Bobby is less than thrilled with his new appointment as head mechanic in a factory on the outskirts of the immense city. Rufus had gotten stuck with filing massive amounts of data, all written in Enochian. His friend had been less than pleased at the prospect. At least Bobby is well acquainted with this kind of job, though he doesn't have a clue as to what it is they're working on. From what he can tell, the smaller projects they are given each day are designed to assemble into something far bigger than what they have seen thus far.
He stops in the middle of a relatively deserted road. Castiel pauses, looking at him in concern, “Sam, what’s going on?”
He doesn’t take the blindfold off until he has Crowley chained in what Dean has affectionately named ‘the dungeon’. Crowley blinks up at him as his eyes adjust to the light, looking around the room for a moment, before his gaze falls to his cuffed hands in his lap. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say Crowley seems lost. Maybe even broken. It’s a bad look on him.
The angel kneels over him, stabbing at Dean with his blade. He jerks out of the way, cutting Dean’s arm as they struggle for control. He can feel blood running as the angel slashes down again. Dean almost catches the blade with his chest, but gets a good grip on the angel’s arm before he can drive it home. Glancing behind him, Dean can see that the other angel is struggling to get to his feet, almost recovered from the shock of being shot. Dean manages to bring his leg up enough to kick the angel’s knee out from under him. The angel falls as he tries to overcompensate for the sudden loss of balance. Rolling with him, Dean finds himself on top of the angel, trying to wrestle the blade out of his hand.
Castiel stares at him. Ramiel has been out of touch and not truly connected to his grace for who knows how long, clinging on to existence by the tiniest of threads. He isn't the most reliable or sane source of information. He can't be, because Castiel doesn't want to consider the implications. But how can he know if he's lying? There are so many holes in Castiel's memory. There's so much of himself he has been forced to question since the angels fell. In truth, he hasn't been sure who he was for a long time now.
Everything looks exactly as they’d left it. The lights are still on and a different horror flick is playing on the TV, providing a slightly unnerving soundtrack of screams and howls to the relative silence of the house. Dean makes his way through the library, stopping in shock as he sees what waits in the kitchen.
Dean jerks awake, sprawled half on the floor and heart hammering against his ribs. His pillow is in the corner on the opposite side of his room and his legs have somehow gotten caught up in the blanket he had fallen asleep on. He glances around, listening to make sure there isn’t some kind of emergency happening. The Bunker is silent, except for the sound of his blood thundering in his ears as he tries to calm himself down. According to the clock that's now upside down on the floor next to his nightstand, Dean has been asleep for about six hours. He had slept the afternoon and part of the evening away. With a huff, he lets his head thump back down against the floor. He racks his brain, trying to remember what he had been dreaming about, but it’s already fading, leaving only the vague feeling of being hunted in its wake.
“After a month of talking, yes,” Castiel says with a sigh, “I thought -- The way you spoke of Sam that night -- I thought if you’d believe anyone willing to attest to my sincerity, it would be him.”
Dean swallows hard before sitting up further and forcing a shrug, “Okay, so it’s kind of a big deal. But look, we’re fine here. Everyone’s good. No harm, no foul.”
Dean turns to him, rolling his eyes, “Cas, this is you we’re talking about! It’s not like I’d just throw you out on your ass when you needed me.”
“Whatever it was, it must have been stimulating,” Castiel says, nonchalant as his hand brushes across Dean’s dick, hard and aching underneath the thin material of his boxers and his pajama bottoms.
What does surprise Dean is that, once in the middle of the bed, Cas flips over onto his stomach. Turning his face away, Cas lies there silent, the muscles in his back visibly tense from where Dean stands next to the bed. Everything about this situation screams, “proceed cautiously,” but being a Winchester, Dean ignores that instinct and dives right in.
Dean has to stop, his throat tightening. Castiel moves in close to him, squeezing his hand. Dean takes a breath, clearing his throat before he tries again.
“Sounds reasonable,” Castiel says, hand picking at a tear in the leather covering of the driver’s seat.
He stifles a groan and thinks seriously about hiding behind his hand for the rest of eternity. Instead, he looks up at the two Castiels. His Castiel is glaring at his possible future self, while the other is sneering at Dean.
Every once in a great while, the angel leaves to briefly check in with Sam, but besides that he keeps his vigil. As a result, Castiel is still positioned at his post the fateful night that Dean Winchester finally makes an appearance.
“Frying bacon is not one of the world’s great mysteries, Dean,” Castiel says, rolling his eyes as he takes a seat across from him.
“I was a week away from turning ten,” Dean says, clearing his throat as he shifts around next to Castiel, “Bobby stepped in. We'd always known him as Uncle Bobby, but he isn't technically related.”
Actually, Dean did know. It might have had something to do with the bottle of baby powder Dean had emptied into the motel room’s hair dryer the previous evening while his brother slept. Sam’s hair, along with most of his face and clothes, had turned white that morning when he began what Dean calls Sammy's princess primp routine. Somehow, Sam didn’t find it as funny as Dean did.
Crowley isn’t surprised by the suggestion. While their research was slow going, it was becoming clear there would come a point when outside investigation would become a necessity. Still, Crowley is only willing to go so far in the name of teamwork.
“He left to save his own skin,” Ramiel says, “Raphael fell in line behind Michael. And the rest of us... Well, I was the only one that survived, and I did that by hiding in plain sight.”
“I assume it’s come to your attention that you haven’t been able to locate the vast majority of your family and friends.”
He turns to see Kevin standing behind him. Kevin glares at Crowley, who simply blinks back at the kid. They stay that way for a few seconds. It’s awkward, to say the least.
“That’s not going to be a problem is it?” Dean asks, “The no grace thing? I mean, it can’t be good.”
Castiel shrugs, “Yes, my family owns various businesses, all of them run by my older brothers. The vast majority of which are stationed along the East coast, but we have a few new acquisitions in San Jose.”
Dean jerks awake, disoriented. The last thing he remembers is finding a bloody and beaten Castiel in that shack and fighting with the Mark version of himself. He moves to sit up and quickly realizes that not only is he in his bedroom in the Bunker, but he has an unconscious angel in his lap.
When Sam finds a strange notation in one of the files he's reading, Castiel volunteers to look it up for him. He makes his way down the hall, locating the room indicated in the file. Castiel has enough time to click on the few overhead lights and open one of the many filing cabinets before Dean slips in after him. He hears the door close shut behind him as strong arms wind around Castiel’s waist. Dean kisses the back of his neck, his nose nuzzling into Castiel's hairline.
Bobby sighs, “So we either have more people we have to bust out of there or we’re getting ready to walk into a horde of unfriendlies.”
Sam isn't able to do much to Abaddon, but he does give Gabriel an opening. The archangel takes a swipe at Abaddon’s knees, knocking her off balance. She stumbles, releasing Sam as Gabriel rallies. The archangel launches himself at her. Sam is useless. The blows they exchange are thunderous, two immovable forces colliding. Sam wonders what it would be like if they weren’t stuck in vessels. If both of them were in their true forms and on neutral turf. It would be a horrifying sight to behold.
“Dean?” Crowley asks, taking over for Charlie, “Abaddon is making her move early. She’s heading towards the gate as we speak.”
There’s a gleam in his eyes. Dean grins wider. Challenge accepted. He makes his way back down Castiel’s neck and chest, pausing long enough to worry one of his nipples with his tongue and teeth before continuing on. He pulls Castiel’s boxers down, letting them fall to the floor as Dean drops to his knees in front of the guy, helping him step out of them.
He silently pledges to get revenge against Sam and Gabriel. But even Dean has to admit, as Castiel does something no angel should know how to do with his tongue, that this had turned out to be the best Halloween ever.
Dean sighs, pulling out a chair and sitting down. Sam takes a seat next to him, waiting for Dean to continue. Dean folds his hands together, resting his elbows on his thighs, refusing to look up at Sam, but still leaning towards him like being just that little bit closer to his brother will be enough to get him through this.
“Then shoot a few bullets and throw a few punches,” Sam says, with a shrug of his shoulders, “If you have the skills, it shouldn’t be a big deal.”
Castiel feels stronger to him now, their connection not as distorted by static as it has been. He’s getting closer. Dean expects to see him standing around every corner, but so far he has been disappointed. He keeps going, picking a spot out in front of him to try to make it to. He tells himself if he can just make it there, he’ll stop for another break. When Dean makes it to the finish line, he picks another spot further down the corridor and starts the routine again. At least it gives him something tangible to shoot for.
The blackness and silence closing in around Sam is oppressive in a way he has never felt before. It’s what he imagines being locked inside a coffin would feel like. He wants to scream, but can’t fill his lungs with enough air to make the sound. His breathing is slow and steady despite his building panic, like his body and mind are two separate entities functioning outside of one another. He still can’t see anything.
It’s like the world decides to tilt sideways on him and forgets to give Dean the memo. He can’t tell if he wants to scream, cry, or gank something. If Naomi had been controlling Castiel before, then when did it start? How much of what had happened in the last few years had been Castiel? Dean assumes the whole ditching Heaven for Team Free Will during the Apocalypse wasn’t planned, but what about Castiel going all Emperor Palpatine and wreaking havoc upstairs and down afterwards? Why would they let that happen if they had an off switch installed the whole time? Hell, was Castiel even Castiel when Dean first met him? No wonder the fallen angel is freaking out, Dean is freaking the hell out.
There will still be an update Friday or Saturday like normal, but there wasn't a good way to cut this stuff up and I really didn't want to leave things hanging for an entire week considering the way this chapter ends. Thanks to everyone who has read and commented and kudo'd!
“No, that’s not --” Gabriel pauses, looking at Sam with more compassion than Castiel has ever seen from another angel, especially towards a human, “Dean died before we made it out of Hell.”
The sun slips below the horizon line, the last few rays glinting off the chrome of the Impala’s front end. He wants nothing more than to climb into the back of his car and go to sleep. He wants to rewind the last 24 hours and replay things from there. Pause it before Sam comes storming in with that stupid list and just stay there in that comfortable haze he had first woke up in, a mop of tousled black hair tickling his nose. Instead, Dean turns the ignition and heads back home, trying to hold out hope that he'll be able to clean up yet another one of his messes.
Cas’ eyes fall to his folded hands, hanging out over the cold, black rail. He can still feel Dean’s hair between his fingers. The feel of Dean’s lips against his neck. Cas had feigned sleep, turning only when he had been certain the other man had slipped into unconsciousness. He’d wanted to memorize Dean all over again. He had wanted to touch, to feel, and take all night doing so.
If it were physically possible, Dean figures he could stay like this for the rest of his life, but after what seems like only a few seconds, that wonderful, wet heat disappears.
The blue flames tower over Sam as they rocket up from the lower levels of Hell. In front of him stands a crumbling two-story house. It's a place that is both unknown and the most familiar structure Sam will ever know. Even as he stares up at it in disbelief, part of the charred roof collapses in, the big tree in the front yard gnarled and burned out. It’s like a bomb has gone off, but it wasn’t an explosion that left this place an empty shell. It was a fire.
Dean pulls the phone away from his ear for a second to glare at it, which he finds satisfying even if Sam can’t see it.
Sam grunts in affirmation, already half passed out. Dean had dug out some painkillers from the emergency kit in the Impala before heading back to the Bunker. He had made Sam take them and he hoped they would kick in enough to at least let the kid sleep. Dean would rather be pulling up a chair and staying right where he is, but there are too many loose ends needing his attention. He walks out of Sam’s room and heads back towards the door.
“What?” Cas snaps, jumping at the touch. When he turns back towards them, that smarmy smile is fixed back into place, “Hey, if you want Castiel up your ass, who am I to judge?”
Sam attacks him, his long, sasquatch arms almost crushing the air from Dean’s lungs as he hugs him. Dean holds on just as tight. Sam releases him, but keeps his hands on Dean like he’s afraid his going to disappear.
He beams at Sam as he takes another small bite of his sandwich, taking far longer than Dean usually would to chew. Hell, he's actually chewing. Under normal circumstances Dean inhales whatever food is in front of him. Sam glowers at his brother for another second before turning to their guests. They all look better than they did yesterday. Sleeping in a safe place will do that for you. Even so, Sam can still see the bags under their eyes.
Sam, stretched out on the soft, brown leather couch, doesn’t look at him. He’s scowling at the flickering flames in the red brick fireplace like it insulted him.
Cracks run along the ground, the glow filtering up through them providing the only light down here. The blue turns out to be some kind of fire. The flames shoot up out of the nearby fissures in the ground without warning. Dean almost gets caught in it a couple of times. He has to press himself against the wall to dodge out of the way. Some of the cracks are huge. One in particular crisscrosses along the corridor before leading out into a cave. The extra light gives him a chance to take a more detailed glance around. The cavern is expansive, the glow of the flames casting deep shadows along the dimpled rock. The black itself is infused with streaks of silver, the light making it flash and sparkle along the walls. It would be beautiful if it wasn’t in Hell. Down here, even the most innocuous of things can harm you, and you’re really screwed if it looks enticing.
Dean wishes they had time to catch up. They’ve lost so many people over the years and here some of them are, standing within arms reach of him, but they can’t linger. There’s always something.
Mary laughs, “Without Gabriel, I don't think any of us would have made it. Some of these angels aren’t nearly as bad as you seem to think they are, Dean.”
The ground shakes beneath them. Dean looks around to see if there’s something coming, not that they’ll be able to put up much of a fight if there is. The movement jars Castiel out of his arms, sending Dean crashing to the ground. Whatever quake Dean had felt under his hand earlier has found them. After a few minutes of shaking everything stills. He reaches out for Castiel, unable to get up and move. His hand finds Castiel’s a few feet away. The fallen angel tries to drag himself over to Dean, but he’s not strong enough yet. They lay there, hands entwined, trying to see each other through the dim light.
“No,” the man says, pausing, “I -- I was just thinking that was a strange way to end a phone conversation with someone you seemed to be so fond of.”
It’s like the wind is taken out of Castiel’s sails. He stands there, blinking at his charge, unable to say one word in response. He’s not supposed to want anything. He’s an angel. He’s less than he once was certainly, but still…
Not wanting to wake Sam up with their talking, Dean stands, his legs protesting as his knees crack. He is trying to step around his chair, when he wobbles. Castiel steadies him before he crashes down onto the bed and what would have been a very surprised Sam. Castiel is about to ask him something else, but Dean shakes his head, motioning towards the hallway. He somehow manages to get his legs under him before they make it out of the room. Castiel stays close just in case, which Dean’s grateful for. It has been a long time since Dean has been this unsteady on his feet while sober. Hell, he isn't usually this off balanced when he’s drunk.
“I picked up an extra shift or two. Gotta save up for some of my classes and we’re coming up on the homestretch for your school stuff.”
“Liked that, huh?” Dean asks. When Castiel nods, the hunter grins and nuzzles at the angel’s neck, “Well, if you liked that Cas, you’ll love what comes next.”
He laughs as Jack grabs his sleeve to yank them apart. Jack leads the way as Dean slings an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him close. Castiel smiles up at him as Dean kisses his temple. Yeah, this isn’t so bad after all.
It’s Castiel. Well, kind of. It’s the love guru, stoned out of his mind version of Cas anyway, from that fucked up future Zachariah had shazamed Dean’s ass to almost four months ago. Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Castiel beats him to it, marching forward until he's right in Cas’ face.
Jophiel looks between Dean and Castiel before nodding and motioning for him to follow him. Castiel glares at Dean, but doesn’t push further. Dean follows behind them, knowing he’s dodged a major bullet, at least for now.
Bobby has lost count how many times he has caught the guy staring at him through the huge windows separating them from the factory floor below. The guy reminds Bobby of Castiel in that way. It makes Bobby question if the guy is an angel in disguise, but he notices the man starts and leaves each day like the rest of the souls. Considering Bobby’s dealings with angels over the years, he figures most of them would rather die than work along side humans, so that theory gets junked fast.
“Stick with the younger one, find out what you can. If your Intel checks out, I’ll contact you. If it doesn’t well...” Abaddon says, with a grin, “I’ll contact you either way, but I don’t think you’ll enjoy what I assure you will be an excruciatingly long conversation.”
It feels like he has an elephant sitting on his chest. Sam stops moving when he realizes Dean is having so much trouble breathing. He puts him back down on the ground. Dean missed them leaving the house, Sam having already carried him outside away from the burning structure. They both watch as their childhood home crumbles before their eyes, the flames climbing higher as it’s consumed. Dean feels like he's watching some kind of deranged rerun.
“Jack,” the guy says, behind the bars of his cage, arms spreading wide as he sees them come in, “I didn’t expect to see you popping up here after everything that’s gone down.”
The Impala sits nearby, the inky black metal glinting in the last few rays of the summer sun. Dean glances up at the horizon, eyes lingering briefly on the sunset. Castiel doesn’t need to read Dean’s mind to know what he’s thinking. They’re almost out of time. Castiel wants to scream or cry or laugh or do something, but he can’t. It wouldn’t help anyways.
Castiel wishes that were the case. While this Dean is more free with the way he feels, both good and bad, the angel knows the darkness that consumed Dean is hiding somewhere in here. It’s still eating away at him, and it’s bound to rear its head sooner rather than later.
“No time like the present,” Gabriel says, leaning forward into Dean’s face, “Now, open up and say, ‘Ah’ for me.”
So, after what is now being referred to as ‘the incident,’ Sam had decided to temporarily split Dean and Castiel up ‘for their own good’ because they both ‘needed rest.’ Dean had called the separation cruel and unusual punishment, arguing that exercise was good for them and that Sam should keep his nose out of other people’s business. Sam had told Dean that he didn’t need to worry, because Sam had an exercise plan all worked out for both of them to help get their strength back, and besides, Dean could hang out with Castiel all he wanted in the common areas of the Bunker. Dean had then called Sam Nurse Ratchet, along with a few other choice words, the conversation descending into a long, loud argument between the two of them.
Dean looks completely disgusted as he closes his eyes as he tries to gather himself, “Do I even want to know why you’d want to help him?”
“Jack is a spirit compelled to wander the Earth alone for the rest of eternity,” Castiel says, somber, “Having company for one night has to be a comfort to him.”
Sam kicks Gabriel hard in the leg, which only succeeds in sending a shock of pain through his own foot. When he looks back at his brother and Castiel, they’re staring at each other again. Fan-freaking-tastic.
Cas speeds up, alternating between gripping Dean’s ass and playing with his balls. It’s not long before he feels an insistent tug upwards, his signal to stop. Cas goes down once more, swallowing him whole and eliciting a moan from Dean, before releasing him. He stands, resuming his original position, arms braced on the wall above his head. Dean unbuttons Cas’ pants and drags them down, spreading his legs apart as he leans in against him once again.
“Having plenty of fun right here, short stuff,” Dean says with a smirk, kissing Castiel again as he pushes Jack away by the helmet.
...He brought you back. But what about Sam? What about me, huh? Where’s my grand prize? All I got is my brother in a hole!
Cas snorts, turning away, “I might have been falling fast at the time, but I wasn’t that far gone yet.”
Dean grabs some clothes out of his bag and heads towards the bathroom. When the door closes, Castiel lets out the breath he hadn’t noticed he was holding. He doesn't know what to say to Dean, and it's clear the hunter feels the same way. Part of him hopes they won't talk about everything that has happened over the course of the last few days. He and Dean could set it aside for now and revisit it later, but that's a bad idea. Castiel has watched the Winchesters do that too many times. Leaving things unsaid never ends well. Truth be told, he has been guilty of that himself, on more than one occasion, in these past few years. So much so, Castiel is at a loss for where either of them can begin.
“Yes, some horrible things were done to me, but I’ve more than offset that over the centuries. What I did to you pale in comparison to all the other crimes I’ve committed. I made those choices. Me. Whatever my past, I could have chosen differently.”
“Cas,” Dean drops the gun and runs to Castiel, wrapping his arms around the angel. Castiel holds him as close as he physically can, “God, I was worried they were never going to let you come back! I missed you.”
“Don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’re a little light on angels around here,” Bobby says, “And even if we weren’t, I don’t think there would be a long line to help any of us out.”
“He was all set to go back, but I stopped him,” Dean says, “Abaddon had Sam, and Henry here died helping me save him.”
Ash claps him on the shoulder, then gathers up his gear and joins the rest of the souls as they head off to fight. Dean faces the door, wrapping his hand around the cool metal of the doorknob. He closes his eyes when he opens the it, a bright white light blinding him. Drawing on whatever he has left in the tank, Dean steps through. He doesn’t feel too bad right now, but if he has to keep doing this, he’s going to wear out fast.
“The dick got what he wanted,” Dean says, shrugging as gives up on his staring match with Castiel to look at Sam, “He’s got the penthouse suite all to himself.”
Dean hisses. Castiel can hear his head thump as he lets it drop back against the wall. Fingers card through Castiel's hair as he licks from the base all the way to the tip, letting his breath ghost over the wet stripe he leaves in his wake.
Dean wouldn’t. He couldn’t, could he? After everything they’ve been through. After everything they’ve become to each other. Castiel refuses to believe that Dean would give up on him now.
“Ash has something on his scanner. We need to get heading towards the next station,” Rufus says, “You guys going to be good here?”
Sam sniffs, flipping through his book of contacts open between them as he pulled it closer, “Who else do we need to check on?”
“You can reward me with a full day of pampering at a topnotch spa when this is all over. If my arms and limbs are still attached that is,” Crowley says, as he opens the door, “Ciao.”
Dean nods as he yawns, reaching up to run a lazy hand through Castiel’s hair, “Sammy says you're doing good.”
“Look, relationships are hard,” Sam says, “It’s something you have to work at. When I moved in with Jess, the first couple of months were awful. We were so different, but after we worked out the kinks we made the differences work to our advantage. And not the kind of kinks you’re thinking about, because I know you.”
Crowley loosens his grip on Kevin’s shirt, his body going slack. Kevin keeps pressure on Crowley’s wound. He just needs to press harder. He should be shouting for help. He needs to do something.
“That attitude right there is the reason you’re known as the difficult brother amongst us supernatural creatures.”
It’s a long, stumbling walk to Dean’s room, but they manage. Castiel takes his coat and belt off. Dean tries to help, stopping halfway through when he realizes that he is more of a hindrance than anything in this shape. Castiel helps him down onto the bed before working on getting his boots off. Dean doesn’t pray to God, but if he did, he would be thanking him for memory foam mattresses right about now. Castiel throws a blanket over him and goes to turn off the bedside lamp the former angel must have turned on at some point.
“I’m taking a shower. You hanging out, Cas?” Dean asks as he stands, shrugging off his jacket and tossing it back on the chair.
He only gets a glance at Castiel as he removes his last layers of clothing before Dean is being pushed back down by Cas. He winces at the burn as Cas talks Castiel through stretching those tight muscles. The next few minutes are painful, but don’t even come close to the worst he’s ever felt. Dean had never been the one on the bottom before tonight, so it comes out of left field when one of Castiel’s fingers hits that sweet spot.
“Like you were cleaning out the library and the den earlier this week?” Dean asks, “Or how about the Impala?”
“Simon,” the girl with short, brown hair who’d told them her name was Tracy says, glaring at the man before turning to Sam, “Sorry he’s a little uh, intense.”
A fond smile tugs at the other Dean’s lips. He takes both of their books, setting them aside as he leans sideways. Head propped up by the arm of the couch and a threadbare pillow, Dean puts his feet up on the nearby coffee table, crossing them as he slides an arm behind Castiel’s shoulders, pulling the angel to him. The other Castiel goes without question, already fast asleep as he falls against the hunter, arm ending up slung across Dean’s waist. The other Dean reaches back, pulling the cord on the lamp next to them, drenching the room in sudden darkness. Castiel turns to look at the real Dean, speechless. Dean is staring at him, watching his every reaction.
Castiel does, twisting in Dean’s arms until he’s facing the other direction, hands finding their way back to the metal shelf just above the sinks. Dean kisses along his back, reaching out to grab the lube. He slicks up his fingers, using a generous amount, before putting the bottle back on the shelf. Maneuvering a bit, Dean wraps an arm around Castiel’s waist to help steady him as one of his fingers slides down, circling Castiel’s hole.
The next afternoon finds them in the garage messing around with the Camaro. A playlist of classic rock songs plays quieter than Dean is used to in the background. He had commandeered Sam’s laptop to multitask, using this time to further Castiel’s musical studies while they work. They have gotten quite a bit done with the car over the last few days since they’ve been stuck waiting for Crowley to get his ass in gear and get them some info. Still, the down time does have it’s perks, and spending extra time with Castiel is up at the top of the list.
“Good point,” Dean says, crossing his arms again to hold in heat, “Shoulda thought to grab my car keys. At least we could've stayed warm.”
This is true. Back when they’d first met, the kid couldn’t have been much older than eleven or twelve. Hell, Uriel had still been up and kicking during the Samhain gig. That had been a day or two ago.
Dean dispatches five demons in a matter of minutes. He takes the time to assess his surroundings during a lull in the action near him. Castiel has a pile of bodies scattered around him. He has another demon on the ropes, pinned between a wall and the fallen angel’s blade. Sam has taken out a few more, the wall of muscles he’d had to deal with earlier taking him longer to deal with than normal.
Crowley gives them the run down. He managed to put together a basic semantic of the building. The ‘demon kids’ are being held in the basement. Most of the day, the place is crawling with demons, but they thin out at night. With the kids locked up tight and other missions Abaddon needs carried out to deal with, most of the demons head out, leaving the place with minimal security.
With a sigh, Castiel leans forward to put the uneaten half of his sandwich on Dean’s plate as he pops the last bite in his mouth. Dean raises his eyebrows as he chews, but Castiel waves him on. The former angel puts his plate in the sink and tops off Dean’s milk before he sits back down to stare at Dean.
The sound of Castiel calling his name seems farther away than it should be, but it doesn’t damper it’s unexpected effectiveness. A low moan escapes Dean as he reaches up, tangling his fingers in Cas’ hair and pulling him closer.
Sam nods, but doesn’t say anything else. Sam doesn't seem to believe him. Dean is trying real hard to keep believing himself.
Castiel puts all his strength into lunging at the archangel. Instead, he falls face first back down against the inky black surface he’s lying on. There are no surroundings here to speak of. It’s all void. Ramiel stoops down next to him, as Castiel raises his head up enough to glare at him.
Dressing in his shabby blue tunic and jeans, Cas glances out to see the pre-dawn light creeping up on the horizon. He turns away from the grime smeared window, eyes falling on the sleeping men. Dean lies on his back, one arm wrapped around Castiel, who had reattached himself to Dean as soon as the hunter had hit the bed. Dean’s head rests against the sleep mussed mess of black hair as Castiel’s arm hangs across Dean’s stomach.
“They walk right through them,” Charles says, “The only thing we’ve found that works so far are angel blades.”
Dean comes to the conclusion that while drunken Sam grinning from ear to ear is funny, drunk Sam bitch-facing at him is down right hilarious.
Dean runs his hands along the smooth planes of Castiel’s back, dragging his blunt fingernails across his skin, swallowing the moan that slips out of Castiel’s mouth. Dean backs Castiel up against one of the sinks. His hands slide down to the waistband of Castiel’s boxers, teasing along the edges. He kisses a trail down Castiel’s throat and along his collar bone, causing Castiel to let out another moan, the sound filing the room.
“If I come at Abaddon in anyway that doesn’t involve crawling on the ground and groveling, I’ll be the guest of honor at dinner this evening and I won’t be sitting around the table, if you catch my drift."
As if summoned by Sam’s thoughts, demons start pouring out of the library and into the streets. Abaddon had had the forethought to take out an insurance policy. It's not a surprise. Abaddon is a lot of things, but stupid isn’t one of them.
Castiel stretches as he wakes, his limbs still heavy with sleep. He is grateful to find himself lying on a soft, warm bed instead of in the middle of a field. He blinks around in the darkness as he sits up, unsure of where he is. He can hear the deep, steady breathing of someone else sleeping nearby. Castiel fumbles around, searching for a light.
“You know it’s wrong, Dean. Don’t you remember that girl we had to kill? Kill again, I guess. All because her best friend and would-be boyfriend couldn’t let her go?”
“Rufus…that name sounds familiar,” Sam murmured as he frowned. Meg turned to look at him suspiciously.
Bela tore her eyes away from her ex and the pup to look at Castiel. “Dean and I weren’t meant to be. We’ve both accepted that, and we have a good friendship now. Despite how I’ve acted towards you in the past, all I’ve ever wanted was for Dean to be happy… I’ve known him for a long time, and I haven’t seen him this happy in quite a while. Lily has a loving Alpha and he will move mountains for her… But you need to know that Dean has one fault. He’s so busy taking care of others, he forgets to take care of himself,” Bela shared, voice gentle yet strong as she glanced back at the sound of Lily giggling wildly, followed by Dean’s own laugh.
“Is-is everything alright?” the male Omega asked, and he seemed like he was trying to make himself as small as possible. He was instinctively trying to protect himself from the negative scents in the room, and Dean moved to soothe him on instinct.
“Thank you Alpha,” Castiel voiced as he swallowed back tears of joy. Adam had always spoken highly of Dean and at times, Castiel had thought his late mate had been exaggerating and had even viewed Dean as some sort of hero. The Omega had been sure it was just some brotherly loyalty but in this moment, Alpha Dean Winchester was truly Castiel’s very own hero.
Castiel’s gaze quickly looked over to Rowena, who arched a brow at him as he remembered Lorraine’s words.
Meg nodded. Apparently the bigger Cecaelia was the more cordial one. “He washed up on the beach. He had nothing with him, no way to identify him, and he was covered in wounds. When he woke up, he had no idea who he was or where he was.”
Castiel knew she was right and he had to change things, he had to build back the trust Dean had once had in him if he hoped for any kind of relationship with him and their pup… he couldn’t continue like this… he had to get himself together and prove himself.
“Our Cecaelia Sorceress gave us the means to be on land and search for Dean’s mate, but with a few conditions. We had no idea how long it would take to find him, if ever, and we needed a spell that wouldn't run out. So, Rowena, knowledgeable Sorceress that she is, gave us a ‘rechargeable’ spell. These watches tell us when we need to submerge ourselves. We need to do so for a few moments,” Sam tried to explain, as Meg looked at him, a bit impressed.
A much older Cecaelia came into view. Castiel’s eyes widened as he saw a moray eel swirling among the weak looking tentacles of the elderly Cecaelia. It was helping the female come forward, and kept her steady as she carefully and slowly made her way to her guests. “You must be Dean’s mate, Castiel. We’ve all heard much about you. My name is Lorraine.”
Jimmy opened his eyes. He closed them again, entirely drained by the flashback. Carefully, he opened his eyes again, and found himself lying in the back cot of the doctor’s personal office. Only the low light of the old man’s reading lamp on his desk was on, casting the medical office in a dim light.
Sam was fuming and it made Dean bristle a bit. He noted that Pamela was uncharacteristically quiet and Bela, Charlie and Castiel weren’t present. “Where are the Omegas?” he asked as he grabbed a piece of bacon. Sam sighed and Crowley made his way towards him with a briefcase.
“Yeah, just glimpses of images and sensations. His voice, our mixed moans.” Jimmy’s cheeks pinked at the mention, but he knew she wouldn’t push. He felt Meg smirk at him as he looked away.
Castiel sighed as the tension he had been holding onto left him. He brushed some of Dean’s stray hairs from his forehead and the man grabbed his hand delicately and kissed his palm as his emerald eyes burned into his, showing him he was very much alright and Castiel couldn’t stop his smile as Dean gave him a beaming one.
Dean watched numbly. His heart ached because the man he had considered his best friend for so long, had happily stated this was his new purpose. That he was looking forward to this new chapter in his life and felt this would be the most effective and valuable use of his endless knowledge and inept curiosity in learning.
A large boar was already roasting over the fire pit, and pack members were gathered in the massive clearing designated for such events. The cool evening air swirled with excitement. The many torches made shadows dance in the evening’s blue glow, and Dean smiled as Missouri finished marking his face.
Castiel felt a crucial urge to growl,and he did. He couldn’t seem to control his body as his growl turned into a roar, and he bared his elongated teeth as two large shadowed forms came into view.
Alpha Ishim recovered quickly and downright glared at Dean. “I see. So be it. Since we have four witnesses from both of the packs all here already, I believe we don’t need an official gathering. We will stand and witness the claim now.” The bastard smiled. “I’m sure you all would like to return to your pack lands, what with the funeral you must all be preparing for.”
Castiel came into the room, holding a large bowl, and carefully handed it over to Dean. The Dragon found the contents to be a delicious smelling stew that was filled with meats and vegetables. Dean eagerly started in on his supper as Castiel sat in the chair and watched him with a small smile.
“I’d love to hear about everyone. I’d like to understand my place in the pack clearly,” Castiel whispered in return as he resumed caressing his stomach.
Dean clenched his jaw and nodded. He did know, but that didn’t change the fact that he wouldn’t make one damn move unless Castiel did first. “I know, I just… it's up to Castiel.” He left it at that as he started towards home, Sam and Benny close behind.
“She gets that from Dean,” Castiel said, his mouth having a mind of its own before he caught himself. Alarmed, he looked up at his two friends. “I-I mean—”
“Hello Dean. Thank you for taking care of Lily.” Castiel smiled at him, and as much as he wanted to reach for her, she looked incredibly comfortable where she was. Dean held her easily with one hand as the pup slept soundly against his shoulder.
Dean rubbed at his face. He had to figure out how to let Castiel know that he was open and very much willing to be a real family, to be together. They were moving forward with their lives and Dean wanted to be Castiel’s Alpha, in every sense of the word.
Claire turned abruptly and her eyes went wide when she saw her mother. “Mom? What are you doing here?”
For years, Dean wandered as a rogue wolf. He had no pack, and he was alone and considered dangerous, because a wolf without a Head Omega to soothe and nurture it would leave them to the wilds of the rage in the Alpha. Yet Dean had never felt the rage or wrath to hurt anyone inside of him. He felt lost and broken, but kept on with Missouri’s words still so clear in his head after a decade. Dean would pass between pack territories, being careful not to trespass or upset any of the packs. Some packs had let him pass right through their lands, some hosted him for a night, fed him, and offered a bed for the night. Some asked him if he would like to stay, yet none had felt right to him. So he had continued on in his travels.
He could do nothing but nod, not sure if his voice would properly convey anything he hoped to say, and settled for shuffling himself towards his bed. Once he was settled, she handed him his cup, and they drank together silently. She sat next to him, and leaned against the headboard as they both watched the ocean’s waves roll in with its soothing ‘whooshing’ sounds. One could easily fall into a deep sleep.
“Castiel, whatever happened, starting over in a new job might help ease some of the pain. None of us here are without our own pains and hopes. Do you feel Singer Clinic will be a good step for you?”
Then there were the arguments he could hear between Dean and Bela, which had somehow grown more constant since that night, and he had to understand what happened.
Castiel nuzzled her as she looked up at the birds taking flight from the tree overhead. She wiggled in his arms and tried to smile, her big blue eyes filled with wonder. These perfect, quiet moments were what Castiel cherished the most. Lily was thoroughly curious about everything around her and he smiled at her, knowing he would be here to teach her and show her things, be part of her ‘firsts’ and help her along. He had never felt so eager about his future as he did then.
“I’ll be outside with Sam.” Dean nodded at Castiel’s words and helped Jack get comfy around the many monitoring cords that were attached to him.
Castiel felt confused as his mind rushed to figure out what was going on. He had been happy, completely content with having his Alpha’s collar and then… his daughter… the pain he had felt as she moved wildly inside of him, and then the sight of the massive wolf…. Dean’s emotions and him slamming shut the tendrils of their delicate bond… Castiel suddenly felt nauseous as a pounding headache started to make itself known, and he moved to lay on the bed.
Dean was patting himself on the back for bringing Lily with him to this meeting. He had been dreading it for months, had known for some time that this would eventually be brought up, and was damn surprised it had taken this long for the ripple effect of his actions to come back at him. Having the pup with him had definitely helped him keep his cool.
The first thing he felt as his consciousness started to return was the pain in his left side. Dean knew better than to make a sound, despite being back in his human form to protect his beast. He could still smell others; humans were near. He listened intently, and breathed a small sigh of relief as he realized he was alone. Slowly, he opened his eyes, and his slight dizzy spell quickly subsided as he took in his surroundings. He was in a small room, laid out on a too-small bed that had his feet hanging over the edge. His wounds were all dressed in clean bandages, and he could smell as well as feel some sort of healing salve, most likely from willow or wisteria bark. He arched a brow, wondering where exactly he was, as the bright sun of the day shone in from the window to his left. It was snowing. He noticed a small banner that ran across the bare wall. It boasted four curled trees, two at each side, with ancient runes in an arch at the top and at the bottom, while the center held a symbol Dean was sure he had seen before. It was an Old Gods symbol, a reminder of the ones that his King, Cain, held high disdain for over those that worshiped anyone but him. The symbol was an elaborate and beautiful Triskelion. As Dean looked around his minimal surroundings, he found the Triskelion symbol etched into the four corners of the wooden bed he was laying in.
Before he had a moment more to think, somehow they had arrived at the hospital. Time seemed to pass differently in Russia. While Dean had wanted to visit this beautiful and raw country, he couldn’t seem to find anything worth thinking about, worth looking at, besides getting Adam’s body home.
Castiel unrolled the tiny parchment and gasped. He grabbed hold of his garments and took off at a run toward the clearing, ignoring Crowley’s calls after him to know where the bloody hell he was going off to.
Slowly he slipped from the bed. He slipped on his warmest pair of socks and retrieved his only house coat before heading towards the door. The large door opened quietly and Castiel found himself in the dimly lit hallway. Carefully he made his way back towards the stairs. As he descented the curve of the landing, he found the grand mansion silent, reminding himself he arrived late and with the massive windows showing nothing but pitch blackness with a light falling snow outside, he wondered if everyone else was asleep. He had only met the old Alpha Singer and Castiel tried to imagine how many servants Lord Dean would need to keep such a large estate as clean and tidy as it was.
He vaguely remembered hushed whispers, a warmth that filled him and made him feel light as a feather. As he managed to open his eyes ever so slightly, he saw Dean… The Alpha was carrying him? Castiel tried to keep his eyes open, but he couldn’t fight the darkness that pulled him under once more.
He waited as his heart’s thundering beats seemed to be the only sound in the frozen stillness of the evening. The Omega’s sky blue eyes wandered around the well weathered estate. There were remnants of what appeared to have once been a beautiful garden in the front of the round curved stone driveway. Everything else was covered in a thick white blanket of snow.
Sam looked at him with a fierce questioning gaze. “Honestly, not likely. But why would that even be something to think about? Unless the pup was in dire danger or already compromised beyond saving, no doctor would do such a surgery.”
“That’s… that’s pretty smart actually.” Dean was impressed. He supposed Cas never did anything half assed and it made him smirk. “I think that’s grounds for a road trip.” He winked as he pushed to his feet and headed for his room to pack. The sound of  Sam’s laughter echoing behind him.
Only a week later, Dean had shown up at his apartment with his packed bags and announced he had signed the divorce papers and told Jo he had met Castiel. The Omega looked down at his still sleeping husband and took his large hand in both of his and kissed it as he nuzzled it. Their union had been a bit awkward in the beginning. They had shared Castiel’s small apartment, Dean had insisted on sleeping on the sofa bed and for a few weeks, they had danced around each other, gotten to know each other while figuring out their feelings in link to their wolves. When their friendship had turned (rather quickly) into a romantic one, their first night… Castiel laced his hand with Dean and watched his sleeping love. That first night, Dean had cherished him, had shown him exactly how much he desired him, and had left Castiel in a shock of euphoria. No one had ever physically loved him the way Dean did and still did. The Alpha had made it his mission to learn the Omega’s body, his every hot spot and mold them all to his advantage that continuously left Castiel greedily mewling for more.
“I love it. Thank you again, so much.” Castiel truly did and he kept his gaze on the Alpha as he left. Pamela winked at him as she moved to follow the duo, which left Castiel alone with Charlie.
The history between the Cecaelia clan and that of the Merfolk clans had been a disastrous one.  War had raged between them over lies, forbidden love, and murder. Many lives had been lost over the years. The Merfolk had nearly been eradicated, having no chance against the warrior-monsters of the ocean, the Cecaelia. Hundreds had perished, and the Merfolk had been split into  two clans, the northern and the western kin.
Cain barked a laugh. “Now, you know you are always welcome. The boys love you,” he said as he turned towards the barn and let out a piercing whistle Castiel was envious of. Within minutes, the stunning trio came out of the barn towards them. It didn't matter how many times Castiel visited them, they always took his breath away. They had this way of making him feel calm and loved, somehow washing away all his worries. He smiled as Hercules reached him first, gently nuzzling into his left cheek.
Not only had his parents placed themselves in a staggering predicament, Castiel was the one to pay for it. The Novaks owed too much to the Winchesters and if they hoped to ever save face or any semblance of dignity… all that was left to do was give the wealthy Duke of Winchester their only Omega son as an appeasement in the hopes of renewed heights in society. However there were specific conditions and Castiel was already disheartened with the first attempt's outcome.
It was midday when Castiel finally came to see Dean. The Dragon had been feeling quite worried when he hadn’t seen the Healer in the morning, and instead had been left to the hospitality of Crowley, who had brought him breakfast as he continued to regard him warily. When he had asked after Castiel, Crowley had simply informed him that the Healer had important business to attend to that he had been neglecting since Dean’s arrival. The sturdy man hadn’t given the Dragon a chance to reply. Instead, he had left him to his breakfast, and Dean’s laundered and mended breaches laid at the foot of the bed.
“I don’t know how to feel…” She whispered finally as the exhaustion seeped into the depths of her bones.
It had been a long few days since the challenge. Dean continued to feel uneasy, like he was waiting for something else to happen, and as much as he hated to admit to himself, the only time he felt remotely relaxed was when he was around Castiel. The Omega had asked him about the baby’s room and Dean dove headfirst into re-purposing the room across from Castiel’s. He had spent the last two weeks renovating, getting covered in paint and sawdust as he built the nursery. It was almost a mini vacation: he didn’t have to think, didn’t have to bother showing up at Michael’s burial. His challenge was viewed as traitorous, and so would be buried on the outskirts of the Winchester Pack lands. Dean didn’t have to deal with that, the Elders and Benny were more than capable. This left him to take care of something he felt was much more important, a safe and cozy room for the newest and first Winchester pup to grace Dean’s life.
“What?” Castiel was stunned. Of course it had occurred to him every day since Dean had initiated the divorce but… but he felt confused and helpless like he was stuck on a spin cycle and didn’t know how the hell to get off.
“So, Nazarovo?” Benny asked, securing his small bag as they stepped down from the private plane that the pack owned.
They swam quietly as Castiel took in his surroundings. It was narrow at some curves of the rock structures, yet despite being in foreign territories of which horror stories had been sung to him since he had hatched, he felt welcomed among the Cecaelias he passed. Some looked at him with curiosity, some hid but peeked, while others stood by and gave him a nod of acknowledgement.
Bela snorted. “True, I just, I don’t know, I feel like I’m not sure where we all fit,” she admitted and then stopped to gain his attention. Benny stopped short several yards behind and turned away to give them privacy.
The Merfolk would be electing new Elders. Charles would stay on, while Gabriel had been suggested by others in the colony who stated that his bravery in volunteering to witness the executions merited him a strong mind. They were looking for two others.
Dr. Mills took him down a long hallway, noises of occupied offices and examination rooms filled with patients alerted Castiel of the clearly busy and lively clinic.
Five years ago, this tiny fishing town had fully welcomed him as one of their own. He had spent those years adrift in a haze, filled with confusion and nightmares full of things that vanished when he woke. Random flashes would hit him without warning, leaving him with migraines that left him unable to do anything except lie in the darkness of his small beach house, pondering what secrets his past held.
The brief moment gained a curious gaze from Charlie, who eyed the large and fresh claiming bite on the male Omega’s neck. Dean nodded to her, letting her know he would fill her in later.
“Look, Castiel, stop this trembling Omega deal. You want him back then get him back. Stop with the excuses and do what you know needs to be done. I don’t know the details and it's none of my business but I do know this, Dean Winchester is a good man. The community loves him and I heard about the divorce like everyone else did. Cas, whatever happened between the two of you, if you truly feel you can fix it, do it before it's too late. Stop your excuses'' Jody warned.
Dean’s kind, Dragons, were rare, and yet the very few Kings and Queens that could have them in their midst controlled and ruled with the power and strength they brought with them. Dean and Sam had hatched together. They had been magically fueled with shifting abilities, which ensured that they were able to hide in plain sight as ‘humans’, while their true enormous, monstrous forms stayed protected.
Desperation sank into him as he shivered despite the warm bath. His tears slid down his cheeks silently. He was exhausted from the constant fear pegging him and there was no room for failure and yet he had no idea what he was to do. How could he convince some high Lord ten years his senior that he was worthy?. Castiel clenched his jaw and he knew how foolish and young hearted he sounded but he wanted so desperately to be loved; to be happy and feel safe instead of the constant fear that his own scent made him ill as bile rose when he scented the air around him.
“It's a small town and many Omegas will be quite overjoyed to hear the dashing Alpha Winchester is back on the market.”
“You don’t have to follow through with this son, no one will think less of you,” Bobby added, not wanting a needless death to happen.
“We are Cecaelia, not things,” Sam corrected, feeling a bit irritated as the old man took a few steps back and sank down to sit in the sand.
Every time she looked over the ocean and thought of this beau Jimmy apparently had before he washed up, the eerie feeling of her hairs standing on end overtook her.
Of course he did. Every Merfolk born since had been told of the war and the evil monstrous Alpha Cecaelia warrior that had kidnapped the beautiful Omega Mermaid of the south clan. Some referred to her as a princess because of her beauty and importance. She was to mate with an Alpha from the North clan, Castiel’s clan, to cement a truce that would unite the clans.
Castiel looked away and bit his bottom lip as he set his teacup down. “I, well, maybe a movie night, just us and Lily?”
Now a few weeks after getting settled in at the Singer Clinic he had a regular schedule, one where he no longer needed to worry about spreading himself too thin in order to be a good physician and he was getting along with his co-workers just fine.
Castiel caressed Jack’s soft thin honey-blond hair as the pup grew tired and laid his head against his mama’s shoulder. The Omega held him tightly. That first doctor’s visit to confirm his pregnancy had been...horrible. It had been another reminder of small-town living. When the doctor had realized that when she called ‘Omega Winchester’ it had been
“Challenged him? As Head Alpha?” This surprised Castiel and he immediately understood why Dean hadn’t wanted to speak of it. In almost any pack, if an Alpha was bold enough to challenge the Head Alpha, there had to be legitimate reasons, such as the Head Alpha being too old or sickly, or knowingly putting the pack in danger, or the Challenger being power-hungry or wanting to take over the pack and its lands. And of course there was the Omegas… Some Head Alphas tended to have multiple Omegas in their care, including the Head Omega, who was considered the prize of the pack. Castiel looked at Charlie with wide eyes as the realization hit him, and he sank down into the beautiful wicker rocking chair. “This was because of me, wasn’t it?”
“Great; look at this video. It’s from a security camera at a marine zoo. You see that one tank here?” Benny pointed to one of the two tanks that were across a pathway from each other as he angled his phone for Jimmy to watch.
Dean looked at Pam and Crowley before he said a quick “Excuse us,” and met Benny out into the hallway.
"Dean, you don’t have to worry. You make Lily and I your priority, along with the whole pack that continues to thrive under your leadership. You sacrifice a lot and work hard, and we are grateful. Missing one birthday isn’t a big deal.” Castiel started as he looked up into those majestic emerald eyes. “What matters is that you choose to be here now, and that’s everything," he finished in a whisper.
Lily took to being a big sister like a duck to water. The twins, Claire and Jack, were two rambunctious little shifters that made life a wild affair of running feet and giggles filling every corner of their home.
After mating season, Dean had to leave his Omega to go on a hunting expedition. It was the custom for Cecaelia Alphas to bring back food for their mates to gorge on, especially if their Omegas had caught during mating. Castiel had smiled at him and told him to bring him back salmon and his favorite, shrimp.
The last few weeks had found Castiel existing numbly, and just going through the motions. The need for normality after Dean’s departure had been paramount as he tried his best not to break. Any phone calls to his Alpha had resulted in short, sharp rejoinders.  ‘You didn’t give me a choice’ and ‘I’ve tried talking to you many times over the last three years and it’s never done anything to make you understand’ or he was promptly told to speak to their daughter, that she needed to hear him tell her he loved her and Castiel’s own heart had broken with how dismissive his five year old had been towards him. He heard Dean chastise her, to be nice and talk to her mama and Ellie’s reluctance to speak to him had nearly killed the Omega. Dean had apologized and explained that she was upset about the move and not quite able to understand what was happening around her which had only served to make Castiel once again plead with the Alpha not to go through with this. Dean had paused over the line and had then stated that he had to and their conversation had ended at that.
“I have to go in. I feel too restless. I need to go hurt something. Maybe I can find a Mako shark or maybe a barracuda that feels like fighting,” Dean growled out as he started towards the water while he removed his clothes.
Castiel swallowed as he looked at the card in his hand and back up at his friend. He was ever grateful for the older Omega and he was right. He needed to set in motion his plan to get his family back and the first thing was to leave the toxic environment behind. “Thank you Balthazar.”
“All of this is wrong, I will never allow this to happen. It's an innocent child! The pup has Winchester blood, my blood! Castiel doesn’t deserve this!” Dean growled out in a hushed whisper as Benny looked him dead in the eye to try and calm him.
Dean laughed, overjoyed with this new turn of events, and promptly shifted himself. Castiel yelped, not expecting the Alpha to do so as Lily barked and danced eagerly.
“Welcome to our playing field!” Meg teased, as she tried to lighten the heaviness that had crept in. Meg was married to Joanna Harvelle. Jo and her mother Ellen ran and owned the dock restaurant, as well as the fishery next to it. They had given Jimmy his job as a seafood processor. It wasn’t a luxurious job, but he didn’t mind its routine and order. He was extremely thankful to the Harvelles. Jo was friendly and accepting of him. The tasks of gutting, butchering or filleting fresh fish, crabs and shellfish to have them ready for the restaurant or to ship out was something he could do without issue. He found the repetitive functions oddly soothing. He had quickly grown immune to the scents. “I’ve never seen you interested in anyone since I’ve known you,” she added carefully.
While he was contemplating what to do next, Jody and Balthazar had left his office. He sighed and wondered what he should do next and decided the first thing was to tell Dean that he left the Omega Clinic weeks ago. That he wanted to start seeing Ellie, not just talking to her on the phone and perhaps that he wanted to win his Alpha back. To have Dean’s trust again. To feel whole again. Thinking of reuniting with Dean always brought back  a fear he had felt since  presenting; mating. He couldn’t help but wonder if he and Dean had mated would they have ended up here still. The answer was  a resounding ‘no’ at the thought. If they had mated, he would not  have lost his way like he had. He would have been able to feel and understand Dean, and their bond on a level he had until now been too frightened to commit to
That made Dean stop and turned back to face her, just in time to see Benny hiding a grin behind his hand as he turned away again to give them ‘privacy’ for all it was worth. Dean rubbed the back of his neck and licked his lips. “Yeah, thanks Bel.”
“No,” Castiel replied quickly, he didn’t want Dean to get the wrong idea. “Not in the way you think. Adam… Adam was courting me and I hadn’t realized it at first. I had never garnered any Alpha’s interest, being a male Omega was always treated like something to be ashamed of, like something was wrong with me. I wasn’t viewed as a good Omega, but a broken one. Adam cared for me, and yes the pack pushed the mating and wedding, but Adam was always loving and sweet. He respected my reservations and lack of interest in a physical relationship outside of our heats and ruts.” Castiel was blushing furiously as he revealed his secrets to Dean.
The brothers said nothing more as the two SUVs parked in front of the clinic. Dean watched as Pamela helped Castiel out of the vehicle, and the Alpha was moving before his brain caught up with him.
“You see! He’s a monster! He must be killed!” Dr. Hess shouted, as she fought against Kevin and Inias for control of her gun.
Castiel blushed at having all eyes on him as Pamela and Charlie helped and Lily through the crowd and up on the wooden platform. Dean smelled excited and happy and Castiel couldn’t keep the smile from his face. Murmurs and cheers went through the crowd and Castiel made himself keep his gaze on the Head Alpha.
He must not have heard her correctly. Everything in him panicked, and he wanted to deny that she’d caught him looking at the Head Alpha with heart eyes… “I—”
Dean made his way downstairs and out of the house, finding the yard filled with pack members—including Sam, Charlie and Pam—who watched him emerge. He hadn’t bothered putting on anything but his jeans and he was still barefoot, which suited him just fine.
“Yes, I’m engaged.” Balthazar confirmed and despite his own pain Castiel smiled at him and hugged him once more. He was truly happy for his friend.
“Talk to me. I know I can’t understand everything, but I’m here. Don’t shut me out, ever, about him. I want to help,” Jo pleaded, as her dark-haired wife nodded.
“I leave in a few hours, you’re in charge,” Dean told Sam, and then turned to his fuming fiancee. “Bela, we will get married and mate when I get back… it’s Adam,” was all the Alpha said as he caressed her cheek and then left the office.
at the claim. Everything in him knew he had done the right thing. He was honoring Adam by stepping in and making sure his widower and pup were safe and taken care of. The only complication was the claiming… And in truth it was already messing with the Alpha a bit.
Castiel sighed. The water had started to cool considerably, making him rush to wash his hair as well as the rest of himself quickly. He needed to be presentable. He wasn’t sure exactly how to make himself attractive but he would try to do anything to make sure Lord Dean readily agreed to the marriage and mating. Castiel wondered if perhaps the Duke had already ‘ordered’ his son to wed him? He growled in frustration and annoyance as a headache started to work at his temples.
“Um, well, the previous clinic I worked for wasn’t something that was suited for me anymore. I need a change of environment to learn and accel as a doctor and Omega.”
Dean looked down at his ‘watch’. It was nearing the hundredth hour, and across the room, Sam’s watch mimicked the sound out of sync.
“All done,” she declared as she stepped away from him. Dean looked around the clearing, locating the small platform at the center and walking towards it. The Pack Elders followed him and the crowd started to quiet down as he moved among them, Benny and Ketch flanking him. Dean stepped up on the foot-high wooden stage and howled, echoing and powerful, commanding attention and receiving barked howls in return from his pack. Dean smiled broadly as he regarded everyone.
“Hi Dr. Garth!” Castiel spun around to see his Ellie walking into the clinic followed by Dean. The Omega bolted to the nearest door. He took a deep breath as his heart raced at an alarming rate when the door was suddenly pulled open a few inches to reveal a very confused Kevin and concerned Jody.
“Aww, come here, baby” Castiel happily took his son, thankful for the interruption and scent of his and Dean’s pup. He smelled of pine and green tea. It was so soft and pleasant, Castiel nuzzled him right away, gaining a string of giggles and mumbling from him. “Were you good for your big sister?” The dark-haired Omega asked as he smiled at his pup.
“The nightmares are the same,” he sighed in response. The only clues from his past came to him in either the nightmares or sudden, random flashbacks.
Lately, images of the man’s lips had started to journey into much more sensual territory, and Jimmy was astonished  at the feeling it would evoke in him. Those lips and that mouth would be on his, in a searing kiss that left him trembling and gasping for more.
IF YOU SEE ANY OF MY STORIES ON WATTPAD UNDER ANOTHER AUTHOR NAME BESIDES MY OWN (XHARUKA17X), IT IS NOT ME!. PLEASE LET ME KNOW IMMEDIATELY ABOUT THIS PERSON STEALING MY STORY. THIS HAS HAPPENED TWICE ALREADY. PLEASE COMMENT ON MY STORY OR CONTACT ME ON xharuka17x.tumblr.com. THANK YOU
Dean wanted to avoid a war, he wasn’t here to anger anyone, but in truth, he wasn’t about to ‘host’ strange Omegas or Alphas in his house when he wasn’t the least bit interested. However, he did have houses in his pack that would be open to meeting outside Omegas and Alphas for possible unions.
The once Head Omega smiled at him before she turned to find a place among the crowd. Castiel noticed just how soothing her scent had been, that her smile had been genuine, and he couldn’t stop the elated feeling inside of him. He still felt like he was the main reason she and Dean’s relationship had ended, but he couldn’t lie, he was incredibly happy that she complimented Lily. He watched as Bela moved through the crowd with a small following trailing after her. She placed herself near the front of the platform and watched Dean as he spoke. She had a fond smile on her lips, yet Castiel saw the tinge of sadness in her pretty features and his heart ached for her.
…” Her voice broke as she said ‘first.’ Her anger left her suddenly as she sank down on the cushioned bench, tears now sliding down her cheeks. “He’s your Head Omega now.”
Bela hummed to herself as she took some final notes and started to collect her things. “Too bad for me Alpha Winchester isn’t into Alphas, he’s quite a catch.”
Pamela sat next to him as the plane started to move, and the others all turned their attention to him for a moment. A Beta named Crowley, with a wicked glimmer in his eyes and endless amusement, smirked at him and lifted a glass filled with whiskey or bourbon and toasted him before drinking it. The Alpha Benny gave off a casual allure, yet his sky blue eyes held both a calculating intelligence and a warmth that put Castiel at ease. And of course Dean, who came to rest at the far end of the seats and gave him a charmingly reassuring smile. He had an intensity ingrained in the depth of his green eyes, and yet had the ability to soothe Castiel with compassion he had never known in his life.
“You must be of the Winchester Pack.” A woman with auburn hair, tied up into a tight bun, came towards them.
“Hey Castiel, what’s going on? Charlie said you had bad pains just now?” Sam asked as he moved towards him carefully.
The last few days had Dean busier than usual. With an array of hostings coming up, Dean was going to every house that had signed on to host, making sure they still wanted to and were ready for their guests. Hostings didn’t happen often, but it was exciting when pack members were of age and open to meeting prospective mates, and the whole family was included. The preparations called for long hours with their pack lands being so vast.
He had had a similar reaction for the first time about three years ago.  Meg had commented on it, and as he thought about it, and though it didn’t fully make sense to him,  he felt as if it were somehow connected to this most recent flashback.
Because of their friendship, Bela still to this day held Pamela’s presence as a threat at times, even after five years of Dean’s dedication to her. Pamela found it hilarious.
Castiel watched as Dean carefully, and with quick and precise movements with his tentacles, crafted a small, solid hollow. The Cecaelia gave his love a soft smile as he retrieved the two pieces of the egg shells that remained from their slaughtered little ones, and diligently placed them there as a memorial for them. As Dean drifted back and kept his sad eyes upon them, Castiel kissed his shoulder and then took his pink mating pearl out of the same sack and placed it in the center of the two pieces of shells.
Jimmy found himself waking up in tears and screaming for Dean, and his body pulsed with its desperation. He wiped his face and sighed. He was losing his mind. He didn’t know how his body remembered a past his mind couldn’t, or wouldn't, allow him to recollect, and he felt divided and scared.
“Hm, I’m just surprised he insisted on taking Lily when I told him about our shopping trip… I hope this didn’t cause any issues, I didn’t know about the council meeting until Charlie mentioned it after we’d already left.” Castiel had wondered about it the whole day. As he concentrated on the bond ever so slightly, he could feel Dean’s irritation mixed in with joy. Castiel smiled to himself, he knew that  the joy was because of Lily.
The sudden urge to retrieve his small chest from the side table prompted him to fetch it quickly. It was quaint, and the size of a small jewelry box. He had found it in their small town’s only antique shop. He opened it on his lap and revealed his handful of treasures four small pink pearls. He felt Meg watching him as he ran his fingertips over them, almost in a lovingly. This was another puzzle to him. Why pink pearls, the real and very rare ones, brought him such a feeling of happiness he could neither explain nor comprehend. He had found them all in oysters, and had asked the Harvelles if he could keep them.
Her grey eyes widened at the name. “Dean Winchester? We weren’t properly prepared to receive you, we were under the impression that an associate would come to collect your brother. My apologies, I am Naomi, third-in-command to Alpha Ishim.”
with Hester.” Rowena gave an eerie and sinister smile at the mention. “You won’t have to worry about her.” All eyes turned to her as her eyes glowed amethyst and focused on Castiel. “When Dean found you, it set off her spell. The object of, or really, the reason for her spell’s success was in keeping you away from him and out of the sea. She tried to remove him from your mind, but couldn’t from your heart. She clearly hadn’t counted on him setting out to find you and bring you back here, where you belong with your Alpha. Once Dean found you and brought you back into the water, Mother Sea wasn’t going to let one of her most precious creatures suffer in her oceans.”
“You don’t think I’ve thought about that?” Dean growled out and Sam lifted his hands up in surrender, a gesture meant to placate the more dominant Alpha. Dean released a breath through his nose and wiped at his face. “This was the right thing to do, she will understand and accept it eventually, after she calms down. None of this is about her or taking away that damn title,” Dean grumbled.
Dean looked up at them, his nose twitched as Sam’s Alpha scent of pine and blackberries mixed with Bela’s Omega lavender and walnut, swirling around him. He finally stood, knowing that the part of him that just wanted to wallow and cry would have to wait because he had a responsibility now, not only as Head Alpha of the Winchester Pack, but as Adam’s family Alpha.
Benny looked at him questioningly, which snapped Dean out of his musings and he proceeded to help the obviously tired Omega inside.
“These symbols, these runes, are to bring the energy to heal. They are for protection, and to relieve any suffering,” Castiel instructed, as Dean eyed the small banner that boldly showed those emblems.
“Alpha Ishim, this is Alpha Dean Winchester—” was all Dean heard Naomi announce as wide, scared and tear-filled blue eyes suddenly consumed him. The happy and shy Omega that Dean remembered from the handful of video chats was now gone. Castiel looked devastated and broken, which only made Dean’s inner Alpha whine, wanting to give him comfort. They were both mourning and Dean couldn’t even begin to imagine how the Omega was feeling. He looked too thin, with a cut near his upper lip and dark purple bruises that seemed to cover the right side of his neck and shoulder, while a cast covered the whole of his left arm.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah well, I didn’t want to assume, and I don't want you to think or feel like you’re obligated. Adam will always be her father. We’ll make sure she knows all about him.”
The Omega waddled into the house, a bit surprised that no one had come to meet him like they usually did. As he closed the door behind him, he found the house empty. He could feel through their bond that Dean was close, and he assumed the man was upstairs. Castiel decided against bothering him. He had wanted to broach the subject of getting a nursery ready, but it could wait until morning. He smiled at the thought, thinking of various themes for his little girl as he opened the fridge to get a drink. On the shelf there was a banana yogurt with a bag of walnuts left for him with a smiley face on it, and it made Castiel laugh. It was from Dean. He took both from the fridge just as he heard a roar from the front of the house, making him jolt.
Years ago, Meg had helped him look through what was called the missing ads, but they had never found anything or anyone that pertained to him in any way. Jimmy looked out over the water, the ocean calm and serene as a storm of confusion exploded inside of him. Why couldn’t he remember?
“My divorce is officially final today.” Castiel whispered as he willed himself not to cry. He was at work and had patients to see and yet…
“Hi, sorry we’re late,” Castiel apologized as Lily looked at everyone in the room with wide eyes. Her tiny face started to crumble into an upset little shrivel and her bottom lip quivered, threatening to let out a wail.
He hated how much his irritation mirrored the weather as it turned sour when he wasn’t sure exactly where the hell he was heading. As he neared the dark clouds, rain suddenly came down in sheets, completely obscuring his view no matter how fast the windshield wipers were going.  The roads were winding, and Dean tried to maneuver the car to stay on the narrowing path only for the classic beauty to start sputtering.
The Alpha kept his eyes closed tight as his heart calmed. The careful hand on his left shoulder and chest felt soothing when he would have expected them to be constricting. The fact that he felt pillows and a downy mattress beneath him, if it wasn’t from the physical pain and the restraining cuffs still around his wrists and his throat, he would have thought the Goddess had finally come for him.
Castiel jolted at the voice, shocked he hadn’t heard anyone coming in. He turned to find another Omega, blond with greying hair that regarded him with such anger and loathing that he could practically feel it physically. Castiel recognized her right away, from the countless pictures Dean owned and from his lover’s tales, this was his Alpha’s ex-wife. He had hoped if they ever crossed paths that they could be amicable, yet she had right away started with crass words.
Dean had been ready to tell everyone right then and there, however, Castiel had pleaded with him to wait… he had wanted to go to the doctor's office and get confirmation. He had also voiced his fears that night. His age, it was his first and wanted to get passed the first trimester to be sure everything was ok. Dean had held him, told him how everything was going to be just fine and that he loved him.
Dean huffed in surprise at having the Omega hug him, but he wrapped his arms around him and laughed as Castiel looked up at him through his tears. “I’m glad you like it.”
Jimmy came to lying stiff  on his hardwood  floor. Slowly his eyes began to focus, and he saw he was mere inches from his clawfoot tub. He frowned and closed his eyes once more to try and temper the headache that was pounding at his temples like war drums. He tried to concentrate on the memories that had assaulted him, but his mind wouldn’t appease him. Instead, that flashback had brought all the ones from last week forward again. The one with the tentacles…the red tentacles were swirling in front of his eyelids.
Jimmy closed his eyes and let that memory return. It had to be a memory,  there were too many sensations. The feel of those soft lips on his, the taste of salt and...mint? He wasn’t sure, but he did  relish the taste. Jimmy gave himself over to the memory. He was too exhausted to fight it and the overwhelming passion that made him tingle down to his toes as the memory coalesced.
Castiel pulled back after some time to look at his love and smiled through his pain. How could anyone deny how the Cecaelia Warrior felt about him, when he had searched endlessly for him? The Omega caressed his mate’s face tenderly and then nuzzled himself all over him.
“No… well, dad tried but she wouldn’t take his calls, and she had been so upset when Emma and I told her about the wedding that we didn’t want to upset her more..” Claire stated as she rubbed one of her arms in a nervous gesture.
“Yes, but I never told Dean that I started working here… nor that I left the Omega Clinic...our conversations are very general and it's mainly just to talk to Ellie…”
“Smells great” Dean stated as he placed the large candy bag on the counter and took a seat next to Ellie. Cas quickly served everyone and as he settled down to eat, he took all it in, took in his beautiful pup’s every word as she told him about her and Dean’s adventures tonight while they had been trick or treating and all the costumes she had seen. His Alpha’s smile aimed at their daughter, the easiness between their bond, the way she looked up over at him, so eager to tell her mama all her thoughts and Castiel couldn’t stop smiling throughout their meal.
Ellen gave him a slight smirk as her dark doe eyes took him in. “No worries, just make sure to eat and enjoy the bath. Tomorrow is a new day, I’ll make sure you familiarize yourself with the Manor.”
Bela closed the distance between them and caressed his face and Dean felt nothing but guilt as he saw her tears. “I know you didn’t do this lightly or to hurt me, you wanted to save them and it’s noble… but I think you forget that you can’t save everyone. Sometimes, there is a cost that comes with it.”
“Okay, I’ll get Jody okay? You stay right here,” the redhead ordered and turned to make the call on her cell.
“One of our Eldest, Bobby, said he met a human named Rufus, a long time ago that had saved Karen from fishing nets, and he returned the favor. Karen is a giant sea turtle,” Sam supplied, as he looked over the man.
Meg, Rufus and the Harvelles had been key in helping him rehabilitate himself. He hadn’t even known how to walk or how to eat, Cars scared him and television, computers or any type of technology left him perplexed. He felt that the phrase  ‘fish out of water’ applied to him. Rufus had voiced it once and had explained it meant that it felt like he didn’t belong, that he didn’t ‘fit’, and that was exactly how Jimmy still felt after so many years. The years  had passed in the blink of an eye, too quickly for him to process, and perhaps that was why he felt so much more afraid now.
Castiel’s gaze caught his and the Alpha could see the array of emotions in those wide, expressive eyes. “Hello Dean.”
Hushed whispers spread among the people in attendance, and Dean raised his hand to gain silence. Those present from his own pack—Crowley, Benny and Sam—all shared a knowing look with Rowena and Missouri, and Dean refused to acknowledge its meaning. Bobby, Cain, Donatello and Rufus grumbled between themselves, confused as to what Rowena was insinuating. Dean rubbed his face tiredly.
Castiel made sure to focus on his weekends with Ellie and build back their relationship. Having her with him, sharing things and learning things together made him feel right in his heart. He couldn’t believe he had made such a horrific mistake in thinking he had time to catch up. She was growing so quickly, was ridiculously smart and dramatic in her ways that had him smiling and laughing more often than not at her antics. If he was meant to be without her father… he wouldn’t lose her too, he couldn’t.
Gabriel watched wide-eyed as the Cecaelia came into full view. He spotted Dean then as he came up behind Castiel and wrapped two of his tentacles gently around the Mermaid. He kissed his temple and then his mating bite that stood out proudly on the Omega’s neck. Then the Alpha swam forward. Another Cecaelia did as well, just to the side of the Warrior. The Cecaelia was smaller than the other behind them, an Omega, and was slightly glowing an amethyst color that made the water around the perimeter feel volcanic.
“You think I wanted this? I tried Cas, I tried talking to you, fighting with you, pleading with you and nothing worked! Ellie is so damn confused. She misses you and then wonders if you miss her too and it's been a crazy struggle for her for the last three years.”
“I-I need some time to myself.” She wiped a tear from her cheek and left the room, leaving Dean staring after her. Sam silently patted him on the back before he left too.
An alarming panic suddenly hit him. It was coming from his still newly forming bond with Castiel. Without a second thought, Dean bulldozed his way out of the bunker and zeroed in as quickly as he could to find Cas. He was close, and he could feel his confusion and his struggle accepting his inner wolf. Dean could also feel pain that had nothing to do with Castiel’s physical changes. His mate was wounded.
Once in the kitchen, he found one of her prepared bottles, warmed it to perfection and headed to the living room to cuddle with the pup while she suckled the milk hungrily.
Three years together. He smiled to himself as he thought about the day he met Dean. He had waltzed into his pharmacy on his bowed legs and swaggered his way up to his counter and Castiel had been struck right there and then at the man’s stunning beauty. The dazzling smile, the intense yet expressive jade green eyes… Castiel had tried his best not to let his gaze appreciate the strong wide shoulders and chest. He smiled now remembering how flustered he was when Dean had tried to flirt with him.
Renewed pain filled Dean’s heart as he missed his deceased brother. Adam would have never wanted this for his child, or Castiel, Dean was certain of it.
Benny and Charlie returned with the food and everyone settled in for the movie. Dean and Castiel occupied the large sofa, allowing Castiel to tuck his feet up on the cushions while Dean lounged with his feet on the coffee table, Charlie and Benny each claiming a sofa chair.
The Merfolk were in full cry. Disbelief and outrage swirled in the waters as the community tried to understand that one of their own, one that had been elected to protect them, had caused a war that had resulted in too many of their brothers and sisters perishing over his wounded pride and bruised ego.
“Tomorrow, you know the rules.” Castiel smiled as he watched his Alpha take their grumbling pup to get her bath while he cleaned up the dishes. He could hear Ellie giggling and talking in the bath, still fighting sleep.
Two of Dean’s tentacles came up and caressed his cheeks, letting the tiny suckers leave teasing kisses. Castiel swam into his mate’s arms, and nuzzled his chest and neck.
Castiel contemplated knocking again as a light snow started to fall when the door was suddenly yanked open; startling him. A gruff older Alpha looked at him with disdain and an unimpressed gaze.
They stayed this way for a long time, neither willing to let the other go. Castiel looked up at his lover, who caressed his face lovingly. “I never had the chance to even tell you I had caught,” Castiel whispered, as his bottom lip trembled. Dean smiled softly at him as he watched a tear slide down Castiel’s beautiful face, and he kissed him gently.
Dean could hear the rain outside. He was vaguely aware that it was morning, and the damp smell of autumn leaves accompanied by the light rainfall outside his cracked window made him want to stay in bed. He didn’t want to be awake, he didn’t want today to exist… He wanted to curl in bed and just sleep… Push away the responsibility that weighed him down, the loss of his own brother and the guilt that liked to jab at his consciousness, feeling as if he wasn’t enough, hadn’t done enough to prevent an accident that was completely out of his control, and yet he felt guilty all the same.
Was that his own name? Tears slid down his cheeks as his mind slammed shut as a wave of dizziness struck causing him to stumble backward and hit the wall between his bath and sink. He slid down, cradling his head as the memories fought against an invisible barrier to make themselves known. Helpless in the throes of it all, Jimmy blacked out.
Suddenly, a blinding light came from Castiel, making Dean’s eyes slit and turn black as he watched Castiel’s beautiful blue tail return. Scales, gills and pointed ears all returned to his true state, and then the Omega was thrashing and gasping as his eyes flew open.
Castiel frowned. Meg had never liked Dean, had never even referred to him by name and as her own personal rule, she wasn’t a fan of
Lily was growing quickly, and Castiel couldn’t get enough of witnessing all of her firsts. She was incredibly curious and didn’t fear the unknown, which meant she had to be watched carefully. Dean always made himself as available as possible to spend time with the pup. Movie nights were still Castiel’s favorite times, especially when they ended with Lily and Dean curled up asleep together.
He found himself yawning as fatigue sunk into his bones. He wasn’t sure how much time had passed since he had last heard the creature outside, but it seemed his adrenaline rush had just dropped to needing sleep. He was hungry and could feel his stomach growling, yet he knew there wasn’t anything edible and in trust, he was suddenly just too damn sleepy. Slowly he rose and went over to his clothes to turn them over before he shuffled over to the mattress. Dean laid himself down and groaned. He missed his memory foam at home…where his adorable husband was. He missed Cas like a sharp pain, and he wasn’t sure what to think of the eerie situation he was in. He wondered if Sam was worried yet that he hadn’t arrived.
“She had to settle a dispute between Virgil and Edger. Their neighborly spats are getting ridiculous,” Charlie informed him before leaving to take the clothes back to Castiel.
Silence filled the coral chamber as the other Elders, Bobby, John and Mary hummed in understanding. It had been three senescences,three mating cycles,since the Elders’ favorite Warrior had gone to find his Omega. The injustice of what had occurred still rattled them all. While interspecies mating was not generally encouraged,  and some of the Elders had not been pleased that one of their strongest and most ferocious Cecaelian Warriors had announced his mating with an Omega of the Merfolk, they had all accepted it. Dean’s joy was infectious as he spoke about  courting this Omega, proclaiming his love for this ‘Castiel’ to them, and hoped they would honor him and welcome him. None of the five Elder Cecaelias had been able to reject his happiness, and had set out to welcome the Merman into their fold.
Castiel sat numbly on his bed. He couldn’t stop touching the collar or help the small smile that graced his lips. He felt
in this too-short glimpse had left him gasping as his eyes filled with tears of sheer joy. The euphoric delight he felt gave him a pulsing and resounding ring inside, and were still sensations he couldn’t dream of putting into words. Yet, all he could truly take away from it was that Dean had been a thought, and then something about
“Castiel is a widower now. I’m sorry about your brother. Adam was well liked among our pack members and was a clear asset to this hospital. He helped us like no one ever has. While we make due with our ‘old school’ ways as he would say, we truly benefited having him here. You have my sincere condolences, Alpha Winchester.” Dean nodded his thanks to Ishim as the older Alpha continued. “However, with Castiel pregnant and now left without an Alpha, it must be terminated,” Ishim said as Dean’s vision started to tunnel, focused solely on Castiel and yes, he could see the round stomach… the Omega was clearly a few months along, how could they possibly terminate… “Castiel is now considered, how should I say, undesirable and unwanted by any Alphas or Betas in the pack, so he will become a servant to one of the higher families.”
He watched as Jody ran around him with something that looked like a tiny TV, his wondrous gaze following her as he tried to determine what the machine was.
Castiel took some time to collect his thoughts, the last few days had been difficult. He was near his due date after all, but mostly what had been keeping his mind spinning was the rage he’d felt from Dean days ago, and since then in odd intervals of guilt and annoyance. Of course he had attempted to ask the Alpha directly, but Dean had smoothly changed the subject. Castiel was upset with himself for how easily he let Dean charm him into steering the conversations to other topics.
“Hmm, definitely a Winchester if she’s this hungry right away,” Castiel joked and Dean let out a full-bodied laugh. Castiel found himself humming in happiness as their scents all mingled together in the small room, even with the scent neutralizer working overtime.
“Plus, you are about to be a father,” Bela added and Dean looked up at her fully prepared to argue, because he was not the father and— Bela huffed a laugh as she studied him. “Come on, Dean. You love kids and your claimed Omega is about to deliver the first Winchester of the next generation. It's your blood and that pup is yours. No one will stop to consider that you’re actually the uncle. You are Head Alpha and your Head Omega is having a Winchester pup and that's that.” Dean promptly shut his mouth because he knew she was right. No one would listen or care to hear that he was the baby’s uncle when Castiel belonged to him and wore his bite and collar. “That tiny pup will have you wrapped around her little finger, and you will be an amazing father, Dean.” Bela stood and made her way over to stand between his legs, gently caressing his face. “I will always love you Dean Winchester,” and she kissed him for the last time.
“I appreciate it,” Dean added. He and Bela had always been a good team when it came to dealing with pack issues or family quarrels. “You’ve always been good with the pack, they trust you and alway will. Us breaking up doesn’t change your importance around here, you know that. Hell, how many people still seek you out over coming to deal with me?” Dean tried to joke, only it fell a bit flat. He was so done with this whole process, and as greedy as it sounded, he just wanted to spend some time at home, with Castiel and Lily. He was feeling antsy and irritable, and while he was used to Bela’s sweet chocolate and raspberry scent, he and his wolf were yearning to smell sandalwood and jasmine… to smell Castiel’s soothing scent that always made him feel so
“Well look at what that kind of thinking got you?!” She countered as she huffed at him and sighed. “Cas, you are one of the most dedicated people I know. When you want something you give your all, like your career… and with Dean and Ellie… when you went after Dean you were so shy but determined because you were sure he was the one… and then you two had Ellie, and Cas… I had never seen you so happy. I don’t know and I’m not going to pretend to know what happened for you to just…” Anna couldn’t finish the words. She understood her brother’s need to prove himself in the healthcare field, she did. As an Omega herself she understood better than most, yet, she just couldn’t understand how he had let his marriage to the Alpha of his dreams to crumble this way. “Look,”
Castiel looked up at him. His eyes kept switching from cerulean blue to gold and back again as Dean reached for him.
“Yes. My rider, Michael, was my bonded human. He was the one that praised me and rewarded me when I destroyed our opponents and our enemies,” Dean replied. He suddenly felt so odd discussing Michael. The human’s presence was a large void, and while he hated the silence, Dean didn’t feel as scared as he had when the bond had been severed.
“Jimmy! You’re burning up! Let’s go.” Meg pulled at him to exit the shop. Mating season was still three weeks away, and she hadn’t even started to feel the symptoms, while Jimmy seemed to be going through them full-force as a mated Omega. It was a fierce, early heat, but she couldn’t understand what was causing it.
“Dean…” Sam sat across from his brother, bubbling with an array of questions. The Head Alpha looked exhausted and smelled of stress and something else he couldn’t place, which only prompted the younger Winchester to push on with his questions. “Your texts didn’t make any sense, you come back with Adam’s widower, and I just saw you scent mark him? Dean what the hell is going on?”
Castiel looked up at the darkening skies. Warring emotions within him, fear and thrill coursed through him as he watched mother nature flex.. There was such beauty and destruction in nature’s wrath.. He sighed as the rain started and he slipped back into the rented vacation room they shared. The rain came down in thundering sheets within seconds. This was supposed to be their first vacation, their time together in the sun to just be and enjoy each other.
“And you have been struggling this whole time and said nothing? You haven’t even tried to spend time with Cas yourself.”
“Hey! I’ve been calling you. The antique shop owner called me. She said Jimmy fainted out front of her shop, and some man came and took him with you,” Jo quickly stated as she reached her.
“Just two nights. I’ve never seen anyone, or anything, heal at such a rapid pace, blood magic or not,” Castiel stated.
Castiel smiled and framed the Alpha’s face with his hands, kissing him sweetly. “I want this, I want us.” Dean smiled at his reply, green eyes filled with adoration. Lust swirled in the emerald depths, and a thin ring of Alpha red had started to appear.
The Head Alpha nodded. “Yeah, it’s why I’ll need your help. I wanna make sure he’s at least physically alright, and the pup too. He has a few bruises that I saw and his left arm is in a cast.”
“No?” Dean looked at him wide eyed, his scent turned sour and bold as his anger seeped into his voice.
When Dean’s eyes returned to focus upon Castiel, he found the Omega gazing at him with fondness and curiosity. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to stare,” Castiel voiced as he blushed and looked away. The Alpha found himself smirking. The Omega blushing was completely endearing. “I, um, I know you must have been through quite an ordeal. Your scars…some fresh…the cuffs. You don’t have to speak of them if you don’t wish to. Just know you can tell me anything. May I just ask if you are indeed a rogue? Your wolf doesn’t seem to be in rage.”
Dean fixed the earmuffs over his ears, which were already red from the cold. “Yeah, the guide said it's a small town in Krasnoyarsk Krai. It’s across a river, Chul-something…” He grumbled as Pam moved passed him towards the car. The whole airway was covered in a white blanket of snow. Dean couldn’t remember ever being this damn cold.
Dean hesitated to say anything. Bela’s scent was filled with hurt and sadness and his normal response would be to take her in his arms and remind her that she had nothing to be so insecure about. Yet he didn’t move, his wolf felt utterly indifferent and he was devastated by his internal truth. He looked up at her, green eyes wide with regret as tears spilled down Bela’s cheeks. “Bel—”
“Beta Naomi, I’m Beta Crowley, this is Alpha Benjamin and Omega Pamela, we are Alpha Winchester’s colleagues. Pity to meet at such a horrible time. However, if you could show us to Adam Winchester’s body?”
Dean’s eyes widened as the shock hit him, and he couldn’t find the right words. This beautiful and gentle Omega was the Head Omega…and his true mate. He was in awe.
Dean’s brows rose. If Sam and Benny were in agreement about this, Dean knew he hadn’t been doing a good job at hiding his growing feelings for Castiel.
Dean nodded, wordlessly showing he understood what Benny was saying, and returned into the room. “I’d like a moment with Castiel. Alone,” he announced, which gained him arched brows from the four Styne Pack members.
“Me too... “ he admitted, and then Dean’s eyes turned Alpha red as Castiel felt his own eyes turning Omega gold. Their wolves were responding strongly to the new intimacy and had clearly acknowledged their new mate. “Dean…” Castiel could feel his heart thundering and his whole body was suddenly boiling. He could feel slick start to ease from his hole, his scent potent in the air between them and Dean groaned.
Bela was the one to answer him as she joined them in the kitchen. “There’s nothing expected of you. It’s simply a time to take in the harsh reality, to give way to your grief and release it, mourn as you should… as you need. Dean and I, along with every pack member, will be there to support and honor Adam in passing.”
Sam passes Castiel a beer. The fallen angel takes it, but doesn’t open it. Castiel has stopped writing. He is glaring at the table like if he stares at it long enough the grain of the wood will tell him the answer to all of their questions.
,” Uriel says the word like it leaves a bad taste in his mouth, “contaminates this sanctuary our Father created for us. We’re here to remedy that.”
“Look Dean, it doesn’t sound like it’s going to matter if we ever get ready to fight her if she manages to raise the lords of Hell. These people are her key to doing it. If we take that away, it at least buys us some more time.”
He’s standing in the aisle, looking up at Dean and Castiel, holding a bag of what appears to be rice.
Jophiel sighs, “Jack is neither pumpkin nor man. He’s the spirit of what was once a man, and he’s your only shot at achieving your goal.”
Dean shifts under him, jostled by Castiel’s sudden movements. The former angel stills long enough for the hunter to settle back in, his breathing deep and steady. The last thing he remembers is them talking late into the night. They must have fallen sleep before they could make it back to their respective rooms. Castiel’s arm is wrapped around Dean’s waist, his head resting close to the hunter’s shoulder. Dean has one arm slung around him, his head turned so that every breath he lets out ghosts through Castiel’s hair. He glances up at Dean and notices that the green button up shirt the hunter had been wearing over his black T-shirt is now balled up behind Dean’s head. He must have woke up long enough to do that during the night.
Taking in his surroundings, Castiel gets the vague impression that he’s in some kind of room. He can’t see the ceiling or the walls, the space cavernous, but he feels confined here, no matter how much space there is. While it’s not pitch black, the area he’s in is far from well lit. Off in the distance, Castiel can see the dim glow of light. He moves towards it and finds it's emanating from a tight corridor. Castiel starts down it, the white surrounding him. By all rights, Dean shouldn’t be too far off, but Castiel moves with caution.
Dean imagines if Castiel was still at full charge, he would be able last all night if he wanted. As it is, he’s more human now than angel and, most importantly, all virgin. He doesn’t last long. Dean steadies him as he flies apart, shuddering and gasping for air. Once the aftershocks subside, Castiel pulls out, and Dean gathers his angel to him, laying him down next to him.
Charles sighs, “Once news gets out that we escaped, we believe Metatron will push his plans forward.”
When Jack grows tired of trick-or-treating, they head back into the center of town to check out the festivities going on there, and to met up with Sam and Gabriel. Jack stands between Dean and Castiel, holding both of their hands while Dean carries his loaded down bucket. Dean is taken aback by the domesticity of it all, even if they are escorting a costumed spirit instead of an actual kid. They find Sam and Gabriel buying hot chocolate near the center of town.
“Ugh, no. At least this one is entertaining on occasion. I perish the thought of what you’d come up with after this human experiment of yours.”
“All I can give you is my word that our intentions are just,” Castiel says, sitting straighter, “We want only to defend humanity from those who would seek to destroy it.”
“I can’t decide if I want a bacon cheeseburger or a double-decker BLT," Dean says, pausing to look over his menu at Castiel, "Dude, they even put bacon on the Reuben.”
That perks Dean up, even as his stomach drops. He looks at his watch. It’s just after 9:00 a.m. Castiel brought Dean coffee and a couple donuts. If he wasn’t kind of a little bit in love with the guy before now, he definitely is when he sees breakfast ready and waiting for him. He scarfs it down, sending Sam a text to let him know what’s going on. The minutes pass too quick for Dean’s tastes. After a trip to the bathroom and the rest of the time spent sitting with Castiel as more passengers trickle in, the next thing he knows they’re standing in line waiting to hand over their tickets to board.
Castiel shrugs. Dean rolls his eyes, rooting around in his bag to find the iPod Sam had given him for Christmas last year. Dean hadn’t liked the thing at first, but even he had to admit that being able to carry around so much music in such a small package was awesome. Digging out his ear buds, Dean gets up, scrolling through different artists as he sits next to Castiel. Without looking at him, Dean holds one of the ear buds out to Castiel, having to shake his hand a bit to prompt the guy to take it from him.
Sam looks up. Death is gone. He must have disappeared sometime during their reunion. He had wanted to say thanks, though Sam would never be able to find the right words to express his gratitude. Death wouldn’t care either way.
Some of the people grumble but, for the most part, the human souls react like the well trained workforce they’ve been turned into. They start their journeys towards their respective stations, the souls forming almost straight lines in a matter of seconds.
“Rufus lives about five miles that way with Aretha.” Bobby says, pointing further up the gravel road leading away from the Roadhouse, “Thought she’d have better taste. And your mom and dad, they got a place over yonder.”
Castiel gives one last enthusiastic suck, eliciting a string of curses from Dean. It’s meant to be a reminder of who’s in charge here, and Dean can roll with that since the angel withdraws only to reposition himself on his knees between Dean’s legs. He scoots closer to Castiel, an open invitation to get on with it already.
“Well, not the mental breakdown thing or whatever the hell is going on in my head right now, but this right here?” Dean says, squeezing Castiel as he nuzzles his nose against Castiel’s jawline, “Yeah, it’s nice.”
He already feels tired. Just sitting up and eating is exhausting. Not that he feels it in his body. It’s weird. Physically, Dean is fine. Any cuts, bruises, sore muscles, or unexplained aches he had just after things went down are either healed over or almost there. Whatever this exhaustion is, it’s in his head. Well, not in his head. He guesses it’s in his soul. Dean doesn’t know what you do to treat a depleted soul, but he figures they’re doing what they can. He’d be dead by now if it wasn’t at least maintaining, if not slowly getting stronger.
Dean puts his hands on Castiel’s hips, pulling him flush against him. While Dean had been fighting with his clothes, Castiel had removed the rest of his, leaving only his boxers and his socks on. Dean kisses him. The heat’s gone, their movements slower and softer. Dean shivers, caught between the cool black tile against his back and the warmth of Castiel’s skin as he brushes against him. Dean kicks his boots off, Castiel taking care of his jeans. He gasps, losing all train of thought when Castiel’s fingers graze across his dick through the fabric of his underwear. Castiel grins at him, letting Dean shimmy out of his jeans. He tosses them out of the way with one foot before Dean allows himself to be pulled back in.
The initial frenzy subsides as they slow down, deepening the kiss. His hand comes up to cup Dean’s cheek and is not surprised when he finds it wet. Somehow, Castiel has managed to do the same even though, as an angel, he shouldn’t be capable of tears. But, as always, when it comes to Dean Winchester, nothing is completely out of the question.
“Dean, that --” Sam stops, eyes tearing up and Dean is seriously about to walk over and smack him, “That happened 30 years ago.”
“You take off your shirt and your pants and your underwear and you just… You just run around out in public.”
Crowley makes his way out of the factory and slips out the door onto the street, pulling his collar up against a sudden burst of cold wind. A line of dark clouds drift closer, the rumble of thunder sounding off in the distance. A storm is rolling in. It takes him less than a second to realize that there are three demons tailing him. Abaddon isn’t half as dimwitted as he could hope for, but Crowley isn’t put out at the thought of a challenge.
He takes a seat next to Sam, angel tablet and notebook in hand. Crowley and Kevin glare at each other for a moment in what is fast becoming their normal greeting, before returning to their respective projects and leaving the Winchesters to duke it out amongst themselves.
“You are what is keeping Castiel from falling apart. When he fell, that bit of grace he left in you reached out to help. It still recognizes Castiel.”
His vision blurs. Dean can see Sam, but his little brother’s features are bleeding into each other. He tries to answer Sam, but words won’t come. Nothing comes to him. Dean closes his eyes, the blankness finally taking over, Sam screaming his name is the last thing he hears.
Sam half expects to walk in on a full blown fight, and is surprised to find the exact opposite. Crowley is still going over his crossword and Kevin is writing something in his notebook, both finishing off a piece of pizza. Castiel sits next to Crowley, examining one of the four boxes, apparently trying to decide which one he wants.
It all looks so different to him as a human. He talks to the locals whenever he can. He meets people in diners, parks, and road side attractions as he drifts through the different cities and towns, listening to their stories. Some of them have lost loved ones. Some are working multiple jobs trying to make it. Some are simply lonely in a world filled to bursting with people, but they still keep trying. All of them keep trying. He marvels at how resilient they all are.
Wrapping his arms around Castiel once again, Dean keeps his eyes trained skyward, “Did you ever see me looking up at you, Cas?”
Bobby nudges Rufus. Holding up his other hand in surrender, Bobby stoops down to place the tool on the ground. Rufus does the same. He doesn't know what kind of damage an angel blade could do to a human soul, but he is willing to bet it wouldn’t be pretty. The two men grab them by their shirts, dragging them back down the hall the way they came, the points of the blades digging into their backs. One of them opens a door, pushing both Bobby and Rufus through. The two hunters stumble as the door slams shut behind them. Bobby scrambles for the door, trying to get it open even as he hears the lock slide into place.
Dean looks between the two of them. Sam groans inwardly as he watches as his older brother shifts from confused to pissed, “You helped him?”
His voice echos through the church, falling away into the shadows as it disappears up in the dark of the rafters. Dean’s eyes widen in shock, but Castiel can’t be bothered to care. He leans toward Dean, gripping the white fabric covering the altar.
“I can sense some of what is happening to you. As I’m sure you’re aware by now, the angels that fell retained some of their former abilities. A higher ranking angel’s grace is more powerful than others. Though still greatly limited, they retain more of their abilities than the others.”
Sam hears the battle raging a few streets away. He’d sent Crowley as a diversion, leaving Sam and a smaller group of hunters and angels a clear path to make their way towards the Eaton public library. It's not an impressive building, especially considering what's hiding inside. If there wasn’t a sign outside of it, you might not know the place was a library. The building is a simple, yellow brick rectangle of a structure with a park situated next to it. Everything is still. The streets surrounding it are empty, just like they were when they'd arrived here a couple of hours earlier to prepare for Abaddon.
“I wanted you to live your life,” Castiel says, raising his voice to stop Dean, “To live a life. The life you wanted. You gave so much Dean. You deserved the chance to live life on your own terms.”
“I thought about it,” Kevin sighs, “Actually, I was almost out the door when all these alarms started going off and red dots started popping up all over the map.”
“Dean, why -” Sam starts, but is interrupted by his cell phone ringing. He digs it out of his jacket pocket.
Sam breaks, hiding behind his hand. Dean wishes he could comfort his brother, but he knows he can’t.
“Well yeah, things were great a lot of the time, but it’s just like anything else. Sometimes there's crap you’ve got to deal with and you’ve got to do the work. Is Cass worth it?”
In hindsight, maybe Dean should have taken the bottles away from Castiel at that point. In his defense, however, the angel didn’t seem to be feeling it at all. He was every bit his normal, “I don’t understand your reference,” stiff as an angel-statue self. Still, one could argue that the blame could be put on Dean.
The next chapter is pretty Dean and Castiel-centric and a bit longer than usual I think, so we're checking in with a few of our other boys for this one. Thanks to everyone who has kudo'd, subscribed, or simply taken the time to read. You're all awesome!
He had tried asking his mother and she had told him that his sisters were working to help the family and that eventually, Castiel’s time would come too. A frightening chill had slid down Castiel’s spine at her words, terrifying him to the core at the implications, loathing the day it would happen and finally, it had.
Dean growled as his blood red eyes looked over the ones behind Michael. He could see their convictions starting to waiver as they looked at him, fear evident on their faces.
“I was told her eyes wouldn’t take on their permanent color for a few weeks,” the Alpha hummed, and Castiel found himself unable to look away from her. She was breathtaking, so small and yet the biggest part of his life. He buried his nose in her thin hair and breathed in her intoxicating scent, and his wolf howled in sheer joy of having their little one alive and well in his arms. His future was snuggled tightly against him, and the man that would father her sat next to him radiating content pride.
Dean growled as he took in a deep breath. Sam how no idea how mating season felt when you were mated to an Omega. It was a primal need to  copulate, breed, and quite honestly, for the Alphas to ravish their Omegas, cherish them, and give them pleasure while hoping their mate would catch and lay their eggs.
“We have to go into the ocean. Recharge the glamour spell,” Sam voiced, as Dean pressed his watch to stop the annoying sound.
Castiel carefully took his left hand in his two. “I won’t pretend to know what your past holds, but I can promise you that you will never be alone again.”
As he came closer to the shore, Dean took a moment to rub himself into the sand dunes that started to rise towards the beaches. He buried himself and stretched his limbs, his tentacles trembling with need for it. The magic confined his true form, and it was extremely uncomfortable when he neared the hundredth hour. He wiggled around in the sand, loving how the rough grains rubbed and took care of any itches and polished his garnet-red tentacles.
As they sank into the bed, the urgency diminished and was replaced by a leisurely warmth between them as Castiel’s pajama top was slowly unbuttoned. Dean smiled into their kiss and started to nip and kiss at the Omega’s jaw, slowly making his way down his neck and spending extra time against Castiel’s mating gland, which made him whimper beneath the Alpha. Hands explored each other and Castiel hummed happily once he was rid of his top, and he eagerly touched and caressed the Alpha’s toned chest. He felt bold as Dean groaned, and listening to his instincts he started to pepper the Alpha’s chest with kisses. Dean pulled him back swiftly, kissing him deeply as he ravaged Castiel’s mouth in a maddeningly slow and torturous dance.
Dean unleashed an onslaught of flames. The scent of burnt flesh and the screams of the soldiers rang in his ears as he flew over them. He flapped his massive leathery wings as he aimed at the hopeful rival army struggling to overcome the soldiers Dean belonged with, and ignited them. Dean roared as he took to the skies over the battlefield. His brother Sam was taking care of the far left of the enemy soldiers, making them meet a wall of Dragon fire.
Jo growled as she watched this child of an Omega caressed the Alpha she still loved. She wanted him to stop touching him. “I bet you’re disappointed, no money for you,” she couldn’t stop herself from interjecting, hating how completely out of control she felt.
Dean? Did that mean he had a lover before he washed ashore? Who was he? What did they have? Was he the one with the green eyes? The smile? The flashback had supplied him with minimal visuals, yet those lips...he was sure those were the ones he had turned to kiss, and that those were the ones mouthing his shoulder and neck. Where was ‘Dean’? Was he looking for him?
The resounding howls were deafening. Castiel smiled at the beaming Alpha and his heart soared as he watched Dean embrace Lily.
“I um, I met someone. I'd like your blessing, Head Alpha,” she said with a rueful smile that made Dean laugh out loud.
“We’ve been looking forward to this meeting since the Warrior Hunts three senescences ago,” John stated as he looked over the Mermaid. Castiel tried his best not to feel intimidated. He was relatively small already as an Omega, but next to so many Cecaelia, he was tiny. Mary’s tentacles were a warm seaweed green, while John had a darker maroon red that was close to Dean’s own crimson.
Castiel sighed into the kiss, losing himself and forgetting the stress of the situation, as he let himself be consumed by Dean’s taste. Enjoying the feeling of his lush lips against his own. Dean caressed his cheek, the gentle touch never ceased to send shivers of joy throughout his body.
“Did you want to know your pup’s gender?” Jody asked quietly after some silent moments watching the male Omega’s gaze in awe at the screen. She noted the tears and it made her heart ache for him. This was clearly an overwhelming moment.
This was becoming the new normal. Fighting, arguing or barely talking, and it was irritating Dean and his wolf to no end. This wasn’t how it was supposed to be, not between them, not after everything… and yet, no matter how much Dean tried and told himself things would get better, it didn’t seem to go that way at all.
The stories twisted from there. Some believed that Asa had kidnapped Anna, while others depicted a story of forbidden love where Asa and Anna had planned to run away, since neither kin had been welcoming to the interspecies union. War erupted, Anna had been killed in the midst of it all, and Asa had been accused of her murder. Before the Cecaelia could  intervene, the Merfolk had killed Asa in an ambush. The war was assured, yet Zachariah had never been found. The war ended when it became clear that it was senseless, as the Merfolk sent out young and inexperienced sentries that could barely hold their spears. Cecaelia were indeed monsters of the deep sea, but not heartless ones. The war had ended as abruptly as it had started.
As the word ‘mate’ slipped passed those flush pink lips, a resounding hum, excited and howling, came from within Dean. His wolf was overjoyed, and damn well dancing as it confirmed all of those happy feelings and sensations since he had woken up.
The Omega held up her hand to stop him from speaking. “I love you Dean, I have for a long time. And while part of me is still… hurt from you claiming him, I know you didn’t do it to hurt me, that’s just not who you are. You want to save everyone, but you always forget about yourself. Part of me had always hoped that you would be selfish enough to put me… to put us first, but you don’t work that way… Maybe one day you will, but it's clear it won’t be with me,” she told him, her voice soft yet firm.
“You should make sure he’s comfortable. He won't be going anywhere for quite some time. You should be grateful that I’m letting you see him at all,” Dr. Hess informed them, and turned on her heels. Two hunters loyal to her stood guard at the door.
“Cas?” Anna came back towards him and as soon as she saw his tears, she took him back in her arms as Castiel cried against her.
No. Dean hated the stench of the dying. He hated when he would notice the forms of children left in the ashes that his flames dealt out. He was scared of death- not his own, but the ones he cared about, like his brother kin Sam. Yet war had always been what he was made for; what he had been raised and hatched from his shell for. He had never even fathomed some other kind of life for himself. He was a warrior and a hunter, a Dragon. Blood and fire.
Dean felt Castiel lace their fingers together and warmth bloomed in his heart. Bela was a solid and secure presence beside him. He felt the strength of both Omegas as they held onto him and Dean was in awe of them. Pride filled him as a possessive and protective roar sounded within him. They were his, and despite whatever rumors came after Castiel displayed Dean’s bite and wore his collar tonight, Bela was his equal, wore his collar too and was the Head Omega. Her strength was like no other, while Castiel was quickly becoming Dean’s calming point. With both of them by his side, Dean dared to be hopeful for the future as he felt the last essence of Adam depart with the embers that burned brightly in the darkness. His aloe and pine scent swirled around Dean in a loving brotherly caress of goodbye and Dean smiled despite the pain in his heart.
The snow had stopped falling some time ago, yet his common boots and modest coat barely kept the Omega warm as he shivered with every step; the piercing chill of the winter evening sank into his bones. The carriage had only brought him to the edge of the hill side, forcing Castiel to trek the rest of his destination on foot, holding onto his lone suitcase that carried his worldly possessions. The three day trip had been long and exhausting and all he hoped for was a warm place to sleep. Though the fear of the unknown kept him alert and bright eyed. The surrounding forest gave way to eerie shadows. One’s imagination liked to tease with fearful phantoms as the lit torches kept the idea of safety to nothing but a faint idea. He pushed himself to quicken his pace as the large manor’s wide doors beckoned.
“She’s already a celebrity and she hasn’t even opened her eyes for me yet…” Castiel mumbled as the Alpha happily watched Lily yawn and settle against Castiel’s skin.
Castiel hurried towards the kitchen and noticed a dim lamp was on in the living room where they had movie nights. What he saw melted him to the core. Lily adored Dean… the large Alpha was the only other person she would allow to hold her and Castiel found it sweet, but he hadn’t fully realized just how much the pup and Alpha were bonding. Castiel moved quietly as he took in the scene before him, letting himself hold on to this moment, reveling in just how much Dean took being Lily's Alpha to heart. The rumors were mostly false in the sense of how they had come to belong to Dean, but there was no denying how much Dean loved Lily and stepped in as her father. It filled Castiel with a tremendous sense of relief, and he knew he would never have to worry about anything with Dean here. As long as Dean was his and Lily’s Alpha, Castiel felt secure in a way he hadn’t fully understood until Lily was born.
“Well, it depends on who you ask. Some refer to our ancestors as followers of a goddess. Others think of us as earth creatures such as nymphs, since our gifts, our magic, mainly comes from our sacred tree.”
Castiel woke with a start and sat straight up in his bed. His heart was pounding and a light sweat covered his whole body as the remnants of his erotic dream still clung to his consciousness.
As soon as Castiel walked into the clinic, Meg came towards him with a bright smile. She had been greeting him this way for the last several weeks and he felt like a broken baby bird every time she wrapped her arm around him to usher him into his office.
Balthazar was the medical receptionist for the clinic. Also an Omega and a vivacious one who  could get Castiel to blush at some of the outlandish things the English man teased him about. He was incredibly efficient with a neat and straight forward hand script and a no nonsense aura about him that patients either loved or hated.
Castiel moved to take Jack. “I got him, sweetheart,” Dean assured him, and Jack was already climbing up onto Dean’s chest to nap which made the Alpha snort and Castiel smile. Jack loved his daddy for nap time.
A part of him wondered what his sisters would say if they knew he had already failed once without so much as a look. Anna was only a year older than him and yet, the two barely had a friendship. They were accustomed to sharing their belongings with their simple means, yet Anna was never satisfied with any of it and somehow, she always blamed Castiel. Their older sister Rachel was always solem and cold, Castiel had only ever heard her speak a handful of times…their Alpha father had made an example out of her by physical disciplinary actions that had forever terrorized Castiel. His father had always been a man with two faces… the one he showed the civilized society of their small city and the one his family feared with a crippling dread. Somehow their mother did counter him and sassed him even when she too would be struck into silence, she always found a way to fight back.
Dean took to the skies and pivoted toward the weapons. Michael was screaming at him on his back to pull back from his position, but Dean wouldn’t listen. They had killed Sam! They had to die. He lit them and barreled through the wooden wagons, fury burning bright in his huge reptilian eyes as he destroyed them. He even sank his teeth into three soldiers as he went.
“Is that the reason you took me in? Despite the threat I clearly pose to your Keep, wherever this is, you wanted to study me while not knowing quite what I was?” Dean asked, a bit amused with the Healer.
The Omega attempted to get to his feet only for another burst pain to shoot through him… Lily… Lily was coming and tears flooded Castiel’s eyes as his water broke and he felt it soaking his sweatpants. Where was the wolf? He gasped for breath, but he couldn’t cry out as another contraction hit him full force and he fell forward, grasping the grass with one hand as he caressed his stomach pleadingly. “Not now, wait… wait…” He tried to suck in small breaths as the pain racked through him, whimpering loudly when he realized the wolf was so close, and fear gripped Castiel as black spots flooded his vision.
Charles looked up at Castiel, his eyes sad and worrisome as another Cecaelia came to secure Naomi and Hester. Naomi struggled, while Hester was still in a weakened state and barely registered what was happening. “What happens now? We only wish to live peacefully,safely,” Charles spoke up.
Cain sighed. Despite the sweet name, Buttercup was a pretty aggressive horse. Which was why Castiel stayed away from the Haflinger, and whenever he was out, Hercules, Galaxy and Wizard tended to shelter Castiel with their bodies to keep the wrathful horse away from him. “He’s in his stall. He bit Doc Donatello during his check up.” The Alpha looked worried.
Dean took a deep breath as he motioned for her to sit down with him on their large bed. “Look, the trip didn’t exactly go as planned.”
Dean was taking Ellie trick or treating. A piercing pain made him flinch as he realized he had forgotten what Ellie had chosen to be. He knew it was some kind of Pokemon, he just couldn't seem to be able to put the name to the particular creature she was fond of. The Omega was sure that his Alpha would also be dressed up. Dean always wore whatever costume their pup asked him to wear. He remembered last year, it was one of the Halloweens Castiel had actually been home for but only because he himself had had the flu. Ellie had chosen to be Princess Elsa and had asked that her daddy be Oloff. Castiel smirked as he remembered his strong Alpha husband dressed as a goofy looking snowman. Dean had had no qualms about being dressed as such if it made their pup happy. Ellie had her daddy completely wrapped around her tiny finger and it always filled Castiel with a powerful bloom of love for his Alpha.
Castiel knew she had meant it in a light and accepting way, but it only made him feel guilty. Charlie seemed to sense it.
“Move, Michael! Your brother has been infected with something! He’s a danger to us all!” Raphael yelled, as he aimed his gun towards Castiel.
“I’m not quite sure,” he stated honestly. He didn’t feel wrong, nor frustrated or irritated as he normally did. He always felt restless, needing to do something in order to get that calm that he was now somehow feeling, without having-
“You must be the homewrecker,” She found herself growling out as she stayed across the room, almost crowding the far corner as if to help her from physically lashing out. She hated this, hated that after four years, she still felt desperate for Dean and so hateful towards the younger Omega.
“Hey Dean, I— Dean?” Sam and Bela walked into the office, completely unaware of Dean’s sadness until both of their noses wrinkled at the horrible stench of distressed Alpha.
“Okay, I can’t wait to give my blessing,” Dean teased and that’s when Benny and Ketch came towards them. When Benny came to stand to his left and Ketch came to stand next to Bela, who then laced their fingers together, Dean was shocked. “Wh- Seriously?” He wasn’t upset at all, but he was definitely surprised. Ketch was one of Dean’s most loyal park members and a hell of a guard… He supposed it made sense. A strong Omega like Bela needed a strong Alpha in turn, who would challenge her and protect her like she would him.
“Great. I’m going to bed,” Dean grumbled as he turned to the stairs. He wasn’t sure they would actually drop the subject but at the very least, for tonight, it was done. He just wanted to sleep and try to convince himself that Adam being gone wasn’t his fault… even though he damn well felt like it was.
Dean stood from the bed and glared out the window while he made his way to the bathroom. Dusk settled over the sky in dark blues and yellows, much too beautiful for such a melancholy moment.
“Dean brotha, this is a small village with some orthodox traditions and strict cultural beliefs. Now while back home we make sure to take care of our widows and widowers, we have no idea what they will do with Adam’s mate. Hell, I’m a bit surprised they agreed to let you come collect the body,” Benny went on.
The strong scent of Omegas in heat was swirling in the waters. Castiel, Rowena and Mary, who was behind John with two of their tentacles intertwined, were all flushed, and seemed a bit dazed during the interval. It caused all five Alphas present to be a bit aggressive, yet they each held themselves back. Dean was vibrating in place while Castiel caressed his arm to soothe him.
Charlie placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed lightly. “Just, you know, when you're ready. Dean may surprise you.”
“Michael has issued an ‘engin áskorun um vopnapakka,’” Crowley informed him smoothly, which made Dean stop moving all together. He looked at the short Beta and gestured for him to continue, while Bela murmured behind him that she had no idea and wasn’t part of this. “He filled with the Elders and is making it an official challenge.”
Just moments ago, everything had been right in his world. Dean was the Head Alpha of the prominent and extremely successful pack in peaceful Germantown, Ohio. The Winchester Pack was one of the largest and most respected packs in the wolf communities. Dean had worked hard to be a good Alpha, he was fierce and powerful when needed, yet he stayed humble, knowing family was everything. And he, Alpha Dean Winchester, did everything for family, for pack. Dean was engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Bela Talbot. Many of the pack members viewed the beautiful Omega as their Head Omega, balancing Dean out. Dean was the natural-born Alpha, as the eldest of three. Sam was the second oldest, and then there was their baby brother Adam. Oddly enough, and always amusing to Dean, both of his little brothers had gone on to be amazing physicians, both extremely respected, and while Sam had stayed here within Dean’s pack to work his practice and be Dean’s official pack doctor, Adam had decided he wanted to explore. Adam had quickly joined the honorable Doctors Without Borders and had traveled, seen and saved countless lives. Dean had never been more proud of him, but they only got to speak once in a while via video chats.
“I love it, thank you.” Castiel beamed and turned back to the room as Pamela and Charlie shot Dean amused looks as they inspected the room.
Karen was a giant sea turtle, and the Cecaelia Elder Counsel’s official messenger. Regardless of her title, she was a highly respected member of the Cecaelia clan, dependable and truthful.
“Dean is my ex husband, Ellie is our daughter and I wasn’t expecting to see him right now and-” The words tumbled out of his mouth and if he wasn’t in such a state himself, Kevin’s wide eyed and slacked jaw reaction would be comical. Jody only arched a brow and Castiel sighed.
He caressed his growing baby bump as a smile graced his lips, and he looked up to find Charlie looking at him.
The Alpha followed Bela out of the bathroom to come face to face with Benny and Crowley. “What’s going on?”
“Come on Cas, let’s go put your things away and decide what to wear tonight,” Charlie said as she pulled the still awed Omega from the kitchen. Crowley closed his briefcase and silently left with Pamela in tow.
He let himself indulge in the thought, as there was no one around while he watched his Alpha play with Lily… He couldn’t stop himself from wondering what it would be like to kiss those bowed lips, to have those majestic green eyes look at him filled with lust, to be taken care of by Dean on a much more intimate level. He felt flushed from just a few innocent thoughts, and pressed the cool glass against his cheeks to cool down.
Jimmy closed his eyes as he took in the sea salt, sand, and the scent of the glowing wood in the pit.
“One of your Cecaelia Warriors kidnapped--” Charles started as he frowned. He then saw the glow in Dean’s eyes intensify, and he stopped his reply. The Alpha Merman looked over the whole of the colony gathered and looking to him for strength and assurance. He then gazed over at Zachariah and Naomi before his eyes trailed over Castiel, and then settled on the massive Cecaelia before him. “I'd like to know the truth. I feel we all deserve to know why our species tried to destroy each other, and too many lost their lives.” Confusion was quite clear among the Merfolk. The stories of the wars had been instilled into all Merfolk since they took their first swim. Cecaelia Monsters had taken an Omega from the south clan, who was meant to mate with one of their Alphas of the north clan to unite them. A tragic story of an Omega taken away from her intended. Now, with the very monsters surrounding them, their apparent Warrior leader mated to one of their very own Omega Mermaids…it left a multitude of questions among the people in attendance.
“Get to the point,” Dean interrupted as he watched both Omegas eyeing the prestigious collar on the counter.
“Dean! Sam!” An older blonde haired Cecaelia rushed towards them and took the brothers into a hug, their tentacles all intertwined except for the lone tentacle that Dean kept wrapped around Castiel's waist.
Castiel looked up at his Alpha and sure enough, Dean wore a red and white baseball cap, blue jeans with a blue vest and with green gloves looking very much like the character Ash. He laughed a bit as his husband was always willing and ready to dress up in any get up their daughter asked for. It filled him with love for his Alpha and guilt nipped at him. He hated when they fought and it hurt how much the distance between them seemed to only grow in the last few years. He hated it.
Then a few months ago, he had wandered near this pack. The stench of the marked territories had made him steer clear, and he had made sure to trek away from the pack. He had found a cozy cove in the depths of the forest and had hunkered down for the night, only to be jolted awake as six Alphas grabbed him and took him to this hell hole of a pack, run by a deranged Head Omega named Abaddon. Dean had passed through and around other more ‘savage’ packs, yet even those Omega Leaders had been sensible and weren’t out just to take and destroy. Abaddon, on the other hand, well, Dean quickly found out how vile she was. She enjoyed having Alphas fight for the ‘honor’ of bedding her. She enjoyed having Alphas fight for the simple chance to breathe another day. And she most definitely enjoyed having multiple Alphas beat down a new arrival until he or she submitted to Abaddon’s rule.
Dean licked his lips and sighed. He looked at her, studied her for a few moments. She was dressed in jeans and a pink tank top, strands of her honey-blond hair fell loosely from her ponytail to frame her femine face, while her large doe-eyes regarded him warily.
. The sandstone Omega remembered how Castiel had been arguing with their older siblings Luc, Raphael, and Michael. They had wanted Castiel to take part in the mating season, being that he was of prime mating age, yet Castiel had expressed that he didn’t find any of the Alphas in their clan ‘acceptable’. That choice word had resulted in many ill feelings towards Castiel from the clan’s Alphas. Castiel was considered quite the catch. He had a beautiful, vividly colored tail, was spirited and had many talents, and was a natural nurturer. Voicing his disinterest in any of the available Alphas had damaged his reputation. Gabriel had witnessed him more times than not, rebuffing hopeful Alphas and their advances. Then Castiel had taken off after their siblings had threatened Castiel with their heated words.
He had started t collecting pillows and blankets, and had built some kind of nest on his bed. He kept masturbating in his bathtub, only to feel lonely and unsatisfied during and after. Jimmy had never felt aroused in the years before. The memory of his lover having him kept replaying in his mind, and even though he couldn’t remember their other times, he knew there had to have been many more.  The sensations and the feelings that soared inside of him at the thought of a mere kiss from Dean made him feel as if he was mourning something that was meant only for him.
“You know, most of us are waiting to see how long it will take for you two to officially get together, make that bite mark and collar around your neck be more than just ‘on paper.’ I think Crowley even has a bet going with Benny,” Pam remarked as she looked through her bags.
“Hey Castiel,” Dean started after a moment. He slowly made his way towards the Omega and sat in the chair next to his bed.
Of course, Dean being the Alpha he was, he had attempted to escape, many times over, and no matter how many beatings or death fights the Head Omega Abaddon made him go through, Dean was nothing if not a stubborn bastard. The fact that he was a rogue wolf did help in making others wary of him, and unless Abaddon ordered it, they would more or less leave him alone. Then one day, while he had been cleaning the pig pen, he was taken to be whipped again and in his next breath, Abaddon had secured a silver cuff around his neck and his wrists. They had been magically infused, etched with sigils that would make the cuffs impossible for Dean to break even with his brute strength. Abaddon had quickly and quite lividly figured out that her scent had no effect on Dean besides making him want to wrinkle his nose in disgust. She smelled evil, and he couldn’t take it. He had no idea how else to describe the stench. So the collar and the cuffs would make him submit…somewhat.
“I’m Pikachu mama! Daddy is Ash!” Ellie explained proudly as she ran back towards her father who was holding her rather large candy bag.
“We’ve spoken a few times when Adam would video chat with him. I know he is engaged to an Omega named Bela. And that he appears to take pack responsibilities to heart,” Castiel offered his tiny bit of knowledge as he shyly glanced in the Alpha’s direction, seeing him still preoccupied with his phone.
Sam laughed. “Okay, no, I’m not. So I’m guessing that’s what that's about?” He tilted his head towards Jo and his nieces.
He was a father now, and it had him feeling a bit giddy. He might not have sired Lily, but she was his blood and he felt incredibly protective and proud as he watched the tiny pup nestled in Castiel’s arms as the Omega spoke with Charlie and Pam.
“I’ll see you tomorrow!” Castiel voiced as he rushed with his coat and briefcase towards the exit with his friend close behind him to lock the door.
“I’ve never seen anyone have that reaction to Alpha Winchester before, usually everyone is just drooling over him.” Kevin started only for Jody to tap him on the head to hush.
He missed Castiel. Gabriel wondered if there had been anything he could have done to change that day his brother had run off and met
Dean nodded, too tired and too damn cold to care for her surprises or formalities. He was starting to feel irritated and he wasn’t completely sure why. His wolf was stirring as if something was wrong, yet he tried to rein himself in. He was in a hospital, where scents of fear and depression tended to run high and Dean’s sensitive nose was twitching. He did notice however the way ‘Naomi’ eyed Pam, arching a brow and seeming incredulous at the thought of an Omega, a clearly un-mated one, out and about. Naomi herself smelled like nothing but bitter Beta and Dean’s patience was starting to wear thin.
Alfie pointed down a hall and then made a gesture to Dean, which he took to mean he had to make a right and then he would be home free. Too worried to make any noise, Dean nodded to the boy his thanks, wrapped the chain around his arm as quickly as he could manage and took off. He followed Alfie’s instructions, and once he was in the forest, he ran as fast as he could and never looked back.
we will construct a very specific mission to destroy those responsible. Zachariah will meet his demise, fret not. Any other Merfolk directly involved with the slaughter of Dean’s offspring--” Rowena started, as Bobby interrupted her.
“Because of him.” They spun around to find Dr. Hess and Zachariah, who had a nasty gash on his arm, glaring at them from the tree lines. They were glaring at Michael.
The Omega nodded and Jody took over pushing the chair and disappeared down the hallway, leaving Dean, Benny and Sam to look after them.
As much as he wanted to hurry and rush, he wanted to be at his best in case of any dangers, and he wanted to look his best for his Omega to charm him back into his fold.
Pamela kept her smile, clearly unfazed by the burly Alpha, and cuddled up a bit more into her chair as she looked towards Crowley. “As for Crowley, he’s a Beta with the ego of an Alpha, and the smarts to outwit anyone. You could say he’s Dean’s left hand. Anything in the legal or business worlds, Crowley has a foot in it. I’m not quite sure how their friendship came to be, but they have something in common that solidified their partnership: they want the Winchester Pack to be a safe haven, and to continuously stay strong for all our members. I honestly can’t tell you what’s in it for Crowley, but with everything he does for Dean, it’s hard to think of him badly despite him being a huge asshole half the time. He even has his own bodyguard.”
“I’m sorry about Adam…” The Alpha had no idea how to even go about this. This had not been what he was expecting when he came to collect Adam’s body… He had hoped to meet with Castiel and speak with him about Adam, hug him and offer him comfort and to not lose touch as family members, and then be on his way home to bury his brother. Yet, what the universe had thrown at him was an Omega and child of his blood that desperately needed him, and Dean couldn’t walk away from that. It would be going against every part of his being. Castiel was family and Dean wouldn’t leave him behind.
“I’m not leaving you. I want to find him, too, and actually meet him. I’m just frustrated and worried. Karen said the Elders are still waging war against the Merfolk of Castiel's clan. Dad is trying to get Henry and Rowena to wait on your return so you can take your revenge,” Sam supplied, as he made to catch up to his brother.
Castiel glared at him as Dean looked him over. “Do you know the truth behind the war between our kinds so long ago?” the Cecaelia questioned. Zachariah tried to talk and scream in his agitated rage as he wiggled against the restraints.
Dean’s eyes went wide as the arm became its new arm and it looked directly at Dean. It was an unnerving gaze, and in the next moment it was sniffing the air, searching. Bartholomew shrieked, a deafening sound, before it spread his leathery wings and it took off straight up and smashed its way out the bunker, and Dean would never admit doing so had been damn impressive with how ‘sound’ the structure was…or perhaps once was. The Alpha looked around at the utterly destroyed place.
The Alpha took a deep breath and unclasped the collar. Carefully, he inched towards Castiel and gently clasped the collar around his neck. Castiel touched the collar with the tips of his fingers as Dean nodded at him.
“You are in Winter Peak,” Castiel informed him, as his eyes landed on Dean’s left leg. He was completely captivated, as Dean’s body was fully reconstructing all of the damage. His tendons, muscles, veins, skin…everything was knitting itself together. It was a slow process because of the damage, but being able to see it happen was extremely wondrous.
Dean nodded sadly. “Yeah, they died protecting us. Pack wars back then happened a lot more.” Castiel nodded solemnly. “But don’t worry, I’ll show Lily. It will take a few years for her to get the hang of it, but by the time I was five, I had control of my wolf. She’ll be fine, I promise.”
“Oh… well, when Adam would video chat with Dean in the past, I would speak to him as well. Adam had told him about my love and hope to be a—”
“Need you,” the Omega whimpered between their heated kisses, as the Alpha’s tentacles started to wander towards his vulvas. The Merman’s sheaths had already started to open and reveal his most sensitive and tender parts as Dean’s tentacles began to tease him there. He cried out as Dean’s tentacles penetrated him at the same time as he pulled him in for a kiss. The tentacles thrust back and forth in a fast, maddening rhythm, making the Omega wild as the rest of Dean’s tentacles teased his fins and nipples.
Castiel frowned. Who was Anna? He also wasn’t sure how to feel about her complimenting him,if it was a compliment. The sadness in Lorraine’s tone confused him quite a bit.
“Castiel?” Gabriel heard their brother Michael gasp out quietly, as a small wave of hushed and hurried murmurs among the Merfolk started. As Castiel came into focus, Gabriel took him in. He looked well and healthy. He was Merman, and not human as Hester had cursed him to be, and Gabriel couldn’t see any of the wounds the helpers had left upon him, only the large mating bite at his neck.
