Steve tugged weakly at the chains around him. “Zola..?”
“I got ya, Shellhead.”
Reed sighed, his elongated fingers tapping at his temple as a force of habit, the other hand spread and held up by his shoulder with disbelief at what he was hearing. “Tony, is your mind going too? It’s a
“For what?!”
Tony could hardly see. Everything was blurry and the room was spinning, but eventually he managed to get a somewhat clearer image. He was in an office, a huge office. A black desk before him with the typical paperweights on them. He shut his eyes for a moment, too pained to keep them open. When he opened them a silhouette stood before him, looming over him. He had his hair gelled back perfectly, arms behind his back standing in his debonair stance.  He coughed a little. Steve flinched at the sight, again his eyes flickering, eyebrows slanting in a way that indicated pain.
. Then, as Tony’s attention began to dwindle to his own expectations and linger on how much he had failed within that period, he heard a loud thump which snapped him out of those thoughts in an instant. Steve had collapsed face down, motionless with his eyes closed. It had been the first time in days that Tony had actually seen him with his eyes closed...and completely insensate. There was a feeling of relief that washed over him; seeing Steve relaxed was an accomplishment all in its own. Yes, it was minor, but still a small step towards finding the cure towards whatever hell Zola had inflicted on him.
“Yeah, it’s a great one. Keeping this one. Definitely. “Tony spoke proudly, slipping his phone back into one of his white pouch-pockets and dusting his gloved hands off, feeling accomplished.
He shook his head, watching a feather fall to the ground. Tony’s eyes were fixated on it throughout the entire decent.
The room darkened as the power was sapped out of it. Carol from above along with Thor had managed to dismantle the lightening rod that was providing the power to the building, so now they stood with just Steve and Tony in the dark lab, with their eyes glowing a faint shade of blue.
Hammer dodged to the side, finally standing in the huge suit as he placed the defence up. “You know, I thought that together we worked well, when you were my lapdog.” He snorted before charging at Steve and Tony in a swift bull-like run. Steve shoved Tony out of the way, and met the charge with the surface of his shield, pushing back as hard as he could. He grit his teeth tightly, heels digging into the ground below.
He knew these machines inside out, after all; he had a larger input with the design than he would ever admit to. Everyone called him a weapons monger but they all forgot his advancement in medical technology that was down to him.
His mind wondered and his eyes shut as he fell into a deep sleep dreaming of his rescue. In truth, Steve
“My name is Tony Stark, Director of SHIELD – and I’ll tell you everything.”
He could stare into those eyes for an eternity.
“Sending Vision back isn’t the wisest of choices if we’re dealing with Killgrave…” Steve thought aloud.
“Your assignment’s here.” Fury sorted through the few papers that were left on the desk and slid it across the large desk toward Steve dismissively. “Now get on it.”
Steve glanced down momentarily at the tiny chip he was given, nodding and tucking it securely into his own armour.
“Steve..?” He called out, scanning the room while he could and finally spotting it. Left hand wall, centre computer, which was definitely the control panel that the two had been searching for. It had dozens of pinpoints on the screen, and cameras switching from person to person with vitals on screen.  The distraction was temporary, but Steve needed his attention first. He staggered over as quickly as he could to the other armoured man’s side.
“They’re wiping out superheroes and villains, anyone with power… Essentially.”
The Supreme Leader wasn’t about to be taken down that easily, he spun Tony around and gave him a just as equal beating. He swiped his slickly dressed forearm over his mouth, drying the miniscule blood spill from his split lip.
“See, not everything can be explained by science.” Steve said, continuing to stroke Tony’s jawline with the tip of his wings. “Hold your hand up, try and touch them.”
Steve tilted his head. “Am I, now?”
Finally, after the mirror had shown him many possibilities but none meshed with what Tony had in mind, Tony sighed resignedly. There was no Steve out there that paralleled his ethics, but there was one that came close, and he from a dimension that the mirror knew very little about. This Steve was a tall, handsome unmodified version of Steve, but after closely scrutinising his personality traits, Tony saw that he held far greater potential. Steve had strength and determination, and according to the files, he would become much more in the future; he would be an agent of Ultron’s, self-proclaimed ‘
Doom was showing no signs of tiring as he waved his arms, each blast becoming more powerful than the next, carving deep into the once spotless marble floors.  Every hit Tony tried to shoot was deflected and sent back, it simply wasn’t powerful enough. He needed all of his power for something powerful enough to surpass those blasts.
Tony needed to see the destruction with his own eyes. His heart rushed with panic as he dropped the sole of his foot to the floor with a large clank. He staggered toward the window with a jerky limp, trying to get used to the new weight that dragged his footing down toward a broken boarded up window, tearing away the card as quickly as he could and looking out into the city. It looked worse than just a napalm bombing; it looked like it’d been hit by a nuke. There were, however, a couple of large skyscrapers standing, ones that he had never seen before.
Steve was impressed. “That’s a pretty handy trick…” He whispered back.
“That’s right. We’ll be able to do as much work as we need to in the time that we need to.” T’Challa spoke.
Tony yelled out, trying to call the other bots to his aid but also trying to deal with the pain of having had his bottom lip ripped off. He backed to a corner as Steve crawled closer, grabbing Tony and pinning him down with powerful strength before biting hard into his exposed neck.
Mustering up as much strength as he could, he began to sidle over. He wriggles like a caterpillar, swinging his lower body first and then urging his upper body to follow. Slowly the warmth of the sheets below him become a distant memory as he finally reaches the other side of the bed. Although, the front of his body remained covered under the thick double quilted sheets which allowed him to regain some sort of comfort. Winter days were always the worst, even more so when the windows were iced up. Tony could still spot that even with distorted vision.
“I won’t back down Tony.” He squeezed his shoulder lightly and they locked glances. “You’re one of the nicest guys I’ve met, and you’re smart too. You’ve taught me a trick or two and I think that we make a great team.”
“If you need help…”
Clint stood perched on the top of a nearby building, giving Luke and Danny the thumbs up.
Steve Rogers had fallen into a deep slumber, being cast into ice, frozen for 70 long years. Within those 70 years he was stuck in limbo, staring at the gates of heaven, admiring their golden shimmer but he was locked out. He was one of the few angels cast to the Earth during the war, to protect many and save countless lives. He performed his duty but was still not allowed into the heavens.
He wanted to kill Norman, but he knew that would be letting him off easy, now he had more important matters to tend to.
The other man hovered in the air opposite him, staring with eyes that could burn deep into his soul.
The armour let out a yell of frustration, placing its searing hot repulsor-lit palm to Tony’s face, making the man tilt it to a side, but despite his efforts to escape the heat, he could feel the burn, he could taste it too.  He pulled at the restraints that were extremely tight, so much so that he could feel the ropes start to cut into his wrists when he was moving them.
It had been months since Captain Rogers had been found and transported to a small base located just off the coast of England where SHIELD was keeping him under strict observation. He was still unconscious, lying on that cold steel bed, locked in a tiny room of the hidden base. The capacity was completely sealed, not even daylight managed to break into it; there wasn’t a single window. Everything was artificially lit in this lime green lighting which made it have much more of a horror atmosphere, the occasional flicker from the power supply able to send even the workers into shudders of paranoia. But that was the way that Fury liked it. He liked his workers to be on edge, because he knew it was the adrenaline that kept them going. Not that they had much to do asides from monitor.
, as you put it, is one of my creations that I’ve worked long and hard to perfect, and I won’t stop until it’s perfected! It’s an innocuous suit, only used to protect me.”
“It’s okay, I’ve got you.” He spoke with his lips pressed to Tony’s chest.
“And you expect me to just go out like this, out there?” he emphasized his words by pointing outside.
They seemed calm but the way that Masters was negotiating made Tony sense that something was terribly out of line.
“And I with you, Steve Rogers.”
“That’s JARVIS, one of my first creations. His AI runs throughout this entire lab, he can speak through any machine but since I built that robot dog in my teens, I’m pretty attached to it. So he chooses to stay in there most of the time and keep me company when I’m out and about.”
“Let me handle this…”
“That’s a promise.”
Sue Storm
“Oh, what I’m going to do will be worse…” He held out his hands and pointed them toward the two. Steve was known for his willpower and the Purple Man’s abilities not being able to work on him because of it, but he felt a haze falling over his mind as he dropped to his knees, with Tony doing the same beside him.
He pushed back and white smoke leaked from the back of his suit as he’d managed to put a little more pressure on the release until it was activated; freezing the webbing which then made breaking from it a cinch. Tony landed on his feet with an audible sigh of relief. “Are you ever going to go with my freeze resistant chemical compound suggestion for your webbing or was my entire 10 minutes of research into the suggestion a complete waste of my time?” He brushed off the remaining white ice particles and held out his arms, showing that he wasn’t going to attack, nor was he preparing one.
Whenever people had said Tony was a bad person Steve would always seek to prove them wrong after spending time with them, Tony was nothing but a ray of sunshine in the darkness and mundane atmosphere that the job was surrounded with, Tony brought him sheer joy since day one.
“According to the systems he’s dead. There’s no life in his body. None. Somehow, the serum has been altered by something that I’ve never seen before, and that ‘something’ allows it to circulate throughout his body. However, it’s not to the extent to keep him alive. He’s walking, yet dead…” Reed speculated.
“Yeowch!” Tony wailed, shaking his head and then reaching one of his hands into his pockets. “Now I know I had it somewhere…”
“Hammer. He’s involved too. Justin Hammer…” Tony growled, accompanying the remark with a patented teenage sulk.
He found himself cuddling it, distracted by the distinct aroma it had trapped in every thread and the warmth it held.
“The Red Guardian,” Tony finished off her sentence. “Something you’ve dealt with before?”
“One of my bots… Malfunctioned…”
“Feel it.”
Steve turned and looked at him, standing by one of the shuttle models they had in the exhibit.
Steve groaned a little in response. Tony realised then that he needed to cut the man down from his plank. Using his pinpoint lasers, he quickly seared through the chains and caught Steve in his arms, making sure his feet were free from the shackles too. He lifted Steve into his arms.
The first thing was first, he needed to get his armour fixed and Steve back into fighting shape and he needed to get his helmet back from the hospital.
“Mr debonair…” Steve replied, “Even now, look at you…”
Now suspicions were at their highest. Carefully he stepped in, hands raised to his chin, readying himself to punch out whatever came at him.
“With the serum…?” Reed asked. “We can try with samples we’ve gotten before, but that virus is doing strange things to him. We need to keep him under strict quarantine until we can contain it. One thing’s definite, Tony; he’s been injected with something that is destroying him, and we’ll need to ensure that it’s contained so that there’s no risk of it being passed on. If it originated in his circulatory system, then there is a risk that there is a possible contagion in terms of blood. We
He yearned to kiss him, but was too far.
Wham!
“You can’t be back you’re dead.” He growled, hating to say that out loud, the more he said it out loud the more real it all became.
“Tony…” He breathed. “Thank you…”
“That’s a movie reference.” Steve snapped his fingers excitably, eyes lit up as he actually smiled and flashed his deep set dimples.
“Someone forgot to check out, or… Checked out too soon,” he said, staring at the skeleton in the bed, its clothed arm draping off the side of the bed as rats surged from its ribcage, squeaking as they made their way out in a miniature pack.
He knew he had to slide over to the colder side of the bed, which was something that he was truly dreading. But it was the only way he could check the time, since Steve had made him disable JARVIS in their room. He did deserve it after he was using the AI to either startle Steve for giggles or record their ‘activities’ for future reference, he claimed.  Unfortunately, Steve didn’t fall for that and demanded that JARVIS had no power in their small room.
He bypassed the disk and leaped forward as quickly as he could, latching onto the scaly fabric of Steve’s costume just above the abdominal plating. He stared up at him, giving him a comfortable smirk. His actions seemed counterintuitive, even to him, but he knew his logic would prevail – although not with 100% certainty.
Norman looked down with distain, snapping his fingers at Steve. “Do me a favour, will you?”
“At the time I had to upload my consciousness into the programming, after a very long story which I may save for another rainy day, but it’s become extremely smart because of that. It went sentient for a while…” Tony shuddered at the memory “Made some mistakes,” An understatement “But I managed to recover it. I had a battle with it, buried it on an island but it returned with a new AI, and like hell I’d have something else roaming around in one of my suits. I managed to get the AI (Dimitrios) removed and now I’m working on reprogramming it since its body has been largely restored. But as you can see it’s all chained up right now, still working on the internal programming.”
He had become well aware that his technology was being bought in bulk by a mysterious security agency, which he was later hired by under the impression was a rather small-fry company. Turns out after he was ‘hired’ to freelance for them, much more was revealed. They were a superhero organisation, and had formed a team of heroes of which he was invited to join. Tony wasn’t particularly much of a team player when it came to working in his suit of Iron, his superhero alias, Iron Man, and particularly disliked when they had found out that Tony Stark and Iron Man were one in the same after he had spent so long trying to fool them. Making robotic suits and improving his AI to become more lifelike, but it was no match for SHIELD. Instantly upon making the discovery, Tony was taken on board (with much protest from the billionaire, but that was overcome once he was given full security access, including the president’s private number – needless to say, Tony and the president soon became well acquainted.) and had his skills utilized, but the billionaire was never one to remain in a static position. He began to climb the corporate ladder riddled with bureaucracy and then the time came, his time, the era of Stark.
“As does yours, I’m sure.”
A more rugged version of Steve appeared on the screen with his hair slicked back in a messy coif, stubble lining his square jaw and an eye-patch covering one of his eyes. “Colonel—Good, perhaps, but not close to what I have in mind.” Tony held a hand to his chin. “I
“Come here and I’ll show you what to do,” he said, gesturing for Masters to step up to him. Taskmaster was an expert copycat, so at least he could make Tony’s job a little less straining and give him more time to return to somewhere safe to treat Steve properly and repair his armour.
“Now is the PERFECT time!”
“Yeah… Usually we have more help though…”
“Let me finish, Stark.”
“Currently in the mansion, not got much time by the sounds of the connection. Have you managed to get in touch with the others?”
“You speak like you’re straight out of those fairy tales…” Tony sighed. His heart was still pounding from the kiss, his lips yearned for more but there was a hesitation, a pain in the back of his mind that he feared. He feared rejection, he feared being left alone after destroying what he had with Steve.
That instant Steve realised who he was talking to. The name Jarvis, the house he was in, it looked so familiar. It was Tony’s old house that he’d shown him, and of course, Jarvis was his old butler and best friend. The little boy in front of him was Tony, though he should’ve recognised him by his short black hair and large blue eyes. He had such an adorable chubby, round face, button nose and was wearing a Captain America shirt that seemed oversized for him, but he seemed happy in it, with little black formal trousers and sneakers.
“Come on.”
“Oh-ho! You came close to catching me, mon ami, but it appears I have outsmarted you, as I will do the rest of your fellows!” He chuckled. “You will remember my name, Batroc, the leaper, the pride of Paris!”
“At ease…” The man muttered whilst he sat in a huge dark leather chair, arms resting either side, face on to the door with the light shining through the pane from behind him. He had a huge cigar resting between his teeth, making everything he said sound like it was coming out of the side of his mouth that wasn’t chewing on the huge cigar. “Take a seat, Rogers.”
“Looks like you’re cornered!”
“Tony.” He watched the Captain’s lips, “Lower your guard… Let me in.”
“There only appears to be one person in there—well, a thing—it looks like a potato?”
Tony snapped his teeth at the rude comments the tourists made, reaching out to try and scratch them.
Peter knelt down and began to dig with his bare hands into a plot that had been untouched. “What do you think happened to Carol…”
Tony obeyed to the tug on his arm and began to follow Steve out down the hallway, trying to sniff out fresh meat.
Steve knew that he was the only person that could silence Tony Stark, and he did so by pressing his lips against the mans, tugging him down for a deep, raw kiss as his tongue swept over the other man’s lips.
Tony let Steve get ready in a couple of modern looking clothes, modern being a rather lightly put term considering the combinations that Steve had decided upon; beige trousers, white t-shirt that had come out of his box of things with the crest of his camp on it and over that a dark blue jumper. Not too bad, but not great either.
“There’s something wrong with my pass, be darlings, will you…”
Tony brushed away the tears with his wet forearm, which had little to no effect.
“I’ll try and help!” Tony said, scooting to Steve’s side eagerly.
“All this time Tony, all this time… All you’ve ever done is try and rub your work in my face, well, look who’s laughing now huh?” Hammer laughed from above, craning over Tony’s body and tapping his armour. “Those buzz saws are great aren’t they? Well, I built them with my own two hands, that’s why!”
“Yes, we’ve managed to repair it. Luckily, the fracture was vacuum sealed by one of your bots. The AI behaved quite intelligently…I must admit, I am very impressed, Tony.” Reed complimented the man…a compliment that was needed, for Tony looked utterly forlorn. A beard ran wild and untamed, dark red circles hung under his eyes, and he even looked much paler in skin tone and thinner. Reed would’ve assumed by first glance that Tony was the one that was sick, not Steve. After numerous checks - particularly after the first incident, Tony was seemingly as fit as a fiddle.
Again, they hugged, this time it was Tony who pressed himself forward and wrapped both arms around him tightly, though struggled to get his arms all the way around Steve’s much larger frame.
“Oh am I? People often say I’m devilish but I’m fine with being an angel.” He said with a coy smirk, moving closer to Steve and looking up at him. They’d always go through the same routine; they’d get really close, particularly whenever Tony spotted Steve blushing. It was an adorable trait of his that Tony loved to exploit and tease him over.  But he’d only do this when they were alone, because in actuality, he did want it to go a step further but it was up to the Captain to make the first move; traditionally resulting in Steve blushing and pulling back, but that never stopped Tony from trying, in fact he enjoyed it too much to resist it.
“Lower your voice, will you.”
The team stopped and turned to face Tony properly, all with yet another deadpan look.
“Exactly. So we’re becoming lab rats whether we like it or not. All of the superheroes and us types are all stuck tryin’ to cover our own asses without being caught and experimented on. We surface and we’re goners courtesy of giant mobs of people who’ve been brainwashed by their TV to kill anyone with superpowers. They made the excuse of saying that we would be dependent on these things because they’re preventing us from getting damage from the gas, since people who inhaled the gas well… Lost control of their limbs and had to get substitutes. So everyone was chipped regardless with the basic ‘breathing control chip’, and most people have augmentations since they’re becoming a fashion trend right now – they enhance you. Fancy that for plastic surgery huh?”
“Tell me what you did! You tell me right now!” He screamed. He was no geneticist, but if he could find some way to reverse it – but there was no way he could bring the dead back to life.
“More so than that.” There was a twinge of sadness in Tony’s voice. Clearly Peter had hit a sore spot unintentionally.
He stopped for a second to hear footsteps below and the occasional conversation. So he knew he was definitely not alone.  A small pause, and then he took a few steps closer. Once he had reached the final stair, he decided to scope the area that was much larger than he had originally anticipated.  It was a narrow steel walled hallway that he was walking through, fortified steel, which clearly meant that there was something extremely dangerous down here. He followed the lime green light that led him to a door, more specifically, a gap in the door. Like a curious child in a hospital he stared through the circular medical window of the door, observing SHIELD lab assistants scurry around with their files in hand. None of them were wearing biohazard suits, so whatever it was, wasn’t radioactive. They weren’t genetically engineering the zombie apocalypse which admittedly was a thought that flashed through his mind as brief as it may have been, so to make his steps quieter and himself more stealthy, he rid himself of his suit – the pieces shifting into an accurately shaped briefcase which he held in his hand, revealing his directors uniform. Carefully he ensured the white straps on his shoulder, carefully positioned over the black main bodysuit, were in place before slipping through the doors.  He tried to keep his head low but then it dawned on him, this was now all his. This building belonged to him, this was part of the acquisition since it involved SHIELD, it may have been a subsidiary, but it was still being funded by the main body therefore belonged to him. He was about to grab one of the stray lab coats that were hung up by the door but decided against it upon his realisation, and instead, walked through the doors. The secret to operation rebirth was through the doors to his left.
There she was, wearing her Captain Marvel outfit; red, blue with that bright star. It was torn and grubby to the point that the yellow looked more like a dark blood stained orange. Even her hair had lost that sheen it once had.  But that wasn’t all that had changed about her. The moment she turned toward the mention of her name Tony spotted that half of her face was covered in a metal plate.
A quick dive to the left to avoid the hit, then a crack on the jaw when Tony’s metal hand made contact, sending the first of the men cascading to the floor.
“I can’t explain, but your organs aren’t… Functioning the way they should.”
Doom snapped his fingers and one of the suits of armour that stood by the side of the room began to move, shakily making its way over towards the fierce man stood in front of them. Tony held his hand up, ready to fire, tense with his shoulders raised. Steve had never seen Tony eye anything that intensely in his time with him; he knew then and there that Tony had a single priority and that was saving Reed. All the statue did was hold out a folder of papers which the inspector recognised instantly; the schematics for his original build that he’d stolen, all scrawled and scribbled over with Doom’s ‘improvements’.
OVERIDE PROTOCOL: USER: ANTHONY E STARK.
“You’ll be okay Steve, we’ll make it through this together.” Tony murmured, pressing his faceplate against Steve’s forehead to calm him down. He noticed Steve’s mouth opening as though he were taking breaths, but it was clear from earlier that he wasn’t really breathing so perhaps it was a reflex he was still conditioned with. He had to tell himself to stop over-analysing it all and just be grateful Steve was there with him.
“God bless us, every one.” Peter chimes, blowing his nose on a tissue.
burning him. The damage to his nerves meant that he felt no pain, even though his skin would shrink and recede the more that the sun hit him.
He ran toward a car after he made sure the dark haired man was resting against a wall and ripped open the bonnet, staring at all of the wires that had now become unfamiliar.
Central Park was finally in sight. Tony was leading the way, offering from time to time to carry Hank, but Steve knew that offer was just in good will. It was worry dictating their sprint toward the gates; luckily the park hadn’t been struck by any of the explosions, and still maintained the fresh and clean atmosphere even as surrounded by chaos as it was.
Steve enjoyed it really, seeing Tony so possessive over him, just reminded him of how he treated him when the man had first seen him without the super soldier serum, so protective, so adoring.
The shield flickered a few times, a drop of sweat trickled down Steve’s temple as he held himself in place, the heat from Doom’s hands being far more immense than he’d first ever anticipated, then again he didn’t expect to be dealing with a magic mad scientist who was shooting rays out of his fingertips.
When they walked into the huge building Tony guided Steve over to the elevator and he took off his hat, threading his fingers through his hair and smiling proudly at Steve.
“Watch that potty mouth…” Steve wanted to sound more stern but the more he was speaking the more helpless he sounded, and he hated that, internally blaming the dip in his tone on the sedatives that were being flushed through his entire body.
“Tony… I’m… I’m here… Don’t you see me? I’m right here.”
The floating head, MODOK (Mechanized Organism Designed Only for Killing) cackled with pleasure as it flipped a switch and a red beeping dot appeared on the monitors. It seemed that during the brawl the leaper had managed to stick a tracker on the sole of Tony’s shoe.  “Indeed he did.”
“Any civilian casualties?”
, not that it was a bad thing, but it was pleasantly surprising.
“Of course I am, of the highest degree. Do you doubt my qualifications?”
He stood, clipping the new boot on, followed by the rest of his armour. Although it had a couple of dents, and some cracks, he knew it would be enough to hold its own.
He kept his arms around Steve, but his shoes folded over, the cloaking device fading as they phased into his regular red and gold boots and he whispered; “go go Stark jet boots…”
Steve smiled softly and kept its arms around the robot tightly, “I got ya, shell head.”
But they didn’t just go to one gallery that day; they went to many, going from gallery to gallery and of course, stopping off for ice cream.
With a flick of his wrist he began to recall his shield, though by this time Tony was reaching around to the back of Steve’s head, slipping his fingers past his blond locks until he’d reached the short shaven part just by the nape of his neck. His fingers fumbled, internally apologising as he began to dig the sharp metal fingers of his augmented appendage into the back of them. If he was anything like the others he’d have a chip in him, hoping that it was like Peter’s if any. There was a lot of luck involved in his thought process, and unfortunately Tony Stark wasn’t the luckiest of men.
on Steve…?” Reed stretched his arms over to the system monitors, accessing the scanner’s files.
Steve eased his length into Tony, the head making the man beneath him gasp, then the further length making him cry out in a way Steve had never heard him do before. Tony threw his head back, inhaling as though he were suffocating. Steve’s eyes were focused on his every movement, making sure it wasn’t too much.
Tony blinked momentarily, his mind was clouded as it is and he didn’t need Steve speaking in enigmas to confuse him even more, “One of us? Avengers? Old man, are you losing your memory?” He asked, “Come on Capsicle… It’s way too late at night to go through this.” He said, his hand instantly moving toward his own forehead and rubbing it.
He stepped toward Steve and placed a chaste kiss over his lips, then watched for his reaction. Shortly after he received the faint blush accompanied smile he was anticipating and felt his heart flutter. This was going to be the start of something big and he knew it. Plans bubbled in his mind, thinking about what they could be together, how they could have a life together. Tony was a hopeless romantic when it came down to the line, and although he had gone through his fair share of relationships there was one that stood out, and that was with Steve. The man that was constantly on his mind, the man he aspired toward, his hero. In times of crisis he would ask himself ‘What would Steve Rogers Do’. Even Rhodey knew how much Tony really cared about the guy, and would often jokingly mock him for it.
“Yeah, true,” Tony replied, his arm looping around Steve’s, with the excuse that he was helping him walk.
They had both earned a day off; Tony’s first course of action that day was to take Steve to the finest gallery in the city. Steve couldn’t believe when he saw these masterpieces up close, he was in utter awe of how beautiful everything was up close. Seeing these pieces in person had always been a dream of his, and there Tony was making his dreams come true. Tony was dressed in a rather smart looking suit, of course with his trench coat, but without his signature hat for once. Steve knew that it was probably in the trunk of the car, or hidden somewhere.
Peter managed to get away by wriggling constantly and pulling at her thumbs and tried to shoot a series of webs around Tony to attempt to free him from the grip, but now that Peter was free, she focused both of her hands on the dark haired man in the suit of armour. There could’ve been trails of fire streaking behind Carol due to how fast she was going; the momentum she was gathering was insane. Tony felt his armour heat up, parts starting to melt before with a pulverising smash he was thrown to the ground. The webbing around him provided little help, but that was needed, at least to cushion the impact. He backbreaking thud to the ground made Tony scream out in pain, throwing his head back. Even with that armour on it felt as though his bones were shattered.
Steve craned his head back a little to catch a glimpse of Tony, holding him so securely with that stare of determination facing forward, it was truly a sight. But he didn’t have much time to admire it, not when he got to his feet.
It dawned on him.
“How..?” He asked again, “I trust you Steve but… What good is it going to do?”
“Hey! I’m offended! I do go down there from time to time… To supervise. I’m fussy; I need my underwear to be super soft. I have sensitive skin!”
“Without your help I’d probably be walking the sewers still.”
A prosthetic hand, a robotic one, was now attached to him. This thing was in place of his real hand. The sudden switch filled his mind with so many questions that his head began to spin.
There were blanks in his mind, many of them but right now, all he could see was the dying man before him and blood on his hands. Forcing himself to his feet, he took slow, pained steps toward Tony, still juddering occasionally from the shock. His reactor felt strong, better than ever actually. It was as though he could feel Tony’s strength supporting him.
Tony’s eyes opened with much protest and met Steve’s dark, lust shaded eyes, shadowed by his messy hair.
With an intense struggle, Tony had managed to get to his feet, staring down at the broken robots.
“YAH!”
“I’m not asking to be cared for, Steve, I’m just grateful when it happens. And it doesn’t happen often.” Maybe it was the concussion that was giving him this bout of vocal honesty, but for once he just felt safe, he felt safe with Steve next to him, tending to him. “If I care for someone I show it, because who knows how long you have with them.”
It was as though he needed Steve’s permission.
“That’s impossible… I mean… I’ve seen them before but… I thought… This is impossible!” Tony continued with a stutter, his eyes darting along each strand that seemed to materialise even further as he touched it.
“There any way to get the tracker out, like you did for Cap Marvel?”
“That sounds stupid.”
“Because I saw… Tony, I saw it all…” Steve said, stepping up to Tony without thinking twice, touching his arm lightly and trying to meet his eyes again. “Do you believe me?”
The director pushed up his faceplate, being sure to let himself relax in Steve’s grip, letting a sigh of relief escape his lips.
THWUMP-!
“I know you’re there Tony…” He would reply with a soft smile to quell the grief.
“Can you stay here?” Steve asked.
There were gaps in Steve’s mind he was desperate to fill, so much he wanted to ask Tony, but all he knew was that Tony was his friend and so much more. His heart beat with Tony’s power, it felt like he was running through his body and that energy just made him stronger than he had ever been.
Peter paused and shrugged. “Maybe. Either way, because of it we’re all dependent on these chips in our brain to breathe.”
“A huge Roxxon truck carrying oil was in our way, and we both crashed into it…” Tony’s eyes welled up and he covered his face for a moment with his hand. “Victor, who was chasing me, gets in it too… Rumiko… She didn’t make it. It’s… All my fault. I tried so hard to save her, in the end I just… Couldn’t do enough.”
“Please Tony… How can I… I don’t know how I can prove it to you.” He said, as Steve spoke his wings began to droop a little. Tony squinted again, seeing the beams of light behind Steve suddenly lower, as though they were moving according to his mood. The more disappointed Steve was in Tony’s lack of belief the lower the lights seemed to go, as though they were trying to envelop him to comfort himself-  as though Steve was wrapping his own wings around himself.
“You hungry big guy?” He whispered, noticing Steve had calmed down.
He pushed through the rain, moving far too quickly for the droplets to have a chance to settle on the smooth metal as he cut through the air, catching the light of the lightening whenever it struck. It was all so vivid in his mind, as though he were going through it at that moment. Tails of blue left in the sky while he flew to his target and landed, cautiously by the entrance.
“Killgrave? Hey? Purple man?”
“How is he?”
“It’s a little nerve wracking, I mean this whole joint runs differently from Brooklyn…”
Vision floated by, hovering just behind Tony to take in the data as the man was. “It appears that the multiple threats detected are spreading in allocated sectors within the city.”
He cringed as he managed to lift the faceplate from her skin, trails of blood and the same brown fluid he had vomited earlier pulling from the screws he had managed to lodge loose trickled down her beautifully pale skin, rolling down her cheek. He pulled it away with a quivering grip and saw the wire he needed to re-wire, the once billionaire decided to keep his focus on that – at least that would help distract him from the innards of the skull that he’d revealed.
Tony felt the warmth touch his face and he shut his eyes in bliss, “How are you doing that..?” He asked in a relaxed tone.
“Sacre bleu!” He turned around, catching the bright red gleam of Tony’s rocket boots and gloves, heading straight toward him. The man twirled the corners of his moustache in anticipation as Tony neared.
“Handled,” the car replied, with Steve furrowing his brows with curiosity. He’d learned with his time with Tony to expect the unexpected, but what he didn’t expect was to hear the exhaust cough before shooting out a sticky white web-looking liquid that caused the two cop cars nearest to them to halt, getting caught in the mess.
He just wanted the noises and blaring alarms to stop, his head was pounding as it was, he didn’t need JARVIS to continue shouting at him and making his health worse.
“Stick to Tony.” He smiled, feeling the need for a friendlier introduction, as late as it may have been.
Steve gave him a nod and a half salute as he began to walk up to Tony, who growled as he turned and made his own way to his lab.
“Just a little to the right…”
“She doesn’t know who you are and if she had her way right now, you’d have no limbs yet alone fingers, my friend.”
Tony knew he needed to join Steve so he used his boots to fly over MODOK, trying to shoot at him but again those barriers seemed to absorb the energy.
He was using the tip of the piece to cut the tiny chip as though it were a scalpel, scratching at a particular piece to see a spark fly and then pulling back a bit. “The wounds open… Give me some of your webbing fluid, the deoxygenised type, fresh from the can.”
Tony slowly got up, brushing his jacket off again and frowning at the leaper. “Go go Stark soap!” He said, his trouser pocket making a DING sound. Steve turned to him, confused as to what he was doing next. Tony reached into it and tugged out a bar of soap, pushing it into Batroc’s mouth.
He felt free.
Steve snorted. “Same goes for you. Night, Tony.” They locked eyes for a second and then there was silence while Tony returned a smile just as warm as the stare he was receiving, a stare that could make even his cheeks twinge with a hue of pink.
Reed met his eyes solidly, silencing whatever line of thought Tony had in mind. “Would you expose such a disease to the outside world?” He asked with a devastating note ringing in his words, almost offended that he dare suggest such a thing. There was a part of him that did wonder if Tony was truly cracking under the pressure of it all,  not that Reed would entirely blame him for doing so.
The image of the bald man in an ‘I love pumpkin’ t-shirt became more clear. He wore scruffy torn jeans with a chain dangling from the pocket, and looked far too quick for someone of his size. Nonetheless that didn’t stop Carol from approaching him. Tony was glad that they’d stopped so that he could catch his breath but he stared with extreme caution. He was going to aim a repulsor, just in case but Jessica reached over and lowered it mouthing “she knows what she’s doing.”
Then it was a trip home, with Tony being eager to show Steve more this time, and take his turn being the beacon of knowledge. He knew he could, especially when it came to progress and evolution. He was keen to do so, and when they had reached the metropolis better known as New York City, hidden amongst the concrete jungle was the American museum of National History which was absolutely perfect to show Steve. Once more he paid to get inside, and it was considerably late in the evening but that wouldn’t matter. He was still a little jetlagged from his journey overseas, and Steve wasn’t showing any signs of fatigue. So in they went, running rampant through the museum as though they were two teenagers that had just managed to sneak past the guard. Steve felt his defence lower the more he spent with the man, and it was a good feeling, as though he were talking to an actual friend that he had known for years.
“They’re working on a device that’ll allow the Purple Man to take the whole world under his control. Tony was under his power again, by the time he came-to they’d managed to escape,” Steve chimed in.
“I did some scouting before we got here when I was trying to find the others, they’re definitely all stationed in the top floor labs,” Janet breathed, tucking her short hair neatly behind her ears while she moved to sit on Tony’s shoulder instead, just for the time being.
JARVIS crept up from behind, moving slowly as to avoid the squeak in his wheels, creeping up carefully while his tail wire flipped up and attempted to lodge into one of the open sockets he could see, but it was as tricky as playing a game of the ‘claw’ in a fairground, with MODOK’s frantic movements he kept having to change direction.
“I thought you’d be mad…” Tony babbled.
“I…”  His body went numb, feeling his heart thud, able to hear it echo in his ears.
“Y-yeah…” He murmured.
Zola’s eyes darted from screen to screen before he smacked one of the biggest buttons on the control panel and the plate that Steve was on began to shake and light up behind him. Tony was gaining far too much momentum, too much to turn around before he thwarted himself into Zola who had just managed to push the button as he was knocked back.
“How…?! How are you two standing!? No one can withstand this, no one!” Killgrave tried to use his powers just as he had done before, but it wasn’t effective in the slightest.
I had such good intentions, couldn’t you see?
“What do you think I do, Tony Stark? I am a genius, I am a man that invents superior beings and pushes them to achieve their full potential. Steve Rogers was one of those men that had become the pinnacle of the human race, but none of you truly utilized him – why not make him better? He has much potential, and under my control he would have been the greatest asset.”
Steve was on the ground, Norman with his head turned toward him. “Get up, soldier.” He ordered. “You have work to do. Once you’re done here I expect you to go and find the others that are rebelling, just like this one, and destroy them.”
Tony gasped with a look of pure dismay, running up to the window and gesturing to it. “I have a door! Look, door, over there!” He pointed frantically. “Why would you—there’s a door!” He called out after them, even though they wouldn’t hear him.
“Sir, Mr Stark, with all due respect, he won’t survive in this world! We’ve put him under rigorous testing, every scenario results in him having a mental breakdown and his inability to adapt-“
“Come on, let’s go,” Tony said, stepping back from Steve’s grip as his armour slid up his body from his boots, along the lines of the under-suit and locking into place mechanically. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s surprisingly small waist and carried him out, his jets catching the air as he began to glide, ascending into the skies with his repulsor jets keeping Steve tucked tightly, only to deposit him by his target.
“This ain’t the time for hugs, sorry Carol!” he replied as he leaped out of the way, jumping over her body and running up to Tony. “Well, Carol’s alive!”
Tony was famed for his ingenuity and this was a prime example, even as he was at work Peter couldn’t help but be in awe of him. There was a reason this guy was Iron Man.
“Stop!” Tony could barely speak whilst Steve used his other hand to tear off the faceplate and threw it to the ground with a fierce intensity. “P-please..!”
Without thinking twice Steve stared at his watch, pressing the tiny button to the side of it, and then before he knew it his watch lit up. Defensively he drew his arm back, watching as a holographic shield appeared over his wrist, his eyes lit up with awe. The shield looked magnificent; red and white circles with a blue circle and white star in the center, talk about
The armoured man looked around again, trying to see if he could find Steve but he knew he would be much more efficient with both working hands, so he had to do this. Tony sat down in a lotus position in his armour, using the soles of his boots as a clamp to hold the arm in place as he began rummaging through the wires with his good hand, trying to re-wire it. Again, this was much easier in his head. He had to crane his neck down and awkwardly tug at the wires, using his teeth at some points, which wasn’t the wisest idea, but he had to ignore the small shocks he was getting through his teeth in order for this to work properly. Small surges were nothing, as long as he could get this working. He tore off the plastic cases of the wires to reveal the copper, and awkwardly angled himself toward the arm so that it was fixed to the stub. Now this was where it would get painful; Tony grabbed a shard of glass that was nearby and surprisingly easy to get a hold of and used it to rip the cut open.
“Don’t mention it, Tony.” Spiderwoman says from her corner, tilting her head with glee, tugging the top of her red and yellow turtleneck just over her mouth.
“Well, for some reason, it wouldn’t work on Steve. It appears to work fine on others though; Luke tested it out for me when he’d popped over.”
There was nothing stopping him this time, no anxiety, no self-doubt or excuses, he just leaned forward and gently pressed his lips over Steve’s, his eyes fluttering shut. Tear droplets danced elegantly over his long dark eyelashes, the soft warm lips tasting oddly of cherry pie. All his time Tony had assumed that they would’ve tasted like apple, since well, Steve was the all-American cop, living the American dream. But no, it was instead the sweet taste of cherry. As he threw all of his emotion into the kiss he could feel a hand move and loop itself over Tony’s neck, gently tugging at the tufts of hair by the nape of his neck.
“Jessica!” Carol sounded very offended, getting up and striding up to her.
The director couldn’t say a word. “I have SHIELD paperwork to do…”
His hips swayed unconditionally to Steve’s pumps, wanting more, craving more. His eyes opened and he tilted his head forward to admire how the Captain’s muscles moved, seeing the clockwork move with his hand motions too, it was truly beautiful, regardless.
It wasn’t any use; Howard seemed to reach through Steve and grabbed Tony by the collar of his shirt, yanking him forward and off his feet.
“And my schematics, the ones I told you that Doom was after… They were taken too. Within the space of a few hours Dooms managed to probably modify his own robot using my schematics, and he’s created that. The guy works fast, seems he’s got someone working for him that knows how to build quickly.”
Tony punched as hard as he could, shoving Steve back and then swinging his leg stub around, using the rough metal peg to scrape at the armour. Little by little Steve was being shoved back, closer and closer to toward the computers which Norman stood watching.
“Judging by the look in her eyes, Peter, something new is in her system…” He replied, taking a step up toward her, slowly, but sharp jolts of agony surging up his spine with every step closer.  “You know, the way she was powered, it just… Reminded me of those guys we faced back then.”
The man was on the ground, entire body shaking as volts of electricity coursed through his entire entity, amplified by the armour he was in. It’d managed to reach Steve’s core, breaking past the Oscorp manufactured Arc Reactor and rebooting it with an entirely new, enhanced energy force. The shock that occurred during impact fried some of the circuits, the raw energy incinerating anything that couldn’t handle it.
He shot up, sitting up on the large leather couch that was located in the centre of the Avengers living room with a huge blanket placed over him. His fingertips skimmed along the felt and he realised that was Steve’s blanket, the one that he would wrap around himself whenever he was sitting downstairs alone usually on their days off watching some sort of horror movie. Tony absolutely despised horror movies but he would pluck up the courage to sit beside Steve and join him, mainly for his company of course, considering most of the time he would have his face buried into Steve’s shoulder trying to hide from whatever creature it was on the screen. He had witnessed enough traumatic and petrifying events in his life; he didn’t need to see it on TV in his home-life.
Tony’s smile was weak, barely even visible.
“Let me…” Steve urged, placing his hand between Tony’s legs and gently rubbing over the skin tight material. His hand made a soft massaging motion, timid at first, but then putting a bit more pressure.
Tony was soothed by the usual sounds of Steve’s breath, the slump of his chest and sometimes if he had continently rolled to close to him; the beating of his heart, the gentle drum that would remind him that the man was there watching over him.
Tony laughed lightly and did the same, dusting the floor below with his hand and then taking a seat, his legs dangling on edge just above the murky water.
The sounds stopped, leaving Steve and Tony in the middle of the woodland area, surrounded by treats and chirping birds. Dazed and confused they both looked around them, trying to sniff to catch that scent again.
Four days and he hadn’t moved an inch. He lay as still as a porcelain doll resting on a counter. The others had gone in with biohazard suits as per the norm and extracted samples, taking turns to do so. It was much easier doing extractions by hand as opposed to sending bots in there. One thing Tony wouldn’t stand for was Steve being carved up like a Christmas turkey, he refused to let them to do so. Therefore, there were only small extractions that took place in front of Tony.
His attention turned toward the tree that had an Arc Reactor, a smaller model, sat at the top. Peter chuffed with pride when he spotted Tony’s eyes focus on the cyan glowing model. It was definitely the boys handy work.
The mere press of lips wasn’t enough to satisfy either of them, Steve felt his jaw loosen as he became more accustomed to the wonderful taste of strawberry champagne that Tony had been drinking earlier that night, his tongue searching for more. There was a muffled gasp from the dark haired man and he felt his cheeks already stain with that distinct redness.
“I guess so…” There was an awkward silence between the two. Steve’s  long fingertips drummed the steering wheel. “I suppose we should head back to the station then, fill out some reports.” If there was one thing worse than kitten duty it was being a desk jockey – sitting indoors and filling out reports all day.
Steve tried his best to swing his arms out, his gloved fingertips, red as Tony’s armour reached for his leg, sliding down it with a loud squeak. It was then he realised due to the rain that they were soaked in, he couldn’t grab him.
One thing he did notice was how the civilians seemed a little scared of Tony, and truth be told he had been at first too, so he didn’t blame them. It was all a case of trying to reassure them that Tony wasn’t harmful and meant well, which the man himself constantly tried to prove. His efforts didn’t fall on deaf ears, especially when Steve was right there with him keenly observing everything he had to offer. He seemed so determined to do well, despite the (small) hiccups that he made, and Steve appreciated his company. It seemed that they were both enthusiastic individuals that had one common goal; to make the city a safer place.
Peter was the one who made the first move by shoving the first heap onto the pale body, Tony followed and didn’t stop until they both had managed to cover her up, and raise the ground back to the level that it once was. Honouring tradition, Peter grabbed a brick that wasn’t hard to find considering their surroundings.
“T-tony… What… What’s happening? What’s going on?” Helpless pleas drowned in confusion.
Peter turned to face Tony, “He would rather people get tributes, and you know, this place was turned into a memorial way after Cap was gone. But they didn’t find a body to—“
“Rhodey, I need your help!”
“Better yet, let me do it.”
“Damsel!?” Steve repeated.
“Seems the Captain is on his way…” Hammer groaned. “And here I was having so much fun with my new toy.”
She had a level of strength that some may call superhuman, a true asset to the police force when she had joined, and was certainly an ability that no one wanted to mess with. As she charged in, she pummelled her fist into the now exposed circuitry and the leg began to spark, the circuitry fried by the powerful strike. The bot howled and continued its chant, though slightly distorted as it collapsed on its one good leg, kneeling there and trying to retaliate. Its mouth opened and of course, there had to be missiles.
Steve shook his head, pulling out his shield. It had been a long time, a very long time, and it felt good to hold her again. He had to stop his hand from smoothing over the slicked star spangled surface.  “Drop the accent pal, I can see right through it.”
Tony stopped, his hand placed over his chest for a while whilst JARVIS ran up to him and brushes its face against Tony in an attempt to lift his spirts enough to continue. Even Steve leaned over to comfort him, it seemed that even the memory of it was taking its toll on Tony.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh, he didn’t know if the lack of sleep was making him imagine things, but this just seemed stupid. He was never the religious type, nor had he ever been. He was raised in a home where science
Integration was a steady process that took a few weeks and a lot of unspoken grieving and visits to various memorial sites, all with Tony’s accompaniment. Steve was keen to explore and learn, as much as Tony was eager to show off and brag about the world that Steve had stepped into. A few mishaps occurred, such as Tony trying to show off the microwave and of course, Steve’s presence adding that extra pressure which made him slip and leave the fork in his dinner which caused a small explosion in the kitchen that was handled well one of Tony’s many fire extinguisher bots. Another setback to the grand re-opening of the Avengers mansion particularly considering the giant crater left in the kitchen.
of late.”
Their eyes crossed once more and upon seeing the tears trickle down the dark mauve bruise on Tony’s cheek the Super Soldier’s entire body began to tremble.  He caught the quiver of Steve’s strong jaw and reached his hand out – a bead of sweat plummeting to the ground, a scent of fear.
Filled with a burning conviction he stared at Steve, deep in the eyes, narrowing his own. He could hear the ringing of his heartbeat, together with the rain creating a melody. He didn’t want to fight Steve, not at all. He wanted to save him and he would make damn well sure that he did.
An arrow shot out, landing right in the centre of the 6-bot patrol. Without hesitation, the bots turned and honed in on the arrow. Alarm bells sounded while the arrow ticked once, then ticked twice, before beeping, and then-
“Umbrella!” Steve called out.
“How am I supposed to do that Steve? Don’t you dare, don’t you dare ask me to do such a thing!” He shouted, pointing at the glass with a quivering index finger, his entire body unable to stay still. He could feel his heart beating quicker and quicker as rage began to overcome the sadness. “Not after that, not again!”
“I’d appreciate that.”
“No, those wings, you better believe it pal, you’re an angel.” Steve replied as he attempted to swallow down his nervousness, though his bright pink cheeks were making it far too obvious as Tony stood so close to him that their chests almost touched. His wings fluttered and even the tips of the feathers turned pink. Tony noticed right away how the light seemed to go a strange red around Steve and pursed his lips in thought.
He took that as his cue to commence running. With fewer obstacles, he managed to leap from rooftop to rooftop. Steve kept up with his tremendous momentum as he jumped between gaps with precise accuracy, landing just on the edge of each rooftop before pushing against the gusts of wind that came his way and jumping to the next spot. Each leap and each bound brought him closer to
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony pressed his hand to one of the metal benches, clean cut, and titanium furnishings to match the chrome and platinum plated floors and walls. “Come on, I’ll walk you up.”
“Why not? Tony, considering Zola caught him, there could easily be something very extreme in his system.”
“Mmmph!”
But it was just that very fact about him, which Steve loved, amongst all the other traits he possessed of course.
“Tony, I’m… I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you, I’m sorry.” Steve said, proceeding to resume his position that he was in, resting his chin on Tony’s shoulder and hugging him tightly, feeling no protest from the man he held in his arms.
No, the thought of Captain America being part of a machine broke his heart. His hero couldn’t be. It wasn’t what he stood for.
Tony lifted the faceplate and stared, saying, “Just who the hell do you think I am? I got it from good ol’ jolly Saint Nick gave it to me in his bag of presents.”
He had to snap out of a daze, shaking his head a little. “Y-yeah, I got it…” He clutched Steve a little harder, leaning on him.
“Cap… Steve…” He walked up to him. “Fury said you were suffering from shellshock, that’s what you called it right? Nowadays, we call it something else… We call it Post Traumatic Stress… Now there are different ways to deal with it but we can get through this. Therapy is a big one and… Most people go through it, and it helps.” He’d even created a system for himself to vent his frustrations and act as a therapist of sorts, since he was never one to actually confess his problems to people. AI couldn’t judge him. “We’ll get you started right away.”
“It’s all I can promise you.”
!?” Norman moved his foot, stamping down hard on Tony’s hand, causing the man to yelp with pain, his head falling back. “So easy. If I’d known that you were alive I would’ve hunted you down sooner, made you join their ranks. But actually, now that you mention it, this is much more fun. You can watch now, you can watch every single one of them turn into my minions. At first, I wanted to destroy them; I wanted to kill them all so I weeded out the heroes one by one with my berserkers – my mobs of humans. And these were the prime specimens, the ones that survived the rat race. Survival of the fittest, as always, you should be well acquainted with that phrase by now. In some cases I didn’t even need to do any of the work, they would just kill and turn on each other, which was what I was hoping, would happen to you. Alas, you squirmed your way through the cracks like the maggot that you are.”
He nodded without a second thought, “You’re so… Smooth.” Steve’s metal fingers rubbed up and down his sides, the cold metal against him making him shudder and purr. With each touch he was becoming dizzier with lust, tilting his head back and enjoying the attention he was receiving. No one cared for him like that, not a single person he had been with had displayed the tenderness that Steve was doing at that moment in time.
Thankfully, he came back to life, like a miracle, like an angel and he could only hope the same for everyone he had buried ever since. Every time he would shut his eyes at a funeral he wouldn’t pray, he wasn’t religious – more agnostic, but that wouldn’t stop him from hoping that the same miracle would happen and that they would live again. Even now when he shut his eyes, it wasn’t only Jessica he hoped for. He’d hoped for everyone around him, all of his fallen toy soldiers and even the man who he couldn’t see amongst them… Captain America.
Tony didn’t reply, he just stared at his foot then back up at Steve, “I… I really kissed you?” He asked.
Steve frowned and gestured to MODOK frantically, “Tony, keep your head in THIS game, not those games!”
The others observed any changes in Steve’s brain activity with great caution. Once it was clear on the monitors that Steve’s brain activity had slipped to resemble that of someone in a coma, they settled down. Although they did register that Steve’s brain activity patterns were already abnormal before the injection, they had just been settled to a point that there was very minimal synapse activity, even more minimal than before…which would indicate that he was sedated. Steve lay still, his skin absurdly pale, dark veins patterning along his exposed skin. If anything, he looked like Snow White after she had bitten into the poison apple, with his beauty preserved behind that pane of glass. Tony trailed his fingers along Steve’s profile shamelessly, tracing how sharp it was when he was laying there on the ground. But he quickly realised that he couldn’t just leave Steve there; he sent in two more bots to reel in a steel bed. Carefully they both lifted the super soldier up, staggering a little with his weight and muscle mass, but they managed to raise him to place him on that table. Tony knew that the very table he was placed on looked more like a morgue table with the body placed on top of it, just waiting to be reeled into one of the many cases for a post-mortem. However, with the minimal brain activity still on screen, it was clear that Steve wasn’t alive…nor was he dead.
He was sent flying, being tackled and yanked downward as he watched the door he was trying so hard to reach slip away further and further. His eyes widened sharply as he squirmed and tried to fight, but the grip around him was just getting tighter and tighter. With a mighty kick he managed to push his way out of the vice grip, flying back and praying that the jets on his back were enough to keep him upright, knowing that his boots were faulty.
Being strapped to that rocket sent Steve into a fit of anxiousness, laying there against the smooth, cold surface made him relive in his head. There he was, soaring through the sky, able to hear Bucky. He tilted his head up, eyes fixed on the shadow of the boy, desperately trying to move his bound hands and reach for him. “Bucky!” He screamed. The Captain could even feel the wind push through his hair, the powerful gust as they flew higher and higher, but still he was unable to move.
“Operation Rebirth…” The large beige folder indicated, worn and used, frayed and dog-eared, and was clearly something that hadn’t been read in years. Tony took the folder in his arms to the desk, skimming through the frail papers trying not to damage them even more than they already had been. It looked like a relic, but the project judging by the dates, was relatively recent. No, that was until he spotted the date of initiation – dated back to World War II. His sapphire orbs widened with perplexity, the bridge of his brow creasing with perturbation. This was certainly something, and something that he doubted was even real in the first place. Sure he’d heard his father talk about this stuff, especially in regards to the Super Soldier Serum and the experiment that spawned a hero called Captain America – but he was killed in action long ago, that was the verdict. Howard had been searching for years and years to no avail.
“T— “ Steve’s blue orbs shot wide open and his voice held that note.
Steve pointed to the elevator. “Is that too easy?”
“I’m fine, kid…” he mumbled, though his voice not reflecting his words in the slightest.
“Do you want me to slow down, Mr. Rogers? Your heartrate has vastly increased.” The soft silky smooth voice of AI spoke from the dashboard.
The lab assistants and doctors huddled around Steve, observing every twitch until his lids lifted with shock, blinking a few times, attempting to gain some sort of focus.
“What’s with all the commotion boys?” Tony asked.
MODOK circled around to watch Steve, crying out with dismay as he caught the sound of bullets flying off metal parts, growling and sneering “Watch that! Its sensitive equipment you buffoon!”
“What?” Hammer’s eyes shot wide open and he scrambled to his feet, trying to shed himself of the broken, heavy suit parts.
Steve sniffed the air a few times. “Minty?”
“Well as you can see, my hands are tied, literally.”
Tony’s expression softened and his heart lifted, pushing himself up to his feet and offering his hand to Steve. “Come on Winghead, we’ve got a job to do.”
“I know the feeling.” Steve nodded sagely. “My ma always wanted me to join the force so here I am, don’t regret it for a second. Though what gave it away?”
Steve bit down on the inside of his lip, eyes calmly gazing over the stunning shimmering beauty that was Superior Iron Man. He admired every small bend, every detail, every glowing light that appeared to change colour intensity depending on the mood of the wearer, so he hypothesised, internally noting to put that to the test. “So, are we going to take care of business?”
“Now carefully get the green and blue, try and connect them to the base control panel, which is the green thing you see right there.” Tony pointed, using his repulsor as a light over Cap’s shoulder.
“Steve…” He mouthed, his right arm, his augmented hand being the only ligament strong enough to reach for him, touching the reactor but maintaining a very broken line of eye contact. “Don’t let the devil hold you…” The engineer mustered enough strength up to say.
“I don’t know this tech, Peter. I’ve been in a coma for this long, I knew how the prosthetics would work because Stark Industries was actually had a few in the works, but brain chips? That’s a completely different story.”
There he is again, my father. He always seems to prop up in conversation. One would think if you hate someone that much that you would stop thinking about them, but he’s always there and he always haunts me. He introduced me to my demon after all, that demon in a bottle that comes after me time after time, the demon that no one can protect me from but myself. It’s in that moment that my eye catches the label again and I would sit and think back to my first sip. I was young, a kid, and my father made me taste it claiming that it’d make me a real man. I remember my first taste like it was yesterday; the bitter aftertaste that burned my throat the moment that I inhaled after drinking it, along with that an astringent quality without any sweetness. I would hope that would make me a man in my father’s eyes, but no, it wasn’t enough. It was never enough; even if I did everything he asked it was never enough.
There was no pain between them, just heartbreak.
Another look was exchanged between the trio, but the most reliving aspect of it all was that Peter had calmed down from the hysterical rage that he was in not too long ago.
He began to tremble, taking a few steps back before falling to his knees and clutching his head, hands digging into his scalp. “B-Bucky!”
Steve closed his eyes. His heart beat slowed. Suddenly the loud noises were muffled…
Peter was the next to go, with Carol holding up the lid to the manhole. He positioned himself and scrunched up his face, holding his nose.
“You mean you’re screwing with his mind.” That much was clear. Wires around the brain, screens, neuro-schematics flashing up on the charts. “You missed the news; Fury’s not running this joint anymore.” He took a moment, putting on that face that he had dropped, fierce, sturdy, his iron mask. “You’re dismissed.”
It could’ve been said that Tony feared her, just a little, but that generated more of an unspoken respect. She was strong, loyal, powerful, stunning and definitely not to be messed with.
“Let me look after you this time, Tony, you’ve done enough for me. You brought me here, you kept me safe… I vaguely remember something with Crossbones…”
“Hey, Jess! This guy’s going to be paired up with the detective!” Clint hollered.
Tony couldn’t gather his thoughts and sort them; instead all he could think about was how hungry he was and how good that smell was too.
Tony Stark had passed out.
“Hold on tight!” Steve said, managing to get one of his hands safe and secure on a small nook that was in some of the panel work, his young sidekick did the same with the both of them shutting their eyes as the plane began to take to the sky. It was then that they knew that they didn’t have long.
Once the cybernetic legs were torn off, leaving only the torso, the head and one arm, he stared at Steve. The sparkle in his eye was faded; he stared with a dull culpability.
Even adrenaline fuelled, it wasn’t enough to speak quickly. Steve ran toward him, tackling him down by the torso and punching into his chest. Tony tried to punch him back as hard as he could with his augmented hand, using the one shot arm thruster he’d installed, making his hit far more powerful than before. It was enough to shove Steve back, and bought him enough time to crawl toward Norman, but just as he had managed to get close, the super soldier yanked him back by the ankles. Steve was so strong that he tore off one of the boot covers, crushing Tony’s left foot with a mighty crack. Never before had Tony felt such a powerful electric surge shoot up his entire body – the augmentations he had were connected to his nervous system.
He trailed his gauntlet covered hand over Steve’s chest, just over the star of his shirt. He wished for that second that he could feel the soft movements of his chest again, the ones Steve would make whenever he would breathe the same soft huffs and rise and fall of his chest that would put him to sleep.  He wished to feel the warmth of Steve’s skin, the smooth texture, the feeling of his golden soft hair that resembled the touch of feathers between his own fingers. Tony bit down on his lower lip. Perhaps he wasn’t thinking straight, perhaps the depression, anxiety and stress was finally getting to his head but he just wanted to obey that yearning, have something to himself just for once. It wasn’t selfish to want to feel the man he loved just once more.
“Lost who?”
“Those.” Steve gestured to Tony’s back, and watched the man look over his shoulder, “They’re… Broken, but it’s okay Tony, I’ll fix them. I’m here to fix them, I must be. That must be my purpose.” He said with a smile.
“Shut up…!” Tony cried out, but with an upward flick of the corner of his lips, staring down at Steve who decided to slither back up Tony’s body and kiss him lovingly, sustaining the movements, hearing Tony’s moans in his mouth even as he kissed him.
“And gadgets, and brilliant side-team, and partner.” He clapped his hand around Steve’s shoulder.
Steve leaped upward and delivered a powerful strike with the heel of his foot, crashing it down on Tony’s shoulder and sending him face down into the floor again.
“I’m sure I love you.” Steve replied keeping their bodies tangled together.
Steve was quick to notice the strange fall in Tony’s tone. “Not too keen on him…?” Was he prying, perhaps a little too soon? It’s only been a matter of hours since they had first met and here he was discussing father issues. Tony didn’t really reply, just sucked lightly on the inside of his lower lip until he composed himself enough to meet Steve’s eyes again.
Tony dropped Steve down in front of the two. Steve’s clean uniform was smeared with the blood from Tony’s missing arm having brushed against it while in his grip.
“S-steve... No... This...”
Tony sighed and patted the dashboard, the car slowing down a little—just close enough to hear what they had to say.
Natasha fastened her gun and unlatched the safety, aiming just over Steve and Tony’s shoulders.
“I’m sorry, Doctor Doom!” The head yelled in that high pitch screech of a voice that it had, manically trying to return to the robots that were set up in a line by the back of the huge, dark room only lit by torches and a couple of monitors.
“It was part of me.” He admitted.
The young cop panted to catch his breath, struggling to speak for a moment. “Mmm-ma’am…” he managed to say between huge puffs. “What seems to be the problem?”
“He’s not a beast, he’s still our Captain, aren’t you Steve?”
“Nothin’, s’not important. Let’s get going.” Tony flicked his antennae, “I’m pickin’ up a new job… Another kitten, down by the fancy houses…” Maybe he was a little too used to being called a ‘thing’, but it wasn’t his fault – but Steve didn’t know that. Anyway, Tony’s priority was not to get too attached, partners like this one always left for one reason or another, he was just counting the seconds now.
Their duty was to serve as soldiers of God. To fulfil the word of the creator. Protect and guard with the purest of souls finally getting to return to heaven, where they shall get all they have ever dreamed of; past the golden gates and into paradise to rest for eternity in bliss.
“Wait, no… I didn’t mean.” He held out his hand. “Can I—Steve, what can I do for you, what can I do to show you that I know what I am?”
the factory.
Zola was taking great enjoyment in Tony’s pain, replying with distorted laughs through his systems speakers, receiving hit after hit from Tony’s metal gauntlet until there were spider-web cracks all over the screen.
“You look after me, you do this… For me…” He blabbered incoherently, his vocabulary becoming somewhat limited. His fingers pushed deeper, moving inward and then out, slowly at first but as Steve got the hang of it, he moved faster.
It was time to seek comfort in the one thing he knew would look after him, as he reached into his pocket and pulled out the Alcoholics Anonymous chip he had earned for managing to stay sober for one entire year. One entire year without even a sip of whiskey was an amazing feat for Tony, but he couldn’t have done it without the help of Steve. It was then that he remembered when he had suddenly had the feeling of being drunk overwhelm him during delivering his speech in the UN conference and completely losing it, after that he had gone to find the reasoning why he had felt this way only to have Hank yell at him and Clint make jokes about how it was typical of him to fall off the wagon. Throughout that entire argument there was one person who believed him about really being sober, and that was Steve who turned around, placed his hand on Tony’s shoulder and said the words he would never forget;
All Victor needed to do was snap his fingers and the wall panel to his left turned around like a secret passage, revealing Reed strapped to the wall, his body frozen and in tight binds with smoke from the liquid nitrogen misting around the man, causing his teeth to chatter. Of course, the only way to restrict rubber was to freeze it – science class 101.
Tony swivelled around, expecting to see yet another hoard of berserkers but seeing something quite different, something that made his heart stop for that very second.
“Enough dillydallying Tony, let’s get going.”
Doom was becoming angrier and angrier by the second, and with that came more frantic blasts of lightening from his fingertips, Tony and Steve ducking from side to side, pulling one another to help evade the powerful beams coming right at them. As much as Tony wanted to shoot back, he needed to power up his repulsors before they could fire, and that power-up time couldn’t be achieved when he was dashing from place to place.
“W-what?” He replied with a laugh, opening his eyes from such a relaxed state. He had a smile gently decorating his face, so soft and naive. For that moment when they crossed eyes again, Steve met the eyes of the child he had seen in his memories.
“I’m not perfect Tony, far from it. But trust me, you’re an angel, I just want you to believe that.”
He wasn’t showing any signs of fatigue as he powered through the swarm, but as he carried on, his eyes began to feel heavy, his breathing followed. He blamed it on feeling out of breath and the amount of dust that was scattered around the place. Out from behind one of the machines, he could see a man in a dark purple suit, pinstriped and extremely well fitted to his lean figure – The Purple Man, Zebediah Killgrave. And, of course, next to him was Justin Hammer, looking a little too smug. Tony tried to open his mouth to shoot out a retort but as he opened it the words failed to escape. It was as though they were trapped at the bottom of his throat. Instantly his hands went for his neck, trying to wring the words out.
It felt like all the muscles in his face had forgotten how to smile. Even though his eyes were shut, he smiled.
His heart felt as though it was about ready to jump right out through his throat.
“Tony…” Steve’s eyes filled with sorrow, a weakness in his voice, remembering the moment that he had visited Tony after his memory was lost.
“Why can’t I enter?” Steve asked, after hours, days, weeks of waiting, he would ask the same question over and over.
Deeper they went, and both of them could feel each other drowning in ecstasy. Mid moan Tony was cut off by a passionate kiss, although Steve loved to hear him cry out his name, he also loved to know that he knew exactly how to shut him up.
“Do you like him..?” The distorted voice asked again.
“It’s… This…”
“Yeah, true that. I am happy for being here, don’t get me wrong. Better here than being probed by an alien race or something,” he said with a shrug.
“Looking for some food there?” Peter asked, pulling away from his bowl of fruit loops.
“Better than ever to be honest, I feel rejuvenated.”
Steve’s face flushed completely, and he grabbed his shirt from the floor, slipping it on and pulling Tony out too, who decided to opt out of doing his buttons up, quite proudly flaunting the love bites that Steve had left down his neck. They both cleared their throats and fixed their hair, Tony turning to help Steve neaten up his blond mop.
He wanted to say more
“It’s nothing; we just need to get you in that room for a second, just to run a few more tests.” Tony reassured him, heavy words coming from a heavy heart filled with regret, feeling as though he were truly betraying someone he held so close to his own heart. But it needed to be done; it was in Steve’s best interests, so he was telling himself.
“Technically evolution is a science, I’m just saying. Adaptation, survival of the fittest. Charles Darwin. Probably the first lesson you were ever taught throughout genetic engineering.”
“Were we spotted? You know, if we
Steve’s eyebrows raised with intrigue as Tony reached into the briefcase he’d carried that was now his suit, having picked it up on his way out, and slotting out a piece and tapping on it until it lit up with a cyan shimmer, creating a flatbed tablet with holograms.
“Other things to do? There’s a giant robot rampaging the city, and they’re bein’ hunted, how can they have other things to do?” Clint groaned from his car via the radio.
confident about his sedative being able to work on Steve for prolonged periods of time.
“I’ll let him rewire mine.” The dark haired woman said after a moment of contemplation. The second she spoke Carol grabbed her arm and looked her sternly in the eyes. The possessive grab made Jessica cringe, but it wasn’t as though she wasn’t used to it. She pulled away and stepped toward the man, holding her head up high. “Try me.”
“She’s wearing an all-black fur coat, with a diamond necklace!”
“I can’t do this!” He yelled. The emotions had suddenly become overwhelming and suffocating; there was no way, no matter how hard he tried that he could live up to those expectations. Steve was the man his father would always prattle on about, this was the very man that he had comics, posters and action figures of.
“Tony… We’ll take care of him. We’ll bring about justice. Don’t let your anger cloud your judgement, we’ll get everyone back and we’ll take care of him.” Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder trying to inspire him again, but was distracted by movement that came from the door that they’d used to get into the place. “I think we have company.”
The metal suit sizzled and cracked off. That was one arm taken care of, but Hammer was a man of many tricks and began shooting lasers at the two, flailing his hand around with a faulty sense of accuracy. It made it harder to predict a man who clearly had no idea what he was doing, and Tony hid behind Steve’s shield, waiting for his repulsor to recharge and giving the Captain the nod to surge forward, throwing his entire weight into a brutal drop-kick.
The man fired the gun and hit the ground, his vision shaky from how scared he was of the two beasts that literally tore the civilian apart.  The gunshot made Steve take a few steps to the man that was targeting Tony, he snapped his teeth at the cop that fired again at Tony, this time Steve managed to intercept the bullet. It tore through his chest and failed to even phase the shadow of a man that was left standing, taking the opportunity of shock that flustered the cop to jump him, biting into his neck and hearing a blood curdling scream escape before he ripped further and further into him with his bare teeth.
“What now?”
“Team?” The signal was still filled with static. “Team, your opponents, they’re probably under the influence of the Purple Man, I don’t know why, or how— “
“Great, no sugar?”
Reed Richards
The smell had led them to a woodland area of the park, a mini forest with a tiny man-made pond. Tony stepped through the water, reaching a tiny man-made creak to spot a little girl clutching a doll with Steve craning his neck to spot her too. She was whimpering, crying as she held the toy bunny in front of her face. Eventually she peered over the top of the doll and began to shake more at the sight of the two. Steve tilted his head at her, feeling a sinking feeling swirl within him, with that he turned and dragged Tony away.
“Tony. Tony it is. Goodnight, Tony.” Steve smiled as he spoke, waving to him and walking off to his own room.
“Thank you, Tony. I should’ve said it a lot sooner, but thanks to you I’m walking, thanks to you I’m here, right now.”
Tony raised his hips, rubbing his rear against Steve’s hips in a soft grinding motion. He was going with it, he’d never done this but he needed to feel him, he needed to
“I’ve got that one!” Steve called back, kicking down a drone mid-flight that was ready to strike Tony, and sending it right into the marble floor they were standing on.
“You’ll get a cold. The last thing we want is a sick soldier.”
“I know you don’t…” Steve tried to put himself in Tony’s shoes that moment. “Just…” Steve’s arm quivered and he turned from the glass, walking to another side of the room and punching the wall with frustration. The loud sound of impact made Tony jump.
“Mr Stark! Please!”
Steve looked at him, feeling the slip of breath near his ear, every small hesitation and hitch. He placed him back down to the ground, temporarily.
Killgrave’s finger tapped the bottom of his chin as he eyed Iron Man, laying there still, a pained expression painted over his face. It was extremely satisfying to see Tony suffering again, but this would definitely be his own comeuppance considering how the last time he had planned something to this magnitude it was messed up by Captain America himself. It was about time the mighty Captain paid for what he had done. His plan was going so perfectly until Steve had come along, and now it was his chance to continue where he had left off; for Tony to feel what it was like to destroy his team mate. It was all part of a larger plan he had in mind.
“That’s what she said.”
“Don’t you love him?”
“I’ll get you something, some meat, anything, I’ll fix you.”
That was the perfect opportunity to divide and conquer. The instant one was ushered toward the noise, the other remained in position. Steve ran as quickly as he could, losing his footing for a moment on the boot but catching it as he leaped up behind the man and elbowed him hard around the crook of his neck, hitting the nerve and sending the large mass of muscle to the floor, dragging him quickly into the building so he didn’t attract attention. Tony meanwhile crept up behind the distracted guard and pounced on him from behind. Pinching the nerve around his neck just like Steve had taught him to, muffled by Tony’s metallic hand that was wrapped around his mouth. When the man finally fell limp, Tony copied exactly what Steve had done and dragged the man inside, placing them by the door. They were stunned, but that meant that they had to be as quick as they could before they woke up again.
“No way in hell!”
As soon as Steve heard that panicked voice the other side of his watch-radio he ran out of his house and pressed a couple of buttons on his watch, and before he knew it the car with HELEN was parked right outside, engine running and rearing to go. He buttoned up his shirt and slipped on his uniform properly, at least that way no one would question why he was using a police car to get to this place, and no one would stop him for breaking the speed limit either. The last thing he wanted was to be stopped by the police.
Then they heard a sound.
Steve bit his lower lip for a moment, and then gave him a nod of consent, hearing the loud click of Tony’s customised arc-reactor style belt, then the raise of his hip as he pulled it through the rest of the rungs on his trousers until it slid off the cotton sheets. Instinctively he reached for Steve belt too, pulling at it, feeling his way around all five points on the star, then finally unbuckling it and letting it too take its place in what he intended to be the mass of clothes.
Peter didn’t know how to react in that situation. He’d become protective over the tiny group that he had left but those two were power figures within their own right. Especially Carol; he most definitely didn’t want to mess with her.  But they let Peter have his time with this ‘Tony’ so now it was time to let her, as much as he wanted to intervene, and he knew he definitely would once his spider sense took hold.
Clint definitely heard that and directed his full attention toward Steve. “Hey, newbie, I wouldn’t be getting cocky. Even though Carol’s gone ahead and told you my entire life story. But yeah, new guy… Wait, wait, you’re THE new guy, aren’t you? The one that’s gonna be the detective’s new partner?”
Steve opened his eyes, letting them adjust to the light, but seeing a dark shadow behind Tony rise taller, before spotting the menacing yellow narrowed slits. “Tony!” In that split second Tony was plucked from his arms, the metal red hand reaching for Steve and slipping out of his grip, just as Bucky had. Time slowed, he watched him get pulled away, get torn out of his classic armour like an oyster from a shell, and then away, crashing through the ceiling and out of the mansion roof.
Steve picked Tony up by the neck, squeezing the crimson armour tightly, staring down at him with a stare of stone. “All threats will be destroyed.”
“Teenagers…” Bruce muttered as he head back to relax.
It was taking hours to sift through all the rubble, even with his new arm, which from time-to-time sent surges through his body, forcing him to tremble whilst his muscles began to seize. Occasionally it would stunt his progress, but he tried to shift through as much as he could, pushing the bars to one side and throwing stones back. He was sure the last thing he had seen was Steve, so he concentrated his efforts on the area he had woken up in – though when he had woken he was on top of more rubble, he prayed Steve was under that pile but so far no good.
; the lab that he had spent the majority of his time within that all for the better word was more of a home to him than any other location within the building. His scanners began scouring the area on his command. Cyan screens appeared before his eyes, detailing and profiling every device until he spotted a mirror that was docked on a circular platform. It stood apart, almost as though it was a trophy on a stand…of course, unlike some sort of sports trophy, the mirror was protected by soft humming red lasers. Tony wanted to roll his eyes at this seemingly pathetic attempt at security as though it were some sort of pre-emptive measure once Reed had discovered Tony’s interest in the device, but instead just waved his hand and smirked. His mind went into the system, reading binary as though it were simple text in a book and re-writing it to his fancies. The encryption was easy to bypass given that he had hacked into much more sophisticated systems before. His eyes changed colour momentarily to a hue of red whilst his mind focused on keying in a number of codes to access the systems that powered the red beams. It had taken precisely three minutes forty five seconds (as he had predicted whilst formulating the initial plan on his way to the building initially) until the lights flickered and the red laser lines faded entirely. The red hue of his eyes that the lights on his armour matched in tone faded and he continued, running his fingertips idly through his windswept hair that poked over the crown of his remaining helmet.
“He threw me away.” The robot admitted, “Jarvis had put me here, hiding.”
“Not kill, just subdue you, by knocking you clean out!” It was time for a change of plan. “Go go Uni-beam!” He held his arms out, that light in the centre of his chest glowing brightly, but instead of anything happening a toothbrush extended from under the collar of his jacket and went for his teeth. “No no! I said Uni-beam! Not teeth-clean!” Tony yelped and flailed at his jacket, getting the toothbrush to retract away, back into hiding. If there was one time he didn’t want his mechanics to falter, it was right now.
run off the moment that she thought symbiote-infused armour was a bad idea. It had crossed his mind to show her the wonders of Extremis first-hand, but he couldn’t justify coercing her in such a fashion. He still had that much dignity…
Days had passed since, and the rebuild of the city had commenced, with the Avengers standing as the leading body.
“You’re awake.”
Without thinking he stood up, shedding the blanket that kept him warm. With that instant the cold surged up his spine and made him tremble. Never in his life had he run to the bathroom so quickly to leap under the hot water that sprouted through the golden faucet the moment he taps it.
Steve’s eyes shot open at what was before him. Bruises coated Tony’s upper torso to his shoulder, down his arms, which was why he hadn’t been wearing anything sleeveless lately. “What happened to you…?” He whispered in shock.
Sooner or later Tony arrived with a pile of clothes for Steve to try on, with shoes too – loads of different kinds. He wondered what would fit over the huge bionic legs, standing there in front of the newly made pile with his hand stroking through his goatee. “I think there’s only one pair that’ll fit over those,” he said, grabbing the knee-high Converse and then pairing it with a pair of gym shorts. Before Tony could reach for a garish looking flower printed shirt, Steve tugged the white t-shirt closer to him. He was forced to shed himself of his old uniform, tattered and torn, leaving it to one side with a bitter taste in his mouth. He hated leaving it behind, but he knew Tony would design a new one – it was just the sentiment behind the previous outfit that he’d miss.
His own memories were blurring, they were bending, they were leaking and bleeding into one another like the water touched ink on paper.
“F-fuck…”
“Pull over!” he demanded.
Steve dipped his head lower to kiss his reactor again and Tony let out a broken groan, the strange sensation being so satisfying. “Keep going…”
Inhale deeply.
“Look at me, open your eyes.” He demanded.
“I know, I know but we were closer.” Tony began to say. “Listen, we got him, didn’t we?”
Caps head was hung, his mop of blond hair shadowing his eyes, body slumped forward and only held by the restraints that kept him pinned to the glowing mass behind him. Blood trickled over those delicate heart shaped lips that Tony had once pressed his own to.
“Tigra and Luke… Danny got out lucky, but he’s gone somewhere else to deal with his own thing. Can’t imagine how much that was killing him…”
