Sherlock was about to ask directions to this park when he caught sight of Henry’s therapist, sitting up at the bar with a large glass of white wine in her hand, clearly this would be a golden opportunity to get some information of Henry’s situation. The only thing was, he was rubbish at interviewing people, it was John who was the master charmer, not him, somehow he didn’t think that John would be up to doing him a favour though, still he had to try and when John was finished talking to her, he and John could talk and he could tell John about
’ he put the cup on a saucer and strode over to John’s side with it, John who had been so deep in thought that he started when Sherlock appeared beside him with a suspicious looking cup.
That was when Sherlock caught sight of the mirror across the room and saw his lovely little Omega looking back at him through the glass before a smirk took hold of his lips and John gave one more mighty push down against Sherlock’s upwards thrust so his knot popped inside and just like that John was coming and clenching hard around him. This was the moment that instinct took over completely and Sherlock shot up to sink his teeth into the back of John’s neck, finalizing their bond as his knot expanded and streams of release shot inside John’s body. John moaned at the feeling of being filled with Sherlock’s seed that seemed to be an unlimited source and he tried to pull forward into a more accommodating position but Sherlock’s teeth wouldn’t release John until the first wave of his orgasm had subsided. When that finally happened and Sherlock pulled back gently, John didn’t have the strength to do anything and they both ended up falling backwards onto the bed, still locked together.
"If you don't mind me asking, John, but you're an Omega like me, yes?" Henry questioned, looking over his shoulder at the doctor whose eyes flicked to Henry's and he nodded tersely, he had a felling he knew where this was going.
of the chest of drawers being tipped over. Not to mention the state of the carpet which was covered in various bodily fluids, even the bloody bed hadn’t survived because of Sherlock’s instincts guiding him to drag the mattress to the empty corner of the room and make a nest of pillows and blankets for John to rest on after he caught an odd, but not unpleasant, scent on the man.
but most of all he could feel the thump of a heartbeat against his side. Sherlock made a decision then as he buried his face into John’s hair, he would never,
"John Watson, Would you do me the honour of letting me share your heat and bond with you, love?" The endearment came as a bit of shock to them both but Sherlock got his answer when John closed the gap between him, wrapping his arms around the Alpha’s neck and kissing him deeply and as he slid his own arms around John’s waist to pulling him on his tiptoes to press as close as possible, Sherlock wondered why he had ever protested something that felt this good in first place.
"I’m just getting a towel then I’ll be back." Sherlock assured and tugged free of John’s grip making the man whine but Sherlock ignored him in favour of heading for that towel he promised, before he reached for the fluffy blue thing he reached over to pull the plug in the bath, knowing John would shout at him for leaving it where he in his right mind but when Sherlock stepped through the door back into the bedroom, three things happened.
Henry had been every bit the polite host and offered them both a cup of tea, leaving out the milk and sugar for John and Sherlock to use at their leisure, he told them about his therapy session with Dr. Mortimer and John noted down the two words ‘Liberty’ and ‘In’ that Henry said had appeared when he was remembering that afternoon. Electing to be professional John turned to Sherlock when Henry was putting the milk back.
’ isn’t that the expression? The only true freedom." He answered softly, John nodded and a silence fell over them again, John closed his eyes for a moment and when they opened he moved as if to speak but Henry had returned by then.
"I dunno." Sherlock answered laying his head on John’s shoulder, John turned his head to the side and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s soft curls, making the man smile and snuggle in further to John’s side.
“She was breathing our air,” John said. “The class Ms are the main suspects. A closer look, please?”
All John knew was that he wanted answers. The landing party had had the new intradermal universal translator crystals installed, so theoretically they’d be able to understand the answers they got.
He dropped the salute, and everyone else dropped theirs. Then anyone away from their station moved to resume it. All very casual… but John’s eyes followed Anderson a bit grimly as he made his way back to the helm.
John thought, and paused, just the tiniest bit irked at having to be even this much delayed, but all the same glad of anything that would divert him from having to watch Lieutenant Tuson and Ensign Rance pretend not to be glaring at one another. “A minute,” John said.
“Sh’lok,” John said, “no. Stay right where you are. Your presence is absolutely necessary. Required, even.”
Sh’lok probably would have. Hell, he deduced two whole tours of duty from looking at my damn tan lines, so why not? I probably just wasn’t moving right or something.”
John wanted to blush. It was like someone with an old-fashioned military fetish and a half-hidden hankering for other fetishes too had designed this thing.
“I am a Vulcan,” any listener in Sickbay would have heard Sh’lok say as he turned that waiting fire on the agony with which his enemy tried once more to assail him. “I am a Vulcan. There is no pain.
John got himself a coffee from the Mess in passing and made his way from there back to his quarters. There he drank some of the coffee, hating it but knowing that tea wouldn't have enough caffeine, and tried to read, and was unable to concentrate, and drank the rest of the coffee, and fretted.
John squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, took a deep breath, and started laughing again for entirely different reasons. He put a hand up to the dark curls and ran his fingers softly through them, caressing.
Part of the fretting, he eventually realised, was due to once more coming up against confirmation that human beings could, indeed, be very nasty pieces of work. Often enough over the last few months the universe had taken a moment to rub his nose in that conclusion. And here he was again, left looking at a shadowy prospect that was in its way far less easy to bear or to come to grips with than even the oppressive darkness in the tunnels of Janus VI.
John caught Anderson’s forward wrist, sidehand-chopped the knife out of it, then grabbed him by the elbow and yanked him hard across the table. A second edgehand strike to the back of his neck just at the base of his skull, and down Anderson went, slumping by the table, collapsed against the wall.
The eyes, ice-blue still, went to John and held there a moment. “On the whole, Captain… I believe I am quite fit.” The pause that followed suggested that there was much more that could be said. “But I will feel even better, I think, when we are back aboard
John hitched himself up enough off the bed to get his trousers slid down, then kicked them to the floor and turned to half-face Sh’lok. For a second or three John sat there with one leg now partially up on the bed and bent at the knee, his crotch angled toward the man who still sat gazing down at it, his thumbs hooked into the waistband of his own trousers, seemingly forgotten.
Sh’lok turned to him. “Captain, there is a thing that happens to Vulcans at this time… almost an insanity. Which you would no doubt find distasteful.”
Sh’lok didn’t answer—just reached out with one hand for the stylus lying on the nearby padd, picked it up.
John looked from officer to officer waiting for any of them to come up with anything better. Lestrade just looked down at his still, silent patient, then up at John again. “If you don't find it in twenty-four hours, John," he said, "you'd better forget the whole thing.”
“Well, sir,” Hudson said, sounding dubious, “I can throw together some odds and ends, but it won't hold for long. Forty-eight hours maybe, with a bit of luck.”
suck, doesn’t it,” John said, resigned. “I probably just ordered a chicken sandwich and coffee or something.” He paused, sighed. “No, it wouldn’t be chicken, would it. Avocado club…?”
“Several thousand years at least, Captain,” said Bradstreet, after another glance down the viewer. “Only a thin band of terrain in the tropical zone is ice-free.”
“Ask me no further questions,” Sh’lok said, and there was a hint of that anger again, but held down for the moment… just barely. “I will not answer!”
So unsettled by the conversation in the lift was he that John found he needed to just go walkabout for half an hour or so to recover, stopping in at several departments that  were easily at the bottom of his present go-see-them list (if in fact they’d been on it to begin with), and as a result confusing everybody. In Botany he even somehow managed to get into a brief altercation with Mr. Dimmock’s normally sweet-tempered
It took a breath or two for Sh’lok to compose himself. He let go of John and pulled his tunic down a tad, and cleared his throat a bit, and blinked a couple of times, and then made the most charming attempt at resuming normal operations that John had ever seen. “I am—
But then it moved again, shuffling toward them, and John immediately fired, training the phaser’s beam on a spot near the creature’s front end and rightward flank. A second later Sh'lok's beam was hitting the same spot, holding there—
“Gentlemen,” Kara said. Even in just the one word, the contrast between the little-girl voice of moments before and the confident one of now was striking. “The Controller's explanation of the functioning of the Teacher is essentially correct. However, he is giving no credit to me.
There was a pause. Even half-awake, he knew what would come after it, for it was the only thing that provoked that particular pause.
John saw her carriage go erect with determination, and smiled through a moment’s concern for those other poor ships’ captains, who—assuming she
“First, the automatic machinery, piece by piece, started to almost disintegrate. Metal began dissolving away. There was no reason for it, and our chemists were unable to analyse the corrosive agent.”
Sh’lok stood there a little hunched over, his hands still clasped before him, the fingers still working. John could see even from where he stood how white the knuckles were. “My friend,” Sh’lok said, low and hoarse, “does not understand!”
Right now, as he pushed through the darkness, John understood that he’d already given this Sh’lok a taste of that surprise.
John watched the indicator for some moments more, because it was a way not to have to look at Sh’lok. But then he realised that the indicator, much to his surprise, was beginning to slide downward somewhat.
and so many other things, reaching deep, spreading wide. Just touching the thoughts that Sh’lok’s silent wistful hopes had wrapped about the word in the past, both distant and recent, made something in John echo like a struck gong… the sound and feeling of the longing resonances filling him full right out to the surface of his skin. He felt in himself Sh’lok’s certainty that once you were
Slowly he went over to stand by Sh’lok, looked up into his face. For a moment he didn’t speak, as he tucked his arms behind himself and gave his First Officer a moment more to volunteer something.
Quietly John got up to move around to the other side of Sh’lok’s desk, to stand by him. Absently he noted the chessboard set up on the shelf-pedestal behind the desk, and how there was something familiar about the way its pieces were set up. But that could wait.
John watched the panel. The pointer on it ascended rapidly into the redline area of the diagnostic slider and wavered there. He gritted his teeth at the sight of it.
“There does seem to be a lot of it about,” Sh’lok said, looking equally resigned. “Regrettable, as it’s hardly best practice… At any rate, when the humanoid settlement-leader before Kara engaged the Teacher, the parameters for the species to be acquired as the replacement were somehow garbled. As a result, the vessel sent out to acquire the replacement Controller came back with a brain from a passing polymath of the Ardiri species.”
“I see no alternative myself, Captain,” Sh’lok said; and though his tone was even, an educated ear could hear the sorrow in it. “It merely seems a pity.”
Sh’lok sat up beside John and gave him a look of slight disappointment. “You will not allow me to accompany you?”
“As I recall,” Sh’lok said, sliding his arms up around John’s back and starting to knead at his shoulders, “it was yours.”
Mrs Hudson nodded. “But when two adjacent universes affect one another in an abnormal way,” she said, “the resonance degrades fairly quickly as a result. They fall apart from one another, become inaccessible.”
John looked back at Sh’lok with slight relief. The moment of stress seemed to have passed, enough for John to feel comfortable smiling a little. “I suppose,” he said, “most of us overlook the fact that even Vulcans aren't indestructible.”
“Mr. Bradstreet, lay in a course for Vulcan. Tell Engineering I want warp eight or better. Push her for all she'll take.”
of him alone was shocking. Crewmen stuck their heads out lab and office and quarters doors to stare, wide-eyed. “I order you,” the man yelled at the poor Security men hauling him along (who, Sh’lok thought, were probably intending to dine out on this event for years), “Let me go! Traitors! Sh’lok!
“Yes,” John said. “Here. Not our universe, not our ship. Something…” He groped for the right word, found it.
“Hardly nothing, Captain, when one compares such occupations to the dubious pleasure of being poked and prodded by the Doctor and dosed with his noxious potions—”
biology,” Sh’lok said, the emphasis he added to the word suggesting that speaking the phrase at all was causing him near-physical pain… and adding the blatant subtext
“I’m not so sure about that last assertion, Mr. Sh’lok,” Lestrade said. He had been making some adjustments to the control console. Now he brought them each out a set of goggles to wear during the test, as under the present conditions some light leakage was inevitable. “If you’re wrong on that, there’s going to be one hell of a cleanup job to follow as we round up all the people who
The creature they’d felled had lifted itself up off the ground and flung itself through the air straight at Sh’lok’s back. It struck him between the shoulderblades, and instantly Sh’lok reeled back against the wall by the stairs, his face contorted in pain.
Sh’lok rolled his eyes in the manner of a man dismissing a trifle. “If you seek my advice, John, I believe we should go on as we have been doing. It’s not as if our commitment to one another would seem likely to provoke either of us into violating our oaths to first protect the crew and the ship.
Lestrade was looking dubiously at the two of them. “You’re both missing something. Even if it was physiologically possible, silicon-based life wouldn’t be able to exist in an oxygen atmosphere!”
John thought. He might not ever have got on with Harry, might have preferred to keep her at a distance. But he hadn’t ever wanted her
you were being stupid. And if after that you ignored Sh’lok’s advice and ordered him to do something that went against it, he would simply nod and accept the command without further comment (until later, when it was all over and you were both in private). Sh’lok did not abuse officers of lower rank nor speak disrespectfully to those who were higher.
The space between Vulcan and Altair VI was fairly star-sparse, and at warp two the occasional stars that could be seen appearing to move from this viewpoint drifted by over and around and beneath
Mr. Sh’lok turned to the facility chief. “Mr. Vanderberg, may I ask at which level you discovered the nodules of silicon?”
. And the arousal was both shared and becoming unbearably arousing on the other side of the union too.
He launched himself at John as if to bodily stop him from going, actually grappling with him. “It’s all right!” John said, “just let us—”
“Yes,” Lestrade said. “As long as you’re not forgetting that there are over a million colonists on that planet down there… people who’re just as much your responsibility. They need your help, too.”
The Vulcan knelt, reached out to the Horta. Even before he touched it, John could feel that current of tension start shivering in the air again. With great care Sh’lok settled his hands in place on two of the stonier-looking patches, and under his touch they pulsed and the Horta trembled. Sh’lok’s eyes squeezed shut. Slowly he shook his head from side to side as if trying to concentrate on breaking through some kind of intangible barrier.
Abruptly his hands bumped up against something smooth well under the surface, something round… maybe as big as a fist. John wrapped his hand around it as tightly as he could, pulled it up toward him.
John thought, seizing Sh’lok around his upper body and rolling them both over next to the central dais. Once on top he knew he should have used his own
Darkness, all around him. The overhead lights in the cavern were down at their lowest: the whole place was in shadow. Muffled by something solid, John heard a voice speaking; not loudly, but angrily
was. The thing John was holding, even unseen, spoke eloquently to him of a hand that had reached down to him, of the touch of that hand as it pulled him up off the floor. It was ridiculous, but it was as if he had been waiting for that hand’s touch for a long while… biding his time, knowing it would turn up. It was so strange for John to be on
, either, and in any case Bones didn’t seem fussed about it. From his side of the screen, where he very much preferred to stay, John couldn’t see Lestrade’s hands… but Bones’s face was calm and composed and alert, and he was moving quickly back there, with the air of a man wasting no motions and completely absorbed in his work.
that’s not what it’s about—! The unspoken longings fulfilled at last, the shy joy Sh’lok was feeling at directly experiencing
without actually saying the words. “I’ll have a look at it,” he said, “and see what it does for me. Meantime—” He eyed the board. “Let’s play.”
And then his hands dropped, limp, and his eyes flew open and rolled up in his head, and he sagged down onto his knees and slumped—
The man smirks as he nudges the door open with his shoulder. There’s the smallest curl around his (soft, kissable) lips that makes John’s heart thud like maybe he has a chance.
- When Sherlock noticed his wand in his jeans and asked, disbelievingly, why John was carrying a weapon in his back pocket. (John had distracted him from the question, teasing him for looking at his arse).
a lot more than he typically allowed himself on a surface level. Disgust with himself, for not seeing it sooner. Empathy for John, who had been quietly suffering, likely for years. Admiration that John hadn’t turned sour or violent as a result. Uncertainty about what he should do next. Fear that John would not forgive him for airing out his secrets.
"Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace! Thou talk of nothing." John let out a breath of relief as Anderson interrupted, if with poor Shakespearean grammar. Greg called another hold.
John shrugs. “Afraid not.” He raises the pot in his left hand eloquently. “You look like you need a refill.”
Of course. When would Sherlock stop doubting John’s sincerity? He replied, “Of course not. Nerves are the result of false biological signals found in inferior brains.”
When he opens the door to the outside and sees Sherlock there, cornered by Irene and Bill and obviously still getting interrogated, looking airy and unconcerned, John can’t help but feel his heart ache with fondness.
“No more of this! No more pretending that I don’t know something odd is going on! No more pretending I don’t notice that you’re the oddest person I’ve ever met! No more gargoyles and Merlins and purple toads!” Sherlock tosses his arms in the air. “Do you know where I was an hour ago?”
Sherlock tosses John a bathrobe with a grin, and wraps another one – red and silky - around himself. “Yes. By my calculations, your trousers ended up somewhere in the hallway. Shall we look for them?”
Mycroft nodded curtly. Sherlock drank his coffee and settled in for a long wait, appreciative for once of his brother’s presence at his side.
“Bedside table,” Sherlock murmurs across the tip of his cock, stroking it steadily to full hardness and John thinks he is going to lose his mind as he grapples a hand towards the nightstand.
Sherlock is in the center of the room, squinting a little bit at his reflection, trying to see anything beyond the glass, but the studio is too brightly lit to tell for sure. He decides that just in case there
After several closely monitored rounds, none of the children has managed contact with their target, and frustration is thick in the air.
There are five pages worth of legalese in front of him: a non-disclosure agreement for him to read through and initial on each page. It’s extremely tempting to just flip through and sign off, but despite how annoying he finds Mycroft, he knows his brother was right about reading through anything he puts his signature on. Sherlock wonders if these are standard in the industry, such stringent privacy agreements, that are nearly incomprehensible yet still manage to sound vaguely threatening.
“You’re a war hero just returned living in a bad part of London, once again going by the mud. If you’d been seeing someone while you were abroad it would have been serious enough to move in with her, presumably in a better neighborhood, when you got back.”
When John enters through the blue curtain, Sherlock can’t help but smile. He’s wearing a maroon suit with suspenders, his chin stubbled and hair all fluffed up like he hates (but makes him look undeniably sexy). Sherlock barely pays attention to the interview itself, mesmerized as he is by the sight of John laughing, John tapping his fingers on the arm of his chair, John licking his lower lip as he thinks about how to answer a question.
Sherlock shouldn’t have snapped at Molly like that and he knew it. He hadn’t been expecting the slap, although he’d probably deserved it. Afterwards Molly had immediately gasped and sputtered an apology before scurrying away.
SHOW! Take THAT, Ellen!” Now on-screen John puts his face in his hands as well. Conan shakes his hips from atop his desk a while longer and the band plays, audience cheering all the while. Then the video fades to black.
John is by now completely oblivious to his surroundings as he smiles widely at his phone, composing a response. He thumbs a random button accidentally and gasps in excitement when a new display pops up over his keyboard.
“I know, I know,” Mike soothes, squatting down beside him. “You don’t like the collar. But do you remember last time we went out without one?” John remembers, shuddering. He’d gone out in Muggle London without a collar, and had ended up having to run from animal control officers who were armed with nets and cages. Not knowing the city’s layout very well, John had cornered himself in a dead end and had to transform back into a human and apparate away to avoid being taken to a kennel.
blushed at its eponymous song) and are halfway through “True Blue,” they’re both panting. A slower number comes on, and, grinning mockingly, John pulls Sherlock in by the hand and waist for a slow dance. Sherlock’s breath catches at the feel of John’s strong hands on his body, at the feel of John’s muscles working under his fingertips.
Mr. Stamford had set John up with a screw gun and a showed him several drafts of what he wanted the set to look like. The show was going to be a hybrid Elizabethan-modern setting, so the scenery had “stone” archways and pillars, but also included metal scaffolding and graffiti. John wasn’t sure he ‘got’ it, but he
As they rock together, John feels a sensation building in his veins that he used to think was magic but now thinks might be love, inspired by the gorgeous, luxurious, ridiculous creature above him. John climaxes before he has a chance to think about what the feeling might mean, and Sherlock follows soon after, moaning wordlessly with pleasure.
Sherlock grins, and gently pries John’s arms away from his flushed face. “Well then, John. There’s really only one question I have for you.”
When they’ve been dancing longer than John knows and the back of his shirt is sticky with sweat and his cheeks red with exhilaration, John leads them off the dance floor. When they’re adequately hidden from most of the club, John tugs Sherlock’s hips against his own and leans up to growl into his ear. “What do you think then. Back to the hotel?”
Sounds like a diary. John wonders if he’s in it. He puts his chin in his hand and watches Sherlock work for a while.
John, in Victor's place, kissing warm-soft-full lips, fingers tangling through the curly hair he knows so well.
Mirroring John with an uncertain smile that quickly turns sincerer, Sherlock launches into the story of how he’d solved the case. “Well, I followed the story in the press and knew straight away that the police had arrested the wrong person. I interviewed McCarthy Jr., pretending to be a reporter, and even visited the crime scene.” Sherlock tells John about his furtive trip to a secluded crime scene in the countryside. And the thing about the ash was true. He had honestly found a tiny pile of tobacco ash in the forest and used it to solve the crime and clear an innocent man of a murder charge.
“Everything I could possibly have hoped to accomplish at a school reunion, I accomplished at the previous one. What purpose would attending yet another serve?”
, and that might just be the best thing ever. “Now come along, boyfriend,” he says for the simple pleasure of saying it, and leads Sherlock inside by the elbow.
Sherlock nods, unsure what this is all about. John Watson is tapping his fingers nervously against the table, visibly anxious as Lestrade goes to the stereo system at the front of the room. “Only about 15 people in the world have heard this song. It’s a rough cut, but it’ll give you an idea.” Lestrade presses the start button and turns up the volume.
Sherlock is thinking about this moodily as he puts aside his Christmas presents (nearly all practical things he’d requested in writing) and picks up his laptop two days later. He’s in the sitting room as his parents exchange their gifts, glumly loading some pirated footage of John’s Christmas Eve performance on his laptop. The sight of John dressed as a Christmas elf is somewhat consoling, but he wishes he had been there in person. He’d make a
Before long, Sherlock begins to shift too, rubbing his cheek along John’s chest as he lifts his head to look blearily up into his face, still blinking out sleep. (It’s adorable, and a potent bolt of affection strikes right through John's heart at the sight).
. You’re the smoking hot babe from Johnny’s last video.” Victor takes Sherlock’s hand and bends over it to give it a kiss. “Remind me of your name, angel?”
“And I stole your music, made copies, and gave them to the band!” cries Irene, appearing out of nowhere.
Returning to their earlier conversation, John said, “Anyways, Dad’s lost his latest job and spends all day drinking himself sick.” Maybe it made John a bad son, but he didn’t want to sit around and witness that every afternoon: “If it’s not football, then I’ve got to find something else to do after classes.”
He’s zoned out a bit, but comes back to reality when Mike sidles up to him and pushes his shoulder against John's. He’s giving John a serious look as he glances between him and their table.
He’ll get around to saying it, sometime soon. Perhaps once they’ve settled into the Baker Street flat Mrs. H had offered them for the fall.
When he’s finished, Sherlock is tapping his chin thoughtfully and John is nervously tugging at his ear.
“Yes, fine, it looks kind of scary, and it has a lot of buttons and knobs and stuff, but it can be really fun! You can even listen to conversations that actors are having backstage when they’re micced. Oh! Not that I do that! Um.” Molly finished, blushing quite pink.
It’s in a sort of half-absent panic as he tries to collect his thoughts despite the influx of pleasure in his system that John speaks:
John returned on Monday, not without hearing several smug ‘I told you so’s from Mary. John would happily endure Mary’s self-satisfaction if everyone on the crew was as nice as Molly, or as easy-going as Greg.
Sherlock chokes on his water, feels it welling up through his nose and behind his eyes. John thumps him on the back, chuckling. “All right, there, Sher?”
Sherlock breaks into a genuine fit of giggles. John watches, mesmerized, not caring in the least that Sherlock is laughing at him. His chin is smashed up against his neck and he’s pressing his lips together tightly, like he doesn’t want John to see his laughter. It’s really cute. John joins him in his own fit of giggles, high pitched and embarrassing compared to Sherlock’s sexy, rumbly chuckle.
John finds himself wrong-footed. He had planned on marching in here, shouting a bit, and possibly forcing Victor to come back to Sherlock’s to apologize. What is he talking about now?
“Johnlock is go!” John yells into his microphone, lifting their joint hands, and Sherlock snorts, embarrassed, as he covers his face with his free hand. “Thank you, and good night everyone!” John shouts over the crowd’s renewed cheering. And then they race off stage, hand in hand.
the baffled guard and up to John and Sherlock. “You are John Watson, right? And! OhmyGod! You’re Sherlock Holmes! The dancer!” she adds, wide-eyed (and oblivious to the way John signals the security guard to stand down). “I’m just, your biggest fan! We watched the
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock’s voice is rough, but still soft in the blue darkness of the room, the only light leaking in from the crack under the door. He smiles lazily, and John honestly wonders if he can die from adoration as his heart squeezes in his chest. Before he can think about it, he tugs Sherlock up for a kiss. It’s not the best tasting, first thing in the morning, but it’s still
“For letting me kiss you again, after all I’ve done not to deserve it. And for a bloody good snog as well, I suppose.”
happened to him before, his security clearance is infinite. The British government knows you exist, but they don’t
John slips a lid onto the drink and slides it across the counter. The man reaches to take it, but John doesn’t withdraw his hold on the cup. At last, the man tears his attention away from his mobile and directs a critical gaze toward John. Victory! For a moment they are locked together, John very reluctant to let go of the drink if it makes this intriguing (beautiful) man walk out of the shop so quickly.
. Soon the group is traipsing through the morning fog and still-wet grass towards three round sacks, a bull’s-eye printed on each one.
When the pair of them finally make it onto the bus, everyone else has already boarded and they’re greeted with wolf-whistles and applause from the rest of the company. Lestrade shouts, “You go, Johnlock!” only smiling wider when John flips him off.
Sherlock sniffs. “It happens to be the reason Molly and I became best friends. I gave her the set of you and Harry for her birthday one year and she  let me keep the one of you. Said she liked Harry better. Honestly, you’d think she’d have figured out sooner that she didn’t like boys.”
Surprised, John waits for Sherlock to say something else, but Sherlock only sits there with his jaw clenched shut.
Sherlock narrows his gaze, like he knows John is hiding something. He probably does. John shifts in his seat. Silence descends again.
,” Sherlock tests the weight of the unfamiliar title on his tongue as he skims the lyrics thoughtfully.
With a wide grin still in place, John toes off his shoes and walks around the counter to grasp Sherlock around the waist, gently twisting him away from the counter. He tips his head up and Sherlock obliges his boyfriend with a soft kiss. He jumps slightly when he feels John dip his hands into the back pockets on Sherlock’s jeans and John giggles against his chin. He is in an exceptionally good mood. (Good. That can only help Sherlock’s desire to give him a memorable evening). Sherlock’s nerves melt away as he rubs his hands down John’s lower back, nuzzles at his temple with a smile.
“Well, I wasn’t exactly going for subtle!” John does his best to quote a conversation from a lifetime ago.
Sherlock pulls off his outer layer to show off the v-neck striped tee beneath. “I’ll just borrow Irene’s eyeliner. It wouldn’t do in London, but for the L.A. club scene, I should be fine.”
Still laughing, James continues. “Anyways, John. If I’m right about Sherlock, then he’s waited a long time for a chance with you. The least you can do is wait a bit for him in return.”
“Hi,” answers John, struck dumb. He tries to smile, but he’s pretty sure it looks stupid, what with the way his eyes must be bugging, faced as they are with this gorgeous man’s intense gaze, flush cheeks, and frizzy curls.
This is terrifying, but at least it’s going to be fun. “Well, I can’t take you anywhere magical dressed like
John raises his eyebrows suggestively up at Sherlock before grinding their hips together in emphasis. “It’s either the hotel or we’re
The orchestra fades out, and it’s just John’s voice a Cappella, fingers snapping, as he sings through the refrain twice more. Like a prayer
John tries again to summon a charming grin as he plants his elbows on the counter and leans forward. He looks at the man from under his fluttering eyelashes in a way that an ex of his once described as ‘devastatingly coy’. “You got almost everything right. Except… I don’t have a dog.”
“Sherlock, you know Mike from St. Bart’s already,” Irene says. “And this is Bill Murray. We were all in the same year at school, with John.” That they had. One from each house. An unusual group of friends they’d made, back at Hogwarts.
He thinks he does actually lose his mind when Sherlock sucks him through a mind-bendingly intense orgasm. And again when Sherlock
Sherlock shuts his eyes against the variety of emotions he’s experienced in the past few minutes. “I don’t want to go,” he whispers, aloud this time, because at least that much feels true.
John’s last text settles the resolve in Sherlock’s shoulders more solidly. Straightening, he tucks away his mobile and heads out to pick up their dinner. He stops by the corner store and picks up a few other items as well. Candles, fresh flowers, red wine, a box of matches. In short: the top hits when Sherlock had searched the internet for “romantic date night,” “romantic night in,” and “romantic gestures.” If John can write him a love song, then surely Sherlock can pull together a nice dinner for the two of them.
. When there’s nobody around but Lestrade. No cameras. He looks at me, does his intense John Watson stare and licks his lips and I have to concentrate on not tripping, which would be extra embarrassing since I’m being paid to be a professional dancer.”
John bows his head, shame trickling in, oddly helping to dilute his panic. “Yeah, alright. Sorry, mate.”
“Are you planning on joining the army as well? To pay for school?” Sherlock asks, like he’s an interviewer, and feels stupid. Sherlock
John playfully flexes the arm he’d used to punch Pearce and affects a casual air. “Yeah, no big deal. I have a thing for rescuing hot blokes in distress.”
“Oh. Well, I was calling to ask how your chem lab went, but I guess it can wait for another time.” Sherlock can hear the hurt in her tone, and sighs feeling guilty.
John blinks, and looks at the little clock behind him. It’s nowhere near time for his break, but he won’t look a gift Abraxan in the mouth. He tugs his apron over his head and walks straight to Sherlock.
He gently takes the hand that John has resting on the coffee cup and turns it over to better inspect the calluses on John’s palms. John can’t help but feel a thrill as the stranger’s elegant hands envelope John’s. “…and you make frequent use of… a quill and ink?” he sounds truly flummoxed.
After greeting each of them, John looked around. The first impression of the room was that the it was absolutely
“Okay…” Sherlock is watching him carefully again, eyes flicking between John’s as John tries to remember exactly how he had wanted to phrase this.
“Haven’t you?” John mutters, but he drags in a deep breath to continue speaking so Sherlock disregards the comment. “You’ve caught me out. Course you have, you’re bloody brilliant, Mr.
Mrs. Hudson would give him an earful for this later, of course. She allowed this kind of experimentation in rehearsals, in the name of ‘fully exploring our artistic limits,’ but she also knew that this was a school play. Still, why not have a little fun for now?
In nearly thirty years, two invitations will arrive at 221B Baker Street. John will call out from the kitchen, “Sherlock! We’ve been invited to our fortieth school reunion!”
As the door shuts on the bathroom, Irene puts a hand on each of John’s cheeks and just sort of screeches as she smooshes them. “FINALLY! I had enough of those gross sickly sentimental songs. Write some sexy numbers now,
, the most observant man in London. It’s a miracle Sherlock hasn’t already figured out exactly what’s amiss. Instead, John is pretty sure Sherlock is just under the impression that John is a slightly eccentric and very private Muggle man who doesn’t like to talk about his childhood or weekday-job much. So John continues to stall, hoping that he’ll find a simple solution for telling Sherlock the truth. Mostly, John forgets about it. He forgets he’s meant to be worried, forgets he’s meant to be guarded around Sherlock.
“Yeah I know about you two,” Victor rolls his eyes. “We had a huge fight over it but that was like, two weeks ago.”
John marks out a line fairly close to the targets and gives the wide-eyed children instruction on how to shoot an arrow. The added commentary about Robin Hood, Green Arrow, and Katniss Everdeen magnifies the wonder and excitement blooming undisguised on the children’s faces. John distributes blunted arrows and steps back to allow them to try.
From the second that they breach the stage, blinded by lights and deafened by cheers, that exhilarating
Sherlock doesn’t seem to catch on. He blushes, and stutters, and looks thoughtfully at John when John's looking the other direction. But he doesn’t say
When he looks up at John, Sherlock is shaking apart with laughter. “Too—much—“ Sherlock chokes out between giggles. “Not—exactly—
John watches in horror as Sherlock paces furiously, hands pulling at his hair and fingers twitching.  “Sherlock. I had no idea my keeping secrets was bothering you so much. You seemed so calm last week when we talked about it.”
“It’s yours.” Sherlock watches thoughtfully as John pulls out the chair and seats himself. John settles in, and meets his gaze. John tries to telegraph with his expression the maelstrom of feelings inside him. That he’s sorry. That he’s here to eat crow. That he likes Sherlock quite a bit and would he mind going out with him for a nice meal later this week? He hopes that some of it has come across, because Sherlock gives him a small smile, and goes back to his work.
“Sit.” Sherlock obliged, and John wove the wire of the microphone through Sherlock’s unruly curls until its head rested at the front of his hairline. The sensation of John’s fingers carding through his hair made Sherlock sigh. He watched John’s face as he worked: admired the concentrated crease to his brow, noticed the shadows under his eyes -
John collapsed against the wall took a deep breath just outside Sherlock’s dressing room. He tried to memorize the feeling of Sherlock’s soft hair, the intent sparkle of his galactic eyes, and the way his own fingers had felt skimming along Sherlock’s warm back. Then he straightened up, clenched his fists, and walked away.
“I’m not!” Sherlock cries. “Didn’t I just say I’m not?” Finally, Sherlock removes himself from John’s lap, sliding away to collapse by his side. He flings an arm over his eyes and takes a big breath. “I’ve…had sex before.
John heaves in a breath to sigh, but catches himself at the last moment. He lets it out in a vocal gust. “It…might be.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, then,” John says, and then makes it worse by sticking out his hand for Sherlock to shake. “Thanks, today was…really great.”
fans.” John smirks as the taunt has the desired effect and Sherlock’s reddened face appears indignantly from beneath the blanket.
2020 UPDATE: I am so grateful for the continued support I get for this story and others  I do not currently have firm plans to post the stories described above, although I may publish the portion of the unilock fic I had written before I drifted away from writing fic. Maybe someday I'll get inspired to finish them!
beside him, and whips his head to Sherlock. Sherlock straightens, alarmed, as he digs in his trouser pocket and pulls out his mobile phone.
John gapes. “Do you seriously not know?” he asks. That’s what these long months had been about. About showing Sherlock. Letting him
Sherlock removes the hand from his eyes and takes a big sigh, looking down at his hands now picking at the pillow he pulled into his lap.
“It’s not,” Sherlock agrees. “But I called the head organizer and asked if you had RSVPed in the positive.”
Sherlock inches towards John, fingertips trailing up John’s bicep to the back of his neck. “Aren’t you? We’ve been on six dates.”
A slow blush begins to creep up Sherlock’s ears and John can’t help himself. “The trick with the water bottle? Not exactly subtle.”
Hope wasn’t holding the obviously plastic black gun prop that Sally had given him to use for the performance. This one was bigger, shiny and silver and
“Irene, no! Don't-“ They struggle for a moment at the door, but with an elbow to the gut, John staggers backwards and Irene throws open the door with a roll of her eyes.
be talking about those tabloids that have been floating around.” Her eyes are sharp on him again, and Sherlock is torn between relief that she’s acting like her old self, and trepidation at the future interrogation.
John Watson was probably (is definitely) the reason Sherlock figured out he was gay at such a young age. Sherlock had dragged Mycroft along to concerts, talked mummy’s ear off about John Watson’s charity involvement, and learned all the words to every album.
“Hear, hear!” says Irene from behind them. Sherlock startles, and cranes his neck around to see Irene has her eyes closed again. “Christ, I thought she was sleeping?” he says.
Sherlock extracts his nimble hands and spreads them across John’s chest, pushing until John is flat on his back and then directing the attention of his lips to the other side of John’s neck, fingers unbuttoning John’s shirt. John lets out a soft groan, biting his lip to muffle it.
“When you agreed to let me help you, when you let me pretend to be your girlfriend, you did it on one condition. That either of us could back out, no questions asked. If we felt uncomfortable, or if circumstances changed, or if one of us met someone we actually wanted to date.” Mary sighed. “The deception is hurting you, it’s hurting me, and it’s hurting Sherlock. You’ve got to tell him the truth, John.”
John has the day off of work, and he spends most of it lounging on the couch in their flat, content to lazily flirt with Sherlock over text between episodes of rubbish telly. He sighs happily, thinking of how their evening last night had ended.
John bites his lip as he ties the borrowed blue bathrobe around his waist. He doesn’t want to risk angering whatever obviously magical plant this is, but he’s no good stuck in here without his wand, either.
He watched the dust motes float around in the beam of light he still has directed at Sherlock as he let his heart rate decrease. He really needed to get a handle on this crush.
- When John had gotten a papercut one evening and showed up for work  without a scratch the next morning.
Sherlock hummed, uncomfortable with the sentiment. He cared about Molly, too. It seemed he had a knack for alienating those for whom he cared.
as it happens, and Sherlock cares about him. I can’t just bust my way into their relationship, even if- if what you’re saying is true. The way they touch each other, laugh with each other.” John forces a weak smile. “I walked in on them today. Nothing too explicit, but…”
Harry narrows her eyes. “No need to sound so excited. Unless that’s not the answer you were hoping for?”
“Mum and I were having coffee when your owl came this morning. She decided to invite herself to lunch,” Harry shrugs, looking not very sympathetic as Mum continues to fuss over John, helping him into his seat and imperiously summoning a pot of tea for the table.
Sherlock’s flat is warm and dusty and creaky and eclectic. It reminds John of the Gryffindor Common Room and feels instantly like home. They chat over Chinese takeaway about Sherlock’s book collection (extensive) and his clean cutlery collection (nil) and John learns by necessity how to eat with the disposable wooden chopsticks that came with their order.
As the scene began, Sherlock felt light warm his face. There was something comforting, knowing that it was John up there. He was glad of the chance to prove to John that he was
Sherlock hesitates, but concedes. John gives him a big grin, and an even bigger doughnut from the pastry counter, on the house.
Sherlock’s infamous Queen Mab speech. He even got catcalled when he walked out onstage, dark cat-eye makeup making him fiercer than ever. Luckily for the children attending, Mrs. Hudson had asked him to temper the sex. John watched his performance raptly, as if he hadn’t seen it ten times before, and pretended that he was doing so because his job relied upon complete concentration.
“Are you sure?” John growls, voice low and gravelly with sleep as he rolls Sherlock onto his back playfully. “I think I’m ready for another round now.” John nips at Sherlock’s chin as his boyfriend giggles, pushing gently at John’s chest.
“WHAT?” screams Molly, even louder as she slides off Sherlock’s back only to give him a firm punch in the shoulder. “You told your parents but avoided me for a month?”
“Hmm,” Irene hums dispassionately as she joins John in watching the clearly distressed man in the corner, arms folded. “Looks like he could use a refill.” She disappears into the little storage room through a door behind the counter (not before giving John a pointed look to make sure he understood).
“John, you can’t say the “M” word in a theater! Has nobody ever told you that?” Sarah said in a hushed voice.
Sherlock sucks in a breath, sitting up and crossing his legs on the sofa. “Colonel Sholto is being sent abroad. Permanently this time, I believe. It’s likely he’s taking James along with him... I’m so sorry, John.”
With a groan of annoyance, Sherlock storms past John into the entryway of the building, and John shuts the door to the outside, glad that they’re no longer at risk of drawing a public crowd. Sherlock starts pacing in the foyer of the building, ruffling at his hair.
Sherlock blinks as his eyes come back into focus. He claps his hands on John’s cheeks and says, firmly: “Everything finally makes sense.”
Sherlock arrives at the library to meet John expecting to wait half an hour for the jock to saunter in. To his surprise, he immediately spots John’s flaxen-haired head bent over a textbook at a nearby table.
“I…need some time. To figure out how to tell you.” John brings both his hands to Sherlock’s face, the better to lock gazes with him. Sherlock brings up his hands to John’s wrists, and they complete a circuit. Energy hums smoothly between them, a physical magic that the curriculum of Hogwarts failed to cover.
“Still pulling those tricks, are you.” Anderson shares a look with Donovan. “Fine, Holmes. What about my deodorant?”
They’ve reached the fireplace at the Leaky Cauldron, and John gets inspired. “Do you want to try Magical transport instead of walking back to Baker Street?”
That wasn’t something Sherlock would ever do. Not to Mary, and not to John. John would regret it before long, even if he somehow wanted Sherlock now. And John regretting a kiss with Sherlock? Would be worse than his never getting one in the first place.
John looked out onto a full audience and wondered what Sherlock might be able to tell just by looking at them. He spotted the Morstans and waved cheerily to them as they took their seats. Then he took a deep sigh and put on his headset. “Spot one on com.”
“Hush up and sit next to me, Berk.” He says ‘berk’ like a term of endearment, and Sherlock can’t help but forego a retort in favor of smiling down at him. He’s missed John, and it’s only been a week off. As he just looks at John for a few moments, and John doesn’t look away, Sherlock feels his heart beat pick up.
. What it’s going to mean that A-list celebrity John Watson is- well, bi I suppose, going by the song. Or pan?”
doesn’t deserve to get hurt because you’re afraid of commitment and can’t find the balls to admit that you’re head over heels for the bastard!
“Never,” John says with utmost seriousness. He takes the yellow daisy and tucks it securely behind Sherlock’s ear, nestled between pale skin and dark curls.
A real smile pulls on John’s mouth for the first time since he heard from Mrs. H that Victor was joining Vegas. “You’re too good for me, Irene.”
When the film has started (something with lots of explosions that Sherlock insists John will like) Sherlock seats himself primly beside John, apparently still anxious from the conversation. John tugs him over to his side, and after a moment, Sherlock gradually melts into his touch.
“Fine, you do it then,” Sherlock says and thrusts the knife towards her. Rolling her eyes, Molly steps up to the counter and begins to dice efficiently through the beets with scary accuracy. Sherlock watches in a mixture of horror and mild awe.
In November, James tells John that he and Pranav have started seeing each other. He’s got a shy, sweet smile on his face as he says it that makes John’s heart feel all the way full again.
“Oh. You have one of those, then? A - blog?” John asks, hoping for some context to help him puzzle it out.
“Yeah! I did!” This conversation sounded a lot like an argument, but John noticed that its content was not particularly scathing.
Aside from his eyes, Sherlock remains perfectly still. John doesn’t think he’s even breathing. When Sherlock makes to step forward into the room, he sways and his knees buckle, and John has to catch him before he collapses on the floor. Sherlock takes in a huge, shuddering breath. He exhales, then takes another, eyes still roving rapidly around the flat as he begins to hyperventilate.
He gasps indignantly, and reels his head back so quickly he knocks it against the headboard. “That’s your advice?
Sherlock turned sharply back to John, now several feet behind Sherlock’s rapid stride, expecting to find mockery or disgust in his eyes. Instead, there was only a teasing smirk and raised eyebrows.
Victor returns the inquisitive gaze, except the way he does it, it’s less like he’s trying to parse Sherlock’s secrets and more like he’s trying to imagine him without any clothing. John grits his teeth.
As they begin the set, he keeps half an eye on Sherlock, but everything is fine (just as John suspected it would be). The dancer has his signature look of intense seriousness fixed on his face.
John draws his brows together, but makes for the dressing room without further comment. Sherlock is the only one seated there, vigorously applying stage makeup, an intense glare whipping up to John when he approaches from behind.
When they arrive all John can process is an explosion of neon and sequins. “Is this a gay bar?” he asks.
Sherlock laughed. Together they polished off a meal his nurse carried in. They talked aimlessly about hospital food and bees and science experiments. John had just brought up Greg’s offer to be assistant stage manager when Sherlock cracked.
. Starting with a confirmation that John FUCKING WATSON just came out! ON YOUTUBE! And you were THERE?”
“What, seriously?” John laughed. The superstition sounded familiar, but were they really going to enforce a rule like that? He looked around at five solemn faces. Apparently so.
They’ve been here before, and it doesn’t take long before Sherlock throws a leg over John’s lap and sits, tongue pushing insistently at John’s mouth, both of them breathing raggedly as they push together. Sherlock runs his hands down John’s sides and plucks his shirt from his trousers, then pushes his hands up along John’s bare torso, skimming over his nipples and exploring his firm, fuzzy chest. John whines, his hips thrusting up against Sherlock involuntarily, hands clenching Sherlock’s backside. Sherlock groans, detaching himself from John’s mouth and starting to nip along John’s throat as his fingers thread through the buttons on John’s shirt.
John reaches up on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock, fiercely, because he worries if he doesn’t share all the light inside him in some tangible way, that he’s going to burst. So he pours that light out through his lips, and fingers, and toes, whispering out
John can't help but giggle, long and infectious, until Sherlock joins in. Once Sherlock’s all patched up and his blush has faded to a sweet pink, John wraps a careful arm around his shoulders and tows him back out towards the rugby pitch. “C’mon, mate, practice is almost over and you can tell him yourself. D'you know, I think I’m going to keep you around. Hardly anybody in this town is LGBT etc, or if they are, they are
“It would seem a decision has already been made.” John turns to Irene at last, and sees a Cheshire grin on her painted red lips. John is instantly wary.
James considers the figure with his typical sharp, assessing glance. “Well. He’s thin as a rake, like he’s grown too much too quickly, but graceful. Looks more of a dancer than a winger, if you ask me. Think I’ve seen him hanging around the chemistry labs. Year under ours maybe?”
The next time John woke up, it was daytime. Another nurse returned to tell John exactly what had happened in the day and a half since his injury. No one else had been hurt, and the police and ambulance had arrived shortly after John had passed out. Jeff Hope had been caught fleeing the scene.
“The Prince,” John confirms. “It’s a bit soppy but to be fair I wrote that when I was drowning in what I thought were unrequited feelings for my brilliant—“ John doesn’t finish the sentence because Sherlock pulls him into a kiss.
“A little quieter, please!” John hissed, as his eyes roved around the cafeteria. He continued in a whisper, “I actually would prefer it if the entire school
Then, a great surge of strings and winds, piping through the speakers and through Sherlock’s chest as John belts,
John brings his voice into his lowest, most frightening register and continues. “If this is just you being an
“Well that’s just it! You were showing all the signs but you didn’t kiss me, didn’t do anything to make me sure that any of this was actually going somewhere, and not just some strange expression of friendship or a way to help me get over Victor, or I don’t know, a way to get in my pants!”
John can’t help but smile, thinking about how much his Mum will like Sherlock. How could she not? He’s brash and witty and sharp and gorgeous and
winked, and followed them inside. That had left Sherlock to cling to John as long as possible, as they reminded each other they’d only be separated for a couple more weeks, until John
,” Sherlock confides, flopping sideways onto his pillow. “It’s not like he hasn’t got other chances to seduce me, if that’s what he’s after. But instead he sits next to me on the tour bus when we travel. As if he might actually enjoy my company. Sometimes we order a movie and room service after a concert, and he tells the most awful jokes even though he knows I’ll tease him for it, because he deserves it, they’re
in brass lettering. “Maybe you should use it,” Sherlock calls with a wink as he pushes open the door to his home. He pauses to say, “Oh, and I prefer texting.” And then he’s gone.
, and he’s back in that gorgeous calm oasis of dance. He takes the moves out of his brain and into his toes, dances with everything he has, and lets the rest fall away. All he has are these moves and the way John Watson makes him feel.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, glances at John before returning his gaze resolutely to his lap. “Oh, you know,” he says gustily. “He went to uni. I waited for him to come back, but...”
When they’re both floppy and satisfied, John stretches out on his side with his head propped up on his hand, a smile he knows must look dopey on his face.
Sherlock was trembling again. John pulled off his rugby jacket and wrapped it around his friend’s shoulders, worried. “Are you alright?”
Sherlock looks at him critically, but allows John to lead him on their journey towards Molly’s. “I’ve heard about Pranav,” he says abruptly. “Pranav and James, that is.”
“I'm sure you are, darling, and I really wish I could but,” Sherlock sighs regretfully. “It just wouldn’t be fair to my boyfriend.”
John can’t help but laugh a bit at that. “This is going to be the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
The doctor monitoring his post-surgery recovery had apparently noticed the same bruising patterns that Sherlock had. He’d called Child Protection, who were due to visit in a couple of days when John had better recovered. John was grateful for the delay, but annoyed that this was happening at all. The only truly good thing that came out of this unfortunate development was the officer posted outside of John’s door.
Sherlock gasps. “Molly Hooper! Do not tell me you called me to talk about my chem lab when you have Irene Adler in your bed?”
There’s no room to worry, there's barely time to think. He forgets about the other dancers around him, and focuses on the extension of his arms, the rhythm in his feet and shoulders, the curve of his back as he dips backwards and snaps back to standing.
“John. When you turned around just now, you winced and gasped slightly, as if in pain. Bruised rib, I’d guess. Did you get injured running spotlight?”
Bill finds another dog-owner to chat up quickly. Obligingly, John trots over to them and nudges behind the woman’s knees, causing her to stumble right into Bill’s arms. He’s sits beside them innocently as Bill winks at her and apologises for John.
“Almost the opposite. There’s a spell called the Fidelius Charm that can hide things, entire houses and neighborhoods, unless you get told by the right person where the thing is. I think that’s sort of how this works. Except with Diagon, every wizard is a de facto secret keeper until they reveal the existence of the magical world to a Muggle. Like you.”
“It's not like you haven't done this before.” Bill’s voice calls. “Where do you usually take first dates?”
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh. He rather adored this girl, red talons, dares, and all. “What’s this new dare you mentioned?”
John looks pitifully up at Sherlock. “Of course, I am. This is the cheesiest, showiest thing I’ve ever seen, and I don’t even get to claim it was intentional!”
me, that isn't the point.” John shakes his head fondly. He does everything he can to counter the self-deprecating streak that runs a mile long in his boyfriend. “He always gets so self-satisfied whenever someone flirts with me.”
When it’s John’s turn to get a round for everyone, he watches Sherlock from the bar. John's friends are completely right: he is smitten. One date, and he can hardly take his eyes off of Sherlock. It appears he's taking part in what looks like a spirited debate against Bill. It’s gratifying to see Sherlock getting on with his friends so well. Sherlock accepts Bill’s loud inappropriate jokes without batting an eye and volleys back Irene’s sharp wit with ease. They’re an odd lot, but they’re all of John’s favorite people in one place.
When the song is over, John takes Sherlock’s left hand in his right, raising them to the air in celebration amidst the cheers. “Sherlock Holmes, everybody!”
“Was that lit, before?” Sherlock asks suddenly, brow furrowed, as he gazes down at the candle’s flame flickering between them. The one that had definitely been unlit when they’d sat down. Discretely, John glances around the restaurant. Every candle in the restaurant is now flickering merrily, and there are several diners looking around in confusion.
“How did you even get in here?” Sherlock grumbles as he rolls out from under John, collecting some clothes and moving towards the adjoining bathroom, a bed-sheet wrapped around himself.
That earlier conversation about Muggle popular culture had been particularly informative. John had learned that when a Muggle tells you he doesn’t know the name of their prime minister, you’re not meant to respond by saying ‘neither do I’.
leaked those?” Sherlock asks, and immediately regrets it. He hurries on, resolutely ignoring John’s smug look. “Well, it’s all very clever. You’ve shaken the industry, gotten news coverage from every major outlet, and the album for
“If you say so. Where are we going?” Sherlock’s curiosity is insatiable, and John is about to hand him the key to one of the biggest mysteries London has to offer.
Sherlock’s fingers are combing through the hair on the back of John’s head thoughtfully. “What are you even going to do in Oxford? Aren’t many stadiums to sell out.”
. John had almost forgotten, in the midst of the performance, that Sherlock was not Mercutio. That Mercutio wasn’t Sherlock.
“Go over there. You’re officially on your break. Don’t come back here until you either have a date or he’s kicked you to the curb like you deserve for all your nonsense.”
When Sherlock’s parents get home from their dinner an hour later, they find Sherlock carrying Molly around the sitting room on his back, both of them screaming along to the music video playing at full volume. Because it feels like a bloody
. John pushes aside his friends and immediately takes Sherlock’s hand, reaching up to plant a kiss on Sherlock’s lips, right there in front of everyone. When he backs up, he doesn’t release Sherlock’s hand. It doesn’t matter that he only saw him a moment ago. Or that they’ve only been on one date. John is
Curious (and helpless as ever to quell his curiosity), Sherlock eases the door open. In September, he wouldn’t have dared, but since then Sherlock’s own room has been breached by snooping ears, and he feels entitled to a little retribution. Besides, John is not just his friend but his favorite (contemporary) artist. Sherlock feels he ought to take every opportunity for an inside peek into his artistic process.
John jerks awake from his doze as they begin their descent towards Boston. There is a tickle under his nose and the warm, heavy weight of Sherlock’s head on his shoulder. Fondness washes through John at the sensation, at hearing the tiny snuffling noises his friend makes with each breath. He doesn’t get the chance to revel in it long, though, because when the wheels scrape the ground, Sherlock jerks awake.
, for one, which is on tour now. And it looks like you set a trend! Earlier this week, Victor Trevor used one of your concerts to announce his own bisexuality.”
Sherlock snuffles awake as morning light falls across his face (there is no other word  than adorable John can imagine that would better describe Sherlock’s soft face, snuggling deeper into his pillow before gradually opening his eyes). He blinks slowly, his eyelashes crusty from tears and sleep.
“That’s so cool,” John whispers back to Annie with a big smile. “Thanks for telling me. I think it’s fantastic.”
John supposes that’s it, then. He’s lost his chance. Why would a bloke like Sherlock wait around for John to pull his act together? He doesn’t blame Sherlock for not wanting to talk to him ever again.
When Mary pulled away from the fierce hug, there were tears in her eyes. She wiped them away at once, her scowl daring John to mention them. “I just care about you. And that’s a difficult job, considering the stupid things you do.” Mary perched on the side of John’s hospital cot and put a warm hand against John’s cheek. Touch-starved, John leaned into it.
smooth, and he can ‘play hard to get’ like a champion). Instead of staring at Sherlock’s mouth, like he wants to, John hunches over the table and begins to leaf curiously through Sherlock’s documents.
It’s less than a quarter of an hour before John is pounding on another door. Victor’s father answers, and John charges past him without a word and up the stairs to Victor’s room before anyone can stop him. His door is locked, or John would barge straight in. He hammers on the door rather than kicking it down straight away.
When John turns back around, he’s ready with an inviting smile as he spoons sugar into the man’s drink.
"No?" Irene raises a doubtful eyebrow, so John dips his hand into the tip jar and pulls out the slip of paper that Tess had left behind. He at the very least did well enough in Muggle Studies to recognize a mobile telephone number when he gets one.
“I am going to murder Irene,” Sherlock says. “Right after I figure out how to change that text alert tone.”
If this were a cheesy romantic movie, John thought manically, Sherlock Holmes would be curled up in a chair next to John’s bed, waiting for him to wake up, there to explain everything as always.
After an hour, John is bored and just about ready to tell Irene she and Greg can choose whoever they like for the video when someone catches his eye. It’s just before the second elimination round, when a boy with a strange face and an absurdly curly head of hair has taken his place in front of the mirror (in front of John), and looks straight through the glass like he knows John is there. John even takes a step back in surprise.
“In Scotland, it’s the first flower that blooms in Springtime. They bloom white and lavender, with a bit of yellow on the inside.”
Irene finally speaks from her perch on a stool next to the kitchenette, where she has been quietly nursing a cup of coffee. “He’s not kidding about that last bit. When Sherlock walked through the door, the kettle whistled.”
John blinks at him with false innocence and a wan smile as he waits for a response. He expects the answer will be something unusual, something delicate and striking, like the man himself. Or possibly something poisonous, a good murderous flower.
“Er, sorry about that. Lost my balance there…” John trailed off as he looked up into Sherlock’s face, registering surprisingly strong arms wrapped around him. Sherlock’s gaze glanced down at John’s mouth for the briefest moment. John leaned in instinctively, ready to finally just-
Sherlock groans, “Ugh, what am I even supposed to do about it? It’s not like I have experience with these matters. The only-” Sherlock waves a hand around uselessly, looking for a way to express his relationship with Victor that won’t offend (nosy) young ears “-
, John – is very friendly. A bit slow, and terrifically stubborn, but quite cute despite himself. I think you two would get along.”
Sherlock and John exchange a grin at this as Victor and James continue to banter. When eventually Victor passes out and James ends the call to take him to bed, Sherlock and John are left blinking at each other disbelievingly.
He cleared his throat, unable to come up with a proper response. He settled, rather lamely, for, “Um. Glad I could help, then. And, uh, see you around sometime.” John turned back towards the Shop. Sherlock, after a moment’s pause, walked into the auditorium.
Sherlock is reluctant to leave the bookstore behind, but he squeezes John’s hand when they leave the shop, and gives him a quick kiss on the cheek at John’s long-suffering expression.
– and pulls him out a side door and into a cluttered office. Coach’s, perhaps? Gymnasium, after all. The pounding beats of “Like a Prayer” are audible through the door, thankfully muffled.
John nods at the apt assessment. Now that they’ve arrived, he could let Sherlock go. But he quite likes having the man in his arms. He hasn’t held him properly in days and days. John wonders how, despite that, there’s a sense of ease between them, and comfort.
“It’s just a plant. They’re harmless,” Sherlock wheedles. One of the nearby tendrils reaches out to wrap itself around Sherlock’s pinky finger. “And friendly, apparently. Are magical plants sentient?”
“One second, mate, I’ll get James for you,” says Pranav. John genuinely likes this bloke, and it’s times like this he remembers why. After a tense minute of silence on John’s part, John hears a scuffle and James’ face lowers itself in front of the screen, a wide smile on his face.
All around them, the club was filled with movement and sweat and chatter, clinks of glasses and the thrum of pop songs. Between John and Sherlock, there was a quietness, an intimacy that Sherlock realized too late in his tequila-fuddled mind that he had woven with his words.
“Y-es. Hang on. Let me think what should I have said instead,” John says, trying to dissuade Sherlock from questions about Hogwarts that he doesn’t have prepared answers for. He racks his brains for hazy memories of slang that was covered in their Muggle Studies textbooks. They were all written in the seventies, but it’s the best he can do. “I could say…um. Sherlock, that deduction thing is totally rad!”
Eventually John manages, after some careful and patient negotiations, to get Sherlock in front of a familiar red awning. John gestures at it with a “ta-da!” motion.
John pulls out his phone to check the time, and the screen unlocks to his text log. He scrolls through the messages he and Sherlock had exchanged since their
James seems to agree as he clears his throat and looks away from the camera. “Now isn’t the best time, but we should all catch up soon. At the moment, I should probably be getting my wayward, drunken love into bed.” James’ figure settles in next to Victor, who rests his forehead on the man’s bicep as he leans back into frame.
John tells him, “Dump the Scamander and the Waffling, I still have those from my Hogwarts days. We can pick them up from my old room at Watson House later this week, if you’re willing to endure tea-time with my Mum. And if you swap out the Pyrites for a second hand version, then you can also get those recent editions of
obviously. “Hello, my friends of multiple genders whom I will not generalize into the patriarchy by calling ‘guys.’” John expects the boy on Sherlock’s arm to comment on the robotic tone of voice, but he only laughs and leans into Sherlock’s side, saying:
Then Sherlock walks into frame, also dressed in black, looking suitably aloof with his cheekbones and wild hair, just as Sherlock had hoped he would. Irene spins John around and gives him a shove towards Sherlock, who catches him, runs his hands down John’s sides, grips the bottom of his red hoodie, and pulls it off, leaving John in just a white t shirt.
It’s still mostly dark when they file out of the hotel, so there are only a few dedicated fans waiting by the bus to greet them. It’s nicer this way: John gets to spend a bit of time with each of them, take photographs if they want, and actually learn their names. It’s especially gratifying when they have him sign their pride flags or
the show for once. It was like Sherlock had been transported through time. He spoke the words so feelingly and earnestly that they were suddenly unmistakable in meaning. And God, what he was saying became...surprising.
Sherlock busies himself with setting out the dishes, embarrassed in the face of John’s tender smile. He clears his throat, “Well, my boyfriend is an internationally beloved millionaire without any furniture so I had to do what I could to make this a romantic evening regardless.”
Sherlock quieted at Mycroft’s oblique admission of love. It wasn’t something the Holmes brothers verbalized often. Tonight was a night to break all the rules. Sherlock decided to ignore Mycroft’s meddling for once, and returned the sentiment of love the best way he knew how.
Two people step in front of Sherlock, obscuring his line of sight. “What do you think you’re doing here,
“Of course you did, Mary, you’re brilliant!” John grinned enormously, and gave her a wet smack on the cheek. He loved to see Mary happy, considering all she did for him. Mary beamed and dragged John over to see the cast list.
Sherlock sighs again, and at this point John is no longer even pretending not to be paying attention. Sherlock sets his head in his chin with a despondent look at the man.
“Don't be such a child, Sherlock,” Mycroft snaps, and Sherlock flinches away at the harshness of the tone. It's all too familiar from their childhood spats. After a long silence, Mycroft sighs again. Sherlock can practically see him kneading at his temples. “Forgive me, little brother. But you’re needed at home. It’s all sorted, Mrs. Hudson will give you the details.”
John spoke, “Haven’t you heard, dear? Romeo is just some ‘melodramatic hack.’” John looked up into Holmes’ face, challenging him to disagree. “That’s what he called one of Shakespeare’s best known characters! It’s only a good thing we’re not doing Macbeth, or he’d have Shakespeare rolling over in his grave,” John finished, grinning. Everyone was staring at him. Sarah actually gasped. “What?” he asked, nervous.
There’s a long stretch of agonizing quiet, interrupted when Billy delivers a basket bread. Then there’s some stilted bread-eating. By the time that’s finished, John is desperate to break the silence.
The exact moment when John gets utterly lost in the music is obvious. It always is. He lets go of the British decorum and his self-conscious mannerisms, and lets himself feel his way through the thrum of the guitar and the vibrations between them. The song ends as softly as it begins, like the flutter of pages in a storybook.
wouldaccept him and his sexuality, he just wasn’t prepared for the information to get back to his parents.
John laughs. “Yes, but with less rainbows. Well, you’ll see it for yourself, but actually I’m usually more popular in America. It’s the British bad-boy vibe I give off, you see. Those American birds, they can’t help but fall for it every time.” Sherlock rolls his eyes.
around Irene Adler is like saying Voldemort during the second wizarding war. No matter where she is, she’ll find you.”
He sits closer to Sherlock when there’s plenty of room to spare. He lets his gaze fall to Sherlock’s lips when he knows Sherlock is looking. He takes Sherlock on a picnic as the weather warms.
man he’s ever known, and John was ready to fall in love the second he saw him. It’s easy to put aside his niggling worries when he feels full to the brim with happiness.
Sherlock smooths his curls into place yet again as he walks slowly to John’s dressing room a few hours later. (He can do this).
Thanks to everyone who has left regular comments on this fic, you were always the highlight of my week! While I have your attention, I have a quick question for you lovely beautiful readers of mine.
you. When you’re afraid to get hurt, you shut down. And you’re too convincing an actor for your own good. Maybe John wants some kind of signal from
“Yellow daisies?” John repeats, shifting in his seat to distract from the motion of pulling his wand from his pocket.
The audience shrieks, and the number of cell phones in the air filming them seems to double instantly.
John hovers by the seat next to Sherlock, licking his lips. He can’t afford to muck this up again. “This seat taken?” he asks. Sherlock’s eyes slide to look at John askance for a moment before he turns his head to look at him straight on. He looks guarded, and calculating, but not hostile. John swallows, waiting.
Slowly, so slowly, Sherlock’s eyes focused back on John, back from the faraway place where his deductions occurred. John shifted, fearing Sherlock’s wide-eyed stare.
More cheers. John lines up with a third target, now perhaps 30 meters away, and lets another arrow fly.
Sherlock lips at the shell of John’s ear and John groans, guttural, and tries hazily to finish his thought. “Last week I said…I didn’t want to have sex yet…because I was hiding something from you?”
John can’t help the bright laugh that escapes him. “That’s amazing! No wonder you’re a year ahead in chemistry, you’re obviously brilliant!”
Sherlock is still blinking sleep out of his eyes when they arrive in Los Angeles and John is put into a cab and whisked away to Conan’s studio. Between that and the day’s concert, there’s no time left for the two of them to have a conversation about the status of their relationship.
“You’ve been staring at the ceiling and periodically sighing every thirty seconds for the last hour. You obviously need my attention for something... Is it
“Okay.” John shrugs, inwardly delighted with this game. Upon further inspection, Sherlock’s papers are an oddball mixture of charts, hand-written notes on scraps of paper, and photographs that don’t move. John’s brow furrows as he thumbs through picture after picture of ordinary ash, in a variety of subtly different colors and textures. “What’s with all the ash?” he holds up one of the photographs, which Sherlock snatches out of his hand with a huff.
Sherlock can recognize the inevitable, and turns to Irene with a sigh and accepts the blue violin and bow to a blast of screams and applause.
“Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down,” Sherlock injected as much lewdness into the lines as he dared, and began to grind his hips, almost against Anderson. The confusion in Anderson’s eyes was hilarious. But this wasn’t about him, it was about – aha! - Did the spotlight cast around him shake? Just a bit?
“Yep. Still brilliant. How about you then? Are you seeing anyone?” John’s face has reddened slightly. Interesting.
By Stamford’s estimate, the crew had a month left to finish construction, at which point they would move the set into the theater and paint it. Good thing, too, because the Shop was getting claustrophobic. Scenery scrabbled its way up along the walls and blocked vents. John lived in fear of a fire inspection.
Sherlock feels heat rising in his neck, and looks for a change in subject. “Is it always like that? Your fans, all the screaming and such?”
None was forthcoming. The problem was, John rarely talked about Mary. Once, Sherlock had attempted to tease John about his near-legendary history of romantic conquest. He’d called John ‘Three Counties Watson,’ like he’d heard the rugby lads do, expecting an eye-roll or a cocky smirk. Instead John had paled and clammed up. Shut down. He was hiding something. But what?
“Of course, not.” Irene raises her voice pointedly, “I have something to share with Sherlock! This is his room, isn’t it?” The bathroom door cracks open, and Sherlock appears, already dressed and toothbrush in mouth.
“I never told anyone. I decided to let you deal with it, so long as it didn’t get worse. Maybe I should have-” Mary choked. “Maybe I should have done something, and maybe I’ll always regret not doing that, a bit, but… I thought you needed me as a friend more than an informant.”
“No, Sherlock let me. I’ve wanted to say something for years, meant to call you but never have. Since this is the first time I’ve seen you in a decade, I might as well say it now.”
I'm aiming for once a week updates on this fic as a rough timeline. Might be plus or minus a few days, but I've got a little over half already written!
Irene puts her hands on her hips and marches towards John so he can hear her hushed words. “Don’t think I didn’t see that, John. You said you did well in Muggle Studies! And you can’t boil water or make change?”
"Standby Watson, we're coming up to a big speech. Get ready to spot Sherlock." Greg spoke through the microphone.
of that. His initial flirting in jest had obviously had some effect on John. What harm would a little more do?
Mummy takes her cup without a word when Sherlock finally delivers it, taking a seat beside her. They sit in silence, not drinking their tea.
“He’s got a hot new boyfriend now, John!” Pranav calls as he approaches the laptop and wraps his arms around James’ neck. “No need to be jealous.” Pranav winks, dark eyes sparkling. “Seriously though. I’ve never even properly met Sherlock and I know you’ve been interested for the last couple of months, at
“You know, I sort of liked how jealous you were this afternoon. When that idiot asked me out. It was funny, but also- strangely attractive.”
John bounded up the stairs into his seat in the balcony, eager to start work. He put on a clunky wireless headset worthy of a spaceship and spoke into a microphone attached to one of the earmuffs. “John Watson on com, chief! Over!”
Building scenery for the show kept John and Billie busy, hammering platforms and cutting archways and pillars out of sheets of wood. Stan and Sarah stopped by for a few hours each week to help out, always eager to talk about rehearsals. Stan in particular would not shut up about how brilliant it was to act with Sherlock.
When he stumbles out of the International Arrivals gate, John and Lestrade are there to greet him instead of Mrs. Hudson as Sherlock had expected. John is wearing sunglasses to try and minimize the amount of attention they’re getting. Although it’s only been three days, Sherlock launches himself directly into John’s arms like it’s been years, and John staggers back a couple of steps as he re-centers his balance without dropping Sherlock. “John!” he shouts. “The concert starts in an hour, what are you doing here?”
This is not the John that Sherlock knows. It’s not even the concert personality that Sherlock has worked with these past couple of months.
“Yes, well, good,” With a startled look, Sherlock backed away rapidly and John nearly lost his balance again. “I think you’ve got the general idea, in fact you’re practically a ballerina. So if you don’t mind, I’m going to just continue with my rehearsal. Goodbye, John.”
Anderson stumbled through his lines as usual. Stanley didn't do a half bad job, honestly. Not his fault Shakespeare wrote such incomprehensible plays. What the hell was a bow of lath? Or a crowkeeper?
A minute later, Sherlock had responded with a photograph of Irene at the till in her Speedy’s apron, her head thrown back in laughter. John had frowned at the image, mystified by the sight, yet still managing to feel a touch jealous. Sherlock followed up the photograph with:
“What're you—that’s my interview.” John heaves himself up with a groan and leans his cheek against Sherlock’s upper arm. “Oh God, are you really going to watch that?”
His feet land on something unexpectedly cool and soft. They look like vines. Long green vines, winding along the floor and crawling up the bedposts to the ceiling. They don’t
Then again, it was rather inevitable. John was intriguing, with his sharp edges and cuddly jumpers. With his near-constant flirtation and his apparent commitment to Mary. With his masculine athleticism and his willingness to join the theatre.
John and Sherlock are left alone in the room. It’s quiet without Irene’s boisterousness, and suddenly awkward.
When Irene and Molly refuse to speak to each other directly, John asks Sherlock to figure out what happened from Irene’s point of view, while John asks Molly. They meet to share their findings and work out the best way to trick the girls into talking to each other.
“Nah. My James is a complicated man.” John knows the smile on his face is goofy, but he doesn’t mind that Sherlock sees it. It really is nice to meet another queer person close to his age. When they get back to the pitch, practice has already finished. Sherlock stammers an apology to James, shockingly red, and James laughs it off with a playful punch to the boy’s shoulder. John feels proud: James wouldn’t have been so easily accepting even a year ago.
“Yes, I know. But they wouldn’t tell me anything! Just information that was on the news already.” Sherlock’s frustration rolled off of him in waves, to John’s amusement. “I couldn’t see
Molly winks at him with a dark glint in her eye just as John finally enters from the sitting room. Sherlock is about to launch an interrogation, but Molly steps towards John first, knife poised just shy of threateningly between her hands.
Sherlock tells him about the index he’s created so that one day he’ll theoretically be able to predict the fortunes before he cracks open the cookies. He takes diligent note of John’s fortune (“You already know the answer to the question lingering inside your head”), and wrinkles his nose at his own (“The fortune you seek, is in another cookie”)
“I think I might just go and say hello to our newest recruit! What do you say, John?” Irene calls, already heading for the door to the hall.
) dove gray blazer. John turns and Sherlock is caught. He examines an older but still irrefutably John Watson from top to bottom, and the man positively
. It was nothing explicit. There was one…a drawing of the two of us. In the silly wigs. We were…holding hands.”
John had dodged every single time, claiming ignorance and confusion. Approximately ten suspicious incidents over the course of a month wasn’t
John aligns himself with the second target, and makes twenty paces further from the children’s line. He raises bow and arrow, pulls the string taut and –
. And that audition was the day that I started to find out that all the bullshit in the press was just that. And I fell in love with you all over again.”
Sherlock does that thing that’s dead cute where he tries to pretend he isn’t smiling and as a result his mouth makes a funny wiggly line. He looks down at John through his lashes in an unmistakably flirtatious way, and John sways closer, helpless to resist him. “And even if Pearce had succeeded with the knife, at least I’d have had a medical student to stitch me up afterwards.”
John is roaming around the dim café with a mop, slowly wiping up all the spills and messes from a busy day. The mop is mostly for show (he's not very good at manual cleaning yet - isn't that what cleaning charms are for?) A bubbly, bright song begins with a woman’s vocals and a brassy beat.
For a moment, Sherlock wishes he was there with her. He so rarely gets homesick: their village is quiet, conservative, and dull. But it’s also familiar. Safe.
John automatically sits back on his haunches, tail thumping along the grass in excitement. Sherlock’s eyes brighten. “John-the-dog,” he muses.
“Simple.” Holmes said with a dismissive flick of his fingers in John’s general direction. “It’s obvious you’re dying to escape home, even planning on joining the military after school based I see,” he continued, oblivious to John’s interrupting, “Wait a second, how-”
Was Sherlock okay? Memories of opening night were trickling back. He remembered wrestling with Hope, and Sherlock goading the boy like the idiot he was. He remembered a resounding
First he has to figure out how to tell a logical, brilliant Muggle scientist whom he adores that magic exists. And convince him not to run away.
John grins, taking a pinch of floo powder from a cup on the mantel. “Travel by fire.” He tosses the powder into the fireplace and the embers rage up into tall green flames.
Sherlock bites his lower lip and looks quickly between John’s eyes. “Okay,” he finally says again, with a touch of shyness. “Saturday night.”
Sherlock can’t believe that after a decade away, he’s back at school. His Yves Saint Laurent black leather shoes squeak horrendously on the recently buffed gymnasium floor, late eighties pop is blaring out of a nearby set of speakers, and there are red and gold balloons absolutely
It starts with James retreating into himself more and more. John gives him space, keeps him quiet company while the boy grapples with whatever it is that’s bothering him. John prides himself on knowing James better than anybody, and he knows the difference between James processing and James repressing some demon he should be talking through. As much as John burns to know what's going on, he'll give James the time he needs to work through whatever this is.
“Actually, I wanted to talk to you about something.” Sherlock dares to glance up at John and sees his starlted expression at the seriousness of Sherlock’s tone. Sherlock takes a deep breath and fights to maintain eye contact. “Do you remember when we were in Miami? You picked me up from the airport, and-“ Sherlock cuts off his speech at the sound of John’s phone ringing.
Is Johnny with you? Put me on speakerphone! Wait! Do you have Facetime?” Victor’s excited voice slurs through the speaker as Sherlock switches on the video feed on and exchanges another confused look with John.
“Sherlock! Molly! Over here with your lot!” John calls out from the equipment shed. “I’ve set up our space on the main lawn, but first we need to get all of you set up with proper protection.”
As John pulls out disinfectant wipes and butterfly bandages from his carefully organized case, he hears Sherlock mutter, “There’s always something.”
John rolled his eyes at the forced formality. “Fine, you dolt. How are you? I’ve been asking the nurses for days but they haven’t been able to tell me when you were released.”
Sherlock wants to kiss John, properly this time, but his smile is so big, he’s afraid they’ll just knock teeth and bump noses. He settles for saying, “John,” as he throws his arms around his sturdy waist, the better to bury a smile against John’s neck. They stumble into a shelf with the force of it, but John catches them.
“These are for you!” John half-shouts, a flood of adrenaline surging through him as he thrusts a bouquet of belladonna flowers towards Sherlock. “They’re poisonous. I thought you might like that.”
. Then again, Sherlock was not known for having the greatest gauge of what characterized ‘kindness.’
John's smile broadens. "Took me long enough to get you here. Full seduction could take a while,” he teases.
“Yeah,” John tells him sincerely, letting a warm smile break across his face. “How did you know it wasn’t the son?”
John sighs, already planning his retribution as he takes Sherlock’s elbow and steers him into the school. “C’mon then. I keep a spare med kit in my boyfriend’s locker, it’s not far from here.”
. And he compliments my violin playing when he obviously doesn’t know a thing about classical music! It’s driving me up the wall!”
John’s phone beeps, and he checks the screen, ignoring Bill once again. Sherlock is complaining about the work he’s doing on his thesis. John replies:
Sherlock went a bit pink. He cleared his throat and nodded. “If you wish. The general idea is to rotate your head much faster than the rest of your body when you spin, and to move at a consistent rate. So, you’ll spin, holding eye contact with me whilst you turn. Try to make the contact last as long as possible before turning your head.”
he thinks after a pained moment. He pushes open the door wide, allowing a wide-eyed Sherlock to step out first.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was obviously having a blast. He swung his gun around like it was a toy. Which it was, of course, but that wasn’t the
John tilted his head questioningly, and Molly smiled. “We have bio together, right?” Molly asked. “And ignore the Mechagodzilla comment. I just run the sound board.”
Sherlock’s young, peaceful face streaked with tears makes something in John go soft, then sharp with rage. He carefully slithers out of Sherlock’s loose embrace, and sets out.
“Uh, no. I prefer working with the young ones.” Sherlock answered truthfully, knowing that if he didn’t speak there was a good chance he’d do something stupid like kiss John. If he was going to let John know how he felt, it would be slowly. (Softly.)
“John, could you do me a favor?” Molly asked, shifting at his side. She and John were sitting in the balcony together, watching as Sally hypnotically mopped the stage floor for the opening night performance.
John takes Sherlock’s elbow. “Technically, this is enough contact to take you along with me when I disapparate. But the closer we are, the more comfortable the journey will be for you.”
“Bad luck, Irene.” John claps a hand on her back, feeling smug. “Think of it this way. Between us, we have all our bases covered. You handle the lesbians, and I’ll take…everyone else.”
John crouches down so that he’s on the same level as her and the half-dozen six- through eight-year olds, smiling broadly. (Stupid handsome face.)
When Mary found out what was happening with John’s dad, she offered to play his beard. Begged, really. John had tried to refuse. It wouldn’t be fair to her, and Mary deserved a real relationship. But three weeks, three girls from Surrey, Kent, and Essex later, and one nickname from his rugby mates—‘Three Counties Watson’—John had capitulated. To hear Mary talk about ‘splitting up’ with him now caused panic to flit through his veins.
John only continues to smile encouragingly. “It just takes practice, Henry. You’ll get it soon enough.”
“Hey John! Mary mentioned the other day you might be interested in joining the crew, yeah?” John nodded, but he must not have looked very enthusiastic, because Greg laughed. “I get it, you’re not the first bloke lured into this department by a girl.” Greg glanced at a girl in the corner. John recognized her from his biology class. Molly Hooper. John grinned at the smitten look on Greg’s face, but before he could speak, Greg continued.
The man lets out a laugh, more disbelieving than amused, as John blinks up at him. “That’s not the reaction I usually get.”
- fic 2: John has a bisexual awakening his first year of uni and belatedly realizes that he had a crush on his best friend growing up all along without even knowing it.  He comes home for Sherlock’s graduation, stressed about coming out as bi to Sherlock (who he assumes is straight).
“Oh, that's right! He might've mentioned it a few times, now that I think about it. Sherlock!” she calls up the stairs behind her. “Your young man is here!” She turns back to John. “Now tell me, dear. Are you going to be good to Sherlock, or are you going to toss him out with last week’s
“I dunno, Adler. Between Healing tuition, loans, and next month’s rent, I don’t have two galleons to rub together.”
not the reason that boy cried himself to sleep tonight. He told me he thinks nobody can love him, you know? Like he isn’t the most brilliant thing under the sun.”
Irene’s eyes narrow suspiciously at Bill’s words. She was eager enough to tell Mike and Bill about John’s crush on a customer last night, but she was still protective of Sherlock. “When you say ‘charm offensive,’ you don’t mean-”
“What is what what is?” John smiles, feeling elated and silly and invincible. He has Sherlock wrapped in his jacket, hopefully soon to be wrapped in his arms.
Irene shakes her head in disbelief and throws some popcorn at him. “Yes he did. You, John Watson, wizarding-barista slash shameless flirt, got Sherlock Holmes’ mobile number. In a day.” Irene hops down from the counter and goes to count the till. “You are a wonder. I wouldn’t believe it if I hadn’t saw it all myself. Now go stack the chairs and sweep up.”
He pulls away from Sherlock and takes several steps away. He turns his back, shoulders tense and shaking. Did Sherlock do something wrong? His fuzzy mind tries to find the moment that made John withdraw.
“Can I tell Molly? That you’re my boyfriend?” he loves the feeling of the word in his mouth and suspects he's going to be using it a lot.
Before long Sherlock turns drowsy, exhausted, John suspects, by an overload of emotions. “Why can’t anyone love me?” he murmurs, slurred, into John’s neck before his body relaxes entirely and he falls asleep.
Smiling, John pulls Sherlock close enough to kiss him, cupping his chin to tilt it to a desirable angle. “I’m glad you’re my boyfriend, then,” John rumbles, and continues to snog Sherlock senseless.
Sherlock pulls a small notebook out of his coat pocket and starts to rifle through the pages, scanning hand-written notes and reciting them at a furious pace.
John gives his shoulders a squeeze. “Listen. You’re going to get out there, get lost in the music, and dance. It’s just like rehearsal, except a bit louder. And no matter what happens, you can trust me. I’ve got you.” He locks eyes with Sherlock and wills him to see how earnest he is.
“What the hell?” John heard Anderson cry, the sentiment echoed in confused mutters by a few others onstage.
John let Mary chatter on, listening fondly as she spoke at length about this year’s slated production.
“I’m not, not really! What do you mean?” Stanley said as he joined John by the list. “Oh my god. Sarah - Sarah, Mrs. Hudson actually cast me! What am I going to do?” he squeaked, eyes wide and fearful.
,” between kisses, because that’s what’s been inside of him trying to get out for ages now. Maybe since their first day together.
Clearing his throat, which feels very tight, John passes ten pence in change across the counter just as Irene finishes preparing the coffee and plants it in front of Sherlock.
“Victor and I grew up together. We were close even when we were little kids, and both our families thought we’d end up married someday. They used to joke about it before we even started ‘dating,’ when I was thirteen. But Victor was two years older than me, and he didn’t want to…take advantage of that. So we waited a long time. The night before he left for uni, we decided to try it.” Sherlock shrugs, but he looks stiff and uncomfortable. John reaches out a hand to rest on his upper arm.
Molly called Mary up from the lower audience and found her mic pack. When Mary jogged up the stairs, she was wearing only a nude leotard and tights. She winked at John’s flustered expression and leaned up to kiss his cheek. “Nothing you haven’t seen before, eh dear?” John resisted the urge to scowl. He didn’t appreciate thinking about the fake sex life he had with his fake girlfriend, who in reality was like his sister.
“Take good care of my boy, Mr. Watson!” shouts his mother from behind him. Sherlock turns to scowl at her, but his gaze is caught by the sight of John Watson nodding seriously back at his mother.
John looked to Sherlock. “Does it really make that big of a difference to you? The necklace?” he asked.
“Oh, just Greg and the other counselors. So that’s me, Philip, Janine, and David. Oh, and Mike. He’s one of the cooks. And I heard Mrs. Hudson added to the pool this morning.”
. They’re certainly not going to talk about it when there are upwards of twenty curious eavesdroppers around them.
, to the only two queer kids for about fifty miles in any direction, that John Watson just came out of the closet. With fucking
Sherlock’s shoulders are twisting with the beat, and there’s a mischievous sparkle in his eyes. “You’ll have to come and get me.”
John shoulders Irene away from the register when Sherlock reaches them. She huffs, but otherwise consents to begin making Sherlock’s regular coffee.
He steps onto the duvet beside John and wordlessly collapses onto his back, throwing a forearm over his eyes with an enormous sigh.
. My mates on the rugby team said you could do that, but honestly, that was unbelievable!” John’s face stretches in a dazzling smile. John leans forward conspiratorially, eyes glittering. “Okay, let me guess. You figured out Harry from my textbook, yeah?” John gestures to his book where Sherlock
“Okay…” Sherlock is looking very intently down at him, so John avoids his gaze as he carefully picks over his words. He directs them at the lovely pale hands that he’s holding in his own.
When John apparates home from his long day at St Mungo’s, the Statute of Secrecy paperwork is waiting for him, just as Harry promised.
Sherlock snorts, shaking his head into his food as he imagines all too easily what a formidable couple the two women would make.
Sherlock groans as he finally pulls himself away from his attentions along John’s collarbone. “There’s slow, yes. And then there’s
Sherlock tries to stay in the loose, relaxed place that physical activity leaves in his brain, but without the dancing, his mind wanders. Looking over the room, he notices that the large studio mirror is set directly into the wall, rather than being mounted with screws or brackets.
John chuckled as he watched the two of them dance wildly around the stage, falling into an rapid, bouncy waltz. He was only disappointed that his new friends wouldn’t be joining him backstage after all. He shouldn’t have worried.
After what feels like hours of stretching and fidgeting, the grey-haired man and older lady who had greeted Sherlock at the sign-in station enter the room. The man, Greg, calls, “Alright, everyone! You should’ve all had enough time to stretch, so let’s get started. Form two even lines, facing the mirror. But don’t worry, you’ll all get a chance to dance in front.”
But John is nervous. Because Sherlock moving on means it’s time for the next part of his plan: to begin showing Sherlock how much he cares about him. To, with utter and complete sincerity,
John counts what’s left of his pocket change: a mere 12 Sickles and 3 Knuts, but more than he’d been expecting. In fact, it should be just enough for…
As he contemplates this and admires Sherlock’s handsome face suffused with enthusiasm for the discussion at hand, Irene nudges him in the rib cage.
“It’s nice,” John sighs, content. He feels the warm thrumming in his veins that he has recently come to recognize as the magic that Sherlock stirs up in him whenever they’re together. Carefully, John tamps down on it, not ready to inadvertently reveal his secret to Sherlock.
“Good. Make sure he knows. Your mother and I want to meet him soon.” Apparently satisfied by the short conversation, he heaves himself from the couch, batting away the help Sherlock tries to offer. Sherlock listens as he makes his way slowly up the stairs.
without a protégé. And I was wondering whether you wanted to be my ASM for the spring musical. I wasn’t sure whether or not you were planning to continue with theatre after this show, especially with all this. But you’d make an ace stage manager. I’d have just the one semester to train you up, then you could step into my shoes and be the stage manager next year. I’m certain you’d pick it up right quick. The way you called those shots, kept your head cool when Hope was up there? That situation was easily ten times as stressful as any disaster that could happen during a show. Which is saying something.”
John doesn't quite believe that this is the same gangly, awkward Sherlock that went out for rugby in order to flirt with the captain. On second thought, John eyes Victor again and wonders whether Sherlock might not have a type. Victor is blond, maybe an inch taller than John, and built like an athlete.
“I think you’ll find you’re wrong there, Johnny-boy! Add me to the list!” Sarah chirped, utterly unfazed.
John was running for the stairs before his conscious mind fully understood what was happening. He pressed the talk button on his wireless headset.
John has to bite back his own tears. He lies there, arms around his best friend, his source of light, this boy he loves
Thanks so much for reading! And thanks for all of the wonderful responses-- they made it extra fun to post my first-ever fic.
for the first time. When John was still a stranger. He remembers feeling elated, and awed, and humbled, that anyone could be so brave. How it felt when he got to share that feeling with Molly. He thinks about the little girl they met this afternoon, that reminded him so much of his best friend when they were young.
that I mean to make bold withal,” Sherlock replied. That wasn’t right. Sherlock continued his speech, but there was a soft buzzing in John’s ear as someone came over headset.
The small smile on Sherlock’s face breaks into a full grin (no teeth, all lips and it looks really kind of goofy and John instantly adores it). “I’d like that,” he answers to John’s immediate relief, and he climbs onto the bed, knees straddling John’s lap, face looming closer to John’s for a brief open-eyed kiss. He takes a deep breath and looks straight into John’s eyes. “I want you every day, too. For a long time.”
Sherlock scowls at her and pays, refusing to acknowledge the blush coloring his cheeks. If this girl can recognize it, then at least John won’t mistake the gesture for what it is.
John strokes his hands up Sherlock’s legs and sides, enjoying the feeling of Sherlock shuddering slightly in response. “Well, it’s close enough to London when I need to stop by the offices. And there’s actually another fun thing about being a stupidly rich celebrity. It turns out I have some strings to pull with the university admissions office.”
“Don’t worry about it, Sher. Worst these arrows can do is give you a spectacular bruise. I know first-hand, I’ve taught archery to little kids before and they don’t have the best aim.”
had to go. Sherlock had stood in the cold and watched until the car’s taillights dipped over a hill and disappeared completely.
The room was cramped and too hot and definitely a fire hazard waiting to happen, but John immediately loved it.  It was an oasis of chaos inside his otherwise pristine school.
Vines of them climbing up every chair and table, winding up the lamp, between books, over the mantel and even peeking through the eyes of the skull. They sway gently, seeming to open wider for Sherlock, shine brighter as they wave at him. Sherlock laughs at the swell of color, delighted.
The blonde lady on the other side of the counter doesn’t seem to mind, though. She smiles shyly at John when he glances towards her. When he thinks Irene isn’t looking, John boils the water with magic and passes the woman her tea across the counter. “Thank you, um, John?” she glances down at his name tag. “I’m sure you’ll get the hang of it soon.” She smiles meaningfully at him as she drops something in the tip jar and takes her leave.
“He doesn’t.” It’s said so quietly compared to John’s shouting that John almost doesn’t hear. He pauses. Victor looks defiantly into John’s eyes and says, “He doesn’t
They run out of giggles as the chill night air catches up with them. Sherlock’s happy face creasing a little in confusion. “So this is? What I think it is?” Sherlock asks, doing nothing whatsoever to enlighten John.
John inspects the curly green vine that’s wrapped loosely around Sherlock’s finger. It has the bud of a flower at the end of it. Yellow, and looking ready to open at any moment. John shuts his eyes in disbelief, because he suddenly knows exactly what this is.
Sherlock hums, stretches out a crick in his neck, and ignores him. With a sigh, John gathers his bags and prepares to depart the plane. When they reach a stop, John exits to find an enormous purple bus waiting for them.
"Right. Sorry, Greg. Standing by." John was ready. Eager, even, to see whether Sherlock actually had the chops to back up his big talk. Past his initial…demonstration, John hadn’t seen Sherlock act.
,” Sherlock clears his throat. “I couldn’t help but notice that aside from being kind and well-spoken, you were also very handsome all of a sudden. So maybe I loved you a bit then, too, because you made it very easy for me to figure out I was gay despite how repulsive I found all the boys at my school.”
“I’m purchasing Molly and Irene matching outfits,” says Sherlock suddenly. “Feline sweaters, perhaps. Irene will hate it, but Molly will find it adorable. And if what you say is true, then I suspect Irene will love
“Do you think they’ll get it?” John says, turning mock-serious as he looks between Sherlock and Irene, obviously joking.
“Molly didn’t say anything about—Oh, never mind.” Sherlock shivered as he felt John’s hands accidentally brush the bare skin of his back. John extracted his hands and smoothed down Sherlock’s collar.
“It’s okay, Sherlock. Just breathe. Nothing bad is happening to you, you’re safe. I’m going to count to ten, try to match your breathing with the numbers okay?” John rubs Sherlock’s forearms in a repetitive motion as he counts, his own anxiety unclenching as Sherlock’s breath gradually evens and his shaking lessens.
“Your dad’s doing better, then, I take it?” John says, and Sherlock turns the glower on him. Which is just unacceptable, as is the several inch gap between them at the moment, so John walks straight back into Sherlock’s space. God, Sherlock is so warm and close and solid and John had
John crosses his arms defensively, knowing that she’s possibly a bit right. He hasn’t had a relationship that lasted longer than a weekend or two in…more than a year, he thinks. He tells himself it’s because he’s busy with his Healing rotations, although he knows his exes would insist he’s just emotionally constipated.
“The laws around the Statute are changing pretty fast. Since you have a lawyer in the family,” Harriet winks, “I can pull some strings at the Ministry to fast-track your case. It’ll likely be as simple as filing some paperwork.”
a freak.” John repeated, with conviction. “And I’ll pummel anybody who says different. Who says that about you anyways, you’re the best loved counselor Mrs. Hudson has got, far as I can tell!”
“Yes! That’s me.” Sherlock is looking straight at John, his head tilted to one side, eyes intent. Is he confused? John probably sounds like a total prat, assuming the dancer recognizes him. “I mean, I am. John. Watson. Um. The singer? Which. You probably- might! Probably might know, if you’re auditioning! Which, you dance very well! We were watching. Through the mirror! Oh, God that probably sounds creepy. Is it creepy? I mean-” John would’ve gone on spilling out every word that came to his mind without anything like a filter had Irene not stepped forcefully on his foot.
John was just turning into the Shop one afternoon when he heard a commotion just outside the stage doors. Concerned, he went to investigate, only to find Sherlock and Sally Donovan yelling from opposite sides of a cluttered table. The table was covered in a mountain of random modern and Elizabethean items. Must be the props, which John knew Sally to be managing in Stan’s stead. John saw masks, a basket full of fake bread and fruit, goblets, a flashlight, and several fake guns among the disarray. He recognized several knock-off browning pistols, which actors would carry in place of swords.
?” Mum yells, clapping her hands together, oblivious to the attention they’re receiving from neighboring tables. John tries to hush her, but she barrels on. “I had no clue you were so serious about him, darling! Oh how
Heed the rating change! It's pretty tame compared to some other things on this site, but I'm damn proud of it for a first attempt at a sex scene.
“He’ll have on his own belt,” Molly continued and gestured towards the elastic around Mary’s waist which had a small bag attached. Mary obligingly struck a stewardess-worthy pose to illustrate its location. “I’ve already turned the body on, so all you have to do is put it into his belt then feed the wire up his back and clip the head of the microphone into his hair.” Molly demonstrated. “Simple enough, yeah?”
John smiles widely, and busies himself with gathering the cutlery on the table as the man stands, offended, and sends a hot glower towards John.
This, John simply cannot understand, and the disbelief spills out of him. “What? Why? What happened?”
“That, would be our tour bus, Mr. Holmes,” answers Irene’s voice. The three of them walk together to appraise it.
bloke, unlike anyone John has ever seen in two decades spent admiring the human form. The man is tall and slender and graceful as he struts confidently through the shop towards the counter, a long dark coat flapping behind him.
One day Sherlock comes to their lunch table with a stylish new haircut cropped on the sides and a boy John doesn’t recognize on his elbow. The transformation from gawky teenager into  confident, self-assured young man is complete. It looks good on him.
“I’ll keep this short and simple, John,” Molly says, ignoring the platitude and Sherlock grins at the performance. “Sherlock is my best friend. If you hurt him in any way, I will know, and I will come after you. I have access to a bone saw and I know how to use one.”
“You’re a regular, then?” he asks lightly. The man hums, but doesn’t comment otherwise. Or look up from his screen. John wants desperately to hear the man’s voice again, especially now that it’s being denied. “I’m John,” he tries.
John saunters over to him in time with the music, gently nudging Sherlocks legs apart so he can fit himself between them. Sherlock sets aside his computer and wraps his arms loosely around John’s neck. John cranes up onto the tips of his toes to give Sherlock a firm, smacking kiss.
Sherlock trails off, blushing horribly (beautifully). He looks to his right, left, anywhere but John.
There are a handful of protesters screaming and waving signs when mummy pulls their car onto the airfield. In the seat beside him, Molly squeezes Sherlock’s hand. His dad shakes his head and mutters darkly that the protesters should ‘get a hobby.’
Not necessarily. One time his dorm mate cut off John's ponytail in the middle of the night, and Bill had helped an hysterical John grow it all back with magic the next morning.
John turns his head in her direction, but doesn’t look away from the dancer. “Aren’t you supposed to be watching the auditions? Not, you know, being your enigmatic and annoying self?”
“Getting by at Clara’s place while I try and talk some sense into mum and dad. If I can convince Harry to pretend she’s bi, I think we have a shot at getting her home.”
Once, John finds Sherlock in his room clutching one of Victor’s old shirts. There are tears in his eyes. John sits himself down beside him and imposes a one-sided hug onto a resistant Sherlock, tucking that dear, curly head under his chin for what might be hours, or minutes.
- When he planned his magical departure wrong, and got to the planned restaurant in half the time it should have taken. (He lied and just barely convinced Sherlock that he was already nearby).
And, no matter how much they manage to talk on the phone, he still misses John terribly. There are only two more weeks of performances and the tour be all over and then Sherlock
in paint. Colorful splashes and drops obscured the original tile of the floor completely and spray paint snaked its ways indiscriminately up the walls. There were stacks of wood and carpentry tools in one corner, a large pile of miscellaneous scenery stacked in another. John saw chairs and lamps from all different eras as well as, inexplicably, an enormous claw-footed bathtub, what appeared to be the front half of a helicopter made out of paper mache, and a tuba that had been spray painted electric pink.
- Credit for Sherlock’s brand of ‘psychological torture’ goes to an excellent HP fanfic called Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality.
John forces out an awkward laugh as the Muggle man looks between them with confused suspicion on his face. "If you say so." The bell above Speedy’s door rings again as another customer exits, and he starts to step back uncertainly.
, without telling me. As if, to James, our relationship was just about spiting his dad, about shocking him, about
Feeling an uptick in his heart-rate, Sherlock licks his lips. “Oh, just, celebrating your first night in Oxford,” he lies.
John laughs as he rolls out of bed and gathers his own clothes from the floor. Because even though Irene interrupted an...intimate moment, John can’t fault her enthusiasm. She isn’t half as pleased as
.  The talk about Sherlock’s history with Victor that concluded with John’s unwillingness to reciprocate information about his own past.
“Well there’s the fact that he’s been sitting in the waiting room for days, going by the state of his clothing.,” Mary inspected her manicure, disinterest belied by the side-eyed glance she sent John’s way.
But hold that thought for a second, Watson…” Irene steps back and rakes her eyes over him critically. “…and tell me what on Morgana’s sweet Earth you are wearing.”
“You’ll love it! The backstage group is a great crowd, and I might even get the lead this year. Year 12s almost never do, but Mrs. Hudson said I had, and I quote, ‘great potential!’”
“That’s not how I meant it.” Sherlock thinks back to a time when he didn’t have John in arm’s reach, when he and Harry Watson were just faces on the television, voices on the radio. “Listen. You already know I was a fan before I met you. When I was young and awkward and had no friends, you were always so sweet and kind to your fans on telly. And then Molly and I became friends because of The Watsons. It’s like were always going to have a place in my heart.” John still looks guarded, but he hasn’t tried to pull away his hand again so Sherlock keeps talking.
Bones and John stared at each other. John immediately hit the comms button on the center seat’s arm. “All decks, security alert! Locate and restrain Mr. Sh’lok! He may be dangerous. Use phasers on stun if necessary—”
Bones shook his head. “I’m keeping her sedated. I don’t dare touch her surgically, John; she’s far too weak. And removal of the tissue wouldn't stop the pain anyhow, as far as I can tell.”
They moved cautiously into the next corridor into which the signal coming to Bradstreet’s tricorder was leading them. “Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I have an answer for you. It seems your pain bands are manually controlled. The red button on a bracelet releases them. I know that does not make much sense…”
John nodded and moved to step down off the dais, his landing party moving with him to arrange themselves for beam-up. As John was stepping down from the dais, Tharn said, “Captain—”
Sh’lok moved on down the tunnel, leaving his Captain by himself for a moment—though not out of sight. John knelt down just briefly over what was left of his crewman, thinking about the message he was going to have to send back to this man’s family. And in the background another thought moved briefly, not quite spelling itself out, but present:
Just the hand he was holding against him, now, while Sh’lok’s tongue moved sweetly against his: there were endless possibilities there. Years of experience in the art of how to be doing something else while he was also kissing meant John had no problem at all with delicately removing his hand from on top of Sh’lok’s, and then descending again with just the index and middle fingers, pressed together, and stroking them along the inward side of Sh’lok’s index finger and down to the soft vee of flesh between it and the middle finger. Then he stroked from that vee upward toward the knuckle and
After a while the door to the Mess opened to reveal Sh’lok standing there with his own padd in one hand, pausing to glance around in a peculiarly uncertain way, as if not quite sure what he was doing there. John waved him over, and Sh’lok fetched a glass of water from the food hatch and joined him at his little table.
Sh’lok moved quietly toward John and relieved him of his phaser and his dagger. “What are you doing?” Sh’lok said.
Sh’lok had bent immediately to his hooded viewer and was gazing down it. “The ship is a one-man vessel of Denevan configuration, Captain,” he said, and straightened. “He does not seem to be out of control. His course is straight for the sun.”
lot more than a couple of planets. If people start faffing around with it without understanding it, they could, I don’t know, rip space wide open or something! Whole universes could wind up merging catastrophically. There could be a disaster beyond
Sh’lok blinked. Then his gaze narrowed again. “You said that there was something I must do that would leave me ‘no leisure for being dead.’”
John therefore spent the next few moments gazing around at the extraordinary space in which they stood. Finally things quieted down. “Well,” he said. “This is… unusual.”
John was opening his mouth to say something else when he realised that Lestrade had suddenly been distracted by something, or more properly, someone: by Dr. Hooper, who was making her way along the corridor in their direction carrying a tray with a lidded bowl on it.
The other two henchmen regarded this as if it was nothing unusual, perhaps even expected. John rubbed reflectively at the spot where he’d been hit himself, half-surprised after all this excitement to find blood still trickling down there from his lip. “Not on
Sh’lok had naturally heard stories of the relentlessness of the in-mind events triggered by such a challenge—the ancient instincts so long and deeply buried in the Vulcan consciousness and subconscious, a welter of biological imperatives inextricably tangled up with behavioral cues, cultural conditioning and genetic tinkering tens of thousands of centuries old. In his pride—
. The only reason they were able to affect me so strongly when I first arrived was that I had insufficient experience in withstanding them, and my nervous system was still experiencing active insult. The more influence they attempt to exert upon me, the more experience I acquire, paradoxically, in holding them off.”
From the speakers suddenly a gasping voice punched through the static and the ionisation interference. “I did it,” the voice said, a man’s voice, desperate but sounding impossibly relieved, “I
Sh’lok said, leaning over and ruffling up the sehlat’s ears. “So! Attend me now. We’ve much work to do, and little time to do it.” He looked around them. “Many things here must for the time being be made safe, held secure. There is an enemy at the gates…”
Then slowly John let his knees drop open. Slowly he let his fingers relax. Slowly he arched his back against the bed, and gazed up into Sh’lok’s eyes, and found the old, old words he needed.
as she swung into standard orbit. From the morning rounds to the chessboards, none of the day’s events so far had presented any real surprises.
sides of that memory that he had to stop and rub a sleeve across his eyes before he could go on. Not because it was a sad memory. Quite the opposite.
“No it’s not,” John said, coming out from behind the desk and starting to pace back and forth in front of the door to the adjoining lab where Dr. Hooper was working. “I know the Altair situation. We would be one of
It was a half-shameful kink for him, the way some very gentle and sweet-tempered people Sally knew went in for bondage or pain play and were guilty about it.
Dark red stone, like sandstone, wind-worn and faintly glittering: light red sand, thick enough on the ground to shift a little underfoot, the surface of it shifting a bit in the wind. It was the combination of all that red sand and dust getting into the air, in particles of just the right size, that caused that astonishing sky rearing up over them—orange enough near the horizon, but shading up to the color of blood—well, his and Lestrade’s blood—near the zenith.
Sh’lok bowed his head over John’s cock again, stroked the foreskin back, and ever so slowly began lapping at its head and its shaft, kissing it again and again on the tip or the head or down its length, dragging his tongue in long broad strokes down the shaft’s length and up again… worshipping John’s cock with his mouth as if it was something unspeakably precious, something he’d never dared to hope he might be allowed to touch. In this deluge of tenderness and at-last-requited desire John utterly lost his words, could find nothing with which to express himself but gasps and moans of bliss.
