The one class they shared was in Literature. An exam was scheduled for that Friday. As it turned out, neither had actually read
"I can't believe I let Harry put me up to this."
“Do you want to go for a swim?”
Sherlock looked at him in mock concern. "Are you alright?"
“Just trust me.”
“And why not?” Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock spotted him instantly, and pointed. "Hold that man."
"Professor, I would really like to speak to you alone. In the morning."
John glanced over his shoulder at Mycroft, conversing cordially with one of the most influential men in the country, and turned to Sherlock with a mischievous sparkle in his eye. He leaned in to whisper in Sherlock's ear. "What if I told you there were things I want to do to improve upon that suit of yours, too?"
, Wilkes." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
So he lied. “I heard you singing under your breath in class. Clearly you’re a fan.”
"You know, you could just ask."
“Is it my fault they decided to use the strongest tape they could find?”
“Very well.”
"Yes. But she's happy about it. Incredibly happy. That was not a fun marriage."
“I know.”
Sherlock picked it up, then rounded on John, still holding the struggling suspect against the wall. "Where did you learn to do that?"
When they got back to the castle that evening, they made a plan to meet in the same third-floor passage as before as soon as John finished dinner. Then they reluctantly separated, Sherlock headed up the stairs with the Chocolate Cauldrons and John through the doors into the Great Hall.
"You know, David Bowie would make a good Bond villain."
Sherlock immediately nuzzled into John's shoulder. "No, I'm sorry. I didn't know I was wrong."
“Sorry,” she said. “She invited me, and I just…”
"I..." John realized what he'd said, but knew it was far from untrue. "I love you, idiot."
"Am I breathing?"
She wasn't even halfway back to her flat before John found himself being dragged up the stairs to their own sitting room. Sherlock left him in the doorway, but sprinted to the bathroom and turned on the shower.
“Are you going to eat?”
John was surprised to wake before Sherlock, whose limbs were wrapped around him so tightly that he shouldn’t have been comfortable, but he was. Cool breaths puffed against John’s throat from Sherlock’s nose, and each thump of Sherlock’s heart against his side made John dread the inevitable moment when Sherlock would leap out of bed and into action.
Sherlock turned his head toward him and sniffed. “Really?”
John snorted. “Yeah, maybe. Anyway, I’m going to bed.” He stood and gathered his books, regretting the decision to work on Charms instead of going down to the dungeons for a Potions session with Sherlock.
“Why?”
"What about Beatrice?"
“Certainly.” Sherlock took a deep breath in a vain attempt to calm his pulse.
Sherlock: 18
Sherlock smiled, and John’s world imploded. There were times when John felt himself slipping back into the limp, times he woke up in the middle of the night with the remnant of a forgotten nightmare. Then he would glance over at his partner, grinning in his sleep, and everything would be better.
“No, he is. Too observant. That’s the problem.”
what you hear?"
“Bloody git,” John grumbled as he walked out of Sherlock’s bedroom and over to the small door that he presumed was the closet Sherlock had referred to.
"Well, I was worried!" He rounded on Fitzgerald. "You can't just start a conversation with 'you're listed as your boyfriend's emergency contact' and expect me to be calm."
One instant, Sherlock was diving. The next, he was falling uncontrollably, sliding off the front of his broom, unconscious.
Sherlock sat down and picked up his pen.
Sherlock, upon a second examination, could pick apart John’s seemingly genuine smile. “Doing fine.”
"You still haven't answered my question."
"And why are you both soaking wet?"
It wasn't even that important that 1999 was ending. A new millennium just meant a new year, which just meant a new day for needlessly optimistic people to make promises to themselves and break them within the week. Sherlock knew full well that Mycroft felt the same, but was forced to attend this function, and get as many people as possible to attend with him, because apparently the year 2000 was a
Sherlock had always loved the zoo. As a child, Mycroft would take him to see the reptiles and he would study them for hours, searching for the camouflaged ones, shouting with joy when he found one he'd read about. Naturally, the reptile house was his favorite place.
“No, it’s fine.” John stared at her as she added, mumbling, “Go have fun with Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock smiled sadly and pulled John closer. "Fine. Just as long as you don’t mind."
The match pretty much kept in its downward spiral. Harry spent way too much time on one side of the pitch, while Sally dropped the Quaffle no less than four times and Mary began missing the goalposts completely.
“I, um…no reason.”
He wasn’t able to process whether Sherlock gave him a genuine, excited smile or another smirk before he was being dragged to the south wing.
“Your house, I want to see it.”
“Yes. I enjoy spending time with him,” John said firmly.
And here we are with another chapter. I'll try to keep posting every other week, probably typically on Thursday or Friday. While you wait, though, you can go check out my friend
“Are you alright?” Molly asked. “You’ve not said a word since you got here.”
“Good. Now. Memory?”
No. He didn’t think of John that way. He pushed John in the same direction that he pushed everyone: away.
John's friends laughed.
"Yep."
“You mean tonight.”
"I beg to differ."
“Right. Well, John here
John’s brow furrowed, amused. “Of course it’s me, you git, I’ve been here the whole time—”
"Don't worry. We're just here to pay the bill," Mycroft replied sarcastically.
Turning the page, there was another picture of Mycroft, a bit older, reluctantly smiling toothlessly. It was incredible how little he’d changed, John thought.
“One’s magical and one’s not?”
Sherlock looked up at John. "Victor...Victor is..."
They were walking past the giraffe enclosure when Sherlock took his hand. That was another thing he loved, holding John's hand while they were out in public. He wanted everybody to know who John was, that they were there together, that his joke was the one that John was laughing at.
John sighed in the same manner. “Fine, Sherlock. Fine.”
bring John to his knees.
"No," Sherlock said.
to hit it at him.” Seb’s smirk told John otherwise.
"I'm sure we can confirm that yes, I think I do."
Sherlock sighed. “Coming along. The potion’s finished. All I have to do now is hope Mycroft stays out of my bedroom long enough to get the results.”
John’s eyes widened. Sherlock laughed again.
Sherlock blinked. "You wanted to be a zookeeper?"
“Bloody hell, let’s go,” John finally said, marching off toward the old house, knowing Sherlock would follow.
"Right." He hung up, knowing from years of experience that there was nothing else he was going to get out of Mycroft Holmes. "Come on."
"No, I'm...I'm fine," Sherlock managed, though he wasn't, not by any means. Being in love was anything but
John was regretting ever agreeing to this. His fingers ached from the repeated chopping of roots and multiple burns from the repeatedly failed potion which Sherlock was supposed to be helping him concoct. Sherlock had, in reality, simply sat back and watched John fail, becoming frustrated and walking from the room multiple times as the thick liquid in the cauldron turned the wrong shade of brown or too bright a shade of pink.
He tried not to show a reaction when John suddenly kicked the table, but he couldn't help but jump a little.
John smiled. “Come on.” His body vaguely protested when he took the hand that was teasing him in order to lead the body attached to it.
, who I should probably thank more often because she tolerates my rants about AU ideas and my writer's block breakdowns, as well as me spoiling my own stories for her.
“So it
"It's perfectly alright, John," Sherlock stated clearly, hoping he put his intent across.
“It’s because he’s a terrific snitch, there always needs to be at least one snitch in the ranks,” Sherlock said with a scowl that only served to make John laugh.
“They’re beautiful,” John continued, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder and marveling at the bees even as Sherlock’s arms crushed his middle.
Mycroft didn't take his eyes off of them for a second, even when his favorite dessert arrived.
The crowd erupted. “Another ten points for Gryffindor!”
“Sherlock, if you’re not down here in five minutes, we’re leaving without you,” Mrs. Holmes called for the third time.
, you should see him with Mycroft.”
“I’m sorry, John. I didn’t mean for this to happen, I just thought it might be fun to—”
Sherlock looked up suddenly, staring at the back of John’s head. “Do you…do you love me?”
Sherlock finally turned away from the apparent source of the lights to look at John.
"I suppose," Sherlock replied, hesitantly placing a hand over the sleeve of John's costume.
When Sherlock arrived home in a pair of John's pyjamas, his mother didn't mention it, because John's mother had already called her about cleaning the sleeping bag, and it didn't seem that Sherlock cared, anyway.
They didn't catch whatever she said after that, because John was following right on the tails of Sherlock's billowing cloak, back to Hogsmeade.
“But you said ‘we.’”
"Why wouldn't she be?" John's head almost shot up, but Sherlock caught it before it did.
,” he whispered, eyes closed. After a moment, he opened one. “Did it work?”
Sherlock shrugged. "What was your day like?"
"Hello, Molly."
After dessert, the party moved into the sitting room. Sherlock’s father had placed all of the newcomers’ presents under the tree. Mrs. Holmes reached under and pulled out a number of gifts, tossing them aside ungraciously and eliciting snickers from everyone else. A couple of them even made shattering noises as fragile contents were destroyed, which put a smile on even Mycroft’s face.
"Oh, come on, Honeybee. I love you."
That got an immediate reaction from Sherlock; he'd known it would. Sherlock's face popped up from John's neck, and his hips stopped thrusting. His lips were swollen and red from both John and himself biting them, hanging open as if he'd just been slapped.
"I..." He trailed off.
She left and Sherlock reentered. He immediately took a seat in the chair she'd vacated and picked up John's hand again. "Are you alright?"
"Yeah?"
Sherlock nearly dropped his water. "You what?"
He continued to glance at John for the entire walk, actually, making John hyper-aware of the length of his stride and the sweat on his brow ave his slippery, vicelike grip on the hamper. He sat down as quickly as he could when they reached an empty patch of grass, spreading out the sheet he'd brought and letting the hamlet rest in his lap.
“I see. Is this boring?”
“Alright, now, hang on. You didn’t tell me anything about this bloody mystery you’re trying to solve. How is a purple hair ribbon supposed to be significant to me?”
It was two weeks into term, and John was already struggling in Potions. It had always been his worst subject, and the fact that Harry had now dropped it in pursuit of a career that didn’t require Potions NEWTs didn’t help, because he was going to have to rely on his own Potions-challenged brain for his OWLs.
“I…thank you,” Sherlock muttered.
He cocked his head, amused despite himself at their behavior, which was even stranger than usual. “Not at all,” he finally replied.
“Now, hang on. I never said that.”
“Thanks for what you said. About being my friend.”
"I was just wondering if you were...um...if you're uncomfortable at all."
Sherlock failed to stifle a gasp. John smirked against his skin. "This is too easy," he growled.
“Now’s not the time.”
“Where do you live?”
Perhaps
“Hello, John,” the voice repeated. “It’s been a long time.”
27 Dec--Chapter 21
"Sherlock, you've been doing really well. And if you want to come home after the party, you can."
“Your family isn’t that bad,” John said to Sherlock once they were alone in his bedroom, pulling on pyjamas.
“Sparingly.”
By the time they reached the entrance to Ravenclaw Tower, McGonagall was there speaking with Anderson.
"Your own hands, huh?" John drawled, pulling the stopper from the vial with a
"She's doing well, John. No major incidents yet this term. I daresay she may make it through this year without being expelled," Sherlock murmured.
By the time he made it down the stairs and into the car park across from the building, he'd already attracted plenty of pitying stares and childish giggles. He couldn't be arsed to care, however, until he noticed the boy standing next to him.
22 Dec--Chapter 17
“Wait, did you say you ‘lost control for a moment’?”
“Yeah, tell that to the rest of your House. They all think I play dirty.”
Sherlock glanced smugly over his shoulder as they walked away. Anderson stared after them in frustration and shock.
Sherlock sighed. “I’m sorry, John. I’ll stay on the sofa.”
He managed to stop himself from screaming out loud, but grunted as he struggled to turn and lean against the wall, watching Sherlock pin his assailant to the floor.
“Yes. Uncle Rudy. He can’t ever make it to Christmas dinner, so he typically visits a few days later. He’s late this year.”
"I'm afraid it's a bit late to change career paths now."
“So…Sunday,” John said.
Sherlock's jaw dropped. "I--Victor chose it."
“The giant squid?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The elves?”
“I just—wait, what do you mean, ‘not that bad’?”
"I'm already at a disadvantage! Besides, if I'm on top, how am I gonna move if I'm restrained?"
"It's a form of conditioning that Muggles have researched extensively. After each step we'd mastered, Mummy would give us a sweet. I suppose perhaps that's where Mycroft gets his affinity for devouring them, as he was always such a great learner."
" John laughed.
"So you can get some fresh air and I'll stop wanting to wring your neck. Get dressed."
Sherlock nodded minutely and looked away. “Good. That’s…that’s good.”
“John,
Ah, the other thing Sherlock couldn't get enough of.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows even more, as if in disbelief, yet still somehow managed a cold distance in his stare.
," it mouthed, and Sherlock's shoulders slumped. All potentially humourous ideas had flown from his head the moment it had moved—
"They've just finished dinner," Greg said. "Should pass out in a few hours. If they get thirsty, only water this late. Oh, and Lucy has to have her blue cup."
“Can’t I? I am a warlock, after all.”
Sherlock appeared from around a corner. John hadn’t even seen him leave, but he was suddenly turning the corner from the direction in which Moriarty had left and pacing distractedly. If John hadn’t still been recovering from his own shock, he might have reminded Sherlock that the gun with which he was absentmindedly and agitatedly scratching the back of his head was loaded. All he could manage at the moment was a heaving, “Are you okay?”
“Good. Now, can we finish this essay before one o’clock? I’d like to get a decent amount of sleep this week, first Quidditch match and all.”
“How do I use it?” Sherlock demanded.
He felt a concerned hand on his shoulder. "Sherlock." Unlike the other voices, this one was clear as a bell, and he looked up with wide eyes at the real John Watson. He was on his feet quicker than he would have ever thought possible, every one of his limbs wrapped around John as though the whole experience had turned him into some sort of constrictor. John embraced Sherlock in return, though Sherlock could feel him staring over his shoulder at his own horrible form on the floor.
John grinned and let one of his hands trail down along Sherlock's ribs. Sherlock's breath hitched. That felt much better than he'd expected it to.
"Yeah," she said skeptically.
“I see.”
Mycroft stared at him for a long time before standing and walking away. “Tell him I’m glad he’s alright, would you?” he said over his shoulder before leaving the hospital wing.
“Oh, I couldn’t,” Sherlock protested.
"John?"
Sherlock knew the castle and its passageways better than anyone. He’d dragged John to places he’d never even known existed, secret corridors and secluded spots well-suited for spying—among other things, he noted for future reference.
"Well...some of us do. But don't let it get to you. You're marrying the love of your life."
Sherlock agreed, but reluctantly, and before long he was coming over John's fingers with a shout.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It doesn't matter."
"Well, now we've both said something, can we get on with it?" Sherlock grumbled.
“What is it, Sherlock?” John nearly shouted, turning to his flatmate, who still hadn’t moved from the window.
He ran into the kitchen and took the telephone from his father, confused. “John? Where are you calling from?”
“What does that matter?”
Later that afternoon, between lessons and dinner, John met Sherlock in one of their secret passageways and, after quite a long and silent “hello,” told him about the mysterious and somewhat frightening encounter with the stranger.
get a boyfriend?”
“Yes you do.”
Sherlock huffed and tugged on John's sleeve. "You can eat later, we've got a case."
The killer was being held by two women in corsets, struggling to break away from their grasps as they dragged him over to the stocks. Sherlock followed them, and John dismounted his horse to follow, too.
“Fuck off, Harry, I’m sleeping.”
"Museum sounds fine. Haven't gone in ages."
"Do you..." He trailed off.
“John.”
“‘Funny’ doesn’t even begin to cover it. ‘Mad’ is closer.”
Sherlock's face split into a grin. "Really?"
"No, it wasn't. It was Dad's. And now that I'm not a 'stupid little kid' anymore, I get that what he says isn't right. Harry's my sister, and even though she annoys me a lot, she's still the same Harry after coming out."
"Molly Hooper. She's been...attacked or something."
“Maybe that’s why we get on so well,” John said, reaching out and beckoning him back to the stair. Instead of sitting, however, Sherlock pulled him to his feet and out into deeper water.
John could tell Wilkes had put Sherlock into a bit of a foul mood. "Just sit as far away as you can or he'll toss you out on the pavement himself," he warned.
John thought that she probably understood a great deal more than Sherlock gave her credit for, but that, like him, she was simply stubborn.
Siger shook his head. "They're having a good old time. Don't let it worry you."
John was beginning to struggle against his bindings, both living and not.
“You’re sure you haven’t been stalking her?”
Sarah rolled her eyes. “There’s not much you can do for him if he’s not going to listen to you.”
"A very dangerous substance," Sherlock replied, holding up the bottle. "One little prick--not too difficult in an outfit like that, at full speed on a horse--and you're almost certain to have a problem.
John pulled him close. “So, what are you going to teach me? A waltz? A tango?”
John sighed. "You know what I mean."
. Of course this time is different, I've taken the knife away."
"Holmes," Carthage said, then thinking better of it, "Watson, perhaps you should take him to the hospital wing."
“There was a bit of silver round the tip of your wand,” John supplied cautiously.
“Right. Thanks, Mycroft. Gotta dash.” Sherlock was pulling on his coat before Mycroft could ask what he intended to use it for.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock began, standing and dusting himself off. He stopped when he saw John's glare turned on him.
"What does she like?"
John immediately panicked at the intensity of it, pushed him away. “
Sally nodded. “And that’s the least of it. Apparently he spends all his time in the dungeons experimenting with potions.”
“Sherlock, what’ve you—”
Sherlock cleared his throat and repeated the ridiculous incantation. The vase he pointed at promptly turned into a monkey.
"You know perfectly well why I didn't say anything. I have nothing to say."
"I'm taking a bath. Just knock if you need anything."
Sherlock didn't need to be told twice. Soon his feet were nestled in a pile of clothing, and John's arms were wrapped around his middle. "Do you really think this will help?"
"John!" Sherlock whined.
Sherlock: 31
Sherlock grinned and nodded. "I put it in your trunk before we came back from Christmas. I figured you would've found it before now and taken the hint."
a date.”
. And that sounds like a self-promo, but it's not. I want to get to know the people who actually read my stuff. It's so important to me knowing that there are actual faces and personalities to the usernames.
Clara stopped him right before lunch to congratulate him and ask if it was true that he’d snuck into Ravenclaw Tower.
“Time. I have to go back and make sure this doesn’t happen.”
“Only to us.”
“It’s always great to get off the grounds for a while, isn’t it?” He chanced a look at her face and found just what he’d expected—a triumphant, delighted smirk.
“Fine. What do you want to do, then?”
It was Mr. Holmes's turn to pick them up from school. He smiled as he listened to the talk happening in the backseat.
Although he had a bad feeling about it, John humoured Sherlock and discreetly set off for the third floor at a quarter to ten.
Sherlock paused. “Bisexual?”
“You could act like a doctor.”
McGonagall nodded. "Very well, then. I shall speak with you later. In the meantime"—she glanced at the two of them, then the door with its eagle-shaped knocker, then back—"please get yourselves to the hospital wing. A run-in with the giant squid is hardly something that should go unchecked."
“No he doesn’t.”
"...and the way the sword keeps bumping into things."
When they entered the dining room, John suddenly became conscious of where their hands were joined; every point of skin that touched made him sweat a bit more, and it didn’t help when Mycroft looked up from that evening’s
, didn’t you?”
Sherlock was silent.
John didn’t think he’d ever seen Sherlock so gleeful. The boy looked around and took in all the familiar sights, displays of Sugar Quills and Chocolate Frogs and Licorice Wands. “What would you like?”
He couldn’t keep a grin from stretching his face fondly.
Sherlock nodded. "When are we leaving?"
"You know the way he was looking at you the other day? I've known him for two years, been to dozens of parties hosted by mutual friends, and I've never seen him look at
Sherlock: 21
“The kitchens,” Sherlock answered, grinning mischievously.
"I wasn't at school anyway!"
Greg smiled and nodded. "You've been planning for months. Just go out there and do it like the rehearsal."
Good lord, if that wasn't an understatement, John thought.
“I know.”
“But…where are the towels kept?”
“Right. Yeah. Sorry.”
you let him climb up there,” Mrs. Holmes was saying.
Sherlock gathered himself and cleared his throat pointedly. Mycroft seemed to realize that his fork was suspended halfway to his mouth and fixed that immediately. John coughed into his napkin and worried over his food. So
“Anything but Potions.”
He sighed. “I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
“You don’t
His mind went into overdrive as he pulled on his cloak.
“Not yet. We’ve got to wait for the sacred Third Date.” Sherlock winked at him playfully.
"No, but--"
“God, no. I’m just a bit worried it might collapse.”
“No, I mean…I just wanted to tell you how much you mean to me.”
John didn't respond immediately, and so Sherlock tapped out another message.
“You can’t be serious,” Sherlock scoffed, recovering. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
Sherlock held up the ribbon. “Polly Winston’s. Been missing for days, then turns up in the Forbidden Forest.”
"For what? I haven't done you any favors."
Sherlock kissed him, at the same time reaching out to stop the water. "Come on." He made himself stand and held out a hand to help John.
"Have we got a deal?" John held his hand out.
John looked affronted. “Wouldn’t dream of it!”
“Dorian has just broken it off with Sibyl.”
“I couldn’t miss my little brother’s big day, now, could I?”
A few hours later, he blinked groggily at the ceiling. The room was dark, and the presence of five other boys sleeping soundly all around him registered almost at the same time as that of the growing wet spot at the front of his pants.
By the way, we had a cameo there. I couldn't resist. Mrs. Hudson is totally a professor.
Sherlock's lips turned up at the corners, one of his genuine smiles, and took John's hand just as the beat of the music shifted, and a new piece was emitted from the quartet at the top of the Hall.
"What?"
"Where are we going?" John asked, suspicious.
Sherlock nodded, fruitlessly trying to calm his pulse. Why did everything John said remind him of his utterly painful attempt to keep things slow and distant, at least until he learned to control himself? Why, in all of this realm and the next, did every question sound like an echo?
Sherlock's ears perked up. "And this request can be...anything?"
Minutes later, Sherlock admired the figure he cut in hastily but masterfully modified fancy dress in the mirror hanging on the door. "Where's
Sherlock relaxed against the mattress, for one time in his life unconcerned with winning.
"Do you want to talk?"
"Oh, he's always a child. I'm used to it. Been dealing with it since he actually
John laughed. Sherlock smiled in place of pumping his fist in the air.
“No one said it, but I assumed based on the fact that we’re meant to be down at dinner soon and you’d like us both to look presentable. If I recall, 'thoroughly shagged' doesn’t fall into the definition of 'presentable,' does it?”
John rolled his eyes fondly. "Perhaps your influence has made a difference."
By the time they came back to the table, there were four empty seats where Wendy and her family had been, and John had to stifle his sigh of relief.
"I....Hang on. Christmas? That was ages ago."
"If you want," John went along with a sigh. "Just as long as you clue me in so my tie can match."
"I...think so..."
John glared expectantly.
“John!” Wilkes said over Sherlock’s shoulder once again. “How are you?”
Sherlock collapsed against the wall. John caught him and held him upright. He gave him a little shake. "Sherlock, you okay?"
“Morning, Seb,” John responded with a yawn.
“Yes, John?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not.” He muttered something about a “ridiculous idea” and shook his head.
"It's just all very romantic. Sitting here, torturing small chocolate animals."
“That’s awful.”
The way Sherlock gave the tour, it lasted a whole day and a half. Granted, that was because he seemed insistent on snogging in most rooms—the library, the lounge, and the sun room, to name just a few. This meant that John spent the greater part of his birthday wandering from room to room and simply waiting for Sherlock to attack him on some well-placed sofa or chair, or, as in the case of the sitting room, an extravagant footstool. He couldn’t complain, even when Mycroft walked in on them at it on the baby grand piano and turned around and walked right back out without a word.
"Angelo's."
John knew that was the final word on the matter.
“Sh’lock! ’Gain!” John squealed, reaching up at him.
"I was first mate, I'll have you know! The responsibilities of captaining a pirate ship are far too tedious for me."
John looked startled. "Well...yes, I suppose. If you wanted me to."
," John pointed out.
"Really, Sherlock? We've seen
“Resting. Come on.”
"Then let's go on a date!" Sherlock countered.
He heard rather than felt himself sink to his knees, still gazing stupidly at John's face, twisted in pain, pleading with him. Although he had only read the words on the night that he'd first met Moriarty, he heard the dead voice in his head, the playful accent driving him to clap his hands over his ears.
John snorted. “You think he doesn’t listen to
"Well, I’ll see to it that Mr. Moriarty is—"
“Liquid luck. Just have a bit of it and everything you do will end well until the effects wear off.”
"At least we know you're not hypothermic." John chuckled, and Sherlock let out an airy laugh.
"Oh, hello, Sherlock," he replied, a smug smile stretching his face as it so naturally did.
"Didn't you hear me, John? It can't feel it. It isn't alive."
It took approximately three minutes for Sherlock to pull on one of his ridiculously well-tailored suits and head to the kitchen, where John was just putting a second sandwich down on a plate.
"I...I know that," Sherlock muttered, but still clutched at John's fingers tightly all the way to the hospital.
On the way home, Sherlock pulled out the packet and handed it to John, who tore it open in delight and offered one to Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him and smiled. “I’ve come to appreciate it, though. Not sure why, really.”
“We fell asleep,” Sherlock supplied.
Sherlock’s fingers were sweaty on his wand. “
“Mother told you this morning, Sherlock.”
“There’s nothing I can do about your clumsiness. The fact is, Sherlock, you’re a danger to everyone you meet. A ticking timebomb.”
“I don’t care how they’re playing, I care how
“Oh, thanks, Mycroft,” John said, trying to sound surprised and failing miserably as he opened the box and pulled out the jumper Sherlock had told him about.
"Handcuffed to a lamppost," Sherlock corrected.
John tried to act surprised, and hated himself for having to try at all. “Really?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't want to take--" Sherlock cut himself off, as though an idea had struck him. John hated that look. There was no predicting whether it would be something worth indulging or something completely mad.
"There is a man lying dead
“I’m still not quite sure how he managed to do that.”
Greg smiled. “I suppose as long as you know it.” He yawned and stood. “I can’t say I’m surprised, really,” he said. “The way you reacted to Seb’s bloody stupid move should’ve been enough to tip me off.”
“What about me? What’s this for?” Uncle Andrew slurred, joining in where he found an opening in the conversation.
"Yes."
He hears Mycroft’s voice vaguely: “
“You could…I mean, we…you could sleep with me.”
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s just transport.”
Sherlock jerked his hips back roughly. "What do
"But it's so far," John protested in jest.
“What do you mean?”
“Sherlock?”
"What?"
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and folded his arms across his chest. “You are?”
It was a dance that never left either of them wanting in the darkness of the sitting room at three in the morning.
"Yeah?" John said breathlessly.
“Sherlock, do you...you fancy her, don’t you?”
Sherlock glanced at John and was surprised to find his head bobbing slightly to the beat.
“At least our first date was eventful.”
“Certainly. And he should do the things that normal teenagers do. Make memories,
"Maybe I will, but you won't be."
And with that, he swept up the spiral staircase, leaving John no choice but to follow him.
“Yes! I’m as bi as they come! No one knows it, but it’s true. Except for you, I guess.”
"Please, an anagram of the word 'wow' could fool you," Sherlock muttered.
"Your feet are always bloody cold."
“I don’t even know her, Wilkes. Perhaps if you paid more attention to your lessons and less to your Whitney Houston shrine, you would’ve noticed yourself.” Sherlock wasn’t sure what had made him say it. It was as though something had pulled the words out of him, and he regretted it instantly. Because if one thing was clear about Sebastian Wilkes, it was his inexplicable power when it came to manufacturing reputations and spreading rumours.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
. Always a sure sign that something was wrong. “Sherlock, it’s fine.”
Had anyone told John at the beginning of this match that it would be successful, he wouldn’t have believed it. Now, though, with the score 80-10 in their favor, he had hope. His teammates were working together much more effectively than they had been even in training this year, and Harry was completely focused, circling above them, using the strategy that was best when competing with Sherlock Holmes’s sharp eyes—watching his every move, and duplicating it. John grinned up at the two of them languidly swirling through the air and watching the pitch before swinging his club to deflect a Bludger that was headed straight for Mary.
“Sherlock, Sarah’s here.”
John stared. “Because
“Well, I love you, Sherlock. I like to show it.”
from chapter one.
"I didn't dream that up."
"It's alright. You should probably take me to see Madam Pomfrey, however."
John, amused, was about to kiss him again when he heard an almost indistinguishable shout from below.
Mycroft’s eyebrow-raise conveyed no real surprise. “Do you?”
John was glad he hadn't taken a bite, otherwise he might have asphyxiated right there, and Sherlock wouldn't have even deemed the case a "one."
Delia sat up as straight as her spine would allow and cleared her throat as though about to deliver a very important and awe-inspiring speech. John was under the impression it was something she’d gotten into the habit of doing with years of practice. “Well,” she gushed, “we’ve just received word that upon my completion of education at Beauxbatons Academy, I’m to be offered the position of Junior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic himself. Apparently the current Junior Undersecretary is being promoted, and I shall take his job when he moves on to be Senior Undersecretary.”
"Jesus, not even gonna
Even as Sherlock dressed, John sighed in contentment. He was unsure how someone putting
to make it sound platonic, for christssake."
Sherlock nodded and headed to the table in the corner, next to the window. Soon, John joined him, two cones in hand.
Sherlock knew he should be less juvenile. He knew it was more complicated than dismissing John's feelings about his father, who had always been a decent man outside of his unyielding attitude toward traditionally intolerant values. But Sherlock couldn't move past it. At times, it had felt like a personal attack, like John's father had always known he was gay, and was doing everything he could to make sure his son wasn't being "corrupted." There had been times he could laugh about it--like the time when John's father had called him in the middle of a blowjob, or when John had cheekily teased him under the table at Christmas dinner. But for the most part, he resented the man, and he felt childish, but he resented John for letting him get away with the things he said, even if he had avoided him as much as possible for a solid decade.
“Now, whatever task Sherlock gets, that’ll be yours too. I know I’m your Head of House, but honestly, I don’t know what to do with you. You never get into trouble. So I’ll have mercy on you and give you some company.”
Sherlock nodded, standing. He was dressed in what John could only assume was his typical Muggle-friendly attire, a dark suit which fit him a little too well, perfectly tailored to hug the sharp lines of his shoulders, not to mention the curve of his behind. John would have felt underdressed in his typical jeans and jumper if he didn’t know that Sherlock’s father was dressed similarly. He snorted. Of course Sherlock dressed this way outside of school—he was much too posh for his own good.
There were three in front of him now, the girl at the front having turned her giant bat into an extremely grumpy cat with wings it didn't seem to be able to control.
That smug eyebrow just wouldn't go down. "What do you think?"
“What are you talking about? Foul! That was foul!” Sebastian Wilkes yelled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Moriarty?”
John’s mind became an adrenalized buzzing of spectacularly stupid ideas, all of them bouncing off of each other and making him want nothing more than to curl up into a ball on the floor and sort them out before he could pay any more attention to the standoff before him, one he’d been unceremoniously and unwittingly dragged into on the day Mike Stamford had taken him to Bart’s with the intention of introducing him to a potential flatmate.
"Sherlock," John uttered in disbelief.
Sherlock couldn’t help it this time. He laughed. “Alright. Let’s go, then.”
“I’m going to come back to find my bedroom gutted and burned out,” he grumbled to Sarah when he joined her on the street.
They had yet to return to that particular hiding spot.
Mike shook his head. "Hasn't been in for ages. I thought maybe he had one added on to your flat," he laughed.
Sherlock kissed him. "I am now."
The cushions shifted just slightly as he sat, carefully placing himself as far away from John as possible.
Sherlock bit his lip and stared at the floor for a long time before looking up at John through his lashes. "Would you ever kiss me again?"
John turned to him. “Really?”
Oh. That wouldn’t be too hard. John had made many coagulation potions during his time as an army medic. He guessed that there would probably be better supplies at hand at the school than there was in an active war zone.
The entire space looked so grand and intimidating, even more so than the occasional student that would send a hard glare his way.
“I-I didn’t mean to-mean to ruin your fun sir.”
“John Watson, he/they,” John shook xer hand and smiled politely at xer “Sherlock and Mycroft? As in?”.
“Hmm?”.
John moved his hand under Sherlock’s shirt and up towards his nipples. Sherlock wanted to tell him to stop, but the fear of disappointing John suddenly overwhelmed him. His eyes prickled with what he knew were tears that he tried to will away, as picture after picture of his parents screaming at him and his brother flooded through him.
He never asked for any of the things back, nor did he ever say no to the requests. The consequences were too unbearable.
“Oh, no worries! This is Sherlock and his older brother Mycroft,” she motioned towards the two people still arguing “And this is my girlfriend Sally Donovan.”
Sherlock was sat on the soft couch as the words left John’s mouth.
“Perfect, Sherlock and I both have that class! Perhaps we could come get you at the front gate?” Molly offered.
Around him were buildings made of stone and a single greenhouse bursting at the seams with green. The middle of the rectangular shape the buildings formed around him was decorated with a fountain, depicting 8 swans spouting water from their beaks as students sat on the edge of it reading, laughing, and doing their homework.
Sally was the one who had been walking besides Molly. The two looked quite different. Sally was sporting a head of beautifully styled dark brown, almost black, curls, and her skin was like warm honey.
Sherlock’s eyes prickled with tears again as he slowly shook his head.
“I’m sorry?” John questioned.
“Attention please,” came a loud voice from the front of the class and John looked to see the person he was now certain was Professor Magnussen, writing on the board “As I’m sure you’re all aware, we have a new student with us today. Introduce yourself please.”
This is slightly shorter than chapter one, but I hope you like it :D
Once class was dismissed students began bustling out of the room. John decided to stay behind for a bit. When Molly had left the room, Sherlock cleared his throat, garnering John’s attention.
“That’s not what people usually say,” Sherlock remarked with a smirk.
Once Hooper noticed them, she waved them over with a huge grin on her face.
“You have a military background, obvious from your stance and haircut, and were recently invalided home. You keep glancing around yourself, not uncommon for former military, but you glance more commonly towards the sky, and when you do, your left-hand clenches. Many bird shifters often feel a need to shift when they see a large open sky, and your status as a shifter would explain why someone of your background and social standing would be on the academy premises. There are less than 200 shifters in the English military, and 2 of them have been invalided home the past 2 years, one a raven, the other a crow. Thus, the question presents itself, which are you?” Sherlock rambled.
“Yes, wonderful, can we please get going now Molly?” the man said without taking John’s hand.
Dr. Holmes came to stand next to Headmistress Hudson’s desk. “We need to know if your shifted form has been known to change at any point in time, or if there is any other possibly relevant medical info we may be missing,” Dr. Holmes stated.
A pen was borrowed and never given back, a book taken without asking for permission, cat sitting dumped on him, a complaint about Sherlock here and being used as a verbal punching bag there. He did it all for them, and he clung desperately to the praises they sprinkled on him from time to time.
He heard the whispers in the corners of the rooms. The quiet complaints that he so desperately tried to rid from the minds of others.
Upon entering the classroom, John was awed. Sure, his normal public school had a potions lab as well, but nowhere near this grand.
“Thank you, Headmistress,” John replied before turning around and leaving.
He knew who this woman was as soon as he heard her name. Mona Holmes, he had read many of her research papers as a med student. She was well known within the circle of magical healing. Even outside of the medical circles, she and her family were a household name. Everyone knew who the Holmes family were.
“How many times do I have to tell you to stop interfering in my life?! I had the situations perfectly under control!”.
In that moment, John was struck by two things. The first being how relaxed Sherlock seemed around him, like the thought that John might hurt him hadn’t even crossed his mind; naïve. The second being how wrong this whole thing felt.
John smiled at her and shook his head. “I’m happy to be here.”
He kept walking, having to stop for a break twice on his journey across the large campus. When he finally reached the office building, his eyes stung with embarrassment, and he nearly collapsed when he noticed the three steps up to the entrance.
John was a very good boy.
“All right, we need to remember that this potion needs to be stirred counterclockwise,” Molly said.
The forest around the school campus was thick and covered in shadow. As John flew above the trees, he was followed by a magnificent black lion, with a thick shiny mane. Sherlock.
John let out a sigh of relief, and noticed said elevator slightly further down the hallway they were in. Molly dragged Holmes towards the elevator as John followed behind them.
“Oh! Right! You probably don’t remember me. I’m Molly Hooper, my pronouns are she/her,” she said “I shadowed one of the necromancers on your team last year. I was only around for about 2 months though.”
“Good morning Holmes,” John said and extended their hand to the man.
“Hello Mx. Watson, I’m Professor Magnussen, my pronouns are whatever you’d like. For today’s class we will be studying healing potions, more specifically, the potion meant speed up coagulation, that we discussed last week.”
When he told his therapist, she was far from thrilled at the news.
“Oh, so that’s it,” John said, letting Sherlock know, he noticed “Trying to make Greg jealous by showing him what he can’t have? Showing him that you’re mine and no matter what he does, I’m the only one that gets to bury himself in that tight heat of yours?”.
Their group of 3 was the second to last to present their work. Professor Magnussen came over with a small vial of blood and tipped a small amount of the potion into it. After a few minutes, the blood began to coagulate.
“He held out his hand for you, and you just walked past him,” John continued with a smirk on his face. It was clear to see he enjoyed a good scolding session.
They had shoulder-length mousey-brown hair, pale skin that was littered with freckles and were wearing a plaid dress that stopped slightly above their knees.
...Right?
John allowed themself to look at the grounds properly. The office building was located slightly away from the area used for classes and wasn’t visible from the entrance.
“What does?” John asked as he moved to see what Sherlock had found, and the smell of a decomposing body hit him before he saw the face. The very human face.
“Hello, I’m Mycroft Holmes, he/him,” he squeezed his nose between his pinky and thumb “I apologize for the yelling.”
“Don’t what sweetie? Don’t wanna talk about it?”.
The person laughed slightly as they helped him up the final step. “Not at all, some people just need a little extra help sometimes. Some people with math, you with the steps right now. My name is Mona Holmes, and I use she/her pronouns, it’s a pleasure to meet you…?”.
(See the end of the chapter for
John smirked at him. “Then what pet?”.
So far, the scolding didn’t do much for him, but Sherlock couldn’t help the internal smirk from thinking about the pay off there would be.
“Do you remember your safeword Sherlock?” John asked after Sherlock failed to answer his first question.
“That’s, that’s incredible!” John exclaimed.
“I should be starting with Professor Magnussen’s potions class at 10:00”.
“Why can’t you just do it? Honestly, it’s not like you have anything better to do, and I can’t afford to hire someone.”
“I’m John Watson, my pronouns are He/They, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Hello Caroline,” Molly waved at them and turned to John as they got off the elevator “They’re in my Necromancy class.”
“Right!” Molly exclaimed and drug Sally with her into the office building before turning around “I’ll see you Wednesday.”
He was exhausted, and even if he was on the brink of breaking he would do anything for a fix, anything to hear those words of praise, to be told he was good.
He hated it…
“Are you okay Sherlock?”.
“Oh,” John murmured to themselves. If the building had been used for herbology spells, that would explain the oddly manmade feel to some of the plants around it.
“It is rather odd that so many of the plants are man-made. It isn’t uncommon for the earth to retain certain amounts of magic, but if it’s still this strong the last herbology head to use the cottage must not have had ingredient quality as a high priority,” Sherlock mused as he touched a patch of moss.
“Yes, yes, building 4 is used for potions John and Mr. Magnussen’s class is taught in room 205,” Molly told him as the 3 of them made their way towards one of the smaller buildings on the academy grounds.
“Maybe you were trying to make me jealous by showing that lovely rear off to someone else?” John continued.
For some reason, the praise always came with a bitter after taste. The initial sweetness would fade, and he would remember how he had wanted to keep that book, about how that pen had been his favourite, he would remember that he had planned to spend that weekend on relaxing after a tiring week. His throat would tighten and his brain would be overloaded with regret.
He wanted to be useful, so he did as asked of him, no matter what he thought of the tasks. John Hamish Watson, always eager to please. The soldier, always willing to obey commands.
“Oh, that’s wonderful! Do you know which time your first class will be?” Molly inquired.
She had asked him where his hard line was, something he absolutely would not do if someone asked him to. A feeling told him that the fact his first thought was “nothing”, was a bad sign.
“Watson? Ah! You are our new student yes? Captain Watson?”.
“Call me Sherlock. You keep calling me Holmes, I prefer Sherlock, Holmes makes me feel like you’re comparing me to my brother.”
“Introduce yourself dumbass” Sally told Sherlock, and lightly slapped the back of his head.
“No, my dear younger brother is not a seer. I’m afraid I was the one gifted with such,” Mycroft explained “On that note, it’s a pleasure to welcome you to White mountain academy captain Watson. I hope Sherlock won’t bring you too much trouble as you conduct your studies here.”
Red and white roses decorating every corner of the hall, tables covered with elegant lace cloths, countless sets of delicious pastries and flutes filled with fine wine, a dance floor packed with people who looked like they were having the time of their lives.
He was about to go back to their tent to enjoy some warmth for a few minutes and see what his boyfriend was up to, when something suddenly caught his attention, chaining him to the ground like a spell.
It's mostly little things like this that made you change your mind about domesticity, to the point of making you secretly love it. Just being close to John in any circumstance is extremely fulfilling and he makes you feel infinitely loved; with his stolen kisses, with his hands stroking your hair, with the special smiles only you get to see, and with the words he whispers against your cheek when he holds you in his arms, or into your mouth when he makes love to you.
That was the most beautiful thing someone had ever said about him.
Not only do you want to spend the rest of your life with him, but you want to make it official. You want to stand in front of friends and family as you put a ring on his finger, look into his bright sapphire-blue eyes and declare the depth of your love and devotion to him; you want to taste the word "husband" on his skin and in his mouth, you want the entire world to know you belong to someone who knows and understands you better than anyone else.
"You ok?" John asked with a smile, putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
and be completely clueless about the Solar System?".
An amused smile curves his thin lips as he lifts his brows and takes your hand in his. "Mmm, and tearing my jumper apart"
"Come on. You can't stay here all night, lurking in the dark. It's a bit creepy."
And it was driving Sherlock insane.
"His wife thinks the money comes from his part-time job as a waiter. She still doesn't know he lost it"
Because this wasn't like one of those afternoons at Baker Street before John's wedding, the two of them practicing the steps to the waltz Sherlock himself composed, behind closed curtains.
It happens one cold Saturday night.
It was probably one of the most amazing things he'd ever seen.
That was something they did more often now. Touching. Giving physical demonstrations of affection without a particular reason or under no particular circumstance.
The dark sky began to be filled with bright, dancing lights that painted the air with vibrant shades of emerald and violet, taking the shape of celestial curtains fluttering in the wind.
But their eyes said what their mouths couldn't:
"Alright?" John asked, his voice barely more than a whisper.
He had dealt with revolting wounds in Afghanistan, had witnessed the mutilation of arms and legs and hands, had watched the sand turn red; yet those scars burning on Sherlock's pale, once-perfect skin horrified him more than anything he'd ever seen.
It consumes every cell of your body and it's scary sometimes, but it makes you feel whole and you wouldn't trade it for the world, in spite of what you always made yourself believe about sentiment.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and glanced at the book beside John. "You were reading the Iliad?"
They stared at each other for a few more seconds, until Sherlock, still not completely certain he wasn't dreaming, hesitantly took John's hand, a shiver running down his spine as soon as their fingers touched.
"Can we just... not talk for a couple of minutes? Please."
"People might talk," he said instead.
"Sherlock" he says, his voice shaky. "Are you saying you want to...?".
John took a deep breath and cleared his throat, realising he'd been silent for at least five minutes. "Do they still hurt?" he asked, not even trying to sound like nothing more than a concerned doctor.
"I suppose I don't dislike it," he said, trying not to give his tone any particular inflexion.
John smiled fondly, for some reason not at all surprised by that confession. "I can see why." Then he added, jokingly: "Achilles can be a bit of an arrogant sod, though."
"Of course I'm okay"
He realizes you're staring and he smiles tenderly, leaning against the counter. "You okay?".
They stood next to each other in silence for what felt like hours, bathing in those hypnotic waves of light, and John felt incredibly small in front of the limitless power of nature.
Their greedy mouths almost never parted, seeking each other's comforting warmth, their heavy breaths mingling; they were clinging to each other as though their lives depended on it, fingers sinking into hot, flushed skin and finding their way into sweaty hair.
"A bit.”
Sherlock came out of their tent and walked next to John, and the slightly annoyed expression on his face disappeared as soon as he looked up to the colourful sky.
"), he didn't expect himself to ask that question, but Sherlock didn't look taken aback.
But, oh, you know he's so much more than that. You've gotten to see so many different sides and shades of him.
"Nothing. Watching the movie" you lie, keeping your eyes fixed on the screen.
John's lips curved in a lopsided and amused smile. "You know, someone once told me you love dancing," he said teasingly, keeping his eyes on the dance floor.
The guests and the newlyweds were all gathered around them, clapping and cheering, some even whistling loudly in approval.
"Shh, slow down," he whispered gently against Sherlock's warm cheek, his eyes closed. "Slow down. That's it.”
John felt a wave of roiling, liquid heat in his stomach and his groin began to tense, but he didn't want it to be over yet; he needed to make it last, to feel every quiver of Sherlock's beating heart (real, strong, alive) deep down in his bones, to savour every moment before getting completely lost in blinding pleasure.
You've dealt with the most dangerous serial killers and criminal masterminds, worked on cases that kept you awake for days, but he's still the most fascinating, frustrating and beautifully complex puzzle that ever crossed your path, one you'll probably never be able to solve. But that doesn't put you off in the slightest, no. You'd never want it to lose its magic, its mystery. You love the puzzle of him just the way it is.
A new song started playing, the rhythm much slower and the melody sweeter, and all the couples (because that kind of song was clearly meant for a romantic slow dance) began to gently sway.
He briefly distinguished Molly and Lestrade's amused voices:
John regretted nothing, of course.
You find the courage to look at him through your eyelashes and you feel your stomach flip when you see the sudden realization in his eyes.
He presses a kiss on your knuckles and plays with your fingers before going back to watching men shooting at each other and unlikely car chases.
You nod, smiling back. "Better than okay".
There was no chance he would be able to keep talking now anyway.
That's when it hits you.
Sherlock seemed so excited about his new case that John hadn't really had the heart to spoil his fun, so now there he was, in the middle of nowhere, standing out in the cold next to a small campfire and making sure that the murderer was nowhere to be seen, while Sherlock sat in their tent and thought of what to do next.
In the end you decided to set the problem aside until today and you fell asleep, holding John a little tighter.
He rolled his eyes, but was secretly amused.
But then they got back to Baker Street.  Mrs Hudson barely managed not to faint at the sight of Sherlock and hugged him as tightly as she could once she collected herself; John noted with concern that Sherlock failed to hide a slight wince when she made contact with him, and as soon as they went upstairs he asked the detective to remove his shirt. Even though Sherlock looked worried and more than a little reluctant, he eventually complied, undressing slowly and with shaky hands.
"Look at them, stealing the limelight at our wedding!"
Of course, you'll have to buy actual rings, but for now this is more than enough.
You kiss him back, brushing your fingertips along the line of his jaw and tightening your hold around his shoulders, and when he pulls back you're almost overwhelmed by what you see in his eyes.
You've been living together for almost three years, but he still never fails to surprise you, to amaze you, to leave you completely speechless with little to no effort.
He takes you by surprise when he lifts his head just enough to look at you and caresses your stomach for a few seconds. You immediately start to melt under his delicate touch, and he leans closer to press a tender, chaste kiss on your lips.
How delightful.
And to you he's the definition of beauty.
He remembered staring at Sherlock's chair for hours and hours, hoping to see his friend materialise before him and return his gaze; and he remembered refusing to eat for almost two days, maybe as a sort of self-inflicted punishment, because he thought it was his fault.
John just needed to touch Sherlock, hoping it would be comforting for both of them, and Sherlock’s need was just as strong, judging by the way he leant into John’s touch.
John shifted his gaze to him and stared for a few seconds, then he inhaled deeply and nodded as though he'd just made an important decision to himself.
When had Janine found the time to talk to John alone after that day at Baker Street?
The woman they knew as Mary Morstan was out of their lives permanently, thousands of miles away from London (though still under close surveillance), and the stillborn child a painful but distant memory.
John could have explored Sherlock's body with his fingertips for hours, just to make him feel safe and to remind him of the feeling of a kind, loving touch, but the need to find each other again was too strong, the wanting they had always tried to suppress was consuming them from the inside, and half an hour later they were both naked and sweaty and pressed against each other, caught in a vortex of feverish passion.
Neither of you moves nor breathes for what feels like a lifetime, your eyes fixed on each other, the film and the rest of the world completely forgotten.
the most famous epic poem ever written after all), but he'd never actually read the dialogues and the monologues.
You're both lying in bed with a table lamp lighting the room, your legs and hands intertwined, his head on your chest; neither of you is asleep yet, you're just enjoying each other's body warmth and the sound of your breaths in the silence of the flat.
amount of heartbreak.
He couldn't bring himself to ask about Serbia or Romania or wherever the hell Sherlock had been, but God, he wanted to know. He couldn't stand being kept in the dark any longer, no matter how painful hearing about what Sherlock had suffered through would be.
And now the words he'd just read would be stuck in his head for weeks.
Sherlock's lips curved in a small lopsided smile as he approached his own chair.
What you said is true, but it doesn't even come close to what you really feel, what he deserves to hear, what you would have actually wanted to say. You mentally roll your eyes at yourself, even though you know there's no point in worrying about that now.
You just have to decide what to do about this new, unexpected need.
Oh, god.
"Yes, we'll catch your bloody killer, you've got all the clues you need! Now come here and look".
Sherlock's thighs started to quiver as John reached between their bodies to touch him, and then he was throwing his head back and spasming violently, his mouth open in a silent scream.
This is not how you've imagined it happening, but for some reason it feels like the right thing to do.
"Hm? Oh, yeah, I... found it on your bookshelf. Hope you don't mind."
The crowd went absolutely wild, but their voices sounded distant and muffled to Sherlock, who felt as though he was enclosed in a bubble, floating in a dimension where the only thing he could feel was the heat and softness of John's lips.
John was energically thrusting into Sherlock and devouring his mouth, determined to give him the most exquisite pleasure after all the pain he had borne. It felt like a miracle to see how sensitive and responsive Sherlock was and how beautiful he looked when he allowed himself to lose control, to wholly surrender his trust to someone else.
"I am sure, John. I'm not trying to make our relationship stronger, because I know it couldn't possibly get any better than this. You already give me everything I need and I'm happy with what we have. But I thought maybe this was something we could...do. Exchange vows, look at pictures of that particular day when we're older, celebrate anniversaries. I thought you might like it".
He heard his partner sigh. "Not now, John! I'm trying to-"
You took him out for dinner last evening, with candles and red wine, but words didn't seem to want to come out of your mouth. You listened to him talk about his patients and his sister instead, and as soon as you got home you ended up having mind-blowing sex on the kitchen table - the bed was too distant and having his hands and mouth all over your body was driving you crazy; you needed him to be inside you immediately.
Cigarette burns on his shoulders, long and deep cuts on his arms, lacerated flesh on his back. John's head started spinning and a wave of nausea hit his stomach, but somehow he couldn't tear his gaze away from that grisly abstract painting splashed across the canvas of Sherlock’s skin.
They stopped for a few seconds and John took some deep breaths, pulling back just enough to look at Sherlock’s face, flushed and achingly beautiful.
He hesitated.
John followed a few thrusts later and suddenly all the grief, the bitterness, the emptiness were just distant memories, and he felt as though he were coming home again.
John turns his face to look at you, brows furrowed. "What are you doing?"
Then he throws his arms around your shoulders and laughs happily, hiding his face in the crook of your neck, which he then proceeds to kiss a dozen times. A low chuckle vibrates in your throat and you close your eyes, savouring this moment and wanting it to leave its permanent mark on every wall of your Mind Palace.
Perhaps the alcohol, though he'd only drank a couple of glasses during the banquet, or maybe the stereotypically romantic atmosphere.
"John?"
He couldn't bear to look at John's face or into his deep blue eyes for longer than five seconds, so he focused on the couples around them instead, observing and deducing so he could find a reason to break the overwhelming silence between them.
John Watson might seem quite ordinary on the outside, and maybe not the cleverest of people: he's a kind and polite man who wears frankly outrageous jumpers, flirts (well, used to flirt) with boring women, cares for social conventions and watches crap telly with the landlady, and most of the time he needs to be told things twice before he can come to an at least partially correct conclusion.
He knew exactly how to hold a slow dance partner, yet his body was being completely uncooperative, thrilled by the thought of being allowed to touch his friend so intimately and at the same time paralyzed by the fear that John might suddenly come to his senses and flinch away in disgust.
"Thinking of home."
Certainly John wasn't asking... wasn't inviting him...
You nod slowly, your heart beating so fast you're sure he can hear the sound of it against your rib cage.
This wasn't exactly what he had in mind when Sherlock had announced they would go camping in the Norwegian countryside, but of course he should have known his mad flatmate was planning to go after a serial killer who hid in the woods at night with his trusty chainsaw.
John finally took a step back and allowed Sherlock to turn around, feeling his chest ache when he met sad, pleading, bloodshot eyes.
Sherlock was breathing heavily and his head was spinning. "We didn't practice this, did we?" he said, trying to make it sound like a joke, but his voice was trembling.
"Sherlock?"
John looked at him in shock, his open mouth probably making him look like an idiot; he closed it when he felt the cold hit his teeth and then he gulped, his heart beating out of his chest.
He looked up and met those kind, expressive blue eyes that were both an anchor and a terrifying ocean.
If someone had told you years ago that something this good would happen to you, you would've laughed in their face.
When you part you look at him with utter adoration and he keeps smiling radiantly, happiness written all over his face in the form of small wrinkles around his watery eyes and dimples on his rosy cheeks.
The words left his mouth unbidden. Of all the things he could have said, that he wanted to say (
"You're such a romantic, Sherlock Holmes" he said softly, a fond smile spreading on his lips.
Christ, he'd spent so many nights lying awake in bed, too afraid of what he could have seen if he'd closed his eyes and wondering what he'd done wrong, and Sherlock had been playing hide and seek all along.
Now you're curled up against him on the couch, holding on to his ugly but fluffy red jumper and trying to focus on the movie you're watching rather than his inebriating scent; however, your attention begins to falter after a few minutes and you start playing with a red thread on his sleeve until it breaks off.
He'd never experienced such a gut-wrenching pain in his entire life, not even when he saw one of his closest friends lying motionless on the sand in Afghanistan.
John closed the book with a shaky sigh and put it on the tea table next to his chair, blinking a couple of times to hold back the tears pricking dangerously at the corners of his eyes.
"The lights are caused by the interaction between charged electrons from the sun and the Earth's magnetic field", Sherlock murmured absently.
But he wouldn't admit that out loud. He had an international reputation to uphold.
Oh. He was just surprised, then. Not disgusted.
Even now, as he puts on the kettle and the kitchen light makes his hair shine with golden sparkles, you can hardly believe that he's real and
He blinked and blinked and opened his mouth to formulate a reply, but since his left frontal lobe was apparently failing to respond to any kind of electrical impulse, no sound came out of it.
He didn't know what suddenly made him decide to
Chemistry equipment took up the whole surface of the kitchen table. The black leather chair near the fireplace was no longer covered in dust. The sweet notes of a violin filled the flat in the middle of the night. The television got occasionally shouted at.
He gradually slowed the pace of his thrusts and Sherlock moaned in protest, trying to restore the rhythm that had made them both cry out with ecstasy, but John gripped his hips to still him.
"B-but...are you sure? You know we don't have to. We can live like this, just as we always have. It's enough for me"
He thought that was exactly what was happening when, as the song approached its final notes, he felt himself slowly bending backwards.
John actually asked him to dance with him in front of everyone.
wedding in particular.
"Yeah, of course."
Sherlock could only swallow and nod, praying that his heartbeat couldn't be felt through his chest, which was almost pressed against John's.
But turning into a human popsicle was the last thing he needed right now, thank you very much.
Sherlock looked at him with a vulnerable, almost scary openness he had never shown before, his bright eyes impossibly soft, and John felt his throat tighten.
"Sherlock."
Sherlock smiled back, and the aurora was temporarily forgotten.
"Joining me?"
"What gave you the strength to keep fighting?"
Or maybe he could, but he was too scared to let himself believe he was not misinterpreting or even imagining the flame burning in those eyes.
Ella wanted to blame his parents. His mother and father for being emotionally violent towards him, his father for being neglectful as well. She said he had been trained to desperately cling to any traces of love or approval, because of how few and far between they had been during his childhood.
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4rAFneLXbPRVlg7tRX7zzz?si=2372cab1baad4c57
“Of course,” John said “My form has changed once since I was first found to be a shifter fifteen years ago. It changed from a mouse to a raven and has stayed as a raven for the past twelve years.”
“No, because I intervened before you were!” Mycroft snapped.
“I’m glad to hear,” Headmistress Hudson said “Now, you’re registered as a shifter in our files, and it states that your animal form is a black raven. Is that correct?”
“John is fine Hooper,” John said hoping she wouldn’t bring it up again.
Sally nodded. “Yup, they’re the Holmes boys. Annoying bastards.”
“Very well. Please try not to drop anything this time.”
“Well,” Sherlock mused “That explains the smell.”
“You’re going to be studying here?” Molly beamed and pulled Sally’s hand up to her face with her own.
“Excuse me?” the man said with a slightly annoyed lilt to his modulated voice.
“Remind me why I’m friends with you again?” Sherlock said, rubbing the back of their head, and Sally chuckled “Sherlock Holmes, he/him.”
“Not a seer,” Sherlock stated, and looked at his older brother “Thank the gods no.”
“Yes please, all of the herbal ingredients are kept over there,” Molly said, pointing to a row of cupboards.
Dr. Holmes nodded her head, and John took a deep breath before continuing.
The two boys were still yelling at each other, and the younger Holmes boy, Sherlock, John remembered his name to be thanks to the papers, was red faced and baring teeth.
After getting what he needed he looked back at the lab table where Holmes and Molly were working on the set up.
“What do they usually say?” John asked.
“Wow, I thought we were friends.”
“Oh, so getting shot was part of the plan was it?” Mycroft asked, and John took in a sharp breath.
The two people arguing looked to be of vastly different ages. The younger looking one sporting a mop of black curls as well as a tightly fitting purple dress-shirt. The older looking of the two had thinning hair and was clad in a three-piece suit.
“Wait! Not yet!” John exclaimed and Holmes’s hand froze.
Seers tended to be rather… aloof though. They often spoke without thinking and tended to rub people the wrong way. John had learnt to live with the odd rude comment here and there.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft chided.
“Raven or crow?” Sherlock asked.
They stayed like that for a bit longer before going to bed and getting some well deserved sleep.
It set John on edge as Sherlock moved towards a wall with a particularly heavy patch of man-made moss.
“The forest around the school is protected area, and shifters are allowed to train their forms in there.”
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4rAFneLXbPRVlg7tRX7zzz?si=0e83bc9ebab247ba
John wanted like he had never wanted anything else in his life, so when the man asked him to share a flat with him, he couldn’t refuse. Oh, but if he simply said yes, how mundane would he be? No longer of interest. No longer a toy that was fun to play with.
Hey, I'm sorry this chapter took so long, it was giving me a ton of problems, but I finally managed something I was satisfied with.
The urge to just leave and never look back was strong. Something about the wide-open space made John’s leg ache and his breaths come shorter and shorter.
One of the people behind them glanced at him and lit up. They ran past the two people arguing and stood in front of him.
Holmes had been completely quiet the entire time, and quickly made his way down the hall. Molly shook her head at the man.
“Oh dear,” they exclaimed in a high-pitched voice before their gaze fell down the stairs to John.
“You have nothing to apologize for Sherlock. I’m so happy that you told me you weren’t comfortable angle.”
A grin split across the mans face. Next to them Molly chuckled.
He could hear Sally and Mycroft groaning, and a chuckle erupted from Molly.
John stopped dead in his tracks, as he looked this person up and down. He could not remember ever having met them before.
Sherlock had sat on the sofa when he had made the request for John to kiss him. He had made it very clear that John did not have to, if he didn’t want to. John decided to kiss him. It felt wrong, to kiss Sherlock just because he asked John to. John could say no more, say that he wanted a little more time to think things through. He decided to keep kissing Sherlock.
“You will be working in teams for today’s assignment. The ingredients list and recipe can be retrieved from my desk,” Professor Magnussen said and pointed at a stack of papers on their desk.
“John Watson!” they exclaimed and held out their hand “It’s a pleasure!”.
Oio yp xogd sc fobi zydoxd
They stepped back slightly as they roved their eyes over him. When their eyes landed on his cane, John was prepared for a pitying gaze to be sent his way, but instead they smiled at him.
“We’ll just have to fix that, won’t we?” John whispered in his ear before running his tongue along Sherlocks ear.
“Were you trying to make Greg jealous?” John suggested and Sherlock shifted in his seat. He hoped John didn’t notice.
“Oh perfect! Sherlock, can you go get the tools for the setup while John and I get the ingredients?” Molly asked Holmes, who was still scribbling in his notebook as he let out a heavy sigh.
“Come on, we need to finish this before the end of class,” Molly chided.
After a while of John sitting with his arms around Sherlock and rocking him back and forth, along with heaps of forehead and scalp kisses Sherlock stopped crying.
Mycroft sighed heavily into his hands and mumbled something under his breath that John didn’t quite hear, but Sherlock must have, because he flipped his brother off.
“I’ll see you then” John mumbled.
John pulled away from him when he noticed that something was off with Sherlock, quickly standing back to look at his face.
Oh, that would explain it. Thalia had always been accepting people to shadow them as they worked, John could never really keep track.
Once they were all sat at the table, Holmes had gotten a small notebook out of his bag. The notebook was A5 sized and bound in worn, gingerbread coloured leather. As Holmes began writing on the aged paper John noticed the odd script.
Just as John finished their explanation, the colour of the potion changed, and Holmes shrugged before chucking it in.
A simple command rung in his head, and he leapt to follow it. No matter how strained his eyes were, no matter how unreal his life felt, no matter what else happened. This would make him full, help him feel right.
“The classroom is just down the hall. Professor Magnussen is most likely already there.”
“Thank you, captain. That was all,” Dr. Holmes stated, “Do you need any help getting out of here?”.
“What’s wrong with Mycroft? Why’s he looking at your uncle like that?”
“I’ll manage him.” John smiled.
"Him? Of course." It was the man he had run into. "How did he do it? Poison?"
“Hmm. No.”
“I get bored quite easily, John.”
“Oh. Right. Um…John.” Sherlock turned to him and cleared his throat. “Would you, um…I was wondering if you might like to spend the holidays with me.” He glanced almost imperceptibly at Harry, as though looking for approval.
"It's fine. Will Jeremy be visiting our room often?"
!" the class repeated.
John stopped and turned back slowly. “Excuse me?”
“Well, that’s just it, isn’t it?”
"Shut up," John said fondly but sternly, pressing his lips gently to Sherlock's.
Immediately, Sherlock drew his tongue up the side of his ice cream cone obscenely, catching a drip of vanilla ice cream.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Could we change the subject?"
John answered, startled, "I'm going to a friend's Halloween party."
“What’s it like knowing you can’t win a fair game?”
Okay, so that's a little more than I'm used to writing. I can fluff things up or tear things down with angst, but I'm just so sheltered and never know which words to use for smut without making it sound totally cliche. Hope it wasn't too...I don't know. Still self-conscious about it.
Before he had a chance to begin, however, Wendy spoke again. “Oh, how lovely. Delia’s not spoken with him yet, but—oh,
“Listen, Sherlock, I’ve got something to tell you. I know who started that rumour. The one about you and the—you know.”
“For experiments,” John clarified.
John was a bit startled when Sherlock and Mycroft sat on the floor next to the tree and crossed their legs in front of them like children. Mycroft simply looked uncomfortable and unnatural in the position, his gangly limbs in front of him casually. Sherlock didn’t look out of place at all, which was possibly even more surprising than his willingness to follow what was obviously a tradition that he’d held from childhood.
“Shepherd's pie,” Sherlock said confidently.
They both froze, giant grins cracking their solemn features. “You were flirting?” his mother said, glowing with pride.
"Mike. Mike Stamford." The man held out a hand.
“Thank you,” Mrs. Holmes said, and began the strange walk to the edge of the playground. John tried his best to keep up, and was grateful when they were finally in the backseat of the Holmes’s car. He wasn’t sure how Sherlock’s mother had managed to place him in his car seat without removing his hand from John’s, but before he knew it they were rolling along Caledonian Road, Sherlock’s breaths still coming in short hiccups.
John was taken aback, partly because of Sherlock’s compliance and partly by his self-invitation. “Well, I don’t—I don’t know, I—”
John sighed. "How about this: if you don't have another friend by then, I'll go with you. Who knows, I might go anyway. But you have to work at making friends, Sherlock."
“And that’s without a partner. I’m curious about how different it would actually be with someone else, but I’m sure you’d rather not take the chance, what with—”
"At least you learned young. I didn't get that lesson until about two months ago."
"I am a
John: 19
“Yes?” John squeaked through a mouthful of potatoes.
John said nothing, simply sipped his tea.
Sherlock may as well have stepped protectively in front of him as he blurted, “This is John. He’s—”
"Ah, but you're smiling. So being an idiot's got to count for something."
I know it's pretty much the 26th by now, but forgive me. I had a hard time tonight, and not even due to family or holiday issues. I'm not sure why. But I'm better now, and I'm posting two chapters right now, with Chapter 21 on its scheduled date of 27 December. Hope you've still got enough Christmas spirit in you to make it through the Holmes family's celebration!
Sherlock nodded. “But—”
John hummed thoughtfully, letting Sherlock's lips trail down his jaw. "I actually think this might be better."
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. There have been a few suspicious things recently that I just—”
"I dunno, I was thinking a nice chartreuse for the winter ball."
"I should
“Please, he’s been practicing that one all evening.”
His face set, John marched over. “What the fuck just happened?” he demanded, and Moran took a step back at the danger in his voice.
"It's snowing just as much in London."
“Goodnight, John.”
Sherlock let go with his left hand, reaching for the next bar. The tiny fingers of his right hand slipped almost immediately, and he landed on the mulch below with a small thump and a crunching sound.
“I won’t.”
“Don’t worry, Johnny-boy, Sherlock’ll be here to get you in a moment. He was the one who brought me here, you know. Called a little meeting.”
"Yeah?"
“Well, he’s been dead for nearly a century, so I don’t see how difficult that could be.”
“Yeah?” he replied sleepily.
“Oh, we’re not going to the Great Hall.”
John knew that look. "Oh.
John was taken aback by his tone. “Of course I do, you bloody idiot.”
"What, me carrying you round like a two-year-old? Get down, idiot," John said gently, a bit of laughter touching his tone.
“Come on, Sherlock, the match is tomorrow morning. Can’t I just sleep?”
"Two minutes."
John ran into Sherlock on his way to the third floor and greeted him with a cautious kiss. “Hello, love.”
"Mmm," Sherlock replied. "But could we actually get all our clothes off first next time?"
--but dismissed them, recognizing their triviality in this moment.
John pulled his coat from the hook and didn't say anything. His gloves were in the closet, but it hardly mattered. He wanted out of that flat.
"I'm glad you're wearing socks," John muttered.
“No it’s not. Moriarty is clever. What the hell is this supposed to be?”
"Do you think he knows?" Sherlock worried with the string on his trunks.
By the time the plane took off, John had caught himself about to mention his insane flatmate nearly ten times. Not talking about Sherlock was proving to be extremely difficult, something that frightened John as much as it irritated him. Sarah could obviously tell it was a problem, but she looked pleased that he was making such an effort. She said nothing.
John sat on the mattress, stretched his legs out before him, and patted the space next to him. Sherlock sat and immediately wrapped himself around John’s middle. He pressed his face into John’s side and mumbled, “I love you, John.”
“Thanks, Sherlock.”
“Right. Well, I’ve got a cab waiting. Lestrade said I should come wait here for you and we could go straight back to Scotland Yard. We’ve got a case on, a really brilliant one.” Sherlock’s eyes shined with excitement as he mentioned the case, and it was all John could do not to throw his arms around him in a fond embrace.
The castle was quiet, as it was nine o’clock on a Saturday morning. He’d expected to run into at least one person on his way to breakfast, but was starting to doubt it when all of a sudden an arm reached out from behind a tapestry and pulled him in.
Sherlock sighed. "I seem to recall telling you. I just wanted to know what it was like to kiss someone."
Victor, however, looked horrified. "I know I shouldn't be surprised at this point, but how did you get that at just a glance?"
"Good."
"Gentlemen, I’ve spoken to your Heads of House. They’ve offered a simple extension of your previous detention. Now, Mr. Holmes—you’ve got my undivided attention. Why is it that you were out of bed in the first place?"
Without another word, Sherlock took his hand. John looked up at him, amused and wondering how often Sherlock actually got out into the Muggle world.
“Well,” John began slowly, working out the best way to explain things, “how would you describe a date?”
“Well, what’s the opposite?” Sherlock pleaded.
"What is it?" John asked.
The grin returned.
“What happened to him?”
"It's fine."
Sherlock turned to face him and simply nestled against him, nuzzling his head into the space under his chin. When he spoke, his voice rumbled through John’s chest.
And there it is, beauty in its purest form.
Sherlock felt utterly ridiculous.
He wasn't prepared for
"Everything alright?"
God, he'd missed it so much.
"Yes, my grandmother was quite fond of Greek mythology. She gifted me her copy of the Iliad three months before her death." He sat down gracefully. "Achilles and Patroclus were her favourite heroes. And they became mine when she first read me about them. Don't tell anyone, though."
Then you lay awake in bed, listening to his delicate snores and wondering what you're so afraid of.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed.
As they slowly started to move, he saw Molly on the other side of the hall, grinning almost maniacally and giving him a thumbs up.
You know for sure you'll never get tired of this.
He did know what happened in the story, of course (it
Sherlock nodded. “Our date.” He dragged John to a wall of Chocolate Cauldrons. “Take your pick.”
Mycroft is doing well at Apparition.” She eyed the elder Holmes brother and smiled, sickly sweet. “Mycroft was always such a wonderful child. You’ve done well, Violet.”
John nodded. “Couldn’t have put it better myself.”
“John!” Sherlock shouted.
"But of course." Sherlock smiled at the girls, waved. Lucy giggled.
"Oh, hello, boys," she greeted them. "How was it?"
How did you know how I felt before
“You know what you said.”
Mummy and Daddy."
long. After all, we’ve been through a lot together, and it sure would be a shame to throw all that away. So think about forgiving me sooner rather than later, if you don’t mind.
When he went to the window, there was nothing there.
“John?” Sherlock said, his voice rumbling against John’s cheek.
"You came up with the game," John pointed out.
“I’d rather not talk about them right now, I’ll have to talk
“Magic works in strange ways.”
Greg, on the sidelines, was surprised Sherlock knew that song at all, let alone the majority of the moves from
"You look sad when he isn't looking at you. You like it when he pays attention to you."
He saw Lestrade’s eyebrows knit together as he stood, nodding. John led him from the common room, around the corner and into the little alcove where Sherlock was miraculously still perched on the windowsill.
. Nothing's going to happen."
John didn’t mention that that was something he was already well aware of.
weakness.”
John fit seamlessly into the ranks of the jousters. Sherlock had somehow acquired the proper armour, and as long as he stayed quiet, he was confident the others wouldn't be tipped off. He just hoped Sherlock would be finished looking over the place before he actually had to charge a horse at someone. He had bumped into one of the knights, but it was no issue: he'd patted John on the shoulder and gone on his way.
John set out for the neighbors' as soon as his parents had deemed enough of his dinner eaten.
"It appears so, yes."
“For god’s sakes, we’re leaving,” Sherlock said, abruptly standing and hauling his friends to their feet. The whole team stared at them as they left.
, nothing he wouldn’t do for Sherlock, who as far as he was concerned was even more perfect than his mouth.
“Then what is it?”
Once they had arrived in Hogsmeade the next day, Sherlock had insisted on going straight to the abandoned Shrieking Shack. A few other students stood near them, studying the dingy building from afar. Sherlock and John were by far the closest, a position which no one else seemed to have any desire to usurp.
“You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool, people might talk.” What had made him say that? As soon as the words had left his lips, a whole new type of shock struck John, shock at his own initiation of the speculations about his relationship with this strange man.
Sarah didn’t say anything else, and it took the rest of the ride to Heathrow for John to notice the way she held her jaw. “What’s wrong?”
“What do you intend to come of befriending my brother?”
Sherlock was obviously crashing, and John wasn't going to stop him from getting some sleep if it meant keeping him away from another dose of whatever he'd taken. Morphine, it looked like, and he knew it could have been worse, but he didn't want to take any chances.
“I just…wow.”
"Yeah, put up the hood!"
Sherlock blushed. “You must be a recluse.”
There was another note pinned to it, which Sherlock's mother read aloud as well. "'I was absolutely delighted to meet our Sherlock's good friend John at Christmas. I do hope I got his measurements right.'"
He led John over to the cauldron in the corner. A golden liquid leapt in graceful arcs from one side of the container to the other, never spilling.
Which was how, with a shout from Sherlock, he ended up with a knife in his thigh.
Sherlock paused. "I didn't."
John's gasps turned into groans; he went weaker and weaker in the knees until he was only still upright by the grace of Sherlock's fingertips, still gripping his hips and pressing them back against the wall. He hardly noticed the water making its way across his shoulders and down his back.
"Because after years of telling me you love me and kissing my arsehole and fucking me all over this bloody flat, you still couldn't admit it to your father. And before that, I had to sit there for dinner at your house at fourteen years old and hear him talk about 'that goddamned shirt lifter from the office' and pretend it was funny because we'd just snogged ten minutes before. And before
him to stop, he just had to be the voice of reason.
“Then you’ve nothing to be afraid of.”
John's eyes narrowed for a moment before he tipped Sherlock's head back with a finger on his chin. He kept it there as he examined Sherlock's face for any trace of facetiousness, but found none. Slowly, he leaned toward him until their closed lips were pressed together.
Sherlock seemed startled. “He’s helping…with breakfast?”
Sherlock sighed. "I guess you're right."
Sherlock scoffed. "Everyone gets chocolates, Mum."
Sherlock glared.
"Of course, John. We're going to a renaissance faire," Sherlock replied, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
"Yes it is. You're going to Madam Pomfrey. You won't be there long, and she'll probably just send you back up to Ravenclaw Tower."
He turned and strode from the Entrance Hall, forcing John to follow at nearly a run, shaking his head and huffing his annoyance.
Lestrade arrived before Sherlock could do anything rash, along with an ambulance, which John was loaded into, practically batting away hands that intended to check his pulse.
Their walk was postponed indefinitely, much to Bill Murray's dismay.
“Right,” John murmured against his skin. “Only your mother, who’s just as observant as you, and your brother, the only person who could beat both of you at deductions.”
John grinned reluctantly. “No, I won’t.”
“Fine. I was just curious.”
“Sure,” John replied. He wondered whether he should reach for Sherlock’s hand or wait until they got into town.
“Oh. What’d he say?”
John turned to the Chocolate Cauldrons and picked a package at random. On closer examination, they were filled with something called Party Punch.
“She understands very little, but she can take a hint on occasion.”
“What do
Mrs. Holmes chuckled. “Yes, he does tend to be a bit contrary, doesn’t he dear?” she said, turning to her husband, who nodded and smiled. “But John, why don’t you and Sherlock take a seat? The food will be out shortly. It’s a sort of tradition for us to have the boys’ favourites for dinner on their first night back for the holidays.”
“Well, yes.”
“Well, I believe her now.”
Mycroft responded almost immediately. “Truth flake.”
Those same three weeks had passed with one “case” after another. Sherlock had developed a tendency to assume John would participate, and although he hated himself for it, John couldn’t resist running around, helping the madman solve people’s problems.
Sherlock narrowed and then rolled his eyes, understanding an annoyance seeming to crash down on him simultaneously. “John, do you honestly think I hadn’t deduced it all already?”
“Oh, relax, John. I’ve done it loads of times, the elves love me.”
"John. John!" he called as he approached them. He didn't see the older boys roll their eyes or hear them groan as he tugged on John's sleeve.
“Daddy!”
“He needs a Potions tutor.”
John looked at Sherlock questioningly.
“No. How about we work on Patronuses? Mine’s not had a form at all. Maybe we can practice that.”
Sherlock paused for a moment in his admiration of a nearby vat of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans. “I’d like to get something for you. To celebrate.”
“I can’t believe it. Do they
Sherlock nearly fell into the pool. "I don't though."
It was such a rush, running alongside Sherlock as they were going after a suspect, or, as in this case, being chased
“We’ll have to take a look at some photographs, won’t we, John?” Sherlock’s mother said from just behind them. She’d apparently been listening.
Both of them grinned widely.
Each response was met with varying degrees of embarrassment--mostly on John's part. But that didn't mean he was going to put a stop to it anytime soon.
“Because you’re a genius.”
He only shushed him in response, frighteningly serious.
Sherlock made a face.
“But you like it.”
Sherlock paid for the chocolates and they made their way from the shop. “It’s nearly lunchtime,” John pointed out. “You must be hungry, you didn’t eat this morning.”
As they walked away from yet another stranger complimenting Sherlock's look, John laughed and said, "People hardly even notice me. It's like I'm actually undercover."
John reddened and nodded. Of course Sherlock would know his favourite food better than he did. “He’s right.”
Meanwhile, I'd love to see you on Tumblr. I'm
Before long, they were climbing out of a taxi and up the steps to the British Museum. They spent far too much of their time stealing glances at each other rather than looking at the exhibits, and when Sherlock finally suggested they go for a pint, they gladly hopped over to the pub across the street.
“Now, we’ll see about that.” She walked away, hips swaying to some unheard beat.
“What do you think, Sherlock?”
“What?”
Both their heads whipped around at McGonagall’s sudden entrance. John nearly shoved Sherlock to the floor, but he caught himself on the waistband of John’s fresh pyjama bottoms. John glared at him. He shrugged.
"No!" John nearly shouted. Sherlock turned back to him quizzically. John coughed. "No, um, you look...fine. It's all fine." He was stuck with the memory of the first meal they'd shared - sort of. He'd uttered the same words in a different context, but was suddenly uncomfortable at their familiarity.
Sherlock had taken a step back, his eyes softening and then freezing all over again, but his gun’s sights never left Moriarty.
“I usually just talk to Lestrade. He’s used to it. Besides, I don’t want to just snitch to you. I’d like for you to give a second opinion from time to time. It’s very valuable to me.”
"They're predicting one of the worst snowstorms this part of Austria has seen in decades," John said, flipping off the telly and turning to Sherlock, who was busy on his laptop.
"On the contrary, John, I believe her opinion of me is rather accurate compared to your own."
put us both in danger. Without even letting me in on that little fact.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slid the strap from the goggles off his head. “Come on. They’ll be waiting.”
John hesitated at Sherlock's bedroom door, but Mrs. Holmes urged him on. "Sherlock?" he said softly as he pushed it open. He heard familiar sniffles from the corner hidden by Sherlock's bed and approached the source cautiously. "Sherlock?"
"But it is!" Sherlock whined.
The number of gifts he received was astounding. He’d learned over the past week that Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were kind, generous people, if a bit antisocial. Still, he was startled by the way they treated their son’s boyfriend, as though he were a son himself—the only significant difference in his Christmas haul and Sherlock’s was the personal touch, and even that was not lacking much. John suspected that Sherlock, not to mention his mother’s own set of deductive skills, had something to do with that.
"A karaoke bar?!" John shouted, although it wasn't exactly loud enough to warrant shouting.
"Yeah. Yeah, fine."
“I wouldn’t!”
good," John said. His voice was high and breathy, and his back arched as he began to thrust. His head caught on Sherlock's rim once or twice, drawing small whimpers from him. He kept his hand on Sherlock's cock, pumping it at the same tempo, letting his thumb periodically graze the slit and catch the beads of fluid that gathered there.
"I'm the star anyway. We could've at least matched."
“Did he say Seb? As in Moran? Moran’s in on this?”
As the privilege of spinning the bottle passed around the circle, the innocent game surprisingly remained innocent. Molly's sister landed on Molly, and she hugged her and kissed her on the cheek. Greg's spin landed on the same boy as Isabelle, and they put on a show of it. Molly blushed deeply when she landed on Greg, who quite graciously pecked her on the lips and smiled. And then it was Sherlock's turn.
Sherlock feigned offence. "Our first real kiss was with these rabbit ears. Now put them on."
Sherlock groaned.
“Not really.”
“Well, no, but—”
of chocolates should I get her, though?" John muttered, flabbergasted. This was clearly not a problem he had foreseen.
“WHAT THE
to a park. He couldn’t keep himself from asking why as they stepped into the cab and shut the door behind them. With Mycroft in the front seat, the back seat was still crowded, and John found himself half sitting on Sherlock’s lap, and blushing because he was also no more than a foot away from the boy’s parents.
“It is
“Yes, and that is the only reason I tolerate it. But put something else on, there’s no way I can control myself if you snog me shirtless.”
“And the
He reached the foyer long before Sherlock did, so long in fact that he wondered whether Sherlock wasn’t still standing there in shock, contemplating the audacity of leaving him high and dry like that. When Sherlock did finally enter the hall, John had to stifle laughter when he noticed that his boyfriend was wearing a different pair of trousers than the ones he’d originally changed into. Mycroft stared at Sherlock, clearly trying to hide his disgust, which made John’s struggle to contain his mirth much more difficult.
“I didn’t mean it as a compliment.”
"I would ask if you even need me here, but I know you'll be lost at bedtime," John remarked.
," Molly countered. "No offense to Harry, but Sherlock is my only competition out there."
“Sherlock Holmes, are you telling me that the best Seeker this school has seen in decades started his career with an experiment?”
"Will you help me get everything in order?"
John saw her nod out of the corner of his eye and almost kicked her. Of course. Of
As the hours passed, Sherlock read and danced and played pretend with the girls while John watched, participating at times, but mostly just content to see Sherlock interacting with them. Eventually, Lucy began to yawn, then Amelia, and Sherlock and John each had an armful of sleepy toddler to carry upstairs. When they were dressed in their nighties and Amelia was snuggled in with her stuffed giraffe toy, John flipped on the nightlight and the monitor before heading back downstairs. Sherlock followed him, and they ended up in the armchair, Sherlock perched on John's lap in a comfortable ball.
As Sherlock pulled himself up to press his lips against John’s sleepily, John laid back against the pillow that had come to be his.
I would feel?" he spat.
"...and whether the helmet is too much..."
Sherlock gazed at the door. It seemed further away than it had been. "The game is on."
“What?”
"You're exaggerating. You love to exaggerate."
"Night, Sherlock."
Of all the things Sherlock could do to make him feel as though the world was worth living in, smiling was by far the best.
A few more thrusts and John was joining him in the haze, though not breathing nearly as heavily.
, Myc. They're playing. Once upon a time you used to do the same."
True to form, Cousin Wilson broke the tension with a joke about how he couldn’t force himself to work directly with the Minister for all the galleons they could possibly offer him. John was beginning to see how he got along so well with Sherlock—he knew when to speak, and just what to say when he did.
John: 33
By the time John made it down to the Great Hall the next morning, everyone knew what had happened. He’d expected it, really, but it was still disconcerting to have a hundred heads turn his way as soon as he entered the room. He glanced at the Ravenclaw table and saw Sherlock stirring his porridge with a sour look.
“It’s also a Friday night. I don’t want to spend it studying.”
He was storming from the room when a calm voice from the corner said, “I’m sorry. Let’s try again, shall we?”
John sighed. “I just needed to get out of the flat. I’ve been thinking too much.”
“Yeah, I guess.” John seriously doubted whether he would stick around for very long, but he wasn’t going to say anything. He and Stamford separated at the entrance to the Great Hall to take a seat with the rest of their respective houses.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You think I could go alone? There may not be wild creatures or ghosts particularly fond of loud and violent revelry, but I’m certain there will be security measures in place to keep people out.”
“You were…awake?”
Sherlock bit his lip, now fighting back tears of mirth at John's omission of his loathed middle name. The officiant simply glared at him again.
“Sherlock, I’m not having sex for the first time in any place called the ‘Shrieking Shack.’”
Sherlock decided to let Wilkes talk. Clearly he just liked the sound of his own voice.
Sherlock took a sip of his butterbeer. "I'm getting bored."
At this, John looked him in the eyes, seeing what he hadn’t seen in “Jim from IT”: they were dead. His face was all playfully devious, but his eyes were
“I don’t understand, can’t we just have a chat while
“Alright, let’s go,” Sherlock sighed after a moment, taking John by surprise.
Don't be alarmed, the next chapter is where the actual original story begins, as opposed to this "John's internal thoughts" narration of what we already know nonsense that's been going on.
"I dunno. But we've got time to come up with a name." John stopped, considered the man who was sat in his lap. "Unless you come home with a puppy one day this week."
“Yeah,” John said with a sigh.
“Of course, dear. Nothing to worry about. He’ll be good as new.”
John made a regretful face. “Oh, sorry, Wilkes. I’ve made plans with Sherlock and Molly.”
“And wouldn’t that have been a bloody shame.” He smiled up at his friend, who reluctantly smiled back.
"You smell pretty. Like flowers."
Sherlock: 27
“What’s going on?”
Similar sentiments came from every attempt at a relationship on John’s part that summer, although admittedly some women were much less graceful with their unwarranted jealousy of Sherlock, and as a result much more blunt in ending things.
Sherlock: 4
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Thank you.”
John considered whether giving such a man permission to do as he pleased with snipers trained on them both had been the right course of action, but as Sherlock dropped his sights from Moriarty to the bomb lying between them, he knew there was no denying the genius
Sherlock trailed off, unsure.
Sherlock snorted derisively. "No, I don't think so."
“Fine.”
John and Sherlock both waited for all the other packages to be unwrapped before even daring to give the other his gift. When the time came, they were surrounded by paper and both glanced at the tree. John’s gift for Sherlock was much more neatly wrapped, but that didn’t say much. As John looked at the lumpy package, he felt his heart stutter with the overwhelming warmth that overcame him, because he could tell just looking at it that Sherlock had tried to wrap it himself with magic, but gotten frustrated and finally just bound a ton of paper around the gift with Spellotape. He was reminded for perhaps the millionth time that it was not just his absolutely brilliant brain, but also Sherlock’s endearing and adorable imperfections which he was quickly falling for.
“I know, Professor Longbottom. I’m sorry.”
“It’s the only explanation of all the facts.”
"What are the rest of you doing here?" Sherlock asked as they walked the short distance.
Sherlock reached under the tree and immediately pulled out a gift marked with John’s name, thrusting it towards him with a smirk that said he knew exactly what was inside.
Molly was already chewing by the time he finished. Sherlock put his face in his hands.
"I'll tell you what it's like. It's disgusting! Did you think I wanted to kiss you? Cause I didn't, okay!" He knocked him down once more.
Happy New Year, friends! I'll see you again in a few days. (The Holmesidays aren't quite over yet.)
No, that wouldn't do. He racked his brains for something better as he stepped up to take the place of the previous student, who he supposed found vampires frightening but zombies funny, as the undead dropped to the floor and rolled comically, rotting, until its back faced the crowd at the other end of the room. He waited for it to change.
He'd discovered long ago that although Sherlock's knowledge of chemistry translated surprisingly well to baking skills, it did not necessarily mean he would be any help making anything but dessert. Birthdays and holidays were times for Sherlock to create culinary masterpieces, but saucepans and knives were not his forte. Therefore, it could be said that leaving Sherlock to make dinner on his own was the stupidest idea John had probably ever had, and he was glad he didn't follow through on it as he watched Sherlock dice tomatoes with his fingers in prime A&E trip position.
"I don't know, I just
John smirked. "What do you say we change that?"
“John! What’s going on?”
John sat and thought for a moment. "What if I just promise not to use it?"
“Perhaps, but it’s only due to the world not being strange enough to keep me occupied.”
"Of course. It's the least I can do."
“My, would you look at the mouth on this one,” she complained.
McGonagall looked startled. "You did?"
John giggled, and Sherlock quickly began giggling, too.
John swallowed and leaned back, forcing Sherlock down onto the mattress. “Why do you ask?”
"What d'you think they're talking about?" Molly asked eventually.
John narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. He stood and held out a hand.
"Sounds familiar."
Sherlock threw his head back, obviously frustrated but still trying to keep John happy. “Yes.”
“Why haven’t you?” Sherlock definitely wasn’t one to deny himself the finer pleasures in life, particularly when those pleasures had to do with breaking and entering. John had caught him trying to guess the password to the Gryffindor common room the night before. Unfortunately, Professor McGonagall was well-suited to thinking up passwords that even the great Sherlock Holmes had trouble deducing. John had found him shouting abuse at the Fat Lady, presumably to vent his frustration with his fruitless efforts.
Sherlock considered. "Alright," he finally said.
He glanced back up and saw something that filled him with pride and made his athlete’s heart drop in disappointment at the same time. Sherlock was diving, his broom nearly perpendicular to the ground, with Harry right on his tail.
“Something’s happening with the teachers,” Sherlock went on, seeming to struggle with the words. “They’re not acting quite normally. Even some of the students are acting…odd. Polly Winston, for instance.”
John, unsure which dish to choose, eyed the stew curiously.
The boy's eyes went wide. "I didn't mean anything by it. I just - the way you write about Sherlock in your blog - it seemed like you were...well...I'm sorry."
Sherlock stopped to think before asking, “What did he look like?”
"You never asked. Well, except for that first night, but in my defense, I didn't actually know you yet."
This was not the first date he’d been hoping for.
“He’s got a brother.”
“Of course not,” Mrs. Holmes said.
“You’re going into Hogsmeade with me tomorrow,” Sherlock said suddenly across the table they’d inhabited in the library for the past few evenings.
Greg chuckled and did as he was told. But he was still in Sherlock's line of sight.
she’d said something to Sherlock.
John followed Sherlock up the stairs. After that, he was a bit more careful to ask Sherlock when his family were coming home.
“It’s alright. They were Aurors. They were doing their best to keep the Death Eaters under control, but…one night it was really bad. You know the night—there were uprisings everywhere. They were trying to contain one of them in a Muggle village.”
Swaying turned into gyrating, turned into full-out twirling through the sitting room, dodging furniture and discarded mugs that hadn't yet made their way back to the kitchen. John spun Sherlock around in his sock-feet without letting go of his hand and swung him out, only to pull him back and hold him close as the song's last note faded out, giving way to their laughter.
"Are you sure?"
Sherlock: 12
“Where are you?”
When he rounded another corner into a small alley, he found the source of the crying to be a huddled mass on the ground, wrapped in an all-too-familiar coat that knocked the wind out of him and almost made him fall to his knees.
Mrs. Holmes eyed her son carefully, and John realized she must be used to his mischief. Finally, she nodded, and Sherlock shot up from the table, grabbing John’s hand and dragging him out of his own seat. “But if I hear a single explosion, those cauldrons are going out to the stables again,” she shouted after him, and John wondered just how many explosions he’d caused over the years.
Sherlock's eyes lit up, but his smirk was more subdued. "Perfect."
He seemed to be struggling for words. “Hot?” Sherlock supplied.
Sherlock shook his head slightly. “You’re all insane. Or I’m dreaming. I’m going to school.”
“Shall we get back to work, then?” John said after a moment.
So, when it came to the lift, they were as prepared as two amateur dancers who had been drinking heavily for hours could possibly be. John ran at Sherlock, who held out his arms to hoist him over his head. The result was a pile of limbs that groaned from the floor in front of the raised platform.
"Sherlock?"
John’s brow furrowed. “It’s clever!”
"Of course not, there hasn't been time."
“Yeah, he’s always like that,” Stamford said, somewhat bitterly, in answer to an unspoken question.
Angelo laughed. "Of course! One with a candle."
It didn't matter how observant Sherlock was. It didn't matter how advanced he was for his age, or how early he had caught on to the whole toilet thing. He was still hopelessly cursed with the tendency to wet the bed. Though John had teased him about it, he was always good-natured, just trying to make Sherlock laugh and feel less ashamed. And so, when presented with the occasion to sleep over at John's after his birthday party, he hesitated only because there would be others there. Granted, it was only a few others. But they didn't need to know about Sherlock's...problem.
"I'm just saying, if Watson looks like
By now, John had made his way back to the bed and sat on the edge, and Sherlock cut him off with his own mouth. He was pushed back onto the mattress almost by Sherlock’s lips alone. How did he do that? How was his mouth so talented that he could bend John to his will by simply slotting it around and against John’s? He shuddered at the thought of what it might feel like against other parts of him. There was absolutely nothing John wouldn’t do for that perfect mouth, with all the wonderfully imperfect things it said and the absolutely thrilling things it
“Of course,” he replied, not even looking up from his newest experiment.
“No. I saw Wilkes on the way up here.”
John shook his head, suddenly smiling, and sat next to Sherlock. “Sometimes you’re really funny when you get stuck in your own head.”
Mrs. Watson shushed her husband. "Nothing, dear."
“You say it as if it’s news to you.”
"Regardless, I suppose you'd like me to take you to A&E?"
remember Apparition, don’t you, Wendy?”
John smiled and smoothed Sherlock’s curls. “D’you have any idea how important you are to me?”
There was a bottle in one of the cabinets that confirmed his suspicions, and he ran from the tent, bottle and breastplate in hand.
Lestrade stopped in his tracks. After a moment he squinted at Sherlock. "How did you know?"
“Yes?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I thought you were supposed to be the doctor here. It’s generally accepted that doctors are supposed to be health-conscious, not the
(See the end of the chapter for
John was beginning to shout, so Sherlock shushed him.
, and not
"Altitude sickness," Sherlock muttered.
When Sherlock pulled away, all of John's unspoken questions about the meaning of "married to my work," about how long Sherlock had felt this way, were answered in his eyes.
John: 17
He sat up. “Fine, I’ll get ready. John, are you coming?”
"Could you boys keep it down? I was trying to read last night," Mrs. Hudson would complain.
“It’s not so bad.” Sherlock patted the spot next to him.
“Yes, but when my foot goes forward. We’re supposed to move together.”
John stood on his toes to press his lips to Sherlock's. "Bed?"
John turned to look at Sherlock in disbelief. The two men burst into relieved and exasperated laughter. Sherlock wrapped his coat more tightly around himself, lying across the sofa.
“I didn’t
Look, early again!
“Nothing, I didn’t mean—”
Sherlock produced the mattress as he had before and took a seat on it this time, right in the middle, with his legs stretched out in front of him.
"Yes," John said firmly, mostly to reassure himself that it was worth the argument that was bound to occur.
John sighed. Then he couldn’t help but smile a little. “Let me just phone Lestrade, then we’ll go.”
“Oh my god,” Sherlock said, clapping a hand over his mouth as he realized what he’d done.
John’s instincts kicked in. He had never flown so fast as he dove down and swept Sherlock out of the air. He gripped the handle of his broom tightly with one hand, his other arm wrapped around Sherlock’s limp form, and lowered himself to the ground.
By the time lunch rolled around, Sherlock was bouncing from place to place, oozing the confidence of a man who knew exactly what was going on around him. He sat next to Molly, and when he mentioned the surprise exam on the horizon, he turned before John could tap him on the shoulder, taking the boy by surprise and silently rejoicing when, in a brilliant turn of events, John’s cheeks went red instead of his own.
"Don't move!"
They made Sherlock leave while they cleaned and sutured the wound, mostly because he wouldn't stop babbling apologies and telling the doctor how to do her job.
Sherlock let out a soft huff of laughter. "I suppose she does mean well. And it always seems to work out well for us when she does."
Wilson gave him a curious look. It wasn’t unkind, but he seemed to be sizing him up, as though wondering whether this was a one-off occurrence or if John really did care that much about Sherlock.
eat?”
“Of course not,” Sherlock scoffed. “Uncle Rudy.”
"I'm getting the camera."
John’s eyebrows pinched together as he glanced around, bewildered. His eyes went wide as his mind processed Sherlock’s words at what Sherlock  perceived as an infuriating snail’s pace.
“Powers? What are you on about?”
"Sorry?"
, I noticed." Sherlock saw that they had passed John's room, but John was still walking with him, so he explained the things about John's appearance that had tipped him off.
that everyone's afraid of?"
Perhaps they
Sherlock scoffed, but didn’t have an argument. It was just the thing he was worried about, doing something to reveal himself and at the very least alienating John, if not actually harming him. He stood. “I’m going to bed,” he muttered.
“Really?” Sherlock asked when John backed away. One of his eyebrows was raised in some sort of attempt to mask the twinkle of delight in his eyes with his typical snark.
“Wilkes, I’ve told you, I didn’t hit you on purpose,” John sighed, not optimistic at all about the path the conversation might take.
And that was when Sherlock realized he didn’t know.
Sherlock couldn’t have resisted if he’d tried. The fact that he’d had a few drinks didn’t help. And now here he was outside 221B, wishing for nothing more than to see his best friend, to comfort him, to be comforted.
"Where is he?" Sherlock demanded.
“It’s just, I didn’t ever think Sherlock would ever find a good close friend, let alone….Well, I’ve known Sherlock Holmes for two years. He always comes to me when he needs some sort of authority figure, although his brother
The five feet between the table Sherlock shared with John and the others' table may as well have been 500 miles. Mycroft watched them giggling and talking about God knew what over the top of his menu, occasionally scoffing as John would pull a funny face and use his utensils as props, making Sherlock clap and laugh obnoxiously loudly.
John: 23
They fell back into quiet, and eventually into sleep.
Andrew laughed. “Not much changed, then? I remember when I would bring little Wilson over so that they could play those Muggle games they loved so much, what were they? Pirates, and…something to do with building a…thing…out of sheets and pillows. Anyways, Violet always had to practically force feed him. Kid wouldn’t eat a damn thing.”
"Tomorrow," Sherlock growled, bending down to kiss John's neck again.
“He’s wearing women’s underwear,” Sherlock whispered back, completely deadpan, and John almost stopped in the middle of the doorway.
"Is that a problem?"
. Oh, God, Sherlock, I'm sorry."
"Then what is it in yours that makes you so insufferable?" Sherlock joked.
Molly smirked. "I don't think that's true."
They sat there for a long time, both dreading going back to face everyone, but also praying that they’d be able to work up the courage to do so before Sherlock’s parents came to find them.
It couldn’t hurt to do a bit of reading together, though. What could happen?
“Yes. I thought you’d approve.” He picked a small speck of fuzz from the collar of his new jumper. “You said you actually liked this one.”
, John, don't cry over your old man, he'll surely see you someday on that great rugby pitch in the sky with all the other Watson
It took no time at all for him to get ready, but he still put way too much into his appearance, even combing his hair for a second time that day. He was just about to walk out the door, when the phone rang.
“Philip’s an idiot. Honestly, Molly, I thought you were smarter than that.”
Immediately, John backed away and cupped Sherlock’s cheek softly. “What’s wrong?”
is that ‘happy’?”
"Get up. We're going on a picnic."
“Of course. It’s an awful color. Honestly, it doesn’t even
Before Mycroft could react, Sherlock was stretching out his fingers, just barely brushing the first bar. He huffed, frustrated, then leapt forward, catching the bar, his feet swinging a good three feet above the ground.
"Well, it's hardly bad manners to suggest you do something for your boyfriend after he...well, you know." John tensed, but she smoothed over the moment with a giggle. "And then of course when I found out how much he loved dancing..."
The other boys looked at each other, unsure of what to do. John, on the other hand, didn't miss a beat as he nudged his friend and guided him to his sleeping bag.
“What?” John looked at his ice cream, free from toppings other than its standard flake. “Oh. You know, I think I did.”
Sherlock: 9
“Gee, am I really that obvious?”
The highlight of John's actual party was when Ronald Winston fell out of the bouncy castle and cried. Sherlock never had liked him much, and when he muttered about the idiot showing off, John wasn't the only one who laughed.
“Alright, sure. Ready?”
"I'll call the operator and ask for the biggest prat at Downing Street."
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Zookeepers help people."
"I thought he was a detective! How was I supposed to know he was helping the boy wonder solve a murder for no apparent reason?"
Sherlock nodded and fastened the last few buttons on his shirt.
, he said to himself. Ravenclaws were in Ravenclaw Tower, not the dungeons. Still, he followed his ears, jogging lightly to catch up to the source of the tall shadow that danced across the walls.
In the two years he'd known him, John had hardly seen Sherlock so excited. It would have been a wonder to anyone else why he was looking favorably on a social gathering, but John was not a part of the ignorant masses in this scenario. He knew Sherlock Holmes better than he knew himself, which was why he'd agreed to orchestrate this event in the first place.
John paused in the doorway before finally turning around. “Do you promise not to yell at me?”
“You’re thinking of my experiments at school. I can leave these here. In fact, they’re meant to be left here. All of these potions are components in experiments which measure long-term usefulness and rates of decay. It wouldn’t be very productive to be standing over them all day, would it?”
Taken aback by his tone, John stammered, “Well, of course I do, Sherlock.”
"First date. They're playing footsie under the table, but it's a bit awkward. Been friends for a few years, pining for each other almost as long."
Then Mrs. Holmes said, “Let’s skip along to the ones you’re interested in,” and with a wink, flipped several pages at once, landing on another infant. Sherlock waved up from the page, sixteen years younger, with a radiant grin stretching his chubby face. He seemed to realize that the person behind the camera was vaguely familiar.
Sherlock sighed, contentment weighing down his eyelids. "That was a good one."
"Good. I really should take you to see Madam Pomfrey, get something for shock—"
"I'm only joking, Sherlock."
“That’ll be Mummy.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and took John’s hand, leading him from the room.
They had been together officially for a few weeks. And Sherlock just couldn't fathom it.
John shook his head. “Sherlock Holmes, you amaze me more and more every day.”
“I know. I will.” He resented her treating him like a five-year-old, especially when she wasn’t known for always attending class herself, but he decided it was easier to catch flies with honey. “Thanks, Harry.”
"For putting you in danger like that. I was stupid."
"Last month's sutures say otherwise."
"Oh, come now, Sherlock. She made it herself."
John sighed. “Things are different now.”
"There's been a murder, John."
Sherlock turns to him. There are tears in his eyes. Something John truly never expected to see.
match! Your team already hates me. It won’t do any good for my team to hate me, too.”
"What would you do if I chopped it all off?" Sherlock joked.
He would be lying if he said he was looking forward to getting older. Sure, he had Sherlock, and he would always love him, and there was certainly no end to casework in sight. But, funnily enough, although it was his birthday, it was the knowledge that Sherlock would turn 30 in just a few months that made him feel old. He didn't feel as old as he'd thought he would at, say, fifteen, but he was still struck by the notion of aging as he watched lines appear in new places each year, felt new stiffness at times, beyond the normal twinges in his leg that warned him of rain.
"Hey, Sherlock? You're John's emergency contact and--"
"John?" Mycroft didn't quite sound surprised, but rather, confused.
John didn’t know what was more shocking, the fact that Ernie didn’t know how to get to a park or that they were actually
“Sherlock, what…?”
He ignored the fond smiles of each of his companions as they all climbed into another cab.
Sherlock slipped his wand back into his pocket. He snaked his arms around John's shoulders as the musicians in the corner shot each other panicked looks which had escalated from simple confusion over the course of their dancing. He felt John shift his head so that his cheek rested against Sherlock's chest and he sighed, and Sherlock echoed it, and there wasn't anything he could do to keep himself from melting, resting his chin on the top of John's head and closing his eyes as they swayed. They took tiny steps around the floor, most of the movement in their upper bodies, each of them contentedly following the other's motions and smiling to himself.
"What is it, Sherlock?" he sighed.
"You're getting older, sure."
Something seemed to click behind Sherlock’s mask agitatedly as John watched and repeated the next words fed to him. He still struggled to keep himself upright. “I can stop John Watson, too.” Sherlock glanced at the red dot of a laser sight set on John. “Stop his heart.”
Cleaning the cut proved a bit difficult. Sherlock wouldn’t stop moving, and when John told him to stop, Sherlock said he couldn’t help it.
"You really think so?"
“John. Watson. Hi.”
John: 29
"You mean you don't see him in the lab anymore?"
“What fo—Christ, Sherlock, you saved my life!”
?” He was already pulling a bar from the container.
"How was I supposed to know I'd fall in love with you?" Sherlock shot at him, then nearly put a hand over his mouth.
"What did he say?" John's father said.
Sherlock, however, was already typing with his free hand. He slid his phone back into his pocket. “Just sent him a text.”
“You’ve never produced a Patronus? Not even any of the misty stuff?”
"Right," Sherlock said, and continued on down the corridor.
When Sherlock sat, he found himself pulled against John’s side as John leaned against the armrest.
going to do karaoke."
"We should go back up to the castle. As much as I admire this method of study, I think I'd like to reward you when you're correct, and Gryffindor Tower might be better suited for that."
Here ya go, a day early. :)
It wasn't long before they were sat in John's bedroom, watching a film about a spy. Sherlock didn't actually bother to watch it, although he knew it was one of John's favorites, partly by the way his face lit up at certain parts, but mostly by the dialogue that he recognized from John's own speech patterns when they played pretend. Sherlock sat next to John, repeatedly nodding off, his head drooping and drifting from side to side until he would be awakened by a loud sound from the telly, and the whole thing would start over again. By the time the film was over, Sherlock was asleep with his head on John's shoulder and his hand in the popcorn bowl.
“Of course I did. I said I would be here.”
Sherlock almost tossed his mic away when he put a hand on John's hip and started to actually dance. He tried to lead, but mostly ended up having trodden all over John's feet. They twirled and sang, giggling through the lyrics.
They weren’t outside for long before John noticed the cold. He sighed and shivered. His coat was still on the floor, and there was no way he was going back in there. He tried to ignore the unseasonable chill, but the temperature had fallen even more since he’d been dragged inside.
John would always begin slowly, his hands not daring to roam very far from Sherlock’s shoulders.
"But I don't like Molly like that."
He thought of Sherlock’s hand, fingers faintly stained and scarred here and there from years of experiments, held out in aid and comfort. When he’d taken it, he hadn’t realized he wouldn’t want to let go. But here he still was, wishing to go back to the moment he’d lost it and hold a little tighter, not let Sherlock leave his side.
“Well, I found out I wasn’t a Squib, for one.”
tell them, Dee!”
,” Sherlock grumbled. The last bit seemed to be a direct accusation to the man himself, even being absent from the present proceedings. “Besides, he would’ve heard.”
Wilkes, he had discovered, carried a weakness for soft serve ice cream. There was a lovely little ice cream shop down the street, and if Sherlock’s judgement served him well, Wilkes wouldn’t be able to turn down a celebratory cone after the win. Sherlock would suggest to John that the team go for one, John would certainly insist that his friends accompany them, and it would be almost too easy to slip the flake to Wilkes in the chaos that rugby players on a victory high would create.
“See you later, then. Freak.”
"We had a run-in with the giant squid," Sherlock cut across him.
"You're going to joust."
John lazily stroked Sherlock’s curls.
Sherlock was extremely preoccupied with watching a woman on a bench from behind a tree when Mr. Holmes took a seat next to John on his own bench. “He is a funny lad.”
"No, he's um...he's in the bathroom."
Sherlock insisted on carrying John's bag, and they set out on the short walk to the hospital. He knew that although he would have liked to, John was in no position to argue.
Sherlock had known the party would be dull, but he'd agreed to attend on the condition that he could bring John as his date. Unfortunately, Mycroft had agreed without any arm-twisting, and so Sherlock had had no grudge to hold against him, and no legitimate excuse to skip it.
"I’m fine, Sherlock."
Next, with tea in hand, breakfast meant small, reluctant smiles, quick kisses over toast, and Sherlock's insistence that John stay home that day. John reminded him every morning he was there that he was going to Bart's next year, and if he actually wanted to get a degree, he should probably keep working towards it. He would also point out how it would do Sherlock good to find time in his own busy schedule to get to his classes.
“I’m sorry?”
“What? You were on a date? Well that would explain why I saw you throw him up against the wall like that.”
"What 'friends'? What kind of friends stop talking to you because of
“Oh.”
As soon as he saw his best friend, huddled between the wall and the bed, his apology was pushed out in a rush as he sprung forward and grabbed him tight. "Sherlock-I'm-so-so-so-sorry."
Sherlock toed off his shoes and obliged, curling up next to him and letting him kiss his hair.
Sherlock cleared his throat again. “Good. That’s um…that’s good. I’d be delighted to have you.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but didn’t answer. “Would you like me to teach you a spell?”
(See the end of the chapter for
, of all people.
"So I'm the villain now, because I want you to actually put that ridiculous brain of yours to good use?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Oh, I don't think so," he replied, taking a step forward, but he stopped when he saw the knife the man clutched in his left hand. He remembered his deductions from earlier--
There was a gleam in Sherlock’s eyes that John recognized immediately.
"Perhaps one for later," Sherlock murmured, already going in for the move that he'd clearly had planned from his mention of the game, one that always worked to drive John not quite out of his mind, but to the brink of madness. His hands found their way down to John's hips and massaged slow circles as he grazed his teeth along John's earlobe. He whispered, "My lips are a bit busy at the moment," before latching them onto the spot just under John's ear. John barely managed to keep from shuddering.
He must really love the man.
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow. "What about pets?"
Sarah smiled. “At least it’s not a problem you’ll have to deal with for another two weeks.”
Sherlock and John stared at each other from across the room, unmoving.
John: 13
John touched the ears atop his head gingerly, as though they were something he was going to burn when the pageant was over. Sherlock thought he just might join him. "How long until we're on?"
"Bloody—" John began before cutting himself off with a searing kiss. "Of course, idiot."
," he mocked. "You might not make it up to see him again."
“A hair ribbon, John. A purple hair ribbon.”
Sherlock stared at John over his shoulder for a very long time, but turned away without uttering a single word.
Another Hogsmeade weekend and a continued lack of leads meant John had one way to deal with a restless Sherlock.
“What?”
John raised an eyebrow. “And where d’you expect me to sit?”
“I’m sorry, John, I…” He looked lost. “Forgive me, I just…lost control for a moment.”
Instead of questioning his tone, she sighed and turned to walk back up the stairs. “Don’t get into any trouble, please, dear. People might forget you’re a Prefect if you get yourself put in detention.”
“It was not,” John muttered, still smiling brightly.
“Yeah. It was weird.”
Mycroft appeared from the cupboard as before. “What do I do if someone’s eaten truth flake by accident?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock was already hanging up his phone and didn't hear the rest of what the man on the other line said. He burst outside and sprinted to the athletic fields.
“So, John, how
He heard a loud yelp from Sherlock’s room and he sighed. “Sherlock!” He put down his glass and walked around the corner to see Sherlock stumbling around, trying to walk on only his injured foot, his other leg contorted so that he could examine the other, which was also now injured.
Sherlock smirked. “Maybe. Why, do you mind?”
“Mycroft Holmes, I cannot
“Yes?” he said, jogging along the downstairs corridor in pursuit of the voice that had called out his name. He wanted to keep Sherlock out of the sitting room for as long as possible; the nosy bastard was bound to figure out what his present was at a glance, something John wanted to keep from happening too soon.
“I could just kill him now, you know. Tell Seb to cut the ropes.”
John: 24
women’s underwear, although it wasn’t as though he’d never entertained the idea. The appeal had grown that afternoon as he watched John’s reactions to his insinuations and stored those responses in a special room in his Mind Palace for future reference. He couldn’t wait to experiment under more practical conditions.
John almost looked all around the room for the source of the sudden tension, bewildered at the change in atmosphere. The smile threatening to break through on Sherlock’s face disappeared completely, to be replaced by annoyance and…was that hurt?
The rest of the meal was generally more enjoyable without Wendy’s looming presence. Wilson and Mr. Holmes joked with each other while Sherlock’s grandmother watched them, unimpressed, and Molly giggled at their antics. Uncle Andrew eventually slumped over and began snoring, much to the amusement of everyone else at the table. Sherlock actually ate dinner, cleaned his previously untouched plate, and even took his cracker and donned the hat with relish, which told John how much he enjoyed being rid of Wendy and her whole pompous entourage.
"I don't know."
John pulled him closer and rubbed gentle circles against his back.
The back of John's hand softly brushed across Sherlock's chest as his lips pressed against Sherlock's forehead, and it seemed for a second as though John was hardly trying. But then the chasteness of the kiss melted, slowly, more and more the further it worked its way down Sherlock's cheek, until it landed with a wet swipe of tongue against collarbone.
It was a few hours later that Sherlock awoke, his ears latching onto a sound so foreign and uncomfortable that he wanted to shout for his mother, until he realized what it was. He peeked over the edge of his bed at his friend.
“Well, since cuddling on the astronomy tower is out of the question, perhaps we could work on something for class.”
“Not exactly. He had his wand out, ready to curse me before my mother could even react, but…” He stopped, unsure of how to put it delicately. He decided on the simple truth. “His wand flew out of his hand, then the chandelier fell on him.”
“An average one, at best.”
John approached him on the front steps of the school at three o’clock. “Ready to tackle some Oscar Wilde?”
“Yes you are.”
"We go back and forth telling secrets about ourselves. For every secret I tell, I get to do something to you, and you get to do the same to me when you tell a secret."
“What would you like me to make him say next?” John resisted collapsing to his knees as he imitated the voice again. “Gottle o’ gear, gottle o’gear, gottle o’gear…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What if I don’t?”
Which was why they had been waiting at the bottom of the stairs for nearly twenty minutes, without a word from Sherlock.
Without a word, Sherlock dropped John’s hand long enough to pull his arm out of his coat, which he then threw over John’s far shoulder before taking the vice-like grip again.
get married--in as legal a sense as possible, of course. Mrs. Hudson seemed to think it was a brilliant idea. Mycroft had actually asked John a few weeks ago whether he was planning on proposing, though he'd known full well he wasn't. Just that morning, Lestrade had joked about their bickering, calling them an old married couple. And despite all they'd been through in that year apart, they had fallen back together effortlessly, with only small hiccups in the form of nightmares and relapses, and even those were very few.
"Hates art. Constantly glues his fingers together."
John didn't have the energy to argue, but couldn't bring himself to leave Sherlock alone, lying on the sofa in his dressing gown.
“You know, your face isn’t the only thing I like to watch.”
“Dunno. I’ve always wanted to go inside.”
“Oh. Sure.”
"...do take you, Sherlock Holmes, to be mine."
I WILL BE CONSISTENT.
not been blackmailing my boyfriend into boring himself to death." Sherlock pitifully dropped his entire form onto the sofa.
“Oh, nothing! He’s just got a sort of...reputation.”
"John, it's a bit late now." Sherlock was already pulling off his robes in a frenzy, his trousers halfway to his knees and his loose tie hovering somewhere around his chin as he tugged at his shirt.
Sherlock didn't have to utter anything else. Molly simply replied, "Yeah."
"I'd be a less-than-ideal in-law."
Sherlock raised John’s handgun and set his sights on the man before him. “Both.”
Before leaving the village, Sherlock bought some more Chocolate Frogs.
at you?”
Finally, she cleared her throat. “Mycroft, dear, tell Aunt Wendy about your forthcoming internship at the Ministry.”
"I would rather not get snowed in."
"What?"
"We just fancied a picnic," Sherlock replied.
John smiled. "Well, if you insist on playing"—he pushed Sherlock away—"then we're playing fair."
John's cheeks went red, but he still smiled. “Doesn’t mean I didn’t enjoy myself.”
Sherlock shook his head. "Um, no, I'm...flattered." He silently chastised himself.
John set his jaw, determined. “Come on,” he said, taking Sherlock by the hand and pulling him along to the seventh floor corridor, where he knew there would be a patch of blank wall with a secret that he’d discovered in his first year when he’d needed somewhere to hide from Harry and her friends as they tormented him.
John: 34
John was, as it turned out, a perfectly adequate dancer when given the proper motivation, and a remarkable learner when it came to the more complicated nuances of movement. Three waltzes and a
"This is ridiculous."
"Sherlock," John started, practically laughing. "If you think I didn't willingly enter that house knowing there was danger, then I don't think you've been around for the hundreds of other times I've followed you into a potentially dangerous situation."
“What pool? You know what, never mind. Stay there. Someone’s on their way.”
Sherlock's lip trembled. "I'm sorry." He was slipping back into the lisp he so hated.
The next song, just as Sherlock remembered, was more subdued, with a steady rock beat that settled them into a soft back-and-forth. John laid his head on Sherlock's chest.
“What?”
He answered much more quickly than he would have thought possible.
"But I don't want to cry in front of everyone."
Sherlock found himself grinning from ear to ear, trying to contain himself.
Also, I've added MorMor and Teddy Lupin to the tags. (!) That's to come in future chapters, though. You have a long way, grasshopper.
“Good evening, Mummy.”
There was no answer. John shouted up the stairs again.
“Perhaps if I went up to get him?” John suggested, and mounted the stairs. He’d awoken that morning much as he had on other occasions, with Sherlock nowhere to be found. He wasn’t worried; there was no telling where Sherlock had gone to play his violin, or perhaps sit and think. He only hoped he was in his room now, dragging his feet just to annoy his mother.
“Sound reasoning, John, but I hardly see how any hesitation should make those few minutes any more enjoyable.”
"I think she does."
“Now, Delia, there’s someone for everyone,” her mother scolded, though there wasn’t the slightest trace of an actual reprimand. “Congratulations, Sherlock. It’s lovely to meet you, John.”
John scooted a bit closer. “Molly’s right, you know.” His voice was soft, now. Despite something as ridiculous as truth flake, John was being completely serious.
“Why would he ask
When the new first years entered, John simply watched the mop of curls next to Stamford fall to the table with a thump that he could almost hear from across the room. He kept watching as student after student was called to put on the Hat. At one point, the boy next to Sherlock accidentally elbowed him, and it was when John saw him jerk his head upward and rub his eyes that he realized that the boy had actually fallen asleep.
It was in one such spot that they had gotten themselves into a bit of an awkward situation, when John went in behind Sherlock before realizing that it wasn’t quite big enough to hold two adolescent wizards comfortably. Unfortunately, Sherlock had neglected to mention that the wall would re-solidify behind them, so they were stuck like that for a few moments, Sherlock reaching for his wand in pitch darkness and instead finding the front of John's trousers.
“I don’t know. You’re just so...”
"Sherlock Holmes, you are the most amazing human being, alive or dead. Don't you dare tell me I'm wrong."
,” he said, even more softly than before.
Lestrade was shouting as he ran past them. A few moments later, Mary was right behind.
“We have something to tell you.”
Sherlock spent his morning class time not working on his spelling, or maths, but thinking about what John had said about kissing.
John’s expression snapped from solemn and dazed directly to annoyed. “And what type of bloke is that?”
"Yes," John replied tersely. His false ears drooped forward as he bowed his head. "That's worse, too."
“Mmm.”
“Hello, boys. Glad you could join us,” Mr. Holmes said from one end of the table, which was rather short and cozy in comparison to the size of the room itself.
"Sherlock Holmes, you come here this instant!" his mother commanded. He stopped with his foot on the third stair.
“I don’t know, John, I—”
"We haven't washed yet," John teased, knowing full well that wasn't what they'd been doing in the shower in the first place.
“You don’t. The only thing you can do is wait for the effects to wear off.”
He peered at Sherlock’s outline hobbling over to the window through slits, refusing to fully open his eyes to the dazzling midday sun.
“Sherlock,” John gurgled from just below the surface, and he was quickly pulled back into his task.
John started. "What for?"
“Yeah…yeah, just a bit cold.”
At the same time, he heard John shout and saw a silver light through his eyelids. He smiled, keeping them closed. He’d done it. He’d actually done it.
,” Sherlock whined, reaching out to John with both arms, resting his chin on the table, and adopting his most pathetic look.
John laughed a bit with his friends, still trying to focus on his essay. With everyone starting to talk Quidditch, however, he found it difficult to concentrate, and so excused himself to find a quiet corner in the library.
“What?”
John turned bright red. He bit his tongue; he wasn’t so sure Sherlock wanted the Captain of his team to know he was…whatever their relationship was…with a member of the Gryffindor team, especially the one who’d hospitalized him last year. “I saved his life.” He had to refrain from adding, “you bloody stupid git.”
"To have and to hold, from this day forward..."
“Rudy!” Sherlock’s mother said suddenly, and John looked up at the door just as a man in dark green robes appeared.
"Fine," Sherlock muttered, kicking Molly before she could say anything about their revelation.
They arrived at the faire a short while later. Surrounded by jugglers and archers in polyester outfits, they made their way to the jousting arena at the centre, where a dozen horses stood in stalls next to a massive set of bleachers.
Greg’s warning went unheard as John’s fist connected with Moran’s nose.
"Like maybe the fact that I already have a boyfriend?" Sherlock had to resist the pull upward on the corners of his lips. Like always, he was thoroughly enjoying John's sarcasm. "I don't want anyone at uni, Wilkes."
“Of course,” came Mycroft’s voice from behind him. He carried a small package, which he handed to Sherlock.
“Me? I am absolutely brilliant.”
“I prefer to text,” Sherlock said stubbornly, his fingers twitching.
“You don’t want to do this right now.”
Sherlock glared. "It's hot out."
"But it's not?" He looked up at John hopefully, tears still clinging to his lower eyelids.
When the all-clear was called and Sherlock got back to the shower, he most certainly did not think of John Watson while having a wank.
Sherlock’s lips twisted into a dignified pout.
As always, it was as though Sherlock’s mind had transferred all of his usual confidence to John once things had come to a certain point. John smiled warmly before bringing Sherlock’s hand to his mouth, thoroughly licking his palm, and wrapping it around them both. He guided and encouraged the first few strokes until he couldn’t anymore. His brain was beginning to short-circuit at the feeling of Sherlock touching him in a way he never had before, and although his own hand didn’t fall away completely, his grip went slack as his jaw and his eyes searched for Sherlock’s wildly. When they met, the sensations seemed to intensify tenfold, and he thrust up into Sherlock’s hand unconsciously.
Sherlock smiled. “Shut up.”
“No! I can do it by
“So…you’re going into Hogsmeade tomorrow?” John asked after a particularly entertaining study session in their usual empty dungeon classroom one night. As soon as John had finished packing up his books, Sherlock had turned to the cauldron of foul-smelling, blue-grey potion that he had brought with him.
“And Sherlock’s behaving?”
"Still, I should have seen he had a knife."
“Wrong. Professor Longbottom saved your life, I merely put out the fire,” Sherlock scoffed, but John wasn’t having it. He raised an eyebrow. “Alright, that probably helped.”
John became suddenly aware that his hand was still holding on to Sherlock’s for support, and his face instantly rose several degrees in temperature. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to take it away, especially with Sherlock gripping it so tightly in return. It was the one thing about him that felt or looked human at the moment. There was residual fear in that death grip, fear which John was more than willing to comfort, no matter how loudly his brain screamed at him that it was a bad idea, that if Lestrade’s team or any of Scotland Yard at all showed up and saw his hand in Sherlock’s, there would no doubt be more than the
"You are not going to keep sulking on my watch."
Sherlock hesitated. “Yes, I think so. I’m sorry, I didn’t know. Although, to be quite honest, it makes his attempt to kill me on the Quidditch pitch a bit…clearer.”
“You weren’t kidding,” John said finally.
"Pub, maybe? A walk?"
"No?"
A few raised their hands, but Sherlock said, "It's a boggart. Obviously."
"Good," Sherlock replied, then flexed his foot, making John tense against the back of the booth he sat in.
“Sherlock?”
John sat beside her, suddenly curious. He watched raptly as she opened the album and he was greeted by a wary child swaddled in a white blanket. Baby Mycroft blinked up at them icily, as though he had insisted the photograph not be taken. John almost laughed.
John felt Sherlock’s laugh as nothing more than a puff of air against his bare abdomen. “I can’t really say the same in regards to you.”
The boy, who bore a striking resemblance to Sherlock despite some unpleasant difference that John couldn’t quite identify, smirked in Sherlock’s direction. Sherlock glared at him.
"He's your best friend," Mrs. Holmes pointed out when Sherlock announced that he wasn't going to the party at all.
John tried to suppress his laughter. "Yeah, it really is. But I think it would be better if Sherlock tried it on."
“Who’s to say I wouldn’t rather give it to you on your actual birthday?” John teased, knowing full well that there was no way he could keep the parcel’s location—or its contents—from Sherlock for much longer.
“If it’ll get me past the first four lines of this essay, I’m all ears.”
"You bastard."
“I wanna go on the monkey bars,” he insisted.
“So you…control it?”
He had also not expected Sherlock to use it.
John knew she wouldn’t. This whole outing was for Sherlock’s birthday, after all. No one had told John where they were going, but he was inclined to believe it would be something unexpected. This was Sherlock they were talking about.
"All correct. Draught of Living Death?"
I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I'm still a deadbeat.
"That's hardly a reflection on me, John.
"What?"
"Mhmm. And you were six." Sherlock leaned in and kissed him.
“If a tour means dragging someone from room to room and snogging them senseless, then yes.”
“Sherlock, I—”
“Well, that’s your problem,” Sherlock’s mother said.
“Look.”
Plot. Plot. Plot. Plot.
John sighed. "Sherlock Holmes," he began, shoving his face toward Sherlock's in a way neither of them was used to, aggression overpowering the usual rush of being so near each other. "If you think I was paying attention to anything but you lying on that floor, then you must not be as bright as everyone seems to think you are."
“It always was,” John countered, taking his first step toward Sherlock’s corner. Slowly, he made his way into Sherlock’s personal space and put a hand on his hip, pulling him in roughly.
“All the evidence was there. The extra candy wrappers in her wastebasket, the slight thightness of her blouse. There’s much more, but I’m not sure why we would get into that now, seeing as—”
"Hey, Victor. Oh, you're not going as Clark Kent
“What’s so funny?” their landlady said, showing up in the entryway between the kitchen and the sitting room.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Trouble in paradise?”
"What?"
John let out a shout when Sherlock slapped the man. "You do not try to kill
Lestrade called a time-out. When the whistle sounded, seven scarlet blurs came to a halt at one end of the pitch.
“I found it in a Muggle shop. Didn’t you hear me?”
!" The only effect it had was to bring the boggart closer, so that Sherlock could smell burnt hair and flesh and the overwhelming stench of blood and decay, and he thought of how long John must have been like this, how long he'd been tortured, before shutting that idea down and whispering, "You're not real." He had to keep himself from clamping his eyes shut as he said it. He faintly heard his name being called. "You're not. You're not real," he repeated more frantically, spotting the precise blue of John's eyes surrounded by dark bruises and the blood that had long-since dried on his face. "You're not real!" he sobbed over and over, hiding his eyes behind his fingers.
“And then more cake for dessert,” Sherlock continued, once it was clear he had John’s approval in making the joke.
Sherlock folded his arms in triumph, his plan complete. Wilkes was a little ways down the row, taking a cone that was served to him with truth flake, which had been placed in a strategic position behind the counter when the server had turned to prepare his cone.
John was sitting in the center of the sofa, watching Sherlock pace back and forth with a concerned look on his face. “Sh’lock?”
Very, very reluctantly, Sherlock smiled. "You're an idiot."
"Very good, very good. Now, form a line. That's it. You there, Young, pipe down, or I’ll have Flitwick deal with you. Good. Now, think of the thing you most fear, and turn it in your mind's eye into something funny. Got it?"
She tried to make it clear that there were no hard feelings, but it didn’t take a Holmes to see that there were in fact very many hard feelings, and that each and every one of them had something to do with Sherlock Holmes.
"What?" Sherlock asked, and John realized he must have been staring for quite a while.
"You're going to have to teach me that," Sherlock muttered when they'd finally stumbled into the sitting room.
“It’s the one thing that’s been missing for a few days. For the four years I’ve spent at Hogwarts, Polly Winston has worn a purple hair ribbon in her hair. Late last week she suddenly stopped. It’s why I took the case. I was curious as to why she would have parted with it so suddenly. Can you get Lestrade? He must be in Gryffindor Tower by now.”
"You're forgetting one."
? Christ, Sherlock, the guy tried to—”
“It’s not just a match, Sherlock, it’s
“So. Vocal, you said?”
John's last reply came with a bit of a delay.
“You’ve come the closest. Now you’re in my way.” The unmelodic song was creeping back into the cold but proud voice.
“Then bloody hell, yes!” John laughed, and Sherlock smiled one of his rare genuine smiles before capturing John’s mouth again, a hand flying to the zip of his trousers.
A few moments later, after Wilkes had walked away and Molly had gone for more chips, John leaned in closer to Sherlock. “Thank you so much. I don’t think I could stand another party at that prick’s house.”
“No, but it is your fault they used tape in the first place.”
Oh, he's bitter about something, Sherlock thought. He watched him, looking for answers. Family drama. Need more data.
Sherlock paused. "Mummy taught us."
John went red. "Oh, we're together. We just...we're not married."
"Maybe
Sherlock decided to fix his own misstep. He wiggled his arse.
?” John and Greg shouted at the same time.
“Oh, Christ,” he muttered, jumping off the bed, in full doctor mode now, despite the headache. He watched his path for glass and knelt down in front of Sherlock, who winced when he moved the foot to examine it.
John twisted his fingers into Sherlock's hair when he returned to his neck. "What time do your parents get home?"
“No, Sherlock. No. You
"Whoa, it
“I saw you talking to Mike.”
"John's been stabbed."
"Seriously, Sherlock, someone could be up any minute." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "
“How many of those are from you?” John managed between enduring chuckles.
“Thanks, Sherlock,” John replied after a moment, “but…why?”
"Lectures tomorrow are going to be hell. Can't believe I fell on my left hand."
John rolled his eyes. "You know what I mean."
"That's not what you said."
How on earth could he turn Moriarty into a laugh? More importantly, what would the other students think if another seemingly random student appeared before him, smirking menacingly? No doubt questions would be asked, covers blown, and even attacks provoked if any of his classmates were involved in Jim's schemes.
John cuddled closer to Sherlock and yawned. "He's right, Sherlock. I'm sleepy."
A pub crawl for Lestrade's stag do had seemed a good idea in the beginning, all the way up until about two pubs ago. That was when it had suddenly turned into a
“Bloody Sherlock Holmes,” John grumbled as he pulled on his robes. The trip to McGonagall’s office had somehow turned into a chase, which had somehow revealed that Polly Winston had been kidnapped and replaced by a Polyjuice-drinking psychopath. John had been a little lost, swept up in the thrill of it all. However, he would be lying if he said he didn't resent being awake as late as he was. He’d been relieved when Sherlock had managed to disarm the imposter, and he was grateful for the Ravenclaw’s quick skill when a Stunning Spell had been aimed at his head, but it didn’t change the fact that he’d been kept up until two in the morning being questioned by a Ministry official.
“If your sniper pulls that trigger, Mr. Moriarty, then we both go up,” John growled. Although he was sure it was something the man had worked out for himself, there was a sort of savage satisfaction that ripped through him as he said the words aloud.
“I apologise, Aunt Wendy. I had no intention of offending anyone.” Sherlock tilted his head politely in her direction. “I was simply returning the favor to your darling son. He seems not to have developed any more of a vocabulary since the age of eight, for his insults have not seemed to improve, but no matter. If you find it just as well for me to take those feeble attempts at heightening his self-esteem at my expense lying down, then I shall by all means do so.”
“Would you shut up a minute?” John sighed. “Sherlock, it’s fine. Truly. It’s better than fine, really. We are in a relationship. When we talked about it before, you were interested. So it is good to know you’re actually attracted to me.”
"I can't believe"--John gasped as Sherlock nipped the sensitive spot below his ear--"you left him tied to a lamppost."
"I'm gonna sleep with you."
Sherlock spent most of the walk up to Ravenclaw Tower contemplating ways to get into the Gryffindor common room. Even if he wasn’t going to do it tonight, it was good to have ideas for future reference. By the time the knocker was asking him some ridiculous question about swallows, he had already come up with seven different plans, ranging from climbing in a window to camouflaging himself with a Disillusionment Charm.
“Oi!”
If that seems crazy, I don't care. I like the idea of posting the Christmas season with its events at least close to the date that they occur. Plus I'm excited to see you guys more often over the next month!
rub your eyes."
Sherlock gasped, and then groaned. His hips stuttered upward, threatening to hit John in the nose, so he dug his elbows lightly into the flesh of Sherlock's inner thighs to keep him down. It worked, and Sherlock seemed to enjoy it even more than he'd expected. His legs pressed upward against John's elbows over and over, and each time they did, Sherlock let out a moan that seemed a bit louder than the others.
As John pulled on a pair of Sherlock’s pyjamas—a little tight, but worth it for the idea alone—he remarked, “Is this just a way to get me into your clothes?”
“Don’t,” Sherlock commanded, but it was shadowed by a hidden plea.
“Perhaps I’ll have to change the locks again,” Sherlock muttered, more to himself than to John.
“Ice cream,” Sherlock answered for him again, before he noticed the expression on his brother’s face and shot at him, “Come on, Mycroft, don’t get your knickers in a twist because that’s another loss for cake.”
. Just don’t expect me to fix all of his mistakes.”
"As soon as you finish eating."
"Ta."
Sherlock glared at him for a long while before muttering, "All right."
“Oh, is that what you were doing? Helping me with my essay? Why not actually help instead of shouting?”
“Don’t you have to take the kiddies to the dormitories?”
Sherlock snickered.
Of course he’d been ignoring Moriarty, John thought. He hadn’t done anything of note since their return to school. Still, Sherlock failed to point this out, which was cause for concern. After a moment, John realized that Sherlock still hadn’t said anything. If Sherlock wasn’t taunting this maniac about being too boring to bother with, then…
