While Dean melted into the touch, drowning himself in the softness that Castiel offered to him, the Omega’s other hand was approaching the back of the Alpha’s neck. One by one, Castiel’s fingers imprinted against his skin. The Alpha felt a switch being turned on, his Alpha instincts were proudly preening at him:
. What the hell was the Alpha doing? This was wrong, spying on the Omega like this, watching the Omega getting undressed without even asking for consent.
And before the Alpha could even process what was happening, the Omega was on his tippy toes, pressing the softest of kisses against the corner of Dean’s mouth.
Dean turned to face Castiel’s home, the Alpha was readying himself to go and knock on the door. Was this a wise choice? Probably not. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if the Omega told him to go fuck himself while slamming the door in his face. But the pain weighing on his chest was too much to bear, the Alpha just needed one chance, one opportunity to show that he wasn’t a total douchebag.
Sam and Dean heard their mother’s shout, turning just in time to see an Alpha hitting Castiel across the face. “
The Omega’s hair seemed fluffy, benign, and silky like the spinning of an exquisitely rare thread made into fabric that was polished and given to the gods in the sky. The darkness of the Omega’s hair was stunning, Dean could only imagine the sweet way of embracing death by drowning himself amongst the Omega’s blackened river of mysterious strands.
Why was his mind blanking out on him?! Then, mentally bending over and letting out a relieved sigh, the Alpha remembered that he bought two bouquets of flowers for the Omega.
Bobby frowned. “Well, even though you didn’t spend enough time with us. Let us spoil you for a bit. This is the best diner in all of Lawrence, Kansas and the waitress here is —“
nicely and the rooms that were available to Sam and Dean’s line of sight were spacious and immaculately clean.
The Alpha tore his eyes open, a mixture of feelings flitting across them. Dean was torn between protesting Castiel’s departure and making himself a fool by saying that he was clingy as fuck and he didn’t want the Omega to leave him. The Alpha was afraid to let him go, mostly because Dean wasn’t sure when he’d be able to hold Castiel in his arms again.
Rufus came closer to the younger Alpha. “The waitress here is a goddamn angel. This Omega is what you call a nice cup of refreshing water. Boy, I would have loved to have mixed my chocolate with his vanilla goodness. Best believe, our litter of pups would have been gorgeous.”
The Alpha felt empowered when he noticed the Omega’s lower lip trembling uncontrollably. “You’re so pathetic, Cas. You’re just a slut waiting to be — “
Rowena covered her face in pure disbelief, taking a deep breath and showing the request they received for Sam and Dean’s services. “Dearies, either both of you are stupid little lambs who know nothing or you haven’t slept with enough men to know who this family is. The Novak’s are one of the richest and most powerful families in all of Lawrence, Kansas. And when I say rich, I mean,
Standing up straight and fixing their ties, Dean and Sam were ready to get this interview over with when the most beautiful creature entered their dad’s office.
And it would’ve been perfect, the sight of the Omega’s pupils being dilated along with the red flush making Castiel’s skin glow brighter with every passing second. The Alpha, aroused with carnal urges, his features becoming darker by the ever-pulling sensuality that made Dean want to take the Omega as his rightful mate.
To affect the Alpha even further, Castiel timidly dipped his finger into the perfectly formed whipped cream flower designs that decorated the pie and sucked his finger clean, looking up at Dean with a cute smile on his face. “Like it?”
Although Sam was currently living in dorms, he often visited Dean as much as he could because the Alpha enjoyed the rare moments of brotherly love he shared with Dean. On Saturday, Sam and Dean went out for drinks, getting wasted and having a good time. On Sunday, they went to a diner and ordered burgers — of course, Sam ordered a veggie burger — catching up with one another and talking about life.
An Alpha hiding behind curtains and creepily — but in a sweet and protective way — watching an Omega and not just a simple Omega but — Dean could feel his throat thickening in pure disgust at the word burning through his tongue — a
The Alpha felt his heart aching; if Castiel stood a bit more closer to him, he’d be able to hear the steady and melancholy beats of Dean’s broken heart. It physically hurt the Alpha to hear the Omega talk this way, to deem himself unworthy and unimportant. It was almost as if Castiel had made peace with dying at the hands of Lucifer, knowing damn well that even if he died, nobody would care.
to pulling back and punching through the window, breaking the glass and hurting himself even further. But at the last second, Dean reeled himself back even though the calling of being self destructive was hard to silence.
The Alpha picked himself up from the floor, faltering in his steps as he approached the bedroom door. Dean, already feeling his vision going blurry, reached for the doorknob and slammed it shut, fingers shaking as he turned the lock. Dean rested his forehead against the cool door, sighing in relief, for his body kept getting hotter and hotter.
Although pride and ego cascaded through the upcoming generations of the Novak family like melted lava seeping through black volcanic ash, they had certain projections to live up to. It was well-known that the Novak family possessed a great number of single bachelors who were never interested in rent boys.
While shaking hands, Dean — in a dominating Alpha manner — brought Castiel’s wrist to his lips, gently ghosting his hot breath over the Omega’s pale skin and leaving behind a soft kiss, never once taking his eyes off of Castiel. “Nice to meet you, gorgeous.”
Inch by inch, the Alpha’s cock was being swallowed by Castiel’s pink and puckered hole. The Omega felt himself being torn apart in the most delicious ways possible. Dean possessively turned Castiel’s face towards him, wolfishly flashing his canines. The Omega screamed in a high-pitched moan when he felt the Alpha’s heavily thick cock splitting him in half, painfully stretching him apart and hotly burning through the tight walls that made Castiel pass for a virgin when Dean let out a satisfied growl, finally bottoming out.
Rufus gave a charming smile to Castiel before releasing the Omega’s hand and smacking the back of Dean’s head. “Are you jealous that Castiel likes me better than you?”
Lucifer threw himself into a fit of laughter. “Nice argument, green eyes. Come on, Castiel, we’re leaving.”
The Omega was furiously blushing, speechless at the obscene remark when Sam appeared beside Dean, pushing his older brother to the side and only hearing a string of curse words slipping from Dean’s mouth as the Alpha basically rammed himself into a leather chair.
Jack released the Omega, lifting his hand and eagerly waving goodbye as he went down the steps. Castiel curiously eyed the Omega boy, smiling to himself and wondering how he managed to become friends with Jack. The Omega waved goodbye before closing the door, taking a deep breath and walking towards the kitchen.
Gabriel looked at Dean for a while before his eyes came to rest on Sam, it was painfully obvious that Gabriel wanted Sam and without really asking for it, Dean had to witness his younger brother eye fucking Gabriel.
pretty features. This was the most beautiful Omega Dean has ever laid eyes on; the stark contrast of the Omega’s ebony hair with his snow-colored skin was the closest resemblance to an angel Dean has ever encountered.
Dean didn’t even get to take a step forward when Sam was pulling him back, wrapping his arms around Dean’s chest and holding him still. “I already told you, Dean. I’m not letting you go down there and start a fight with someone who might be important to Cas.”
Can you for once not be a smart ass and just stay over one more night. We can go to the bars… chat it up with some Omegas and get you laid. Let’s get that Alpha virginity status changed.”
Omega still lying on the floor, bleeding and left uncared for? Did that asshole even help him up? Dean already knew the answer to that question and
Bobby sighed, starting to head back to work on the car he was fixing. “I hope that boy knows what he’s doing.”
, Dean wanted an everlasting relationship with him, one that would slowly grow and blossom into the creation of pups, all boys of course, the Alpha always was a fanatic of having Alpha children but if he bared Omega and Beta pups, he’ll still be ecstatic.
Well, welcome to Lawrence. I’m sure you’ll love it here. Since you’re new into town, you must not know a lot of people yet, are you doing anything after this?
This was Dean’s chance, the nerve wrecking impulse of checking on the Omega and making sure that he was okay after last night was finally being given to him.
There was a point where the Omega couldn’t kiss the Alpha back, the amount of pleasure building inside him was too much to handle. Castiel’s mouth formed an ‘
But for the time being, Dean could do this. Call it a night of redecoration. It was a plan, the Alpha needed to do this right now because Dean had to prove to himself that no matter how destructive he was, there was always a choice of repairing everything he managed to break. And if he did fix everything to his liking, then there was hope for him at becoming a better Alpha.
Sam snorted, shaking his head. “Is it so wrong that I want to share my first time with someone I actually care about? Like dude, its not in me to chase after Omegas and having one-night stands with them. And then dumping their asses the next day and repeating the cycle all over again. That’s not me, that’s you.”
The doctor was gasping, “The head is out. Okay, Mr. Winchester. I need you to give me one last big push and this will all be over.”
silly stupid me. You’re no different than the rest of them. Was it fun playing with me? Did you enjoy seeing me cry and laughing at how pathetic I am? Is that what got you off?”
Dean was feeling the treacherous pull of the slippery slope that consumed an Alpha’s mind during times like these; the urgent
Garth and Castiel screamed in happiness, both jumping in joy while Garth took the opening chance of slapping Castiel’s perfectly ripe ass. “Dude, you have a fucking job!”
The Alpha was grimly stomping towards his Baby, grouchily ripping open the car door and sliding into his leather seat, turning the key and bringing the engine to life. Dean was tired of everything, he didn’t want to know about the existence of anyone, if the world was about to end at this very moment; he’d gladly sit back, pop open a cold beer, and watch anime porn because why the fuck not.
Gabriel groaned unpleasantly at the amount of green piled on his plate. “Cassie boo, what the hell is this?”
Just only a few seconds ago, his bedroom was a den of safety and peace. Now, the Alpha felt the comforting space blurring into a static room, where windows and doors were nonexistent. Dean could feel himself becoming claustrophobic, the walls closing in on him and the space around him becoming smaller and smaller.
This was a cruel punishment. Castiel knew this, the Omega was amongst those who reached the simple goal of being happy. Something he could never have, something he didn’t know how to covet, and certainly something that wasn’t meant for him. Basic living necessities were at the tip of his fingers, the closest thing to heaven he’ll ever know.
Mating with a human Omega was forbidden in the Winchester family but god, how Sam wished his future mate was a gorgeous human Omega. That alone would give him enough reason to run away, to leave behind the toxic opinions of his family and live a life where he could breathe on his own. But like all fairytales, those stories never came true.
Dean became feral; his muscles were tensing, his hands were balling into fists, his teeth were morphing into lethal canines, the sharpness of his canines were enough to cause fatal wounds if Dean decided to rip out the Alpha’s throat with them, something he’s itching to do right now, and the suffocating scent of enraged madness was permeating throughout his bedroom.
Castiel became flustered, rubbing the back of his neck and stumbling on his own words. “That’s a nice offer but — I have work to do.”
Dean smirked, taking off the clear plastic wrapping and readying his fork to taste the banana cream pie first. “Do you bake a lot, Cas?”
Both Alphas smiled at each other; Dean waited for Sam to get into his car and waved goodbye to the younger Alpha. Sam gave a small nod, taking one last glance at the house next door.
Dean smirked, either go big or go home. But aside from how big his cock was, it was becoming inevitable now. The Alpha knew what he wanted, it was simple, he wanted sex. Dean wanted to
The Omega squeaked as John took in a rosy pink nub into his mouth, suckling on the thick nipple. The taste of Castiel was driving the Alpha insane, John was rolling the rosebud over his tongue and taking the nipple in between his teeth, nipping the insanely sensitive nub and pulling at the gorgeous nipple that kept fattening against his tongue.
It wasn’t getting any better with the scent of sulfur hanging in the air, imprinting itself through Dean’s nostrils, forcing him to
The Alpha made up his mind, he was going to claim Castiel’s mouth and no way in hell, was anyone going to stop him.
Even to this day, Dean convinced himself of being a monstrous human that inherited the unspeakable traits of brutality that naturally came to him, one that he couldn’t control, even if he did try. It was no doubt that biologically he adopted this grotesque anger from his father; the constant beatings, the heavy responsibility placed onto him when he was simply a child, the pressure of being exactly like his father, and suppressing every injection of pain in order to make things easier for his little brother.
Dean — already thinking this was a bad idea — anxiously reached for the Omega’s hands, preparing himself in case Castiel rejected him but to his complete surprise, the Omega didn’t pull away from him. “Hi.”
The news concerning the death of Castiel’s husband would be delivered to the Omega the very next day.
the Alpha was like a chicken with no head, no sense of direction, how fucking depressing was that. Maybe Dean should hold the Omega’s plush hips again. Maybe Castiel should be flush against his body, maybe he should reciprocate how badly he wanted this.
Omega to represent her loveliness. Even then, Greek goddesses couldn’t compare to this Omega. Sorry Busty Asian Beauties, but even their full and round breasts — along with their cute pussies — couldn’t beat the Omega’s pure and saint-like beauty.
but growled when he noticed Castiel’s ass being perfectly accentuated with the tight fabric leaving very little to the imagination. “Our mom’s ass is the finest creation on earth. Second being pie.”
Castiel remained silent, terrified of facing the Alpha, trying and failing horribly to meet those tempting green eyes.
All those lustful sensations were vibrating through his naked body, the Alpha looked down at his cock and
Castiel was breathing out choppy breaths, the Omega was silently thanking Sam for the opportunity to breathe without the Winchesters enclosing themselves around him and letting the Omega suffocate to death.
With a ravenous grunt, Dean passionately kissed the Omega while snapping his hips, pounding Castiel so good that the Omega was gorgeously wrecked. Each thrust was violent and intense, Castiel was constantly jerked forward, his nipples rubbing against the mattress while his insanely cute balls were getting beaten by Dean’s fatter ones.
Dean gave his younger brother a deadly stare, a raging yet mischievous sparkle in his green eyes. “Challenging me, Sammy?”
It seemed ridiculous, falling apart over the words that spilled from Dean’s mouth but the thing was, the Omega
Dean was currently working on a car engine, humming to Metallica while bobbing his head to the song, being extremely goofy.
Castiel snarled through his teeth, taking a few steps back only to have Dean take a few steps forward. “I think I’ll be doing… work.”
The two boys stayed quiet for a bit until Dean spoke up again. “I think it’s illegal how hot our mom looks in his work uniform.”
Castiel wiped away the trail of tears pouring down his cheeks, growling defensively. “And let me tell you something else, yes, Lucifer abuses and rapes me. And if you think that I should just take it with no complaints, then you’re assuming that getting raped is super fun. Well guess what, news flash, it’s not. And if you’re so keen on believing that getting raped is amazing, why don’t you try it yourself and let me know if its as fun as you think it is.”
If, a Winchester mated with a human or angel, the Winchester bloodline would be tarnished, tainted, and soiled. This act of rebellion would end in death of the two traitors who decided to poison the Winchester bloodline.
The veil of blackness intertwined with lust was gone from Castiel’s eyes, he seemed panicked and it was the cutest thing Dean has ever seen. “Who are you?”
Still holding Chuck’s hand, Dean gave a frisky smile and purred out, “It’s nice to meet you as well. So, how do you want us, daddy?”
The smaller man stuck out his hand and smiled at them, “Please, call me Chuck. It’s nice to meet you boys.”
Castiel has never felt himself being out of control like this, especially with another person that he desperately wanted to take upstairs and fuck their brains out.
Yeah, pathetic, Castiel knew. From a young age, the Omega had a rebellious spark, it flamed with bright red colors and stung like the sharpest blade every created. But after 18 years of being abused, raped, beaten, and used. Well… that dangerous spark eventually died and nothing else remained besides taking every beating with no complaint.
Broken lamp: scattered glass pieces have been swept up and thrown into a plastic bag, replaced with a newer lamp. Check.
The sight alone would make Sam and Dean go into a painful rut. And the Omega’s body was perfect; slim torso, curvaceous hips, long lean legs, and a plump ass that needed to be covered with bite marks. The thought of Castiel naked, tender, open, wet, and ready for Sam and Dean’s cock was making both Alphas snarl with carnivorous hunger.
The Omega instantly detected traces of wood, bold and exotic. Castiel could smell sandalwood being crushed into fine powder, awakening a sexual desire that made him instantly wet. And
mate. The scent alone was enough proof for the Alpha to know that the person he’d fuck everyday and treasure for the rest of his life… was
Yes, it was a misogynistic Alpha belief. But Dean couldn’t be blamed for feeling something that was biologically embedded into his basic and primal instincts. After the agonizing torture of having his hands submerged under water, the Alpha no longer snarled at the white-hot pain spreading through his hands, instead there was a moment when Dean became absolutely numb.
After the twenty-minute drive from the repair shop to his house, the Alpha parked Baby on the driveway. Dean was fuming ferociously when he exited the car, shutting the car door behind him with an extreme force that caused Baby to shake from side to side. The Alpha headed straight towards the front door, resentfully looking for his keys.
Though Bobby and Rufus had to admit that seeing the Alpha advancing onto them like they were Dean’s enemies was completely terrifying and there was a high possibility that Bobby and Rufus peed in their pants for a hot second when Dean was
Dean was a victim of Cupid, fucking love at first sight! And here was Sammy, moving in on his Omega. The older Alpha was right here,
were obligated — no, more like demanded — to wear perfectly fitted suits. Crowley was a man of business and no way in hell, was a rent boy to appear slutty with old rags clinging to their skin. Crowley had style, so was it really too much to ask that his rent boys reflected his style of stunning suits and expensive shoes.
John snarled predatorily as he chased after Castiel’s mouth, the Alpha hurriedly reached down and tore the bottom half of the Omega’s romper into pieces. Then John’s hand traveled up Castiel’s back and landed on the Omega’s messy raven hair. The Alpha grabbed a handful of them, harshly pulling back the Omega’s head and exposing Castiel’s unclaimed throat.
The Alpha gently slipped his hands away from Castiel’s grip, using the palm of his hands to caress and cup the Omega’s cheeks, while staring deeply into the Omega’s ridiculously ocean blue eyes. “Cas.”
From a distance, the sound of a car entering the garage was audible enough that Gabriel began to jump up and down. “Speaking of the fucking devil, Cassie is here!”
“Has it escaped your stupid little mind that you’re mated to a guy who beats you for fun. But then again, that could be your thing, right Cas. Letting your mate hurt you because like every Omega, they deserve to be beaten and maybe to a point, you like Lucifer hurting you. Is that what you like Cas? Alphas humiliating you, treating you like a filthy whore because that’s what you were made to be.”
if Dean would have dressed up a bit more nicely, maybe this entire situation wouldn’t be a total disaster. Well, fuck it. The Alpha was here and he wasn’t going to let go of the only opportunity he had of meeting the Omega that plagued his thoughts every four seconds. Dean took a deep breath and rung the door bell,
“Would you like to be my best friend?” Jack asked innocently as he carried two of the grocery bags that were not as heavy as the ones Castiel was carrying.
Yeaahhh, no that wasn’t going to work. But Dean couldn’t just stand there like a speechless idiot, he needed to say something.
The Omega leaned forward, grabbing a cherry tomato from Gabriel’s salad and popping it into his mouth. “I also left recommendations on your desk, those who should be promoted and those who need a little more training.”
Gabriel released his father, stepping closer to the Winchesters and looking up at the two big men before him. “Dad, can I choose who gets to fuck me?”
Castiel looked back at the Winchester Company, eyeing the top floor and purring at the lingering Winchester scent imprinted onto his skin. “The things I’m about to tell you are gonna blow your friggin’ brains out.”
Sam gave a charming smile, leaning down to kiss the Omega’s knuckles. Castiel was as red as a tomato, the Omega was momentarily lost in the Alpha’s eyes when Dean pulled Sam back, ripping his younger brother away from Castiel. The Omega instantly hated the loss of Sam’s warm body against his when Dean replaced it with his own warmth and
Dean unclenched his canines from Castiel’s scent gland, blood was dripping down his chin. The Omega let out a needy whine, pushing himself further into the Alpha and desperately fucking the cock in between his ass cheeks.
“No need to explain, kid. Totally understand. Um, by the way, what time are you guys heading out tomorrow?”
Rufus directed his gaze to Dean and snorted. “Well, I guess sleeping beauty finally woke the fuck up! Boy, get your ass in here and work on those four cars before I slap the shit out of you.”
Then another wave of pain tore through Dean’s body, the Alpha fell to the ground, savagely gripping the carpet and finding the idea of shredding the carpet into pieces, very appealing. But without really paying attention to his actions, Dean was desperately sniffing the carpet, burying his nose deeply into the scratchy fabric and growling in displeasure.
Castiel could feel his mouth watering, a high-pitched moan escaping his lips. The following scent made the Omega tremble with desperate
Sam gave a chuckle of victory, fixing his suit and standing up to his full height, making Dean roll his eyes. “Why thank you, Chuck. If your son does choose me, I promise to meet all his expectations.”
The Omega’s breaths were coming in quick pants, Dean growled uncontrollably as he cupped Castiel’s cheek. The Alpha nearly lost his head when the Omega guided his other hand underneath his sweater, Dean immediately fastened his fingers onto Castiel’s fleshy hip. The Omega mewled, the sound was virginal and shy, but Castiel bared his neck to the Alpha and oh boy.
The Alpha felt himself becoming lost in the sapphire swirls of icy blue flames, a refuge where he felt for the first time, as if he actually belonged there.
The Alpha slammed the Omega against the car, shoving himself into the Omega’s face and harshly whispering unheard threats that failed to reach Dean’s ears. The Alpha had the absolute balls to shove the Omega against the car again, this time harder. Dean managed to catch a few words of anger escaping the Alpha’s mouth, something about the angelic Omega exiting the car without his permission and how later on today, the Omega will get what he deserves.
Jesus Christ, his voice was like sex on a stick, caramel cubes melting on his tongue, a sweet symphony that made every muscle in Dean’s body tremble.
Castiel was whining beautifully, pushing his ass against the Alpha’s cock, becoming needy and desperate. “
The first gulp of the Omega’s scent was reeking of holiness and purity. It was impossible for Dean to hold back his impulses any longer. The Alpha opened his mouth, feeling the burn of his breath seeping into Castiel’s skin, causing a wave of goosebumps to break out beautifully. Dean placed his lips against the Omega’s scent gland, surrounding the patch of skin with his mouth and sucking lightly.
Gabriel smiled cockily, taking the compliment and walking away with the grace of a king. “That’s because uncle Gabriel is the baddest baddie to exist. Now, I’m going to work in my office and you boys better fucking take care of your mom or I swear to God I’m beating both of your asses! And I swear to fucking God Cassie bear, if you don’t speak up the next time this happens, I will slap the hell outta you.”
But the Alpha hoped that the pain would be less in the morning. Dean began to put away the first aid kit, clearing the kitchen island from any evidence of blood-stained towels or blood-stained cotton balls. After putting everything away, the Alpha miserably walked up the stairs, entered his bedroom and gracelessly face planted into the mattress.
Pride was rolling off of Castiel’s shoulders, he always did like it when Dean praised him. The nurses who were still in their room, gave Castiel disturbed looks before excusing themselves. The Omega didn’t care. Dean released his mother’s nipple with a wet
perfect Omega, so small and shy, with the biggest booty on the block, and the dreamiest set of big blue eyes.
the sight before Dean was illegal. Castiel was wearing tight black jeans, an even tighter white dress shirt, black dress shoes, and his adorable trench coat.
Castiel walked towards the kitchen, hearing from a distance how all three men were excited to being married to the Omega. Though after eating their breakfast, the old men would wave Castiel goodbye and then the next day, they’d forget about their wedding with the Omega and ask Castiel to marry them all over again.
Jack was positively scared of the Alpha right now but Dean was his friend, he wasn’t going to let the Alpha become a bad person. “Dean,
the Alpha chuckled nervously and looked everywhere besides the naked Omega. “You’re not real. You’re not here. I’m losing my goddamn mind.”
Dean growled at Castiel’s boldness, the Alpha surged forward and placed his massively large hands over the Omega’s voluptuous hips. Dean lifted Castiel’s tucked in shirt and buried his fingers into Castiel’s skin, leaving behind bruises and indecently red handprints. The Alpha made himself comfortable in the residency of Castiel’s warm thighs.
Listen to me very closely, Mr Winchester. This will be the last time we will ever see or talk to each other again. I never want to see you again as long as I live. Just stay away from me. You already hurt me, isn’t that what you wanted? Isn’t that enough?”
to know that the Omega was okay at such an early time, even though it was eating him alive not knowing if the blue-eyed beauty was extremely hurt from last night.
Dean surged forward, shoving Lucifer back with a forceful push to the Alpha’s chest and growling in the older man’s face. “You shut your fucking mouth, you son of a bitch.”
In all of Castiel’s years, never has the Omega ever laid eyes upon the earth’s most beautiful creature. The Alpha stepping out of the house was equivalent to perfection, his aggressive yet seductive manner that defied the normalized standards of what a typically strong and potent Alpha should look like made Lucifer look weak and nowhere near this Alpha’s rank.
close to being mean and hateful with Castiel; offending the Omega, calling Castiel derogatory names, anything that could possibly hurt the Omega and force Castiel to leave for good.
The kiss was sloppy and perfect, the Alpha smirked against their kiss as he felt the Omega trying to keep up with his pace. Dean was tasting every corner of Castiel’s mouth, licking his way inside and easily stating his dominance over the Omega’s mouth. The Alpha rumbled in pleasure as Castiel remained compliant and submissive, taking every kiss with a muffled whimper.
good mood. Even Bobby and Rufus noticed Dean’s joyful demeanor, it was like staring at the sun, blinding and incandescent. Nothing seemed to bother Dean. Whenever Bobby or Rufus yelled at him, the Alpha would simply grin and get whatever job they wanted done in a jiffy.
The Omega could feel the heat of Dean’s breath against his mouth, minty and irresistible. “Even so, it’ll be a waste of your time.”
Castiel to be here with him. Compared to all the whores he’s fucked on the block, his sweet angel — definitely not a whore because considering Cas as a whore would be like committing a war crime — was by far the prettiest, cutest, and sexiest Omega he’s ever known. The Alpha’s mind was plagued by the thought of Castiel;
Dean rolled his eyes. “They always are. Alright, I’ll go see them. Come on, Cas. See ya later, Garth.”
the Alpha has been parched. During his rut, Dean didn’t even have the opportunity to drink water or eat anything, for the small periods of resting after popping a knot, were about two minutes. And the Alpha knew that two minutes wasn’t enough time to run downstairs, raid his fridge, sprint up the stairs, eat, and then fuck into the mattress again.
Castiel began to walk backwards, his lower back making contact with the workbench across the room. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to touch you.”
The Alpha barely caught it, the silent prayer dripping from Castiel’s lips, only to be heard by Dean’s ears. “Thank you, Dean.”
And that’s when the Alpha realized something, for an entire hour, Dean hadn’t noticed the turbulence of chaos that ruined his room. Of course, the Alpha knew it was his fault but that offered him a chance at redemption, Dean could fix everything he broke. In truth, the Alpha would rather be next door, comforting the Omega and kissing away his tears while tending to the Omega’s wounds.
“Right, I forget that Lucifer is the ultimate sweetheart and you guys make up the perfect couple. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, right? You take your place as the trophy wife and he takes the place of being the loving mate who devotes every waking moment to you. But there’s something I don’t get, so humor me, if you will.”
see you anywhere near Cas again; I will hunt you down, torture you, kill everyone you love and then burn you alive.”
The Alpha, without any class or style, stabbed the banana cream pie with the fork, getting a huge piece of pie and drowning it with the soft swirl of whipped cream. Dean lifted the fork towards his lips, already, the Alpha could feel his mouth salivating. Dean slowly brought the piece of pie into his mouth, clasping his lips around the fork and moaning out an orgasmic sound when the pie began to melt against his tongue.
Sam and Dean were bubbling with red hot anger, their pheromones were spilling by the gallon. The entire diner smelt of hatred and bitterness. All these insults towards Castiel were like adrenaline pumping into Sam and Dean’s veins, they wanted to hurt the Alpha and both boys were surging forward to help uncle Gabriel when Castiel pulled them back.
Speaking of the angel, Castiel appeared at their table with a cute grin on his angelic face. “Bobby! Rufus!”
all the Alphas who were exactly him, the Omega didn’t deserve to be preyed on and he certainly wasn’t a piece of meat waiting to be pulled apart. Every cruel Alpha in Castiel’s life has been nothing more than a predatory black leech that has thrived on the Omega’s suffering, leaving him bloodless and damaged.
Finally, time decided to be fast but not fast enough, because even though it was fucking 5 am in the damn morning, the Alpha decided that sleeping again was pointless and stupid, besides, he was awake already. Dean got up from his bed, stumbling towards the shower. After washing up and re-bandaging his knuckles, the Alpha decided to wear a worn-out grey t-shirt, jeans stained with grease, and brown boots.
Immediately, Castiel flinched, pulling away from the Alpha’s touch and whining softly, taking deep breaths as he felt the liquid burning through his injured cut.
swallowing down the Omega’s cock would be for another day, right now, the Alpha wasn’t in the mood for foreplay.
Dean couldn’t take this anymore, the Alpha wasn’t meant to be a sitting duck, he needed to move, he needed to hunt down this Omega and claim the gorgeous piece of angelic cake that was waiting to be bitten by his sharp canines, which were pushing past his gums and making his mouth bleed. The Alpha stood at his full height, ignoring Bobby’s protests while the Alpha rested his large hand on Bobby’s shoulder, using the older Alpha as a stepping stool to scent the air properly.
Gabriel immediately ran towards the back door, leaving Chuck and Dean standing beside one another. “I am sorry about my son, he’s very energetic and he’s been trying to get Castiel laid for years.”
Each pup would adopt the Omega’s eyes but bear Dean’s strength and good looks, yet the Alpha was getting ahead of himself, there was always time to dream about the Omega being fully pregnant and carrying Dean’s pups.
Sam quickly grabbed the back of Dean’s collar and pulled him away from the living room, roughly whispering. “Don’t touch anything. Just because we’re staying here for an entire week doesn’t mean we can touch whatever we want. This family is paying us a shit ton of money to be here, so, be respectful of their house and have some manners.”
it with a passion. The Alpha went towards the AC located at the corner of his bedroom, turning it on and putting it on the coldest setting. That didn’t help much but it was better than before.
As if being abruptly awoken by a horrible nightmare, Dean was being slapped across the face. The hit was sharp and excruciatingly painful. The dosage of pain spreading across his cheek was enough to shake away the venomous traces of his Alpha instincts that were now silenced. The Alpha felt like himself again, he didn’t feel poisoned by the primitive instincts that controlled him only just now.
It was a sight Castiel wasn’t used to. The Omega found it strange when his eyes witnessed the definition of what a typical family should look like; multiple pups that were the spitting images of their parents, a loving mate who adored their partner, the white picket fence house that screamed of stability, and true happiness spilling by the bottle.
Dean angrily faced his younger brother, his eyes were wild and savage, a deep and furious growl ripped through his throat as he said through gritted teeth, “
Dean wished that the Omega knew that the pain he was going through, wasn’t only his pain, it was Dean’s pain as well. If he could, he’d take every ounce of that pain and bury it deep inside his heart, Dean was willing to take every beating and abuse given to the Omega. Dean was happy to bear scars, anything but to have the Omega go through this alone.
That sounded like heaven, being in a room where a human soul — flayed and skinned — was torn apart and all anyone could see, were white walls covered in crimson red and the notion of a massacre was written with the flesh of Lucifer being scattered in every inch of that room. But as much as the Alpha wanted to drown himself into the pit of darkness embedded into his biology, Dean needed to keep it together.
The Alpha slowly began to walk back towards his house, sighing angrily before kicking open the front door. Dean could feel it now, the aching palpitations of his angered heart beating painfully against his skull. Even that wasn’t enough pain for him, the Alpha deserved a lot worse.
Castiel smiled dreamily, blue eyes twinkling as the sound of his laughter warmed Dean’s heart. The Alpha could feel himself falling into a trance, the mere sight of the Omega’s soft and pouty lips curling beautifully made Dean’s mouth go dry. Castiel ducked his head, hiding the contours of his fair skin as he curled into himself, his laughter almost lost to the Alpha’s ears.
What kind of an Alpha summons a beautiful Omega like Cas to a place where he can be eaten alive by other demons? You practically offered Cas as bait and thanks to me, I managed to reach him before anybody else could hurt him. These territories belong to us and if you were smart enough to know that, you wouldn’t have left Cas alone.”
The Omega turned at the sound of the husky voice making his skin crawl — in the best ways possible — and smiled like a dork, he’s only heard this line so many times. “Hi there.”
Today was a Wednesday, usually Castiel and Garth slept in during Wednesday’s. Or at least they did when Castiel’s phone became to buzz against the wooden nightstand accompanied by the loudest ringtone on earth, a sound that pierced through their ears.
The Omega perked up at Dean’s voice, pushing himself away from the car and displaying the most heavenly smile that put every angel in heaven to shame.
The Omega gave a resigned sigh. “He was rough with me; he touched my bottom and pressed his… thing against me and tried to kiss me.”
Dean, on pure instinct, pressed the palm of his hand against the Omega’s chest, keeping Castiel close to him and roughly biting through the Omega’s scent gland again, this time pushing his canines deeper into Castiel’s flesh and rightfully claiming the Omega. The Alpha could taste Castiel’s blood on his tongue, sweet and innocent.
“See that’s where you’re wrong, Sammy. Unlike you, I’m a true man. And I hate to break it to you but Cas would rather sleep with a true Alpha than someone like you. If Cas were given the chance, he’d fall onto his knees and suck me off, something he’d never do to an Alpha who doesn’t even have the balls to claim an Omega properly.”
Gabriel got up from his seat, cursing underneath his breath for barely reaching Dean’s shoulder even on his tippy toes. “Word of advice. Keep teasing Cassie and eventually he’ll break, and you better be ready for when he does.”
The Omega wasn’t very good with children — considering he’s never been around children before — so he went with easiest tie breaker and waved hello to them. The group of Omegas — three boys and two girls — smiled like love sick puppies at Castiel, excitingly waving back at him. The Omega could barely make out the soft voice of one Omega boy shouting, “
Dean couldn’t help but mention. “Uncle Gabe, do you have any idea how cool it was to see you beating the shit out of that asshole?”
The Omega stiffened at the request, blue eyes flitting across Dean’s features in fear, yet the option of pulling away from the Alpha was not even remotely considered. “Why?”
Dean didn’t miss the beautiful shiver manifesting across the Omega’s body, the Alpha smirked and bared his teeth, enjoying the way Castiel squirmed against his grip. Dean — the ever playboy — grazed his canines across the Omega’s scent gland, leaving behind an angry red scratch that palpitated with tiny droplets of blood.
The Omega felt the sharp pain against his scent gland, Castiel whined prettily through his voluptuous lips and the sound alone made Dean look up into the Omega’s eyes.
Castiel rested his temple against the Alpha’s cheek, slightly aware that Dean’s growling began to heighten in volume. “No, you’re not hurting me.”
The Omega breathed hotly against Dean’s scent gland, nuzzling into the Alpha’s cheek and lustfully moaning, “
Dean was a starved man, one step after another, the Alpha was getting closer and closer. Dean continued moving forward, heart beating against his throat until finally,
The Alpha felt relieved at not being able to see the stupid leather collar chaining the Omega down to a piece of shit Alpha like Lucifer. But then, Dean couldn’t help but stare into the Omega’s eyes, they were so
Castiel chuckled victoriously, winking at the Winchester brothers before exiting the office. An infectious smile was playing on his lips, he had a job!
That alone, made them even closer throughout the years. Sam smiled brightly at his friend, the Omega demon stood on his feet and gave the taller Alpha a major bear hug. Garth and Sam ordered a couple of drinks and began to chat about their lives, what’s been happening with them lately, and if any new gossip was worth the spill.
The Alpha could hear his instincts howling at the top of his lungs, scratching and fighting against his chest. Pushing Dean to
The idea of Castiel covered in Sam and Dean’s semen was too much for the Alpha boys to even think about; the mere thought of seeing their mother naked and ready, loose and wet, begging for their cocks to be inside the Omega and —
Dean looked at the house next door and yes, there was car parked in the driveway. “Good for you, Sammy. Want a cookie? You want me to shower you with affection because you spotted my new neighbors?”
The Novak house was stupendous, Sam and Dean were gawking from the window as they waited for the artfully carved marble gates to open. Once the gates were open, the house that Sam and Dean were going to stay in for an entire week was finally coming into view. The house was delicate in a sense that it reflected the structures of a doll house yet it radiated big dick energy with its enormity.
Occupying a small table in the back was an Omega rogue demon by the name of Garth. Sam and Garth have been friends since the beginning of high school. The two boys were inseparable. Sam always took a liking to Garth’s weird yet friendly behavior but the long-lasting friendship between the Omega and the Alpha was freely shared by having the same opinions concerning Omegas having free will.
Sam and Dean were hovering by the window, looking down at Castiel meeting with another person who must have been waiting for him, for the Omega brightened up immensely at seeing this apparently better person than the Winchesters. Both Alphas scoffed in displeasure when their sweet Omega jumped into the arms of another; Sam and Dean bared their teeth, preparing themselves to challenge their opponent for Castiel.
Castiel exited the Winchester Company, screaming excitedly at Garth’s unexpected appearance and ran to the end of the curb towards his best friend. Garth smiled brightly at Castiel’s infectiously good humor and without really expecting it, Castiel was jumping into Garth’s arms and if it wasn’t for Garth’s amazingly unfailing reflexes, they both would have fallen to the ground.
It was almost as if he was searching for something, something crucially important to him, something like a
The scent was becoming deliciously claustrophobic, the bare layers of nature was surrounding Castiel like a warm blanket and
Dean grabbed at the lapels of Lucifer’s jacket and began to punch the shit out of him. Everyone at the bar stayed quiet as they watched Dean bloodying his knuckles and tearing Lucifer’s face apart. Sam could hear the commotion on the other side of the bar, to his curiosity, Sam looked towards the two Alphas fighting each other when he caught sight of Dean throwing an unforgiving punch and knocking the other Alpha onto the ground.
Sam stood in front of Dean, noticing the slight tinge of red coloring Chuck’s cheeks. “Sorry about my brother, he’s the joke of the family and usually straightforward. Mr — Chuck, we received your request but we’re not sure who we’re pleasing in your family.”
That is, until the Omega let out a broken whine, unsteadily whispering against Dean’s mouth, “I have to go.”
Crowley was showered in affection and adoration by demons, his first and personal favorite creations from hell. The amount of devotion given to the Alpha king was just another wet stroke to Crowley’s overgrown ego. The family business was simple: send demons out onto the earth to make deals with humans and collect their souls as a bargain price.
The Alpha got up from his seat, crowding the Omega’s space and wrapping his arms around Castiel’s body.
As the Winchesters waited for someone to open the door, Dean and Sam began to tidy up their appearance. Sam was chosen to wear a burgundy suit, contrasting beautifully with a silky black dress shirt, ebony tie, and raven colored dress shoes. And for the cherry on top, the entire suit was tight against Sam’s body, leaving very little to the imagination.
Gabriel snorted. “You are the only waitress I want in my diner. That’s why you’re the highest paid employee here, though nobody knows that, right?”
John followed the family tradition; the Alpha married a wealthy Omega by the name of Mary Campbell and unexpectedly, fell madly in love with her. John and now Mary Winchester, bared two Alpha sons, Dean and Sam Winchester. Dean was the eldest while Sam was the youngest. When the two Alpha boys reached the age of 15, John introduced them to the company and prompted the boys to go to college, earn their degree in business and become co-presidents of The Winchester Company.
Castiel leaned against the marble counter, resting his elbows on the smooth surface while cutting a piece of pie with his fork. The Omega bashfully ate a piece of banana cream pie, aware that the Alpha was staring at him like he was the pie himself.
tempting to let go of all the chains holding him down and reveling in the glory of destroying everything again. Falling back into what he knew, hurting others, even if it was just furniture.
There were two beds next to the windows, they were probably king sized with newly fitted mattresses that seemed to be made of memory foam. Across the room, there were two wooden desks accompanied by a pair of dark blue chairs fabricated with velvet. As if the room couldn’t expand any more, there was a door at the end of the room that led towards the bathroom where a
But how can you become friends with someone like Dean, a horrible person who was bold enough to insult the Omega for his own pleasure. It became clear to Castiel that Dean saw him like any other Omega who has been stereotyped by society, a filthy race that consisted of cock hungry sluts who were only good enough to be bred and fucked by Alphas who loved playing with Omegas.
The Alpha leaned back, eyeing Castiel’s happy reaction at eating the small cherry tomato and shaking his head in disapproval. “Perfect. How about you, Cassie bear? Are you okay?”
There was another horrible epiphany haunting Sam’s consciousness, this Omega could be the Alpha’s potential mate and already Sam fucked up, the mere force he used to cage in Castiel, forcing the Omega to endure an incredibly uncomfortable situation was completely uncalled for.
Gabriel looked back at his father, wiggling his eyebrows and bouncing around like a fool. “You. Upstairs. Now. And Dean, man, you’re gorgeous and I’d love for you to pound the shit out of me, but you’re not really my type.”
Castiel nodded, satisfying Lucifer when the Alpha purposely shoved the Omega back, knocking the side of Castiel’s head against the glass window again. That was truly inevitable. Lucifer started the car again, driving at least half a mile before they reached Lawrence, Kansas, their new home.
The Omega bit into his lower lip, taking another step closer to Dean and holding onto the Alpha’s hands for his dear life. Dean wanted to say something soothing when suddenly, a scent was reaching his nose. It had never occurred to the Alpha that since he met Castiel, the Omega’s scent was never at Dean’s reach until now.
Dean walked towards Castiel, invading the man’s personal space again and hovering his lips over Castiel’s. “I didn’t get your name, hot stuff.”
Dean smirked. “Yes, we do. It’s always an honor to see young blood walking around these halls. But you. Oh,
Half of Dean’s rationality dealing with his Alpha instincts were howling at the opportunity to send the Omega away along with that
While giving back Castiel’s change, Jack looked up at the clock. “Well, my shift is about to end in four minutes. Do you mind waiting for me so we can walk together to your house? I’ll help you carry the groceries.”
to even think that he made Castiel cry because of the way he treated him, was definitely making the Alpha wish he were never born. “Hang out? Tomorrow? Where are you guys gonna go?”
The Omega didn’t respond, Castiel simply eyed him for a while, trying to look for the spark of malice that might be behind Dean’s reasoning, but the Omega sighed tiredly, looking down at his flowers and convincing himself that there was nothing off about the Alpha’s request. “Its odd, no one really asks me if I’m okay.”
While Sam was downing a salad made of kale and some other green shit, Dean was watching his younger brother from the bed with a look of disgust on his face. Dean never did understand the appeal for healthy meals. Dean was about to voice his opinions about Sam’s love affair with kale when a knock came to their door.
It was a sloppy relationship, quick, no strings attached and the Alpha was fine with that. It was easy to get in and out of, and before knowing Castiel, Dean would have invited an Omega over, laying down the rules and taking the Omega upstairs to enjoy a couple of days of raw fucking. But now the idea disgusted him, the Alpha didn’t want a slutty Omega taking his cock for kicks.
The Alpha slowly wiped the patches of dried blood with a clean cotton ball, thoroughly making sure that Castiel’s wounds were clean and not infected. Dean firstly began treating the horrible gnash found on the Omega’s temple, beginning his way from there and gradually making the journey all the way down to Castiel’s lips.
Castiel blushed furiously, pulling his wrist away from Dean and looking down at his drink. “Can I ask you something, Dean?”
Sam threw his hands up in abandoned defeat, being completely done with his older brother. “Dean, Castiel can talk to whoever he wants and what rights do we have to tell him otherwise?”
Bobby elbowed Rufus as they noticed the younger Alpha being reduced to a speechless idiot. “Son? Son.”
“I am aware that your boss, Crowley, has been interested in getting our family’s attention but as a man of business, I am not interested in sleeping with prostitutes, no offense, but apparently my son favors it. For that reason, I requested both of you and just by looking at you boys, I know Gabriel will favor you Sam.”
worried for the Omega next door. The Omega has been in his thoughts for more than five hours; some thoughts were dark, others were sweet. Flashes of the Alpha hurting the Omega was causing Dean to lose his temper, pushing Dean to punch through the walls of his home and creating various holes with a trail of powdered dust.
Chuck — bless his heart — immediately reached out and saved him from falling onto his ass. Gabriel, on the other hand, the sly bastard, was smirking at Dean’s reaction and his smirk became a wicked smile as he noticed how shell shocked his little brother looked. The silence continued between Dean and Castiel, and it wasn’t until then that Dean decided to actually check the guy out.
Castiel was well out of sight by the time the Alpha reached the end of the sidewalk, chaotically shouting the Omega’s name until his voice became hoarse and scratchy. “
Dean’s thrusts were short and fast, hard and punishing. Castiel kept moaning, the slapping sound of their skin meeting one another with every thrust was music to the Alpha’s ears. The Omega’s cock was bobbing back and forth, the head sporting a cherry red color and the wet patch of pre-cum was staining through the sheets below.
The Alpha looked back at the Omega when Castiel seductively dug his knees into the mattress, arching his back and crawling towards Dean on all fours. Castiel’s movements were slow and teasing, kitten-like and so fucking hot. The Omega’s blue eyes glimmered whenever the starlight rays of the moon bounced over his irises.
What felt like years to Dean, were actually mere hours for the stars along with the moon to appear in the night sky. Night was crawling through the neighborhood; families were inside their homes sharing a home cooked meal while making dinner conversation. Dean, on the other hand, was pacing through his house like a caged in animal.
Luckily, the Omega’s petite cabin which was located in a quiet area amongst the forest trees was only twenty minutes away, a small gift given to the Omega by his older Alpha brother, Gabriel. Castiel managed to reach the diner, joining the chaotic rush of employees cleaning tables, rearranging chairs, prepping the kitchen, placing a menu on every table, and making the diner exceptionally perfect for their boss.
Sam was disgusted with himself, it took every ounce of him to not vomit at his own actions, the Alpha was responsible for disrespecting the Omega and Sam was honestly comfortable with being sentenced to a slap in the face, because Castiel had every right to express his feelings of being violated. But
if they don’t speed up the process of fucking each other right now, then Dean might just end up nutting himself in his own pants. “Ou, if you’re into that, I don’t mind begging for it.”
flesh, branding the Omega’s hip and pushing Castiel further against the wall, if that was even possible.
John’s hate for Omegas increased by the second; Henry tried to comfort his son by reminding the Alpha that death of Mary was not the fault of every Omega in the company. John exploded with rage; attacking his father and hatefully shouting that the family doctor — an Omega — didn’t do enough to save his wife.
Dean snorted. “You don’t think its odd that we are both obsessed with our mom? And the fact that we’re both okay with admitting it to each other?”
The Omega blushed underneath John’s gaze, slipping his hand into the Alpha’s larger one. “Castiel, Castiel Novak.”
Sam was sitting on one end of the table while Dean sat on the other side. Sam was looking out the window, his eyes scattering over the various buildings surrounding them with his feet resting on the table. Sam was barely hearing the words leaving Dean’s mouth, his older brother’s voice going over his head.
Dean chuckled, man, this guy was adorable. “Big boy, I’m not hearing a rejection. Do you wanna feel how hard I am for you?”
Bobby gave one last glance towards the direction Dean and Castiel disappeared into, feeling terrible. “Poor Omega.”
Daughters baring the Winchester name were pressured to become downy housewives with their virginity in tact until they were mated off to a filthy rich Alpha. Although female Omegas have earned the option of going to school, earning a degree, and getting a job. The chances of becoming someone important and being seen as a role model for other Omegas who wanted more in life, always ended up in an unfair deal.
Whatever the fuck ever, Dean wasn’t in the mood and simply opening the door was welcoming a deadly temper waiting to be triggered.
Castiel felt himself drool; it was like floating in the middle of a green ocean or perhaps swimming in a pool of lime green happiness or walking amongst a garden filled with olives that pulsed with a brightness that Castiel couldn’t handle by himself. Truly, the Omega found the Alpha’s eyes mesmerizing, Castiel wanted to see those eyes every morning for the rest of his life.
The Omega growled while placing the fork against the countertop, having the decency of putting his manners to good use. “Is that what you
Dean wrapped his enormous hands around Lucifer’s throat, choking the Alpha. “Why would I kill you when you’re no use to me dead? I want you to send Crowley a message for me. Tell him that if we ever see another demon like yourself in our territory again, we’ll go and finish what my grandfather started, we’ll burn hell along with its king to the ground. Got that, buddy boy.”
Dean deserved to die. Give him a thousand deaths and he’d be happy. The Alpha deserved to be punished. Dean Winchester was definitely the hugest asshole on earth. How could he be so mean to someone as lovely as the Omega?
“Actually, I’ll do you a favor, instead of crying and begging to be saved. Why don’t you change things up? For your sake, of course. Take all the beatings like you were meant too, let him use you however he wants too. Let him rape you, Cas. That’s what you like, isn’t it? Maybe you should just accept that you like being the cock sucking whore who gets raped by him every night, whether you’re prepped or not.”
The snobbish Brit that constantly oozed of detrimental wickedness along with a splash of unruly cattiness, was named Crowley. Crowley spent no time in exposing Sam and Dean’s true identities. Prostitutes. Of course, the deliverance of his speech was received with threats of violence and multiple strings of curse words.
Everyday they arrived at the diner, greeting Castiel like they were teenage boys hocked up on hormones, and miserably failing at covering up their infatuation for the Omega. Castiel knew that these old men were crushing hard on him and everyday, they’d tell him the same thing: the Omega was beautiful, Castiel was perfect, and the Omega was charged with stealing their fluttering hearts.
how Dean wanted taste every part of Castiel’s body. The Alpha wanted his tongue to trace every inch of skin and mark it as his own. It was too much for Dean, especially since the Omega was basically rutting against him and the Alpha could feel Castiel’s cock hardening against his thigh.
The Alpha pulled his hands away from his face, leaning back and feeling the tension in his body fading away, for now, as he fell onto the mattress. The shadowy ceiling above him was simply staring down at him, the resolution of knowing that he wanted the Omega so badly made Dean smile, but the ecstasy of accepting the challenge of making the beautiful Omega falling in love with him, came crumbling down like the structure of an ancient temple, falling into destruction.
The Omega continued to cry, like a child cleaning away their youthful tears, Castiel shyly rubbed at his sad blue eyes. What made the Omega even more sad was the fact that he couldn’t stop hiccuping. Ever since Castiel entered the supermarket, he’s been hiccuping nonstop and drawing unnecessary attention to himself, which is why he went to the vegetable section, seeking solidarity.
With John sitting at the head of the table; Sam on his left, Dean at his right, the meeting began. “Welcome everyone. I’m sorry for springing this unplanned meeting, I promise this won’t happen again. You all know how much I despise uncoordinated events that can potentially ruin our work schedule for the day.”
By Dean’s count, he’s probably fucked hundreds of rogue demons and to no surprise, the numbers kept rising. Being a demon came with its perks; an impossibly high sex drive which was difficult to sedate, intense ruts, and a carnivorous need to violently mark their property.
The summer haze of eagerness for sensual longing was washed away by the mist of clarity; freeing Dean from the basal necessity of wrapping his strong arms around Castiel’s fragile body, taking hold of the Omega’s ripe lips, feeling the softness of Castiel’s porcelain skin, taking the Omega as his rightful mate, and fucking Castiel with an anxious devotion that promised the beginnings of a mating bond.
If for some shit reason, the person ringing his doorbell was hostile and pissing off the Alpha even more, Dean was certain that he was gonna start throwing punches sooner or later. The Alpha wasn’t even half way down the stairs when the doorbell rang again, this time, the pressure against the doorbell seemed hesitant.
Gabriel never did like when the Omega closed by himself but Castiel always assured the Alpha that he was a big boy who could take care of himself. After getting the Omega’s assurance for the sixth time, Gabriel hugged his younger brother and bid him goodnight. Once the Omega was done, Castiel went to retrieve his small black backpack from the locker rooms and went towards the front doors.
if he had no self respect, he’d immediately go down to his knees and take Castiel’s shaft into his mouth. But no.
Once Castiel finished unloading everything on the conveyor belt, the Omega took out his wallet and tilted his head in confusion when meeting the boy’s excited expression. The Omega boy seemed terribly ecstatic to see Castiel, which confused the Omega even more, no one was ever
” Before the Omega could even respond, the Omega children pulled the Alpha boys away, lovingly shouting at Castiel, “
The Omega blew them all kisses before leaving. “Okie dokie, let me just go put in your breakfast orders and fill you boys up, can’t have my future husbands starving to death.”
The Alpha — guilty as charged — was the doing the exact same thing whenever he thought the Omega wasn’t looking at him. How could Dean resist? Castiel’s beauty was illuminating, like the way you look up at the night sky and all you see is an ocean of twinkling stars, burning brightly and getting more beautiful with each passing night.
Inside a small apartment, two Omegas occupied a bed together. The sheets were tangled beneath them while they slept soundly together. Mind you, not in the sexual way. Castiel and Garth have been renting an apartment for almost four years together. Castiel and Garth were best of friends, meeting each other during college and surviving the era of misogyny against Omegas ever since.
Whenever Castiel looked back to check on his boys, Sam and Dean smiled brightly, jumping in their seats like excited puppies waiting for their next treat. It seemed possible that whenever the Omega gave them a soft smile, Sam and Dean’s eyes would palpitate like red glowing hearts.
“Sugar tits!” Gabriel hugged the Omega and gave Castiel a sloppy kiss to his cheek. “Aren’t you the second hottest thing since me. Ou! Is that my coffee? Oh my god! This smells like sex.”
The Omega tilted his head to the side, softly smiling at Sam and it was probably the cutest thing the Winchester brothers have ever seen. Aside from the fact that Castiel was currently looking like a sexy disaster; his shirt was wrinkled to no end, untucked in many places that made the Omega look like he’d just been fucked nastily, a rosy red color taking over Castiel’s cheeks and the Omega’s intensely dark hair was ruffled and sticking up in different directions.
Gabriel gave a single nod though his lips were pulled back into a bright smile. “Good. So, no more questions about you being the only waitress?”
Thank god Dean decided to turn off the lights before closing the curtains, from this angle, the Omega wouldn’t be able to see his silhouette lurking behind the curtains. Dean smiled sweetly as he watched the Omega leaning out of the window, sadly looking up at the stars while a soft lighted lamp illuminated his perfect form.
Castiel’s innocence was taken away from him at the age of 13, his virtue was stolen at the age of 16, and now here he was, a grown man being driven by his Alpha to the next location of their new home. A new place where no one could help him, no one ever did. Which is why Castiel never understood the point of trying, someone always ended up hurt and it was usually him.
Without intending too, the Alpha moaned loudly, a deep rumble coming from his chest while Castiel’s warm and inviting fingers touched him
from the doctor made Dean panic, immediately the small Alpha was seeking out his mother. Castiel was unconscious. The nurses were currently wrapping the small baby in a warm blanket and placing him in a cot.
Donna nodded excitedly, pushing open the doors and allowing them to come in. “Yes, yes, yes! You’re the rent boys, right? Which by the way, I have nothing against rent boys. I find rent boys extremely pleasing and fun.”
the scent radiating from the Omega’s scent gland was crawling past his nostrils and making him delirious, the soft patch of skin vibrating against his mouth was transforming Dean into a feral beast, acting on pure instinct, protecting what was
Chuck gave an adorable chuckle before snapping his fingers. “Oh, and before I forget. If your brother fancies my son which seems to be the case, Sam will probably sleep in Gabriel’s room for the remaining week. As for you, there is a guest bedroom right next to Castiel’s room.”
The Omega sighed as he got up from his seat. “Gabriel, I’m happy here. You helped me when no one else did. You saved me from being forcefully claimed and to some extent, saved me from being a caged in housewife. You offered me freedom and safety and that’s enough for me. So, whether you like it or not, I’m not going anywhere.”
But money was scarce and in general, if Sam and Dean worked full time, then their lives would be simpler. Dean wouldn’t have to work long hours, busting his pretty ass to make ends meat. Dean wasn’t proud of it but he’s been sleeping with men since he was 14 and thankfully, Sam was spared from the enchantments whispered by repulsive men who desired ripping away the threads of virginity with their teeth, instead, Sam lost his virtue at the ripe age of 18.
Castiel felt as if he were in locked room set on fire, the Omega could already feel the black smoke filtering itself into his lungs and making it impossible to breathe without coughing. The aroma was intense, deadly, yet Castiel craved more of it. When another scent hit his nose, this time, the Omega was breathing in the pure grains of gunpowder.
it still hurt to think about what Dean said to him, that Castiel should let Lucifer rape him because according to Dean, the Omega
There was no escape. The Alpha knew why this was happening, as much as he convinced himself to become the ideal Alpha for the Omega next door and pushing himself to becoming the best version of himself that he can be, there was no way around the truth, no way to prevent the flaming madness that burned through his fingers.
The predatory desire to moisten the Omega’s lips with Sam and Dean’s tongue was creating a vivid picture of how gorgeous Castiel would look with love bitten lips, red and swollen for everyone to see how fully claimed the Omega was.
Castiel was the ocean and Sam would give anything to drown himself in between the Omega’s legs, lapping away at the source of the scent which only became stronger with Castiel’s arousal.
If only the Alpha could moan out the Omega’s name like a dying wish and in return, having the honor of hearing Castiel repeating Dean’s name with the same cupidity that drove the Alpha to become unbearably possessive of the Omega.
Of course, Dean had no preferences when it came to sex, whether it was a man or a woman, cock or pussy, he just wanted to fuck someone. The Alpha, oddly enough, wanted to fuck a human Omega but human Omegas were rarely seen in their territories.
Sam and Dean growled angrily, both keen on attacking Lucifer and ripping his face apart when the Omega held them back with a tight grip. Of course, the comment didn’t go unnoticed by Gabriel so the Alpha dragged Lucifer across the parking lot and tossed him onto the road where incoming cars were passing by.
wanted to hear Castiel referencing himself as a pretty Omega who was nothing more than a slut begging for an Alpha’s knot. “Cas,
Yet every rent boy in Lawrence, Kansas knew of the Novak family; all these slutty boys wanted a taste of luxurious paradise along with a fat paycheck for their offered services.
The Omega chuckled at his brother’s childish manner. “Bunnies live a long time because they eat their greens.”
Castiel remembered the violent beating Lucifer gave him on the day before their departure from the city; the Omega’s face was covered in black bruises and his body was battered with deep scratches that never stopped bleeding. “You don’t have to remind me again.”
But for the time being, Dean was single and the Alpha indulged himself in one sided relationships that consisted of meaningless sex with any rogue demon willing to spend the night with him. The morning after was always unpredictable, usually it began with Dean’s flirtatious smile, a hungry once over towards the naked Omega lying in his bed and Dean telling the Omega that last night meant nothing to him.
The sight of it made him dizzy with sickness, Castiel looked away from the crowds of families and studied the house next door. The Omega’s next-door neighbor had a nice house; it was painted in a dark green color, aligned with finely polished wooden gates that separated Castiel’s new home with theirs, and his neighbor’s lawn was shining with rich grassy pride.
Chuck quietly observed Dean, a slow smile creeping onto his lips. “Dean. Just by looking at you, you are exactly the type of man that’ll make my other sons go from shy boys to horny monsters.”
Castiel shuddered at the thought of Lucifer and went back to people watching, it didn’t seem too long that the Omega went drifting away in his mind when he noticed a group of children — from the faint smell, Alphas and Omegas — shyly staring at him. Castiel felt awkward, these children were literally staring at him like he was an alien or something.
the mere thought of gripping onto Castiel’s hair and riding the man’s cock was making Dean squirm like a fifteen-year-old girl,
So, sacrificing his own body for someone else’s was worth it or at least, that’s what Castiel told himself every night.
How the Omega was in Lucifer’s hands for 18 years and the Alpha did an amazing job of ruining Castiel’s beliefs and dreams of actually becoming more than a sex doll waiting for his master’s call. The Omega swallowed the thick lump rising in his throat, trying to will himself away from those gruesome thoughts.
Dean gave a firm nod, though curiosity was clawing at his throat. “What about your youngest? This Castiel, isn’t he on the menu too?”
Jack was frightened by the dark tone of Dean’s voice. “Dean, please. I can tell you’re angry and you want to hurt someone but violence is never the answer.”
Either way, Dean was going to make it his solemn duty to get inside this guy’s pants. After an embarrassingly long time, Castiel and Dean were still staring at each other and
There were differences in the way people touched each other, the only touches the Alpha was ever exposed too were heated and desperate pulls of needy Omegas who begged for Dean’s cock. This was different. Completely different. Castiel’s touch was intimate, private, and to a point, passionate. Something that the Alpha had zero familiarity with.
Sam immediately backed up his older brother. “Yes. You’re definitely hired. You can start working here tomorrow.”
The Omega hesitantly took the flowers, smelling them and purring at their flowery scent. “They’re really beautiful.”
ran a successful website, privy to those who paid in order to become private members and access all the photos of every rent boy available.
Dean gave a small rumble of laughter when Gabriel appeared again, hastily dragging Castiel behind him. “Castiel, you’re going to thank me for this one day.”
The Omega took four more tissues, blushing slightly at the pet name and giving Benny a small smile. “Thank you, that’s very kind of you.”
Don’t get Dean started on the guy’s lips, how can a pair of lips be so erotic? Dean’s eyes travelled over Castiel’s mouth; his lips were slightly chapped — hell, Dean wouldn’t mind moistening them with his tongue every day — they were tinted in a light pink bordering onto a faint red color, they were full — especially the guy’s lower lip — and so goddamn
Adorning the walls were three gigantic windows — with gaudy frames made of gold — that sparkled with bright sunlight and a view of the green plush grass that seemed to go on for miles and miles.
The Omega seemed lost, the look in his eyes was wistful and god how Dean wanted to caress his beautiful face and kiss those divine lips, releasing pheromones that made the Omega feel safe. It was taking every fiber of control embedded in Dean’s hefty muscles to stay where he was, fighting his Alpha instincts and going against the idea of entering the Omega’s house and offering himself to the beautiful Omega.
, goddess of time or whatever. The Alpha rested his cup of coffee on the kitchen island, placing the palm of his hands against the marble top and breathing through his nose, trying to keep himself from exploding.
There was a distressing low whine at the back of Castiel’s throat. “Are you alright? Is it anything serious?”
But that belief was proven to be worth the wait, for Dean really wanted Castiel to scent him. “Would you feel better if you scented me first?”
Even if the Omega tried to cover it up, the mark was seared into the Alpha’s brain. But now that the bite mark was covered, Dean could see the fading red marks circling the Omega’s neck. The Alpha narrowed his eyes, suddenly realizing that the object responsible for those marks was the black leather collar that the Omega wore yesterday.
Immediately, judging by the boy’s soft features and small body, Castiel knew that the boy was an Omega. And apparently, the boy was enjoying a nougat bar. Oddly enough, Castiel really liked that brand. Castiel began to place his items on the conveyor belt, mindlessly trying to get this over with while being oblivious to the large smile spreading across the boy’s face.
There was a naughty glimmer in Dean’s eyes, feeling emboldened, Dean reached forward and pressed the heel of his hand against Castiel’s cock,
The Alpha snarled and began to eat his salad, the first taste made Gabriel want to vomit. “I’m not fucking Thumper, ya know.”
. The need to taste, to suck, to bite, to claim those lips was the only thing worth living for. The sensual passion to intertwining their lips with Castiel’s chapped and fuller ones, was becoming an uncontrollable desire that Sam and Dean were violently fighting against.
Dean felt his heart breaking at the tone of Castiel’s response, did the Omega really believe that he didn’t deserve to be asked a simple question like
Castiel looked into the Alpha’s eyes, tilting his head in confusion. “There are many Omegas that are worth scenting, unclaimed even. Wouldn’t the scent of an unclaimed Omega be more of your taste?”
Castiel coarsely pushed John back, taking the reigns and guiding the Alpha’s throbbing cock towards his pink puckered hole. “Let me show you a good time, marine.”
The Alpha grounded himself, focusing on the Omega’s presence and letting his eyes rake over the endless bruises blossoming across the Omega’s face. There were yellow bruises all over the Omega’s cheeks, green veins popping against his skin. And if that wasn’t enough, there were angry black and blue bruises across the Omega’s cheekbones, staining his beautifully pallid skin.
The aroma was coming in nonstop waves, vibrating at a degree that made Dean uncomfortably murderous along with a side of being cruel. The scent was offensive, it was causing the Alpha’s canines to appear and to prepare for a bloody fight. It was an unmovable force, Dean wanted nothing more than to remove that acidic fragrance from his home, overpowering that aroma with his natural scent.
Sammy pushed away Dean’s hand, coming face to face with his older brother. “And you think that’s the way to Castiel’s heart? Being a misogynistic asshole who dictates his every move?”
A nicer cage compared to the broken-down dump they had back in the city. The Omega should have been happy but he wasn’t. Instead, Castiel was impatiently fearing the new memories waiting to be made. Ones that involved scars, bruises, bites, and blood. The Omega took his eyes away from the house and looked up at the sky, the afternoon colors of the sun were bleeding in various tones of red, pink, purple, and orange.
The Omega also took notice of the younger Alpha and like a switch being turned on, Castiel went into flirting mode. “Boys, who is your shy but devastatingly handsome friend here?”
Dean wanted to be unavailable to anyone who tried to reach him. In short, he wanted to be a grumpy grouch. The Alpha had the whole day planned in his head; entering the kitchen, eating every single item found in the refrigerator, and sleeping the whole fucking day because he was so damn tired. Dean’s wish was about to come true when the doorbell rang abruptly.
Take a deep breath, think about it. What’s the point of hurting someone, if in the end you’ll probably go to jail? It’s not worth getting your hands dirty for someone who deserves to get punished. They’ll eventually get what they deserve, they always do.”
Then when Castiel had his fill of checking out the Alpha’s ridiculously large body, the Omega would then bashfully stare at Dean’s handsome features. Green eyes, full lips, and dark olive skin. Castiel didn’t mean to stare like a total weirdo but the Omega has never met such a stunning Alpha like Dean before. And perhaps Castiel let himself be carried away by Dean’s attractive looks, for when the Omega came back to himself, he’d notice the Alpha staring at him, causing Castiel to become
Gabriel snarled viciously, punching Lucifer in the face and knocking the Alpha to the ground. “Don’t speak like that to my brother! He can wear whatever the fuck he wants! It’s shitbags like you who think that just because Omegas show some skin, that means that they’re easy prey waiting to be knotted.”
” Sam never felt comfortable when Dean dragged his ass to practically anywhere, the Alpha was starting to regret his decision when Sam spotted an old friend from afar.
A forbidden treasure that must have been locked away in Pandora’s box; they sparkled in rays of sapphire hues that easily entranced both Alphas. It was taking every inch of Sam and Dean’s body to not claim Castiel here and now. They wanted to wrap their burly arms around the Omega, stare into his ocean blue eyes and mark Castiel’s mouth with rough needy kisses.
Sam grinned like a child waking up on Christmas morning, it was the first positive step to winning over Castiel by earning the privilege of calling the Omega by his first name. “Castiel, you were — uh, interested in the job position being offered here?”
The Alpha’s eyes were equivalent to cursed objects locked away in sealed boxes decorated with sigils meant to scream
And now, he was giving birth to a second child but this time he was alone, John was still a marine and on duty, so the person who brought the Omega to the hospital was his sweet baby boy, Dean. The contractions were getting painful by the minute, Dean — six years of age — held onto his mother’s hand and felt his small heart breaking at seeing his mommy being in horrible pain.
Sam snorted, pushing Dean and laughing when the Alpha was easily knocked to the side. “Stop drooling man. I said, that Omega is
Castiel panicked, tripping on his own feet as he walked away. “I have to go. Nice to meet you, Dean.”
“Sammy, you do realize that you’ve been celibate for your entire life, right? Are you thinking of becoming a priest? Because if you are, I’m much concerned about your need for sex. We’re demons, sex is part of who we are.”
Dean smiled excitedly as he went around Lucifer, keeping Castiel close to him when he came face to face with his younger brother. “Don’t wait up for me, Sammy.”
Sam looked down at the fallen chair and called after Dean. “Dude, what the fuck? Where the hell are you going?”
The strong yet sweet scent of flowers belonging to Castiel caused Dean to become a salacious beast with the need to bury himself inside the Omega. Dean wanted to feel Castiel’s delicacy and fragility but like the thorns on a rose, Dean wanted to feel the scratches and bruises of love that the Omega would give him in return.
Of course, Dean enjoyed having sex with multiple Omegas every day; the Alpha was a flirt, attractive, seductive, and a playboy. You couldn’t blame him if the change in the company meant nothing to him, Omegas had jobs and that was the point, the Alpha believed that everyone should be grateful for the income they earned and the nonsense of lowering every Omega’s pay grade and position was unimportant.
Castiel took his seat before Gabriel and the Alpha rolled his eyes when the Omega purposely showed off his pale and smooth legs by crossing them over. “Everything is fine here. Inventory is splendid, I fixed all the documentation for you, all you need to do is make sure the numbers are right. The store that ships the food to our diner is great, their prices for us haven’t changed but they do recommend scouting other stores for more rare ingredients that are needed here.”
And boy did the Alpha enjoy the sight of the Omega begging for more kisses, chasing after his mouth whenever Dean dared to pull away.
The Alpha didn’t want the Omega to like him because he had a good cock — no lies there — but Dean wanted the Omega to love him for who he was, shattered and incomplete, just like the way the Alpha would adore the Omega, even if the Omega was covered in hurtful scars, gruesome marks meant to scare others away, but not Dean.
The changes made specifically to the Omega workers in the company were welcomed by two different reactions. Like father like son, Dean was the spitting image of John Winchester, taking after his father’s thoughts, beliefs, and twisting them into his own. Dean shared the common view of Omegas being the lower class of their secondary gender but never disrespecting them.
Castiel, that’s a very pretty name. It’s as pretty as you are. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you before, are you new in town?”
But the impulse to curse at himself for being a complete dipshit was not powerful enough to piss him off, sure, he was annoyed at himself but nothing could beat down the happiness infecting Dean at the moment. The love of his life just kissed him and that proved to the Alpha that Castiel wasn’t rejecting him, there was a fighting chance that he might end up mating with the Omega.
The throne of hell was controlled by one demon; a single ruler with no limits, an egotistical king who was head over heels for himself, an evil relic of powerful authority.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible without showing that he was pissed as hell. “Of course.”
Castiel’s eyes widened in worry, his pupils dilating adorably while his features adopted the expression of a frightened puppy. The Omega wanted to caress Dean’s tired face, kiss away the Alpha’s troubles, and allow Dean to touch Castiel for as long as he needed. No joke, the Omega was about to act on those maternal instincts when he caught himself at the very last minute.
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise, maybe somebody from upstairs in heaven was giving the Alpha a chance to save the pieces of his dignity along with his ego by offering him a chance to leave before making a huge fool of himself.
Garth excitedly perked up, ignoring the Alpha and placing his entire attention towards Castiel. “Hey gorgeous, I haven’t seen you around here. What’s your name?”
It was a shame that the Omega couldn’t stay longer to decipher who the Alpha was beneath that layer of dominance and superiority.
Castiel — nervous being an understatement — gently lifted his hand and reached forward, fingers trembling as the Omega tenderly ghosted his fingertips over Dean’s freckles. The Alpha froze, not really understanding what Castiel was doing until the lighthearted touch against his cheekbones made Dean’s stomach flutter with dozens of butterflies.
Years and years of dealing with their father’s temper, it was inevitable for the Alpha to fall into the same cycle that kept his father alive until his untimely death. But Dean became a better man than his father ever was — even though he didn’t truly believe that — but the Alpha learned to bury that cruel rage by flashing a seductive smile to Omegas that were easily aroused by his charm.
, he loathed himself with a flaming passion. The Alpha closed his eyes, gritting his teeth together as he dug his nails into the palm of his hands, making himself bleed.
Castiel chuckled. “Then why are you consorting with me, a human? I mean, you are a rogue demon, aren’t you?”
Dean slammed the palm of his hand against the counter, the fork clanking its way towards the ground. “You wanna know what my problem is, Cas? My problem is that I can’t stand you, first you come into my house gifting me sweets and now you’re lecturing me about what love is. Are you that desperate for my cock?”
The Omega gave a sad smile, turning to leave when Castiel stopped at the doorway, not moving an inch. The Alpha was about to ask if the Omega was okay, when Castiel turned to face Dean again. With determination in the Omega’s eyes, Castiel walked towards the Alpha with a solemn purpose.
, the Omega’s eyes were enticingly hypnotic. They were the exact representation of opal-colored gemstones that sparkled with every shade of blue that ever existed in this universe. With every flick of the Omega’s eyes, Dean felt himself becoming lost in the abyss of the calm and brewing ocean.
The Omega turned to face the Alpha, smiling sheepishly while lifting his hand in the air. “Hello, Dean.”
Sam’s lips were equally as full as Dean’s, a shade darker than his older brother but nevertheless incredibly alluring and Castiel craved to leave a wet trail of his tongue over the Alpha’s lips. Sam held the Omega’s gaze, intensely staring at the way Castiel’s lips trembled as the Alpha carnivorously licked his lips, snarling rabidly as the Omega chased after his tongue.
Sam let out a boisterous laugh, clutching onto his stomach and holding onto the desk to keep himself from falling onto the ground and exploding into a fit of uncontrolled giggles. “You really think that? Sorry to break it to you but Cas would choose me over you any day.”
After grabbing everyone’s attention, Dean tightly held onto the lapels of Lucifer’s jacket and snarled into the demon’s face. “Now you listen to me, you son of a bitch. If I
Dean closed his eyes, his hands gripping tightly onto the plushness of Castiel’s hips, painfully grinding his teeth together. The Alpha snarled, feeling his canines emerging and pushing down the urge to
and it was driving Dean absolutely mad. The Alpha continued gnawing at Castiel’s scent gland, watching in fascination as streams of blood glided over Castiel’s rosy red nipples, instantly making them fat and hard.
Often times, Castiel wished that he had wings to fly away from this hell on earth, one that he was forced to tolerate by himself. If he could just reach the sky, a place where there were no limitations, no rules, no boundaries, just… freedom.
The Alpha looked back at Castiel. “Ha! That’s one way to put it. But don’t worry, he’s weird but you’ll grow to like him.”
And to make things even worse, the leash around one’s neck kept tightening with every pull given by their master, a person who was meant to love their mate but in actuality, they didn’t. The mere representation of being reduced to a rare commodity was only seen by old fashioned Alphas who orgasmed at the sight of overpowering delicate Omegas, pushing them to submission.
Whenever the Alpha went into rut, Dean would seek out a fine baby momma on the block, using his tongue as a form of sweet talking and fucking the living shit out of them. And personally, the Alpha knew every Omega housewife on the block and Dean knew how much they would kill for a chance to cheat on their mate by riding Dean’s cock like it was the end of the world.
Dean pushed himself to his feet, heading towards the house next door when he was stopped by Sam again.
How much longer before rationality was abandoned and the crucial need to fuck and mount this Omega became undeniably appealing?
Castiel reached the end of the bed, his hands gripping onto the edge of the mattress when the Omega stuck out his tongue, pressing it against the Alpha’s navel and licking his way upwards. A wet trail of salvia was left behind along with Dean’s self control. Castiel continued tasting the Alpha’s skin, his wet tongue gliding over Dean’s chin and stopping at the Alpha’s mouth.
It seemed stupid to consider this option but Dean felt the Alpha inside him frantically searching for an Omega, an Omega to claim and fuck.
Dean was barely finishing the last rounds of his rut; cotton sheets were soiled in copious amounts of cum, pillowcases were stained in sweat and torn to pieces, and the Alpha’s large cock was sore beyond belief, swollen every time it became erect and pumping with blood. The intense wave of hunger, lust, and the carnal ache for
Although the sound was small and easily ignored by those who didn’t pay attention, the Omega screamed painfully when the Alpha entered him. After that, the Omega was being thrusted up and down against the window. Things became rougher when the Alpha began to bang the Omega against the window with every thrust given to him.
hot, it was like the Alpha’s room was blasting the heater nonstop, warming every inch of his bedroom and Dean
The Alpha never willingly bared his neck to an Omega before, not even during sex. Sure, Dean always fucked Omegas while they were on their hands and knees, purposely making it difficult to locate his scent gland. The Alpha always believed in the old-world perspective, where your scent gland was a private part of your body and not just anyone had the right to press their nose against it, simply
From Dean’s perspective, the Alpha walking towards his beautiful Omega seemed drunk, intoxicated, and that didn’t sit too well in Dean’s stomach.
For all of the Omega’s life, Castiel has been surrounded by the dreadful scent that belonged to Lucifer; Lucifer smelt of sulfur and burnt flesh from the sinners burning in hell. It was harsh to his nose and at times, acidic to even inhale. But Dean,
Upon hearing Castiel’s perfect voice, the baby opened his eyes and smiled cheerfully at the prospect of having a gorgeous mother. Dean could tell that the baby was entranced by the Omega, the Alpha boy smirked as he cooed at his baby brother. After a few minutes of the Alpha baby staring at his mommy like he was the night sky filled with flickering stars, the baby paid attention to the boy next to his mother.
Dean felt the small smile against his cheek, the Alpha smirked at his genius ways of being romantic. Hell yeah, Dean could be romantic if he put himself to it. Sue him. The Omega gingerly nuzzled into the crook of the Alpha’s neck, sweetly pressing a benevolent kiss against Dean’s scent gland.
Alpha towering over him. Castiel felt slightly intimidated by the huge Alpha with piercing blue eyes, a
Sam shoved Dean to the side, furiously blushing at the comment of his virginity remaining in tact and towering over his older brother, taking pride in the following words spoken through his lips. “Dude, I’ll stay a virgin until I meet the right Omega. Unlike you Dean, I’m not keen on sleeping with every housewife on the block and leaving them
The different scents hitting the Omega’s nose was breathtaking. Just the first scent alone was making Castiel dizzy with feverish
Dean felt powerless, he couldn’t help the Omega and it was his fault that his angelic Omega was suffering the brutality of Lucifer. After smashing and breaking everything, Dean cautiously approached the window, watching as bile rose in his throat while Lucifer fucked into the Omega. The Omega had the palm of his hands against the window, desperately trying to escape his mate.
Sam and Dean nodded eagerly, getting up from their seats and kissing their mother’s cheek. They both became idiotic fools when Castiel winked at them before serving more customers. The two Alphas returned to their seats, mindlessly talking about their forbidden fantasies involving their mother when an Alpha worker entered the diner.
The beginnings of The Winchester Company were hard but after a few years of being in business and learning the secrets to success, the running of the company became smoother. The company thrived in avoiding illegal transactions that could quicken their growth out of greed. The Winchester Company became one of the biggest and most important companies in America; expanding quickly and aiming to dominate every state in America, which eventually they did.
Gabriel pouted like a child, proceeding to stomping his feet, a tantrum clearly waiting to be thrown. “
But like always, his wings were burnt to a crisp when the cold and frigid touch of Lucifer’s fingers were gripping the Omega’s chin, forcing Castiel to face the Alpha and abandon the tiny hope of flying. “Don’t worry, baby. Heaven isn’t missing an angel and if they were, it certainly wouldn’t be you.”
Wealth marrying into wealth never assured the foundations of true love buried behind the marriage, it only secured the future of the company whenever the company experienced shortages of money, liquidation, and the basis of going bankrupt. Which at one point, The Winchester Company did experience.
Garth and Castiel were already bubbling with happiness, it has been months since they’ve applied and
The Alpha snorted malevolently. “Nobody cares about you, Cas or the fact that you’re broken. And with your desperate attempt of trying to be somebody else’s problem, you’re never gonna understand how to truly love someone without demanding a price in return. But then again, how can you understand, just look at the relationship that you’re in.”
The number of men Dean has slept with was possibly reaching the figures involving three digits, personally such an achievement was meant to be bragged about but not all sexual encounters were Oscar worthy. But Dean has never been reckless enough to fuck a man without a condom. Although Dean has been tainted with the hues of sin and wrongdoings, being an older brother, he didn’t want Sam to live this life.
, the Alpha immediately regretted scaring the Omega but by the time his green eyes found the Alpha responsible for Castiel’s suffering, Lucifer was already closing the front door.
Dean opened his mouth, narrowing his eyes and trying to figure out what Castiel was asking him. “Why what?”
Sam looked back at the house next door. “Dude, look. I get it. That Omega next door is cute but you can’t walk in there and start a fight. That Alpha can easily kill you for trespassing his property.”
Then the Alpha thought back to his day, when he was a douchebag to everyone, he was constantly, blindly in fact, searching for an aroma that could ease his fury.
Dean shook off the raw possessiveness he felt for the Omega and tried to calm himself, taking deep breaths and trying to claw away the images of the Omega being in the hands of a scumbag Alpha.
The Omega blushed as he proceeded to grab his small notebook and pen. The Omega was completely aware that Bobby and Rufus were giving him heart eyes, which only made Castiel blush even harder. It wasn’t until after an embarrassingly long minute that Bobby and Rufus remembered about their invited guest, who was at the moment, looking up at Castiel with his mouth open.
Castiel smelled black pepper being simmered lightly. The gushing aroma of spices scenting the air was impeding his ability to breathe properly, it scared the Omega and he wanted more.
Jack shyly nodded, quickly throwing himself at Castiel, hugging the Omega tightly and nuzzling his cheek against Castiel’s. “It was my pleasure. Thanks for being my best friend. See you tomorrow! We’re gonna have so much fun!”
The Omega felt weak, fragile, and beaten down. Castiel couldn’t stand it any longer. Even worse, the Omega kept hiccuping and his throat was starting to hurt. Castiel drank down his salvia, willing away these fucking annoying hiccups. This was stupid, all of it was so
The Omega took a deep breath, counting to three in his head and slowly finding the strength to look up at Dean. But Castiel couldn’t, no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t, too ashamed of himself to even deserve the Alpha’s kindness. Dean noticed the Omega’s hesitance, so, he lowered himself to Castiel’s level, trying to catch the Omega’s gaze.
Dean pressed his hand against the window, whispering beneath his breath. “I’m here, gorgeous. I’m right here, you’re not alone.”
night because Dean was in a feisty mood. The older Alpha made it his duty to explicitly inform Sam that he wanted to knot an Omega. It’s been an entire week since Dean has gotten laid and tonight, the Alpha was reverting back to his primitive instincts.
Gabriel disappeared into his office while the Omega faced his boys. “Sam. Dean. I’m sorry you had to see that.”
Dean could feel it, the boiling pools of steaming water simmering at the base of his temper; it was evident that the Alpha just wanted to soak his hands into the warm blood belonging to Lucifer, Dean wanted to feel the rush of power flowing through his veins as he’d slowly tear Lucifer apart, until there was nothing left but the confirmation of knowing that the piece of shit Alpha would never
Sam and Dean looked at each other, both of their eyes wide and truly not giving a shit about who this family was. “No.”
Castiel was beginning to panic, even after saying those words, the Alpha didn’t release him. The Omega was on the brim of crying, reducing himself to a pathetic pleader that would say anything to live when Lucifer unclenched his large and smothering hand around his collar.
With a deep breath, Castiel began to push with everything left inside his body. Castiel let out a grating scream, the Omega was crying and yelling at the top of his lungs. Across the hall and into the waiting room, Dean heard his mother’s screams and without thinking it twice, the small Alpha ran towards his mother’s room.
In all honesty, Sam looked really fucking good. Dean, on the other hand, was chosen to wear a beige suit with a white dress shirt underneath, the top buttons of the dress shirt were unbuttoned, revealing Dean’s collarbones. Lastly, Dean wore black loafers made of velvety material and like Sam, his suit was
the Alpha heard it, he heard the worrisome sound escaping the Omega’s lips. Wasn’t that so damn sweet? Castiel worried about Dean, he worried about him! And it didn’t slip the Alpha’s mind that the Omega was about to come forward, offering Dean an invitation to touch Castiel. It was a slight movement, easily missed, the evident hesitation of moving forward and touching Dean.
When John Winchester became president of The Winchester Company, everything changed. Omegas in every department were redirected to tech support, secretaries, assistants, cleaning, and jobs only meant for the
The Omega’s wrists were bound to the wall, immensely large hands belonging to both Alphas were responsible for leaving Castiel defenseless. The mere force used to shove the Omega against the wall was enough to knock over the Winchester family photos that kept shattering with every glass frame breaking when it reached the floor, but either Alpha couldn’t care less.
There was a light billow of orange and red hues that slowly became brighter against the Omega’s vision. The blinding sparkles of the sun caused Castiel to close his eyes, enjoying the wavelength of colors glittering over his closed eyes. Finally, there was peace. Shortly lived but the Omega found peace, something he’s been lacking in for a couple of months.
The Omega shook his head, lifting his hand and stopping the Alpha from apologizing. “No, its fine. It just burns.”
Sam and Dean decided to conduct the interview process in their father’s office, it was closer and more doable then the two Alphas arguing whether they should hold the interview with the Omega in Sam or Dean’s office. The two Alphas were occupying the large round table which held all the head bosses of every department in this building just a few minutes ago.
. Just by looking into them, Castiel could feel himself being sucked into an oblivion that left him breathless and scared, in an excited way. Dean’s eyes were addictive, the spherical emeralds that were the Alpha’s irises were making the Omega believe that his existence meant nothing if Dean didn’t look into his eyes everyday.
Castiel gave a gentle smile. “I’m fine. Though questions circling the topic of me being the only waitress and the hesitance of getting new waitresses, is still a mystery to everyone.”
At first, the Winchesters worked for themselves; responding to no one and choosing their clients of their own accordance. Of course, their lifestyle was far from perfect; with the amounts of money saved up, they managed to get by with cheap motel rooms and somewhat passable food that kept their bellies full.
Sam pulled away, eyeing the Omega’s flustered expression and somehow, the lightbulb inside Sam’s head was switched on and the overwhelming feeling of guilt settled into his stomach, making the Alpha sick of himself. This was wrong. It took Sam a hot second but the Alpha could feel his eyes being overtaken by fully blown pupils obscuring his iris’ and to Sam’s horror, he understood that he was taking advantage of poor Castiel.
Many beasts were created: reapers, crossroad demons, knights of hell, hell hounds, fallen angels, princes of hell, yellow eyed demons, old world monsters along with scarier siblings that couldn’t necessarily be tamed by chaining them to a cell. The spawns of hell were perfected up to the last detail; Crowley adored his children; the Alpha took pride in his monsters.
Bobby and Rufus stood up on their feet, Bobby being the first to hug the Omega. “Castiel! Ain’t you the prettiest sight I’ve ever seen. Come here and give me some love.”
Only after a few blinding seconds did the Alpha realize that the thorns born from the guilt of letting the Omega be raped and the lack of intervening when Dean could’ve, was not only piercing through his skin, but digging deeper inside him, surpassing the pain of bleeding flesh and leaving behind a scarred reminder of his failure.
Castiel was certain that the Omega boy was either in love with him or he just really liked Castiel. “Um, of course.”
Gabriel would never admit it but the Alpha gave a genuine smile, anything to help out his little brother always made him happy. “
Dean grew up in the shadow of his father, absorbing John’s masochistic views and putting them to good use. John Winchester, was the best father, according to Dean. John taught his older son many valuable lessons; how to instill fear into those who disrespected him, how to murder, how to let darkness consume every part of his body, and how to treat Omegas like they were property.
Sam put himself before Dean, holding out his hands to show the Alpha that he wasn’t going to hurt him but skillfully blocking the path to the house next door. “Dean. Stop. This isn’t our problem.”
The house had character. The Omega smiled at the well-kept house and turned his vision away from it, looking at nothing really except falling into the rabbit hole that greedily summoned him to become lost in the abyss. A place where Lucifer’s judgements, insults, cruelty, and manipulation haunted Castiel’s being.
And everyday, Castiel would flirt back, his innocent yet naughty remarks always earned him a sheepish blush from every Alpha. The Omega never minded that these sweet men forgot about their daily conversations with him. Castiel thought it was cute, bless their old Alpha hearts. And as expected, the Omega was always asked the same question by each and everyone of his old admirers.
“That’s because you’re brain washed with dad’s toxic opinions about Omegas! They’re not sex objects, Dean! They’re people just like you and me and I’m not going to let you brainwash that sweet Omega into becoming nothing more than a hole you need to fuck whenever you get the urge.”
tight pants and embarrassingly clenching his ass cheeks together, forcing himself to not produce any more slick. “Mr Winchesters?”
Dean was stupid, instead of acting like a hot-headed Alpha reverting back to basic and protective instincts concerning a potential mate, he should’ve cautiously approached the Omega as if he were frightened little rabbit with adorable big blue eyes. “Cas? Are you okay? It’s okay, you’re okay.”
That broke Dean apart, the name pouring from the Omega’s beautifully full lips was shattering Dean’s existence. Now he knew the name of the Alpha hurting his Omega.
Dean was basically whining and purring, he could feel his mother’s nipple thickening with milk and the little boy growled when his mother’s milk seeped through the hospital gown. “I want milk mommy. I want
The Alpha toned down his aggravation and asked instead, “Listen, I’m heading into work soon and I was wondering if you wanted me to look over your wounds. You know, clean them and make sure they heal faster.”
Rufus smacked the back of Dean’s head again, making the Alpha growl at Rufus. “Boy, talk to me like that again and the next time I hit you on the back of your head, I’ll be using a crowbar. It was nice meeting you, darling!”
Instead of going home and enjoying a quiet meal with the television playing in the background, the Omega was met with an Alpha leaning against a gorgeous car. “John?”
Everything seemed perfect, except Castiel would never know that just outside the hospital, John was exiting the Impala and crossing the street. The failure of checking both ways where cars were zooming by, resulted in John getting run over by a cargo truck, killing him instantly and leaving Castiel as a widow and his two boys, fatherless.
Once Dean opened the door, he slammed it shut and stormily went up the stairs. The Alpha reached the bedroom door, opening and shutting it closed and
While still hugging their mother; Sam and Dean squirmed in their seats, a carnal passion was building inside them, burning their organs and scarring their insides with a forbidden desire. This vigorous disturbance pushed Sam and Dean to blindly rub themselves against Castiel, to ease the painful need of releasing themselves all over their mother’s body.
The Alpha recklessly searched everywhere; running down the entire block, turning every corner and failing to see Castiel anywhere. Dean’s heart was pounding against his chest, the Alpha was having trouble breathing, suddenly everything became too much and because there was no other way to express how he felt, Dean yelled at the top of his lungs.
The Omega struggled against the Alpha; distressed pheromones were overpowering the scent of Lucifer’s anger. “I-I’m not leaving you.”
The Alpha landed on his back, grass was tickling his ears when the look of raw and bloodthirsty vehemence was directed to Sam, the younger Alpha immediately regretted his actions. “
The Omega smirked, a mischievous gleam flitting past his sapphire eyes. “I think I have an answer to your question, Mr Dean Winchester. I think I’ll make you boys work for it. Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Sam dropped his feet from the desk, snarling loudly and slamming his hands against the table. “This has nothing to do with me being soft. I just want to be fair.”
Don’t be. He’s not here anyways. I know this sounds stalker-ish and creepy but trust me, I have good intentions. I just — I just needed to make sure you were okay.”
The Alpha swallowed down the flaming temper that was clawing at his ribcage, faking a smile that failed to reach his green eyes and shushing down the roaring sounds of his Alpha instincts demanding Dean to hurt and push the Omega away. “Cas.”
The Omega would open the door, he’d be beautiful and slutty, wearing a black mesh robe and just when things are about to escalate into rated R content, like the mechanic storming into the house and fucking the Omega from behind, you get the stupid pop-up ad that says,
The Omega lowered his gaze, a playful smile decorating his lips before the Omega offered his petite hand to the Alpha. “Castiel Novak.”
Dean threw his head back, head butting Sam and breaking away from the Alpha’s grip when Sam kicked at his older brother’s feet, throwing Dean off balance and making the Alpha hit the ground face first. Dean groaned at the pain spreading across his body but the Alpha was determined to reach the elevator, even if he had to crawl.
With sleepy eyes, Dean turned to face the clock on the kitchen stove and groaned with every irritation burning through his throat.
vanished into thin air. The Alpha wasn’t expecting the Omega to look at him with a fondness that seemed purer than starlight, almost as if Dean were the only sunlight illuminating Castiel’s wretched life. It was quite bold for the Omega to unveil the secrecy of his vulnerability to the Alpha.
Sam stepped forward, taking Gabriel’s hand and pressing a soft kiss against Gabriel’s knuckles. “I’m all yours.”
“Awe! Isn’t this the cutest thing ever? Two little boys who haven’t even grown a pair of balls are protecting their mommy.”
Lucifer became frisky, groping the Omega’s ass and pressing his erect cock against Castiel’s hip. “Since when do Omegas have a choice in this situation?”
, sweetheart. You take the cake; I mean you’re probably the sexiest elevator boy we’ll have in the Winchester Company. Plus seeing that nice bouncy ass of yours everyday will be a bonus for us.”
introduce himself to the Omega next door and start the journey of making the Omega fall madly in love with him.
But even the hate he had against Lucifer wasn’t enough to pull Dean away from the Omega. There was a sweeter pull begging him to stay; even though the Omega was painted in black and blue bruises, damaged with foul scratches scarring his skin, marred with cuts that bled and sparkled in red, and punished with violent marks that screamed of abuse.
The dark droplets of blood dripped down to the floor, staining the carpet nearby. Dean’s ears perked up as he barely heard the Omega’s soft and broken voice pleading for help, begging for anyone to help him. An unbearable pain was spreading across his chest, making Dean’s breathing ragged as he continued hearing frightened whimpers of the Omega begging his Alpha…
With a boisterous laugh and a round of applause coming from Gabriel, Dean was finally snapped out of the enchantment that made him look like an idiot. “Look at you, bubble butt. My brother is so crazy for you that you don’t even understand how much he wants to fuck you.”
Dean groaned unhappily into the mattress, tiredly tilting his head to the side and reading the clock.
“Dean. He’s not your Omega to begin with and look, I want him as well but seeing how this is going, he’s all yours man. But think about this, Dean. You’re acting on pure primal instinct, you’re not thinking straight. Look man, I hate to say it but this isn’t our business.”
Before Chuck could finish his sentence, Gabriel was jumping on top of him and kissing his father’s cheek. “I’m getting fucked! Thanks daddy-o!”
Such a price tag was never demanded of him. But after tonight, the Alpha realized that all the anguish and misery eating him alive was nothing compared to the life that the blue-eyed Omega endured every day in that house with Lucifer. Something inside him broke, it scattered into pieces when he witnessed the display of relentless abuse against the Omega.
Sam looked at every Alpha in the meeting, feeling a menacing growl escaping his throat, disgust was etched into Sam’s face. “It’s an unnecessary job, people can push buttons themselves. Just move your damn finger and you’re done. We shouldn’t submit workers and by workers, I mean Omegas, to do something that everyone can do. What year is this? The 1960’s?”
Lastly, what could be considered as their really huge living room, a giant television was hooked on the wall and a new sofa that extended from one side of the room to the other, was greedily grabbing the Winchesters’ attention. Sam and Dean could easily lay on the couch with their long legs stretched apart and still have room for other people to sit and watch tv with them.
