Chuck sighed. "Hello. I'm Chuck Novak. Please can we organise a play date before I leave him outside the church."
"Look, my Dad. He wasn't the kindest guy in the world. But he was my Dad. You understand that right?"
Dean melted, he felt a few tears prick in his eyes, his heart was beating so fast he was surprised he hadn't passed out.
"Have at least a shred of modesty, Cas." I chuckled, turning to face the wall, not before having a peak of course. "Keep your boxers on and your under shirt."
"He's not good, a freaking ghost threw him against the bed post. He's bleeding from his damn head. He's not fine." Dean growled getting out of the car, his arm around Cas' shoulders.
"Room 17, next door to the murder room. You're on the couch tonight." Dean grinned and threw the key at me. "I'm gonna go find us some lunch."
Maybe this was how they finally ended up getting together. I needed to remember to text Charlie in the morning.
Cas opened his eyes and looked more confused than I'd ever seen him, I shot at the ghost again who was trying to take a swipe whilst both Dean and Cas were distracted.
Pete muttered about disturbing his sleep but got out his log book and a piece of paper and started writing.
"I asked around church for your address." Chuck admitted. "He's been like this since the beach day last week."
Dean heard Cas shutting the door then taking off his shoes and carefully placing them beside his bag like usual.
She could suddenly see what everyone had been talking about with how dull the bar was, how her jeans seemed to be the only bright thing in the place.
"And that just proves you've had some shitty friends." Dean chuckled. "Look, I know you probably don't understand why I called you that but you liked it right?"
Cas nodded and scrunched his face when the disinfectant burned, Dean rubbed his shoulder. "Sorry, man."
The moment Dean Winchester fell to his knees on the concrete, clinging to his younger brother’s lifeless body.
"I don't think so. He said he was asleep when it happened, police knocked his door down. But he could of been lying about it, I don't know."
"I ain't gay and neither is Cas. Ghost probably just got annoyed that we got rid of all the other future victims." Dean huffed.
"Around 2 in the morning." Sarah shrugged, wiping her eyes again. "They were really nice guys too, they spoke to us when we checked in."
"Oh, you said they would be big so I presumed that it would be okay." He started unbuttoning his shirt.
"These gloves." I took one of his hands and put on the gloves for him, tightening them so they were secure.
Dean kept a brave face the entire way there, on the walk through the airport, even during the hug as Castiel was leaving to board the plane.
Dean stood there like a statue listening to Castiel stomp down the stairs and slam the front door, from the corner on his eye he could see Castiel through the window storming up the street with his brightly colored socks standing out.
"I don't. I just forget them like a cool person." Dean smirked, obviously with no cases he'd been catching up on Brooklyn-99.
A nice tan, standing straighter. His face didn't slip into the easy relaxed smile like usual either. He seemed very stoic and serious.
"Y'know she doesn't seem like she's a homophobic ghost type." I shrugged reading what the papers said in 1974.
"Look, Dean's probably right. We're not gonna find anything tonight and all the gay couples are gone. The ghost isn't gonna be active. We all might as well get some shut eye."
Castiel managed to steady himself and went back to crossing his arms and glaring at his brothers. "Pick on someone your own size!"
"Put your hands on the handlebars, Feathers." I teased, guiding his hands since he didn't show any sign that he was going to move. "If you need to stop, here's the brake. Do that slow or you'll go flying. No pun intended."
Not for a couple more hours when she was calling over for Dean to come back because they were leaving.
"You sure know how to act like one." I muttered, making him glare back but he went back to staring at the bike.
"Yeah, I'm sorry to bother you ma'am, Agent Perth, FBI." I flashed my badge. "I'd like to ask you some questions about last night."
"You won't have fingers if you keep treating me like a baby." Cas growled still trying to get out of Dean's grip.
Castiel nodded. "Like Jerry and his girlfriend? Jerry was asking how my 'sweetheart' was and when I was confused he said he meant you but I liked it when he said that, is that similar?"
Chuck grimaced. "I-I think so, I can't be sure. I mentioned it to my wife but she's very religious. She'd never accept-"
I shrugged him off. "It's fine, man. We'll probably have this under control and be home in time for bed anyway."
"Yeah, I got that vibe from him. Sorry you had to deal with that, why not just go to a different motel?" I asked.
"Yeah." I nodded. I knew how he felt, like Dean was babysitting him. It was more annoying than he was letting it on to be but I knew even if I spoke to Dean about it he wouldn't let up.
“If you make me drink that again, we’re getting a divorce.” Dean reached for the water at the bedside table.
“SHUT UP AND RUN!” Dean’s only focus was Cas, he could see him now, a tanned hand struggling and pushing a croat away.
Cas wrapped his arms around me so loose that I could barely feel it. "Tighter Cas, don't want you falling off."
He could hear Sam trying to hide his laughing behind his hand. Dean shifted awkwardly in his seat, reaching for his beer and taking a few mouthfuls, trying to forget what had just happened but each second of nothing but Sam's muffled laughing made it worse.
They both ignored how the lights in Dean's room all sparked out, leaving them in the dark for the rest of the night.
“I’ve already told you, the chemicals they tell you about are bad enough and the ones they don’t tell you about are even worse!”
Mary was so distracted by the sudden flurry of color that she almost forgotten that someone had crashed into her side.
One of them kicking Castiel on their way past, this time Castiel couldn't steady himself and toppled over in the sand.
Mary led them into the kitchen, Chuck put Castiel down on his feet but Castiel quickly flopped onto the floor and carried on his shouting even though clearly Chuck was trying to ignore him.
They could vent their frustrations out on digging six feet into the ground whilst I would sip a beer and shine a torch down there.
"Sorry for intruding on you, I'll be as fast as I can." I headed to the table and sat down, I instantly noticed that only one of the beds looked used. "How many nights have you been here?"
"Oh Cas." Dean smiled weakly and threw his arms around Castiel's shoulders, not missing how he flinched but quickly relaxed into Dean's embrace. "This that we have ain't weird. It's just us. No one else will understand ‘cos it's ours."
Dean let himself lay back on the bed, bringing Castiel with him. "It's okay. I'm sorry too. You home for good now?"
I waited in the car as we checked into the motel, trying to find more on the case but there was hardly anything online. The police report hadn't even been written yet.
"Like he's gonna know that." John snorted. "He's five, Mary. We've got at least ten years before we gotta worry about teaching him colors."
“EVERYONE OUT!” Dean called once the shots were getting too frequent; he grabbed both Cas’ arm and Toby’s arm.
Sam was beside him gurgling and wriggling his toes in his new sandals specially bought for beach days.
Mary sighed and dragged Dean to the naughty step yet again, praying his yelling wouldn't wake up Sam from his nap.
whilst they were having breakfast in a diner. But he'd covered himself up with a coughing fit quickly. No one had caught on to what he had almost done but ever since then it had become almost impossible to not call Castiel something similar.
Fiona nodded. "He's been a dick ever since we walked through the door but I guess he wants our money."
"I guess it got too much for them both, they ended it. Hating your own family must take it's toll." He was lying again.
"We weren't told much, my partners are speaking to the local police now." I cleared my throat. "Who called the police?"
"Oh very funny." I made sure to hit the helmet once I'd shoved it roughly on his smug little head, making him stumble.
"It's usually a really attractive woman married to a successful guy, ba-Cas." Dean felt the blush rising to his cheeks, he prayed Sam would think it was the beer.
"Yeah, okay. Got it." Dean sighed. "You think this might not be our thing? Maybe scumbag manager did it?"
"I found out just before you told me your plans to go to the army. You'd think I was lying to get you to stay." Dean shrugged.
"There's only two beds." Cas walked with me into the room. "The manager said that there's only rooms with two beds available, he said that as soon as we walked inside, I don't mind taking it."
"I do." John grit his teeth. "And I know you do too. It'll be better this way. We can tell him when he's older."
“Not on my watch. EVERYONE BACK!” Dean dropped his back and began running towards the pile of croats.
"So she knows who it is?" Castiel asked, a smile on his face for Dean. But his eyes remained sad as ever.
Mary had jumped into action and shoved a startled John Winchester off her and back towards the man that he appeared to be in a fist fight with, finished her drink quickly and headed out of the bar to see if outside had more interesting colors to lay her eyes on.
"You can go back and play now, boys." Mary smiled wryly and turned to Chuck. "What do you want to do?"
I grinned proudly but I heard him call me from the bottom, I ran down presuming he'd fallen off again.
Cas nodded, he didn’t tell Dean that it was different to the other times; these feelings were stronger and more urgent.
"I'm not judging." I sighed. "It probably just thought you were so it came after you. But now we know it's definitely Franklin Moone. We should wait until it's light and go back, talk to Pete and kill this son of a bitch."
"I'm not a child." He took the phone, smiling slightly when it came up with 17 text messages, 13 voice mails and 21 missed calls from me.
"When I know I have a soulmate out there? My soulmate who thinks he doesn't have one?" Dean seethed.
"Cool it, bitch." Dean rolled his eyes. "He's got better eyes that you or me. You got it yet, Huggybear?"
Dean made sure that Toby was in front of him, but Cas was too far behind for his liking, he kept looking back to check he was still there. Cas was behind Timothy but ahead of Kim, Dean knew that Cas could run faster than any of them but Cas had all of the heavy items in his bag and it was weighing him down.
"C'mon that didn't hurt." I rolled the bike out and towards the exit tunnel. "You've gotta watch me first."
"Today and tomorrow. I don't think we're gonna go now. Honestly, last night just ruined everything." Fiona sat at the table and took Sarah's hand.
"I-I didn't mean it like that." Castiel gulped, remembering that Dean was in the exact same position as he was. "I don't have one. So why waste my time hoping for one to show up when I could be out there fighting-"
"I already miss you, man. Please don't go." Dean blinked away the tears that were quickly forming at the thought of Castiel with a gun in his hand.
“Could you be anymore gay?” Dean rolled his eyes at Cas’ eye squint and head tilt. “Did you make them?”
He screamed, not at the burning of his thigh but at the hole that had been punched through his ribcage.
Cas was currently struggling under the bed whilst Dean giggled at him, kicking his leg with his foot. Laughing harder when Cas yelled at him.
"I'm fine." Cas groaned, leaning his head back, not realising Dean's arm was there. He didn't seem to care and kept his head there.
"Cas, do you like me, like Jerry likes his girlfriend?" Dean grinned at Castiel's dislike of Crowley's pet names.
I headed to the diner, trying to ignore Dean fussing over Cas and Cas trying to get him to leave him alone.
"Which means that you do have a soulmate but you met them too young to realise?" Castiel raised his eyebrows.
I smiled at him, knowing that he hated not knowing how to do something and hating it more when I was smug because I knew.
John gave Dean a confused look and lifted Dean up into his arms as they started walking to the car. "What do you mean, huh?"
"Yeah, Dean. Like a couple." I rolled my eyes. "Manager seemed real mad about it too, refused to give them a single room that's why everyones assuming they were friends because it was a twin room."
Cas wanted to get into hunting again since the angels had completely written him off but Dean didn't want him to start it whilst his grace was weak and obviously Cas took offence to that and would argue until he and Dean were both blue in the face and or drunk.
"No, everything's been peachy." Pete's lips went thin. "Look, do I need to stay here and babysit you or can I go about my business?"
"I'm just letting you know that I'm in town and I'll be coming back in about two hours. I've forgotten how to turn the GPS back on."
Cas' grace was fading more and more each day to the point that he was eating at least once a day and sleeping every night. He was still an angel but his grace was very weak. He was definetly more human now.
Dean gave Mary a look that was sweet as pie whilst Castiel gave his father an apologetic look, they took each others hands and ran to the living room.
Sam tried to distract Dean but it didn't work, Dean just turned and headed back towards the car barely hearing Mary shouting at Chuck and Naomi for not telling Castiel the truth.
Dean nodded. "I asked him what room the friends were staying in, it was next door. Number 18. They were two guys, he seemed really uptight when I was asking though. Didn't wanna tell me much, only that we were safe and the police had a lead so we would be completely fine here."
"I'll get it out of him." I threw my trash away and headed out of the door and towards the front desk. There was a short middle aged guy there.
Cas smiled weakly and headed to the sofa until Dean turned him around. "I'll take the couch, you get some rest."
Dean knew Cas wouldn’t just give up and fall, he picked up Cas’ angel blade but another rolled out from under Cas’ knee.
"You haven't heard? More of your guests are dead." I sighed and let myself inside and turned the lights on. "I need you to tell me every single gay couple that are staying here right now and their room numbers."
I could tell that it was getting to him too, he was barely coming out of his room and whenever he did; Dean would start picking a fight or he would pick a fight with Dean. That usually ended in them both storming into their rooms and slamming the doors. It was exhausting.
Cas and Dean muttering to each other whilst digging as I stood above shining the torch down, reading up on Sandra's history.
I went over to the storage cupboard, digging out the leathers I had bought as soon as Sam let me use his laptop when Dorothy and Charlie had left.
"Six months Cas!" Dean shouted, making Castiel jump. "And the last few letters were lousy. Pretty much the exact same as each other."
Dean huffed at being alone outside with Castiel but marched his way to his front door and slammed it shut behind him, carrying on his pace to his bedroom.
Dean didn't bother slamming his bedroom door, he simply shrugged his bag off his shoulder and kicked his shoes off before flopping down onto the bed.
Pete sighed big but turned to me. "They came here two days ago. Larry Michaels and Calvin Thomas. They asked for a room for a couple nights, paid in cash. They were fine the first night but in the morning they complained their room was cold, I told them I'd get someone out to look at it, but I went in and the room was fine. The A/C working fine, I figured they'd just want a refund or something so I told them they weren't gonna get any money out of me, they got what they paid for. Then around two in the morning I get banging on my door and the police are there, telling me I need to answer some questions and two of my guests were found dead."
"You don't have the excuse of a sofa here, Dean." I smirked, spotting Cas under the covers, tucked into Dean's side.
Dean came into the kitchen then pouring himself a cup of coffee and then one for Cas bringing them both to the table and sitting down.
"Don't tell her." Mary said quickly. "There's no point in explaining everything when they're just two little boys. It's innocent."
"Our other stuff is in the motel." I shrugged and gave him the first aid kit too. "How you feeling, Cas?" I asked.
He nodded to himself and slowly released the clutch, somehow we managed to be going even slower than last time and I think Cas was getting self-concious over it by the way he kept glancing at the speed and sighing.
That made Dean feel a little better about his tears, he moved so he was no longer in a hug and was facing Castiel instead.
But of course whenever Dean would write a letter that he wouldn't send to Castiel he never mentioned any of that.
Dean didn't pick him up at the airport, he was too hung over, sneaking out of a hook ups apartment in the early hours and Castiel didn't ask him to either.
Dean pursed his lips, searching for a counter argument when he knew there was none before storming back upstairs to his room.
“Cas. Castiel.” Dean cleared his throat. “I'm not sure if you can hear me but- I'm guessing you’re in Heaven now. Please come back. Cas. I'm- I'm so sorry. I need you. I can’t do this without you man. You were the only thing keeping me going. I need you back you feathery son of a bitch, please. I love you Cas, please come here or- or I'm gonna come to you.” Dean threatened and shut the shower off.
The black burn on his skin was still warm, slightly warmer than the rest of his body, just like the handprint Cas had given him.
They were both sat across from each other, both wearing Dean's cowboy hats and playing with the green army men making gun noises at one another.
"It's because we were so young that we don't remember the colors changing. But think about how much it hurts when we're apart. You're friends with Charlie, does it feel like that when you're not with her?"
"Look, you're an angel but you've been with us long enough that you're a good hunter, man. Dean's just thick skulled, he's just trying to protect you."
"That's not helpful." Cas huffed at Dean and scanned my notes. "So the women in the room next door are also in a relationship?"
"Just please. I-I'm telling you not to. Please just trust me. Just 'cos-" Dean begged, his hand on Castiel's shoulder.
"I doubt she was doing it when she was alive. At least she won't be killing anyone else. But you are right, she was a bitch of a ghost."
Sarah and Fiona were slaughtered. Both of them dead with multiple stab wounds. Sarah was in the bed, eyes staring at the ceiling. Fiona was on the floor by the bed, her hand still on Sarah's arm, eyes closed.
"That's another reason I want to go. I don't have a soulmate, Dean. So what's the point in sticking around to find someone when I don't have one?"
“Shut up. What is in this?” Dean wrinkled his still burning nose, looking at the gloop in front of his face.
"Sounds good." Dean stood up and followed Sam to the library where there were two six packs of beers.
Dean slowly began to stand up, lifting Cas’ head softly and placing it on the floor, ignoring the burning on his thigh.
Castiel finally looked up at Dean, searching his eyes for any forgiveness. "I care too much for you. It hurt reading your letters and you were hurting too. I-I guess I thought that if I was distant we would both feel better but I just felt worse and worse."
"That's it! I'm teaching you." I grabbed him by the shoulder, pulling him off the floor. "C'mon, it'll be fun."
"We're sure. We'll go and give the manager a talking to in the morning, find out some stuff about his old man." Dean grinned. "You've done good today, Cas."
"Don't you even think about using your mojo." Dean warned through his teeth as he cleaned the wound, his other hand on Cas' shoulder firmly.
I chuckled and shook my head. "Of course not. Pete, the manager. He told you there were no single rooms left I'm guessing?"
"C'mere then." I shifted further up the seat, giving him room to sit behind me, he slowly straddled the seat. "Uh- wrap your er arms around my waist."
Cas pulled the covers back and made the bed neatly whilst he waited for Dean to get out of the bathroom.
"I'm getting to the question." Dean sighed, thankfully the beer had given him a little courage that he wouldn't of had an hour ago. "I like you, Cas. You're my best friend and I know that I'm not always great at being your friend but I'm working on it and things were so good with us that I didn't wanna ruin it by calling you baby or sweetheart and then it getting weird with us."
I nodded. "I know this is hard, but you've done really well keeping yourselves together. Pete told me they complained about their room being cold the night before last, have you had the same problem?"
So with Dean at the age of five and Sam not even one year old yet, it was the last thing on their minds.
"You sure this is for safety?" I gave him a shit-eating grin as he muttered for me to shut up and hold on.
"Yeah, there's some pride event on in town today and tomorrow so Pete's making money where he can, not that he wants to have gay people in his motel." I explained.
The ghost turned up again, I saw Dean shove himself in front of Cas as the ghost of Franklin Moone lit up the parking lot in broad daylight.
"Would you like to?" I'd never really thought about Cas having other interests besides hunting and nature or heaven business, sure we went out and stuff like that. In a platonic way of course but that was usually stuff that I wanted to do.
"Cas you're replacing all these lights! I know it was you, asshole." Sam shouted as he walked down the hall in the dark.
"Who would believe me?" He shouted. "Gay people get here and they die also I'm not a fan of gay people. It would look like it was me killing them."
He went straight to Cas’ room and got into the shower, his leg burned and now he could see why, Cas’s wings.
"I didn't-" Dean tried but seeing Sam laughing and Castiel's scowl made it worse. "I didn't mean it like that-I just- oh Sam shut up." Dean stood up and stormed out of the room, hearing Sam try and explain through laughs that Dean wasn't calling him an actual baby as an insult.
"How come?" Sam sat himself on Dean's bed, noticing Castiel's stuff still neatly on the floor by Dean's bag.
"Sorry, agent. We're heading out anyway. Let's go." Dean huffed and grabbed Cas by the arm and dragged him out of the room.
"Just covering all the grounds. I'll leave you with my card, anything weird happens or you remember anything else please call." I smiled at them and headed out.
Dean sat up and glared at his best friend, his ears tinging red from anger. "No. That's what your Dad wants you to do. You ain't a soilder, Cas."
“I remember Castiel from when I was still within my mother,” Jack explained. “And from the night I was born. But Dean, I woke him from the Empty. That takes a tremendous amount of power, power that I didn’t even know I had. If Castiel was just a fond memory, I wouldn’t have been able to do that. But I lived with you. I was being raised by you. And your love for Castiel was so very much alive. It was open and bleeding and painful but also so very brilliant. Through you, I learned to love him even more than I already did. And it was that which finally allowed me to reach him in the Empty. Then when I saw Castiel, when I saw you together, it was obvious how much you loved each other. It never crossed my mind that that love wasn’t something openly you shared.”
“What’s up, sweetheart?” Dean asked, taking his hand. Because he could do that now. This would never get old.
Castiel cleared his throat. He dug his fingers into his knees, twisting the fabric of Jimmy Novak’s pants. “It doesn’t matter. The happiness was in just saying it.”
Dean sighed contentedly as he entered the motel room. Living in the bunker had provided him with a stability he had never before known. Still, as much as he loved having a place to call home, he would always retain a sort of nostalgic fondness for crashing in a cheap room after a job well done.
Castiel tried not to show his panic, but he was sure Jack could feel it. Jack could feel everything. “You have to help him.”
“Hello, Miracle,” Castiel greeted with complete sincerity. “Thank you for taking care of Dean.” Miracle turned to lick Castiel’s face as well.
“Cas, no,” Dean interrupted. “Don’t even go there. I love that Sam knows, okay? I don’t know how the hell I got so lucky, but I wanna tell the whole world. I love you, Cas, and you love me, and I love that you do. Hey, who do you want to tell next?”
“Sounds awesome, Sammy,” Dean agreed, slapping his little brother on the back before heading toward Baby.
“It hasn’t been!” Dean protested. “Time moves different here. And I don’t think it matches up to Earth time at all, like a year equals a day or whatever. I went on a really long drive. That’s it.”
“No, of course not, Cas. I would never do that. And since when? I don’t know, man. Always? I guess one of the first times I really registered it in my brain was when I went on my first date with a girl- remember Cassie?- And I kissed her and when I went home that night, I just wondered what it would be like if I kissed you.”
Castiel looked… crushed. Dean had been aiming for joyful or at least content. He didn’t know where he’d gone wrong. He ran through his words in his head.
“Castiel? That’s different. I like it,” Dean declared. “But it’s kind of long. Is it cool if I just call you Cas instead?”
“Cas, for the hundredth time, you ain’t here to benefit us. Look, man, everyone we know is laughing at us for taking twelve years to figure out we were both crazy about each other. I think we’ve gotta stop assuming what it is we think we can’t have. What do you want?”
Yes, Dean had known for a long time that he was in love with Castiel. As he studied Cas’s behavior towards him and rehashed dozens of old conversations in his head, he felt a little stupid that he hadn’t noticed before that Cas loved him back.
“Awesome,” Dean breathed. He kissed Castiel, and tasted both of their tears. “That’s good Cas, because that sounds absolutely perfect to me.” He roughly scrubbed the tears off his face, then reached out to more gently brush Castiel’s cheeks dry.
After investigating and exploring and stopping along the way and tracing Chuck and trying to figure out a plan, they finally made it back to the Bunker. Sam had insisted that they take a proper break and get some actual sleep before hitting the books and going back to strategizing.
Dean sighed and followed. He changed out of his blood soaked clothes. He took Miracle for a short walk. He made them both a snack when they got back from it. (Yes, Sam, he’s eating off the plate. All the road stops and sketchy diners they’d eaten in their whole lives and they were fine. They could handle a dog licking a plate that was going to go through a dishwasher anyway.) Desperate for something to keep him occupied, he went out to the garage and popped Baby’s trunk. He cleaned every weapon they’d used that day. Then all the others. Then checked on the stock level of all the supplies. Finally, he retreated to his room, admitting that he’d run out of ways to avoid sitting in silence with his own mind.
But no. What Castiel had done was surely unforgivable in Dean’s eyes. He had broken their unspoken rule and addressed whatever it was that had always hung between them. He had embarrassed Dean. Shocked him. Castiel saw it in Dean’s eyes before the Empty dragged him away. Dean was appalled. One day, when Dean had lived out his human life, they would perhaps meet again in Heaven and they could be cordial without ever bringing up what Castiel had said. But it was too soon now. Too fresh. Castiel was still too raw.
Dean knew he should feel relieved at that, but he felt mostly confused. “Why, Cas? Don’t you miss being an Angel?”
Dean crumpled at this, his face falling and his shoulders drooping, and despite his promises to protect his newly human friend, Castiel knew that this was once again the end.
Castiel stood motionless as two unstoppable forces battled for him. At his back, he could feel the Empty, the cold black goop soaking into his hair, wrapping around his legs, pressing into every part of him it could reach.
They were five minutes from home when Sam finally spoke. “What the hell happened with Billie, Dean?”
“I screwed up,” Dean answered honestly. But after that, he lapsed back into silence. He couldn’t tell Sam about that day, couldn’t bear to say any of it aloud.
“Hey Cas?” Dean swallowed hard. Obviously he was trying to be calm for Castiel’s sake, but Castiel could see how terribly uncomfortable he was. “You said a lot of crazy shit back there to summon the Empty.”
After coming back from Purgatory without Castiel, Dean was sure he would never see the angel again. He had been devastated and wracked with guilt, sure that he had failed his friend just as he had failed so many others he had cared about.
Shortly after the call ended, Dean proceeded to receive a series of texts from Claire that consisted only of pictures of her weapons. The final text read “Hurt him and you die. Your brother will help me” with a little pink heart emoji.
They both stared at each other, frozen. Dean was as surprised as Cas at the words he’d just said. But they were true, of course they were true, and something inside of him felt suddenly better after saying it aloud.
Now, Jack had leverage and he was apparently prepared to use it. Dean was in trouble. Dean was dying. And according to God himself, the only way to save him was for Castiel to face him. He wondered briefly if Jack would actually let Dean die. If he just stood here and refused to move, would Jack go down and heal Dean himself? It was that incredibly petty thought that shocked Castiel into action. It didn’t matter that God was Jack, the kindest heart Castiel had ever met, and his foster son.
"We'll be fine. Be careful." Dean pulled his brother in for a quick hug before clearing his throat. "Go on," he said, nodding his head towards the door. Sam nodded and held back a smile as he trotted over and opened the door for Rowena.
"I'm just playing with you, sweetheart. Couldn't resist. Castiel never brings anyone to these ridiculous parties so I thought I'd have some fun." She held up two fingers to the bartender, signaling that she'll have a beer and to refresh Dean's.
"Jesus Christ, Cas," Dean panted. He tried to raise his hips but Castiel kept him locked in place with his forearm, pressing down hard on the top of his thighs. He was completely at the other mans mercy as he swallowed him down. Dean balled the sheet in his fists and cursed under his breath. He looked down at the mass of black hair and pink lips between his legs and groaned.
bound, we share a familial bond. Besides, even if I were attracted to Castiel that way, it would be unwise to get in the way of true love."
Almost instantly Castiel could feel heat spread down his back and thighs. He sighed and pressed into Dean, sandwiching one of his legs between the other mans.
"Alfie said there was a new Capo in town, I'm assumin' that's you," Dean pointed to Dick but didn't take his eyes off Alistair.
“I got a few,” Dean offered. “Take better care of Baby, finally clean out the damn fridge, and—” The thought swam in his head like a recurring dream.
“‘I’d kiss you until you couldn’t breathe. M-My mouth would map out every single part of you until you were begging’---”
A man with dark, wind swept hair stood in the entryway. He wiped his hands off on his already soaking pants as he frowned. He shook his head at his efforts and gave up trying to dry his hands.
not good enough for my mother. I don't want you to lie, I'm proud of who you are. I'm just letting you know, she'll," he sighed and rung his hands together.
"Oh yes, Dean is very good at sports. He was the pitcher for our schools team for three years. I went to almost all his games." He smiled at Dean proudly.
Dean leaned into the touch, nudging Castiels hand. “Cas, I can’t tell you how sorry I am,” he closed his eyes and sighed, “but I can try an’ show you,” he whispered.
The funeral was a quiet affair. At least the Romans' were kind enough to let the family grieve in peace.
Before Baby was even fully stopped, Dean threw her in park and hopped out of the car. He headed directly for the pool house and shoved the doors open.
His knees ached against the cold concrete. He shivered constantly, goosebumps rising to try and warm his sticky, naked body. It never worked.
"I know, Dean. But we've done this ever since I was a child. It's tradition, just like game night is ours." He heard Dean sigh on the other end. "It's just a few days and then I won't have to deal with it for another year."
Castiel bit his lip and shook his head. "I don't know what I did to deserve you. You're so loyal so quickly."
Just as he picked up a discarded piece of sheet music Dylan left behind, Dean heard the zapping of electricity.
Castiel gripped Dean's hand tight. This was it. His first New Years kiss. And it was happening now. With Dean. He looked to his friend as his heart hammered in his chest. Dean was biting his lower lip.
Dean's Adam's apple bounced nervously in his throat as he looked into Castiel's wild eyes. "'Bout a week," he answered quietly. He placed his hand on the other mans arm gently. "What's goin' on, Cas?"
Dean bristled and looked over at Castiel. "So you're sayin' I gotta pretend to be a surgeon or somethin'?"
Sam sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Cas, while we're figuring this out, I think it's best if you don't see Dean. For now."
"Last night was--for lack of a better word, insightful. For me at least." He looked to Dean who's smile was fading and turned to face him, taking his non syrupy hand. "If anyone else saw what happened last night as up close and personal as you did, I would be forced to remedy that situation as well." Castiel lowered his head to catch Dean's eye line. "Do you understand?"
The familiar chuckled. “Not much to tell really. We’re still getting to know each other. I told him about mom and—,” he glanced over to where Castiel was filling a mug, “and he kinda told me about his family. It’s a touchy subject.”
“Do you, now,” Castiel’s voice was deep and sultry. Dean didn’t want to know where he’d learned how to talk like that. He stepped up to the siren, tilting his head. “Sorry, but my boyfriend doesn’t share.”
“Shut up,” Dean said as he smacked the back of his hand against Cas’ chest. He walked over to the bar, grabbing three bottles of champagne as he glanced up at the clock. “Sammy! Five minutes!”
Castiel coughed and waved at the smoke billowing in front of his face. No doubt, everyone within a three mile radius would be able to smell the result of his little spell gone awry. He groaned when he heard footsteps running down the hallway.
It was pretty obvious to anyone with eyeballs that Dean had a thing for his roommate, except for Castiel apparently. The first month they lived together, Dean pulled out his best one liners and was his usual flirty self. It all seemed to go right over Castiel’s head which led Dean to the sad conclusion: He’s just not that into you. Not like that stopped him from trying now and then, but he decided to just be friends with him and head to the internet for some no strings attached fun.
Dean cleared his throat and began slowly lowering himself to the still wet tiles, ignoring the cold water soaking through his jeans. Now at eye level and much closer, Dean could make out the stubble on his face and the iridescent shine on his skin where the sun shone through the broken glass ceiling.
"Now," Dean murmured, "if I take these off, you gonna be a good little angel and not try to fly away? I'd hate to have to track you down. Again."
Castiel gasped as two more hooded figures emerged from the edge of the woods, pulling a bound and gagged Ellen between them.
Dean watched with wide eyes as Castiel ascended the steps. He pushed off the table and walked quickly to the end of the stairs.
“You’ll never—never be able to kill me.” Blood pooled in her mouth and leaked out down over her lips.
Gabriel ruffled his brothers hair. “You will be one day, buddy. For now, how about you help me with a banishing spell for this awful dead skunk smell or else the town is gonna come after us with burning torches and pitchforks.”
The bell above the bar chimed as someone walked in. Dean heard heavy footsteps approach from behind, then sat down a few stools away from him. The man had unruly black hair that stood up in different directions and a tattered trench coat that hung down over the stool. Ellen glanced over and smiled.
Lightning crept across the night sky and thunder rattled the thin windows of the house. Dean was curled up in a sleeping bag on the living room floor attempting to sleep but the storm made sure he was wide awake early into the morning. If the storm wasn't loud enough, the constant
“What’s uh—what’re we trying to make here?” he asked, pulling the spoon from the pot and watching the potion ooze off.
Castiel’s tears mixed with the rain as he stood there shaking. “Please, just come home Amara. We can talk about this. I can make it better.”
Dean's heart leapt into his throat. He looked down at his dirty jeans and stained shirt. He definitely needed a shower and fast.
It was kind of sad, really. He'd worked there for three years, he made friends, hell he might have even considered some of them family. He took a deep breath and turned around, heading for his car when he heard a familiar voice.
I loved Dean." He looked up to Sam with watery eyes, forcing a smile. "I think I always have, but that day, I knew. Nothing in this world would ever change that."
As soon as the door closed Dean gripped Castiel's waist and pulled him in close. "Next time you go on a mission, I'm coming with you." He kissed Castiel hard and dug his fingers into the other man's hips. "No more of this separate bullshit."
"No, idjit," Bobby scoffed. "I told her I wanted to take her home and show her a night she'd never forget." He smiled wide as Dean's jaw dropped. "She smacked me so hard I saw stars." Bobby shook his head while running a hand over the blue streaks. "Should'a seen her face. She watched the blue spread across my cheek and her eyes filled with tears, not that she'd ever admit it. I didn't know what the hell she was starin' at until she showed me her hand, and Jesus," Bobby chuckled, "I couldn't believe my luck."
"Dean," Castiel stopped him my covering his mouth with his hand, "no one could've known that he was going to follow me, let alone try and stab me with a pocket knife," he rolled his eyes and huffed. Dean mumbled something under Cas' hand and rolled his head to the side. Castiel released his hand, only to rest it on his friends chest. "Besides, it's was only two stitches and I seem to remember the guy needing about five more in his face after you were through with him," he accused with a raised eyebrow.
Dean changed quickly and hopped into the Impala, glancing at the pool house one last time before pulling out of the driveway. He tilted the rear view mirror and glanced at it every few seconds until his house was a speck on the horizon.
“Okaaay,” Gabriel clapped his hands together. “Now that Cassie is done being totally dramatic, why don’t I make some tea and we can talk this out?”
Castiel licked his lips and smiled. Dean watched as the witch’s tongue wet his lower lip before sharply turning his head towards the pot.
Dean thought. He was waiting for her to make a comment about him not having money since he wasn't a fancy whatever like the rest of Cas' family was.
"It was wonderful to see you again," Dick said, raising to shake Michelle's hand. "And Dean," he reached out his hand towards him, "nice to see you're keeping up the Winchester name."
Dean huffed through his nose, disturbing the dust on the mantle. "Yeah," he grumbled. "Yeah ok, Sammy. I get it."
“I’m fine. Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel rose quickly from the water and grabbed his towel, slinging it around his waist before walking into the changing room.
He stirred a brown, thick sauce in a pan while squinting at a cookbook on the counter. He muttered to himself while reading, checking off the ingredients as he added them to the pot.
The witch’s breath caught in his throat and let out an involuntary moan. His hands slipped off the edge and sunk into the water as he leaned into Dean’s touch. He rolled his head to the side and sighed heavily as Dean worked out the knots in his back.
The man huffed and lowered his head, revealing a blue streak across the back of his neck. He mumbled to himself quietly between sips of his beer.
Dean grunted as he heaved a splintered rocking chair off the porch and into a dumpster Bobby had delivered without Dean asking. It's a shame, too. It's handmade and beautifully carved with vines and flowers climbing up arm rests.
All at once, Castiel's body was covering Dean's, pressing him down into the mattress. Their mouths working against each others messily as Dean's fingers raked through the witch's hair. Castiel rolled his hips against Dean's and gasped when he felt the friction.
Castiel groaned and pushed Dean backwards until he hit the table. His hands gripped the bottom of Dean's shirt and tore it over his head and immediately placed them on his chest, fingers trailing down his sides.
Dean looked around the room, making sure he was alone before stripping off his towel and leaving it on wooden peg sticking out of a pillar. He lowered himself into the bath and closed his eyes, basking in the hot water rising to his chest. He hummed to himself and let his fingers glide through the milky water. A few quiet minutes passed until Dean heard the creek of a door being opened. He opened his eyes to see Castiel standing at the opposite end of the bath. His heart sped up as he watched the witch walk towards him.
"Michelle," he exhaled smoke through his nose, "no harm was done. If anything, Dean reinforced the idea that Alistair was going to betray Dick." He sighed and rolled the burning end of his cigarette in the ashtray. "And
Castiel held him tight, giving Dean everything he could. Adoring, relishing, savoring and absolutely for the first time–loving. He was loving Dean and Dean was letting him.
Dean spent the rest of the night sitting on his couch, staring blankly at the TV. He thought about texting Sam and letting him know about his new business venture, obviously omitting the part where he's basically selling his ass for his brothers college degree. Thinking better of it, he pulled out his phone to text someone else.
The day started off fighting with Sam because he forgot to buy coffee. He NEEDS coffee, and Sam knows this. He had to suffer through Sams’ spiel about how “smoothies would be better”, and “you’re too dependent on caffeine”. Says the moose who requires fucking kale to function properly.
"Hey, hey it's alright. We're gonna take care of it. But for now, I need you to come inside with me ok? I know you don't really like the tub but I need to be able to keep an eye on you." Castiel backed further away from Dean as he wrapped his arms around his stomach. "Cas, come on," Dean pleaded, reaching out his hand. Castiel wasn't even registering that Dean was talking to him, he was lost in panic, so Dean took matters into his own hands. He stripped off his pants quickly and jumped into the pool, wading carefully over to Castiel. He held out a hand and let it skim across the water until it bumped into Castiel's arm.
The creature raised a scaly eyebrow in confusion before shaking his head. He opened his mouth and the same gargling sound filled the room as before. Dean flinched at the noise and held up a hand. "Don't hurt yourself, man. If you can't talk that's cool. I probably talk enough for the both of us." The creatures lip curled up into a legitimate grin and Dean had to hold back a gasp as his white teeth scraped over his lower lip.
"Castiel, I think you're forgetting who's in charge here," Michelle said as she stood. "I'm open to negotiating but I will not be
Dean’s narrowed eyes are darting around the circle before they land on his friend. “Well, come on I guess.” He snuffs out his cigarette and stands up, holding his hand out towards Castiel.
"Wait," Dean grabbed Cas by his shoulder. "Um, would it be okay if we--," Dean shook his head to clear his thoughts and hooked his finger over his shoulder, "could we do this in my room?"
"Tried," Dean shrugged. "Mostly I talked. He tried but it just sounded kinda...I dunno, painful? Like he was gargling. Seemed to understand me though."
"Ollie?" the witch called out, her grip loosening on Ellen's arm. The porch creaked as Dean slowly descended the steps, catching Sam's attention. He shook his head quickly in a warning.
She chuckled and sat back in her chair, elbow propped up on the arm of her chair holding her cigarette lightly. "Yes, we must. The job needs to be done now. Tonight."
"B-but thank you," Dean added quickly. "I never turn down a good slice of bacon." He stuffed the whole piece in his mouth and chewed obnoxiously loud.
“…..and then, with a swing of his silver knife, John sliced off the evil vampires’ head and saved the day. The end.” Sam whispered the last lines of his made-up story. He tucked the blanket up under their chine and brushed the hair from Dean’s forehead. “Night, guys.”
Castiel blinked as the familiars words registered. “Oh, yes.” He stood quickly and went to the cupboard. He pulled out two bowls and grabbed a hard loaf of bread on the way back to Dean.
Dean huffed. "I don't get it. The way Cas made you out to be was---nothing like this," he waved a hand in her direction.
Purple electricity shot from her fingers. The sigils glowed a brilliant red and scorched themselves into the metal of the cage.
“Nice doin’ business with ya,” Dean said before biting off a chunk of the jerky. He walked towards his brother and bumped him with his shoulder. “Want some?” he asked, waving the meat in Sam’s face.
They are the oldest, dustiest, most ancient pair of headphones Dean has ever seen. He tilts his head back and laughs. Hard.
He burst through the moss curtain and ran straight for the dark haired man. The sound caught the man’s attention and he turned, immediately holding up a hand.
Bobby drained his beer and set it down between the two before turning to look Dean in the eyes. "You believe in shit that can't exactly be explained, son?"
"Wish I could hear you," Dean hissed. "Hear all those pretty sounds you make when I fuck your hole."
Castiel's frowned deeper and patted Deans hand before pulling it away. "I have some things to tell you, and you---you're probably going to be very upset about them, but it will help you understand. And if at the end of the discussion you want to walk away from this," he gestured between them, "I'll understand."
"Got it. Don't like tomatoes," Dean chuckled as he took the tomato and popped it into his mouth. The brothers sat and watched Castiel pick apart the sandwich and then put it back together again before taking a hesitant bite. His sharp fangs sunk easily through the bread and meat as a happy sound rumbled in his chest.
Castiel nodded, mentally taking note that food made Dean seem very happy, and brushed past the curtain. He gathered firewood and tossed them into the fireplace before swinging a large black pot over the stack. He looked down at his hands and contemplated for a moment.
Before he registered what was happening, Castiel reached over and placed one hand on top of Deans. "Dean, I don't mind that you wear them, for whatever reason."
They held hands as they walked up the sidewalk and pressed the doorbell. Dean looked over to Castiel who was obsessing over his trench coat, wiping his hand down the front to release any wrinkles.
"No, baby," Ellen shook her head, "they weren't." She gripped Dean's hand and frowned. "But you know that's not a bad thing right? You of all people know that's not all that matters in this world."
Bobby grunts and nods. "How you plan on gettin' it back there? Sheets'a wood ain't gonna fit in that pretty car of yours."
she hissed. "You were supposed to live the rest of your life in that putrid cesspool for what you did to m--us. The coven was shattered after you murdered her!"
“Not all of us got a free ride because they’re good at sports. Some of us have to work for it. Which means,” he pointed a sharp finger at his textbook, “I have to study.”
and the antique dining room table he was itching to sink his teeth into is covered in mold soaked plaster.
A noise caught his attention but he didn't dare look. He could see two shapes move in his peripheral vision, then the distinct sound of something being dragged away. His chest heaved as more tears sprung from his eyes, little spots starting to dance around in his eyes.
"Thank you, Dean. And as for tricks, Gabriel, things are looking up." He smirked at Dean and took a sip of his drink.
He did it again today. It’s so nice to see him smile. It makes me feel warm inside. I don’t have a name for this feeling yet, though.”
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Chuck called out over the crowd. He held a hand in the air holding a silver goblet full of wine. “It is an honor and a privilege to introduce my son, Castiel, the witch of Splitwood Grove and his familiar, Dean Winchester.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes and smirked before ducking his head into the car and saying something to the driver. He shut the door and the vehicle pulled out and drove down the road.
Meg stood up straight, eyeing Castiel walking into the room with a tub of ice. “Let’s just say she told me about your—how shall I put it— extracurricular activities.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he yanked his hand back. “Fuck. I’m so sorry. I don’t know why—I’m sorry. Really, I–”
Sam was standing in front of the stove in the bunkers kitchen. His phone was sitting on the counter blasting music while he hummed and swayed his hips slightly.
The crow cawed loudly and shook Dean out of his stupor. He tore his eyes away from the pool and stared wide eyed at the bird.
“I thought you got that one down years ago?” Gabriel asked, leaning in to sniff the goo and regretting it immediately.
"He must be traumatized," Castiel chuckled, turning his head to look at Dean. He watched as Dean's gaze shot up from where he was looking before, the corner of his mouth curling up.
Dean grabbed his friends hand and pulled it up to his mouth, kissing each of his knuckles. He took a deep breath and nodded. "A little. Kinda--I don't know. Cas, I---"
Bobby huffed through his nose as he shoveled a forkful of eggs into his mouth. "I think it's best you see for yourself when you get home."
Deans heart jumped into his throat as he felt Cas' blunt nails scrape across his scalp. He nodded his head and let his hand drift over Castiel's spine, feeling the goosebumps rise on his warm skin.
"Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck." Dean stood and paced in the living room, chest heaving as he looked around the house. Lightning struck and illuminated the backyard and his eyes were instantly drawn to the downed tree in the backyard. "Fuck!" He trembled as he imagined those poor children hanging---
"I don't think I'll ever get tired of this," Dean sighed as he closed his eyes and rested his elbows behind him on the rim of the pool. Castiel spun around and kicked off the opposite end of the pool wall, swimming back towards Dean. When he reached the other end, he wrapped his legs around Dean's waist and kissed the side of his neck. "Mm, gettin' slow old man. You used to be able to get here an' back in what? Three seconds?"
When Dean entered the pool house the crow was back, pecking away at it's nest. It let out a sharp screech as Dean approached a nervous looking Castiel.
"Fucking hell," Dean hissed. "There a blanket or s-somethin' in here?" His eyes cracked open and looked around the cabin. He spotted a fire place against the back wall and relief rushed through his chest. "See any wood in here? C-could get a fire goin'."
Dean looked back and forth between them a few times before turning on his heel and storming off into the kitchen.
Sam's eyes widened. "This is...crazy. Dean, this is crazy! She's a shapeshifting witch and you're soul mates with an ex mermaid."
“Quiet,” Castiel hissed. He reached up and pulled a few cardamom seeds from a box and mashed them into the mixture. “Water,” he demanded.
Castiel braced himself on the desk and turned the folder sideways so Dean could see it. "He worked for the old Capo, the one Michelle took over for," he explained.
"I didn't say he was dying, Bobby. It just---it freaked me the fuck out, ok? I'm brand-spankin'-new to all this supernatural shit and," Dean huffed and clenched his fist around the scales. "I just---" Dean watched Castiel as he gargled happily to Ellen. He smiled briefly at Dean before looking at Ellen and whispering "Dean" with a talon pointed at him. Ellen nodded and patted his face with a soft smile.
“A coalescence ceremony. It’s when someone in the family finds their familiar.” Castiel itched at the garland around his neck. “It’s a coming together party.”
“I would be in your debt,” she promised. “One little scratch, that’s all you have to do. Please, little one. You can do this for me can’t you?” She rose off her knees and into a crouched position.
"Shut the fuck up," Castiel hissed, cocking a 9 mm and strapping it behind his back. "I'm not taking any chances."
“What the hell, moose! Who knew you could cook!” He licked his lips, effectively smearing chocolate over them.
“Not pathetic. Sad, but not pathetic,” Gabriel assured him while slipping on a small rubber band to hold the intricate braid in place. “‘Sides, if anyone else touched you I might have to accidentally drop them in a volcano.”
“There’s enough for everyone, guys. Quit fighting,” Sam scolded. “Sit at the table. Cas, wash your hands.”
Dean cleared the lump in his throat and stared ahead, watching the redhead twirl a spoon in her mug. "There a point to this?" he asked gruffly.
Dean's mouth went as dry as the tub when he saw Castiel standing in the doorway dressed in a pair of his jeans and a white button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. He smiled as he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned up against the door jamb.
“Can’t even be away from the damn witch for more than five minutes without—arg,” he doubled over and held his stomach. “Fuck,” he hissed. He flung the door open and headed down the corridor towards the main hall. The servants were finishing cleaning up after the party and talking quietly. A little girl noticed Dean in the doorway and cleared her throat. The others turned and smiled.
scare him." Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head before Castiel's hand whipped up and gripped his chin tightly. "I mean it," he said sternly. "Dean, things are going to get very, very bad between the families and I need you to be ready. We'll need all the help we can get."
Dean opened his mouth to answer but Castiel beat him to it. "We went a few times when we were younger but he was never any good at it." Dean scowled at his friend and took a sip of coffee. "What? It's true. Remember when we went out on the pond at your grandparents house? You were on your back more than you were vertical."
Dean trailed behind him, watching the way his body moved as he walked. He wrenched his eyes away and blushed immediately when Castiel looked over his shoulder.
Castiel smiled and licked his lower lip, sharp fangs shining in the sunlight. He shook his head and pushed away from the edge, smoothly gliding across the top of the pool. Dean watched as Cas closed his eyes and flicked his tail, sending water shooting into the air. His human skin glistened in the sun and his hair flowed around his head in a dark halo. His eyes traveled down Castiels' body (because come on, there's a freaking merman in front of him. What's he going to do- not look?) and landed on the spot where skin met scale. He briefly wondered where all his more human parts were when he was met with a face full of water. He sputtered and coughed, pulling his shirt up to wipe off his face.
Tears welled in Castiels eyes. He cursed his eyes and his brain and most of all his heart. No matter what Dean did or what he put him through, these soft, brief, intimate moments made him fall in love with Dean over and over.
"Gotta say, Cas, I'm really fuckin' happy you're starting to talk. Gonna make conversations with ya a
Naomi came to a stop and turned towards Dean. "Castiel's and my relationship was never very good. Not fully developed. And I suppose that's my fault. I wasn't there for him and when I did see him, he was always so angry." She shook her head and sighed. "Dean I love my son very much and I only want the best for him."
The woman wiped her hands on her apron and quickly walked over, taking Dean by the arm. “He’ll be in his chambers, I can take you,” she smiled.
"Do you have everything?" Castiel asked as he slid into the passenger seat of the Impala, wiping the snow off his shoulders.
Crowley rolled his eyes. "And she needs to be here for that? Can't just tell you over the phone? Text? Snail mail?"
“Wait,” Dean held his hand out to stop the angel. “Might scare it off if we ambush it right out the gate. We should—we have to distract it. Make it think it’s got a chance at infecting you.”
Sam glanced to Dean who's smile didn't match his eyes. "He can't really talk, but we're workin' on it," he whispered to his brother. He looked at Castiel fondly and reached a hand out to rest on the creatures shoulder. "I'm sorry, Cas is sorry, Sam's sorry. We're all sorry, right?" Castiel and Sam nodded and Dean sighed. "Good. Great. Now that all that bullshit's out of the way can we move on?" Castiel snorted a laugh and flicked his tail, spraying the brothers with cold water.
The bell at the front counter dinged . "We don't know honey," Ellen said as she walked out of the office.
Since you've all been so damn patient with me and my chaotic uploading schedule- Surprise!! HERE'S ANOTHER CHAPTER!!
? That---whatever that thing is has a name?" Dean asked, clearly getting more annoyed with each question he's asked.
"I will. And Sam? Take care'a yourself. Don't get lost in tryin' to find Dean and forgeta eat a damn salad or some shit," Bobby huffed.
“Wait,” Gabriel looked to his brother with wide eyes. “The river. We made a fort by the river, remember? We used to play knights and dragons. We would sneak down there at night and tell scary stories.”
Before anyone can answer, Ruby leans over and kisses Gabriel sloppily as she maintains eye contact with Sam.
Dean clicked through the channels until he found Cas’ show, holding his phone between the couch and his hip.
"Cas where the fuck are we doing?" Dean tried to pull out of Castiel's grasp but it only made him hold on tighter.
"Hello, Sam. I'm sorry it took me so long," Castiel muttered. "I was unable to find answers in Heaven. I thought maybe---," the angel stopped and lifted his head. "Where is Dean? I can't---he's not here. I can't sense him."
Castiel sighed and rolled his head from side to side. “Ok. Ok, I can do this.” He stared at the candlestick hard and clenched his fist. “Virtute implere manus, convertat huius candelabri ut autem flos.” He rose his palms up and watched as orange wisps circled his wrists before floating towards the candlestick. It swirled around the silver stick and clung to it as leaves and petals blossomed from it’s stem. The mist dissipated and Castiel gasped as he walked over to the fireplace.
Castiel chuckled and traced the line of Dean's jaw. "I do. To be honest I'm not sure how it happened, but judging from the state of my tail last night, this," he gestured towards his denim clad legs, "was inevitable."
Sam sighed as he ran both hands down his face, turning to face the angel. The frowned as his eyes filled with tears. "I gotta tell you somethin', Cas." He motioned for the angel to sit in the chair next to his bed.
Dean turned around and faced Castiel with a grin creeping across his face. Castiel ran his hand over the other mans face and down his jawline. "Fucking perfect," Castiel sighed.
Dean looked between the two of them like an idiot, his brain trying to understand what the hell she was talking---
Dean did as he was told, squirming on his sheets as he grazed the sensitive spot inside him. He held the phone below his waist and recorded a video of him fingering himself before sending it.
Attached was a video of Huck stroking his cock hard and fast, quietly moaning before his breath caught in this throat. Dean watched as he came all over his stomach.
Bobby slapped his hands down on the table. "Well, if we're all done feeling or feelings, Ellen and I are gonna hit the hay. Long day tomorrow. You got a room we can stay in?"
Chuck nodded. “About a week after the bonding ceremony Rosy went missing. We thought we were wrong and Rosy wasn’t Amara’s true familiar. But we found her in your sisters toy chest one day. She had been killed and made to look like a stuffed animal.”
"Rowena and I aren't, and never were, together," he said quietly. "If you remember, I was married when this happened to me. Rowena was as close as family. My wife and I loved her like a sister." Well shit, now Dean just feels like a giant asshole. "She was instrumental in helping us keep demons and monsters out of the town. Hunters can only do so much, but when you have a witch by your side, there's practically no stopping us."
And suddenly Castiel realized. This was Purgatory all over again. Purgatory, where Castiel had stayed behind because he thought it was the right thing to do. Where he had let go of Dean’s hand, thinking only of his own penance, and not of what it would do to Dean. Where Dean had been so hurt by his actions that his mind had rewritten the scene, blaming himself for losing Castiel.
“He doesn’t feel that way,” Castiel answered, even though for once he slightly agreed with Dean’s criticism of himself. “And Jack is very loving and forgiving. You can easily make it up to him if you think there’s something to make up for.”
Castiel had seen him facing certain death sounding less nervous than he did in that moment. He smiled and turned his wrist so that he and Dean were properly holding hands. “Yes, Dean. This is okay.”
Castiel felt his newly-human heart ache for this man beside him. Dean was full of so much love, and had never been given the appropriate outlets to show it. He had turned his softness to violence, to protecting those he loved instead of simply being open with them. Maybe since he knew that from the start of… whatever was happening between them, Castiel could help Dean create a space where he knew he was allowed to show love. “If you want to do it, then yes, Dean.”
“But it’s Dean!” Castiel tried to keep his voice level, but he could feel that he was close to shouting. He loved being in Heaven- loved being given the opportunity to help make Heaven what it always should have been. But Jack had been his son, and now he was somehow his... Father? Everyone’s Father? His superior, at least. It was hard to wrap his mind around that sometimes. What right did an Angel have to challenge the will of the Lord?
“Okay,” Castiel replied. Even though he had only known Dean for less than an hour, he was sure that Dean meant it when he said he’d always be there for him. He was equally sure that he would do all that he could to always be there for Dean.
Apparently, even without the sigh, Dean had sensed his frustration. “Okay, not that. Then what, Cas? Because I thought… I mean, we talked about this in Purgatory. I said I was sorry, man. You mean the world to me. You and Sammy and Jack.” Castiel was surprised that Dean had added Jack in that list so easily, but he made no comment. “You’re my family and I’d do anything to make you happy. So what is it you can’t have?”
By the following afternoon, Dean admitted defeat. He was never going to be able to come up with the perfect script of what to say. He was never going to be ready for this conversation. He needed to simply have it.
From that first day on, they were inseparable. They spoke in a language of gestures and meaningful looks, of half spoken phrases and obscure references. The bond grew stronger as they grew older, and by the time they reached high school, people spoke of them almost exclusively as “Dean and Cas”, never one without the other.
“I’ve been researching. Trying to find out everything I can about the Empty. Coming up with nothing again and again and... and I guess you didn’t even need it. You were already safe in Heaven with Jack. I wish you’d told me. But hey, I get it, you’re an Angel of the Lord. And I’m just one guy. But Cas, if you’ve ever got a few minutes-”
“The kid at the Biggerson’s. The waiter. I don’t remember his name but he was on the swim team or something? You were fifteen.”
He was asking what Dean needed. After everything, after jumping into the Empty, after Dean’s complete radio silence. And whatever Dean asked, he would do. Dean didn’t deserve this. He’d never deserved Cas.
Dean thought of all the chick flicks that he had certainly never watched. A recurring theme was that the protagonist always had to take some sort of crazy chance for love, put everything on the line, before things would work out. Cas had done that. Repeatedly. It was Dean’s turn.
“But you’re not opposed to it. So… flowers and chocolates and living together and killing God and maybe making out in the backseat of Baby? Is that what you’re trying to say, Cas? Is that what you thought you couldn’t have?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said again. “Can I try again?” He didn’t deserve another chance, didn’t deserve to be anywhere near Castiel, but given the things Cas had said earlier- which Dean still wasn’t thinking about- it seemed like near Dean was a place he very much wanted to be.
When it came time for them to go to college, then, there were no objections raised when they announced that they were going together. They had both been accepted into the University of Kansas, Dean in the engineering program and Castiel in environmental science. They moved into the same dorm room, decorating it together with an eclectic mix of band posters and nature photography of bees that was quintessentially “them”.
"No, I wasn't criticizing Sam's music choice, Dean. I think there is value in all types of music; each one shows a different facet of humanity, while also illustrating that the desires and fears that drive them have remained much the same through the centuries. I meant precisely what I said. I don't understand the meaning of this song's lyrics."
“My little brother,” Dean explained. “He’s only five, but he’s a really cool kid. You’ll like him.” Castiel felt warmth spread through him at Dean’s words. Dean was expecting Castiel to meet his little brother, which meant he obviously planned on spending more time with him. “Anyway, why did you switch schools?”
“I had some coffee yesterday,” Castiel answered. He’d decided that he liked coffee and some teas. Never with any milk or sugar, just the hot juice of beans or leaves. Sam had brought him a few very interesting varieties from farmers’ markets he’d forced Dean to stop at on their many roadtrips.
Riding in the front seat of Baby helped Castiel start to calm down for the first time since Billie had chased them through the Bunker. This was normal. This was what they did.
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Castiel asked- begged? shrieked? He wasn’t sure. He felt that he was inching close to hysteria and wondered vaguely if Dean had already beaten him there.
Bobby’s words certainly lifted a huge weight off Dean’s shoulders. But now he was running out of excuses.
“My happiness was in telling you, Dean,” Castiel assured him. “I don’t require any sort of a response. Simply being and declaring that I am is more than enough. But if you’re asking me what it is I wish I could have? Yes.”
Oh. Yeah, no, that was… He suddenly imagined Sam standing beside him, giving him his best bitch face.
He pulled back on the highway, not forcing an end to the conversation but simply appearing at peace with where it had led. In fact, every part of him looked lighter than Castiel had seen it in months. After a mile or two passed, he reached out and placed his hand on top of Castiel’s, where it had been resting on the seat. “Is this okay?” he asked.
“Oh.” Dean was quiet for a long moment, before responding, his cheerful attitude firmly back in place. “Well I think your dad was right that art is important. And my Uncle Bobby says that talking about stuff is important, and that one of the reasons my dad is so sad is because he never talks. You can always talk to me, okay Cas? We’re friends now, and friends can always talk to each other.”
“Thanks, man. I knew you’d get it. It’d just be too uncomfortable now, you know? Sleeping and getting changed and crap? People need to be able to have a space to themselves where they can go without feeling like they’re being stared at and sexualized.”
“How could you think that?” Dean whispered. But he knew exactly how. In that moment, he remembered every moment he had failed Cas, pushed him away, made him feel unloved. “Castiel, you are family and we will always want you here. I will always look for a way to bring you back.”
Castiel was repairing yet another section of Heaven when he felt it. Pain. Pain blossoming in his back and spreading through his body. But not his body. He was removed from the pain, witnessing it as an outsider.
“Every time you go, it kills me, Cas. But I’m just some guy and you’re an Angel of the Lord and how dare I ask you to stay? It’s like asking you to quit your job and spend all your time with your pet mice. And sometimes you leave because you have better things to do and sometimes you leave because you think you’re doing the right thing and sometimes you leave because you’re dead and I just can’t take it anymore. If you’d died today, Cas- if that thing had taken you- I don’t know what I would have done. I think maybe I would have just never gotten up off that floor. You want to stay? You got it. I’m sorry you didn’t know that.” Dean took a deep, shaky breath and continued. “What else do you want?”
Castiel waited a long moment before realizing that Jack had nothing else to add to his statement. “What’s wrong? I feel the pain, but you can see them. Jack, what happened?”
Castiel and Dean and Sam had raised this powerful being in love, had taught him how to be better than what he was fated to be, had cared for him. And now, that boy was a creature of infinite power and grace, and he was calling the shots. He wanted to be nothing like Chuck, Castiel understood that. But was he really going to hold his Hands Off policy in higher regard than the safety of his loved ones? Would he allow Dean to-
“Could we please just forget about it, Dean?” Castiel blurted, staring determinedly out the window. He knew that wouldn’t work. It was stupid to even ask. But Dean had said that he could stay, had talked about showing him nice things about being human. If there was a chance that he could preserve some sort of a friendship with Dean…
Suddenly, Dean felt very stupid. He turned to Castiel. “You already told him, didn’t you? And you’re just letting me try to explain it like an idiot because you’re terrible.”
It had long been known amongst Angels that when one of their number had been tasked with protecting a specific human, they sometimes developed intuition that alerted them to their charge being in danger. No one was surprised that Castiel, the angel who loved humanity just a little too much, had the ability to sense when Dean Winchester was in danger.
There wasn’t any big Moment after that. They didn’t get out of the car in the middle of an empty street, town, state, world to tell Sam and Jack that they were dating. Once again, the world was ending, and Team Free Will threw itself into the fight.
Of course, nothing that day would work out as he had hoped, and within several minutes, a student he vaguely recognized from his class sat across from him. The boy had sandy hair and freckles, with a wide toothy grin that seemed incongruous with his Black Sabbath t-shirt and bomber jacket. Castiel tried desperately to avoid eye contact, but the boy launched into conversation anyway.
“But millions of people hear this song, Dean. While I understand how it can be interpreted differently by different listeners, I don’t understand how it can evoke memories of a specific person who has no connection to the artist.”
"Dean?" Castiel asked, breaking the comfortable silence that had enveloped their little family. "I don't understand this song."
Now, Castiel was sad. Sad like Purgatory. Sad like Steve working in a Gas-N-Sip. But also hurt and afraid and… and the very worst- resigned. Resigned like the 2014 that never was. Dean had promised himself he would never let that happen. He had to say something. He had to-
And of course Bobby knew that too. “Your mom thinks he’s great. He came to talk to her a few times while he was fixing things. First with Jack- who she forgave, of course. Then just Cas. One thing about your mother, Dean, is she’s always been the one to keep your father in line. Or get him to do the right thing.”
“You got sucked into a pit and I didn’t even have the chance to say anything,” Dean mumbled, turning his head away from Castiel’s in an attempt to hide the blush that Cas could surely feel.
Dean had laughed at the angel's poor phrasing; as hard as he tried, Castiel still often struggled with human interaction. But inside, he was radiating with happiness. Over the years, Castiel had become his dearest friend. Dean wished that they could spend more time together, but Castiel was an Angel of the Lord. He had more important things to worry about than a lonely hunter who got into trouble more often than not and drank too much. Besides, working with the Winchesters was never a particularly safe choice and Dean knew that Castiel had already suffered terribly for his closeness to the brothers. Dean didn't dare ask Castiel to work a case with them unless they truly needed his input, but he couldn't bring himself to stop hoping for those opportunities with each new job.
Once again, Dean would be left alone, grappling with Castiel being trapped in another dimension. Once again, Dean would blame himself for not holding on tightly enough. And it would be even worse this time, as the catalyst for the Empty’s attack had been Castiel’s confession of what he felt for Dean. Of course Dean would blame himself, as he blamed himself for so many things that were most certainly not his fault.
Of course, this wasn’t the first time that Jack and Castiel had discussed Dean. When Jack had pulled Castiel from the Empty, he had immediately brought his surrogate father to the empty field outside of the Bunker. Castiel had asked- had begged, really- to be taken anywhere else, so Jack had brought them to Heaven. It had been many days before Castiel told Jack the whole story. When he had, Jack encouraged him to go back to the brothers, to tell them that he was safe. Castiel refused. If Dean had any desire to talk to him after Castiel’s confession, he would have prayed. He had not. Jack insisted that Dean might not have prayed because he didn’t think Castiel could hear him. Or he might not have prayed simply because he was Dean. Castiel smiled weakly at that, because it certainly was a valid consideration.
Maybe Castiel could do the same. Maybe then, Dean would understand. “Yes, Dean, I think you’re kind of okay. When you aren’t being insufferable. And also I love you.”
But he didn’t have to worry about that, Dean told himself. They loved each other and yeah, they’d apparently been dumb about it but they were here now. It was stated. Out in the open.
Castiel was trembling. Dean reached to card his fingers through his Angel’s messy hair and realized his own hand was shaking too. “No, Cas. I don’t want to forget it. I don’t want you to feel like you’ve gotta hide from me. I just don’t know what to do with it.”
be so hard. Dean could not let his own mountain of personal shit get in the way of making sure Cas knew that he was safe, that he was valued for much more than his worth in a fight against Chuck, that he belonged with them.
“It isn’t typical for Angels to experience love in the way humans do. But I’ve never been a very good Angel.”
“Okay,” Castiel replied. He wasn’t sure why this boy seemed so eager to talk to him, but for some reason he couldn’t explain to himself, he was sure that he didn’t want Dean to stop.
Castiel blushed at that. His mother, Naomi, had told him not to talk about why they had to move. She told him that it was embarrassing and she didn’t want them to get a bad reputation in their new town. But Dean had asked and he didn’t want to lie to his new friend. If he did tell him thought, maybe Dean wouldn’t like him anymore and then he’d be back to being alone in this new town and-
“Dean, I would have understood. I would have left. Of course, I’d want to do what would keep Sam safe. But knowing that you had wanted me to stay, that you wanted me there even when I had been human and useless… it would have…”
“It was Jack. He’s more than just Chuck’s powers. He’s Amara’s too. And also his own. He… convinced it, somehow. I think he threatened to just never let it sleep again, actually.”
“Truth,” he told Sam, expecting to be forced to recount some hilarious misadventure from their youth. There were a lot of those, embarrassing in all the warm fuzzy ways that make them fun to recount.
And so he went to the small party hosted by Dean’s friend Benny and it was loud and crowded and there was too much alcohol involved and they were playing stupid party games and now Castiel was going to lose Dean forever. Because of a stupid college party.
"Shut up. What do you want? We've just finished with the bodies. Not much to see. Stab wounds. Heading to the police station now."
Castiel did write every week telling Dean everything that he was doing very quickly and breifly but then going on to write detailed descriptions of all the new nature and bugs that he'd encountered, the languages he was picking up on and finally would be the longest part of the letters when Castiel would tell Dean how much he missed him and how he wished that Dean was with him.
Sam chuckled. "No it's cool, you guys carry on with Jerry. I'll just stay at the bunker and do all the housework." He joked.
"Dean has loaned me some clothes for the day." Cas looked down at his dark jeans and green flannel smiling softly.
I sighed and got settled in my own bed thinking of how we could convince Pete to tell us what happened with his Dad.
"You don't see me going off to war to get myself shot because I don't have a soulmate either. That's the most stupid thing I've ever heard, Cas."
She was about to yell at them to slow down but the boy sat beside Dean stood up and crossed his arms across his chest, glaring at his older brothers.
Cas went to his own room to get the supply of angel blades and guns before heading to Dean’s car, in the front seat.
"Yeah. She doesn't know for sure but she said that she's ninety nine percent sure. I think that she's right too."
"Stay with him." I ran across the room to grab the shotgun and shot at the ghost who was trying to get closer to Cas and Dean again. "Let's go. Now!" I yelled.
"It happens." Sam shrugged. "Anyway, Cas. I was telling Dean about these Vegan burgers I found a recipe for-"
Dean wanted to apologise but every time he was ready to he would just remember that Castiel was going to get shot at soon he'd get angry all over again.
I quickly set off and heard a muffled gasp as Cas' arms somehow became like a vice around my middle.
I sighed. "One of them hadn't slept in the two days they were here? They were sharing? Why didn't you just give them a single room?"
"So it's a suicide mission then?" Dean snapped, shoving Castiel off his bed and standing up, his arms shaking.
Dean blushed hard, he knew he could easily sit up and hold the glass himself but he knew Cas relished in being useful so maybe he was playing it up a little bit.
"Sam it was the seventies, almost everyone was a homophobe then." Dean sighed, grunting as he dug more.
The guy turned to me with a grim look on his face. "Some girl called about twenty minutes ago saying something was in the room trying to kill her and her partner. We came as fast as we could but the doors bolted and no ones answering us shouting." He sighed. "Think the guy who got the other two is still in there."
Then he had the ones he'd use to tease Castiel, not hurt his feelings but just to make himself laugh really;
I could practically feel his eyes on me as I rode smoothly, and honestly I think I enjoyed that more than actually being on the bike.
But when they didn't bump into the Novak's Dean would act out by throwing tantrums in the grocery store, throwing his toys when they got home, drawing on the walls in his bedroom, screaming at his teachers at day care.
"He deserves to know that he has a soulmate before he goes. You have to state that before you go into the army."
Mary sighed. "When I told you I assumed he knew because of how he was looking at you, Dean. Are you sure he doesn't know?"
"Good morning, Dean. Sam." Cas mumbled, taking his seat beside Dean and taking the coffee mug he knew must be his.
Cas almost sighed in relief when he felt her hand in his, no one will die today. He could make out the car in the distance. They would be there in little over a minute.
Cas sighed but let himself lean against the car as Dean moved the t-shirt, his head had stopped bleeding at least.
There was a small explosion that seemed to come from Cas’ shoulder and Dean thought for a second that he had Cas back with him. But the lifeless body remained; only now Dean felt fire on his thigh.
"Think about it rationally." John snapped. "Dean's five. That kid looks around the same age. They won't remember this. They're probably gonna figure it out when they're older. I'm not having my son grow up with the stigma already fucking attached."
Castiel looked up at the man he was dying on and he couldn’t have asked for a better death, or a worse one.
I got us to the diner and got up, grabbing the first aid kit from the trunk and some spare shoes we all kept there too.
"Could just be wrong place wrong time. Might not have anything to do with that." I shrugged. "But I've dragged up the death records for the town for the last fifty years. Twenty people have died at that motel."
"He will." I agreed. "Dean, you're being a little over bearing. Let's just get coffee, Cas is fine."
Cas nodded and began to stand up, only to be pulled back down by Dean, their lips meeting and their eyes closing as they moved together.
"I just didn't want to upset you." Castiel started. "Sorry I thought you were being unkind, Sam explained it to me. It's a 'pet name' he said."
“I’ll be better.” Dean pretty much passed out after that and drooled on the pillow for the next five hours.
Castiel never really complained about any of them apart from a scowl every now and then, Dean thought it was all fine.
"You landed, with your hand like that on me. But we were at the beach, we didn't have shirts on. After that happened apparently me and you were really happy, talking about colors all the damn time and throwing tantrums whenever we were apart-"
John frowned. "I ain't having this argument again. You know how I feel about it all. I also know that kid very well he's pretty much been raised here. He's as stubborn as they come. You ain't gonna change his mind on going into the army, son. You just ain't."
Dean stared at his door for two hours going over what he was going to say to Castiel when he came back. He practised and practised. There was no way he would make a mistake. He wouldn't let himself.
Cas tried to hide his smile at winning, he lifted Dean’s t-shirt until his chest was exposed and started rubbing the pink paste onto his skin.
He probably could get up and walk around the bunker; he didn’t need to be in bed. If Cas would ever let him get up.
Dean took the iPad from me, scanning over the report. "Huh." He considered it. "Seems easy enough. Think he's ready for it?" Dean nodded out of the kitchen.
Cas coughed, blood leaking from his mouth. Scratches were all over him, bites, forming bruises and cuts which were faintly glowing blue.
Cas nodded. "Your father worked a case in this town twenty years ago." He pointed to a page in the journal. I shuffled my chair closer and looked.
"John says we shouldn't tell them until they're eighteen." Mary interrupted what she knew would be Chuck repeating what John had already said.
I chuckled. "Believe me, I know. The best way to get him to quit it is to carry on doing your thing, he'll let up soon. It took me years until he'd even consider letting me go on a hunt alone."
Mary was sat alone at the bar after a big argument with her parents when all of a sudden her world burst into color just as someone collided into her.
"Look, buddy. I don't know where you're from, but here. We don't condone that kinda behaviour. Not in this motel."
"Right, can you tell me what happened? The full day, in your own words." I took out my notepad to take notes.
"So get this, Franklin had another kid. This guy called Franklin Moone jnr. He died just after Franklin shot himself at his own house, three states over. A slash wound probably made with a steak knife."
"There we go." Dean chuckled and warmed his hands on the fire, waiting for it to go down. "You are shovelling this all back on, Sammy. My knees are gonna give out."
Soon enough Dean was sulking when Castiel had to leave but was quickly soothed with the promise that he would be back soon and they'd be going to school together at the end of summer.
After explaining everything to her Mary sighed, telling Dean that she was worried that this might end up happening.
"It's not really something friends call each other." Dean groaned, he really wanted to be anywhere else right now.
"Right, 8 rooms, 6 if we don't include ours and the victims. I'll take rooms 3 and 4. Dean you take 10 and 13. Cas you get  15 and 23. Tell them whatever you need to, tell them to come back in the morning and get their stuff."
"But it is curious. He barely made any notes when most of the others are very thorough, even if they are mostly in code..." He pursed his lips thoughtfully.
Dean chuckled. He had missed Castiel terribly over these few weeks that he'd been avoiding him. He thought to himself that he could control his mouth for at least ten minutes.
Cas’ eyes stayed open after that, staring directly at Dean’s face, a small smile playing on his blood stained lips.
She was more than happy to let Dean play with them whilst she supervised Sam experiencing sand for the first time and John promptly fell asleep in the sun.
Mary and John were both squinting in the sunlight, their two young boys weren't phased by the bright colors of course.
Dean ignored me again, looking to Cas. "Course you're coming. Say we meet at the car in twenty minutes?" Dean turned to me.
I grit my teeth. "I see. So they were sharing the bed, they weren't just friends. Were they acting suspicious at all? Anything odd about them?"
Fifteen minutes later John Winchester had come outside wiping blood from his lip with a cocky smirk.
"He said that he doesn't know what he's done but you're angry at him and he wanted to know if you'd mentioned anything to me. I'm pretty sure he's gone on a walk because he thinks you don't want him here." Sam laid it on thick, knowing exactly how to get under Dean's skin with this stuff.
"If they do then we should tell them but John thinks they shouldn't be raised with the stigma already attatched y'know?"
Castiel glowered, stepping closer his eyes not leaving Dean's. "No, Dean. I'm going into the army, there's nothing you can do to stop me."
"Alright, whatever you need Castiel." I grinned, upping the game of who could make the other blush the hardest. "You wanna be on the back this time?"
Cas nodded back and attempted to smile. By the sympathetic yet understanding look he received from Dean, he knew that his attempt to smile was pathetic.
Dean tried over the years to not use the ones that clearly hurt Castiel's feelings, opting to go for Dumb ass and Idiot most of the time, but sometimes the others would come out.
"I had an iron bar right beside the bed, I coulda just used that but I-I didn't think." Dean grit his teeth. "I could of got the son of a bitch before he hurt Cas. But I didn't." Dean sighed, hand over his face.
I tried my absolute hardest not to laugh as his breathing got quicker even as we slowed down getting back to the top of the tunnel.
He avoided Castiel and only spoke to him when he needed to, leaving Castiel and Sam to bond most of the time. Dean could see that Castiel was catching onto being avoided and he hated it but he had no excuse he could give to the guy apart from;
"They might be a bit big on you but they'll do the job." I threw the folded pants and jacket in his direction.
Cas turned and saw Kim starting to lag behind and the croats were catching them up, he reached a hand behind himself for her to grab and pull herself forwards.
He didn't even have time to think of anything with Sam blabbering about some vegan recipes and then the entrance opening and Cas coming down the stairs.
"You said this past couple months has been hard, imagine a year of it. Imagine if you die out there and I'll feel like that for the rest of my life." Dean searched Castiel's eyes for any understanding but Castiel's eyes just welled up with tears that he kept trying to blink away.
I ripped my arms from around his waist and grabbed the handlebars, only just managing to steer us away from the wall yet we still flew straight over the handlebars, Cas' body making a huge smacking sound as he hit the concrete and me landing straight on his leg.
"He's your friend too, Dean. More our friend." Castiel explained to Sam. "I'm sure you could meet him if you wanted to." Cas sat down and Dean passed him a beer.
He went to Castiel's house and quite literally dragged him to Dean's bedroom, shoving him inside and slamming the door shut.
Dean held his hand up to stop him. "Well I remember when I was real small I went to the beach and I only remember little bits of it, but I remember that there was no color, Cas."
"Yeah, dude. He's just looking out for us. That's what he does. Tell him about the vamps if you want but it won't be anything."
"It's been six months since I heard anything from you. I didn't even know if you were fucking alive, man."
“Fine.” Dean started sitting up. "If you tell Sam then you're sleeping in the dungeon forever, and I won't bring you coffee."
I sighed, holding the bridge of my nose. "Did you stop arguing for long enough to get information at least?"
"Dammit Cas." I shoved his phone in my pocket and ran to the garage to check if his car was still there.
"SHIT!" I ran to him, he sat with the bike still on top of him, with a pout to rival Sam's when he was 8. "You okay?"
“Oh God, Cas.” Dean stroked a hand through Cas’ messy hair, looking to the wings which were burned into the concrete, still hot with smoke rising up. “I'm so sorry.”
"Get on then." He scooted further up the bike for me to get on. "Ready?" He asked once my arms were secure.
He and a few of the younger Novak boys were all burying each others legs in the sand, laughing and shouting to one another.
“It’s medicine.” Cas ignored the massive drop of the ‘medicine’ on his face and tried bringing the glass to Dean’s mouth again.
Dean spent the entire two days with him and even insisted on driving Castiel to the airport, his family trailing behind in their car.
Dean sniffed and got into some boxers, crawling into Cas’ bed, hugging the pillow that smelt the most like Cas.
"C'mon." I lifted the bike off him and he grabbed my arm (unnecessarily) to hoist himself back up. "We'll try again."
"Dean, you can't blame yourself for this. Cas is fine, just a bit of blood. We're gonna burn this ghost. It'll be a funny memory of you guys cuddling in bed." I smirked.
The beer did help his nerves on what he would speak to Castiel about, he couldn't just carry on ignoring him now but he couldn't say his speech in front of Sam. It was ruined.
"Sure." I rolled my eyes and stood up heading to get my bags together, trying not to smirk when I heard Cas thanking Dean for the coffee in his grumpy morning voice.
"Okay, so I was thinking that I speak to the manager of here since he only saw you and Dean. Ask him a few questions. You and Dean can go to the morgue and check the bodies and speak to the police. Sound good?"
As soon as Castiel was out of hearing and looking distance Dean's face dropped, the brave mask he'd been wearing slipped.
"There's a pride event on in town, not many of those around here so everyone swarms here every year. Everyone says to avoid this motel because of the douchey manager but we didn't think he would be that bad." Sarah huffed.
Mainly because I had turned the GPS on his phone on. Plus I'd yelled at him enough about randomly leaving mid conversation or without telling anyone. He was making an effort to at least tell me when he left, but that usually consisted of him saying goodbye and then leaving before I had even processed that he was going somewhere. Freaking angels.
His final moments would be looking at his best friend, Dean Winchester. The man he’d given everything for. The man he loved. Then again the man he loved was in pain, hurting and crying over him and Cas couldn’t do anything to comfort him, he could barely move.
"Well, I'll tell you the story." Dean beamed. "When I went to the beach there was no color and I was playing in the sand with you. Your brothers were being dicks-"
"Uh-huh. So you spending most of the time in your room and Cas looking like he wants to cry all the time is just a coincidence huh?"
"I asked some of the men that I was with if their relationship with their best friends were similar, if they were missing them as much as I missed you and they all thought that I was weird. So I tried to be more normal. Like Mom always said I should be." Castiel wiped a tear away from his cheek.
"Because I think your Dad is killing these couples, Pete. He's a ghost. He attacked my brother and my best friend last night."
Mary nodded. "It's the only thing that explains the tantrums and how they're both suddenly into colors. Dean never mentioned anything like it before."
I laughed, walking into the garage, just as Cas was coming up the tunnel with another big grin on his face.
"You shouldn't leave your phone around. What if you'd been kidnapped or something? We wouldn't have been able to track you down."
"Let's light this bitch up." Dean grinned and poured salt over her, handing his matches to Cas. "Go on buddy, first official salt and burn you get to do the honors."
Both men sighed and sat opposite each other, they were in the bunker, one of the last safe houses for survivors;
"Sup with you and Cas?" Sam asked, no 'hey dean, how are you?' nothing like that, just straight in there.
"You're hilarious, Cas." I clapped him on the shoulder, my hand lingering on the leather. "You look good."
Mary heard Dean starting to throw his toys from the naughty step, yelling that he wanted to see Castiel.
The youngest soulmate meet up they'd ever known was when Bobby Singer met his soulmate at the tender age of twelve.
"Sounds pretty cut and dry. Talk to the witnesses next door, we'll regroup once we're done here. Meet at the diner we passed about a five minute walk up from the motel?"
Once Cas and Dean were out of the car the five immediately started running towards the undoubtedly croat-infested store.
So Dean was left knowing that Castiel was his soulmate and had been all along and Castiel had no idea.
"Of course I want him here. That dumb idiot knows that." Dean rolled his eyes. "Is his GPS on? It's getting late."
"Yeah, I didn't mean to say it. Sorry, Cas." Dean turned around, finally facing him. Castiel stood there looking just like normal. Not confused, not angry, not happy, not sad. Just normal and that scared the hell out of Dean.
The night went by as usual for the Winchesters, the only thing different was the constant mention of Cas from the beach with the awesome eyes.
"We can fight about this until we're blue in the face, we ain't gonna agree. But please, Cas. Think about what I'm saying."
I shook my head. "At least one death in each room. Different kinds of people too. But look, in the last fifteen years they've all been two men."
Not like it was in the movies with the gasps and the sudden realisation. All brought together with the perfect kiss with the fireworks behind the new found soulmates.
"I'm trying to do an investigation here guys, mind keeping it down?" I scowled at them the most I could whilst keeping in FBI mode.
Birthdays, weddings, christenings, funerals, driving lessons, new babies, family arguments, heartbreaks, girlfriends, secret boyfriends, drinking, prank wars, vacations.
“I love you, Cas.” Dean said in enochian, one of the phrases Cas had taught him a few years ago, he kissed Cas’ hair then his forehead.
Dean glared at his phone but put it down. "Cas hasn't annoyed me. Tell him that he's looking into things too much."
“I don’t care, it doesn’t have a label. You are not rubbing anything on my chest if it doesn’t have a label.”
Cas nodded. "The police did say they suspected the two men were in a relationship but until they contact the families they can't say anything."
"It's probably in our heads, Dean." Castiel shook his head. "It's a habit. That's what my Dad said. He said that we're just so used to being around each other that it's unfamiliar not to be."
"I MEANT TO SAY BUDDY OKAY!" Dean yelled, his face in his hands as Sam cackled even more, his arms around himself.
She had come clean on his eighteenth birthday, whilst Castiel was busy with John and Sam putting a bow on the impala.
Dean collided into his body, trying to let him know everything with the hug, knowing for a fact that Castiel would never catch on.
"I know he is, I just want him to get some sleep." Dean rolled his eyes getting himself changed, not caring about my eyesight or my brain needing bleach."He puts too much on himself, I just want him rested up and ready."
Dread that her son had a soulmate so young and would be terrorised that they were both male in a small town in Kansas.
Mary was about to give in after Dean had thrown all of his dinner on the floor and just take him to the Novak's house when there was a knock on the door.
As if on cue, Cas opened the door with a glass filled with an orange/green ‘liquid’. It had chunks of brown things that looked spiky.
"It could be. We need to find out how many other gay couples that are here and get them out. Now." Dean sighed. "What excuse can we think of?"
"Refusing to give the two vics a single room because of their 'lifestyle choice' as he said. Seemed real bugged out by you and Cas too when you were arguing, I think he thought that-"
"Just covering up some loose ends, see I was reading the case earlier. Just out of curiosity. Something just didn't feel right about it. The way he shot himself, it doesn't match with any of the ways I'd seen before. And then, your big brother dies just days later. Shoots himself, same make of gun, same bullets. Only this time the suicide was actually believable. You wanna explain that to me, Pete?"
Mary heard a child like scream from the other side of the door, opening it to see a very exhausted looking Chuck Novak with Castiel lay by his feet screaming at the top of his lungs, feet stamping on the floor.
"Whatever is the greasiest and most delicious for me and this guy. The healthiest and grossest for him." Dean smirked.
"I need the money, man." He sighed. "I know it ain't right, but it's not like they'll be missed by much right?"
