“Turn around.” She instructed.
He unstrapped and picked up his daughter, careful not to catch her legs on the high-chair as he moved her into a sitting position, using his chest to support her back and his arm as the base, he held her as though she were sitting on a chair. With his other hand, he picked up the keys, it had become something of her favourite toy and leaving them there was not an option. He sat on the sofa and placed Maeve, carefully, so that she was sat beside him, two pillows behind her back keeping her up straight and she looked around the room. He watched as she lifted her head and her pale neck was exposed. He touched it with one finger, tickling slightly. Maeve jerked and gurgled as if to say ‘dad.’ He stopped and smiled down at her.
“Good day?” John asked. He’d managed to get the buggy out of the building without any help.
“You like it then?”
“She’s overstimulated.”
John nodded and glanced around the room. “Honesty?”
Mycroft smiled at the image. “And us?”
“Everything.” Mycroft confirmed with a nod of his head.
“She was.” Mycroft corrected him. “Everybody dies. It’s the one thing human beings can be relied upon to do. How can it still come as a surprise to people?”
“Your mother has a lot to answer for.” She told him with a slightly disapproving, but fond raised eyebrow as she picked up the cup and saucer and handed them to him. Sherlock took the saucer from her in one large hand and moved it to hover above his lap, with his free hand he picked up the cup and sipped his tea.
Anthea nodded. “Two months before the first kid was kidnapped.”
Greg snorted in amusement.
Mycroft Holmes was not squeamish.
Carol and David exchanged a glance. David answered. “Louise was always…harder to deal with, she required a lot more attention.”
“Fifty-four seconds.” He corrected. Maeve shifted slightly against him, not quite asleep yet.
“Sunday” His mother repeated, her voice full of love and excitement. Sherlock rolled his eyes and stalked out of the room and into his bedroom. He looked down at the Moses basket already set up, she slept fine in it but she slept better with him, and he with her. It would definitely be better, it would make him feel dramatically better after that conversation with his father. Wordlessly he settled against his mattress reclined slightly with his daughter across his chest.
“Shut up John.” Sherlock demanded and sat back in his chair, keeping his arm firmly around the carseat and eyes on Maeve, she looked up at him with sleepy eyes.
“And you want me to have her.” Mycroft looked at the snow on the ground.
“That I didn’t invite you,” he corrected.
“Come on angel,” he tried, cooing as he ran one hand down her sticky back. “Stop crying, for Papa.”
“Give the people what they want.” Sherlock twisted his body and stood up with Maeve in his arms in one swift, solid movement.
“You know what he’s like.” Sherlock offered in explanation.
“Now would be better” Greg answered for Mycroft. Sherlock resisted the urge to heave, ever since the two had become an item they had become annoyingly in tune and while not agreeing with things in private, they always put on a united front, especially against Sherlock.
John smiled and knelt down, offering the infant his hand. She took it, taking two of his fingers within her small fists. He glanced up at Sherlock – still staring intently at his phone; brows furrowing and mouth contorting into a thin line – and then focused back on his attention back on Maeve.
Siger remained behind the sofa, he cleared his throat and suggested. “Why don’t you take her upstairs?”
“Did Uncle ‘Croft do tummy time with you?” Sherlock asked her, voice rumbling in his chest and against her small body as she continued to cry. His lips moving against her forehead as he refused to peel them off of her skin. He ignored the looks that both men shot him, John in complete confusion and Mycroft in surprise, it wasn’t a nickname he’s used since being a child but it felt appropriate now.
Sherlock glanced up at the clock.
Mycroft shook his head.
“Your father just needs some time to calm down.” Mycroft told his niece as they strolled through the garden, or rather, he strolled with her against held in his arms, sitting up with her back against his chest and his hand on her stomach, keeping her both in an upright position and close to his body. She looked out at the gardens, blue eyes flicking over the boards of flowers and bushes, the green grass and cloudless blue sky.
“I won’t let her out of my sight” Mycroft assured him. He understood immediately what his younger brother was trying to say and nodded.
“Are you expecting my brother back anytime soon?” He sat in the low red armchair, his attention immediately flicking to his niece as she stared up at him.
“Want to try the gel?” John asked, looking up from his laptop.
“Sherlock,” John stepped in, literally getting up and stepping towards the consulting detective, “Mycroft meant nothing by what he said, he just wants to get this over and done with, like you. So, please, go and play nice for half an hour.”
Sherlock just held her close, rocked her slightly and whispered to her. Eventually she stopped.
Sherlock looked at the ground like a child who was being asked for homework. “I need some time.”
“You got them back together,” John said.
“Shut up and pay your daughter some attention,” John commanded.
“It was necessarily.” Sherlock groused, his eyes flicking down to Maeve.
“Something’s wrong.” He deduced. He strode out of his office, not bothering to close the door behind him, his receptionist, a young woman jerked in surprise and jumped to her feet. He addressed her, “I’m going to the hospital.”
Sherlock nodded. He wanted, no, needed to know everything about John – the things he could deduce and things only John could tell him – just like he needed to know everything about Maeve.
“Promising.”
“You can wait a little longer.” He said more to himself than her.
“Been sorting out the mind palace?”
“You’re getting sentimental Sherlock Holmes.”
“Mothers recipe.”
“Sherlock found her on our doorstep.” John answered.
Sherlock’s cloudy eyes opened and settled on his partner. “Fine.”
“No, it’s just, pretty cool really.”
His eyebrows furrowed, “when?”
“So,” his mother spoke after some time. All eyes moved to her.
Her blue eyes flicked over his face and she gurgled as he placed her in the same position that Jim had had her, the way he liked to hold her one hand on her bum holding her close as her face pressed into her neck. She inhaled and her breath tickled his skin.
There was a moment when Sherlock decided to test the window again, rattling it in its frame. He took his foot off of the changing station and attempted to put it on the window ledge, using the top of the window as a grip. He slipped and miraculously missed the changing station, landing on the floor with a dull hard thud.
“You have something for me, I presume.” Sherlock picked up his cup and took a rather large gulp of the scalding hot tea. It was a little bourgeois for his taste but the heaps of sugar redeemed the beverage.
“Good morning,” Mycroft almost hummed.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Of course it’s a baby.”
John scrubbed a hand over his face. Harry frowned and stared up at the taller man. “You’re not going to sit down, then, why are you here?”
“I’ve been informed that the gardens are rather lovely, a stroll may be in order.”
“Cheers to that.” Their glasses clinked together.
“But you’ve kept this secret, you have a child.” His mother’s voice was low but her tone hard.
“You can’t talk about it.” John guessed.
“He hasn’t phoned, why hasn’t he phoned?” John asked.
“How’s it going?” John laid back down on the bed, looking up at Sherlock from between his lashes as he fought the urge to rub at his eyes. He didn’t want to wake himself up further and not be able to sleep later.
“I bet.”
When he’d wrestled her into the white romper dress with a small pattern of gold clouds and stars, he settled her firmly on his lap and picked up the newspaper. “Current affairs?” he asked her, she looked up at him with a gummy smile, “gossip? What do you fancy?”
Jim nodded once.
Sherlock smiled triumphantly.
Sherlock was hunched over a microscope while Molly flicked through the case file that Sherlock had looked at then throw carelessly aside, she was careful not to wake the baby sleeping in the pram beside him.
John’s eyebrows shot up in surprise.
John snorted and Mycroft was deeply amused.
“A free pass.” Sherlock repeated, carefully considering the words as he rolled them around in his mouth thoughtfully. He kept his eyes on Maeve.
Maeve whined and rested her head on his shoulder, yawning once more.
“There’s no need, brother mine. I’ll see you on Wedneaday.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, he was flat on his back with his head angled towards John’s side of the bed which was now occupied with Maeve, sleeping soundly in the maternity pillow that was positioned into an arrow head position to support her tiny body. She was freshly changed, fed and asleep by the look of it. John had left fifteen minutes prior and somehow managed to be quiet enough not to wake him, he must have been in a deep sleep, something he was lacking in since the arrival of Maeve, not that he was complaining his body could cope on low levels of sleep.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the blonde and his daughter first, then over Harry and the corner of his mouth twitched like it always did when he was deducing a person for the first time, and something was vaguely interesting. He focused back on his partner and the baby.
“Maeve” Mycroft substituted. “She is, well she clings to Sherlock and him to her. She would happily pass the day away in his arms just listening to him, he is quite attentive.”
Maeve has her first round of injections.
“Why does she want to kill her sister?”
“Oh baby” Louise cooed, looking down on her work with a sick sense of satisfaction “you should have listened to him, poor thing.”
Sherlock nodded.
The flat was silent.
The doctor frowned, offended, feeling like he didn’t matter. Sherlock realised his mistake and put his tea cup down, he stood up and darted to John’s side. Hand brushing over Maeve’s hair instinctively. “I…Th-That didn’t come out right.” He cleared his throat quickly. “You don’t count but you do.”
Sherlock placed the book on the desk and stood up, lifting Maeve with him. Her eyes opened at the movement but she didn’t protest as he placed her in the basket, covering her body with a blanket. She stared up at him with sleepy eyes and growled, the sound a low rumbling in her small chest. Sherlock smiled at her and offered her his hand once more, placing it softly on her chest. She jerked slightly and grabbed the hand with both fist, keen to have him close.
Edward nodded solemnly. “I’m still sorry for your loss.”
Mycroft opened his mouth to speak but his mother interrupted. “You must know something Myc, what does she look like? How is she?”
“God!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“They said it would be happening in the next couple of weeks.”
“Routine. Food. Nagging.” Sherlock told him. “Stability.”
“He doesn’t do drugs anymore,” Sherlock looked up at the blonde for the first time with a small proud smile. “I’m a doctor, remember? I know when somebodies been using and he hasn’t. I have nothing to be worried about. One dinner, what’s the worst that could happen?”
Sherlock let out a long exhale of boredom. The consulting detective was reclined on the sofa, still dressed in his dark blue shirt and suit pants, with his deep red wine coloured dressing gown untied.
Sherlock striped himself and Maeve. The shower was lukewarm, not an acceptable in his opinion but just right for Maeve, she was resting against his chest. She startled the moment the water hit her but quickly adjusted, blinking wildly and looking up at Sherlock for confirmation. He snorted.
“Simply juggling being a single parent and work.” He smirked.
“Not with me.” Sherlock turned in time for the blacked out car to pull up at the curb behind him.
Mycroft eyes widened in shock and he unhooked his arm from Greg’s waist so that he could stand directly in front of his partner, grey eyes meeting brown. He took a moment before broaching the subject, “I thought that we’d already covered this topic.”
“I’m very much aware.” Sherlock frowned. “She could have told me herself.”
“We’re going home” he announced, patting Maeve’s head lightly in an affectionate gesture.
“This is it?” Mycroft asked.
Greg nodded and smiled apologetically at Sherlock, who took Maeve and then handed her to John. They stepped into the hospital room and nodded at Mr and Mrs Innes, sitting in plastic chairs beside his bed.
Sherlock kissed the top of her head and placed his hand, along with the small green bath bomb, in the water. It hissed the moment it touched the water and he withdrew his palm so that they could watch it fizz and turn in the water, the green colour oozing into the once clear water. This lasted for about a minute. The fizzing stopped and Maeve splashed around in the water. He smiled, “yes, it’s very pretty.”
“You saw.”
Maeve’s blue eyes flicked to his face and she continued to suck eagerly on his finger. She held his hand steady with her small fist, grasping the finger that he had offered to her and had now been in her mouth for the better part of two minutes. There was saliva running down her chin and over his hands in copious amounts. His other hand was resting softly on her back, a firm but undemanding grip. He was reclined against the numerous pillows on the headboard with her resting on his chest, head on his pectoral and other hand, that wasn’t holding his, lax against his side. Her fingers clenched and unclenched unconsciously, brushing the fabric of his pyjama top.
“Daily.” Mycroft corrected. The edge of Sherlock’s lip twitched threatening to bloom into a smile. “I shouldn’t need to remind you that I am not a child, mother.”
“Well you knew this was going to happen, you said so when we first started…you know.” He shrugged and looked up at the younger man. “It just wasn’t meant to be, I guess. So you don’t have to tell me ‘I told you so’ because I know.”
The blonde smiled and nodded in understanding.
“He just walked up to the car and took her,” Sally whispered in disbelief.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and put Maeve in her new pram, laying down and tucked up in blankets. “Good deduction but I was hoping you’d dig a bit deeper.”
“She seems alright.”
Sherlock nodded. He loosened his hold and allowed his father to gently pry the infant from his chest and place her against his own. She whined in displeasure and wacked her fist against his chest. He huffed a laugh and ran his free hand over her head. This seemed to pacify her somewhat, she looked up at his face before dropping her gaze back to his chest and watching her own fingers clutch his shirt.
“I think it’s your job actually,” he smirked.
“At the time, you were also cut off from your trust fund.” John deduced.
Victor chuckled.
“Did you get any sleep?” John asked, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
A flicker of fear passed over Johns' face. He had a point.
“Oh dear,” he finally spoke. She had inherited his colouring apparently.
“Guess.” Sherlock repeated. He kept his face angled towards Maeve but flicked his eyes up to look at his older brother critically for a moment before moving back to his daughter.
“I know you’re scared.”
Violet wacked his arm softly and gestured in the direction of his aunt and uncle, “go.”
“No,” Mycroft said quickly. He spun around to face the grey haired man. “It’s warm.”
“I do know how to heat a bottle of milk.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Greg sighed. “I have kids Sherlock, I did heat milk up for them.”
“Do you need anything?” the elder Holmes deflected.
“Fine, but I won’t be happy about it.” Sherlock stormed off into the bedroom.
“No I’m not.” Sherlock snapped.
“I’m not going to use.” Sherlock told him, his voice quiet but steady.
“He seems genuinely upset.” Greg spoke up.
“Party?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed.
“Well, now they need more assurance,” Mycroft sighed, “I’ll do what I can.”
“You sure she’s ok?” John asked.
Violet came round the sofa and placed a kiss on her son’s head, pressing down his curls.
Maeve gurgled.
“Oh Sherlock” his Mother looked on the verge of tears.
“Sparing his feelings,” Sherlock said and for the first time since he’d stepped into his parents’ house, he moved towards the party.
Mycroft licked his lips and raised his eyebrow expectantly.
“John.”
He sighed in response and admitted. “Fine, we do need them.”
Violet could hear the murmured whispers from the other room but ignored them in favour of focusing on her granddaughter, Siger held her out and she took her from him. She positioned her like Sherlock had instructed her. With her small head pressed against her collar bone, towards her neck and body stretched against hers, supported by both of her hands as she rocked her gently and hushed her soothingly. “Can you make a bottle?”
Mycroft nodded. “It’s safer.”
Louise grunted in surprise.
“You can’t just come in and take her from him.”
“Thai.”
“She will, don’t worry.”
“Bad shape?” John asked.
“It was for a case.” Sherlock frowned and continued to bounce his daughter gently.
“What?” John asked.
“Yes.” Sherlock admitted.
“That won’t be necessary,” Sherlock smiled, “besides I’d be lost without my blogger.”
“What are you doing here?”
The man produced a pile of books, four of them to be exact. They were leather bound and a little beat up looking but the perfect gift. They were tied in a pile with some brown string. John couldn’t help but smile at the sight of it. “Thank you.”
He was trying to get a rise.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and continued to type on his phone, there were pressing matters of state to attend to. Sherlock has Maeve cradled in one long arm and was using the other to feed her, they were sat in the hallway once more on the rather uncomfortable chairs waiting for some sort of verdict.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock nodded in return.
Maeve babbled loudly and bashed her hands against his chest enthusiastically.
John nodded, “what are you thinking?”
When Sherlock woke up it was dark. He felt sluggish but well-rested, he rubbed his eyes and rolled onto his back. There was voices coming from the lounge but they were low, the door was closed then. He yawned and pushed himself into a sitting position. He swung his feet round and quickly pulled on a dressing gown over his pyjama, he first went to the bathroom then walked towards the living room.
Siger took the wiggling baby from his son and watched her face carefully. He looked torn, as though he were afraid that he was going to break her somehow and also, completely happy with her in his hands. She watched him as though she were interesting. If Mycroft were to describe it, he’d say that she looked as though she were watching a goldfish swim around a bowl.
take care of you. His sister is questionable but that shouldn’t affect our opinion on him…much. He is going to take you swimming tomorrow and we’re going for a walk with a picnic. It sounds rather pedestrian to me but mummy is insisting.”
“Yes, but you’re not the smart one.” Siger reminded him.
"Don't worry, I'm going." Sherlock left the room with his daughter in his hand and a smile on his face.
Mycroft raised his eyebrow in a look that spoke volumes of ‘I very much doubt that’ and Sherlock rolled his eyes in response, he stepped through the obstacle created by his chair and handed Maeve to his brother. Mycroft took her with a practised ease that annoyed him and put her in the exact position she had been on Sherlock’s shoulder, she sniffed and grasped at the shoulder of his suit before settling down.
There was no thank you necessary.
Sherlock mocked offense, nose scrunching up and choosing to instead look over at John, Maeve was still asleep but now in his shorter arms, hands resting by her face in small fists. He took a breath and answered calmly, it would be far easier to escape if he was courteous. “I heard a noise and went to investigate, I was hit over the head and knocked unconscious for approximately five minutes, when I regained consciousness I was aware of two things: that Maeve was still sleeping soundly and that they were both in my flat, I bided my time and tried to turn them against each other. Maeve woke and Louise then thought that hurting her was the best way to me” the room was completely silent, only his deep voice filling the quiet as they watched him intently. Greg watching him with deep brown eyes across the desk, John focusing on Maeve but his blue eyes flicking to his partner ever so often and Sally in the corner, particularly affected by the story. She already knew but hearing it from him in this way was hard. “Howard was not particularly pleased with the plan and she used his hesitation to stab him, when she focused again on Maeve I used her turning her back to me as my advantage to tackle her to the ground. The landing was not eloquent and she stabbed me.”
“Part of the process, make amends and that shit.”
The nursery was perfect. The room was cream, the main wall painted deep purple. A black and silver tree was painted onto one of the light walls, with long leaves and butterflies, bees and fairies with flowers lower down. All the furniture was dark wood, almost black. A large cot with high sides and neutral bed clothes, pushed against the purple wall. Opposite there was a dresser unit with shelves, a changing station and on other wall a wardrobe and chest of drawers.
“Not that time, no. They sent me on my way.”
“Just water.” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively.
He let her splash in the water for a moment or two before he asked, “did you like that?”
Sherlock frowned, as if he needed reminding that this woman was his mother, he’d grown up with her. He spun in his chair to face John and bent over slightly to look directly into his blue eyes, “I know she’s my mother. Why do you insist on reminding me?”
Maeve wriggled for a moment before moving her hands into a sturdier position beneath her chest and pushing her upper body up and resting on her hands for a moment, flashing a gummy smile at Sherlock as she did so. Sherlock was beaming at her, a genuine smile of triumph, excitement and pride.
“I…well, yes I was aware but it’s just hard to imagine.” Dimmock ran a hand through his hair, eyes fixed on the baby attached to Sherlock.
Mycroft nodded, not looking up from his work. Anthea sighed. Mycroft frowned but did not look up from his work, “What is it, my dear?”
John started laughing again.
Mycroft nodded.
“Sherlock,” Violet frowned in confusion. “I’m just going to give her some breakfast.”
“Handprints in a light colour, I’m thinking blue.”
Maeve gurgled against his chest, blowing a bubble of spit on his pale chest. Sherlock rolled his eyes but didn’t speak, instead he brought his hands up to her head and bum before sitting up, supporting her against his chest. Her hands remained on his chest, running over the smooth skin there as she continued to mouth at him, leaving a small puddle of dribble.
“New Tenant?” The elderly woman asked, stepping into the room with a confused look. Her expression immediately shifted to that of shock when noticing the baby in his arms, then shifted to that of a doting grandmother.
“Do I want to ask?” John gestured to his naked torso.
“It’s difficult John.” Sherlock tried. “My parents are…particular people, they do not approve of me and my various lifestyle choices, a child out of wedlock and out of love will not be taken lightly. The whole conversation will be a dreadfully boring lecture to me.”
“Yeah, I tripped over his leg.” Lestrade sounded embarrassed.
“This is more than just pleasure,” Sherlock articulated, “he’s in it for the money, we’re looking for somebody with a similar background to the victims, his parent, most likely his mother, married into money. He wants the lifestyle but he hates it, he hates his victims or the original victims he’s attempting to recreate.”
“Yes, thank you.” He said, shooting her a displeased look.
“I don’t think I want to know.”
“Creep,” Sherlock muttered.
Thompson finished, barely managing to contain his chuckle “…what three-continents Watson has been enjoying during his retirement?”
“Alright?” John asked, corners of his mouth tugging up in amusement. He then looked up at the wall and sighed, there pictures, articles and data tacked up everywhere – all information about babies. He didn’t comment on it.
Inside was a soft duck toy.
“Surprised she’s being so quiet.” John chipped in, stepping around the two taller men and sitting in his chair.
Sherlock did not answer the question, “I’m going to put her down.”
“You could let me buy you dinner, as a thank you.”
“Right” John frowned.
John frowned. “Right.”
Sherlock stepped past them all and strode up the steps.
“Mycroft mentioned that you wanted to change her before we move.”
“If you want tea,” Sherlock forced a smile.
“Yeah but you solved it in like a minute.”
“We shared a shower.” Sherlock defended.
“Impatient.” Sherlock muttered to nobody in particular.
"That's normal?" Sherlock sounded a little unsure, a question instead of his usual confident statements.
“No.”
“No, they liked you.” John said, firmer this time.
“Of course,” Sherlock nodded and didn’t press the matter. “And what are you going to do?”
“She was unsure of the plain apple, papaya and carrot.”
“Please.” Sherlock said quickly. He was afraid that his voice would crack is he said more.
“Is there anything you need Mr Holmes?” Anthea asked, preparing to stand.
“Only the one day.” Sherlock managed a grim smile, his head throbbing with the steady beat of his pulse.
“Speak of the devil.” Sherlock muttered and cast a glance at the window.
Sherlock has paperwork to do and dumps Maeve upon her Uncle.
“Not in the grand scheme of things.” Greg argued. Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly but settled quickly. He continued, “They grow up so quickly.”
Maeve squealed again.
“Fine.” Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock levelled him with a look. “She is under the impression that I’ll be bringing my daughter to her gala which starts at eight John, a time which usually sees her in bed, not at a party.”
He took another step.
Maeve squealed again.
She continued, “And you’re together now?”
Clarke picked up a clean nappy and put it on her. Sherlock scooped her up immediately, not bothering with the dress and pulled her close, nose immediately settling in her hairline. John handed him a thin blanket and he placed it over her body.
“I already have a tux.” The doctor grumbled.
Greg nodded and Mycroft gingerly opened the box. The ring inside was a simple gold band with a sliver of white gold through the centre, almost invisible in how it blended in with the gold. He looked up at Greg.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. It would not do well to admit how fond he had become of the infant already, thirteen weeks and she was already his top priority, or one of them. “Yes.”
“Interfere.”
“It’s good to see you eating.” His mother commented.
“Comfy?” The consulting detective asked with a smile, eyes flicking to the cat. He crossed the room and placed Maeve’s carseat on the desk, the movement slow and careful, she continued to sleep.
“Because who’d blame the victim?”
Thompson was the first to speak again. “I saw something in the papers about him being a father.”
“Anthea can handle your schedule, she’s perfectly capable and your meetings can be pushed back or you could teleconference in for the ones that really require your attention. Your schedule is heavy because you enjoy work and have very little to do, which can be remedied now you have…” he paused, crossed the room to look at his older brother and smiled, “other priorities. You have people that can begin the process of making both of your homes presentable. Eve will require little attention for the night, you will need to feed and burp her, occasionally change her nappy and let her sleep. She can sleep in your bed for the night. Our parents will be thrilled to learn they are grandparents, yes, you won’t be able to keep them away but once you’ve explained, they will understand.”
“Nope,” John popped the p and picked up another bottle that Sherlock had left on the desk, “just trying to add some perspective.”
He took her exciting kicking as confirmation, in reality, it was probably a reaction to the inflexion of his voice. He didn’t give it much thought, instead, he picked up the baby shampoo and using his free hand began to massage the product into her scalp. She jerked and tried to get away. “Stop it.” He warned as he continued.
“Can I hold her?” Greg asked, looking up at the consulting detective with imploring eyes.
Sherlock nodded. “Fast asleep.”
“What are you two doing?” Violet asked. Sherlock’s gaze flicked to her. She was stood in the doorway with a hand on her hip, watching her son with a mixture of curiosity and anticipation. She was dressed in a pair of jeans and white shirt with a cardigan over the top. Siger appeared behind her, dressed in a similar fashion; jeans and a shirt.
Victor laughed and John snorted. The blonde added. “She’s well behaved.”
Sherlock glimpsed at him, eyes flicking over his dark suit and the warm expression in his chocolate brown eyes. “Shouldn’t you…be at work?” He asked in an attempt to make small talk.
Sherlock shrugged.
There was an untouched glass of champagne in Mycroft’s hand and the simple but beautiful ring on his finger shone against the glass.
He thought to himself.
Nobody took any notice.
“You could cook this whole time!” John continued, “And we’ve been living on take away for the past year.”
He explained. “If you convince John, he’ll convince Sherlock.”
“How far along is she?”
“Still going by Anthea?” John asked.
“How are you feeling?” John asked shifting effortlessly into doctor mode as he crossed the room to retrieve some underwear from the dresser.
“Let’s wash your face.” John suggested and he took the other sponge, a yellow one that was floating around in the cool water, squeezed it, and dabbed at her messy face. Maeve jerked in surprised and pulled her face back, away from the sponge. John followed her and struggled to clean her face, she growled in warning and he dropped the sponge back into the water, “done, see that wasn’t so bad, was it?”
The detective picked up the baby bag and managed through gritted teeth, “fine.”
“Well…” John started, unsure.
“Yes, dear.” John mocked, laughing as he pulled on his coat and left the flat.
“Right, that’s why you were quiet then.”
John frowned. “Wh -”
There was a soft tap on the door. It opened and John peeked in with a wary smile.
“I don’t relax.” Sherlock spat, walking around the pool and stepping over the detective inspectors legs.
“We don’t have to, he won’t do anything until he’s called.” Sherlock told them all.
“An acquaintance from university. It was never serious, merely a –”
“In theory,” Sherlock announced, running his fingers over the amber beads. “The baby wears the necklace and their body heat triggers the release of oils that contains succinic acid, and when the oil is absorbed, it has an analgesic effect on swollen and sore gums. Though there is no medical proof.” He said, shooting Mycroft a surprised look.
Maeve enjoyed running her hands over the stubble on his cheeks. She followed the line of his jaw with sure but slightly shaky movements, eyes fixed firmly on the skin she was touching and the hair that covered it. Sherlock continued to stroke down her back, following the curve of her spine and stopping on her bulky bum before starting the movement all over again. He was lain on the sofa, feet hanging off the end and head resting on a pillow. The curtains were drawn but not completely shut. Small amounts of sunlight filtered into the room.
“Do you want to put the star on your tree?”
“You’ll have to meet the vicar and attend the christening, of course but I’ll arrange everything.”
“There you are Sherlock,” his mother called as she approached, eyes flicking over him then to the cake, pleased with herself. Sherlock said nothing, he didn’t have to, she knew of his fondness for bees and he was well aware that she knew. “No pink.”
“Can I hold her?” Mycroft nodded and stood up. He watched his brother take off his gloves and put them in his pocket, then pause, and look up at Mycroft through his lashes. He cleared his throat. Mycroft handed him his niece. Sherlock repositioned her slightly and stared down at the baby in his arms, after a few moments he looked up at Mycroft, making eye contact. “She is rather fetching.”
“I told you that I had a case,” Sherlock argued.
He walked back into the empty lounge. He should really call someone, like John, John couldn’t be angry with him for calling if he had an actual reason. But Lestrade would be the obvious choice, being a policeman or Mycroft but that wasn’t going to happen. Sherlock placed the letter on the desk and pulled his phone from his trouser pocket. He dialled John. He never called, the doctor would know it was important.
The nurse either didn’t hear him or chose to ignore him, instead she walked over to the desk to retrieve the correct paper work and then, looked up at him with a friendly smile. She took her seat.
“Can I hold her after?” Chloe asked with a mouth full of chocolate cake.
“Something like that,” Sherlock smiled.
“Right, well, you left me with her when she was inconsolable.” John looked down at the baby in his arms and popped the bottle out of her mouth, to slow her down slightly. “She’s barely eaten, she was screaming.”
“On what?”
Sherlock said nothing. He watched his daughter closely.
“Sit.” Sherlock nodded towards the chair.
Sherlock nodded and John opened the car door for him.
“Just reminding you,” Sherlock pouted.
“He wants her clean.”
“It was a…” Sherlock started,
Maeve craned her neck to look up at her daddy and gurgled. Then she looked back at the fan.
Sherlock tilted his head. “Eve.”
“She’s not crying now. You calmed her.”
“Yes.”
“And well, she’s a three month old baby.” John snorted. “There’s not much else really.”
“Yes.” John said stepping forward. “Yes, I do.”
Maeve whined loudly.
They all returned to their bedrooms after a coffee or tea.
“Oh, that party.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open the moment he heard the familiar footsteps approaching the door, the sole of his brother’s particular brand of shoe unmistakable on the squeaky clean hospital flooring and the hard clinks of heels, Anthea was with him them.
“Gosh, look at you, being all romantic.” John chuckled.
“Yes,” Mycroft raised a single eyebrow, “we can hope.”
“I’m sorry to disturb you.” She said, her eyes flicking to the very active baby.
John raised his eyebrows in confusion, “she will.”
Sherlock gently pried her hand from his shoulder and looked up at his mother, stood in front of him, “I assumed that you would prefer her awake for the church ceremony, John has put her down in the nursery until I dress her and we leave.”
Greg nodded in agreement. They both looked down at Maeve as she began to squirm in his arms, stretching out her scrunched up limbs and kicking wildly. The Detective Inspector laughed, offering the baby his finger and gently tickling her hands.
Moriarty clicked his fingers and twisted towards the doors behind him.
John looked a little surprised. “You bought me a present?”
Sherlock snorted. “Sleep well?”
“I will” Sherlock snapped. “I just want some time.”
“I suppose we should do this properly.” He announced. He reached into the cot, with more caution than he’d ever used before, and picked up his daughter for the first time. One hand beneath her head, cradling it gently and the other beneath her small body. He lifted her up and placed her close to his chest, cradling her in his arms. He watched intently, pursing his lips as his eyes scanned over her body, checking that she was unharmed and secure in his arms.
Sherlock heard the front door open and close, softly, Maeve was asleep then. And after a few moments, as John picked her up and collected the changing bag, the soft treads as John climbed the steps, pausing on the creaking step to check on Maeve before continuing. He stopped in the doorway for a second then stepped into the room with a warm welcoming smile to Mrs Hudson. Maeve was cradled in one arm with a thin blanket over her body, her head was titled towards the ceiling and she snored softly.
John snorted from the doorway and Sherlock glanced over his shoulder. The blonde was lent against the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest and one leg crossed delicately over the other.
“Fine” John huffed, seeing no point arguing with the consulting detective. He had obviously made up his mind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “you’re hardly stepping on toes John, you are a welcome part of both of our lives and we will continue to treat you as such, I want you to be part of her life, John.”
John pulled his legs out from underneath the other man. “You’re such a baby.” He sat up and located his dressing gown on the back of the door. He sighed, his pants were on the other side of the room. “Can you get my pants?”
John flashed him a smile. “I love you.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, instead he strode over to the desk and placed the car seat atop of it, ignoring the files, he twisted it so Mycroft could see his niece. The auburn haired man glanced at Maeve then back to Sherlock, annoyance quickly fading into amusement, the corners of his lips tugged up.
“I know this is a bit of a shock but are you going to answer?”
Maeve dropped back down onto the bed and gurgled loudly.
“You served with him,” Mycroft deduced, narrowing his eyes at the blonde.
He gave her five minutes to properly wake up, allowing her to chew on his finger.
“You are not disturbing me,” Sherlock assured her.
“Need me to bring these upstairs?” John asked.
“Don’t lie to me” He snapped. “It doesn’t work, you know it doesn’t.”
“My file.” He scowled.
“Are there any children plates?” He asked.
“Are you forgetting something?” Sally asked, she was met with Greg’s blank face so she gestured at the baby in his arms.
Sherlock frowned and craned his neck to get a better view at her face.
“It’s snowing,” John said slowly. He didn’t need the lights on to see the eye roll he received.
Mycroft snorted and John called back, “yes you are.”
“We’re staying at Uncle Mycroft’s tonight.” He told her, tone softening. “A sleepover.”
“I’ll go in the ambulance with him.” John called to them.
“Is there something you needed? Other than an excuse to leave?” Mycroft’s smile was all-knowing.
“He is.”
“Actually, I only called you to pick up Sherlock.”
The phone vibrated and began ringing, the screen lighting up.
“She didn’t cry,” Sherlock observed. He took a gulp of coffee.
“It looks beautiful.”
“Robert Innes.” John supplied.
The giggling intensified.
“I thought you loved danger” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
“Can you blame me?” Siger smirked.
“Right, better get you ready to go out with your daddy.”
“It was an accident,” Sherlock said. No delicacy there.
“Come, Sherlock, let’s not make this harder than it has to be,” Mycroft told him.
Maeve’s blue eyes flicked up to his face.
“I know.” John dismissed.
John snorted and followed suit.
“Then home.” Sherlock added.
The sales assistant that was stood close by suppressed a smirk behind his fist.
Jade craned her neck and rubbed her face against Maeve’s feet.
Mycroft scowled at him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and clarified, “Maeve’s behalf, you didn’t want to risk waking her or me, instead you sacrificed your own fun for our sakes.”
Hey I've been super stressed recently so please, just be patient with me while I work on this because I'm in week two of my final year of uni and its super stressful. I will update as soon as I am possible.
“I do not need your help.” Sherlock sneered, dropping his arms and taking a step closer to his mother.
Mycroft took a step closer to the table and John crowded closer to the consulting detective.
“Greg” John instructed. He handed over the baby, still screaming and focused on Sherlock. “The ambulance?”
It was larger, A5 in size. A cheap envelope but felt full, with more than one sheet of paper. His name was scribbled on the front. He turned round, back into the warmth of Baker Street, kicking the door shut with his right leg.
Sherlock didn’t look up from the ground. He sounded like a child. “They’ll blame me.”
“Yes, well,” John cleared his throat. “It’s all part of being a parent.”
“We’ll leave when she’s up and fed.”
“I will return her to you,” Mycroft said with a small nod, grey eyes flicking over his brother. “Once you have calmed down.”
Sherlock managed a smile at that.
John chuckled. He was sure not to be too loud and wake the sleeping baby, she would not be amused if she was woken from her slumber. He pressed back against the consulting detective. “Can’t you deduce it?”
Sherlock was crazy and no longer in the flat.
“Thank you.”
"She can sit in her chair John, while we eat." Sherlock told him, eyes flicking to the bouncy beige be chair they often sat Maeve in and then, back to the blonde. It wasn't a suggestion.
“Hmmm” Sherlock hummed in response.
“The more the merrier,” John said as the man at the front of the queue took the pram away and her settled Maeve into a more comfortable position against his chest with one arm, the other securing the bag on his other shoulder.
There was a beat of silence.
“I did what I had to to get high.”
"She been good?" Molly asked conversationally.
“It depends, are you planning to get everything wrong?”
Maeve huffed in annoyance as Sherlock stopped rubbing in the baby shampoo and quickly tipped water to wash it away, using his hand as a shield to protect her face.
Mycroft wearing a navy blue suit with light pinstripes, a pale blue shirt and darker tie. His auburn hair brushed back neatly and pale skin shimmering in the light through the windows. Greg was dressed down, wearing a pair of dark blue jeans and a short sleeved top, no jacket. He has a large grin plastered on his face.
“Detective’s instinct, I guess.”
“Goodnight, John.”
“No” he whispered to himself, loud enough that only he could hear.
“You work too hard.” She scolded.
“Is that a question?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow at the older man.
“You could have one,” Mycroft said absentmindedly looking up from the file.
Victor’s eyes darted between them, “so, will you take my case?”
“Good Morning Gregory.” The red-head articulated.
His father didn’t react. He crossed his arms.
The blonde and him shared a look, eyes meeting for a moment before the pair broke into a giggling fit.
“Who would have a baby with you?” Anderson asked, looking disgusted by the idea.
Sherlock could practically hear John scrubbing a hand over his face in annoyance and sending an apologetic look to his date.
John pursed his lips. “Well, if you insist.”
“Who was he?”
“Yes, well, as I’ve said we’ve been preoccupied. Work keeps me busy.” He held Maeve against his chest with one firm hand and with the other, closed the baby bag and rose in one swift movement to his feet.
He turned back to the car and reached inside to retrieve Maeve from his brother’s grasp, he held her up and Sherlock brought her close to his chest instinctively. He then waited and took the changing bag and carseat from his brother, with a small nod of gratitude. He walked towards them, holding the carseat with one hand and using the other to support Maeve, the bag was hooked elegantly over his shoulder.
“Right, what did you get?” John said, satisfied.
John watched the art curator expectantly.
Sherlock nodded. “Bed?”
“You were going to leave her?” Sherlock’s voice floated from the doorway. He was lent against the wood, arms crossed over his chest.
The auburn haired man gently roused his daughter from sleep, taking a moment to appreciate the way her brow creased and lips purse together in an unmistakable pout. It was the same look he’d seen on his brother almost every day since he was born. After her eyes opened and he wiped the sleep that had collected in the corners and lashes with a soft wipe, he moved her into a different position, slightly upright but still cradled in his long arm. He was thankful for his father’s genetics in this instant, in a few months she would be too long to rest in just one arm. He lifted the bottle to her lips and watched her drink, slowly at first, then more enthusiastic until the liquid was gone. It was a small amount, at this age, she would eat little and often and require constant attention.
“Yes but I need to investigate the victim’s sister and I cannot do that with Maeve.” He sighed, it was hard to admit to himself.
“No clear views of the face.” Greg sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face.
Violet smiled, not entirely convinced, and stroke the cat with her free hand while holding Maeve with the other. Jade began purring loudly. She meowed to get more attention and Violet bent her knees slightly so that the cat could see Maeve. She immediately rubbed her body against the infant.
John edges closer to her and with his middle finger swiped away a small blob at the corner of her mouth, instead of wiping it away he placed the tip of his finger at the seam of her lips. She opened her mouth, accepting both the food and her finger and bit down with her gums. “We don’t want you to waste any.”
“I thought that it was fairly obvious” Sherlock said, regarding the still crying child. “I’m giving you a tour of the house.”
“Don’t play with your food.” His mother scolded and turned back to her new guests.
John paused and realisation dawned on him. “You made a deal.”
“I couldn’t help her,” Sherlock said simply, voice threatening to crack.
“Tired.” Sherlock answered. He craned his neck to get a better look at her face, her eyes were drifting shut and mouth slowly parting with her soft breath.
“John is picking up Chinese.”
“Take her away?” Violet guessed, Sherlock nodded.
“I worry about you constantly.” Mycroft reminded him. It was something of a mantra.
Sherlock sighed and gestured towards the door. “Shall we?”
Sherlock started counting down quietly, “10…9…8…7…6…5…4…3…2…”
“Hmmm, yes, much.” He managed a smile.
John chuckled. “Thank you, Sherlock.”
“He gone off on his case?” Silvia asked as she and Harold came out of the restaurant.
Violet looked alarmed but didn’t have much time to remedy that as Sherlock snatched the infant from her arms, his face full of worry. He pulled the baby close to his chest, his hand cradling her with great care as he bent his head down to whisper in her ear. “Shh, you’re ok. Everything is ok. Daddy is right here.” He started jiggling, moving her up and down while swaying slightly.
John raised an eyebrow at the obvious deflection. “Yes, after you tell me if you’re ok.”
Also, is there anything you want to see in this fic, I'd love to see some of your ideas.
Sorry I took so long to update but the reasons are thus:
They ate in silence for a few moment, Sherlock picked up his glass and took a sip of his wine, as he placed the glass back on the table he said simply, “You can continue.”
“Semantics.”
“Why?”
“You’re the consultant,” Mr Innes said, recognition dawning on his face. “The one from the papers.”
“You do it to me so it’s only fair.”
“Here is your lovely clean daughter.” John placed the squirming bundle of a baby on Sherlock’s stomach and went back to his previous position at the desk, typing on his computer.
“Ok,” John responded, his voice matching his partner’s in volume. “What do we need to do?”
“Mycroft’s here,” Sherlock muttered, indifferent.
“Has it gone to yours?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows and craned his neck to look at his elder brother.
Mrs Hudson climbed up the stairs and stopped in the doorway, her eyes immediately resting on the consulting detective and his daughter. “Sherlock, what are you sitting in the dark for?”
Maeve was sleeping, her small fists curled up in mittens he’d wrestled onto her hands. She was wearing another insane outfit courtesy of John, it was a simple plain white baby grow with orange pumpkin trousers and a matching hat. He doubted it was the last of the Halloween outfits but it wasn’t as bad as the outfit from the previous day. He considered himself lucky for that and the small mercy of a winter coat and blanket which covered the majority of the ensemble.
John shifted on his chair and cleared his throat, “you ok?”
“Tired?” He shook his head again. “Did she sleep much?”
“There will be consequences,” Greg voiced immediately.
“You should eat some lunch. The restaurant is rather good, your mother and I had ours there yesterday, they do an excellent range of hot and cold meals. I could watch Maeve if you wanted to go and get something.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, leaning over the pram and whispered to her. “You have to have all the attention.”
Lestrade nodded. “There’s something
Sherlock exhaled hot dragon’s breath.
And now he’d disappeared.
Small, one week old. His chest constricted slightly. He’d seen cases of abandonment before but never with a new-born, she was just out of hospital is the regulation baby grow and blanket were anything to go by. The mother had literally left the hospital and dumped her baby. She looked…well, she looked like him. Dark hair and blue eyes, sharp little cheekbones beneath plump cheeks. It was like looking at one of his baby photographs.
“When he wants to.” There was no trace of a smile on Mycroft Holmes’ face but there was only a sliver of worry behind that mask of indifference.
Mycroft hummed but didn’t look up, entirely focused on the files across his legs.
Mycroft always fixed things. He wouldn’t allow emotions, though there was no doubt he felt them, to cloud his judgement.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow. “Not upset with me?”
Sherlock nodded and shifted Maeve into a seated position on his lap.
John cleared his throat and gestured towards his sister. “This is Harry.”
Maeve gurgled and looked up at him. She moved her mouth as though she were trying to talk and flashed him a gummy smile. There were no teeth yet but they would come soon, Sherlock was certain.
“What do you mean?” His mother asked arms crossed over her chest.
John nodded. “Anything else? What does Sherlock Holmes want to do this Christmas?”
“I want to be involved.” Violet said quickly. “I want to be part of her life.”
“Are these questions important?” David asked, voice gruff.
“True.” He nodded. Maeve whined. “Hey, sweetheart, you’re ok.”
Mycroft smirked through the camera.
“I hear Mycroft is doing quite well.” Beatrice struck up conversationally, her smile faked. She was the most conceited of the bunch, the most absorbed with reputation and scandal, the gossip of the group.
“Do we have to leave tomorrow?” John asked.
He showed them to a table further in the restaurant, closer to the back, a square booth with an open side, the tables moved away to allow room for the pram. John slid in, his mother and father after. And Sherlock took the end of the booth, beside John, opposite Harold. The pram close to the table and facing him so that he could watch her.
“Yes.” Mycroft said after a moment. His voice hoarse.
Maeve seemed confused, torn between upset and amusement. She settled on the latter. She looked up at John and decided to join in with his laughter, her delighted giggle was beautiful.
“I promise.” He ran a glove-clad hand over her hood covered head.
Sherlock answered in a soothing tone as Maeve stopped cry and began to settle down again. “The metal nails have been used in two other cases but not with the same M.O, they were overdoses. He’s been practising, working his way up to this, but why her? It must be someone close, a boyfriend or brother.”
“What’s the meaning of this then?” His mother asked as she unfastened her coat. Edward, his father, took the coat and placed it on the stand next to the door, then did the same with his own coat.
John shrugged and moved to the coat. He smiled down at the small baby. “Everyone needs a name.”
“You want to talk.” He observed.
Sherlock looked up at him but there was no annoyance there, just fondness.
“Jealous.” Sherlock corrected.
Murray immediately handed him a pint, grinning like a mad man and then ushered him towards a large booth; placing John on the edge with a spare seat beside him while the others were occupied. The table was crowded full of faces from his army days: Murray, Brian, Lewis, Thompson, William and John. All older than the last time they’d met in this fashion.
“Yes, he apologised in advance should we happen upon mother.” Sherlock jiggled his knee up and down to keep the infant on his lap entertained a while longer.
“John.” Sherlock groaned and glared at the cat. Jade glared back.
"So, the body?" John asked.
“No.”
“Don’t be.” Sherlock insisted. Maeve gurgled. “She is fed and changed, but needs new clothes. I will say farewell before I leave.”
“I heard the door and she was just there, I almost didn’t notice her, me, I almost didn’t notice her. I called John and we took her to the hospital, she was deemed ok by doctors and had a paternity test.” Sherlock rambled. “She is unequivocally mine, there is the obvious resemblance between us and well, there was a note, her mother left a note, it explained that she was mine and she was unfit to be a mother, not that that was in question considering her actions…” He trailed off at the sight of three pairs of eyes watching him with a mixture of sadness and horror.
“Because people are always saying it in an annoyed or angry manner.”
It was John’s voice and it sounded as though he was struggling to contain his laughter.
John smiled to himself as he returned from the kitchen and nodded. “Adorable.”
"I love you."
“Not good enough,” Sherlock growled into the phone, keeping his voice low as not to disturb his sleeping daughter and draw to much attention to himself from the people dotted in the entryway.
“Hmm, yes, Doctor Watson has been rather surprising.”
“God, no.” Sherlock scowled, the very idea was repulsive. “I am committed to being her father and I will provide Maeve with whatever she needs but I will not be a boring parent, I will not nag her to do homework or cook or even provide routine. I will be exactly as I am.”
“Starving.”
John nodded in understanding.
“Amanda had it coming” She hissed.
“Yes.” He answered, tilting his head to one side.
Sherlock blinked. He was struggling to keep his eyes open now, the pain was overwhelming and he wouldn’t be able to remain conscious much longer.
“Don’t take it personally.” John turned his attention back to the laptop. “I love you.”
“She seems …” he peered at the infant, “in a good temper.”
“Mummy” Sherlock returned. His cloudy eyes scanned the room quickly before settling on his mothers. She was dressed in a simple dress and cardigan, her hair in an elegant twist and eyes bright. Then he noticed some boxes and bags beside the sofa, just out of sight but still visible. “You didn’t have to.”
John frowned, surprised by the manners but said nothing about it. Instead, he nodded and crossed the room to the windows, where the phone sat on a small table.
Sherlock was startled awake by a cry. Maeve was awake and crying into his neck, tears wetting the skin there. His arm was resting on her back, a protective grip on her. She needed changing and was probably getting hungry again, he blinked himself awake while securing his grip on her and pushing himself from the backboard into a sitting position.
Sherlock sighed. “Half an hour.”
The blonde twisted his neck to get a better view at the awake but sleepy infant. “Did you grandad buy you a cat?”
The old priest continued, “You have been invited here as family and friends as your prayers and spiritual support in the life of this child. It has been said that in a Christening, Heaven comes down and surrounds the child with God’s love for which the effect is lifelong. We join our thoughts and sincere goodwill, asking that Christ’s peace might embrace this family and are an arc of God’s light surround this child for all of her days.”
“And cause trouble” Sherlock added, finishing with a childish pout that made him look like a teenager.
“He’ll be glad to Mummy.” Maeve yawned loudly against his chest, eyes drifting closed and Mycroft lowered his voice. “You know he adores her.”
“Mycroft will take very good care of her.” John tried.
“There is a twenty-four hour protocol on missing persons unless a child is involved.” Sherlock finished for him with a faked smile as they both ducked up the tape.
The consulting detective nodded. “I would win or allow others to win.”
“Shall we have a bath?” He asked. He lent towards her and nuzzled his nose into her belly, he gave a show at sniffing deeply. He said simply as he pulled back, “you smell like cabbage.”
“Surely you’ll be sending her to nursery soon, to interact with other children.”
Sherlock nodded and John uttered. “Better than a four?”
Michelle opened the file in front of her and plucked out a sheet of paper, she slid it across the table towards the Holmes brothers. It was a photocopy from the front page of The Sun, taken on the 26
“When he sleeps,” Greg added, raising his eyebrow.
“He’s got the money.” John said in disbelief.
“Right.” Greg pulled on his coat and stepped closer to Mycroft. He lent in and pulled the blanket back a sliver to peer in at Maeve, her pale face was pressed against his suit jacket leaving a small path of drool from her parted lips, her dark hair static from the blanket she was under. Greg pulled back, expression affectionate as his gaze flicked up to Mycroft. “She been asleep long?”
“Go to sleep John.” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and pulled his lips into a thin line, a look of fake modesty that said he wasn’t at all surprised. Maeve babbled loudly on the floor. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and dropped to the floor. “Yes, thank you, that’s quite enough, daddy’s working, so quiet…please.”
“It’s a Halloween party.”
“Just so” Sherlock scoffed, leaning forward on his chair and ignoring the pull of his stitches to smooth the soft hairs atop of his daughters head with the back of his hand. Her eyes flicked to him but she kept drinking.
“Shhh there’s no need for that.” Sherlock announced softly, reaching into the pram and picking up his daughter. He pulled her close to his body with the blanket covering her back and shielding her from the others in the room, she yawned against his shoulder as he settled her with one of his long arms supporting her whole body and his hand resting on her hat covered head.
John sighed, “The washing doesn’t magically disappear. Somebody has to do it.”
“John.” His mother managed before pulling the blonde into a hug. She released him and his father immediately seized him in another hug. They stepped back and their attention moved to Sherlock, stood awkwardly a few steps behind his shorter partner with a baby in his arm.
“Well, you still are but you’re not as bad as before, that is for sure.” John continued.
John had backed away from the table to allow Sherlock more access, he sat at his desk and tapped at the keyboard, inserting the relevant medical data for Sherlock and Maeve to update their files. He looked away from the screen for a moment, Sherlock was hunched over the table looking long and delicate. "Do you want me to book her in for her vaccinations?"
“You are a nuisance.” He told the cat. John snorted.
“He insisted.”
“And we would have complicated the situation.” His mother sounded sad. Mycroft opened his mouth to protest but she cut him off, “I know, it was never meant to hurt us. It’s true, we would have complicated the matter for you. Sentiment and all that.”
Siger stood up and sighed loudly, “he’ll have dinner.”
There was a loud crash from the alleyway, similar to the sound of that CIA agent landing on Mrs Hudson’s bins followed by a scream, the scream of an animal, a cat then. The sound of crying caught his ears. Sherlock was up and in the bedroom within a few seconds. Maeve was crying, her face red and tears streaming down her cheeks. John had darted up and was in the process of scooping her up.
“Where?” Sherlock frowned in confusion and looked up from his case file.
The ring felt heavy on his finger. Yes, he was used to the solid gold band he usually wore on that finger on his right hand but now, the shiny new ring seemed alien. The gold ring had been something of a promise. It belonged to his grandfather and he had passed it down to his father on his eighteenth birthday and so on. An engagement ring sat on his left hand now. The thought alone was exhilarating.
Harry pursed her lips and continued, “Happy.”
“He said that if I could contain myself through the ceremony that he’d allow us the country manner for next weekend,” he explained.
The auburn haired man’s head snapped up at the sound of his own name, he looked between his parents and then back down at the child in his arms. “He does have a point.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, taking notice. “You can stop now.”
There was an expectation to uphold.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, just the carseat setting, no need for the whole thing.”
“Yes, well, I like to keep things interesting.”
Greg nodded and stood up, he picked up the jacket from the coat rack he had in the corner of the office. He hooked the coat over his arm and followed Sally into the communal offices of New Scotland Yard. Mycroft was stood with Anthea. He was waiting, stood with his back impossibly straight and a blanket draped over his shoulder with tiny soft white shoes hanging out. He smirked at the sight of Mycroft with Maeve sleeping on his shoulder talking to Anthea in hushed tones as she typed on her blackberry.
“It’s photographs, there is no need to be quite so dramatic.” The elder Holmes scolded, straightening his tie in the floor length mirror.
He sounded outraged.
“Even from you.” Mycroft returned.
The flat was a mess, or to be specific, the kitchen was a mess. The consulting detective had spent the last two hours cooking and blending different fruit and vegetables and placing them in ice cube trays which were stacked up on the table, ready to be put into the fridge. There were also bowls, small bowls covered with cling film. The kind you buy for kids and use for a few months before getting bored. Sherlock had both blue and pink bowls lined up and in each, a different puree for Maeve to try. Maeve was perched in her high-chair watching as her daddy rushed around the room, placing, even more, pots in the sink and surfaces surrounding it. In her hands was a set of soft plastic toys which she alternated between chewing on and bashing against the clear bit of table within her reach. Her eyes were mostly fixed on her father, seeking his approval for the loudness of her actions.
“Yes, well,” John blushed and looked down at the infant in his arms. “I’m a doctor, it’s easy.”
“Quite something,” Mycroft nodded. He could gather that from both his partner and brother. Gregory sat on the arm of the sofa beside his partner.
“He’s a good one,” Mrs Hudson announced when the blonde was out of earshot.
“What else would I use her for?” Sherlock asked mirthfully, lifting his daughter up slightly so that she could see both her Papa and her Uncle. She gurgled at the movement.
“You want me to talk to you,” Sherlock deduced.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and kissed the top of his daughters head.
“Shhh.” John hushed her gently, leaning down slightly.
“She’s only nine days old.”
Sally nodded, before she left the room she told Sherlock with a comforting smile. “It was really nice to see you and Maeve, if you ever need anything.”
“Yes,” Sherlock muttered, the same time Mycroft mumbled, “probably.”
“She’s the image of you” John observed, still watching the tiny baby sleep in his friends arms.
Sherlock rolled his eyes becoming impatient. “You can watch her.”
“You can sit down.” Silvia told him.
“I wanted to.” She returned, knowing that he was talking about the presents she had purchased.
Mycroft gestured to the empty chair, “may I?”
“Try not to start a riot.” John shook his head.
“You’re hardly going to die,” John told him as he stopped the movement and brought the infant to his chest.
“Dinner meeting.” Sherlock deduced, uninterested.
John shook his head mirthfully and walked around the bed, he carefully placed Maeve in the Moses Basket and waited to see if she was going to wake up before moving. She sighed and relaxed, he nodded and turned back to the consulting detective. “Take your clothes off.”
“You need to eat.”
Anthea paused momentarily and surveyed her boss. “Honestly, it’s my pleasure.”
“We can’t stay here forever.” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock watched as his mother reached into the pram and pulled out a rather sleepy looking but awake Maeve. The infant squirmed and released a high whine but settled the moment she was pressed against the older woman’s chest and her head nestled into the crook of her neck.
Mycroft glanced over his shoulder at his younger brother. “I have time.”
John snorted and looked at Sherlock. “No, I believe that’s my job.”
Maeve had sensed that she was losing the battle and started hitting her fists against Sherlock’s legs, before becoming engrossed in the wet fabric and grasping it tightly.
“I don’t know why I ever agreed to this,” Sherlock hissed into the blonde’s ear.
Mycroft nodded and placed the cup back into the saucer. He placed his now free hand on Maeve’s back. “I’ll see what I can do. The south of France?”
Sherlock is willing to do anything to get his daughter back but what will Moriarty want in return?
“You are part of my family John.” Sherlock said with some severity.
Louise paused, eyes fixed on the two new arrivals and knife glittering dangerously in her hand.
“You need to shower. I will feed Maeve and then we will clean the flat, you will sleep.” He listed off. “I will not leave until you ask me to.”
Mycroft walked leisurely down the hallway and stopped in front of the blonde. “John.”
“Yes, it runs in the family. She was particularly fond of the peach.”
Sherlock sighed and admitted. “I didn’t know what to do.”
Sherlock picked up his spoon and stirred the hot soup, watching the chunks of chicken, vegetable and pasta swirl together to create a delicious aroma. “You came to check up on us.”
“Evelyn.” Sherlock repeated.
“She was sick.” Sherlock said, a stern expression on his face.
“Weekends? Summer?”
He narrowed his eyes and continued warily on his path not wanting to be caught off guard. He stopped once more as he reached the doorway to the hallway and glanced over the kitchen-
Greg was left with a very unhappy baby, she whined at the loss of Sherlock as he settled her into his arms, cradling her. “Your dad is a bloody nightmare.” Maeve gurgled and squirmed in his arms.
“And you’re not angry.” The confusion was written all over his face.
“Shut up,” John muttered affectionately and lent down to place a kiss on the consulting detective’s forehead before pushing himself to his feet. “I just wish that you’d clean up after yourself.”
“I’ll manage” The consulting detective shot back, pushing himself from the bed and onto his feet all the while, keeping a firm hold on his sleeping daughter, she jerked slightly at the movement but remained asleep.
“Yes, she’s due a sleep anyway.” John answered.
“You’ll break your bloody neck.” John said from his position on the bed. He was sat with his back against the headboard, arms resting behind his head and Maeve using him as a support cushion to sit up. Her eyes on Sherlock.
“I know that it was wrong of me to leave. It wasn’t about you or Maeve, it never could be.”
“I’m here and not solving a triple homicide.”
“He hasn’t left the house since…well, since Mycroft dropped us off.” John answered and raised an eyebrow. “But you already knew that.”
"You have missed out one crucial detail though."
“Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, eyes darting to the wide open door.
“So this fellow…” Murray prompted, brown eyes fixed on John in amusement and blatant curiosity.
“I love watching you,” he told her, “your mind, the way it works is fascinating. You’re dormant, there’s so much for you still to learn and do but you’ve already learnt so much. I’m so proud of you.”
“It’s just, she’s your daughter…I don’t want to step on your toes.” John admitted.
“I had no intention of seeing her until tonight.”
Carol nodded. “She was here when the police came, she had a hard time with the news and left. We haven’t seen her since.”
“Sorry.” He managed between his laughing.
"Fine." Sherlock responded simply as he picked up Maeve, holding her for short moment and kissing the top of her head, before putting he into her pram. She protested but he ignored it, shushing her and putting the blanket on her, she kicked it in rebellion and he gave up, instead stroking the sides of her face in the hopes of soothing her.
The brown haired doctor glanced down at the file. “She was born breech. Kneeling breech.”
“Will you be staying Mycroft?”
Victor looked far too amused at the situation.
“Is there a triple homicide?”
“No you’re not,” the consulting detective stated and then addressed Maeve, “you’re Papa is a very mean man.”
“What for?” He called back.
“Stop it.”
“Mycroft Holmes.” He introduced, flashing an overly fake smile.
John stepped out of the bedroom, freshly showered and dressed in a pair of clean jeans and a red shirt, the top button left undone. He marched down the hallway with purpose and stepped through the kitchen into the living room, Sherlock was already dressed and up, violin perched on his lap and plucking the strings distractedly as he stared into space, eyes fixed absently on a spot on the wall. The notes reverberated with a kind of repetitive hum that stimulated his brain and kept his hands busy.
“It’s a social experiment.”
“Slashes? Stab wounds?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and he snapped. “No.”
John pulled the consulting detective into an embrace. He stood rigid for a moment before relaxing into the touch. “It’s ok. We’ll work the case and be back for her before you know it.”
Mycroft didn’t read much into it, was nothing more than the look of a concerned parent. He calmly explained, “She decided that eating was not on the agenda tonight. As I mentioned, she was rather excitable. She was giddy throughout dinner, laughing and completely unfocused on the task at hand. When she decided to eat her baby rice, she favoured spitting it out and throwing it at me. She wasn’t dull so I have her the bottle, as instructed, and she drank it too fast and made herself sick. She is absolutely fine.”
It was incredibly endearing.
“Alright mate” A voice pulled him from his head. A large man was stood in the hallway, wearing overalls covered in specs of pain. “Finished the nursery, we’ll be leaving now.”
“Are you here for a reason?” Sherlock asked, retaking his seat and biting a chunk out of his toast.
“You are a big baby.”
Mr and Mrs Innes looked scandalised but Robert was quick to answer, as quickly as he could manage. “He said th-that I was boring, n-not like the others.”
“Plenty of time.” John agreed.
He crossed to the chair that was rightfully his and sat down, his posture straight as his niece snored against his neck, her breath warm and moist.
Sherlock turned back, his body facing the mirror as he jiggled his daughter in an attempt to wake her.
A heat wave had hit London. A sweltering heat that offered no heat had descended, with hot sticky days that lasted well into the evenings, and no cool air for relief. A small desk fan rotated, spreading slightly cooler, stagnant air around the stuffy room and the windows were open as wide as possible. The curtains were drawn, leaving a small gap for light to travel into the room and in a desperate attempt to keep the room as cool as possible. And John, John Watson was in trouble.
“You plan to keep it,” he said, a deduction. There was no way in hell that she’d get rid of it, the urge to be a mother was written all over her. Claire nodded. “And you have a plan, I assume.”
Greg took a breath. It was refreshing to see Sherlock employ some manners, even if it were when it suited him the most. “He’s something of a working dad now.”
“That’s what John is for.”
Sherlock smiled, “no but revenge John, revenge.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and plucked his niece away from his body, she frowned in confusion but made no sound as she was placed into the small girl’s arms. Greg helped her get Maeve into a comfortable position.
The door shut.
“Well, it seemed like an open and shut robbery. We have the suspect, he’s back at the station. 45-year-old Bradley Fisher, he lost his job and the wife denied him access to the kids, this was a last-ditch attempt to get so money not that it did him any good, the café hasn’t been running at a profit for a while now, it’s weeks from closing down. The owner, he gave him the money but also, he used a baseball bat to knock him out.”
“Have you told Mum and Dad?” She deflected.
“She looks beautiful,” John told him.
“You didn’t need this today.” John told him, very ashamed of himself.
“Baby.” Jim’s voice was high-pithed and song-like.
He had already changed her into her third outfit of the day; something far more practical and comfortable. An Armani dress with matching knickers in white with metallic gold heart embroidery; it had a drop waist with petticoats underneath that flounced out delicately and was perfect for a special occasion. And on her feet were small white lace booties.
“Then,” his mother frowned, “what is this about?”
“Has she been changed?” The doctor asked.
“It was an involuntary action, my arm tightened around her slightly. It’s the gesture of a protective parent.” Sherlock explained. He put his cup back on the saucer and shifted Maeve so that her head was on his shoulder and body stretched out against his body. She released a high-pitched sound not dissimilar to a scream, that of joy. “Mycroft does what Mycroft does, interfere. He was pushing my buttons and made me admit to myself that she’s my daughter. Then I stormed out, told them I’d named her.”
“Yes, hello you.” John said to her, not wanting her to feel left out.
“Can you lean down?” John asked.
“It took him long enough to find you he’s not going to wait to find somebody better because there is nobody better for him than you, you are his…you’re going to make me say it, aren’t you?” Sherlock swallowed hard, “soulmate.”
“Do not say a word.” Mycroft warned.
“I’m sure, he always has had his own ways of doing things.”
“No, I suppose I shouldn’t joke about that around you. You’re probably a duke or something.” John turned onto his side so that he could watch his partner and daughter. He fought back a yawn.
“Does Howard seem like the kind of man to keep a journal?” Sherlock asked, testing his partner.
The man then walked away.
“Pardon?” His mother asked.
John frowned. “I told you the day before yesterday.”
The auburn haired man’s nose crinkled, “I used to tell you that.”
“And?”
Molly looked up at him and smiled, "and that Sherlock Holmes has turned you into a great man."
“You berk.” John said.
Mycroft nodded, “I will allow you the absence of next Sunday.”
Maeve’s eyes widened in excitement and her smile was visually larger as she kicked her legs out.
“Shall I lay the table?” John asked.
“Is your brother visiting?” She asked.
“So… she’s not having a routine for a weekend, it’s not the end of the world.”
“You know what I mean.” She said dryly. She focused on her granddaughter and smiled, “look at you supporting your head.”
“Thank you, Anthea.”
“I like to think that you aided me somewhat,” Sherlock said in a hushed tone.
“If you’re sure…”
“Oh, she’s allowed to be loud, aren’t you?” Violent said, watching the infant.
“We’ll be off in a minute,” John said.
“Shut up and go home you smart man.” John shook his head and bent down to pay Maeve some attention, running his hand over her head and placing a kiss in its wake. She didn’t react to the kiss of attention, instead focused on leaning completely on Sherlock’s chest in an attempt to sleep.
Sherlock scowled at that. “Harold, I realise I have been rather remiss, would you care to hold her?”
“I doubt I’ll be making anymore” Sherlock assured him as placed another kiss on his daughter’s head, eyes fixed on his father as he spoke “unless me or John sudden develop the ability to conceive a child between us.”
“Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed.” John said to the confused infant.
Sherlock gave nothing away, not a sliver of emotion as he craned his neck down and closed his eyes to inhale deeply the scent of his daughter.
“Right, well, I’ve got your daughter here.”
When Sherlock spoke again it wasn’t for quite some time and his voice was considerably lower, all the mirth from before was gone. “I don’t think you should be alone.”
“Well, I can just imagine.” John raised his eyebrows, “a nine year old showing up at a crime scene and demanding to be listened to, did they arrest you?”
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell us.” His mother looked hurt.
“Anything you want.” Angelo continued. “I’ll get you some water, do you want some drinks?”
“No” Sherlock answered “but I will be bringing my daughter and I’ll need you to make sure that there is nothing that could harm here present at the scene.”
“None at all, enjoy the rest of your Christmas Eve and your Christmas.”
“And I was present while a nurse was stabbing her with needles, twice in both legs.”
“Maeve.” He said with an authoritative tone. Maeve levelled him with a look not dissimilar to that Sherlock would if offered food when on a case. He raised one eyebrow at her. “Eat it.”
“You knew that Lestrade was going to propose last night and you made Mycroft look after her.”
“I want…if you want” Sherlock struggled with his words “if you wish to continue referring to yourself as Maeve’s ‘papa’ then I would not be adverse…”
He fell forward body thumping against the floor as he blinked slowly, there were footsteps and hushed voices but he couldn’t make them out above the buzzing.
It would put his mind at rest at least.
“Why not?” Sherlock frowned at him.
“You haven’t committed any interesting crimes recently, have you?” He turned to face his mother.
John snorted.
“Come in, my dear.”
“What is your problem with the colour pink?” Greg asked.
“I love you Sherlock Holmes and her,” he nodded towards the sleeping infant, “I don’t know what I’d do if anything happened to either of you.”
“I bet he’s quite a good shot, your army doctor.”
“You’ve been very thorough.”
It was the first time since they’d arrived that the consulting detective smiled.
The older man then looked down at Maeve and nodded towards her, Mycroft followed his gaze, he added, “doesn’t she make you all broody though?”
“I pick and choose my cases,” Sherlock explicated, “I have taken considerably less cases since the arrival of Maeve and always think of her first, before accepting cases.”
He stepped to the side of Sherlock and drew the sign of the cross upon her forehead, fingers hovering above her skin as he spoke, “May the Lord bless you and keep you; make his face upon you and be gracious unto you; lift his Countenance unto you and give you piece. In the name of the Father, Son and Holy God, Amen.”
“I’ll leave you to it then.” Mrs Hudson clapped her hands together and left the room.
“Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock extended his hand.
John followed, “but you need to rest.”
“She’s in the dining room.”
“What do you think you’re doing?” John asked, struggling to contain his laughter.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
“Yes, please, drive on.” Violet answered.
“Allergic reaction, itching, permanent scarring.”
Mycroft nodded and pushed his chair back as he stood up. He took a moment to straighten his jacket and walked to the other side of the desk. He stopped in front of the chair, unstrapped his niece and delicately pulled her limbs out of the confines of the seat and her warm winter onesie. He scooped her up and placed her high up on his chest so that her head was tucked beneath his neck and the sweaty mess of sparse hair on her head tickled at his nose. Anthea passed him the soft thin blanket and he placed it between her and his arms so that she was sufficiently warm.
“Psychosomatic.” He said beneath his breath.
It was getting harder to breath.
The dark haired man looked down at his daughter. “She feels the same.”
“Go then or your mother won’t let you go until Christmas Eve next year.”
“We haven’t had the chance.” John managed a lopsided smile.
“We can’t assume that he won’t hurt her.” John shook his head.
“She’s not being poisoned then.”
“I left my umbrella at the office,” he said quietly.
John looked at John’s lips and admitted, keeping his voice soft. “I missed you.”
“That’s lovely Sherlock.” His mother said with a small closed mouth smile at her youngest son.
“Good.” Sherlock exclaimed. He allowed Greg to take her from him, peeling her off of his chest and disappearing into his bedroom.
“It’s hardly my thought she prefers me.” The consulting detective told him. He took the seat in between his brother and John, immediately crossing one leg over the other and taking the coffee that Andrews place in front of him. He took a sip and grimaced, the strong Italian beans and toothpaste mixing to create a bitter acidic taste. That didn’t stop him drinking half before placing the cup on the side, pushing it to the side and then turning to look at John.
“Three out of four.”
“We need to find some presents for your grandparents and uncle.” He told her. “I know daddy said not to bother but we’re going to anyway, aren’t we?”
“Well, you’re the best person for the job. Not squeamish are you?”
“Yes,” Sherlock looked up from his sleeping daughter.
Sherlock slid across the leather seat towards his sleeping daughter.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded.
“From one of your favourite restaurants, I know you.”
John looked clueless.
“What?” Siger shouted at the same moment violet bit her lip and whimpered.
In all seriousness, thank you to those that left comments on the last chapter and read it. I did promise that I'd try to do better, this is me trying. I hope you enjoy this chapter. It was actually kinda effortless once I started, I enjoy that when I'm writing. Let me know what you think in the comments below. I love hearing from you all.
“I know that and you know that.” John sighed and nodded towards the baby in his arms. “Even she knows that. There’s no need to be yourself worked up.”
” Sherlock’s eye sort out Mycroft’s and the elder Holmes nodded. “
Sherlock nodded as they began walking, he with Maeve cradled tightly against him and John pushing the empty buggy. He began a detailed explanation. “Two mutilated corpses…”
“My little angel has everyone concerned.” John cooed at the infant.
“I struggle to see the significance of Alexis.” Mycroft admitted.
“Mr Holmes.” He nodded. American accent.
John stepped back, allowing them a better view of the taller man. “In the flesh.”
“As I have explained…” Sherlock started.
They’d read the letter. A note left by a woman called Celine Howards, explaining that the baby was Sherlock’s and she found herself unable to take care of her. She didn’t even name her.
Silvia nodded and Harold said, “It’s lovely to meet you.”
“You need to have your hair washed,” the auburn haired man told her simply with a lopsided smile.
Maeve sighed.
“He wants a sandwich, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s melodic tone practically sung as he reopened his laptop.
“You’ll be using the room adjoining to yours, correct?” Sherlock picked up the tea and passed it to his brother, Mycroft leaned forward and accepted the cup with his free hand, placing it on his knee.
“Hurt.” He corrected.
“Worrywart,” John stuck his tongue out at the younger man. “Maybe you’re in love.
Maeve burped on his shoulder and he patted her back lightly before continuing the rubbing motion.
Anthea fixed him with a pleading look and spoke, “You are the highest qualified person for this situation, sir.”
“I have no doubt.” Sherlock grinned at his daughter. Maeve released a growl like sound of approval as she looked up at her father, still gripping his finger but no longer chewing on it with her gums.
“Poor child.” Mycroft muttered under his breath with a smirk.
“No, that’s not what I meant, it’s just.” He sighed, “She’s fidgety.”
They were stood at the door of the small room that Sherlock had been ushered in upon arrival, now alone and waiting for John to collect them for the baptism. The elder was watching his brother as he bounced his body in regular and fluid motions to keep Maeve occupied, the latter was sat in her father’s arms, her bum using one as a seat and the other, with one large hand on her torso to keep her from falling forward. She was now clad in her christening dress. A long dress, far too long in Sherlock’s opinion, that tumbled in waves over his arms and drowned her tiny body. The shade was the exact colour of her father’s shirt, a pale pink that looked white and the entire thing was made from lace, except the ribbon at her waist which was silk.
“Give her back now.” Sherlock said slowly.
Sherlock lent down and hovered in front of John. The blonde smiled and kissed the taller man, careful not to put his hands in Sherlock’s masterfully placed hair, instead he snaked a hand onto the back of his neck and placed the other on the small of his back. Sherlock’s hands were on his hips, grasping hard but not too hard as to ruin the line of his suit. Sherlock pulled back after a moment, anchored by John’s hands on him and gifted the shorter man with a chaste kiss before beginning to pull away. John let him go.
John breathed down the phone. “
“Are you hungry my dear?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but nodded and repositioned himself on the bed, when he was satisfied he looked up at his father expectantly. Siger lent over the bed and pried the almost asleep baby away from his body, her face scrunched up in displeasure and she whined but her eyes remained shut. Sherlock took her and placed her across his chest, her body spread out across his chest. She sighed, considering her new position and relaxed, melting onto his body.
John faltered but nodded, “yes, us, she is lucky to have us, of course she is. And if you need to know what Celine is doing or why she did what she did, that’s ok. Do whatever you need.”
“No, this is different.” Sherlock shook his head, mind swimming with the onslaught of new information and shut his eyes for a moment to regain some clarity.
Sherlock glared at her.
“Don’t take out your frustrations on her.”
“I will not dignify that with an answer,” Sherlock fought back a wince and wet his lip, careful as his tongue ran over the cut that ran down his plump bottom lip. There was some swelling too and a small bruise but it didn’t compare to the bruise on his cheek and cut stitched together on his forehead.
“Waste of time,” Sherlock shook his head, “he’s escalating otherwise you wouldn’t be here.”
He kissed the top of her head and muttered. “I love you so much.”
Sherlock chuckled. He had explained the concept of a mind or memory palace before but John had been the one to get through the older man, explaining the technique at the pub one night. He made sure to keep his tone soft as he admitted, “more than a single room.”
“She’s fine Sherlock.” His father answered relieved to see his son awake and talking.
“Got it all sorted out.” Harry managed a smile.
“It’s Christmas. You’re supposed to be nice to me.”
“He could have died” His mother whispered.
“Come on” The army doctor urged as he made his way towards the door. He watched with a fond smile as Sherlock pushed himself up from the sofa using his free arm while keeping a firm but gentle grip on the sleeping child.
“Meeting the parents.” Harry joked.
“Do you come here often?” Harold asked, eyes flicking over the restaurant.
Sherlock shook his head.
“I suppose
Maeve gurgled in response.
“I thought you might be hungry.” She answered.
“Come on darling,” Mycroft said, his voice merely lowered in volume, he kissed the top of her head and moved back to his previous chair. “Let’s have some breakfast.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, I wouldn’t hold it against my daughter.”
The consulting detective didn’t move. He was purposely ignoring her.
Sherlock was stood outside a house lent against the front wall with one long leg crossed elegantly over the other, the pram in front of him which he moved backwards and forwards in small movements while holding the cuddly bee toy his brother had purchased over the pram for Maeve’s entertainment. He looked up at John and smirked.
“Come on,” John gestured and opened the car door.
The moment her back was turned he stuck his tongue out, Chloe laughed and looked down at her own dinner. Greg sighed, “Please, do not teach her bad habits.”
“She ok?” John asked, nodding at the infant seemingly attached to his partner’s front.
“Jim Moriatry.”
It was true.
“My favourite bars and restaurants, the supermarket. A few times she’s come to my house.”
“You’re upset because I didn’t tell you I had a room.” Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock managed a small nod of understanding, his full attention on Maeve.
“Is Sherlock back?” John asked craning his neck to look inside the Moses basket at the sleeping baby, she was wearing a simple pale yellow sleepsuit with a teddy bear on it. Her mouth parted and breathing even.
The infant reacted by glancing around the room in search of the noise, impaired by her position in the chair and John took pity on her, and moved to the side so that she could see him. Her excited movements doubled and he unstrapped her quickly, pulling her into his arms. She sighed against his neck and continued with kicking against his chest.
There was a four second pause. “
“You handled yourself well,” Mycroft told him, pocketing his phone.
“Did you want me to take her? Get some fresh air?”
He nodded in confirmation. “Tonight strikes me as a danger night.”
Maeve babbled.
The city was silent.
It had to be a trap.
“Well,” Greg scratched the back of his head. “There’s something going on.”
“What feels natural?” Kelly asked her.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and climbed through the gaps between the front seats, plopping himself down, with more elegance that one should have in that situation, in the passenger seat beside John. He pulled on his seatbelt and continued to look ahead.
“She’s fine” Greg spoke above the crying as he rocked his body in an attempt to comfort the distraught child.
Sherlock winced and informed her, “the christening is a disruption in her usual routine, by sleeping now, there is hope that she will be awake and happy for the ceremony.” He spat the last word in disgust.
“Shhh.” Sherlock hushed gently. He offered his hand to her over the case file and she immediately grasped his middle finger in her fist. She gurgled. “Only twenty minutes left.”
Maeve took that moment to squeal in delight.
“He is spending the Christmas season with his fiancé.”
“Home?” Sherlock asked.
“No, but the paintings in the hallway use a similar brush stroke and palette of colour, one of which does have your signature, it’s a simple enough deduction that this is also one of your paintings.” Sherlock observed. “The frame is also handmade, Harold made it with great care and caution leading me to believe that he admires this painting above most, it’s his favourite but why? The scene is ordinary, somewhere in the Cotswolds judging from the local yellow limestone cottage and the scenery but it’s important, and aged, not new like the ones in the hallway, so this one is sentimental. A scene from a family holiday, the last one before John was deployed, if I’m right, but I’m always right.”
“Where the bloody hell have you been?” John asked, stood at the top of the stairs with his arms crossed over his chest.
“Somewhere in the middle.” Sherlock rose to his feet effortlessly.
“And what?”
“I’m not hungry.”
Sherlock is back from Pairs.
“No, not yet.” He admitted, placing the leaflets on his chair and placing one hand on his hip.
"Yeah," Molly sighed, she looked down at Maeve and asked, "but isn't she worth it?"
“I didn’t” Sherlock croaked, speaking up. His parents focused was on him instantaneously and they crossed the room in seconds, standing at his bedside. “Maeve?”
“It’s best to wait for Sherlock.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, “It’s psychosomatic.”
Maeve gurgled loudly.
Sherlock shook his head and looked down at his daughter. She was being uncharacteristically quiet against his chest, chewing on her own finger and gazing up at him occasionally. John cleared his throat gently and placed his hand on the taller man’s knee, he squeezed it encouragingly and gave a small nod. “Can I?”
“He was alive,” Sherlock announced, finally rousing from his thoughts and looking up, slightly dazed.
“Reassuring.”
Sherlock couldn’t contain his smile as he plucked her from Lestrade’s arms and held her up high, in level with his face so that she could see him completely. He answered the unfinished question, “apparently so.”
“Yeah, well, you’re her father than kind of stuff is reserved for you.”
“My daughter,” he reminded her.
“Maeve’s room, it’s the coolest in the house.” Sherlock answered, stepping away from his brother and sitting on the coffee table, dropping his head into his hands. He scrubbed his hands over his face and ran them through his hair, pushing the curls out of his face, they sprang up at awkward angels.
She tickled her chin and Maeve flashes a gummy smile.
John didn’t give him the chance to speak. “I know you knew so don’t even try to lie your way out of this one.”
Sherlock frowned. “She’s not a miniature Sherlock, she’s a Maeve.”
“But never in response to another person smiling.”
John nodded. “He knew what to do.”
“You could, she came from you, not me.” John raised one eyebrow.
He spat the last word.
John didn’t respond, instead he stepped closer to get a better look at Maeve. She was crying against Sherlock’s neck, tears streaming down her cheeks and his neck. There were wet mark on his shirt, not that he cared at this moment, it was far more important to calm Maeve down.
“They’re back together?” She looked far happier than anybody should receiving that disturbing information.
“Do you think that’ll be a good idea?”
He pulled the door open and strode into the office with a purpose.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and warned. “Don’t.”
“Sherlock, it’s so lovely to see you.” A woman called from beside him.
“I cannot thank you enough.”
Sherlock took a long breath and threw the covers off of his body.
“This wasn’t part of the plan.” A voice hissed. Male. Familiar. Howard Lewis.
Mycroft placed his umbrella against the wall and took off his suit jacket, he placed it on the back of the armchair that belonged to John and then stopped and looked down at his brother, the coffee table separating them. He lifted his arms in a ‘hand her to me’ gesture and instructed. “Give her to me and go shower.”
“You can sleep, I’ll stay awake.”
“What on earth could you have against trains?” John pinched the bridge of his nose.
The door slammed. John looked towards the stairway. Sherlock was back then.
“Well, the last time we spoke he was dating women and not the father to your child.” She said matter-of-factly.
“I’m taller than you,” Sherlock argued.
“It’s a long story” John sighed. “It’s all happened very suddenly.”
“Fine.” Sherlock managed, voice lowering down and speaking inaudibly fast. “Itsjustthatshesmiledandithoughtyouwouldwanttoknowimsorryitwasstupid.”
“Right, and your parents do this every year?”
“Well,” John sipped at his wine. “Flattery isn’t going to get you anywhere.”
Hey, lovelies, I know I haven't updated in a while but I've been crazy busy with work and super unmotivated to write which such because I love writing this so much. BUT I finally sat down and tried to write and this chapter happened. It's not that long but it is something and that's a start. I hope you enjoy it and stay on the lookout because there will be more soon, much more. Well, I kind of need to plan the next 45 chapters but after that, there will be more.
“I’m afraid that I must cancel my visit” Mycroft informed him.
“Daddy is a musical genius.” John talked to the infant as he dressed her in pale pink pyjamas.
“Do you remember the make or model, colour?” Sally asked, she was already noting down everything that he said.
The occupants of the church repeated the sentiment of “Amen” while Sherlock remained quiet, as did Mycroft.
Sherlock pulled a blanket over her sleeping body and smiled down at her sleeping form.
“He works for Scotland Yard.” John explained. “He lets Sherlock help on cases.”
“Yes, I bet” Sherlock sounded unconvinced, emphasising the ‘t’.
Sherlock frowned and held the bag steady. He nodded towards Maeve. “Your niece.”
“Most definitely.” Sherlock responded, picking up the journal and throwing it to the grey haired man. He caught it effortlessly. “Howard Lewis and Louise Fowler are a team, she’s the alpha in the relationship and has turned him into a murderer.”
“And that’s what you do?” She asked.
Mycroft nodded and admitted, “Social services are sniffing around.”
“Of course he told us,” Violet announced as she walked into the room with John, a smile peeking from her lips. John was doing little to contain his enjoyment of the situation.
John nodded, “she hasn’t been sick again, that’s a good sign.”
“Quite.” Mycroft agreed, wrinkling his nose.
Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned into the touch.
“Mycroft.” He spoke quickly. “Do you happen to know where Sherlock is?”
"I brought Chinese food" Sherlock informed him swiftly changing the subject and taking a seat on the sofa, leaving a reasonable gap between him and Molly. He then repositioned Maeve's chair to be by his feet, "and invited Molly."
“Is that all?”
“You can tell just by touching her?” Greg asked, eyes wide in surprise.
“Well,” Sherlock cleared his throat, “it’s an improvement on the other costumes.”
Disgusting.
Sherlock sighed heavily into his phone, “I am only following orders.”
“I need to feed Maeve” He informed them. As if on cue Greg pulled a bottle and warmer from the bag while Sherlock went about unhooking the sling from his shoulders and cradling his daughter as she began screwing up her face in annoyance. He hushed her gently, voice soft and a small smile betraying him to the two yarders. “Oh, sweetheart, it’s time for something to eat.”
“It’s hardly going to be a fun memory with you saying no to everything.”
“Shut up.” Sherlock glared.
Sherlock shot him a stern look, “I don’t know everything.”
“You could have.”
“You can have him.” Jim said after a moment, nodded his head towards Liam Ashcroft.
His parents were watching him carefully.
Mycroft frowned, looking appalled. “Too much information.”
Maeve whined, lifting her head for a moment before dropping it back onto her father’s chest. Sherlock huffed a laugh and John chuckled. “God forbid any of the attention be taken away from you.”
“Two” Sherlock corrected, walking into the room and taking the seat opposite his partner.
“Sherlock, this.” His father gestured with his free hand to the building.
“Good, shall we say seven?”
Sherlock lent forward and plucked his daughter from the seated man’s arms. “It’s a rabbit.”
It would do them all some good, being apart.
“Do I want to know about the mess in the kitchen?”
“Did you spend a lot of time here?” John asked.
"It's a routine part of the checkup."
“Secured?” Michelle repeated.
Sherlock shook his head. “That would be irresponsible.”
“Mycroft.” She greeted.
“Of course, and he knows about this?” John questioned.
Except Mycroft but Sherlock didn’t stop until he was at the back door. He unlocked it and stepped outside. The cool air hit him like a brick wall. The first inhale was painful, the cold air filling his lungs as it caressed his body. It could have been colder though, he supposed. The snow was settled now. His parent’s garden was completely white. It would have been magical if not for the noise in his head.
John had crossed to the other side and glanced in, stepping back with a horrified look on his face. He admitted, throat dry, “she’s not here.”
“I’ll get someone to bring it to you.” She promised with a small smile.
Maeve sneezed in response, small nose scrunching up.
“We shouldn’t be doing this with a kid,” Lestrade argued.
Sherlock and John continue to work the case.
John explained, “I know you don’t really celebrate Christmas and neither do I, not really, but you want this to be perfect for her. I’m not sure I can manage perfect but I think together, we can do well enough. So, what do you want to do? How are we going to kick off this day?”
John held up his hands in mock surrender as he plopped into his armchair. “No, I’m gooey over her just like the rest of you.”
There was no thank you. There was no need this time. Mycroft just put on his jacket, picked up his umbrella and left, with a small smile to his brother, a farewell to John and kiss to his niece’s forehead.
Maeve babbled a little louder than usual.
“I’d love to.” The pathologist beamed as Sherlock strapped Maeve into her carseat.
John looked up from his lunch and smiled around his mouthful of food.
“Dull.” Sherlock yawned again, smothering it against the back of his hand. He stepped towards Maeve and placed his head in her view, she looked up and smiled around her teething ring. “Yes, hello.”
Mycroft paused in the threshold, halted by the sight of the flat in complete disarray, more so than usual. The chairs had been pushed to the fireplace and the coffee table moved onto the sofa. A blanket was on the floor with a mountain of pillows. John was in his chair, watching his boyfriend and daughter with a fond expression. Sherlock was lain on his back, his shirt open, pale chest glistening. Maeve was beside him on her front wearing only a nappy, her eyes fixed on her daddy, hands fisted in his shirt. She was gurgling enthusiastically, dribble running down her face.
His father, however, seemed particularly offended. “Edmund, that’s enough.”
“Too hot for clothes,” Sherlock sniffed.
“At least you got to get out the flat for a bit.”
“You think that my seven-month-old baby is part of your team?” Sherlock brow rose elegantly.
“Claire and I were not that close.” He assured him, mask firmly in place.
“Yes, we’ve been meaning to go for the last few years but other trips always popped up.”
“Case?” John askes, raising an eyebrow.
He was suddenly aware of how hard it was to blink as his hand slid across the counter sending papers flying, his knees smacked against the wooden floor, hard.
Twenty eight minutes, three seconds.
Sherlock stared out of the car window deep in thought and rested his hand absentmindedly on his daughter, not applying any weight, just touching her with his palm, fingers tightening in minute movements in the fabric of her dress – reassuring himself that she was still there and grounding his thoughts – as Greg pulled up the car and turned off the engine. The grey haired man glanced back with a tight smile and nodded to Donovan, the pair climbed out of the car and settled on the pavement beside a group of officers and forensic workers.
Sherlock spent a moment simply staring at the dress, it was on a hanger on the door of his open wardrobe. The Dolce and Gabbana christening dress was made of a pale lace, a shade of pink so light that it looked white, like his shirt, with a high-low skirt that stopped higher up at the front than the back, though it made it little difference as it would be far too long on Maeve, a traditional dress. The front was plain, lace covering the entirety and small sleeves, a ribbon tied into the perfect bow in the middle; and there were matching lace booties to cover her small feet.
“Why would John call you?” Sherlock’s head tilted thoughtfully. “It’s no secret that he disapproves of you –“
“I was on call.” He explained. “I’ve been briefed on the situation.”
Siger nodded. “Two minutes.”
Sherlock gave a small nod.
“Any odd coloured stools or urine?”
“Of course you’re abandoning me in my time of need,” he groaned, turning his face away from John and looking at Maeve.
Violet Holmes is throwing a charity gala much to Sherlock's annoyance.
“And pink is a frivolous colour, just because she’s a girl doesn’t mean pink is the only colour permitted for nurseries.” He argued.
“My father was livid, as you can imagine, my mother, well, they both questioned the conduct of the police force.”
“Yes, your daddy likes penguins,” John told her. They stayed like that for a few moments more. “What should we go and see now? Huh, what do you fancy?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
“Sherlock, please be reasonable.” His mother pleaded.
“Two weeks between the first two and eight days between the second and third.”
John nodded and turned, his parents had disappeared down the hallway. He sighed and rushed in the same direction.
“Well, babies are unpredictable.”
Sherlock did as instructed and stood up, placing Maeve on the table with great care. She blinked up at him in surprise and displeasure, whining in protest. He took her hand in his for a moment, lent down and placed a soft kiss on the tiny fist.
They walked in silence.
“Will you be back soon?”
“You proved him innocent of murder.” Silvia said in disbelief.
“Much like her father.” Mycroft agreed with a tight smile.
“She attacked me when I came in.”
“How far away is the cottage?” John asked, reaching up to collect his hand luggage.
It hurt. He hadn’t expected it to hurt so much, leaving her for an extended period of time. His heart thumped and stopped when he saw a mother walking along with a pram, it felt wrong, so wrong to be without her. He knew she was fine and that Mycroft would take care of her, he even found himself with his phone out and writing out messages to his brother before he’d delete them and pocket the phone again. But this, right now, it felt right. He sighed in content against his daughter’s forehead, watching the strands of black hair move before he closed his eyes.
Maeve gurgled in response.
“We’ve been all over.” John said, placing the baby bag on the floor.
Working a case as a full-time parent is easy, right?
“She may not have a mother but she has us,” Sherlock said with a small smile.
“Then what, brother dear, are you?”
“Yes, he is.” Mycroft nodded.
“Sorry. I shouldn’t have-”
“I do not worry.” Sherlock told her.
“Angelo.” Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock glared at him half-heartedly.
He skipped one and dunked her under the water, the same way he’d read about before coming to the pool. He followed her under, sure to keep his eyes open to watch her completely submerged for the first time despite the irritation of chlorine.
“It depends, what are you in the mood for?” Sherlock said, not really all that interested.
Sherlock picked at his meal, occasionally forking a piece of meat or a carrot but his attention was focused on the ex-army doctor and his daughter.
Sherlock emerged from his bedroom with Maeve cradled in his arms, she was dressed in a simple white outfit that barely reached her thighs with a bonnet and matching pants, the dress would come later after the car journey out of the city. “Shall we?”
“She hasn’t been up long.” Mrs Hudson said in a too high pitch.
“Hey!” John protested.
“We think she’s teething.” Mrs Hudson nodded. “I’m sorry about the noise.”
“What am I supposed to do about that?” John asked, looking expectantly at the consulting detective.
John shook his head and walked into the room, he took the seat beside the bed.
“You’d regret the decision immediately upon seeing one of her nappies.” He wrinkled his nose.
“I believe the words you are looking for is ‘thank you’,” Sherlock corrected him with a raised eyebrow.
“Yeah, I thought that too but I have been paying attention to you these last few years and there are no signs of physical abuse.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “She’s showing absolutely no remorse.”
“Sort of?” He repeated with a frown.
The hospital was full to the brim of sick and injured people, lined along the hallway and on the cheap plastic chairs provided, all waiting to see medical professionals. Mycroft strode through the automatic glass doors, his eyes flicking over the seemingly endless occupants of the reception area, ignoring the deductions that came along with each person.
“Fine.” He grunted, the plaster pulling at his skin. “Just a bit bruised.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, offended by the accusation and reminded him. “I am a genius John, I’m hardly likely to forget the moment I was stabbed.”
Thank you. I love you all.
“That’s reassuring.”
“But the rest of us are fair game.” John muttered.
“It is not that she was in the papers that is often the way with…celebrities,” Louise said, “It’s the circumstances in which the articles took place.”
It shouldn’t have come as a surprise to the elder Holmes sibling that his mother would go overboard.
A pause. “Claire’s gone into labour.”
Victor nodded and stood up, careful not to knock the chair as he did so.
John walked him out of the clinic, carrying the car seat and changing bag. Sarah was stood behind the desk and managed a sad smile at the sight of them with a still very upset Maeve, crying at the top of her lungs.
“Yes, I want you to look. Come on.”
“You thrived in Afghanistan,” Sherlock corrected.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and focused on his task, he lifted the bottle away from Maeve in an attempt to get her to slow down. She whined and he offered it to her again, placing the teat at her lips and watching her eagerly accept it. He admitted, “I can’t lose her.”
“You are a good girl for Daddy.” He whispered, placing a soft kiss in her hairline.
When the elder lady was out of earshot Mycroft asserted, “Stop causing trouble.”
“You love it.” John chuckled and exchanged an amused look with Mycroft.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “why?”
“Scotland Yard.”
“But he’s never shown any inclination…” Violet trailed off, looking to Siger for help but he was just looking at the photo on Mycroft’s phone once more, eyes fixed to the picture of his son and granddaughter.
“It’s always enough.” He smiled.
“Come on darling, time to wake up.” He told her.
John’s head jerked up immediately to look at the consulting detective. “Your parents?”
“This is different.”
“She’s not a toy,” there was no bite behind it.
The snow was small but fast. It had already settled on the ground.
“Mycroft.” Claire called, this time with more urgency.
“Yeah,” John nodded and placed a hand on the infant’s back, rubbing gently.
“You idiots.” John chastised lightly.
Sherlock nodded and didn’t argue.
“Please.”
Maeve babbled again in response.
-And every time I thought I'd finished, I realized that I had more to add.
“Have you got a costume for the party?”
“Guess.” Sherlock declared.
“Was there something else?” He asked slightly confused by her appearance as he ran his and from the back of his head to his shoulders, working on the knots forming there.
“And it’s okay to…talk in front of her?” Amanda pulled her sleeve over her hand.
Mycroft snorted. Siger came to stand beside his wife, looking down at the baby with wonder and curiosity. Sherlock visibly stiffened and John smiled at him reassuringly. A bang from the kitchen broke the moment, Violet looked towards the kitchen as did everyone else. Maeve jumped in his mother’s arms and instantly began screaming.
“Don’t you think you’re overreacting?”
“Perfect.” The consulting detective muttered to himself.
There was a soft tap on the door.
“My tailor.”
¸ Sherlock thought to himself,
Mycroft looked offended at the accusation.
“Too much?”
“Not at all,” the nurse assured him with a reassuring smile, “is there anything else that I can get you before we start?”
“Very funny.”
John chipped in from behind them, “he is a genius mum.”
Sherlock nodded and kissed his daughter’s head.
“You’re not going to stay?” Mycroft asked, curious. Eyebrow raised.
“Ahh yes, where is Doctor Watson?”
“I must be,” Sherlock remarked.
“You or her?” He asked.
“It always seems to be at his expense and I won’t have it anymore.”
“Fussing over each detail” Mycroft added, exhaling loudly.
“The likelihood of you having children is exceedingly slim.”
Sherlock’s frown deepened and he shook himself from his thoughts. “Stay as long as you wish, just, don’t annoy John.”
“You were meant to.”
John sighed and huffed. “It’s fine to admit you’re scared.”
“As you said, we’re hardly close.”
John frowned, his mouth opening and closing. “Yours?”
Sherlock did his best ‘I told you so’ look. Siger bowed his head in defeat, both his sons were rally against him and it just wouldn’t do, not if he wanted access to his granddaughter. “I’ve apologised Sherlock, there’s not much more I can do. We just want to get to know our granddaughter.”
“She already has a name.” Sherlock frowned hovering over her brother.
“You stumbled.” He recalled.
“Was that a compliment?” John asked, teasing, his eyebrows raising.
“No, if anything, it made it worse. I couldn’t get you out of my head.”
Sherlock continued to look ahead at his daughter.
“Yeah,” John faked a smile, “you should probably get down here before her head explodes about the flowers.”
Sherlock smiled knowingly, “I contain myself for the ceremony - the ceremony only – and I am entitled to miss a Sunday dinner.”
“We eat perfectly fine.”
John got to his feet, pushing the stool back and outstretched his arms, "may I?"
“Yes.” The consulting detective answered, nodding and crossing the room in a flash. He crouched down and kissed his daughters forehead. She startled but didn’t cry, eyes focusing on her father’s eyebrows as he brushed a large hand over her hair, inhaling her scent. “I won’t be long.” His eyes flicked up to meet John’s for a moment before moving back to his daughter.
“John?”
“Is this your room?” John asked, still looking around.
“Because you love me?”
“So, what now?”
The room was silent for a moment, John looked down at the floor and everyone else was avoiding looking at Sherlock. The consulting detective raised an eyebrow and responded in his best ‘are you an idiot’ voice, “Yes, of course I would.”
“Can I hold her?” Chloe asked, looking at Sherlock for permission.
He stepped into the bath, careful that he didn’t slip and then sat down, submerging the lower half of his body in the lukewarm water. He carefully dipped Maeve into the water and settled her to sit on his lap, using his chest as a support so that she was sat up, her hands immediately went to the water and for the first time she was silent.
“Tedious.” Sherlock muttered.
The doctor nodded and continued. “There was a risk of cord prolapse, meaning that the amniotic sac could break and cause the umbilical cord to become compressed and complications arise with oxygen flow to the baby. Luckily, we avoided such complications. Apart from that, everything was routine. We just wanted to monitor her breathing and make sure that everything was ok. And we have the results of the paternity test.”
“Yes, she is.” Mycroft agreed with a firm twitch of the lips. Sherlock rolled his eyes and Mycroft continued. “There are matters to be discussed.”
“Yes, Sherlock was just testing something…he wanted to see if Maeve would be able to climb out of the window when she’s able to move around.” John explained, he sounded bored, like he was always explaining.
Sherlock’s nostrils flared at the choice of words.
“I do not work for the police, I work with them on occasion. Pay attention, John.”
John snorted in disbelief. “Alright, try not to look so pleased with yourself.”
“What am I for?” John asked, appearing in the doorway looking slightly amused.
Violet gasped.
“I hear you had some trouble in Paris.”
"Earlier today, yes." His voice was clipped.
“As long as you’re both ok.” Harold said.
“Sentimental,” Sherlock muttered.
“You could try relaxing,” he went on, emphasising the last word. “You know, read a book, pick up a magazine, and paint a picture…or whatever it is you do to relax.”
“Injections?” John asked, glancing at Sherlock over the rim of his tea cup.
“How long will it take for you to get the money together?”
“Where the hell have you been?” John asked, keeping his voice low as not to upset Maeve.
Sherlock interjected, “she’s not a library book Mycroft.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and crouched down, he plucked Maeve up and held her for a moment at arm’s length. Her eyes scanned over his body and settled on his face, lips pulling back into a gummy smile. “Hello darling.” He greeted, pulling her closer to his body.
“Indeed.” Sherlock agreed.
“Vaguely surprised.” He admitted.
And, as a treat, I post small snippets from my fics on social media sites before I update them. If you are interested then get in contact and I can give you my username for whichever site you want.
“This is the life.” Greg said as he stretched out.
“She ok?” The ex-army doctor was lent against the car with his arms crossed. He’d been banished from helping with a ‘stop fussing’ and ‘you are an awful doctor’ from Sherlock.
Sherlock’s smile dropped and he looked offended at the accusation. He was stood in the kitchen, behind the large white wooden island with a steaming dish of Salmon en croute, not yet cut, in front of him. He picked up a knife and cut the pastry with precision. John stepped further into the kitchen and peaked a glance at Maeve, she was sat in her bouncy chair on the counter a short distance from her father.
Obviously.
Hey guys, sorry that it's taken me so long to update. This chapter is long and there are so many characters in some scenes so yeah, it took me ages. Sorry again. I'll try to make my updates more regular.
Sherlock recognised the books immediately. They had once belonged to him and Mycroft, leather bound copies of fairy tales, Austen, Alice in wonderland and The Three Musketeers.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“Why would I agree to that?” Sherlock asked, hesitating.
“One problem at a time, keep her cool.” Sherlock responded, pulling her away from the fan and sitting himself down in his chair. “Then deal with the teething issue.” He gesture towards the bowl.
“As expected.”
“I hate you,” Sherlock muttered, shifting his daughter slightly. She hadn’t stopped wriggling since she’d seen him. It made him annoyed and a little jealous. He quashed the feelings bubbling up inside of him.
“Yes mum,” both the Watson children said at the same time.
“Something like that.”
Sherlock hummed, “he inherited it from our grandfather.”
“Yes.”
“It’s undeniable.”
Sherlock made no response.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered. “I consult with the police on cases.”
“We have a client,” Sherlock announced, stepping back from the window and over the bouncy chair by his feet, somehow managing it with the grace of a cat, and gliding towards his chair. He sat down, slipped his shoes on and steepled his hands beneath his chin, his customary pose to greet clients with.
“Sherlock has been working the kidnapping case.”
“What’s her routine like?” Harold asked.
“Two separate incidents.”
“Let’s go find Papa,” he suggested to the sleeping infant, voice shaky.
“I will never let you go again.” He promised.
“She can be anything she wants to be.” Sherlock told them, his daughters hands had dropped from the toy and was now looking around the room. “And until she is old enough to either like or dislike the colour pink, we will avoid it whenever possible.”
“Right, well, I guess it started a few months ago.” Maeve babbled again. Sherlock sighed, and he smiled but continued. “That’s when I met Emily. She modelled for me.”
“And you need me because?”
“He isn’t.”
“The missing boy -” Sherlock asked.
“A few speeches, an hour or so of mingling and then you can slink off.”
Sherlock reclined slightly on the sofa and tipped his head back, “You worry too much.”
Mycroft sighed. “You are free to leave whenever you chose.”
“Really?” she squeaked. Was he aware that he was holding a baby?
Sherlock merely turned his head to the side becoming impatient, John placed his hand atop of the consulting detectives and squeezed tenderly.
John rolled his eyes and pushed at Sherlock’s shoulder until he turned back in his seat, facing the empty seat that Mycroft would occupy. Though, at this moment the elder Holmes sibling was busying himself with pouring a brandy at the drinks table with their father, he looked up and asked, “Gregory?”
Sherlock returned a moment later. He was fully dressed, now wearing a shirt and matching jacket to his trousers, shoes and socks. He had Maeve’s clothes hooked over his arm as he placed the purple carseat and baby bag on the floor by the door. Greg offered the baby to him and Sherlock took her with one long arm, hooking it under her small body. He placed her on the sofa and went about dressing her in a small Calvin Klein outfit, it was pale pink with grey hearts. A pair of trousers and hooded jumper over a white long armed baby grow.
Sherlock nodded – a small thank you for his brother’s efforts that he would never say out loud – and watched Maeve’s blue eyes flick over him and Mycroft with curiosity.
Sherlock smiled.
“Then why are you sulking?”
Anthea raised an eyebrow at him, challengingly.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to feed her?” Silvia asked.
“We are working” Sherlock answered.
“I may be busy with work.”
“I wouldn’t be mad,” Sherlock mumbled.
A baby.
Sherlock pushed his body closer to his mother’s in a silent gesture which the elder woman understood, she took her granddaughter from him and pulled her close. She twisted and smiled at John, then her eyes settled on the cat who had finished eating and was now licking her front paw.
“We have to go interview some people.” John elaborated.
Sherlock found himself smiling as he nodded.
When they were done John took their plates into the kitchen and started cleaning up. Mycroft remained in his seat, eyes fixed firmly on his brother as he jiggled the infant on his knee.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and placed his umbrella against the wall beside the sofa, he sat down and looked up at his brother and niece. “You may begin.”
“What for?” Sherlock asked, nonchalant, shrugging his shoulders.
“No.” Sherlock agreed with a frown, “its…calming.”
“That’s what I thought,” John muttered and hugged the now dressed baby close to his chest.
“No, we’re fine thank you.” Violet dismissed and she disappeared again. “Are you going to eat with her in your arms?”
“And new information?”
“I thought it was easier.” John answered.
Mycroft sighed in relief.
“Hello,” he greeted, looking down at her.
“You expected something else?”
“Yes, you are.”
“It is probable.”
“I brought a new dress,” the older woman practically beamed. Sherlock managed a small fake smile though he had absolutely no interest in her outfit. She continued, “I caught a glance of Maeve’s dress, it’s very pretty.”
Sherlock rose to his feet and Mrs Innes stood up at the same time. “Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock raised both his eyebrows and articulated. “No, you don’t.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He did exactly as he was told. He shifted Maeve to cradle in her arms and offered her the bottle which she suckled on immediately.
“And has everything been ok?”
"What?" John fund shed the procedure and placed the instruments back on the table.
“Haven’t we gone through that,” Claire huffed, pulling her top back over her belly and struggling to get up. Mycroft stepped forward and offered her two hands, one on her back and the other holding her hand, pulling her up into a seated position. She smiled in thanks.
“I should call my parents,” Mycroft sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sherlock’s expression shifted to a frown. “What?”
“You are being disruptive,” Mycroft sighed.
“What? You don’t want my first born child as payment.” John said with a pleased smile.
Sally had to admit that she was cute, Greg had been gushing about her all morning after spending the day with her yesterday and yes, she knew Maeve was cute but now holding her in her arms, she was struck with how beautiful a baby she was. It shouldn’t have surprised her. Sherlock was very attractive, she would go as far as to call him beautiful with his pale skin and dark hair, plump rosy lips and those eyes. They were amazing, intense and full of colour: blue, green, brown, gold. Maeve’s eyes were blue, they hadn’t settled yet but Sally wondered if she’d have his eyes. She was the image of him so far. Though not as slim, her face plump like all babies should be with rounded cheeks though she doubted that the infant would have them long. She’d look exactly like the consulting detective soon enough, her hair was the same shade, almost black and the longer strands beginning to curl like his.
John frowned.
She sniffled.
“You haven’t called them yet.” Sherlock deduced.
“They like you.” He smiled.
Sherlock ordered and waited, though he didn’t have to wait long, his meal was the first prepared and put into the plastic bag. Harry threw in some drinks and extra items. Sherlock said a quick and polite farewell before ducking out of the shop and walking back home.
“The poor thing.” His mother exclaimed, hand resting on her heart.
“Why would someone complain?” John frowned and looked around critically at the other passengers.
The people.
Sherlock bit back his retort and nodded, “yes.”
John laughed.
Sherlock was stretched out on the bed, lain on his back with his eyes closed and shirt unbuttoned revealing the bandage covering his stitched. Maeve was on her back beside him, awake and looking with awe up at the stars cast onto the ceiling by the nightlight. Sherlock creaked an eye open to look at his partner, an amused smirk on his face and remarked, “It appears so.”
“We could hardly have lost her John we’ve only been home for twenty minutes.” Sherlock scolded, his lips tugging into an amused smile.
“And now?” Sally asked.
“Into the firing line.” He told her, flattening the unruly strands of black hair.
“Not if you want me to consult on the case.”
“Sounds vaguely familiar” Mycroft commented with a knowing look.
“You’re quite right, I’m sorry.”
Sherlock stumbled out of bed and into the kitchen. Harold and Silvia were sat around the table eating breakfast, already dressed, and looked up as he entered the room. John stepped into the kitchen holding Maeve, awake and dressed in a pale yellow dress with a matching sun hat and small white shoes.
“Fine.” Sherlock pulled his coat on.
“Come out?” She guessed.
There was a text.
He shifted Maeve higher into his arms. She sniffed and began to babble.
After a few more minutes of splashing and enjoying the cold water. John stepped out of the bath and placed Maeve on the waiting towel, he wrapped her loosely so that she would get too hot and slipped off his wet boxers, replacing them with a towel. Then, he picked up Maeve in her towel and placed her against his chest.
“Leave.” Sherlock told him nonchalantly.
John shrugged off his coat and unstrapped the papoose. Maeve did not make it an easy task, squirming and whining as John struggled with only two hands to hold both her and the papoose, when he was done, and he placed the papoose on the empty chair between him and Harry. He pushed the hood back and placed Maeve on his lap, she stared towards Harry with inquisitive blue eyes. After a few moments she blinked and her eyes scanned over the rest of the café.
“Ok, if you’re sure.”
Sherlock stepped slowly into the kitchen with Maeve held securely against his chest, a thin blanket held over her back. He glanced around the kitchen, eyes pausing on Greg and then, the bowl of soup.
“Finished?” he asked her.
Hey guys, another chapter, the day after the last? Is this real? I'm not sure what's happening, it might be a Christmas miracle. I've now caught up with all my plans for this fic so I'm going to have to do some planning before I continue writing or else we'll be in such a pickle.
“She doesn’t look impressed.” John observed.
Mycroft stopped on the threshold. The barrier across the door was closed and inside the room his brother was sat reading the paper with his daughter on his lap, chewing on a soft toy. She was so absorbed in it she didn’t even notice him. John looked up from his laptop with a small smile.
“Anywhere special?”
“You or her?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
“Also: uncertain.” Sherlock added.
“He’s handling it rather admirably.” Mycroft jiggled his niece slightly and she cooed in response, a sound not dissimilar to a pigeon on the hunt for food. He shot her a look of mild fascination.
“Yeah, you did,” he scrubbed his hands over his face. “The other night, I forgot.”
“Here you go.” Greg handed over a freshly warmed bottle of water and a muslin.
"Because of you John." Sherlock told him, tone completely serious as he looked up and fixed the blonde with his stormy eyes.
Finally a chapter, it seems like ages has pasted since I posted. I wrote this while on holiday but have been super busy with moving into my new house and the start of uni but it is here at last, I hope it meets expectations and as consolation, I have planned a lot more chapters. This is only the beginning.
“Yes, William Sherlock Childish Scott Holmes.”
Violet appeared in the doorway with a soft smile.
“Hardly PG.” Mycroft agreed looking back up at his brother.
“I’m sure we will,” John responded.
“Not long enough.” Mycroft admitted. “She had Sherlock up this morning and has been rather difficult to manage today.”
“We should have her checked out” John told him.
John nodded as Greg approached, saving the moment.
Maeve squealed sensing the excitement in the room.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “Quite.”
Maeve is spending some time with her Uncle Mycroft and the Christmas spirit it in the air...
Maeve gurgled in response.
Mycroft had left hours before John arrived home. The doctor stepped straight into the kitchen and placed the bag of Chinese food on the table. He raised an eyebrow at the stack of pots and pans in and around the sink but said nothing. Instead, he peered into the living room. Sherlock was spread out on the floor in what can only be described as a mound of pillows and blankets, piled up in two or three places. Sherlock lay on his back with his head and neck supported by a mound of pillows, his eyes were closed and his hands were fixed firmly on the infant asleep on his chest. It would be easy to mistake him as asleep also if it weren’t for the quiet breathing. He wouldn’t say that Sherlock snored but his breathing would be louder and more even if he were asleep. He creaked an eye open as John stared at him but said nothing.
“The gloating,” Mycroft answered sounding bored. Though Sherlock knew better, Mycroft was annoyed not bored and wanted to get it over with, how dull.
“I’ll leave you to it.” Mycroft announced, getting to his feet and retrieving the umbrella he had left on the chair.
Sherlock was taken back. “Precisely. I give them burner phones and they contact me or I find them in their usual haunts, it’s very discreet.”
“So, are you going to bed?”
“Louise Fowler is a narcissist.” Sherlock explained. “She exhibits all Hotchkiss identifiers.”
Maeve growled again.
Now, his mind was racing with all the possibilities today could bring.
” Mycroft argued.
“Right, I’m John. John Watson.”
“I hope you don’t mind.” John gestured to the bed.
“At least she’s well rested.” Violet took a sip of her water.
“A conductor of light.” John added.
Greg put the pram in the boot and Sherlock strapped Maeve into her carseat in the middle seat, he and John climbed in either side of her. Maeve whined but Sherlock hushed her softly.
“They’ll be here within the hour.” He folded the newspaper he was reading and placed it on the counter. Then, he glanced at his daughter. She was still sleeping. Her fingers pulled close to her palms in small red wrinkly fists as she snored.
“You were smug the other day.”
John forced a smile and explained, keeping his voice soft. “Maeve’s mother abandoned her.”
“We’ll be right outside.” Greg informed him.
John smirked up at him. “She loves you.”
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow and set about unstrapping his daughter in a slow but efficient manner, lifting her arms with great care and threading them through the strap until she was free. She sighed in satisfaction and relaxed further into the seat.
“Love, John.” Sherlock corrected, “You love me.”
“It couldn’t hurt.”
“Well, I don’t envy you right now.” John told him with a grin.
“No, the police will figure it out eventually.”
“Sher-Sherlock” she stuttered, kneeling down to retrieve her files. He stopped dead in front of her. She stood up slowly, cautious of the files and catching a glance at the infant in his arms. She was dozing peacefully, dark hair peaking from a small white hat. Her eyelashes were dark and long against her pink cheeks. She was dressed in what appeared to be a cream Gucci coat above a simple floral bodysuit.
Sherlock didn’t acknowledge the compliment. “She’s fine with me.”
“Gave the driver quite an earful I hear,” Greg added with a smile.
Sorry i haven't been able to update this sooner, I went on holiday to a place without wifi but I wrote down lots of note and know exactly what will be happening with the story for a while now. So happy! And this chapter ended up being harder for me to write than i expected because i started it before my holiday and had to finish it when i came back but i powered through and hopefully the next chapter will make it all worthwhile.
“He accompanied me on a case the following day,” Sherlock answered.
“Sherlock...Mycroft…Eurus…”
Sherlock was either ignoring him or hadn’t heard him at all.
“He has a kid,” and “Johnny’s a father now” were two things he caught.
Harold frowned and listened closer.
He took the squirming infant and placed her against his chest, face tucked into his neck. She moved round until she was completely comfortable and then sighed – a long soft sound that tickled his skin – nose brushing against his throat. “Comfortable?” He asked her. She made a gurgle of affirmation.
“She comes from a family where learning a music instrument was expected.”
John raised an eyebrow challengingly, he was more amused with the sudden turn around than annoyed, he knew exactly what he was getting himself into when he and Sherlock got together.
Maeve was busy playing with a small wooden hammer that she whacked against a small building set. As one block went down another came up and so forth, keeping her attention.
“I didn’t expect to see you.” Greg admitted, glancing over the other cops as they went back to their duties.
“Is this a danger night?” His mother asked, gasping.
“No, but she’s close to crawling.”
“You seem in good spirits though,” John frowned.
“Yeah,” John agreed with a smile, he looked down at the baby lent against his shoulder. “Your daddy is adorable, ridiculous but adorable.”
“Ok” John responded. If he didn’t respond then Sherlock would just get annoyed with him.
The bottle popped out of Maeve’s mouth leaving a trail of milk from her mouth, down her chin and neck. He offered her the teat again which she accepted, looking back up to glare at John. “I made her, she will not turn out like Mycroft.”
“I know.” Sherlock frowned and traced his left hand over his daughter’s sleeping face, down her neck (which resulted in a practically delightful shiver and scrunch of the nose) and arm, he stopped at her wrist and took her hand in his own.
“Nothing noticeable yet.”
The blonde made the tea and brought it into the living room. Jade followed him, swishing her tail in the air as she walked behind him, eyes flicking over the two new people in the room. She stopped beside the bouncy chair and started licking herself again. John placed the tea on the table and sat on the sofa.
“You’re such a Scrooge.” She crossed her arms over her chest and lent against the doorway.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the various photographs in the flat, there were a few on the sideboard with the victim, Amanda Fowler. She looked happy. The boyfriend looked genuinely upset but he could be acting, there were signs that could suggest both, Sherlock thought to himself as he turned back to face him.
“Mycroft will be over before seven.”
Mycroft bit back the ‘babies do tend to do that’ remark.
Mycroft nodded.
“He just loves you,” he said, sighing.
That was his mother, ever prepared.
“Sebastian Moran.” Mycroft greeted.
“It’s
“Are you ready to order?” Angelo asked as he returned, eyes immediately falling to Maeve and expression softening. “Sherlock, this little lady is the spitting image of you.”
Siger Holmes heard the sound of the front door closing. Violet was in the kitchen and it was too early for Mycroft to visit, his elder son would be far too busy. He rose to his feet, shutting his book and leaving it on the table. He turned the corner and was surprised to see his youngest son, Sherlock, sneaking in like teenager. The older man was surprised at how little his son had changed in the two year gap between visits.
It had started with a text.
“You are going to watch her while John and I take a look at the crime scene.”
“A few.” John answered.
“It’s hardly about me” Sherlock dismissed. Yes, the newspapers had annoyed him, he was a consulting detective and hardly needed a public image but the fact it was about his daughter annoyed him more, she was hardly newsworthy and wanted privacy.
Maeve was tucked in the doctor’s shorter arms, for the first time. He was jiggling up and down, slightly and an unconscious movement.
“She’s just stubborn Sherlock.” John smiled, running his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder and down his back. “Like you.”
“No,” Mycroft smiled, “you’re here because of your association with them.”
Sherlock smiled and gave it to him.
"Her eyes will start to settle soon," John remarked conversationally, he did not specialise in babies but had brushed up on the training he received at med school soon after the arrival of little Maeve. Though he hadn't crammed it all in the same night as discovering her like Sherlock.
He rolled his eyes and shifted his focus to the desk, it was normally covered in papers but this morning was different, the papers that littered both sides of the desk were all this morning’s editions and he was plastered all over the front page. Well, he and Maeve were. Luckily, the reporters had only captured pictures of him with the pram or holding Maeve, her back towards the cameras and face hidden completely from view. They were pictures from yesterday after John had left him in the park and he made his way to visit Molly.
Mycroft nodded his head in a silent reply. He would take care of her, his brother knew this, and he was just panicking last minute like any parent, more so with their history.
“Why?”
Sherlock rushed into the bedroom and appeared a few minutes later with a freshly changed Maeve.
Maeve whined, irritated and Sherlock shifted her slightly closer to his neck. She scrunched her nose but settled, mouth opening against the pale skin. “When can we see her?” Violet asked.
“I do not need sleep to function as I have explained many times before.”
“That may be so,” Mycroft conceded with a small nod to his brother, “but you’ve never been good at being involved.”
Mycroft placed the bags beside the armchair and greeted. “John.”
Anthea nodded. “Greg?”
Sherlock frowned. “Did you just call me dear?”
Sherlock had the audacity to smile.
“Quite.”
John pulled the infant to his chest as he placed her coat on the chair opposite Mycroft’s desk. He had taken the hat off as per Sherlock’s request but the outfit remained. “Not at all.”
Mycroft sighed and closed the file, abandoning the pretence of work.
“Nothing,” Sherlock dismissed, his face settling on a small but visible smile as he kept his eyes on his daughter.
“Right, and where are we getting that from?”
“She still sleeping?” John asked, pulling back.
Sherlock nodded and gestured for the cab. It stopped and he climbed inside. He smiled through the window.
“Sherlock does get rather attached.” Mycroft admitted.
“John didn’t mention you had kids.” Silvia said, glancing at the detective inspector.
“Well, you either want me to look or not.”
Sherlock focused on her, “yes.”
The black car slowed down and before it had stopped the door opened, Mycroft stepped out and onto the pavement.
“I’m listening,” Sherlock’s eyes flicked to him but he kept his attention on Maeve.
“Yes, it’s rather fetching.” John agreed from the end of the bed.
“And this is an important experiment?”
Maeve slept for an hour. A beautiful undisturbed hour and woke up with a red face, drool running down her chin and tears in her eyes. Sherlock picked her up just as she started crying and placed her against his chest, rocking his body side to side. “Shhhh.” He hushed as he walked into the living room.
Sherlock expression morphed into the same one might have if they’d just been slapped.
John chuckled at that.
She yawned loudly, her fist tightening in his shirt and eyes fluttering closed.
John managed a small smile, “they get on with it, there’s no way to console a child of that age. Just show her that you’re there and cuddle her, watch her for any symptoms.”
“Mummy can go first,” Mycroft offered.
Two days later found Sherlock scrolling through online articles with one hand moving the page down and the other clutched by his sleeping daughter, she held onto two of his long fingers with small fists as she snored in her chair. Sherlock had positioned her bouncy chair on his armchair and turned it to face the desk, she was fast asleep with her rosy lips parted. Sherlock dressed in a pair of pyjamas and a dressing gown, the shirt inside out and his feet covered by a pair of socks. Maeve was similarly dressed in one of her sleepsuits, a pale grey with thin white stripes horizontal across her body, it covered her entire body, arms and legs, even her feet.
“The villa would accommodate us all but Sherlock will never agree to it.”
Violet ignored him. She looked at the clothes on the floor with vague annoyance, at the two men on the bed with a small knowing smile that caused both John and Sherlock to blush like teenagers and then to the cot, with a determined look on her face. She crossed the room and bent over, plucking up Maeve in a single movement.
“Come on darling, you’ll make yourself sick.” He said to her.
“Later.” John promised.
“Yes mother, do shut up.” Sherlock agreed with a fake smile in her direction.
“I hope, for both of our sakes, you never have to find out.”
Sherlock lent forward and kissed his daughters forehead, “I love you, sweetheart.
“Yes,” Victor nodded and looked down at his hands.
“Look,” he moved Maeve so that she was sitting up and able to face the room, supported by him, “I told you papa would be back, there he is.”
John nodded and place the picture on the table beside his armchair. “So, time for your presents.”
“Haven’t you got anything useful to do?” He asked, raising his eyebrows at her.
“No harm has come to her.”
“Yes well, she won’t be in it for long.”
Sherlock pushed the pram along the seafront with ease. John and Silvia were two steps behind him, immersed in conversation about the neighbours or something just as trivial. Harold walked beside him, eyes flicking from the pavement to the pram every few seconds.
“She gets through them quickly.” His mother reminded him, as if he needed reminding.
“You can…cook?” John stared in astonishment.
“I can return later, if convenient” Mycroft offered.
“Don’t smile.”
“You, John, I’m ignoring you.” Sherlock corrected. “Not her.”
“So, what’s it like?” Harry cleared her throat.
“I’m hurt.” John announced, clutching at his chest dramatically.
“Unconnected.”
Sherlock hopped off the table, retrieving his shirt and put it on. He began on the buttons as John weighed her, being sure to try and keep her occupied as he did so. Sherlock stepped over to join him the moment he was finishing on the last button, John announced "8lbs 7oz"
“At nineteen I began my degree at Kings College, a condition of my rehabilitation and working with the police.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “Quite.”
“We survive on takeaways.”
“We never
“Sure?”
Sherlock glared, he said between gritted teeth, “this is important.”
“To the bathroom?” Sherlock returned, shooting Greg a look that said ‘are you an idiot’ and promptly left the room.
“I know that.”
“With what?” Sherlock asked, feigning ignorance.
“I don’t like it.” Howard told her.
There was a beat of silence.
For the first time since his parents had come into his house, his mother and father laughed.
“She doesn’t understand the concept of love,” John snorted and picked up the empty bottle and muslin from the small table beside the chair.
“Is your brother coming for tea?” Mrs Hudson asked. She arranged the stuffed toys on the sofa and then set about cleaning the coffee table, the surface of which was covered with papers, books, muslins, bottles and a few toys.
