“Can I kiss you?” Dee-Ann asked seeming to tear his eyes from Castiel’s hard cock and looking at his face. Castiel – far beyond words now – merely nodded and groaned in pleasure as Dee-Ann’s still clothed form molded itself over his naked skin and pressed a firm, slightly sloppy kiss to his parched and yearning lips. Castiel could not help but hug Dee-Ann closer to him as he felt Dee-Ann mouthing at his neck and whisper in his ear.
The halls of the Keep were packed to bursting with people. Every available seat of the enormous room was filled with courtiers, all brightly attired and practically buzzing with anticipation. Everywhere slaves could be seen rushing with salvers loaded with morsels of food and chalices of various embrocations. The air crackled with the whispers of countless voices in at least four different tongues Castiel could hear. He was sitting amidst his brothers on a raised dais to the left of the throne. From this vantage point, he could just make out some of the many painted faces in the galleries that made up the walls of the Keep like the rings of a tree stump, tapering ever narrower – as the wealth and importance of their occupants lessened – until they reached the ceiling; where the chandelier hung suspended.
Ashar's face was solemn. But his eyes were dancing. He was laughing. He was laughing at Dee-Ann. He was pleasee to see him brought so low. "Yes Mistress. I think he knows his proper place now."
“I can hardly imagine as Captain of the Guard, our dear Sister cares overmuch who rummages through the coffers, or in what order.” He said. Though it was pointless. Gabriel had always been excitable about these things.
“I know. But you’re not going to uncover their plans in one morning. You said it yourself. They have had years to map out their every move. You learned about their existence twelve hours ago. Castiel these people….they’re powerful. We have to be cautious now.” Tran said speaking as if to a wild animal. Castiel felt himself deflate, sensing Tran move to stand behind him and releasing a happy sound when Tran began kneading the tense muscles of his shoulders.
In the darkness of the chamber his breathing sounded loud. His skin was clammy with sweat, and his clothes were damp. He stripped off his vest and wiped it over his face. Pushing himself up, siover godbells sang as his heart banged against his ribs. Ashar had not given him flint and striker to light his chamber's candle. he counted 8 steps to the door, and pulled it open one finger. The hallway beyond was lit by three candles. And he could hear no sounds of slaves walking or talking. It was late then. The Quiet time.
Dee-Ann’s fingers suddenly slide out of him and Castiel whimpers at the emptiness, biting his lip at the prospect of what was about to happen. Dee-Ann hovers over him, lifting his hips closer and supporting his weight on his arms. Not content merely to be mounted like a brood bull, Castiel dips his hands into the pot as well; looking at Dee-Ann as he reaches for his cock. Castiel’s eyes widen to discover that the minutes Dee-Ann had spent preparing Castiel had done nothing to cool his ardor. Quite the opposite it would seem. Dee-Ann’s cock was stone hard and leaking profusely as Castiel slicked his hands along the length and over the head with an obscene squelch.
Now the Woman pressed her heel between the man’s ribs and pressed him flat on his back. “You should pray thanks to the God! Another Woman would’ve broke your legs and turned you out Seasons ago! Another Woman would’ve plowed two hands of living Daughters on a better bitch than you!”
He breathed through his nose feeling annoyed. “I don’t have time for you to ask stupid questions. I will go to make sure none of the cattle have run off.” He said roundly, turning and jogging to the back of the caravan.
“And that’s another thing. You say you are from Todorok Village. But I say you are not. Todorok is South West of Et-Banotaj and many weeks hard caravanning. They speak a different dialect to the common tongue there. Heavily peppered with the languages of the South and even the East. I haven’t quite worked out where you might be fromyou’re your almost perfect Novaki tells me…..” she began and he interrupted her.
“I don’t know. But I don’t like it. The timing is suspicious. She’s been here for days but she’s waited until the Queen and her Honor Guard are no longer in the Palace before making her presence known.” Tran said busying himself brushing out Castiel’s long hair.
Exultant and giddy Dee-Ann left the shadows and danced in the middle of the street. Precious and Beautiful in the God's eye.
"I had my suspicions your mum were puttin out feelers to find you and your brothers a wife. But Light burn me to a crisp where I stand Sprout I never...." Joh began, her voice turning thick as she spoke the oath. Castiel stilled her with a hand on her chest. He forced a smile through stinging eyes. He believed her. Even when he was a child Joh had had no talent for play acting. The anguish written on her ugly handsome features  was heartbreakingly sincere. Even moreso because it told Castiel what she thought of this match.
“Will you tell her?” Chaala asked meeting his eyes after a short silence. He pondered this. If he told the woman Bara-bhur that her daughter had rejected him, he could improve his position within the Caravan. The woman might take pity on him and reward him for his show of honesty and loyalty. But it would come at the cost of great turmoil for the girl Chaala. Dee-Ann did not have any particular fondness for the girl. But he did not have any greater love for her mother. He remembered the stupid goa slaves in Maeghara’s villa. Always sniping at each other and scraping for any small advantage they would gain. They clucked like chickens before the slave Ashar for an extra crust of bread, or a bit of cheese.
Castiel nodded. He had heard such rumors before, but like so many things in their Bloodline, they were never confirmed. “And how did you replace the stone?” Castiel asked.
El-Don chuckled to himself then shook his head. “You young people. All the same.” He said softly. “It is the mark of youth you know. That
The sound is not unlike a sigh as the shadows of the room seem to come alive and lance out at him, solidifying into wrist thick blades all about his head and body. Amazingly, he realizes that despite their wicked sharp points – the oil slick surface of the blade right under his chin actually reflecting his own terrified face back at him – none of them cut him. Instead, they held him perfectly in place. And standing up on his toes, he actually found a millimeter of wiggle room where the blades weren’t touching his skin.
“Just…watch.” Gabriel said reaching for a goblet of water and dropping in the stone. “Lemon.” He continued, reaching for one of the lemon wedges the Mima kept on hand to loosen stubborn paint off Castiel’s face. Squeezing the juice into the goblet, Castiel watched as for a long moment nothing happened, while Gabriel continued swirling the goblet. Then before his very eyes, the stone began to give off motes of color as it began to dissolve. Before long, the water had turned the color of new wine.
"If you would but let me explain. I only....the Reverend Mother....she..." Castiel said feeling hinself unraveling.
He was about to turn to Dee-Ann when he detected movement right in front of him. Swinging the torch in a wide arch, he felt something iron hard take hold of his wrist and wrench the torch free, before an impact like the hammer blow of a God sent him careening across the room. He fell in a heap on something sharp, feeling things crunch beneath his weight as he raced to get back to his feet. Feeding more light into his tattoos, he realized Gord-Ahn had thrown him back into the passage where the bodies were staked. Looking back in the direction he’d been, he saw a horrible sight.
The slave cook-brat – who had cut off his finger – slept on a bedroll in the back of the cook carriage. The harrowing woman – Dee-Ann could not remember what she was called – had sewn his finger back on for him. It would grow back or it would turn black and fall off. She had given him a tea to make sleep, and a poultice to ward off infection. But if a demon saw fit to climb into his flesh through the mouth the stupid he-brat had opened himself, he might still die all the same. It was in the hands of the God now.
“The God sees you. Take the crystal.” She said. Panting with fear, the slave clutched the crystal. But nothing happened. “The God sees you, but not your heart.” She said taking back the crystal, and gave it to the next slave.
It is important to note that while this definition is most commonly attributed to curses or pronouncements, it can contextually be used – particularly in writing – to encapsulate as well specific aspects and schools of study/training within the greater whole. This includes:
He never finishes, as Dee-Ann understands. And a moment later – after dipping his fingers into the little pot again – Castiel feels Dee-Ann’s fingers enter him again. Castiel shudders as he feels Dee-Ann’s fingers questing around, trying to locate that
“Well from the sounds of it they seem to know a great deal about the inner workings of the Palace. Even down to such specific details as
A dry breeze lapped at their skirts and hair as they came to a corner overlooking the Artisan District. “What’s the real reason?” Gabriel asked not looking at him. Castiel half smiled, tucking an errant forelock behind his ear.
“He did not know.” Tran said. “But all the guards have been sent away between here and the North Tower. When I brought up your tray I saw none but those guarding your door. And movement around this entire wing of the Palace has been severely restricted.” Tran said. Castiel took one long breath to calm himself then rose to sit in front of the mirror. He suddenly understood why Tran had chosen the red for him to wear. Aside from being a striking color with his light skin and dark hair, it came with a leather bodice that was almost a breastplate. And Castiel was surely going into battle.
By the time Castiel had arrived in the Keep, most of his siblings had already entered. He waited patiently for his sister Annanakiel – who had yet to acknowledge his presence – as she barked orders at her Slaves. In sharp contrast to the boys for whom this was a pageant of beauty, Daughters of the Blood used these public appearances as a means to boast of their prowess in the womanly arts of Hunting, Bowmanship or Snake Dancing. His sister Nao-mei had walked with her great asp – Ao-rura – coiled around her neck and arms. With its black skin, bright red markings and gleaming witch-black eyes, it was a terrifying thing she’d brought back with her from the Anvil. In Annanakiel’s case, she was showing off her prowess as a great soldier. She wore her formal armor. Far grander and more ornate than the practical fare she usually donned, this suit had touches of gold added to the plates. Here and there, Castiel could even spot a bit of decorative metalwork and careful hammering of charms and sacred spells adorning her muscled torso. Her flaming hair had been oiled and braided, trailing down her back like a scorpion tail ready to strike. He almost smiled. Anna must be hating this. Despite her good looks, which never failed to garner her much attention from the court men; Anna loathed any form of fuss or as she called it: “Flouncy rubbish meant for men.”
“I waited for the Godmoon and his wife to walk high in the sky. The same guards come every night. They watch the dancing and singing. They drink the ale and tiger’s milk offered to them and fuck with the boys in the caravans.” Dee-Ann explained, scrubbing a dirty but still elegantly slender hand over his tousled mop of hair.
“About why our Mother wants to spend the next week flexing her muscles and pounding on her chest and parading her beautiful sons in front of the some Envoy from Et-Nieveswhyte? Honestly? No. I can honestly say I’m not.”
"Your seed." she said, blowing the thick white smoke directly into his face. He coughed and spat, waving his hands in front of his face before.......
“Don’t try to get on my good side Cassie! I woke up with a headache between my eyes, and now because of you it has moved right up over my head and shot all the way down my spine!” Gabriel said motioning with his hands to punctuate his point. He nearly knocked one of the tasseled combs out of his hair – which had been meticulously piled high on his head – as he spoke.
“Where shall I start? The cooks have been in an uproar because Godspeaker Kufu annexed all the game birds they were going to prepare for dinner! This so they could be sacrificed in
Tucking the amulet into his pocket, he turned and walked back to his chambers. There was no need to try and hide the fact. There was a score of Guards waiting outside the Keep to see him safely there. And Castiel could only imagine it would be a lot more difficult for him to resume his clandestine movements from here on out.
“Your seed is poisoned! Five times you’ve whelped me boy-whores instead of Daughters! Three Daughters you whelped lived less than a Godmoon! I should curse you! Turn you out for the Godspeaker to deal with!!!”
It was a statement, not a question. Castiel threw a sidelong glance at Kufu. The spineless bootlicker. Castiel could only imagine what the treacherous fool had been whispering into The Queen's pillow. Better to play it dumb.
He realized after a while that the girl Chaala was watching him closely. She was waiting for him to speak, and it was clear from her face that he had been silent for a long time.
“And you thought having them turn the Palace grounds into a gypsy village was the answer?” Castiel asked vaguely scandalized.
“Uncovered?!” Gabriel huffed a frustrated breath and threw his hands up in the air. “You are an impossible person.”
He heard the God. He knew its will. It had blinded its Godspeaker to him in the street. He had offered himself to it. And it had accepted.
"Who is to say what can happen on those long cold nights in a Caravan with no one to warm her bedroll. And all that ripe slave flesh ready to obey every command?" the younger brother said, his voice lilting and falling. The man Bisla frowned and shook his head.
Three days passed quickly in a sea of activity and hustle and bustle around the Palace. The Queen and her most trusted advisors along with the High Godspeaker and several important nobles spent their days behind locked doors with the Southern Delegates; and in the evenings they were entertained in any number of ways. The palace Bards sang themselves hoarse even as the musicians played until their fingers bled; and the kitchen fires blazed all through the night.
Castiel looked up at him as Dee-Ann shifted on his knees to begin tugging off Castiel’s left boot. He was undressing him.
Castiel let go of his breath. Tran was drunk. He was just drunk. He didn’t know what he was saying. But it was obvious he was in some kind of pain. And without words Castiel knew he was to blame. He made sure he pitched his voice softly when he spoke again.
“Perhaps.” Said Maeghara shrugging. “But I will buy him an amulet in Todorok. Other eyes are not blind Rubi. They will see what you cannot.”
“Yes, yes I know. But I have been watching you. What noblewoman’s son knows so much of slaughtering animals, and cooking and cleaning?” the girl asked.
“Light see you my Lord.” A male voice said. He was a little older than Castiel if he had to guess. It was always difficult to gauge, dressed as he was in the standard brown robes of a novitiate Body servant. His hair was neatly hidden by the cap of his station, but Castiel could see only a single red godbraid hanging down his back. A clear indicator of poverty. Most likely, this boy had been sold to the Palace.
“Please. I’ve seen some of the books you have in that library of yours. And frankly, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.” Gabriel chuckled, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. They had reached the top of the stairs and stepped out into the open air. The walls around the Palace were very wide and in addition to spectacular views of the city, offered an almost unequaled amount of privacy as they walked. Their respective guards – while still insight – trailed a little ways behind them, which meant they could speak freely without fear of being overheard.
“I admire your childish innocence pet.” Gabriel said with s sincerity Castiel didn’t usually associate with him. “We are royal. Anointed by the God to rule over everything the Light touches. In our veins flows the blood of the Angel.” He continued, pointing at the Crest worked into the mural decorating the small fitting room they were in.
“Yessssss......” Gord-Ahn whispered, drawing out the word as if savoring it. “My Mistress will pay handsomely for you. And
That life in the Village was slavery too. The woman was poor. Maeghara was rich. Other than that, they were the same.
“It’s beautiful.” Dee-Ann said giving the handful he had in his hand a soft tug. “It was one of the first things I ever noticed about you.”
She made a pleased sound deep in her throat. “Many godmoons caravanning still. Your village lies at the Doorstep of the Anvil. The Anvil? You know it?”
"Fear not boy. I require only as much as would be your contribution to any birth." Misoorayah breathed, picking up a bundle of herbs and placing them in with the powder.
He felt the cool new sun air catch in his throat and his eyes stretched wide. The Godspeaker saved his second sharpest stones for thieves. “No steal Maeghara! No time for pot. Need make pish now!” he said, making her sigh. Behind her Obid’s face was flat as a stone. Only her deep brown eyes were alive, full of questions.
“Oh please.” Castiel said pushing both hands through his hair. “You’ve practically been gnashing your teeth at me for days. Now I have tried to….” He continued then lost his temper when Tran still refused to look at him. “…oh sit down please.”
But he didn't run, or dance. Her face told him she wanted him to be silent.  So he obeyed, holding inside all his shouting pleasure. He walked to the couch nearest to her and sat down with his back very straight.
mind." he said moving to stand in front of the fire. Even compared to the "cold" of Et-Novakar, Arad Doman was a place steeped in perpetual winter. She sneered in satisfaction. "Here I am. Now tell me. What is so urgent that we could not have merely corresponded via letters?"
The great doors of the Keep were locked of course. But Castiel knew several slave entrances and passages that would be much harder to have boarded up. After all, Slaves still needed to be able to move around unseen to clean and maintain the Queen’s private chambers as well as the tapestries, wall hangings and one hundred hearths in the Keep. It was – to Castiel’s mind – the largest room in the entire Palace. Perhaps even in the entire city. He was grateful for the cloak as soon as he stepped out of the candlelit slave passage and into the Keep proper. It was freezing. No lamps or braziers had been lit here. All the hearths were cold. And so closed off, the gargantuan chamber smelled of dust and damp. Gathering his cloak tighter around himself, he walked slower now. His eyes were still adjusting to see only by the thin moonlight streaming in through the windows. The Godmoon would not be full for another week, so he had to rely heavily on his knowledge of the Keeps layout to prevent himself getting lost.
.” Gabriel said appreciatively. “You look beautiful little leaf. Gold suits you, you know? I love your face. Bit severe. But then I suppose that’s just as well.” He continued, speaking as if Castiel were a trinket in the market he was thinking of buying, but only
“I’m sorry…” he mouthed more than whispered. The blinking, he looked up at Gord-Ahn with a sniff. “If you want me? Come and get me.” He said extinguishing his tattoos and turning on his heel to hare off into the darkness behind him.
“Take off your cloak. And turn around. I want to see for myself that you don’t have a hidden weapon.” Castiel said after a moment. The boy obliged, dropping the cloak and turning on the spot.
And then he couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer, feeling his breath stutter out through his nose when he felt two strong hands snake around his waist, pulling him closer’ before moving up his back and bury themselves in his hair. For a moment the world seems to blur as he feels Dee-Ann’s tongue slide along the seam of his lips as if begging for entry. Then parting his lips, Castiel moans as Dee-Ann’s questing tongue plunges between his lips; meeting it with his own.
But all of his letters had gone unanswered. He knew she was busy. That there were many important affairs of Queen business to attend to. The Southern Delegation would be leaving soon. And even they didn’t, there would be more visitors from other parts of the Kingdom soon as well.
Castiel locked the door to his chambers and motioned for Tran to sit down. He was rewarded with a look of pure confusion, and it made him giggle.
The walls were painted a shade of bright red that only Gabriel could stand to have all around him. There was only a small window, but a neat little log burner in the corner provided both warmth and light. It would have served to keep the coats and cloaks from growing damp in the old days. He recognized low divans, couches and threadbare velvet foot stools that had all seen better days. The velvet had worn smooth, or a piece of embroidery had started to fray; and he noticed one of the footstools was missing a leg and rested on a rather thick book. An enormous mirror that had once hung in the lesser solarium, had been fixed to the wall over a wooden desk that was a little too large for the room. Gabriel had probably pilfered it from elsewhere. There were ink pots and rolls of parchment arranged to one side on the desk. Only Gabriel would sit in front of a mirror for hours while he concocted what fresh hell to visit on the poor Isaorah.
A long time passed before he woke. When once more he opened his eyes, the world was in darkness. The Godmoon and his wife walked boldly in the sky. Somehow he had slept through an entire day. He sat up. His belly was hollow. His throat was raw. And his body felt quivery and sticky with sweat.
“I have far more pressing concerns regarding this morning. Sneaking a glimpse under some southerner’s veil is hardly at the top of my list.” Castiel said working his jaw. His skin felt tight after being half frozen by the chalk paste all morning.
So many words he did not understand. But from the way Maeghara spoke, Dee-Ann could only think that these words described him. And like beautiful, flowering and blossoming and magnificent must be good things.
"That is good! You have pleased me. Yu must forget everything you saw and heard. It is the God's Business. Now go." Maeghara said with a smile.
“Majesty.” She said with a grave nod. It rankled her, being so scolded by what she must consider to be a child. A male child no less. He could see it written on her face. But
Tran’s placid expression exploded into one of unmitigated rage, tearing his hands free as if Castiel had burned him. “No! On my mouth!” he barked. “Kiss me on my mouth like we were lovers!”
The men led him out of the lizard house with its blue and yellow roof after that, back to the open place where the Caravan waited. The villagers had gone away. Now it was just Obid and her guards, keeping watch over the merchandise. A group of Todorok slaves waited in the village space; naked and chained. Dee-Ann stared hard at them as he waited for Maeghara’s return. But none of these slaves looked precious or beautiful.
“Fuck you!” Castiel strained out, lashing out. He punched and kicked and pushed and shoved at Gord-Ahn with everything he had in him; trying with all his might to get the creature off him. Managing to dig a knee into the softness of Gord-Ahn’s belly, he savagely swiped with his foot; and heard a satisfying
“Shoes are Maeghara’s word. In his shoes, the soles will soften over time. He has pretty, slender feet. They must be protected.” Said Bisla. Dee-Ann frowned. In the village, only men had clothed their feet.  He wriggled as his toes were imprisoned.
“I liked it alright. Bit dusty. The ale was good. Plenty of brown skinned boys in the Taverns looking t’have a bit of a cuddle.” She added, sticking her tongue out and smiling wickedly as Castiel made to draw his arm free with a huff. Joh’s laugh echoed off the walls. In response Castiel drove his elbow into her breastplate, soliciting another chuckle.
“I turned my back…for five….fucking minutes.” Castiel retorted in a low, dangerous voice. “And your God ruined everything. Again”
“And you thought that meant letting me take your maiden seed?” Chaala asked. Her voice was soft now, and she spread herself out on a cushion to sit more comfortably. She sounded like the stupid tutor now. Always speaking in pretty pictures and making the world sound like the poems Dee-Ann had been forced to learn.
He didn’t know those words. All he knew was that he’d displeased her. For the second time that day, salty water stung his eyes. “Tch! Tch! Tch!” she soothed him. No knuckles now, just a gentle pat to his cheek. “Eat. Slowly. I will fetch you drink. You know
"Clever boy." Gord-Ahn said with an approving nod, then let out a sigh and his features fell again. "Though I assume the old crossroads bitch helped you finally put the pieces in place."
“I implore you. Tell me of this Truthsayer?” He asked. He didn’t like to admit it, but he was afraid of meeting her. Despite the fact that there was a Truthsayer – or Dreamweaver as their order was officially known – in every court and important household in Et-Novakar and as best he knew throughout the civilized world; barely anything was
“No. I have some….paint in my eye.” Castiel said stepping onto the stool so the Slaves could undress him.
The man Bisla loosened his fingers and managed to smile. “Do not be afraid child. The water will not hurt you, and neither will we. You want to be clean don’t you?” Dee-Ann shrugged. The water sloshed against his skin, warm and inviting. All the tight places in his skin, his legs, his back that had knotted like goat hide rope with the camel riding were starting to unknot. This hot water was……was…..good? No. Good was a small word. He didn’t have a big enough word for what this was. He smiled.
“But then how is it you came to marry? To be freed?” Castiel asked fighting to keep his voice even. He swallowed, wished he hadn’t; feeling a hitch in Gord-Ahn’s breath at tha twitch in the muscle of his neck.
A group of warriors: their godbraids heavy with solid gold beads; their bodies protected by leather vests blazed bright and bold with the godsnake of Et-Novakar; long spears in their hands as they rose their striped and spotted horses onto the road – rode through the gate. They were laughing. There was no sense of danger about them. They seemed only to be exercising their horses, and to be overseeing the endless carts and carriages bearing all number of unknown things into the city.
As soon as the Slaves had packed up everything, Gabriel vacated his seat in front of Castiel’s mirror and motioned for him to sit down. “Gabriel I told you I’m not…..” he began, but cut off when Gabriel made a flapping motion with his hands.
It was exactly how he wanted to look. He thought even Maeghara would not know him now. Stupid Derubeis would walk right by him in the street, her pale wrinkled and moaning her complaint.
“We should be getting back. People might start to wonder.” Tran said, still holding his hand as he led them out of the Tavern.
“This is Dee-Ann.” Said Maeghara. “You and I will talk of him in due course. For now he goes below. But not with the others.”
“You don’t?” she asked smiling, though there was no laughing in her eyes. If anything she looked pained, and Dee-Ann found himself wondering if she was about to waste water, but instead she spoke again. “I don’t like men.”
Et-Haravelle city’s Godpost stood just inside the open gates. Grim and glorious as the God itself. Not wood, but solid shiny black stone. All its carved scorpions were purple and crimson. Maeghara gave it huge godbowl more than gold. She gave it amulets and Godbells and tiny snake skulls bound with charms. Derubeis gave it a fistful of gemstones and they both bowed their heads to the ground before it. The God appeased, they climbed back on their camels, and led the slave train across the narrow street lined with buildings made of stone and brick and wood. Dee-Ann stared at the buildings and the women and the men and the rats and the skinny dogs running free along the houses. The hot air of Et-Haravelle city was thick with woman stink and animal stink, smoke fires and cooking meat. No trees. No grass. The street was stony. The buildings winding above them blot out the light. It was dim as lowsun at the bottom.
"See his eyes Mega! He wants to hurt me!!! I won't have him here any longer!" Derubeis squawked. "He reads now. He writes. And Mega I grant he is beautiful and dances with the God's grace. But Mega? He is a blight on this house! The other slaves despise him! He sows dischord beneath the stairs with his arrogant ways! Ask Ashar. He will tell you!"
– sighed and tossed her a garment from one of the pack camels baskets. Barely breathing the child stared as the Trader took her knife and slashed through the cloth; reducing it to fit
.” Gabriel spat the word. Castiel didn’t respond. He’d been barely 3 three years old when Amenadiel had married, and Gabriel all of 9.
"Or perhaps some desert flower? Even a body slave?" the other suggested. They laughed and chortled as if he had said something very funny.
But he didn’t need to say any more. He saw the realization don on Dee-Ann’s face and, miraculously; he looked relieved. “We can stop if you….?” He began.
Dee-Ann felt a strange coldness settle over him at her words. He wanted to ask what the woman was talking about but they were interrupted by the Princess Ananakiel appearing next to the fire. She was stripped of her armor and wore only a thick woolen tunic and breeches under a wide hooded cloak. She stood facing the pair of them, planting her legs and placing her hands on her slender hips.
Only Dee-Ann did not have any glowing tattoos and magic powers. He could not burn the disease away and leave Castiel with a mark on his arm. He was nothing but a He-Brat from a nameless village the Savage East. What could he do?
A young he-brat stood beside the caged chickens. His godbraids were stubby and he wore no silver godbells. One braid was scarlet. He was a slave. He wore nothing but a loincloth and a chipped dogtooth amulet around his neck. He held a cleaver in one hand, and a chicken in the other. He was trying to lay the chicken on a chopping block and cut off its head. The chicken was squawking and flapping its wings. The he-brat was afraid of it. He struck at it with a clumsy blow and cut of a finger instead of its head. The chicken cackles and ran away. A huge woman came out of a tent to see what all the shrieking was about. She saw the he-brat with his blood spurting finger, and smacked him hard across his ear.
“Alright!” she said quickly. “Alright!!!” she added, holding up both hands in front of her with her fingers splayed. “Just come back inside please?” she was all but begging now.
"Are you not always the one telling me they are not brute beasts? So. Our house has never been plagued by slave mischief. But now you have forgot. You are so besotted with this wretched creature. You cannot see beyond the coin it will fetch! You say you are guided by the God. And for this you treat me as if I am not your Partner for years! I say you listen to a demon! And it stands there! Its name is Dee-Ann!"
Dee-Ann gaped at him. How could he ask that? How could he think that? After what they had just done together?
-	No sexual arousal is required for a man to climax and produce semen. Releasing semen and orgasming are two different things for men in my world.
Dee-Ann has reached Et-Banotaj at last. He's come a long way from a nameless he-brat under a kitchen table; and now he is ready to begin taking his first steps into his future.
Bloos dripped from the chicken’s neck, pooling at her feet. “Ran away from a miserable bitch did you?” she asked. She had a meaty face. Her lips were thick. Her nose was flat. And her teeth were crooked. She wore seven amulets in her ears. “What’s to say you won’t run away from this place too? Or as soon as I take you to Et-Novakar eh? Dee-Ann of Todorok Village? I’ve as many dancers and singers as I need.”
“Light see you Gabriel.” Castiel said as Gabriel came trotting over in a whirl of fabric, his heels clicking smartly on the stone floor. Unlike Castiel, Gabriel relished any opportunity to bedeck himself in finery. And he had to concede, Gabriel wore it oh so well. Today he was a vision in a gown of bright blue and Purple. His Mima had done a masterful job painting his face to resemble an Orchid in bloom, and to carry the theme home Gabriel opted for an elaborate headdress with two great white fan shaped petals – studded with beads and pearls – framing his head on either side. His golden hair was oiled and draped in a wealth over curls over his left shoulder.
“This is my wish also. There will be time enough to speak of many things in the coming days. For now let us break and be merry. Tonight we shall feast in your honor.” The Queen grated, before pushing off from the throne, and with a curt nod; stalked out of the Keep and into her private hallway.
Obediently, the thief emerged from the hearth, keeping his arms raised, he shook his head and the hood fell back. For a moment, Castiel was taken aback. He didn’t know what he had been expecting a thief to look like. But this was not it.
Tran was another issue. In the days since Castiel had visited the Harrowspex, he’d grown ever more curt and even sulky. After three days of pointed sighs and cutlery being thrown around on plates, Castiel had had enough.
“If all you’re going to do is make vulgar jokes at my expense then you can kindly fuck off out of my rooms and let me dress in peace.” Castiel said tossing his napkin onto the table.
“No Excellency!” The Woman protested. “No disease! No puss! No bloating! No worms! Good flesh. Healthy flesh.”
“I’m glad you’re alright.” He said in a much cooler tone than his initial reaction had hinted at. Whatever deeper emotion may have been forthcoming, Castiel had the distinct impression that El-Don’s presence had been a wet blanket thrown over it. Dee-Ann made a few more nice noises, before stalking out of the cabin saying he wanted to return to Grimsgrave to retrieve the rest of their belongings.
-ulous story of yours. Not to mention your bearing, your speech and.....” he paused to chuckle. “.....you really ought to be a bit more modest my dear. When Hanochek dressed you she saw your
But then he heard it again. And he was sure he hadn’t imagined it this time. It was soft, but definitely there. The sound of something scraping against metal.
For those of you who are worried about the timeline of this fic as well as the young age of the characters don't worry. I'm just getting some foundation story work out of the way then I am gonna jump forward in time. I have no interest in writing smut with underaged kids. And older Dean and Castiel serve me much better in this world I have created.
It ought to have comforted him. That the amulet had remained still. That it did not twitch. Did not sting him and sear his flesh like it had the witch Ilistur. Surely, if the God had not
Her features were neither handsome, nor ugly. Just she was looked neither young nor old. Her eyes were bright and cunning hovering over her thin lips and a rather hawkish nose. To Castiel it was impossible to imagine her as having ever been anything but the Queen. He knew she was his Grandmother’s second daughter. That her elder sister had died in battle alongside her mother; and rather than rely on a regent as was the custom, she had taken the throne at thirteen. Only a year older than Castiel was now.
Dee-Ann held his breath, and risked to look through his lowered lashes. The Gatekeeper grunted, her hot yellow eyes were disappointed. She handed back the two carved stones and jerked her thumb. “Pass.”
"Maeghara? How can that be true? I rode on your camel. I slept in your tent. I never wore slave chains. I have no slave braid...."
“I know.” Tran said taking Castiel’s hand when he offered it. “And you’re right. Of course the boy will be better off in the Palace. I’ll arrange it.”
"That was the official reason. She was punishing me for what she felt was an inappropriate  closeness with one of my Slaves..." Gabriel said speaking as if he were forming the words around a razor sharp piece of metal in his mouth.
“Tell me. Tell me. Tell me.” He prayed, never taking his eyes from the carved eyes of his amulet. In the firelight, the Scorpion seemed almost to breathe in her palm. From the depths of his waiting mind, the God plucked free a memory. He remembered the beautiful slave boy Bennihime, gone with the Godspeaker of Todorok Village.
Dean let Sam carry the conversation as much as he could, making tight smiles in the right places, throwing in side comments about the move to Olathe and Sam's workaholic lifestyle. They made it through half his plate of meatloaf (probably from a box) and mashed potatoes (definitely from a box) before their mother turned to Dean.
"So… Mom asked about having us over for a meal Sunday afternoon." He kept his head tilted to one side, eyes on the wood surface under his hand. "I told her I thought we could make it."
If Dean had been able to choose the timing of events in life, he probably wouldn't have picked having his brother move in with him the week Benny was closing the contract with Elysium. He'd spent half his week on the phone with Sam, preparing to share his home for the first time in over a decade, half his week on the phone with Benny, going over details and getting pep talks about his new direction as an author, and the other half of his week moving boxes of stuff around and out of his house. To top off the insanity, he'd overlooked an email from his new editor at Elysium in the sea of social media notifications and literary newsletters that constantly filled his inbox. The man had called him after a few days, leaving Dean feeling like an idiot and scrambling to turn around a bad first impression.
Dean glared and then shook his head—although he did make a mental note to check online about the museum. "You know what I meant. A bit of physical activity won't kill you." He stood, wincing and hissing as his lower back protested. It wasn't appreciating the twenty non-stop hours of driving and hiking. His brother looked as though he was going to make a comment about it, so Dean gave him a hard scowl.
"While I have you," Castiel said, "we might as well go over something I noticed today: none of your characters talk about their family outside the cast of the novel."
"Mr. Shurley, I am merely helping your teammates communicate with you. I normally would not be involved in this type of literature, but when they asked for my help, of course I was happy to add my support to their cause. We're just one big team here at Elysium, are we not?"
Dean put away the laptop and headed off to bed. He knew tomorrow he'd be able to give the editing feedback the serious focus it needed.
"I think he would." Castiel said, with more surety than the evidence probably warranted. He'd have to remain confident, since this was his idea.
When the food was almost ready, Sam set out plates and forks, and the two of them ate together at the table. Dean couldn't remember the last time he'd sat there for a meal before his brother moved in. He listened to Sam talk about Kansas City, and they went back and forth about businesses of interest between there and Olathe. After dinner, Sam sat on the couch, fiddling on his phone. Dean returned to his pile and continued to sort. Long after Sam had stood, stretched, and headed off to bed, Dean was taking photos and typing notes on his laptop. It was after midnight by the time he thought it had something resembling organization.
He breathed an audible sigh of relief when the doors of the Great Hall opened and Annanakiel came in to relieve him. After the morning sitting with one of the Sons of the Blood, more senior matters of Court were then addressed by one of the Queen’s Daughters. Castiel smiled as his sister approached. Gabriel was walking a few feet behind their sister, grinning evilly as he made a circling motion around his face and pointing his chin at their sister, and Castiel saw instantly what he was on about. Ana looked weary, and her face was a rather unflattering shade of pink from too long in the sun. She’d been away from the Capital for months on some errand of the Queen’s. Likely she would’ve been gone for longer were it not for these celebrations. But she looked well all things considered. He rose from his seat severely and walked down to meet her.
“My lot.....?” Castiel mused. The realization dawned on him. “You mean.....the uprising. You were alive for that?” he asked, continuing before Gord-Ahn could affirm it. “I’m afriad a History lesson may be in order. It was
“Have I not spent my life inside these walls? This Palace is my entire world. I know its secrets.” Castiel said as Tran pulled the scarf around his face to hide it better. “And I would know theirs as well.”
‘An arrogant man, this slave Ashar’ Dee-Ann thought. He would speak to Maeghara about him when next they sat together. Until then he could play this stupid game. He shook his head. “No Ashar. Dee-Ann attend you.”
The absurdity of the statement made Castiel chuckle. But that was Gabriel. And Castiel loved him dearly.
“Did she touch you here?” he mouthed against his skin before Castiel felt something warm and soft and delicious cover his right nipple. He moaned as Dee-Ann sucked on the tight nub, swirling his tongue over it before kissing his way across Castiel’s chest to lavish similar attention on his left nipple as well.
…seated on haughty white camels, jangling with all manner of beads and bangles, dangling with jewels and sacred amulets, their skins shiny with fragrant oils and shining knife sheaths on their belts. Behind them stretched the longest snakespine of merchandise. Women’s inferior daughters discarded, a he-brats and Men. All naked. All chained. Some born into slavery, others newly sold.
Castiel rolled his neck from side to side, feeling the little bones slot into place with a satisfying crack. After shuddering awake the fourth time from yet more nightmares that abandoned him upon waking, he’d given up; wrapped himself in his favorite shawl and poured himself a generous glass of wine. Walking out onto the balcony, he found himself staring off into nothing. Overhead, the sky blushed slowly; before eventually turning the color of an old bruise. As the night faded and slowly surrendered to the day, the city beneath him seemed almost to exhale. A thin breeze whistling in over the mountain. It sighed its way through the glooming balconies, courtyards and expanding pools of shadow linking the labyrinth of alleys that made up the cross section of areas surrounding the palace. The draft danced between buildings and through darkened hearths; releasing with it the smell of the city. Mortar. Pitch. People. Smoke. Even at this hour the market below still tasted faintly of a strange mix of burning oil, incense and too many different cooking fires. All combining to make the air taste of dank and rust. Like blood. Countless torches and gas lamps – strung across streets in every imaginable color – paper lanterns, painted signs and umpteen miles of ceremonial flags swayed heavily in the draft as they flickered. All swaying, groaning, creaking. Mourning.
Tessa looked as though she was about to growl something at him. Castiel felt his anger flare. He straightened up to his full height.
Dee-Ann shook his head. Bisla snapped his fingers at the other men, and they lifted him by his arms and dropped him shrieking and kicking into the water. It closed over his head, as though the God was swallowing him alive, rushed up his nose and down his throat. A haze as scarlet red as Maeghara’s scorpion flashed behind his screwed shut eyes. He thrashed to the surface, opened his mouth to scream but only water poured in.
"There!"  Cried Derubeis, haughty and cross. "See what you have done? Perhaps NOW you will grant me my wish of sooooooo many godmoons over? I told you in Todorok Village! Buy it a slave braid. I told you on the road daily and nightly. Do not make of it a pet! I said from the start! And would you heed me? No you would not! You hung it in silk and jewels. And now see what has come of it. Ot has grown proud and ignorant! This stupid precious pet of yours! It does not know its place in the world!"
The next morning Castiel got out of his bed with a heavy heart. He knew Tran was already awake because he’d heard him walking around in the room. It was tempting to write it all off as just a drunken rant. And if Tran tried to pretend that it was, then Castiel would pretend with him. But he knew it wasn’t. And whether it would be positive or negative, he knew their friendship would never be the same again.
Dee-Ann stopped pretending to sleep. He threw himself to the edge of Maeghara’s blanket, pressing his head to the ground. “Maeghara
“Quite.” Castiel said looking down at his hands. The near invisible threads of blossoms had all snapped in the struggle. Rather than try to salvage them, Castiel threw the cunning little blossoms into the air, letting the damnable wind have them. In an instant they were all but gone, floating off in the direction of the gypsy camp.
“But….she told me……it was a Raven. And my seed. She never….” Castiel sputtered pulling back the hood. He was too hot and he was freezing at the same time.
“You’re regretting it.” he said. It was not a question. He exhaled through his nose, and Dee-Ann was reminded of an angry Cow. For a moment, all Dee-Ann can do is plead with his eyes. Castiel’s face swam with emotion, and the bitter taste in Dee-Ann’s mouth returned. Then without another word Castiel turned and was off like a shot into the treeline.
“Prepare the red. And be quick!” Tran ordered sharply from the side, forking cold meat onto to plate for Castiel with some dried berries. His tone surprised even Castiel, and the slave boy jumped to complete his task. Castiel waited for Tran to say something, but he didn’t. Tran’s abruptness was confusing. Today was to be the first day when things would calm a little. The Queen was setting off to the Mountains on a Hunting Party with the women of the Delegation. They would be gone for two days at least.
someplace. The Palace was all he’d ever known. The idea of longing for it was a strange one. But Castiel knew how much Johdilia loved their homeland, so he didn’t voice the thought.
“A friend?! Tcha! You’re not a man or a Master. You’re some impotent, useless thing that doesn’t know how to be either.” Tran said pulling his mouth into a hard line, before his entire face collapsed into despair and he drove both palms into his eyes. Eyes which Castiel could now see were filled with tears.
Rubi threw up her hands. “And this is good Mega? Intelligent slaves are good? Aiiiieeeeee may the God protect us!”
Fighting the disorientation that always came with such powerful displays of his Blood magic, Castiel brought his arms down to his side. And above him, the twisting ball of light split into three; forming the three points of a triangle.
His golden tattoos ignited all at once, even as his eyes burned white hot and his hair and cloak lifted away from his body as if affected by some unseen wind. Castiel watched with satisfaction as the thief upended the godbowl next to her and crashed right into a bank of votive candles as she scrambled to get away. Rushing with all the speed and grace of a cockroach, the thief’s legs tumbled over her head and shot off like an arrow to get away from Castiel. With the doors blocked, the only place for her to go was deeper into the Keep.
Castiel felt his breath shudder around a sob, though he collected himself quickly. “So you didn’t….You didn’t want….”
With this last, all fight seemed to leave him. And Castiel had to bodily ease him to the ground while Tran cried. Too many emotions warred inside him at once. So instead of speaking, he simple let Tran hug his legs; before finally after a minute or so…Tran pushed himself to his feet and was gone.
“Speak no more! We shall revisit this when your spirits have cooled.” Gabriel said reaching for another cake. “But have a care brother. It will do you no favors locking horns with a Godspeaker. Kufu might be a loathsome creature, but he is a Holy Man. And he has enjoyed Mother’s favor for many years.”
He grit his teeth behind his lips, but didn’t speak. If he wanted to take his stick back he would have to step closer to this woman. He had seen women do this enough times. She wanted to wrap her arms around him. He would not let her.
Hi all!!!! Sorry for this going up late. I was on schedule then Covid-19 claimed my Fiance's grandmother, and a friend of ours in the space of two days. So it has been a bit of a turmoil in my house the last few days. But I admit, it was nice to escape into this chapter. Hope you all enjoy!
Dee-Ann said nothing. He felt a hollowing in his chest. But he kept his face still. "How long?" he asked softly.
“I will not. If anyone must beg for forgiveness it…..” Castiel began but stopped when Gabriel raised his hands.
"They fell out of favor when it was discovered, there were still those among them who practiced the religions of their homeland. Sula was made an example of. He was ravaged, beaten and promptly banished. But not before he'd saved enough coin....with my help; to bring his sister to the city." Gabriel explained as he led Castiel to a rather seedy looking region.
” the old woman gasped. Her scummy eyes lost their focus and rolled upwards in her head like a Godspeaker’s in the middle of Sacred Ritual. “
Why did the God not save his beautiful and precious slave?............................................
“If you waggle your fingers as fast as your tongue there’ll be plenty of godbraids when we give him back!” snapped Bisla. Dee-Ann yawned and closed his eyes. The hot water had left him sleepy. All nagging pains were lulled to silence. The knots were gone from his hair now. The men’s fingers whispered through it. Their light touched on his scalp, prickled over warm, clean, sweet smelling skin. The men chattered as they worked, talking of people in secret, village business. He let his mind drift, wondering about Maeghara and what she was doing.
In front of the watchful eyes of all in attendance, he dropped to his knees. As heartbeat after her stopped moving, so too did his retinue. He’d bowed his head, but he could feel their eyes on him. Waiting. Uncertain. But he could scarce afford to worry on that now. No more than three heartbeats passed, but Castiel felt them like an eternity, feeling a hammering in his ears as his heart pounded against his ribs. Finally, like a quake on the periphery of his mind, he felt it. The whiplash tightening of his muscles, forcing her back into an arch and stretching his skin tight over his bones. And letting out the breath he hadn’t even known he was holding in a sharp hiss…he opens his eyes, and feels his will rocket out of him.
“To keep us safe.” She said with wide eyes. “Haven’t you seen a military checkpoint before? They are everywhere on the Queen’s Road. The Novakari Queen and the Warlords loyal to her have all dispatched warriors to keeping the peace on the trade routes. These warriors protect Traders and Caravans from being raided or robbed by bandits or renegade Warlords in this time of drought and hunger. Didn’t you see them on your way to Et-Banotaj?” she asked.
The Godspeaker nodded, then released the crystal to dangle on its leather thong on the end of her finger. There it swung, all its blaze dead like a cold fire. Maeghara opened the gate. The black dog cowered at the nearness of the Godspeaker.
He danced from Maeghara, honoring her. When he finished, and the last tambourine chime had died; even Rubi praised him.
Tran stopped next to a Godpost and seemed to be scanning the streets looking for something. Two empty coached rolled by, but for some reason Tran did not hail them down. Castiel took the opportunity to look around. They were next to a shop selling what looked like imported wood and leather items. His eyes were drawn to a particularly charming figurine of two lovers embracing, when Tran tapped him on the shoulder. Apparently he’d finally settled on a coach that was to his liking, and Castiel had to suppress a groan.
What followed was a flurry of activity. Gord-Ahn and Dee-Ann screamed at the same time. Through a filigree of tears, Castiel could see Gord-Ahn rushing him; then felt himself in his chair thrown backwards and collide hard with the ground. With a sound like fabric tearing, Gord-Ahn ripped the still burning bandages from Castiel’s wrists and ankles, pressing the folds of his gown over his burning skin with bruising force.
"The Southerners are leaving after your nameday. I can only pray the Princess Idan has not heard tell of your foolishness and rejected your troth outright." She said.
He became one with the silence thinking of this new word. In the village, no he-brat was safe. Not from the Woman, or her Daughters, or the Godspeaker who stalked the streets like a vulture looking for sin to stone. “Safe.” He whispered to himself. The white camel flicked its ear at him, grumbling softly as it walked. He looked back at the Trader. “Safe? Et-Banotaj?”
Dee-Ann collapses on top of Castiel, boneless and pliant as, still panting, he places a sloppy kiss on the side of Castiel’s mouth. With a wince, Castiel feels his cock softening inside him; and finally slip out.
More than anything he realized the source of his sadness and indignation and the pain he was feeling now......was sitting in front of him.
“Thank you.” Castiel said. “I’ll see to it that he becomes one of Gabriel’s Body Servants. He might be eccentric. But Gabriel isn’t cruel. At least that way I’ll know the boy won’t be abused.”
“Oh.” Gabriel said coming to stand next to him. “For Mother’s nameday celebrations. They’re performers mostly. Jugglers and firebreathers and musicians and dancers and what have you. They’ve been pouring in for almost a week now from all corners. It’s fallen to me to put them up.”
"Only through the greatness of the God was this done. Your Spiders weave their webs in the ears of Warlords all over Mijak, but when it comes to it; to blood and bone....it is the God who guides the blade." Bobarak said rounding on her.
“What you heard was between me, and the God. It is no concern of yours.” He said in a low, threatening voice.
Castiel chose that moment to make a keening sound from the bed. Both men rose and walked over to him. He looked terrible. His brow was shining with sweat and his hair and pillow looked soaked. His expression looked strained and his breath was coming hard.
“Light see you Tran.” Castiel said with a smile as he seated himself in front of the smoked glass, picking up a comb and raking it along a handful of his hair.
Throughout, Castiel remained on the divan and adopted an expression of haughty calm he did not feel. He wanted them to see him in all his finery.
“Depends. He’ll probably get sick. Pox is most likely. Most of those children won’t live to see puberty. If Lu-Cas grows up pretty enough, he might escape this place to become a whore. But who knows? He might be one of the lucky ones. And some nice noblewoman will see him and take him for a slave. Most likely the work will kill him. They’ll throw his corpse in the river with the rest of the trash and that’ll be that.” Tran said. His voice was light, nonchalant. But it was clear there was real bile rising in his heart.
The sun was gone now. The Godmoon and his wife strode in the sky together. Obid and the other slave’s harsh breathing was loud in the hush that had fallen over the city, as Dee-Ann walked in silence between Maeghara and Derubeis. Flowering trees lined both edges of the smooth pavestones beneath their feet. Floating on the stirring night air, faint streams of music, voices and still the singing of silver godbells teased their ears. A teasing aroma of spicy meat made Dee-Ann hungry.
"I see. You crave it don't you. The hunt. You need it. But with us here you haven't been able to." Castiel said slowly. "So once you'd caught her, you brought her here, where you could feed on her anytime you liked. And at dinner time, Hanochek could fill your goblet directly from the source."
“What are you talking about?” Dee-Ann asked, stuffing the small wheel of cheese he’d been wrapping into his rucksack.
Hi guys. Just a short little update to wet your appetite. I'm going to be skipping blocks of time within the chapters to come just because there are going to be a lot of days that are very samy for Cas and Dean. But not worry. There will still be some......developments......along the way. Hope you guys enjoy!
She and short Derubeis had bought four more Villagers after leaving the woman’s holding. A woman, another he-brat, and two girls. Unlike him, they walked with the rest of the Slaves, chained to them and to each other; and guarded by the five tall slaves with spears. Sitting before Maeghara on her white camel, its coarse hair tickling his bare legs, he shook his head.
"Is that my hair?!" He howled, pointing at the handful of rich brown hair laid out on a white cloth in front of her.
"I help the people who walk through that door in whatever way they need. And for the right price. Man's wife fuckin him too hard, I can brew him a tea that'll dry her cunt and douse her flame." she said. "Man's wife got a wandering eye? I have herbs....one pinch in a cup of wine she'll ride him till morning."
She had two cups in her hand and a full bladder of wine. She moved slowly around the tent, lighting more candles and settling herself on a cushion facing him. She set the cups down on a small carpet between them and poured them each a measure of wine from the bladder. He did not make to touch his cup until he had watched her take a sip.
"It is four years to the day since the last time it happened." she said. "And more troubling than this......the time of the Nexus is almost upon us."
“The Savage East is different. Long ago it had warlords to rule it. It was part of two provinces known as Et- Lorents and Et-Kansais. But the land is harsh there. And with every season, grain by grain the sands of the Anvil crept closer. Those long ago Warlords abandoned the East for the cursed,
He kept the knife in his hand, walking in a wide arc around her as he made his way back into the tent. He heard her enter behind him then secure the flap with its ties.
“You listen to old Bara-Bhur Dee-Ann of Todorok village. Before you set off into this pig shit world. You find yourself someone with no taste for blood and battle to give your heart to.” She said with a slow nod and a sad smile. “Die of old age, covered in children and grandchildren.”
He scoffed as he tucked it back under his nightdress and drained the last of his wine. Dire indeed. Almost three years to the day since he’d let Gabriel talk him into her heretical nonsense. And for what?
“Yes.” Dee-Ann said softly, as he pressed his lips just above a nipple then grazed it gently with his teeth. “Very much.” Dee-Ann said with a nod as he let the hard nub fall from his lips. Aaaaaiiiiiiieeee how he liked Castiel like this. All soft skin and warm touches and pliant as a kitten beneath him. His cock was slowly stirring again, and it didn’t seem as if Castiel was of a mind to complain; Dee-Ann could feel him thickening against his thighs as well. Castiel let out a gasp and his fingers twitched as he drew them up Dee-Ann's back and touched his face.
“Whoah!” Johdilia said stepping back and putting up her hands in a conciliatory gesture. “Where’d that come from?”
....” he pulled an ugly face. “....and get on with my life. And I had everyone fooled too! They liked to whisper about me. But eventually they all accepted me.
"Well, it is… but it isn't. Like, they want it to be the same plot I had but bring out the character stuff more. See, they picked it up because they liked the cast diversity and want more."
, they're pushing Uriel's new urban fantasy. Like the market needs one more universe of vampires and faeries…"
Castiel didn't exactly dislike her... She did strike him as someone with her own agenda though. Older and more senior within the sales department, Rowena had helped them sell more than one book to management—in exchange for their help on some of her pet projects, of course.
At this Derubeis’ eyes fell on Dee-Ann, and he knew she was thinking of when he had caught the stone, and made the light appear.
so wonderful – he shook his head as she took an empty bronze cup, and filled it from a leather flask.  Rubi nodded. “Good idea Mega. If you insist on having it in your tent, best it be well fuddled.”
“See this Maeghara! The God bites me! It is a sign! Dream no more of fortune! Sell you precious Dee-Ann in Todorok! I beg you!!!” she said sounding desperate. Maeghara reached for a square of white linen and handed it to her.
Gabriel steered him away from a particularly busy looking street, motioning him down a back alley to a door sunk below the street level. There was a bell fitted over the door, which tinkled as they walked through. Castiel couldn't help the way his mouth fell open at what he saw there.
for a second, he thought he could see a momentary slip in the mask Gord-Ahn put on. As if something real had slipped out before he could cover it with more blustering and bullshit.
"Foolish little thing. Thought herself brave. She thought she could impress her friends back in the Village with a story of how
“But Mega? Et-Haravelle’s son is God Promised to Et-Banotaj? Haravelle Warlord cannot give him to Bajadek.”
"Maeghara would never fuck with a slave. She has no need to. Any man in this village would give his eye teeth for her to take him to her thighs." the older brother said.
. The Imperium, the Warlords, all the Great Houses, they are but bits of flotsam in the path of the flood of history. Dead wood that needs chopping and burning for a new forest to grow from the ash." The old woman said, and Castiel felt his blood turn to ice at the sound of her voice. Absolutely certain, and completely devoid of any human mercy.
Through slitted eyes Dee-Ann watched as Maeghara studied her Godbones. The scarlet scorpion on her cheek was restless as she rolled the painted pieces of snake spine, read them and rolled them again. He had never seen Godbones painted like that. Blood red and venom green and blue like the sky at highsun. The woman in the Village had Godbones. Small, chipped and bare of paint. She had made them herself after a snake dance, and was never pleased with what they told her. The racing lizards she bet on always lost.
“Hot water, fresh soap, cloths, brushes and combs.” Said the man Bisla. “A bead box, my hand mirror. Tunic and pantaloons from Deelie’s room. Cotton not linen or wool. And shoes.”
Strong arms slid beneath his shoulders and his knees. Maeghara lifted him as the God’s breath lifted dust. “See how the God smiles Rubi?” she said “He has a sweet song voice to match his face.”
“Alright then.” Gabriel said with a small smile. Castiel returned it. Gabriel felt his emotions powerfully. But it wasn’t in him to remain angry for long. “We’ll meet in my rooms. Yours are so drab. And wear something pretty. You’ll be no use to me making aesthetic decisions if you look like death.”
That seemed to do it. Gord-Ahn drew back from Dee-Ann so he could sneer at Castiel. With the same unnatural grace as a spider weaving its web, Gord-Ahn actually flipped his weight back over his ehad like a dancer. His gown pooled about him as his legs tumbled in a neat arc through the air.
All eyes turned to the Queen. She inclined her head at the compliment, and straightened even further in her throne.
It was a comfortable, lived in sort of a room that Castiel found very charming. Though like most things involving Gabriel it was just a little too much for his tastes.
QUESTION: Do you guys want me to keep going with new chapters (i.e Act Three) in this same thread? Or would you prefer the continuation be a separate thread? I only ask because the chapter count is getting high.
Memory came flooding in and he all but roared. "What in the name of the Light have you done to me witch?!" he snarled.
“I’m not dressed Gabriel.” Castiel answered back weakly. He had been enjoying the hot water immensely, and having ordered the slaves out of the room; had just begun teasing his foreskin over the engorged head of his cock. He groaned as Gabriel came striding with a dismissive flick of his wrist.
Hey guys. Hope you guys enjoyed. I just wanted to spend a little bit of time with Castiel's internal emotions. He's quite stern, but a lot has happened to him and I didn't want it to come across like he wasn't profoundly affected. Also the: "I hate myself and everything about being gay - except when I'm having happy alone time."
“That is not a risk I am prepared to take.” Maeghara said gravely. “You have eyes Rubi. You see Et-Jokriel is turning brown. It is not alone. You saw how changed Et-Bajadek and Et-Takona had become since last we caravanned through them. Those Warlords will soon be at each other’s throats, spilling
So he dressed himself in the clothes she gave him: Thick cotton pantaloons that pooled around his legs and a simple tunic – both brown – which he had to tighten with a cord around his waist. His feet were smaller than hers, so he decided to keep his own shoes for the time being.
It took the Godspeaker caravan thirty seven Highsuns to reach the lands of Banotaj Warlord. In that time, they met the warriors of Et-Bajadek five more times. Maeghara and Derubeis said nothing of them. They closed their eyes and pretended not to see.
The water flowing deep beneath the land of Novak – Maeghara said – flowed to the surface where the God desired, in streams and rivers. Creatures called
“I am here God.” He whispered. “Your beautiful and precious slave Dee-Ann has arrived. I am yours. Do with me what you will.”
“What was the situation in Portstown?” Castiel asked quickly. When Joh started groaning he forged on before she could dismiss him. “Why are the Southerners here? And why did the Queen summon you all the way back? Is the entire Honor Guard coming? Why does she need them here?”
“I swear before the God! I was only trying to make an offering!” the thief yowled as Castiel stepped closer. They were less than ten feet apart now. “I was paying tribute to the God that was long overdue. I swear it! I would never in my life steal from the God.”
“And in the process made an enemy of one who could have been a useful ally.” The third voice said. It was obvious – whoever they were – there was no love lost between them and Kufu. But Castiel was curious now. When the Reverend Mother spoke of others, did she mean his brothers? Or was there an even larger game afoot?
"Charlie here tells me you've taken an interest in dear Mr. Winchester's work, Castiel," Rowena opened, her Scottish accent lilting across his name. "I have to say, while it isn't exactly what I would expect of your reading shelf, I can see a certain appeal in his prose. He certainly paints a beautiful picture of this fine country."
"Good. Make certain you text me, so that I'll know you sent an email. Also, in response to your previous message, no, I don't think Eric should 'shack up' with Atticus. The story is better served by keeping that tension unresolved. Besides which, Eric obviously tends to desire things and people that he considers unattainable. Good night, Dean."
"I'm sure you do…" She looked amused. "But this is so far outside Mr. Shurley's markets that I'm not sure even
"Better look this over in the morning…" he muttered to himself. You never knew how work done in the wee hours would look in the light of day. He turned off the lights and made his way to bed.
Castiel's rumbling voice sent an odd thrill through Dean's chest. Weirded out, he took a moment to firmly stomp that down, during which the editor continued.
. ...Especially nature fanatics." He raised an eyebrow and tilted his head at her with a beseeching look.
Sam tipped his head, watching the pan of simmering tomatoes and macaroni. "Wait… So it isn't another survival-nature suspense story?"
"Oh, the usual," Gabriel growled, crossing his arms. "Mainly online ads, some press releases, the author doing whatever stores they can get into… Like those aren't a dying breed. Just once, I'd like to see this house put some big events behind something a little outside the mainstream. Damn Adler and his insipid pandering..."
"Still, it was something good to be able to fall back on when money got tight." Her voice took on a sharper edge, the authoritative tone she used when she knew she was right. "Dean, you're still making payments on that land you bought. You never know when you might need to pick up a job."
The big woman looked more amused than anything else. He had to look a long way up to her eyes. She was one of the tallest women he had ever seen. Her face looked nothing like Maeghara, or Derubeis. Her skin was pink from heat, and her godbraids were the color of blood. Closer now, Dee-Ann could see she was not as old as he had originally thought. She only looked older because of her size. And it was clear that she had spent many years in the sun, and he body was the kind of powerful that Dee-Ann had only seen in warriors.
“But they were all of them deceived....” Gord-Ahn said in a low voice, a familiar smile unsheathing over his face like a dagger being drawn. “....you see, she may have been beaten in battle; but the Old Queen was cunning even in her defeat. Six hundred slaves were selected at random; in accordance with the treaty. But the
“Light see you as well Gabriel.” Castiel said backing away. “And just what do you think you’re about barging in here? What if I’d been undressed?”
“Anne Bonnie. And I hardly think you need any help.” Castiel said. Their humor lingered a moment, before his expression turned serious again.
Maeghara sighed, bending to place her hands on his shoulders. "Dee-Ann. Listen to me. It is true, I have treated you differently. I have dressed you in fine clothes and paid a tutor to teach you. But that does not mean you are not a slave. I have done these things to increase your value."
In the cheery morning light of the moor, his eyes are huge and dark, strangely vulnerable. His lips – kissing close – are full and soft, and slightly parted. Something inside Castiel rolls at the sight of them, his heartbeat rioting in his chest; banishing some of the fatigue he’d felt a moment before. Dee-Ann's fingers flutter weakly against the dip of Castiel's waist. Castiel wants him to move his hand, he wants to move something. He wants…
Dee-Ann left the room, but hovered by the door; aching to know what they discussed and why this had become a day of so many secret things.
Dee-Ann sank in only a few inches at first but he gave an amazed, strangled groan of such sheer pleasure it was as if he found the sensation completely overwhelming. His blond head dropped to Castiel's chest, forehead resting against his shoulder as he pushed in deeper with careful, needy little thrusts.
The Trader smiled, making her scarlet scorpion dance. “You are deaf? Or would you like to be?” she said, drawing her blade and holding it to the Woman’s chin. “Headless women hear nothing.”
wrong! There must come a point where he would enjoy this, and he was determined to reach it! He'd fought for this. He'd told Dee-Ann he wanted it. He'd been fantasizing about it for weeks. He wasn't going to give up now. Gasping softly, Dee-Ann rocked his hips slowly back, pulling out and pushing back in with a soft, reverent curse of awe.
“I want you to tell me every place that woman touched you. Every place where she hurt you. We’ll banish her ghost together.” Dee-Ann said with a mix of bitterness and desire that somehow managed to make Castiel’s already leaking cock throb. He trembled underneath his mouth as Dee-Ann began kissing down across his chest.
Twisting his neck, he looked up to Et-Banotaj’s pinnacle rising up from the center of the city. In the bright sunshine he could see a wide road, winding round and round the barracks and the Palace to the Godhouse at its peak. If he squinted he could see many figures on that road, traveling up and traveling down. The Scorpion on top of the Godhouse’s Godpost blazed black and crimson in the light. The God’s great Eye watching them all.
“I promise.” Gabriel said all but snapping to attention, his face a neutral mask and his posture as rigid as any soldier.
Looking away, Castiel caught sight of himself in the mirror. His skin was milk white. And naked as he was now, his own sacred tattoos seemed almost to gleam. Unlike Tran’s which were deep indigo, Castiel’s – like all of his Blood – were gold. The beautiful looping script of the Sacred Spells ran from his right wrist, all the way up his arm, over his shoulder and down his right side to settle on his hip; before curling down his leg and ending around his ankle. With only twelve namedays behind him, the design was nowhere near complete. But Castiel liked the way the tattoos looked on his skin.
Sitting cross legged with his back straight, he dug into his food sack for the cook’s knife. He turned the blade to the side so he could look into his own eyes. For a moment he was gripped with the urge to kiss his skin with the blade. To cut off that beauty that had made him so precious until there was nothing left.
“Don’t worry I’ve got you.” Gabriel said with a smile in his voice as they both fought to free him..
“My Lord you must stop this……” Tessa said in an urgent voice. “He is a Godspeaker.” She said desperately.
The slave Naga returned with towels and a brush and a dark blue robe. Dee-Ann climbed out of the bath, water streaming down his lovely clean skin and from his wet hair. After the slave Naga had dried him, he pulled on the robe and let the slave drag the brush through his hair over and over until it was smooth and barely damp.
Laughing, Maeghara waved away an obstinate fly. “With this prize? Rubi kiss your eye for blasphemy.”
Castiel awoke to hear Gabriel whispering orders to a slave. Something about food, and the fire. He was fully content to slip back under the surface of sleep, when he heard another voice.
The other Trader nodded, scrambling to cover her naked breast. "First we got drunk Godspeaker." she said, her voice high and squeaky. "Then we got lost."
A stupid question. He-brats were owed no names. No more than the stones on the ground. Or the dead goats in the slaughter hut waiting to be skinned. He opened his mouth to say so. Then closed it again. The Trader was almost smiling. There was a look in her eyes he’d never seen before. A question. Or a challenge. It meant something. He was sure it meant
I am able to pull it off... the three of you will be working on it from now until release. No protests!" Gabriel jabbed a finger at Rowena.
"Don't go showing this around too much," his older cousin muttered, slipping Castiel a hard copy. "Trying to keep off Adler's radar for now."
after lunch, and by the next morning, he was more convinced than ever that he needed to get a look at Winchester's new manuscript.
He had just sent off another round of suggestions on Hurrand's new psych novel and was preparing to look over the third edit of a detective thriller when his cousin Gabriel strode in and shut the door.
"Hey, okay," Gabriel said when Castiel didn't continue right away, "don't grind your gears. I'll see what I can do. Ol' Zach isn't going to like me nosing around something he gave the hard pass on… but that just might be a perfect reason to do it."
Sam disappeared for a bit while Dean chopped vegetables and started cooking, and when he reappeared, he had swapped out his dress shirt and slacks for a gray t-shirt and sweatpants.
Dean had long since exhausted the winter prep he could do on his own property, and now that Sam was settled in, he needed something else to occupy him while he waited for Castiel Novak to get back to him. Hunting and migration season was starting in Kansas; it was one of the periods of the year where he worked a lot of jobs as a guide. While writing and blogging was finally providing some noticeable income, he couldn't do without the side gigs. He'd already had a few voicemails asking about making reservations. These days, he did more wildlife and photography treks. They would never pay as well as the big game hunting used to, but his heart just wasn't in ferrying rich guys to an easy shot any more. He mostly brought out the old skills when teaching youth hunting courses or when the local authorities called him up about tracking down a nuisance animal.
"Yeah, but ours had some fresh characters at least," Gabriel protested. "The main in this one is, guess what, a dark and broody young woman with a mysterious past who just wants to leave it behind her. At least until a similarly mysterious and hot male vampire enters her life…" He fumed, his amber eyes blazing.
Castiel didn't bother with trying to weave small talk into a segue; Charlie seemed to mostly follow his strange topic jumps without complaint.
Located in a multistory in Manhattan, the Elysium House offices spanned five floors, sandwiched between a financial advisory group and an insurance company. Elysium was in the top ten publishing houses for popular fiction. They'd had at least one book ranked above twenty on the fiction bestsellers for seventy-three weeks straight, a dozen total since the start of the year. Over the last decade, the company had developed a reputation for being able to outmaneuver the larger publishers, recruiting new talent before anyone else was even aware the writers existed. It was almost like their acquiring editors had some direct line to rising writers.
He shivered suddenly. He knew he should try and sleep. To recover his strength. But he was afraid. Ever since the Queen's revelation he couldn't help but shake the vision from his dreams. He was beginning to think the death and despair he'd seen was his own.
Here are just a couple of reference images for some of the hairstyles Castiel has had to endure throughout the story. I dunno if I am doing a great job carrying across how complex some of these are.
“…and I’m not ready to wake up just yet.” Castiel continued, resting his chin on his hand so he could look at Dee-Ann. Dee-Ann took his face in both hands and pressed a tingling kiss to his lips. His soft lips that were even better than any imagining of his when he’d had his cock in his hands.
The Godspeaker did not answer. She just swung her Godstaff sharp and hard. It caught the Traders behind their knees and sent them sprawling on the cobblestones. They cried out in surprise and pain, wriggling onto their backs below the Godspeaker. She knelt between them, and laid her Godstaff at her side. Dee-Ann saw no anger in her face. No sorrow. No pleasure. Her face was smooth. Her eyes were calm. And terrible.
Walking back into his rooms, he placed it gingerly on the table next to his tray. Dropping it before he'd had a chance to unseal it would be less than ideal. These kinds of official communications were sealed with God's Breath. If it smashed, it would destroy the message inside, and almost certainly kill the fool who'd tried to look on what was not meant for their eyes. Which is why they were usually reserved for important or state information. Digging into his night dress, he removed the bright blue jewel from around his neck. Holding it over the seal, he watched it glow green for a moment, before with a hiss of air almost like a  child's sigh; the glow evaporated. Instantly, the sense of potency and danger that had lingered around the thing a moment before lifted. Tucking the stone back into his night dress, he leaned forward to examine it more closely.
Whatever else they were to each other; Tran was – in the eyes of the world – his Slave. They didn’t have a friendship. They had a transaction. And as much as his cock would give him no peace; he refused to become one of those people. Thinking only of himself and his own desires was what had killed Lu-Cas’s sister as much as the Harrowspex. And even if Tran appeared to be willing – and could put up a mighty sulk every time he felt rebuffed – Castiel refused to let his selfish desires ruin another life.
Tran gave him a horrified look, his hand automatically finding the disc at his throat. “Castiel…it is a night and a day on the stone wheel for Servants caught without their necklace…..”
Though he’d seen the God wake over and over, Dee-Ann held his snake eye amulet with a thrill of surprise. The Godspeaker picked up the golden cockerel and his sacrifice knife. Like the others before it, the beautiful bird died soundless; slit from crop to tail in a single blow. Its entrails slipped into the waiting scorpion bowl and became hot fire. As the sacred circle’s black flame danced around him, the Godspeaker fell to his knees and plunged his face into the offering’s greasy blue smoke. Breathing deeply, his eyes rolled back in his head.
“Good. It is foolish to care for the feelings of a slave. Now come.” She said. He returned with her to their camp, where Rubi was brewing tea and cooking corn cakes in a pan. She was wearing a white robe shot through with gold threads, and all her godbraids were gathered in a tail at the base of her neck. She’d taken off her blue stone eye. Now a green coiled snake circled round her neck. The stone it was carved from was shiny. He’d never seen anything like it before. Seeing his gaze, she tucked it into the neck of her robe.
A hush had fallen over the Keep so absolute that his boot heels, and the drag of his gown behind him could be heard as he took his first steps into the cavernous room. He heard a few sharp intakes of breath as countless eyes took in his costume and the face. And he could feel a mounting tension in the air. They were waiting. And Castiel felt himself panic. On instinct, his eyes drifted up to the Chandelier. It seemed unbearably cruel that he should so shame himself here. Not only in front of the entire Palace, but in the one place in all of creation he was
He was frightened. Maeghara’s voice had turned dark, and her breath cut harshly across his cheek. She was angry. But what had he done? He nodded gasping.
“That depends on whose Godspeaker you ask. Bajadek’s Godspeakers no doubt tell her she is in the right” said Derubeis under her breath. Maeghara gave Derubeis a dark look.
“Cassie you need to stop this. I’ve indulged your little….project….because I know how difficult the entire business with Tran was for you. But there are limits to how much I can protect you. Just last week one of my guards swore they saw you sneaking into the Barracks office after hours.”
“One would think you’d have eaten your fill on that tray last night.” Castiel muttered. Tran rewarded him with another smile.
“Hmmm. It’s all very dreary if you ask me. He joined the Order of the Brothers of the Scorpion or the Scorpion Brothers or something along those lines…” Gabriel began.
I imagine?" Castiel asked cocking his head to the fresh corpse on the stake. Gord-Ahn chuckled richly.
A bright red Angel held a flaming sword in her right fist, and a coiling snake in her left; with her beautiful feathered wings spread wide and her hair unbound to flow free. The Angel was kneeling beneath three burning stars in a pyramid of shining golden light. The discs represented the God of course, and the pyramid represented the God’s Light shining down on them and illuminating all things. It had been hammered directly into the stone of the wall, and meticulously painted in exquisite detail. As was custom upon waking, Castiel paused in front of it. Placing his right fist in the palm of his upturned left hand below his heart, he bowed his head.
“Says the one reading someone else’s diaries and spewing filth that would make a Pleasurehouse Barkeep blush.” Gabriel said snapping his fan shut. “Funny you should ask about my writing.”
Stepping out of the bath, he let himself be wrapped in towels. “Is there some particular reason you’re here?”
The Queens lips were pulled tight in disapproval. The Delegates from the South, were late. Whether by accident, or through some clever artifice to build anticipation Castiel didn’t know. But his mother was not known as a patient woman, and he didn’t think it would be wise for them to delay much longer.
Dean felt his face warm; the praise made him uncomfortable. "Yeah, wish people would get out more instead of just liking things online though," he groused.
"Well, realistically, you shouldn't text me outside the hours of nine to five, New York time, but I can only blame myself for replying to you outside the office. Doing these feedback cycles via text is going to make it difficult for me to review our editing history later on."
Gabriel glanced at the pile of drafts on the only other chair in the room, his expression flickering in annoyance as he settled in to stand in front of Castiel's desk.
He corrected Gabriel this time; he didn't want that nickname accidentally slipping out in a professional setting. Gabriel just waved a hand toward his desk and exited, leaving the door open behind him.
For a moment, the silence stretched, but there wasn't any further argument to be made that made any sense. Dean knew he was just being difficult. "All right."
"Are you going to sell it?" he asked Rowena.  "And you," he turned to Charlie, "are you going to try to push this on Gen Z?"
Dean sighed and shook his head. Whatever got Sam out in some fresh air. "All right. I'm going to get cleaned up and head to bed. Don't wait up."
Pulling himself back from his reflections, he explained the work to Sam. "The publisher wants this next book to be different… less action, more character study. So the editor asked me to gather up all the backstory stuff for the characters, figure out what they want to add back in."
It went on that way until the following Thursday, when Dean's phone unexpectedly blared in response to one of his texts. He winced and picked it up, wondering if he'd pushed the limits of his editor's patience.
"Ehhh…" Charlie wiggled her hand. "When we take something on for that, it's usually the main character."
had made it onto his radar when it was published. What could have been a cookiecutter story about survival in the days of colonizing America was made interesting by the inclusion of a pair of clearly lesbian women settlers. There had also been the main character's incredibly close relationship with another male character. Word from the editing floor was that the relationship had been less vague before Singer's initial rounds of feedback. While it certainly was nowhere near the level of representation Castiel wanted to see in modern fiction, the very fact that it had been published in a traditional genre was heartening.
"Well…" Rowena inclined her head. "He's already writing gay characters in a hostile market. That takes some amount of commitment to inclusion."
The grin Gabriel gave him had a vengeful edge to it, and Castiel remembered abruptly how scary his cousin could be when something got under his skin. One of these days, he half expected Gabriel to have some sort of massive showdown with Michael in the middle of a weekly meeting.
"Seriously?" Gabriel's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "That doesn't seem possible. Singer wasn't Good Ol' Boys or anything, but he was definitely a strong conservative. Old guard."
came up. Gabriel could walk into a room and turn a meeting around. In a fitted suit and on a mission, he was all but unstoppable, all warmth and charm and confidence. Castiel was never surprised when Gabriel managed to win a new manuscript.
Also, taking suggestions for more book-related Charlie t-shirts, so toss me descriptions/links in the comments if you have a favorite. <3
Dean looked back around and found Sam shaking his head. "You don't have to do all this. I can do my own grocery shopping." Sam looked up, an affectionate, if exasperated, smile on his face.
"Okay, I'm getting my caffeine and getting back to work." Charlie waved the tumbler at him. "You in for Tuesday Trivia?"
Sam's lips jerked into a quick smile. "You know, you don't have to make me dinner every night, Dean."
"Glad it's going all right. You hungry? Didn't get dinner started yet, but I got some stuff to make goulash out." Dean motioned to the kitchen and started moving in that direction.
"This is so far outside what I want to do as an acquiring editor here… And have you looked at this guy's bio? He made his name hunting big game. He writes blog articles about backpacking and stalking bears. He lives in the middle of goddamn Kansas, among the corn. No, wait, that's Iowa. What the hell is Kansas? Wheat?"
Dean had finally come out to Sam and Mom as bisexual after his first book was published. Sam had been somewhat surprised but really supportive. Their mother mostly avoided mentioning it since. Dean felt the tension as she paused to find the right words.
"That's great!" It was the overly bright tone she used when she was trying to be supportive. "I know you were worried about what would happen when Bobby retired. Do you like your new editor?"
Dean couldn't stop the angry frown that fell across his face, but a large bite of meatloaf helped him hold his tongue. He hated that she was right.
"Yes. Rumor has it that one of the editors turned down his submission already, but I remembered his last book… I thought it had unmet potential."
Dean checked Sam's face again, but everything there told him that his brother was being earnest. He ducked his head and kept stirring. "Yeah, well, first I gotta dig up two years worth of scraps and try to put them into some order the editor can actually understand. Guess it's a good thing I kept all that junk…"
Castiel didn't like to speak ill of other employees, but Zach Adler didn't exactly endear himself to anyone. The man was inconsiderate and only interested in what would sell big. Technically, his job, of course, but most editors at least had special interests or pet projects. Adler always struck Castiel as a bit mercenary.
What made Castiel almost cheer was seeing several LGBTQ+ characters front and center. Not the main—Dean Winchester, if he had ever had that idea, had probably edited it right out of his head—but people directly around him and integral to the storyline. The modern setting of this book made the cast that much more diverse.
Thank you to everyone who has hopped on this fic early!  Just a note, I have not been involved in publishing, so any mistakes are my own here...
"Today was incredible," she said, beaming beneath her wide-brimmed hat. "Never had a better trip out here, even with one guy who was an ornithologist. Thanks for getting us off the beaten path."
Castiel cocked his head. "Did either of you… get the feeling Winchester had heavily edited himself. Maybe… toned down the story purposely?"
He rose and cleaned up the table, then stepped aside without a word when Sam moved to wash the dishes. After working on his laptop for a few hours, he headed to bed, before his brother for once. It would be a very early morning drive in the dark to Cheyenne Bottoms.
"Need I remind you that I re-read the entire Tolkien oeuvre last year on your whim…" Castiel crossed his arms and gave her an unsympathetic stare.
"Um, sorta more drama and suspense… with a lot more character study and relationships." Dean hedged around it on instinct before realizing what he was doing and clenching his teeth, solidifying his resolve. "They want to market it in LGBT—gay representation—as well as the previous survivalist-wilderness thriller genre."
The irked sigh was clearly audible this time; Dean could only imagine the editor's face as angry eyebrows and a wrinkled scowl. He found himself grinning at the caricature.
He could barely manage a full sentence the rest of the meal, speaking in clipped phrases when prompted, sipping water after he'd exhausted the supply of food. He slipped from the kitchen in relief as Sam helped their mother clean up and wandered down the hall to the living room. He stood in the center of the room, distanced from the murmuring voices and clinking of plates, taking deep breaths in through his nose. Eventually, he drifted over to the wall of framed photographs, running over the familiar snapshots of their lives—Mom and Dad's engagement picture, their baby photos, Dean with his first big buck, graduation ceremonies. His eyes landed on a shot of him and Sam with their father. Dean had been ten, Sam six. It was the last photo of the three of them together. John had died of a heart attack a few months later. In the photo, John was smiling broadly, and so was Dean. Sam's smile looked a bit like the
must be seven, the old Warlord was slaughtered and her name was struck from history. This city of Et-Haravelle was her home then. Of course itt was not called Et-Haravelle then, but still, it would have been accursed to build a new land on such tainted earth. And thus it was the Et-Novakar – the shining jewel of the new World – was built in a place so far from the sins of mortals and so close to the God, that its voice rings in every street.”
“I feel for him. Truly I do. For all of them. But I have to ask Tran…..why are you telling me this? Why have you brought me here?” he asked. “To horrify me with his plight?”
He had carried Castiel’s limp, half dead body across the moor until he found the house Castiel had told him about. The man El-Don had looked at him with a mix of awe and shock when he’d crested the hill carrying him. They must have looked frightening, both bloody and crusted with mud. But Dee-Ann had barely had time to mutter more than a few words of explanation before the man had ordered him to carry Castiel into the house and leave him to try and save his life.
“I’ll get them myself. And anything else we need. I don’t trust any of the others.” Tran said. Castiel was familiar with the feeling.
“He’s alive. You can see him now.” El-Don said already turning. As Dee-Ann followed him into the house, he noted the fire in the hearth he had no seen before. El-Don pointed him to a chair beside the bed, where Castiel had been laid out. He looked very small laying there, his skin as thin as paper and pale as sadsa. A thick bandage had been wrapped around the wound to his neck, and beneath the colorful bedclothes, Dee-Ann could see nothing of the rest of his body. Something slimy with scales seemed to be crawling around inside Dee-Ann’s chest as he looked down on Castiel, and a sour taste filled his mouth as if he was going to bring up his food.
The taller trader, wore thick gold earrings, and more amulets were woven in her night black god braids. Tattooed on her right cheek in brightest scarlet, was a stinging scorpion. The child bit his tongue. She had money enough to buy a protection like
.” Gabriel said. “Poison of the deadliest variety. Very difficult to make I’m told. However, by all accounts it is completely painless and it acts….almost instantly. It is supposed to possess a sweet flavor. Drop one into a glass of wine and….it becomes completely undetectable.”
kill him.” He continued threateningly, wrenching Dee-Ann’s head back and opening his maw threateningly.
The difference was in their godbraids. Slaves of longstanding bore one braid of deep red. A sign from the God that they were property. The new slaves would get their red braids in time. Guarding the chained Slaves, five tall women with swords and spears. Their godbraids bore amulets. Even their slavebraids were charmed. They must be special slaves, those guards. In the caravan there were pack camels too. Common brown roped together, laden with baskets cris-crossed with travel charms. A sixth, unchained slave led them. Little more than a girl, her red godbraid bore amulets as well. At her signal, groaning, the camels folded their calloused knees to squat on the hard ground. The slaves squatted too, silent and sweating.
“Know this Kufu Godspeaker…..” Castiel said paying them no mind. “It is not in my power to see you banished from this Palace. But you have on this day committed treason against the Blood. You willfully endangered my life and revealed secrets about my person to that Spider!”
. Two days my Mima and I labored and I still looked like Amenadiel’s fat, short brother destined to be a
Dee-Ann fairly raced through the doors to meet Maeghara! Ashar had told him he would see her once they had finished their business.
“I don’t see what other choices are available to me Gabriel. You may have noticed that my personal guard has been doubled.” Castiel said.
At last they reached the Gatekeeper. A monstrous, tall woman; like a tree made flesh. Her body was clothed in red and black striped horse hide. On her head she wore a horse skull with horns, around her neck a scarlet scorpion. Her belt was green snakeskin threaded with snake skulls. Each winking eye a crimson gem. She wore no godbraids. Her head was bald. Her skin was hidden beneath writhing tattoos. Dee-Ann was pleased to see not one was as fine as Maeghara’s scarlet scorpion.
"He has grown tall Rubi." she said appreciatively. Her cool fingers felt his arms, his shoulders, traced along his chest and patted his firm, flat belly. "And very beautiful." Maeghara added with a tug on his godbraids, smiling at Dee-Ann. His body lit up at her touch, and his skin sang. His nipples peaked where he stood, and in his pantaloons, his cock hung hot and heavy. The stupid tutor had explained many things about his body's flowering and the many changes his body had undergone. Pointless man. His explanations overcomplicated everything. Even simple things that needed no more explaining than air. Or the sweetness of honey. Dee-Ann had felt his body changing and known from the start. He was ripe for fucking. His cock grew hard now. His seed was ready. And soon, Maeghara would take him to husband as the Woman in the Village had taken the Man. He would seed her with daughters and they would caravan together.
