"I told you to stay still." The man said. Sherlock tried to look up at him, but his vision was blurry.
"Oh. He asked me to come to his house tomorrow and pose for him in his atelier. I declined, obviously."
But the curiosity won. If he was careful, John would never know that he had found this box with treasures.
Ava rushed out of sight, and Sherlock took the opportunity to place his purchased gift for her into the hatch. He felt a bit silly of doing so. It was nothing he had done before. But when she came back, he could see why he did it. This woman was interesting, smart, had a quick mind and he felt some sort of connection.
Sherlock's heart restarted itself when he realized John was talking about his sketchbook and not the thoughts in Sherlock head, while John got up and went to his bedroom to get some of his work.
"I'd like to keep an eye on you in case your planning in setting things on fire or blowing stuff up again."
He tried to move his arms, but they were tied together above his head. His ankles were also bound, and he was naked.
John was standing in front of the window again, looking out, avoiding Sherlock's gaze. He was quiet.
"Thanks, David. You rescued me here." David seemed fixed on John's torso, and John could see the man was impressed. John did keep his body fit, something he always had done. While John pulled the sweater over his head he could hear David gasp a little. Damn, this was embarrassing. While he pulled the sweater down around his chest, his head down as to see what he was doing, he glanced up trough his eyelashes. He could see the beginning of an erection in the other man's trousers. Bloody hell. He was only acting gay for two and a half weeks and only in a small group, and already there was a man with an obvious interest in him. Was this something woman had to endure all the time? That would be exhausting.
Feeling very uncomfortable, John told him he was going to go inside, to grab himself a cup of coffee now he still could, before the class was starting.
He asked, his voice soft. Ava put another cookie in her mouth and poured it down with a big gulp of wine.
Sherlock put the sketchbooks back inside the box, exactly the same as he had found it, and he put the box back in his spot underneath the bed. While crawling back from underneath the bed he grabbed the lost sock and took it down with him with the others, to throw them away in the bin in the kitchen. He retreated himself back on the sofa, trying to figure out how he could get John back to drawing, without letting him know what Sherlock had found.
But after they had talked and were solving their first crime together, he had felt the same attraction to the man's mind. That first night, standing in the hallway of 221b, out of breath from running for the police, giggling together, he had looked at the man next to him and knew he was madly falling in love with this marvelous creature.
Sherlock closed his swollen eyes again. The luminous angel with John's face checked him. He could almost feel the eyes going over his body, starting at his feet. Was he trying to figure out if this body was good enough to enter the gates of heaven or something? Or was angel John a doctor, like human John? He heard him take in a sharp breath. What did he find? The dislocated knee? The ruptured testicle? He felt the angel gaze go upward to his chest. Lifting the jacket again.
You broke my heart with that fall. I was lost again and after a few weeks without you, the gun came back. I put it against my head again. But there were to many people caring now. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly. They all lost you already, so who was I to make them go through another loss again? But I faded. I faded away without you. And it wasn't just me. We all did. Mrs Hudson became quieter, Molly pulled herself back even more, and Greg pounced himself on his work. You're important. To all of us. We need you, Sherlock. You can't just die on us. You can't just die on me. And if you're stubborn and do it anyway, then I'm coming with you. I'm not doing this without you again. I can't. I won't. So don't die on me. Do you hear me, Sherlock? Don't you dare and die on me."
John tried to calm himself down, to brace himself. This wasn't the time for some mental breakdown. He tried to focus himself on checking Sherlock's vitals without touching him, setting himself to work. Sherlock's breathing was too shallow, probably bruised or broken ribs.
They worked all day together again. Whenever they took a break, they talked and laughed, smoked and ate. John came in around dinner time, and he had brought some take away Chinese with him. Ava was almost jumping from excitement. And when she pulled open the bottle of wine, Sherlock did the same with the bottle he had brought for himself and John.
John felt as if a weight was lifted from his chest. He didn't even know that it was there. And he smiled back at the woman.
"No. I had to kill of one of the monkeys. They were starting to eat each other. Making a disgusting mess and a lot of noise. So. One monkey and three humans left. God. I could use a cigarette right now."
"Do you have any idea what my first thought was when I met you? I thought that you were amazing, gorgeous, fucking hot and exceptional. I thought that you were the most amazing human being that must exist on this world. And I still believe that. All of that. Damn Sherlock, you had me head over heels within twenty four hours."
"Hey, Gerald." David greeted him. Sherlock nodded towards him and went to stand next to him, the dark blonde woman (Cindy? Christy? Chloe?) at his other side.
Sherlock's mouth got dry, and his hands shook. His whole body was trembling in fact. He sat himself down in the desk chair, trying too breath. The rest of the conversation didn't reach his mind. John didn't deny it. He didn't say it out loud, but he didn't deny it.
“Yes, but I'm special. And besides, why take the risk? One in here is enough, we can talk through the intercom, seemed to work for the last five minutes.” She turned around and pulled a chair towards the window.
"So. It's just you and me, then. Come, pass me some Ginger nuts, Pretty, so we can enjoy them together."
The next one was another soldier. The man looked like he was deep in thoughts. This man was older. He had the sharp lines in his face of a man who had seen a lot of misery in his life. His eyes were dreamy, as if the man was thinking about going home, going somewhere safe, a place where he could leave all of the horror of the war behind him.
"I do." John said, a small smile returning on his face. Sherlock smiled back at him. He raised his glass to his lips and took another sip, emptying his glass, copying the sight in front of him. He reached for the bottle and poured them both another one.
But now his so carefully crafted shield was broken. He couldn't hide himself behind it anymore. It had started to crack from the moment he met him. But somehow he had always managed to keep it complete. Maybe it had been foolish of him to think that he could come back and carry on as before his absence, to go back to the sociopath he had been, shutting everything out again, to not let the emotions wash over him and drown him. To take distance from everything and everyone except John.
Instead of repressing the feeling as he usually did, he let it flow over him. He felt his cheeks redding and his heart beat hard against his ribs. The realization hit him. After four years since meeting this remarkable man, his feelings hadn't changed a bit, but only had gone stronger. He was still deeply in love with this wonderful, beautiful man.
But she kept fighting, her mouth opening and closing as if she tried to bite at the woman in front of her, but after two minutes, the movements became weaker.
"I think he doesn't want us to see his work yet. Let's keep it between us that we did, alright?" She asked him, a little insecure smile playing her lips. Sherlock just nodded to her, not trusting his voice enough to agree and went for the door, leaving Esmeralda behind.
And when John and Sherlock were back in the hostel, they went to the bar to talk and drink together, until John decided they had enough, and managed to get Sherlock with him upstairs, towards their shared bedroom.
John took of his jacket and hang it at the end of the coat rack. The rest of the class was softly talking with each other. Some of them looked up to John and smiled at him or greeting him when he past them towards his desk, others ignored him or were too occupied with their conversations to notice him. John sat down behind the desk and he looked at the white paper and the pencils in front of him. He felt a spike of happiness and at the same time a spike of loss when he looked at them. It had been almost five years since he last took up a pencil. But somehow he was eager to begin. It was like an old love fluttering back to life. And in a way it was. He took up the B4 pencil and balanced it in his hand. He rolled the pencil between his fingers, and felt a small smile coming up to his lips. Yes. Maybe it was time to give it a go again. He felt a small twitch in his stomach and he wiped the stupid grin of his face before anyone else would notice that he was smiling like an idiot.
So another chapter for you guys, I'm hoping to update daily until the story is finished. Hope you guys enjoy!
His eye’s strayed to the case file on the table. Sherlock’s case. Greg had dropped it off for him, but he hadn’t even had the heart to open it in the week that it’s been there. He hesitated before reaching over and pulling it towards him, putting his now cold tea on the table in its place. He took a deep breath before flipping the cover of the file open.
John was kissing him. John still loved him. Oh god how he had missed this, missed having John in his arms, missed kissing him. He ran his hands along John's sides, taking in the differences in his husband's body. The slight weight gain, the shivers of arousal going through him as he gripped his hips. He watched John pull away, looking at him with fully dilated eyes the amount of lust, want and need unmeasurable. He was sure that if he looked in a mirror, he would see the same reflected back in his eyes. It had been too long since they had last been together.
‘I love you. I am in love with you Sherlock,’ he whispered. He watched as Sherlock's eyes widened, and then his whole face softened before tears once again fell down his face. John gently ran his thumb across their joined hands. ‘It's always been you Sherlock, for so long. I'm sorry I never told you before, I just, I was afraid. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship if my advances were unwanted.’ Sherlock shook his head.
'Of course, I'll ring him whilst your texting Mary.' He went to leave the room, and stopped just shy of opening the door. 'Oh and John, I do hope to hear a happy announcement by the end of the week, even if it is late by nearly 4 years,' he finished before slipping out the door and closing it behind him, leaving a grinning John behind him, staring fondly at his mad detective. As soon as Sherlock was awake he would tell him, but until then he had a certain wife to deal with.
"I won't lie and say he won't have questions, that he won't be furious. But he knows you, knows you better than anyone else, myself included. He knows you wouldn't have done it without a good reason. He'll hear you out, and he will forgive you. It just might take some time." Sherlock nodded.
John looked up at hearing a knock on the door. He got up cautiously, standing in front of the comatose Sherlock, a barrier between the door and the detective.
Sherlock nodded, he had read John's last post on their blog. He hadn't known how close he had been to never meeting John, it wasn't something he was comfortable talking about, but that he had put it out for the whole world to see, that he thought Sherlock had saved his life that he still believed in him had meant everything to Sherlock. It had kept him going these two long years.
'Christ, uncle Sherlock! He'll love that,' he snickered. 'Come on I want to check on him again, Greg popped in to see him so I came to find you. Hopefully Mycroft will be gone when we get there, he's been playing big brother since we got here. Sherlock's got his own private room and everything. Not that he'll appreciate that, you know that as soon as he wakes up he'll be whining about getting out of here. The man hates hospitals.' Mary grinned and patted his arm softly.
Pictures of the rooftop were the first things he was confronted with. A picture of Sherlock’s discarded phone, a bullet casing and … a blood pool? John frowned. Why would there be a blood pool on top of the building, and where was the body the blood belonged to, because from the crime scene photograph, he could see that the person whose blood it was could not possibly be alive. There was brain matter present, so that indicated a headshot.
'Yeah well normal's boring. What's life without a good crime scene and criminals to catch,' John joked, causing Greg to laugh.
{"You broke in here for a reason. Just tell us why and you can sleep. Remember sleep." The captured man murmured something making the interrogator lean closer to hear his mumbled words. The interrogators companion leaned forward in his chair.
The ambulance building made sure that he hadn’t seen Sherlock hit the ground. But he’d heard it, he’d definitely heard a body hit the ground. He’d ran to the corner, seeing Sherlock on the ground, and then he’d been hit by that biker, and he’d hit his head on the ground. The biker hadn’t stopped to apologise, the biker hadn’t … the biker. He knew him, or at least recognised the face. He was one of Sherlock’s homeless network, but why was he there? Why did he knock John down, was it an accident or done on purpose? He’d stopped him from getting to Sherlock too quickly.
John's old room had been entirely redecorated, painted a pale blue with bees painted in great detail around the walls. The double cot sat against the far wall, and a wooden trunk full of children's toys was next to it. John was also sure that Mycroft had surveillance in the room too, but he couldn't help but be grateful for it, at least their uncle Mycroft could keep an eye on them. John had thanked Mycroft for his input into the renovation, and Sherlock had been entirely pleasant towards him since, which meant that he didn't mention the failed diets anymore.
He turned to face Sherlock. The both of them were idiots. They were both in love with each other but neither of them could admit it to the other. It was a damn mess. Sherlock had spent two years pretending to be dead to protect John, and John had married an assassin to keep Sherlock safe. Honestly he thought that Sherlock had it easier than John, at least he didn't think the man he loved was dead, with no chance of reconciliation.
'He wasn't fine Sherlock, he was broken. You broke him. How did you think Mary got her claws in him huh. He was literally at rock bottom when she turned up. He had to move out of Baker street because he kept thinking you'd just walk through the door like nothing had happened. You were his best friend, the person who fixed his limp, gave him back his life. Made him fall in love. And then you were gone, and he, he was so lost. He started drinking, he was smoking, and when we finally cleared the flat of those, he ... ' Greg stopped. Maybe he shouldn't, this was John's choice. He'd literally begged Greg no to tell him. Sherlocks voice interrupted him.
'Shocked isn't the word, more like furious at being tricked for so long. That she thought that she could get away with all this, that she could stare down a sniper scope and then use the death of the man I loved, who I thought had died because of her boss. To use that as an in. It disgusted me that I was duped for so long.'
"I missed you so much Sherlock," John panted out, his heart fit to burst with the amount of love he felt for his husband above him.
"Our intelligence suggested that he had indeed left, I had only just received Intel that he was in the country when I was informed that he was no longer a problem. But you were misinformed Sherlock, it was not my agent." Sherlock's eyes snapped straight to him, sitting up slightly.
"That's Dr Watson-Holmes to you," John grinned before pushing his husband onto the bed and kissing him, hands making quick work at removing the dressing gowns they were both wearing.
"Yeah well only you and Molly know about them. I mean you've both been there for me since the beginning of this ride, you were both there when I needed a shoulder to cry on, and cases when I was bored out of my mind. I think the most important time was at the moment when I really needed Sherlock, and he couldn't be here, you both were to help bring my children into the world. Without your help I'm not sure I would have coped."
He’d had a patient come to the clinic one of the days he had been working (there had been a lull in cases), the guy had come in for a check-up as he was worried he might be pregnant because he was a male carrier. As the guy had talked John had noticed himself unconsciously comparing symptoms. He’d noticed that he had been edgier recently, quick to temper. He’d blamed it on stress from the amount of high profile cases they had been working, and the increase in eating and feeling tired more quickly. Once the patient had left he had sat at his desk staring across the room at the wall, trying to put a stop to the thoughts flying around his head. It was ridiculous, he wasn’t pregnant. Of course the voice in his head (conveniently it sounded like Sherlock), made him look at all the facts and he found himself staying after his shift to do the test. There was no harm in doing the test just to get the thought out of his mind. The result however was not what he had expected, neither was the next or the next. Five tests later he was panicking because he was undoubtedly pregnant, and he was worrying about what Sherlock’s reaction would be. They hadn’t even discussed children as they had both known that neither of them had the carrier gene, there had been no need for the use of a condom. Sherlock hadn’t noticed, which surprised John, Sherlock noticed everything, but he hadn’t noticed this, was it because he didn’t think it was possible or something else? If Sherlock had known he knew his husband would have already blurted it out, Sherlock never could keep his observations to himself.
The call ended, and John breathed out a sigh of relief. The call had gone better than he'd expected. He'd never heard Mycroft so emotional, or as flustered as he had been. It was an entirely enjoyable sensation knowing that he had been the root cause of it.
'No, he just married an assassin who wants to kill me.' He replied moodily. Greg clenched his fists. Blimey, he may be a genius but he was being an absolute idiot right at this moment, and he wasn't going to take it anymore. He hadn't said anything about it before, but Sherlock deserved to know. He needed to know what John had gone through, because he clearly didn't know. Hadn't realised what his 'death' had truly done to John Watson.
He sighed, hoping that Mycroft didn't give Greg too much of a hard time, he'd been a good and loyal friend over the last two years. He had supplied him with cases on bad days, and they kept him from being too bored. He was ok when he was running around after the kids, but the quiet was, quiet. It was boring. It was frustrating. He understood what Sherlock had meant when he said he was bored now, it was maddening.
John tightened the straps on the second car seat, making sure they were tight enough to stop his son from trying to escape.
'Christ, is that what you think? That he didn't trust you? No! This was all about protecting you. I think that's something your familiar with yourself, at least he didn't make you think he was dead.'
‘After almost poisoning myself on alcohol, I worked hard to clear your name, it helped to keep all the bad thoughts away. Once it was done though, they all came flooding back, ten times worse. I just, I couldn't keep a lid on it anymore, it was too much, so yeah, I tried to take the cowards way out, only I couldn't even manage to do that properly. None of this,’ he indicated towards the hospital laid Sherlock ‘would have happened if I had actually died that day.’ A shocked silence reigned in the hospital room.
As they each came down from their high they wrapped arms around each other, revelling in the closeness of the moment, soft kisses being exchanged.
"Yeah, I think it took both of us by surprise, but I have never regretted it. Sherlock is the best thing to ever happen to me."
John closed his eyes, taking in a deep breath. Two years and the time had finally come for explanations, time to reveal his secrets. Honestly, it would be a massive weight off his shoulders.
When I started this I honestly had no idea where it would take me. This chapter was really hard for me to write, I struggled almost the entire time, rewriting parts, changing how the confrontation would go so many times. Anyway I finally finished it so I hope you enjoy.
"I wanted to tell you, you know. I was kind of hoping you'd deduce it to be honest. You always seem everything, but the thing I wanted you to see most of all, you missed entirely. I assumed that it was because you were so busy dealing with Moriarty, but I really wanted to tell you, I just never got the chance. Finding out you were still alive, it was everything I wanted, and a really big part of me wanted to go after you, the soldier part of me wanted more than anything wanted to be a part of the plan. I couldn't though, I couldn't risk them, and they needed me more than you did. Putting myself at risk would endanger them, it was something that I couldn't, wouldn't do."
"Worried, I think he's a bit nervous about how you're going to react. I also wanted to tell you that without your prompt call with the information, his condition would have been much worse than it was."
Blood drained from Greg's face. Damn Sherlock and his inquisitiveness. This was John's story to tell, not his.
"I should have told you, I wanted you by my side the entire time I was away. I would turn around to tell you something, and you weren't there. I wanted you to stay safe, but I wanted, more than anything to have you by my side. Thinking back on it, with your service history you would have been an asset to have with me."
He took a deep breath, before letting it out again. He'd think of something, but right now he needed to get back to Sherlock
They had eventually moved back into Baker Street, and Mycroft had certainly outdone himself in the redecoration of the flat. The kitchen had been designated a clean area, Sherlock's lab permanently moved to the flat downstairs, along with the fridge and microwave. Sherlock's idea had been to get rid of the lab entirely, as he was wary of causing damage to their children, but John just kissed him and told him to never change. John knew that he would need his lab for when he got bored, as he inevitably would and informed him that he and Mycroft had discussed it and that there would be a surprise for Sherlock when they arrived. One look into the new lab and Sherlock was undeniably lost without words. His John understood him, where nobody else did. He had thanked John quite enthusiastically for that.
John was brought out of his thoughts of the last six months by the ringing of Sherlock's phone. He hoped to God that it was Greg with a case. Both he, and Sherlock had been itching for a case for days. He loved being a mother, loved caring for his children, but he also loved the thrill of the chase, of helping Sherlock with his deductions, the high that they could only get after solving a case. He watched as Sherlock hung up and a gleeful look covered his face.
"Moran never leaves a job unfinished, and he's got brilliant aim. With Moriarty dead he would have felt compelled to kill me. I had no inclination to go after him, not until I found out that he had been following me. I couldn't … I couldn't let him know where I lived, there was too much to lose. I … I couldn't lose them." John could hear his voice breaking. Even now it scared him how close Moran had gotten. "If he'd found out … if he'd known, he would have used them against me, you, Sherlock. I did what I had to, I protected my family. I killed a murderer and I will never regret his death Mycroft," he finished softly. There was silence from the other end of the phone as Mycroft took in all the information that John had told him.
"Oh God, Sherlock! Fuck me Sherlock, I need your cock in me," John yelled as Sherlock's fingers pressed against his prostate.
"I will look into this for you John, you have my word. I would not make you contact your parents if that is what you wish. Sherlock had indeed informed me that they were unhappy with your choice in partner, but I didn't realise that the negativity between you was this bad."
"Now be good for Auntie Molly, both of you. Mummy loves you so much." He leaned into the car so he was able to press kisses to both the heads of his children. "And when you get back, daddy will be home." At these words, the twins started babbling 'Dada' causing John to smile. "That's right boys, daddy's coming home." He felt tears welling up in his eyes as those words. The last two years had been difficult, and without his little angels it could have, and probably would have gone a very different way. John shook his head, ridding himself of the dark thoughts that threatened to cloud his mind. He took once last look at his children before closing the door of the car. He turned around to see the pathologist standing by the car, waiting for him to finish. "Thanks for doing this Molly," he said giving her a small smile.
'She was ordered to seduce you at your weakest, after the loss of my brother you were, rather a high risk. I know of the danger nights John, and the times where it was already to late to stop you. You were hitting rock bottom and she knew it. She sidled in and you didn't even realise what she was doing. She made you truly dependant on her and you thought yourself to be in love, right up until my brother's reappearance. I knew then that with Sherlock back, even if your were rather angry at him at the time, that you would gain your confidence again, that you would remember your love for my brother and break it off, knowing truly that you didn't love her.'
John leant back in his armchair, his emotions all over the place. He was happy, and angry and extremely worried. Sherlock could be gone for months, possibly years. He might not even survive.
Harry had also become a welcome part of their lives. She and Clara had been back together since Sherlock had left, and was still sober after all this time. She had been a bit put out that John hadn't told her about her nephews, but had forgiven him immediately after hearing the full story. She had pulled her brother into a crushing hug, he was her younger brother and she felt like she had failed to protect him. The brief mention of their parents had both siblings pausing for a moment, the sting of being unwanted causing them both pain. Their respective partners had recognised this in them and had helped steer the conversation onto better subjects.
He drained the last of his coffee and crushed the cup in his hand. Damn Mary and her meddling. Quite possibly it would have been Sherlock and John's wedding they had gone to if she hadn't been around, and to think that she worked for Moriarty and even then, when she was getting married to John she cheated on him. It was one blow after another, at least John didn't actually love her, otherwise this would have been a whole lot worse.
"He was getting too close, I couldn't have him anywhere near my children. I would protect them with my life Greg, they've been one of the only thing keeping me going these past two years."
'I'm not that man though Greg, I want so desperately to be that man that you and Sherlock see, but I'm not, how can I be when this is all my fault. I must have let my guard down, said something wrong. Oh God it's all wrong! I should never have got with her,I should never have let her get to me. I was so weak, I'm still bloody weak. She took advantage of that weakness and look where that's got us. He almost died Greg, I almost lost him again. I can't lose him again Greg, you know what happened the last time. I can't go through that again.' He was crying again. It seemed that was all he was good for at the moment. He keep the man he loved safe from the woman he married.
The wedding had been small, as in only Mycroft and Mrs Hudson. With the threat of Moriarty still at large they hadn't wanted their relationship to be widely known. Plenty of people had assumed they were together, something which John wished with all his heart that he could confirm. At the start it had been because they wanted to keep their relationship private, afterwards it was because they were protecting each other.
So Sherlock and Moriarty were on the rooftop. He then threatens Sherlock, jump or your friends will Sherlock would have predicted that, he would have been able to have countermeasures in place. His eyes strayed to the bloody pool again. Oh. Oh!
"Probably, but then I did marry Sherlock. Talking about marriage, you and Mycroft. You finally going to ask him then?"
John hardened his face, but inside his thoughts were screaming at him. Was she right? Was he to blame for everything that Sherlock had gone through, the torture in Serbia. He thought back to his sister and his parents, they always had blamed him for everything that went wrong, his dad losing his job, Harry being kicked out. He never could get anything right, maybe it was true, maybe everything around him did go wrong, he'd never stood up for his sister when she'd told their parents she was gay, never told anyone about the abuse his father dealt them, never was serious with any of his past relationships because he was afraid he'd end up like his dad, afraid to accept who he was. She was right, the damage was already done, he'd pulled away from Sherlock to keep his cover as a happily married husband. They hadn't been in contact in months, he didn't even know what Sherlock had been doing since the wedding, well he knew who he'd been doing if the sounds from the bathroom were anything to go by. He certainly seemed very relaxed around her. That if anything should prove to him that Sherlock just wasn't gay, after all he'd been in love with The Woman too. The only man he could ever love, was the one man he couldn't have. He knew he'd romanticized Sherlock after the fall, seeing looks that weren't really their, touches which weren't anything but friendly, and now it was obvious that friendship, if even that, was all that they'd ever have. And he would be fine with that, he'd have to be fine with it. He couldn't let Sherlock know, not now, not ever. All his ideas of a future with Sherlock were gone, all of his fantasies where they both revealed their love just looked horribly stupid and sentimental now.
"John, oh God John," Sherlock moaned, as both lengths rubbed together, pre-come spreading between them. It was too much and not enough all at once. Sherlock disconnected his lips from Johns and stared down at him with a questioning gaze. John seeing the hazy desire in his husbands eyes, turned to reach the bedside drawer to get the bottle of lube that he had stashed there. He turned back over, depositing the bottle into Sherlock's hand. He raised his head to gently kiss Sherlock on the lips before settling himself back on the bed. Sherlock grinned before squeezing some of the lube onto his fingers. He gently reached down to John's hole, circling the perineum causing John to moan, before slipping in a finger inside. Oh God, he was tight, it reminded Sherlock of their first time, making Sherlock's cock throb with need as he remembered. As he moved his single digit in and out, he slowly kissed down John's body, watching as he shivered with each touch of his lips against skin. He finally reached his goal, licking his lips at the sight of John's erect penis, already dripping with pre-come. He flicked his tongue out, tasting John. He looked up to see John's eyes on him, desire clearly shown on his face. He gave a lick up the underside of Johns cock, causing John to moan in pleasure. Then he fully impaled himself on Johns cock at the same time as slipping another finger into John's hole causing John to arch up off the bed, moaning Sherlock's name loudly. He used his fingers to stretch his husband as his mouth moved up and down on John's cock, ripples of pleasure coursing through John's body.
'There are more options than gay or straight Sherlock. John told me he's demisexual,and if you'd noticed after that case with The Woman , there were no more dates. He got fed up of trying to find someone else when he had you. Your relationship was all he ever needed, even if you didn't feel the same way. He never told you because you always scorn sentiment and emotions, he rather just live with his unrequited love than lose you. And then he did lose you.'
As the car slowed down, pulling into the drive Sherlock began to panic. What would he say? What if John didn't want to see him, had moved on? His phone buzzed indicating a new text.
‘When I went off the rails,’ John finished, steadfastly not looking at Sherlock, his hands shaking slightly. He clenched them at his sides.
"Don't be too hard on him Mycroft, I can't have both my children's godfathers not talking to each other."
"For wading in. In case you've forgotten, fieldwork is not my natural milieu." Sherlock slowly sat back up and glared at his brother angrily.
"So you figured that part out. Honestly it was a period in my life a long time ago. I don't regret any of it, but it's not my life anymore. James has been a great help keeping me informed on your whereabouts. The equipment from Q helps too." He paused. "You have no idea how much I wanted to run to your side, to just jump on a plane and turn up on your doorstep, give you hell for leaving me behind. Thing is I couldn't. Even if you had told me, asked me, begged me to come with you. I wouldn't have been able to," John said softly, running his hand though Sherlock's hair. He felt Sherlock still and look up at him.
'I can't Greg, I can't leave him. Not like this. Not when it's my fault he's even here. Christ, he was supposed to be safe, I was trying to keep him safe, and I still failed,' he sobbed, determinedly not looking at Greg, afraid to see the accusation in his eyes. Greg looked at him concerned, gripping him shoulder in comfort.
"Thanks for helping with the packing today Greg, I didn't realise how much stuff I had accumulated since moving in here."
"You would have gone, I understand John why you couldn't, and so will Sherlock. I'm afraid I must go now, Gregory will be here momentarily and I believe a chat is long overdue."
"I couldn't bare it to see you hurt, as Moriarty put it, you're my heart. If anything happened to you, I wouldn't have been able to carry on John. I realise that you were hurt anyway, my leaving hurt you worse than anything. You left Baker Street because you didn't feel safe, and you couldn't trust Mycroft. Then Moran came after you anyway, even when he thought I was dead. He broke script." John rolled over so he was facing Sherlock and their eyes met.
What he had said to Greg earlier was right though, he'd take whatever sort of relationship Sherlock wanted, and if that was just friends, well it wouldn’t be any different from normal then would it.
"I had no doubts John. It is the mental damage that I am worried about, he has been on his own for a long time, doing things that he was not accustomed to. He's not a soldier. He will be changed."
"I've had two years to adjust, to think about what I was going to do when I saw you again, so no, I'm not mad. I love you and missed you too much to be mad at you." He gave Sherlock a small kiss on the lips.
John quickly came back to the present as the kettle finished boiling. He quickly made the tea, wrinkling his nose at the fact that it was decaffeinated, caffeine was bad for the baby, and hobbling with the use of his cane he settled into his armchair. He placed the cane against the side of the table and took a sip of the hot brew to calm himself. He breathed out and looked around the room, his eyes immediately drawn to the leather chair opposite him. Sherlock’s chair.
"I think she'll just be glad that your back, mind you seeing Sherlock might make her scream. Thing is she loves you two like you were her own son's, I'm sure that if you showed her grandson's to her she'll calm down in no time. Babies always bring out the best in people, and she will dote on them." John nodded
"Well there wouldn't be, would there. My records were wiped." He could hear Mycroft splutter in surprise. It made him feel oddly proud.
"I thank God every day that I stumbled on that rock because if I hadn't, the bullet would have gone straight through my heart, I wouldn't be here. I never would have met you. So yes, I knew what Moran was like, but I also knew that this was my battle, this was something I had to do. Do you understand?" Sherlock nodded, pressing a kiss to John forehead. "When I figured out what you had done, and why you had done it, I understood Sherlock. I knew why, and yes to begin with I was so angry at you, and upset, and damn right furious. You lied to me, and made me watch and I blamed myself. It took me two weeks to be rational enough to put everything together, but in those two weeks I hated myself, I blamed myself so much. I would have given anything for you to come back, to walk through the door like nothing happened. Since I found out I've had a long time to come to terms with it, I know you probably expected to get punched," Sherlock chuckled.
"That's what confused me too. I went for the normal tests when I was younger but I was informed that I wasn't a carrier. I assumed someone had made a mistake with the test results."
"Of course, you know how much I love the little angels, they're a lot easier to deal with than you two, that's for certain. At least they don't shoot my walls!" John laughed and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
'No, you just happen to have combat gear and a gun with a silencer as part of your everyday wear. Pull the other one Mary, you didn't save him, you wanted him dead. The only reason you haven't tried it before is because you thought you'd won. But let me tell you something, you lost before you even realised it.'
"That was the plan. I know there's a lot of stuff I'm going to have to talk to Sherlock about. The lab in the kitchen being one of them. I was thinking of asking him if he wouldn't mind having it down in 221C, I still want him to be able to do his experiments, he wouldn't be Sherlock without them, but it wouldn't be a good idea upstairs where the kids will be."
"Impossible. I know, but since when do either myself or Sherlock stick to the boundaries of normal. Its' beyond our capabilities to even be normal." Mycroft chuckled.
Why would Sherlock say their names, if he knew anything about Sherlock, he never said anything without thoroughly thinking out his words. Those words, he named his friends, the people who cared about him and the people he cared …
"Have you asked your parents about the subject?" John's face clouded over at the mention of his parents.
"Case?" he questioned. Sherlock nodded and smirked at him, seeing the excitement in John's eyes. John quickly got out of the chair and called down to Mrs Hudson. She appeared shortly at the doorway, a light dancing in her eyes as she took in the excited air in the flat.
John quickly made his way through the hospital corridor, anxious to get back to Sherlock's side. The confrontation with Mary had gone far easier than he'd expected, but had brought out the many doubts that he'd been trying to ignore. This is what she did to him, made him feel worthless, made him doubt himself.
"Thanks Mrs H. You're the best." He said before quickly running upstairs to check on the boys. Both were having their afternoon naps so John quickly placed a soft kiss on both their heads before slipping quietly out of the room. He made it downstairs and answered Sherlock's questioning look with one of his own, letting him know that they were ok and still asleep. They quickly made their way down the stairs and to the front door. Before he opened the door, Sherlock leant down to kiss John, it was just a brief touch of their lips, but it was all they needed. Then they were out the door and into the street, getting into a taxi that Sherlock had managed to stop, ready to go on their next adventure.
"I know why you didn't, and it was the right thing to do. Moriarty would have used that against me if he'd found out. I'm also glad that I didn't know, it would have made leaving even harder than it already was." John felt his eyes well up with emotion, Sherlock didn't hate him for not telling him. "When can I meet them?" At those words, the tears rolled down John's face. He wanted to meet them, he really wanted to see them, their children. Sherlock was smiling down at him, aware of the thoughts running through John's head. He wiped away John's tears with his thumb, stroking the sides of his face gently.
"I'm sure she'll be ecstatic then. The kids should at least have one set of grandparents. After raising you two I'm sure mine will be easy," he joked.
'You told me that by marrying her, he would be safe. That she wouldn't make a move on him If she thought she'd won. Does he look like he's safe Mycroft. She shot him, she shot him and I had to nearly watch him die, again. His heart actually stopped. I... I can't lose him again Mycroft, I can't.'
"Go, your goldfish is waiting for you." Sherlock smiled shrugging on his Belstaff and wrapped his scarf around his neck. He then flicked up his collar.
"We were ambushed, my team were waiting for extraction. I remember that I had stumbled slightly from a stone, and then I remember being in unimaginable pain. I remember falling to the ground and Murray was dragging me behind cover, staunching the blood flow. He had to dig the bullet out. That's when I said it."
"The Serbian side was the last piece of the puzzle. The only one I didn't deal with was Moran, your … agent had dealt with him. I thought you'd said that he had left the country?" Mycroft shifted uncomfortably.
He took in a deep breath as he reached the door of Sherlock's room, he needed to stop being a coward, he was a soldier. He decided that he would tell Sherlock exactly how he felt, and if it wasn’t wanted then... that was fine, it was all fine. He'd probably need to find somewhere else to live and... he stopped. He could hear voices, a voice he knew without a doubt was Sherlock.
He had lost the very person who had fixed him up the last time, and all the cracks which had been fixed had just reappeared and he had fallen apart. John hadn't been kidding when he'd talked about the booze and the drugs.
His voice made both other occupants of the room turn to face him. Greg looked relieved to see him, whilst Sherlock's face was closed off. ‘How much has Greg told you?’ he asked, not looking away from Sherlock, relieved to see the detective awake and aware again. When Sherlock didn’t answer Greg looked at John, giving him a guilty look. John shook his head in denial. No. He didn’t. ‘Please tell me you didn’t Greg, you promised you wouldn’t tell him.’
John would say that Sherlock had him at 'Afghanistan or Iraq', Sherlock would say it was at 'That was amazing'. Truly the adrenaline rush they had after solving their first case 'The Study in Pink' was when they had actually started the relationship. Both forgot their 'I'm not gay' and 'I'm married to my work' and when they came together it had just felt right. Of course things weren't always so perfect, there were times when John felt inadequate for Sherlock and wondered if this was some sort of experiment he was running. Then there were the times where Sherlock felt John deserved so much better and wondered when he was leaving. It had all finally come to a head at their first meeting of Moriarty. Seeing John strapped to enough semtex to level a building had been the breaking point for Sherlock. After escaping the pool and had gotten back home they'd had slow life-affirming sex, the kind where loving words were spoken and they confirmed with each other that they were still alive. Tears had been shed and before they had reached their climax Sherlock had asked him. Asked him to marry him, to be truly his. To be together always. John had been extremely enthusiastic with his response and both had climaxed not long after, pure love filling the room with their soft sighs and moans. Basking in the afterglow John had made sure that Sherlock knew that he was never leaving, he could never imagine a life without Sherlock Holmes, and he still couldn't.
'Why? You know why. Because you orchestrated this whole relationship in the first place. You knew when I was at my weakest and you took advantage of that. You used my grief against me, to get closer to me, to make me rely on you. You must have loved it right, seeing the state I was in, how much of a pyscho must you be to want to see the results of your bosses plan up close.' He noticed a flicker in her eye, one he might have missed if he wasn't looking for it. 'Yeah, we know you worked for Moriarty. Took a while to confirm it but we know you were there at the pool. Did you get some sick satisfaction from playing house with me?'
Sherlock looked pleased at this information, looking forward to breathing in the London air once more, getting the feel of the city back into his skin.
"I asked them to meet me at Baker Street after we had sorted the surveillance issue out. I explained everything to them, and Molly helped to confirm that Sherlock was in fact alive. Although she was pretty angry on my behalf because of course, she didn't know me and Sherlock were married and obviously pregnant. I think my marriage was the one thing that Greg didn't find shocking. Apparently there's a big bet that he's going to win when we eventually go public. Once they were both fully informed I had their help leaving Baker Street, I needed somewhere safe where no-one could find me, not even you Mycroft. I needed to protect my children, their everything to me."
'I'm sorry John but we had no idea as to her movements tonight, she's much more difficult to track than expected. I will assume that she didn't expect him to survive, leaving you as an again grieving best friend with his new wife to lean on, making you once again reliant on her. She will believe that she has entirely won.'
"Oh God. I need you Sherlock, I need you inside me!" Sherlock moaned at Johns words. He brought his lips back to Johns and continued kissing with a new frenzy. He slowly walked them both to the bed until they fell backwards, lips still connected as they fell onto the soft duvet. John thrust up against Sherlock, searching out friction for his hard cock.
'Oh, that was the obvious thing, I can't be the babies dad as I can't have kids. I'm shooting blanks so to speak'
"Of course you know. Can you just pretend that you don't, the poor blokes terrified enough as it is."
"You have been busy, haven't you?" Sherlock looked up from the paper he had been reading before folding it up and tossing it onto a nearby trolley. "Quite the busy little bee." He chuckled. Sherlock sighed, pain still evident on his face from his imprisonment.
On the day that Sherlock and John had reunited, Greg had finally proposed, (Mycroft had faked the surprise!) and Mycroft had happily accepted. The wedding was due to occur in a week's time and the boys were extremely excitable at the moment. Having not long turned two, they were extremely adorable and always full of energy, bouncing around the flat just like their father in the excitement of a case. Greg and Mycroft had chosen them to be their pageboys and their little suits were hung up, ready for the day. Greg had asked John to be his best man, whilst Mycroft had asked Sherlock, who, surprisingly accepted without being blackmailed into it. Something had changed within the brother's dynamic, but it was a change for the better.
Sherlock was here. After all this time, he'd finally made it back to him. He almost ran to the front door, before ripping it open.
Moriarty was somehow behind this, he knew it. How did he get Sherlock to jump though, he would never let Moriarty beat him, and by jumping he would let him win. There had to be an explanation.
'He's fine. He's sorting something out with Mycroft downstairs.' Not a total lie, he was sorting stuff out, mainly taking Mary into custody.
"Yeah, well when Mycroft answered your phone call that night, I thought someone had died. He went as pale as the sheets. The fact that he didn't even question your intelligence before rushing out of bed was enough to tell me something had gone wrong on Sherlock's end. I remember he gave me this look before I left, it was the one where he says we'll talk about this later. I think he's finally cottoned on to the fact that I know more than I've been letting on. I think I've done well to hide it from him for the last two years, something I am totally proud about." John laughed causing Greg to join in, both laughing for a good minute. "Not that I've got anything on you though, I mean you've hidden successfully from the guy for two years, yet both me and Molly are here at least once a week. Not to mention that you've been keeping an eye of Sherlock's movements, helped me on cold and hot cases and on top of that raised two kids. Honestly I don't know how you do it. You do realise he's going to have questions." John raised an eyebrow.
"I assure you I took no delight in watching them, as you put it 'being beaten to a pulp. I couldn't risk giving myself away. You're lucky I was there when I was, any longer and there would have been permanent damage." Sherlock looked at him oddly.
"I will endeavour to try my best John. I will leave you to your reunion with Sherlock. Do try not to knock his stitches too much." John blushed.
'I...I didn't know. How could I not have known.' He gripped his hair tightly, his eyes watering with unshed tears glaring at Greg. 'Why didn't he tell me, blame me for making him want to kill himself. Why didn't you tell me?' He shouted hoarsly.
'Out of our whole conversation, that was what you heard? Jesus Sherlock.' Greg ran his fingers through his hair. 'Blimey, John should really be the one to tell you this, but I don't know how long he'll be gone dealing with the wick witch of the west. Look. After that first case, when you got back. John...John was going to leave Mary.'
'You know that were not actually legally married, the whole thing was a sham. Her names not even Mary'
"John." Sherlock's deep baritone voice made him shiver with just the sound of his name being said softly. He slowly reached his hand forward, making contact with the side of Sherlock's face. He could feel the warmth from the skin, and then there were tears rolling down his face. He was crying, because he was here, really here. He could see Sherlock's eyes assessing him, trying to figure out what to do. He made it easy for him. With one hand on his cheek, his other came up to grab the front of his coat, bringing him lips towards his own. And oh, how he missed this, missed kissing those perfect lips, and then Sherlock was kissing him back, and Johns hands moved up to his hair, whilst Sherlock's hands ran up and down John's body, sending shivers of arousal through him.
Yes they most certainly did. He had questions, questions that needed answering. He looked back up to where his brother was, then re-opened the file that was on his desk.
"He'll be awkward to begin with, most new dads are, but you know Sherlock, he'll adapt and I know he'll be a great dad. The kids already love him." John gave him a thankful smile. "You've done good with them John, their beautiful kids, well behaved. Mind you, can't mistake them for being anyone else's kids." John laughed.
"I get by. Honestly I don't really know how I do it. I mean Sherlock he has his mind palace which helps him to work through things. I just have Sherlock. It's like he's in my head and he does all the deducing and I just repeat what he says, in a more polite manner."
The pieces fell together. The puzzle complete. A dead man walks unseen. Sherlock hadn’t done this alone, Mycroft had to be involved, and with Molly’s weird behaviour she was obviously in on it too.
'Says the one who's a doctor, you can't stand hospital's either dear.' John grinned at her, and began to lead her to where Mycroft had set up. It was in the opposite direction to Sherlock's room, so she had no chance of getting near him ever again. By the time they took her in he'd be a free man again, no longer having to lie everyday to the people he was closest to, especially Sherlock. He hated lying to him, the whole thing made him feel so used, he disgusted himself. Realising they were reaching the prepared room he readied himself for the conversation that was about to happen. He couldn't be more ready for it if he tried.
"He's back John, and soon you'll see him with your own eyes and you'll know. Baker Street will be waiting for you, and so will all those crime scenes. You'll be jumping across buildings and after criminals before you know it, just like you should be." She gave him a kiss on the cheek before getting in the car and waving before pulling away.
"I didn't start the movement, I just asked the homeless network to spread it around a little bit, next thing I know it's a twitter thing and #IBISH is being spray painted around the city. The info on Moriarty is a bit harder to explain, let's just say I have some very good friends."
'Long enough,' John told her, a cold look in his eyes. She looked slightly startled to hear what he had said and to see that look on his face.
'He what, Lestrade? What did he do?' He asked, his voice wavering. Greg looked away from Sherlock. He knew Sherlock would keep pestering him until he told him. Damn. He mentally apologised to John.
'He realised that even if you did lie, it was for a good reason, and that still, after everything he'd been through, he still loved you. He couldn't marry mary when he didn't love her. So he was going to end it, move back to Baker Street. Back to you Sherlock. You know, I'm hoping eventually you two can figure your shit out because honestly the both of you pining after each other is kinda getting old.'
'Yeah and I was going to, told her that we needed to talk, then you whisk me off in a car to some warehouse and dump the knowledge that the girl I had been dating, was some kind of assassin, that it was suspected that she worked for Moriarty.'
'No, that's not true. John loves me, he married me. Tell him it's not true John. Tell him you love me, your wife.' She yelled, twisting round so that she faced John again, who was still pointing his gun at her. He smirked.
'Ahh yes, the DNA tests were quite conclusive, naming her ex, David as the father of her child. Quite damning information on it's own, don't you think. And of course the marriage was a fake, it was never filed, the papers are still in safe place.'
The man stood up, disguised in a heavy coat and hood. {"You have no idea the trouble it took to find you."}
‘He needed to know John, I couldn't stand here and listen to him going on about you lying to him when what he did to you was far worse. He deserved to know exactly what you went through, and what you’ve done for him. Jesus John, he doesn’t even know how much you helped to clear his name.’ Sherlock looked at Greg, wondering what he was talking about. ‘A few months after your death and the public enquiry, John called up a lot of your ex-clients, to help him put your name back in the good view of the public. The courts had done all they could, declaring you innocent, but John wanted people to know exactly what you did. John's name was never actually mentioned, but most people knew them as Watson's Warriors, even got the street guys involved too. After that is when...’
Another lie. As John re-watched the memory something twigged, something he had missed. As Sherlock had spoken those words he’d looked behind him to his right. Why would he do that? Why would he look back, as if he was looking at something… or someone?
He grabbed Sherlock’s dressing gown and put it on, it was comforting to wear and it still smelled like him, stale smoke, earl grey and his cologne. He slowly made his way to the kitchen to make a cup of tea. The kitchen looked odd to him, the table that was usually full of chemistry glassware and experiments had been cleared up and stored in John’s old room. He didn’t want to get rid of it yet, but it was dangerous leaving it where he could break it in a fit of rage or misery. He clicked the kettle on and moved to get the milk out of the fridge. Even the fridge was odd, he still expected to see toes in the butter, or a head just sitting there. Molly had come and cleared it out for him before they had the chance to go bad.
In this case maybe Mycroft was right, caring might make you a stronger, better person, but it also gave enemies a weak point, something to use against you. Moriarty knew this, he would have used Sherlock’s friends against him, would have threatened their lives. Of course Sherlock wouldn’t have wanted them dead, but he’s been backed into the proverbial corner.
'Right after Sherlock came back, after the parliament case. I thought that maybe I'd moved on, but I hadn't. I'd just bottled it all up, and there he was saving my life again. Making me laugh and call him a cock for his stupid stunts. God I...I was going to end it, I couldn't be with her, not knowing that Sherlock was alive. It wouldn't have been fair. Not when I didn't love her like I should of...not like I loved him.' There was silence as he let Greg take in everything he had just told him.
He gave a final squeeze of John shoulder before making his way out of the room. As he opened the door he turned his head to look back at John. 'Oh and Dr Watson, am I to receive a happy invitation by the end of the week? I believe that it's already several years overdue,' and he left leaving John to stand there, looking a bit shocked. John huffed, chuckling a bit at the elder Holmes actions. He remembered Mycroft asking him the same thing when they'd first met. He groaned. What was he supposed to do now? From what he'd seen, Sherlock had no interest in him, but Mycroft's last words said different. How was he supposed to figure this out? How was he supposed to find out if the man he loved, returned those feelings without ruining what was left of their friendship. He just didn't know.
He quickly grabbed the photo, staring at it and he almost stopped breathing. If he was here, if he was working for Moriarty, then he was in danger. He knew that face, had dreamt about it enough in the past. It was a face from his nightmares, the face of Sebastian Moran, ex-military sniper. He was also the reason why John was no longer in the army.
"And John?" he asked, pausing for a moment. A look of anguish was clearly etched on his face. Mycroft winced at seeing the sadness on his brother's face. "How is he?" Mycroft fidgeted feeling uncomfortable as Sherlock asked of news about his husband.
The car journey had been too long, all he wanted was to have John in his arms, to breathe him in. To tell him how sorry he was, to tell him how much he loved him, how much he missed him. The length of the journey however had left with time to analyse all the information that he had taken in from his and Mycroft's conversation, and had quickly come to one stunning conclusion. John was the MI6 agent that had killed Moran, Mycroft had said the agent's code name was 3CW – three continents Watson. With there being no files on him led to the realisation that his files must have been erased. Conclusion, John had once been in the running for a high ranking position, but something must have occurred for him to be send back to the army. He also must still have contacts in MI6 to receive the information he'd had, along with the evidence required to prove his innocence. Once again his John had surprised him. He had hoped that John would be smart enough to figure things out once he had gotten past the initial stages of shock and grief. He had worried though after reading his husbands last blog. To know that he may never have met John had scared him, and he had Mike Stamford to thank for that. He had introduced them, never knowing how much that had changed both of their lives.
Just the two of them at Baker street, solving crimes. Blimey everything had gone so wrong, what if Sherlock didn’t want him back at Baker Street, what if that thing with Janine was actually real, after all he didn’t actually have any evidence to prove that Sherlock was actually gay. The two people he'd actually seen Sherlock with had both been beautiful women.
"Ah yes, I do recall asking if there would be a happy announcement by the end of the week. I don't believe it took even that long, the end of the study in pink case I believe."
Molly gave him a sad smile, before pulling him into a hug. She'd gotten over Sherlock a long time ago, knowing that John was perfect for him. They were each happy with the other exactly as they were, they didn't try to change each other as others would. And that was why she was so happy for John that Sherlock was finally coming home. Because John needed him, and Sherlock needed John.
'What are you talking about?' She turned to Mycroft who was still stood by the window. 'What's he talking about?'
"He's waiting for you Sherlock. Don't make him wait any longer. There's a car outside ready to take you to him." Sherlock nodded appearing to be numb. "He'll forgive you Sherlock, you know how was much he loves you, how much you love each other. Just be prepared, he's going to be angry."
'Heard...you.' he managed to get out, his voice was raspy and dry. Greg went to speak when the door to the room opened. He stood in front on Sherlock's bed, wary of the newcomer. It was a nurse, and when she found out Sherlock was awake, she asked him a few questions before leaving to get him some ice chips. She quickly returned, giving Greg the cup of ice chips, before quickly leaving the room again. Greg awkwardly fed Sherlock some of the ice chips, damn where was John, this was totally his job.
The two men lay in bed, holding each other after their lovemaking, basking in the knowledge that they were together again. Sherlock's fingers were tracing designs on John's skin.
"You know none of this would have been possible without you. You started the #I believe in Sherlock Holmes movement, not to mention all the evidence you managed to gather on Moriarty. I don't know how you managed it, and I probably don't want to know, but I'm glad you did."
'No, he wouldn't. Not John. John wouldn't. That's not...' he looked up at Greg, his eyes pleasing with him to be wrong. Greg shook his head.
"War changes people Mycroft," John said softly, remembering his time in the army. "Sherlock helped me last time, now it's my turn. I don't care what he's done, all I care about is seeing him back in my life, seeing him back in his element as a consulting Detective and my husband."
"I did, I watched him constantly for the first two weeks. After your funeral he hardly left the flat, he didn't do anything. I had Gregory and Miss Hooper pop in occasionally. It wasn't until a month after your 'death' that I was told he was gone. The surveillance in the flat had been set up on a day loop. He did leave a note, said that he couldn't stay, there were too many memories. That he needed a fresh start. However I'm not entirely sure that was the real reason. I had no contact with him until out of the blue he rang me, and of course that leads us to now."
'It was all a lie Mary, the engagement,the wedding, everything. I didn't love you, I hated you. Everything about you disgusts me.' He watched as her face went from shock to anger and then smoothed out. Emotionless.
'I'm sure they will. I rather think it's time to send that text to your wife Dr Watson. She sure to be worried that your best friend is in hospital. I'm sure that when she arrives you'll want to see the arrest.'
John smiled as he handed Greg one of the tea's he was carrying from the kitchen, before sitting in his armchair facing the television. On the screen a news broadcast was being shown.
'You, you really love him don't you. I mean, I thought that you did, I could see it everytime you looked at him, but you never said anything. So I just assumed that I was seeing things, you did marry Mary after all, which I'm a bit confused about now. You just told me you've always been in love with Sherlock but why the hell did you marry her if you were going to break things off?'
"The who I do not know, I was informed of where I could find the body by a contact in MI6. An as of yet un-named agent took him down, that's all the information I received. I do have my suspicions though." Sherlock gave him the look, lying back slightly.
‘Never unwanted John. I...I didn't realise what it was until it was too late. When I was on top that building, I realised that it was always this. That I was in love with you.’
Mycroft's face softened slightly, he may be known as the ice king, but even he was allowed to care somewhat about his little brother.
John had seen plenty of blood splatter in his time on and off the battlefield, and with his time with Sherlock he had seen bodies after they’d fallen from a height. That was why it was odd. The blood, the splatter didn’t match that of a high impact fall.
"Nope." John smirked before frowning and letting out a sigh. "I'm worried about how Sherlock's going to react. We never once discussed children, we'd only been married for a year before the fall, it wasn't something that ever came up. I mean we were so caught up in the rush of cases and the thrill of the chase neither of us even considered it."
‘Of course I forgive you John, I always will. Your ...everything to me John,’ Sherlock finished softly, and finally John could see it. He could see it clear as day written on Sherlock's face. He gave him a soft smile, slowly reaching out to gently grasp his hand. He looked directly into Sherlock's eyes and told him what he had always meant to.
But why wouldn’t Sherlock tell him that, why the elaborate lie, it didn’t make sense. He was still missing something, something big.
Shock coursed through Greg at the sound of Sherlocks voice, and then relief. He was ok. Everything was going to be ok.
{"He said that I used to work in the navy … where I had an unhappy love affair, that the electricity isn't working in my bathroom … and that my wife is having an affair with our neighbour. The coffin maker. And if I go home now I'll catch them at it."} The man was getting angrier as he repeated the imprisoned man's words.
'Oh I'm sure he'll recover, he bounces back quite quickly my brother. Of course I'm sure the first thing he tells us will be the name of his shooter, since they were stood right in front of him, he would have easily have seen their face.' John could see her face had smoothed out into one of concern, but he knew it wasn't for Sherlock, but for herself. 'Of course, a shot through the vena cava is a rather signature sign, isn't it...Rosamund.'
"I…I do accept John. I … thankyou. I thoroughly look forward to meeting them. What have you named them?"
He rubbed his stomach, somehow the testing when he was a child had been wrong, because he was without a doubt pregnant. Nearly three months actually, and he had been the one to figure it out, not Sherlock or Mycroft.
'Jesus, I know Mycroft said it was bad, but I didn't expect him to be this out of it.' one said shakily. He looked quite worried about the detective. John looked over at the bed, Sherlock just lying there, connected to too many machines. He was so still, it was like he wasn't even...no no no he wasn't going there. Sherlock was alive and that was the way it was going to stay. He glanced at Greg who was looking at him with concern in his eyes. 'Are you ok John? Your looking a bit peaky. Mycroft said that you haven't left his side since he came in. Maybe you should head home, have a shower and a nap. I can stay with him if you like?'
‘No. My world would not have kept spinning. It would have stopped completely.’ John quickly turned around to see Sherlock looking resolutely at him, a look of pure anguish on his face. ‘You keep me right John, without you there's no me. If you were gone when I got back, I doubt if I would even be here now. I thought you knew that John. That it’s always been us, us against the world.’
'That's not love, you wouldn't know what love was if you tried. You made a big mistake shooting Sherlock last night. He's the only reason I stayed. To protect him from you.'
"Yes, I saw your last post on the blog. It was… surprising to both myself and Sherlock, neither of us thought that you were that close to…" he paused.
'But why, why would she do that? I, I thought she was a doctor. Christ do you even know her, I mean you married her, surely you must have known something was wrong?' Greg asked, asking John for clarification on the whole matter.
His interrogator spat at him, sparing a glance at his companion who was sitting further back in the room, shrouded in the darkness. The interrogator picked up a short metal pipe, and rounded on the prisoner once more.
"Yeah, you and me both. It was lucky I managed to explain everything before she ended up ringing him and ranting down the phone. I know that if he knew, he would have come back, and a part of me wanted that, more than anything. But I was a soldier, I understood why he did it, I just hated being this side of things, I've always been the more proactive type, being the left behind spouse totally sucks."
"I…I want to meet them, but I… I don't really know how to be a dad. What if I'm no good, what if they hate me? I've already missed so much of their lives," Sherlock said worriedly. John shook his head.
"The body was found in a flat in Surrey. Post-mortem results indicated that his neck had been broken. It was clearly military in precision and effectiveness, whoever this agent is clearly had extensive knowledge of hand to hand combat as it is unlikely that Moran went down without a fight. What did strike me as odd though, was that Moran didn't have his rifle with him. Moran is well known for his sniping capabilities, for him to be grounded means that he was there for a target that was of personal interest to him. He rarely gets his hands dirty, although he is a capable killer. He didn't know an agent was on to him, unless of course his target was the agent themselves. Whatever the plan was, he clearly underestimated his targets capabilities."
"Yeah but you've not been totally out of the game John, your deductions have been a great help to me over the years, and let's not forget that night last year." John shuddered as he remembered what had occurred that night.
‘I didn’t realise what faking my death would do to you, I didn’t know. Forgive me John, please forgive me for the pain I put you through.’ Tears were streaming down both there faces now, neither noticing Greg silently leaving the room. John walked closer to the bed.
"I believe that Sherlock will have no problems with either of their names. Anyway I must go, I believe that Gregory will be proposing tonight." John laughed.
Had it only been two weeks since had last sat there? He closed his eyes picturing his husband in one of his usual poses, hands together steepled against his lips as he roamed his mind palace, looking for answers. He sighed moving his empty hand to push back his hair, it needed to be cut, but Sherlock had liked it slightly longer, he had said it proved that John was no longer in the army, not to mention he liked to be able to be able to put his hands through it.
"How long until they figure it all out?" John asked. Greg took a mouthful of tea, looking thoughtful.
"This is a child's room John. I … I don't understand." John smiled at him before walking forward and wrapping his arms around his slightly lost looking husband.
"No-one knew, just me. I did the tests myself at work. I found out just before Moriarty resurfaced. I wanted to tell him, but I didn't want to distract him from the case. There was never the right moment. Then he was gone."
"It was a scratch, the first time we met he gave me a much more serious injury, course I returned the favour that day, though he definitely didn't recover from it."
"Finally," he shouted, bouncing around like an excited five year old. John grinned, soon the twins would be overtaking Sherlock, in his mental age at least.
After, things had returned to normal, or relatively normal for them at least. The one thing that stood out the most though was Sherlock's reaction to meeting the twins. It would forever be etched into John's mind. He saw the nervous and worried look slip off his face, and was replaced by a look of awe and love, that they had managed to create these children, that they were a part of both John and Sherlock. In that moment Sherlock had never looked so beautiful to John.
Mummy Holmes was organising the whole ordeal, something that she delighted in. She had been most disappointed to find out that she had missed her youngest getting married, but she and John had been secretly planning to have a renewal of their vows in front of family and friends on their next anniversary. John's first meeting with the Holmes matriarch had gone surprisingly well. John had been rather nervous about meeting her, sure that she would believe her son too good for him. Instead he had been pleasantly surprised at how easily they connected, they immediately fell into comfortable conversation and Sherlock could not have been happier. He knew his mother would love John, it was impossible not to. His mother was also extremely happy to meet the twins. She absolutely adored them as did his father. They both doted on the boys had grandparents do, and soon after they set up a visiting arrangement which satisfied both parties. The twin would get to spend time with their grandparents, and Sherlock and John would be able to have some alone time without the worry of their children in the next room. Something they definitely took advantage of, usually requesting Greg not to contact them unless in an emergency.
"Well, I think their mum's pretty smart too, I mean you've gotten pretty good at the deducing thing." John blushed.
Sherlock had not wanted him to move, had kept him in a certain position. But why? What was so important that he didn’t move, it was like he was directing his actions for a purpose. But what purpose? He rifled through the next crime scene photos and saw his answer. By standing where he was the ambulance station was between him and St Bart’s. But why would that matter, why would having him so far away matter?
"Thank you John. I never imagined I would have this, a … family. They look perfect John, your perfect. My one and only conductor of light. I didn't think it was possible to love you anymore than I already did, but you continue to surprise me Dr Watson."
He wasn’t alone up there! Someone was up there with him, someone who didn’t stop him from jumping, someone who … encouraged him.
"William and Alexander Holmes." Sherlock stared at the picture for a bit longer, his heart full of emotions, love, pride and happiness. Family. His family. He leaned down and kissed John.
John glared at her. He knew Sherlock did have feelings, of course he did. He was the most human human being he knew. He didn't care if Sherlock felt the same way as he did or not. He loved Sherlock, that was never going to change. He'd take what he could get, even if that was only friendship.
John stared at him in shock before looking back at Sherlock. God, marrying Sherlock would be the best day of his life, but Sherlock may not even want a relationship with him, might hate him for putting him through everything the last few months. He abandoned him to his new wife and Sherlock had gone back to drugs, had an affair with Janine, which he wasn't sure was real or not. Christ everything was so shit. Maybe he'd ruined any chance of ever being with Sherlock, christ he hoped not, everything he had done had been for him, he hoped that after all of this, maybe they could finally have their shot. Maybe it could finally be their time.
"Yes, well a concerned party has been keeping an eye on you, a far better one than I have it would seem. Don't ask me how because I don't know. I was contacted the day after you were captured, he informed me of what had happened and made me promise to do all I could to get you out of there, hence why I came myself. I knew not to doubt him so I immediately left arranging for transport, and of course learning Serbian on my way there. He has kept me appraised of the situation in England whilst I was away. He has managed what I was unable to do, he has cleared your name. You're a free man once more."
"They haven't started deducing stuff yet, their talking is getting much clearer now though, learning a few new words. Of course they've started getting into everything at the moment, I've had to childproof everywhere. Sometimes I watch them playing and I notice how observant they are, they never do the same thing twice. That they definitely got from their dad."
Sherlock adapted to being a dad rather well. Of course in sure Sherlockian way, he had researched parenthood on the laptop until he had panicked to John. John had brushed his concerns away and told him that the best way was to just love them, everything else would come naturally. Sherlock was a doting father to his boys, and enjoyed playing with them when they demanded it. Both Alex and William were as smart as their father, but they had the compassion of their mother, as Greg would say. They were, in all ways, the best parts of the two men.
He leant against the kitchen sink, his arm’s one again encircling his stomach. It shouldn’t have been possible, but then since when did anything either of them ever do be anything else.
'You obviously missed most of the conversation then. He went through hell when you were gone, he didn't think he would see you again, and there were several things that happened where when you did come back, there would be no John Watson for you to see.'
'She worked for him Greg, she worked for Moriarty.' she told him softly. He heard Greg release a gasp, his face clearly showing his shock.
Moriarty. He would know that. Would know who was closest to Sherlock, who he cared about, and he wouldn’t hesitate in using that against him.
Sherlock, it all came back to him. Even now his mind couldn’t let him go and he found himself unconsciously thinking about that day all over again. He had tried to not think of it, had stopped himself from trying to analyse it, trying to see what he missed, but he couldn’t stop himself. He needed answers, he needed to know why, because the Sherlock he knew would never have been even a little bit bothered by what the press had to say, would never had left John behind for no reason.
‘So all that, what Lestrade told me, you actually...’ Sherlock started before trailing off. John nodded.
'Mycroft. He had some information on her, but nothing concrete, but he was pretty sure she worked for Moriarty. He was afraid that if I left her, she would then use her anger as a way to finish Sherlock off, and I...I couldn't lose him again, I just got him back. So me and Mycroft planned for the engagement to go ahead as it would make Mary think she had won. I never left the two of them alone, I was always there between them, I didn't trust her not to try something, or for Sherlock to deduce something that would make her turn on him. It was the worst time of my life. I had to watch the man I love be excited about a wedding I didn't want, to a woman I hated and didn't want to be with. Christ Greg, the things he said in his best man speech, God it made me want to call the whole thing off and just drag him back to Baker street. Kiss him silly and tell him how much he means to me, what he's always meant to me.'
'You weren't meant to be there, i had no choice, I shot him to save him. He wasn't meant to die, just give me enough time to get away. I knew you were there and the ambulance would get there in time. I was there for Magnussen, he has files on me, he's been blackmailing me, I just needed to get them. You need to understand John, who I was then is not who I am now.' John snorted.
Wow, whats this a new chapter already. Honestly I've surprised myself on how quickly I've been updating, I've just been so damn excited writing this story.
‘You have no idea how much I have dreamt about this moment, scarily enough I’ve always imagined it to happen after one of us has been hurt in a case.’
John gave him a sympathetic smile and gestured for him to sit down. He made his way over to the bed, gently grasping Sherlock's hand once again.
"My brother has never been an easy person to get on with, he always got into the worst of trouble and I was always bailing him out. I worried about him, constantly. He has you now though, and I find myself taking a step backwards, because that is all he has ever needed. You." John's eyes teared up.
'Yes, he always did hate being left out of secrets, but I'm sure that for this, he will forgive you, after all, you forgave him for pretending to be dead for two years.'
"It is of no inconvenience John, they are my nephews after all." He paused and then groaned. "Oh I just had a thought, Mummy's going to be sickening!" This caused John to laugh. "She's always wanted grandkids, of course she was most disappointed to find out that both her sons were not interested in the more delicate flesh."
'Jesus, your just as bad as he is. Blimey, go deal with the soon to be ex-wife and then you can continue staring dreamily at your future husband. Just make sure to name me best man, I've been loading up on all the juicy stories.'
They were both close, and were moving against each other, loud moans and gasps filling the room as they reaffirmed their love.
'I want to thank you John,' Mycroft said softly, gripping his shoulder softly. 'I know it's not been easy for you to do this, and you have my gratitude.' He paused, looking John deep in the eyes, as if looking for something. 'You must not take Miss Morstan's words into consideration, what she said was to break you down at your very centre. None of what she said was true. I know exactly where my brother would be if you two hadn't met. He'd be dead. He would have taken the pill from the Cabbie case and he would have died, and I wouldn't have my brother anymore.'
"Kid's will do that to you." John nodded before stiffening at the chime of his mobile going off. He quickly reached for it.
John stood wearily by the waiting room, Mary would soon arrive and he could finally be done with all this acting. He'd never had to wear a mask for so long before, he didn't know how Sherlock did it, it was exhausting. He massaged his temple with his fingers, willing for her to get here so he could get back to Sherlock, he disliked being away from him when he was unable to defend himself. He knew he was safe with Greg there, and he was sure Mycroft had some men hiding away up there, keeping an eye in things, but he still felt as if he should be there. He clenched his fist, something which he had had to refrain from doing for a while. He usually did it when he was angry or upset, and since he always felt that way around Mary, he'd had to train himself not to do it in front of her, or Sherlock. He heard his name being called and looked up to see her making her way towards him. She didn't even look upset. He made himself pull her into a comforting hug, letting the worry for Sherlock come out.
"John. He just left the building, I've provided a car which will drive him to your current residence. He should arrive within the hour," Mycroft informed him, causing John to breathe a sigh of relief.
John sighed. Thinking about his father always brought him back to the last time he’d actually spoken to his parents. They hadn’t approved of him going into the army and had kicked him out of the house after a huge blowout. He’d spoken briefly to them over the years, but when he informed them of his pending marriage to Sherlock, they had wiped their hands clean of him. Harry and he had become surprisingly much closer since his marriage, staying off the drink and actually getting back with Clara. She rang daily to make sure that he was ok and was coping.  Of course he wasn’t actually coping that well, but he was making sure he ate, when he could. Morning sickness had started kicking in, something he did not enjoy.
"I know, I only want to know how he managed to slip through Mycroft's net. It was a close call, you weren't exactly uninjured when you got home you know." John smirked.
"I do love Sherlock, and your right he's not an easy person to live with, but mainly he's just misunderstood. He's not the same as normal people, they don't understand him. Luckily I'm pretty good at translating Holmes. He doesn't have to say anything, it's all in his actions."
Things weren't all sunshine and daisies though, real life never is. They dealt with the overwhelming amount of nightmares that both men had to endure, Sherlock's about his time 'dead', about the lives he had taken, about his capture. John's were still about the fall, or finding out the Sherlock had died on his mission. These dreams caused them to both wake up, drenched with sweat a fair few times the first couple of weeks. When it happened the other would pull them close together, hands stroking hair to help calm, until they fell asleep again. Eventually the nightmares started to taper off and both were able to get decent amounts of sleep, the wounds in their bodies and minds gradually healing.
John sighed, and stroked Sherlocks hand softly with his fingertips. The detective was still in a drug induced coma, allowing his body to heal after being shot in the chest. He stifled a sob with his other clenched fist. He didn't know how Sherlock was still alive, it was a bloody miracle as far as he was concerned. He didn't know of anyone who had survived a shot to the vena cava. And the fact that it was his wife that shot him...she should have known better than to use her signature shot.
'Well then, I do believe our businesshis at an end. Anthea would you be a dear and escort Miss Morstan out, I believe the agents outside are waiting to escort her away from here.' He looked over at John, giving him a comforting look. 'No one will ever know where you end up, and you will never be a burden on my family again.'
Sherlock breathed out, calming himself. John loved him. He quickly got out of the car and pulled his collar up. Shutting the door to the car he looked up at the quaint unassuming country house. It looked so… normal. At the end of the drive he spotted a movers truck, recently parked. Did that mean John was packing up to leave, to return to Baker Street? The thought excited him and he found himself walking quickly towards the front door. Taking a deep breath he softly knocked on the door.
Mycroft looked on at his brother's best friend break down. Considering the emotions the man felt for his brother, he wasn't surprised, just as he wouldn't be surprised if it was the other way around. The two of them were so obviously in love with each other, but neither of them could see it for themselves. It was quite disgusting how...sentimental it all was. He sighed.
"Most, if not all of it. I tend to try not to underestimate my brother. The children however will be a definite surprise."
"Why don't you go take a look, and you tell me." Sherlock looked at him, trying to figure out what John was tell him. John gave him a bright smile, then watched as Sherlock bounced of the bed. "Dressing gowns on the back of the door," he informed him. John stretched and then got out of bed himself, putting on the second dressing gown. He'd made sure there were always two, ready for Sherlock's return. He followed his husband out of the room and watched as he slowly entered the kid's room. He leant against the door post waiting for Sherlock to say something. He was currently frozen in the middle of the room, staring at the double crib that was against the wall next to John's room. He suddenly unfroze and spun around to stare at John.
‘About an eight.’ He managed to get out. The nurse nodded and reached over to change the morphine drip.
When John had opened the front door of 221B Baker Street, Mrs Hudson had appeared and pulled him in for a crushing hug, telling him how much she had missed him and how worried she had been. Of course Sherlock's arrival with the two baby carriers had entirely shocked her, although the presence of the babies had distracted her from what John thought, would have been a long talking to. She had cooed over them, keeping them well occupied as John and Sherlock, with the help of Greg and Molly moved John's belongings back into the flat. Finally John felt that he was finally home.
Mycroft sat at his desk observing his brother. Sherlock was currently reclined flat on his back having his face shaved. The long hair had been cut back to its' normal length and he was currently reading the paper. He pondered on what he was going to tell Sherlock, many things had changed over the two years since he had been gone, the most important one of those was the going's on of his brothers husband. It had been two years since he'd seen the man, but he'd obviously been busy. He had a few suspicions, nothing he could prove at the moment though. His phone buzzed, signalling the arrival of a new text.
They both watched as Anthea dragged the struggling Mary out of the door, into the custody of several agents. Once the door was once again closed John gave a sigh of relief, finally lowering his gun and putting the safety back on. He ran a hand over his tired face. He was just...done.
"He's coming back Greg, Mycroft will bring him back and this is one less thing he has to worry about. He needs to be free to do what he's supposed to do, be the consulting detective again. I needed to prove without a doubt that Sherlock was innocent, that info just helped to solidify it." Greg gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze.
"Two years Mycroft, I left him thinking I was dead for two years. It wasn't meant to take this long, six months I thought, at the longest. I underestimated the size of Moriarty's web. The pain I've caused him Myc, he's going to hate me." Mycroft sat there stunned at the amount of sorrow he heard in his brother's voice. He hadn't called him 'Myc' since he was a child, indicating the amount of emotion that he was currently feeling.
"Anthea should be here soon, are you ok to watch them until she gets here?" he asked as he slipped his jacket on.
"Yes he always was the emotional sort, although he hides it quite well. No one saw it until you though. His conductor of light he would say. He'll be with you soon John."
'Your wrong. Sherlock's not a freak, or a machine or a sociopath. He's my best friend, and yes I do love him, I've always loved him, and probably always will. He's a far better man than anyone I've ever met. A far better human being than you are Mary. And yes, maybe I have hurt him by pretending to be with you. But I'd rather he be alive and hate me than for him to be dead. Our wedding was a fake, the marriage certificate was never filed, ergo your not my wife, you never were. You will be out of my life soon enough, and I look forward to never having to see you again.'
For two weeks he had thought that he was truly alone, those two weeks were the worst weeks of his life, worse than when he came back from the war. Only the thought of his pregnancy kept him drinking himself into oblivion. But that was in the past, Sherlock was home. He was alive and John needed his husband in his arms, needed him like he needed air.
Like all male children he had been tested at a young age to see if he had the male carrier gene, it was this gene that allowed some males to become pregnant. There was about a one in ten thousand chance of having the gene but his tests had come back negative, something his father had been extremely happy about, after all he already had one gay child, he didn’t want another one.
The man stepped closer to the prisoner before grabbing the long hair and leaning forward to speak in his ear. "It's time to go home little brother, you have people waiting for you, time to head back to Baker Street, Sherlock Holmes."
He’d wanted to tell him and was planning something for the next day, but then Moriarty happened and John waited, he didn’t want to give him anything he could use against Sherlock. He waited too long though, if he’d have known what would happen he would of told him, would have told him they were going to have a child. Now Sherlock would never meet their baby, would never teach them how to deduce, never threaten their first girlfriend/boyfriend.
'I'm not proud of my past, but it was over. I moved on, became a different person. I fell in love with you John. I love being Mary Watson. I can't lose you over something I did in my past John, please.' She pleaded, tears slowly falling down her face. John had to give it to her, she was a hell of an actress.
"Bedroom," John muttered before grabbing Sherlock's hand, pulling him up the stairs and into his bedroom at the end of the hall. As they entered, mouths reconnected, though their hands were not idle. Articles of clothing were being flung around the room, in a haste to feel bare skin against bare skin. As soon as they were naked both moaned, appreciating something that neither had felt in two years. The kissing slowed down as hands found their way across each other's bodies, mapping them with fingertips, reclaiming that which had been gone for the last twenty four months.
'Well for starters the wedding wasn't a real wedding, the marriage certificate was never filed. It also helps that Mary Morstan doesn't exist. She stole the name from a grave. Secondly the baby isn't mine'
The cell was dark and dank (well you wouldn't expect a cell to be light and airy now would you), the blackness of the room only punctured by a small lamp. In the center of the room a bedraggled man was tied to a chair, his arms pulled to the sides with chains and his head hanging limp, long hair covering his face. His bare torso was covered in bruises and scratches. A tall bald man was laying into him with his fists.
'So then Mary comes along, and she's perfect, you know. Beautiful, smart, funny. I should have realised, or as Sherlock would say I should have observe, not just seen, but I was so lost that I would have taken anything, done anything to not be so lonely anymore. And she took advantage of that.'
Knowing that he wouldn’t be able to get back to sleep he slowly got out of bed, grabbing his hated cane to help bring him to his feet. The pain in his leg had come back recently, "psychosomatic", Sherlock's voice in his head supplied. John assumed that it was because of his grief, he was slowly reverting back to how he had been pre-Sherlock. He almost laughed at that thought. He now thought of his life as separated into pre and post-Sherlock, and God was his life so much better when Sherlock was around. With Sherlock in his life the days had seemed brighter, more enjoyable. There was always cases and post-case fun. Winding up Mycroft, and deducing Donavon and Andersons affair. It was the best two years of his life.
'Funny thing that isn't it, I mean when Sherlock mentioned it at the wedding I nearly broke cover. I mean, the one thing which you couldn't hide, is the one thing that gave you away.' Mary looked confused. 'I'm sterile Mary, have been for years, and all of a sudden your pregnant. I know you were cheating on me with David, and most likely that baby is his. Tell me did you use him because he was there, or that he looked slightly like me? I guess it doesn't matter. I don't actually care, I'm just ready for this to be over.' He looked over at Mycroft and nodded. From behind the curtain Anthea appeared pointing a gun at her, a pair of handcuffs at the ready. Mary saw, now that curtain was pushed back, that there was no one in the bed.
