Steve entered the kitchenette and began to wash his hands. Thankful that he had time to do so. It was the following afternoon, and the blonde was happy with the progress he's made today. With Peter & Tommy's help, the three men were able to get the barn looking good as new.
With the darkness, came the silence as well. Yet not for long. As Sam's attempt at comedic relief, complaints, or really any type of conversing was anything but helpful.
"Uh Yes, of course. I always got your back, Captain." Tony consoled.
"Nice save there." She added.
"That's the thing. She... Ma never gave it a name. Even when I would ask around Brooklyn. Nobody knew the name of the ship in this tale." Steve faltered off.
"No, Steve. I don't care. If you think he's the one, then he's the one.”.
Once the team hug ended, they headed into the stolen car. Natasha plugged in the coordinates Stark sent her, and off they headed.
“You mean they... like... did things? Like in the bedroom?”
"Ass." Tony finished.
Sam lightly tapped his shoulder, which brought Steve back. Whilst, Natasha was yelling his name over the phone, getting more impatient with every "Steve" that left her lips.
Resentment was a corrosive disease, that even Tony couldn't get rid of. The sheer weight of what happened in Siberia, still so bitter to even think about. However, 4 years did give the philanthropist some time to think some more.
“Well, since financial arrangements are in order. What time do you believe you’ll move in?” Richard inquired.
Tony laughed at his comment and rested his hand on the soldier's shoulder. The two men once again, falling into their gazing. The room, once again, silent. The only sounds being, that of, their breathing.
Steve felt his thumb graze the call button. Could he do it? What would he even say to him? ‘Hey sorry for not telling about your parents dying, and breaking up the Avengers, and paralyzing you’re best friend for life!’.
But before Steve could question her again, a car pulled up to the shop. Now it was Sam who smirked, except his was more mischievous.
Walking into the bar area came, Thor and Bruce, discussing something other than women for once. Nat feeling intrigued, asked if they wanted a drink, to hopefully get a conversation going. Cause Fury wasn't much of converser anyway. Thor declined, saying that he had a special bottle from Asgard. Bruce however just smiled, and answered, "A 77, please Ms. Widow.".
"It's this thing she does every morning. Could you check for me, please?" Tony insisted. His tone sounded worried.
Steve doesn't understand why this memory in general is hitting him so hard. It was for Tony, not him. He only went through with it so it could help the philanthropist. So why is he feeling, now, this mesmerized by it?
“The amount of times you’ve apologized tonight, astounds me, so.”.
Peter chuckled at his Aunt’s message and opened the box. The sweet, hot, and delicious smell of the pizza filled his nose, like an ecstasy-driven trip. He licked his lips; seriously hungry since his last meal was this morning. And it consisted of toast, eggs, and some milk.
The super-soldier brought his hands up to hug the philanthropist, only to hesitate as Tony was still bed-ridden. "I can't believe your alive, you selfish bastard!".
"Just back to my hometown. Wanting to see how it is." He faltered.
It wasn't anything luxurious, just a simple set of shops, sardined together. Dozens of tourists enveloping the shacks with money to spend and stomachs to fill. One was selling meat, which honestly made Steve's stomach turn. Another sold fruits, the other, blankets and wardrobe. A few down further were selling some Avengers merchandise.
Another reason for the trio to get Tony's attention, was for him to know that they were okay. Mostly Natasha, who still felt a somewhat friendship was between him and her. For Sam, it was more or so, just for following Nat. And getting to flip Tony off, for making him sleep in shitholes for the past few months.
He stared at the sofa, relishing in the memory. Probably looking like a complete idiot to anyone hopefully not watching. But he didn't care.
Steve already knew that this was going to be an adjustment. He just didn't realize that the noisy, bombastic, sounds of cars & pedestrians, were now going to be compared to that of cicadas & frogs. The silence of it all was the hugest difference to the city life. Yet, the soldier felt it was still strangely relaxing.
But now, something seemed off about the place. Or rather that something was missing. The house hadn't changed much, nor did Tony's demeanor. So what could be the difference? Honestly, Steve couldn't tell you now, even if he had a suspicion.
The philanthropist ignored him. So Steve walked up to him, and sat his hand on his shoulder, forcefully. Tony stopped and looked at the Captain, with eyes that looked like he just witnessed something tragic occur. While simultaneously calming down all together. 'Alright! That worked!' Steve thought amusingly.
The other simply smiled, trying his hardest to hide the deep trauma that was ripping his mind to shreds. He didn't want to worry Steve with whatever was affecting him. So he thought up a conversation starter, quickly.
But more were coming. Their footsteps clacking on the catwalks. "Come on, we need to leave!" Natasha urged.
Steve may not have known the kid that much. But he meant a lot to Tony. And He had watched him dissolve, right in his arms. And who’s fault was it? It should be Thanos’s right? It was his cruel act that took Peter from Tony, right? No.
"Jesus, if this continues, I'm going to end up in a seizure." Tony complained.
Hope your guys are doing well, and safe. Especially with these horrible events with Miss Rona, and the riots about police brutality! Which needs to be talked about, since these police officers are just disgusting, and need to be brought to actual justice! Please, stay safe! ✌️🏻❤️
Sam screamed in pain, but took his right fist to the man's jaw. The agent stumbled back, but Sam continued his punches onto him. Sam eventually fought his way back to Steve and Natasha.
Once inside, the Avenger looked around hoping to spot Sam, quickly. If it were up to Steve, he would've picked a place that wasn't so open to the public, for a pre-reunion gathering. He was really trying to avoid any press or just other people in general. Not so much in aggravated way, more so, in a 'not in the mood' kinda way.
Steve kept his gaze on his lover and tried to think of his answer. Then looked behind Tony, toward the lab. The philanthropist following his gaze, trying to catch his reasoning.
A Year Later...
"Oh, you should've seen him! He looked white as a ghost when he thought I called you!" She beamed.
Sarah let the clanging and chewing continue for a little bit. With the utter pain-filled confession festering her mind like a virus. Any other chance at another conversation would be enveloped by the thought. So finally, she decided to come clean, if not for her, but for Steve.
But this morning, he wasn't under the bed. She softly chuckled to herself and headed back to the bathroom.
"It's so good to finally meet you, Mr. Rogers! Really!" Peter expressed.
Natasha smiled at his short response, while Sam just rolled his eyes.
He knew he was still grieving. But these memories were so much more than just simple encounters. These were times of vulnerability. Intimate, personal, situations that he truly cherished.
"Yes, Mr. Rogers. You not only have a decent-sized front porch, but a similar sized back porch with a covered balcony atop it." Richard smiled softly, "You usually find these types of designs on farmhouses.".
"Tony... Do you... uh?" Steve darted his eyes to their 'Special Areas', "I mean, would you like to have sex... w-with me?".
"It's nice to see you guys again." Steve addressed as he sat down, opposite of Tony.
Potts, now Stark. She seriously wonders how a decade ago, she would groan at the name Stark. But now that's her last name. Pepper Stark. It so does not roll off the tongue. Which is why, when Tony says it. She laughs softly.
"Is it never going to warm up in here?!"
"I... I... I told Pepper about our kiss." Steve stuttered.
"I know. I promise I'm alright." He said, this time giving her an 'I'm okay' kiss to ease her suspicions.
It did catch some of Sam's pants on fire, but a good pat down put the fire out. The building that stood only moments ago, was now a big ball of blue flames. It groaning like a ship's hull bending and breaking.
Steve especially, now running on
"What? Yeah! Sure, I'm good." Tony dismissed Steve's smile and continued the conversation.
"Come in, I guess." Steve was already feeling agitated.
Steve barely made it to the toilet before last night's food came hurdling from his stomach. The utter retching sound he made, was disgusting, to say the least. But vomiting wasn't the only thing corrupting his body at this moment.
The conversation suddenly drifted off, and the two women fell quiet. Wanda really was done with all this hiding, and running. It felt dirty, filthy, and complicit.
"Oh! Sorry, um, yes... I 'have' been not eating lately. Only, because of the news with Fury and him needing us again. It's made me... a little... nervous." Steve told.
The soldier winced in sheepish delight. "Tony?! Close the door!" He commanded.
Tony gave him a smug look, before the super soldier released the information.
"That's quite alright, Stark. I am truly sorry. Its an utter pain that can never be forgotten." Thor responds sorrowful.
"God, what am I going to do? He's obviously going to say 'No'. I'm seriously screwed!" He griped through his teeth.
Steve surprisingly, didn't know how to process Tony's version of an ultimatum. Could he jeopardize their strong friendship for something more romantic? Something more intimate, more closer, more sensual?
"Alright, shell head. What do you think of this? Cause to me, it seems... fishy?" Nat asked Tony.
" Steve sighed.
"...That, That was nice." Tony uttered, "And I really did mean it. I'll... I'll do it.".
He tripped and stumbled through the small room, that was littered with papers, some mechanical pieces, and Cap's suit. For which, he threw it there as a sign of pure exhaustion from yesterday's events.
But now, 7 years later, they didn't just win. They earned their victory. They resolved those several issues they had. They were finally on good terms. Steve doesn't know if he was still thinking of the Avengers or him and Tony.
For whatever reason, Nat will never understand why she became friends with this man. Truthfully, he is charming, and funny, and... yeah that's about it.
"I was... but something kept me awake."
Tony left his nostalgic memories to go look for his daughter. His beautiful, sweet, daughter.
He could see the pain on Mr. Stark’s face. Sure he knew that Mr. Stark and Captain America were friends, and that there falling out was rough. But like... not to this extent. Peter looked down to his feet, hoping that the conversation would kick back up, but it didn't.
He looked to her. She seemed okay from what he could see. But knew Pepper long enough to know, that she always wears a false face when she needs to. And at this moment she was wearing it.
He sighed and walked over to the now-empty dining table. The children scurrying back to the playroom upstairs. He picked up the plates and set them gently in the sink. "Just know that I appreciate you so much." He expressed quietly, whilst looking outside once more.
"Really, can I play with them?" Morgan persisted.
"Was it for him?" Natasha vaguely asked.
"Okay, Cap, calm down! We don't even know if it's available yet. Plus this wasn't even the house we were supposed to look at today.".
"I guess I need to get my ears checked, huh boy?" He suggested to the retriever.
Tony stared at him, shocked. "What the hell do you mean
Everything from Steve first waking up from the ice, to Shield collapsing. He even remembers a special incident, just after the battle of New York.
Pepper looked around at the trees, surrounding their property. Their sway-like dance, adding to the beauty of it all. She even gazed over to the beautiful lake sitting a few yards from their property.
Ziggy's older sister, Cindy Burman, was a brunette with ambitions, dreams, and was strong-headed. Had a desire to make her & her sister's life something more. A life where the two could live happily with no worries at all. The siblings kept in contact with each other when Cindy had moved out. But the older sibling didn't have the financial resources, or even room, for Ziggy to come and stay with her, and her boyfriend. So the orange-haired teen was forced to move away. Leaving any trace of a family behind.
Anyway, the story is coming to a close soon. Hope your ready for the final chapters coming. I have been working on them, since I published the first seven chapters. The aforementioned smut chapter is the longest chapter, running at a span of 6,000 words, and maybe more-can’t decide.
. Just forget about it, Stark.".
Peggy was his first love. Someone who he cared about a lot. He could go back to her now. They had the technology to do it. His home with Tony, was gone. Maybe, he could find another with Peggy.
Yet to Steve's knowledge, all of those situations were dealt with. Now being nearly 10 months since everyone returned.
The super-soldier definitely found it odd, that all these beds had been left in the house. Along with a few other things downstairs as well. Like the chalkboard left in the laundry room, the dusty table in the kitchen, and a rocking chair in the attic. All these random left here and the previous owners, or hell even the landlord, didn’t think to take them out of the house. It was just a little suspicious, to say the least. However, Steve wasn't going to let that wreck his view of his new home.
But one of the men, apparently noticed Sam's flyby and yelled at the others to start loading up.
Steve took Annie’s words in hard. He mentally hit himself for not realizing the obvious nature of her stubbornness.
Steve placed his hands on his hips. As the brunette eagerly walked back to him.
A bit of laughter followed, before Steve's watch broke the sounds of their forks scrapping the glass chinaware. Tony turned from the sink. "Is everything alright?" He asked cautiously.
Steve thought admiringly.
Softly, Steve began to move again. Tony's winces followed, but were finally quieting into sharp breaths. A single, leftover tear, slid down Tony's left cheek and stopped halfway down its path. Intriguingly, it stayed in its place. Not even changing form. How strange?
"Don't do that. Don't
"I'm on my way-" Natasha felt her arm get violently tugged as she fell to the ground below. The man, with the eye missing, stood above her, trying to dismantle her disguise. But she instantly took his arm, and lifted herself above him.
And as each snowflake fizzled on the window, she took a deep breath in and quickly blew it back out. Fogging up her scenery, for one. Which, in her defense, was mostly clouds and the orange glow coming from her side of the window.
The next day, they stumbled on it, purely, by accident. Tony took over the wheel after the last pit-stop at a gas station. And while the two were deep in conversation, mostly about the world's new state of chaos, the blonde had realized that they were going down the wrong road.
Broken branches were scattered around the back porch. A few of the shudders along the barn had been partly tore off. Even a few porch chairs that were on the second floor of said back porch, had blown off and were lying on the right side of the house.
"Really? You're not too busy?"
Nat smiles at him, and sets her hand on his shoulder. "Bruce, Hey, you don't need to get all worked up on me. No need to get all awkward.".
"—If you'd let me finish. I was going to say, Thank you, Mr. Star—
Silence filled the room. Many people did have stories. They just weren't made to be told in a storytelling format. "Fine. Then I guess, I can bore you guys with one of my old man tales." Steve smirked mischievously.
“Oh Jesus, we’re going have to race back, if we want to get there!” Steve exclaimed, ignoring Natasha’s call.
"To be frank, I knew Natasha was right. You and Tony have something that I simply can't do. I know he doesn't love you or anything like that, otherwise I would've been a lost cause for him." She lightheartedly joked.
If these looks could tell a story, it would be a bestselling novel at that. And yet, their momentary stares toward each other, seemed to never bother the two men. But the silence, we’ll that’s a different story. Tony was the first to speak up, in order to break up the awkward moment.
In all his past relationships, he'd never actually made love to a woman. It was always 'quickies' just to get rid of the sensual emotions that plagued him. Pepper, was the only exception and Morgan was the product of that.
"Tony, this place is huge!" Steve whispered. As he and Tony stood in the archway leading to the front foyer.
"Where are you going?".
She can recall a time, when one of her friends growing up, asked her to help themself with a situation. She pretty much told them that their plan was stupid, and that it be better to be just castrated. It should be mentioned that this was around the time of Black Widow's origins at the Red Room, in which she trained mercilessly, to become the trained killer. It honestly seems that Natasha can't think of anything, without the ruthless memory of her time there. And her secret that she wishes to keep till the grave. Let's just say Women we're also prone to barbaric experiments to prevent fertilization.
Steve and Sam nodded in response. "Alright. Let's go find this warehouse, and see if it's promising." Steve stated with his typical leader toned voice.
"I think you may have just shit yourself, Happy!" Sam laughed, "Cap got you so good!".
Steve could see the nervous teen suddenly regret his decision. He felt bad for Peter. A flash image of himself, before the serum, appeared in Steve's mind. The soldier then sat a hand on his shoulder.
"If you need to hold me, all you gotta do is ask." Tony let his mischievous smirk grow on his face.
Natasha felt herself leave a somber-like sigh after Wanda’s question.
"Don't get any bright ideas!" Steve chuckled.
But a door breaking open, and a few screams in response, made her realize that he broke into an apartment. Scaring her even more, than she already was with the situation.
The building itself was red, with a least four floors and a rooftop. She swiftly headed inside and could see him heading up the main stairs. Following him, she continually looked up to see if he was heading up to the rooftop.
It makes Bruce loosen his tie, as he simultaneously grabs the drink off the counter. He sips it slowly, as she and him do not break eye contact. Their gazes seem to make time stand still once more.
"Called who?" He questioned.
'God, why am I acting so desperate?!'
She returning the favor, actually gave Tony a hug. This was very strange coming from someone like Romanoff, but none the less. It was nice. Yet it turned somberly, as he could hear Nat begin to sniffle.
So, the four main bedrooms were given to whoever, besides the master's obviously going to Steve. Bucky wanted the room on the front-left side, but after one look at the creaky, leftover bed frame there. He politely declined and decided to sleep with Sam since his room had 2 beds that were at least in better condition than the one Bucky chose.
He never would've believed, a man, could get him to a state like he was. Especially Steve, and with their argument literally 5 minutes ago, still fresh in his mind.
The trio waited a few more moments, until Steve gave the signal to go. Sam was the first to head down, seemingly sweeping across the container before bringing out the guns. He got a few of the agents before their weapons sent a blast to his right-wing.
'This must be the energy used for the guns.' Steve thought.
That meant that Tony was the only one missing a room. And he sure as hell wasn't sleeping on the sofas with Clint. The man snored in his sleep, really loud sometimes.
"Yes, yes it is." She replied.
"Yeah, yeah it is." Steve kept his eyes on the house, "Do you think it's for rent or at least put on the market?".
"What's going on? Does Fury need us?" Steve said groggily as he sat up in bed.
And that was just one kid, out of the other 5, who all had their fair share of moments with disobeying Steve Rogers. Then again the kids all ranged in ages; Annie being the youngest at 6. So the difference of each perverse decision was very likely.
"Look, I understand you have a duty honey, I just wish you would've told me, is all." She uttered as she held her husband close. Clint really hated not telling her about him going back to Shield for missions. They always kept their relationship, open and honest. Lying on their mattress, Clint and Laura felt like they were dreaming. A dream, Laura didn't want to leave. She would stay asleep for all eternity, just to stay with him. "You know are deal. You can help the world, as long as you come back to me, but not just me, your children too." She uttered.
...".
“No, thank you. I’m alright withstanding.” Steve’s voice kind of croaked a bit. He was really showing that he was nervous.
"Steve... oh my god, where have you two been?! I've been going bonkers over here! I thought you guys were in trouble, or dead, or, or-I just didn't know what happened to you guys. Like, I literally even called..." she stopped herself. Natasha didn't know if she wanted to give them that information, or at least Steve.
"Steve, I think I can say for everyone that if you mention one of your war stories. Everyone will die from boredom than hypothermia." Natasha remarked.
He did notice Tony's speech slurring and breaking up. This definitely concerned him at this point. Even though Cap knew it was only Tony's mind going a mile a minute from the pressure.
It was the truth. Steve could've found an abundance of ways to help the hurting brunette. But he knew, from what happened with their kiss. The only way Tony could've truly laid to rest what happened was letting Steve comfort him. And it needed to be stronger than a kiss.
It wasn't like they could ask a random agent if they knew anything about initiator cores? And they didn't dare ask Hill, as she had more important things to worry about than temperature fluctuations. Maybe they'd find someone at the Ant-Hill? Pym knows a thing or two about the cores. He could help?
Even though a year had passed since Vision and Wanda's first meeting, and a few months since Tony and Steve's quarrel in Germany. Things couldn't be more doused in turmoil than ever. Even with the duo playing a supportive role in the downfall of the Avengers, times needed to change.
Steve now was near the end of the driveway. He seemingly looked around and could see Tony in the window. The burly man sent a kiss his way. The other caught it and smiled softly.
The property as a whole would be about 40,000 dollars in total. Mainly because the house and surrounding property were in a bit of disarray. And since no one has purchased the place since the 1970s.
Surprisingly, no words or jokes were exchanged during the entirety of their situation. They relished in the sounds they were making, and 'dirty talk' would've certainly ruined the mood that they were getting in this moment.
It was unbearably silent. The type of silence that almost drives you mad, with its never-ending existence. It's the silence that is indescribable to anyone but Steve at the moment. He must've still been asleep since the room was also incredibly dark; smelling like whisky and rainwater.
'I am Natasha Romanov, trained spy, and assassin.' She picked up a photo of them a few years ago. It was on the floor near Steve's open bag. Natasha's face grew a smirk.
It dumbfounding the 'winged-soldier' even more with the memory of a few years back. Back at the Brooklyn Diner, when Steve was with him, Happy, and Tony. And he at least ate whatever he had ordered that night, regularly. No fork cutting etiquette of any sort.
That scared him even more! If this was that nightmare, then where was that creature?!
"I... I honestly think it's because... I just don't feel comfortable talking about... you know... sensitive things. Like almost dying." He uttered, "Pepper, Thor, Fury, never made me feel comfortable enough to tell them.".
The 'man out of time' could see Tony's eyes sting with water. His hands were almost shaking, as they tried to hold onto Steve's arms with determination.
"Well, that diner that we just passed?" Tony began, "Well... that's... where me and Cap-Steve, had the brilliant idea to ditch that reunion we had with the other Avengers."
"It's about this 'house hunting' thing. I can't seem to find any that I like. I honestly don't even know if I'm doing it all correctly." Steve explained, "SHIELD picked this place out for me, so I haven't had much experience with this. So, I was wondering if you'd come with me tomorrow and help me.".
Why, you may ask? Well it's simple. Howard was a busy, stressed, man. Always seeking the approval of others, even if it meant losing family time. How Maria and he made it work, all this time, will forever be a mystery to Tony.
However, when Tony saw Steve again, that following year. It was as if their night together, had never even happened. The resentment towards the soldier, right back where it was, 4 years ago.
"Are you really that concerned? Or was this just a nice gesture, just to get in my girlfriend's pants?" Tony joked. Steve scoffed and a smile grew on his face.
Suddenly a door closing upstairs made him twirl around. "Pepper, is that you?" He called. He had hoped that it was his wife. His love, his admiration, his damn... everything! But coming into view, was a casually dressed Steve.
Two people, two men, always arguing, always on opposite sides, were now coming together in the most vulnerable of bonds. Seriously, how did they get to this point?
That is until a certain ringing from the soldier’s pocket quickly caught his and Steve’s attention. It was Natasha.
Not only did half the population disappear, but so did some of the Avengers. The Guardians, Doctor Strange, Bucky Barnes, Sam Wilson, Wanda and Vision, and Peter Parker.
"Sup, Kid! What's goin' on?"
His eyes shot open. He could hear himself grunt as he raised from his bed. Looking around, he could see the slight crack of light from under the door leading out to the hallway. Strangely, that’s honestly all he could see. His stateroom was blurry, and dark. Whilst, Tony felt like a pile of dog shit. But he knew sitting there wouldn't make him feel any better. And honestly, he didn't even want to elaborate on his fever dream.
“What? What is it?”
The other was to stay out of sight. "Keep your profile low. Cover your faces, wear hooded jackets, cover any revealing features." Steve addressed this to them just a month ago. And since then, they've taken their regulations and stayed close by.
Down the hall were some rooms. Each room he passed had the distinct sounds of the many ways to talk. One room was insults mostly, another was compliments. That is until, he stopped in front of his and Pepper's room. The light was on, and water seeped from the doorknob. It was silent on the other side. This slightly unnerved him. He turned the knob, wondering if he should turn back around. 'Too late now' he uttered. He looked inside, it was fine. Nothing was out of place.
"Someone tell me a bar is around here, 'Cause if I don't get a drink, soon. I'm gonna look like the jolly green giant over here!" Tony teased.
Barely missing each, she slid beneath the bearded man, and kicked his feet out from under him. Nat quickly got back on her feet and went to grab one of the weapons. Once in her hands, it felt familiar to her. And that's what scared her the most about them.
“We’re just looking out for you is all.” Steve didn’t want to sound so cautious, but it did.
“Mommy likes my cooking!” Tony said to Morgan as he sat her down.
"Okay, okay." Steve looked away, a little embarrassed, "You don't think it's weird?".
More awkward silence befell them. They had to speak at some point.
Tony just stood there. Smiling ear to ear. Unbeknownst to Steve, he was waiting for the super-soldier to ask if he wanted to dance.
"Oooh! Someone's a little grouchy this morning!" Steve teased.
She would stand there, looking gorgeous as ever; then he'd start getting flustered, and begin to mouth off remarks, and mumble to himself. And right now, that feeling was hitting him like a freight train. Tony actually felt his heart flutter a bit in embarrassment. And with that, he felt his word vomit hit his mouth.
"Oh, Shit! Sorry..." He said while putting a spoon full of butter back on the counter, "Sorry honey, did I wake you?".
"Cap, I'm not pitying you. I'm being honest."
“Our... Our top priority now. Is to help them. They’re the real victims, the real innocents. In really all of this.” She insisted.
"Hey! It was a beautiful, thought-filled gift. Thank you very much!" Tony glared at Clint with every bit of confidence as Steve remembers.
He stood there, looking into Tony's eyes. They seemingly sparkled with content. I guess, he already knew the brunette's answer.
“Steve, are You okay?” Tony smirked.
"No, just the one."
More running ensued, with the duo luckily reaching a back area of the building, just as a few gun blasts were hairs away from them.
"Oh yeah..." Tony uttered, "Party, Drinks, and Sex. So... 'bout the usual.".
With a pep in his step, Steve walked down to the lake, standing idyllically near the edge of Tony's property. The lake itself was glistening against the sun's rays. Its scenic beauty captivating the soldier for a moment. The trees swaying with the wind, alongside the occasional bird tweeting or cicada buzzing in a cacophonous orchestra. It all sounding just as calming as it looked.
"It better taste good. Meat like this, doesn't always come cheap." She joked, yet with a hint of seriousness.
"Steve, your pulling something I would do." She now faced him, smile still stuck to her face, "Trust me, it's not subtle in the slightest.".
Steve, who was barely standing, simply nodded. The wound was surely not a simple nick. The pain that usually can after the adrenaline was certainly there, and it made Steve’s body wither in agony.
"Okay. Well since we'll all freeze to death before help arrives. Does anyone have any... I don't know... good stories to tell?" Tony suggested.
The first thing that both men noticed is how the tone of the landlord's voice seemed when Steve had said that he was interested. His tone seemed nervous but also relieved as well. This made Steve feel a little nervous himself as most of the landlords he's talked to have never had this type of tone. And the soldier has damn near lost count at how many owners he's spoken to. Nevertheless, he agreed to come out there in the hour.
"Okay, that's fine. And I do understand. Like you said, you just got her back. I don't want to take that from you. I'll try and reach Wanda or Vision again, and see if they will respond." She voiced.
The man awoke with a jerk. His eyes opening swiftly with his breathing hitched. Thoughts flooding his mind instantly. As his stomach did somersaults violently, with his whole body feeling as if he suffered some sort of great trauma. It was a severely overwhelming way to wake up, to say the least.
"Okay, you two! No more flirting, you've got plenty of time to do that on your own time. Let's get back to the interrogation." Clint teased.
Tony hadn’t realized that he was starting to stare off. “Hmph, oh yeah. Just thinking about some things.” He stated.
"Cut the shit, Steve. I don't have dumbass written on my forehead. Why did you do it?".
Since the events of The Avengers, Stark industries went through a major overhaul, of new advancements and leadership. In doing so, the Stark Tower had went through significant changes. Each room was given specific enhancements, toward each avenger. However, the Avengers usage of the tower mostly consisted of: learning new missions, studying new science breakthroughs, or just to chill and watch the television. Although recently, Fury and some of his Shield agents having been taking refuge here, since Shield had dismantled after the events of the Winter Soldier. And honestly, Fury was getting real tired of paying hotel bills.
The brunette took a breath and ever-so-slowly made his way to the bathroom. He knew he wasted a lot of time, on that cold floor. So, he dashed to the shower door, knocking a little too vigorously.
"Too shay, Rogers. Too shay." Tony said.
Hope u guys are staying safe! And. At. Home! Hope ur enjoying the story! Be safe, and well!
"I know we don't want to, but... we... need to keep, going. F-For her, at least." Steve said heroically, yet his tone was still somberly.
Sam made his way back to Steve and grabbed a gun. Like Natasha, the gun felt familiar to him, so he was able to figure out how to operate it rather quickly. Even pondering at the fact, on how Hydra was able to create such technology. But then again, it’s Hydra, what do we expect.
Once it was done, Tony sat on the floor, and huffed once more. It finally dawned onto Tony that maybe they didn’t want most people to know where they were. Maybe... just maybe... that they only wanted... Tony... to know where they were. And truth be told, the philanthropist actually felt a little flattered at the idea, of them posing for a photo, for him to see.
He does remember laughing a lot, that's for sure. And then, it had turned serious all of a sudden. The brunette wishes he could remember more, but it's all a blur now.
Steve looked to his companion and eventually obliged. He moved his head down and gave some more soft, stalling, kisses to Tony's neck. The brunette surprisingly brought both his hands down Steve's back, pulling his hips closer.
Tony did a 360 to make sure he wasn't losing it. Pinching himself as well, just in case. It was just way too odd of a situation to be a dream.
Sam began his descent to the ground below, but at least tried to get some agents with the guns still in his hands.
"Remind me why we brought Rapunzel along with us?"
"Alright. You've intrigued me."
Wanda really wanted to say 'yes'. She picked at her food in slight uncertainty.
That was until a knock came at his door. It was Stark. Steve looked a little confused. Their first interactions with each other weren't pleasant or inviting to say the least. So it was a little strange to see him at his door, late at night, nearly 4 hours from where he last saw him, in New York.
"Oh, yes actually, it reminds me... of my father." Tony states.
The 'Black Widow' and super-soldier would found out, that answer, when they returned back to the compound. Just the two of them, as Thor and Bruce would stay in Wakanda for a few days. Feeling that Okoye would need assistance with T'Challa's, or really what was left, kingdom.
"Hey Sam, who's this guy?" He inquired rather bluntly.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm here." Tony got up from his bed and headed to the living area of the mansion. Pepper, who finally forgave him, was still sleeping quietly in the bedroom.
In his playboy days, that's all he did. He'd dance with women, bring them back to his penthouse, have a little fun, and off they went the next morning. And of course, there was Pepper who was always the one picking up his side-pieces. He truly wonders how she fell in love with him. But hey, Tony has an undeniable charm to him, that just makes both women and men fall to their knees. It could give reasoning to why he kissed Steve last night. Steve is essentially Pepper in man form. There both caring, selfless, loving people. And yet, they both can be bitches at times when they need to be.
"I'm sorry. I really am, Nat. But I made a promise to Pepper. I just got her back. I don't want to lose her again." He confessed softly.
"Alright, Dr. Phil. Can we get back to reality now?" Fury honestly didn't care what was going on between the two superheroes.
"So, how did it go? Were you able to figure it out?" Pepper questioned.
"Have you talked with him?" She asked vaguely.
Yet the two had a very pleasant talk about many things. Ranging from the Avengers, Natasha, Bruce's life since the snap, and then, the conversation took a sharp turn to his relationship with a particular person: Tony.
To be more handsy with 'manly' tasks. He wanted to go outside and chop wood, make some modifications to their speedboat, fix up the greenhouse, add some insulation to the third floor. Tony just believed a relationship was like an even playing field. He wanted to be 'the man of the house' just as much as he spent time with the kids.
Tony pretty much, smashed his lips against Steve's. It actually made Steve step back a bit, not from what occurred, but how it occurred. Tony managed, not only, to connect his lips but his nose to Steve's, with a vengeance. They both grabbed their noses in winces of pain.
But in all honesty, Natasha was already completely shell-shocked at that point. Even Steve Rogers couldn't comprehend or even think about any solutions. They had lost. And what a loss that came with it.
Suddenly, a sudden ruckus, from a few shops down, caught their attention. Sam sent one of his drones to scope the situation. If it wasn't urgent, or anything to deal with their lead. Then why risk being caught for a couple of stolen oranges, at a farmers market.
Tony extended his hand for a greeting handshake, then fashionably introduced Steve. The super-soldier feeling a little joyous at hearing Tony speak so fondly of him.
"Fury get you this place?".
Anyways, Hello! I hope u guys are enjoying the story so far! Don’t worry, a few more chapters of character introductions and world building. And then will get into the scary stuff! 😉😌
The door swung open to Tony smiling humiliatingly. His hair slicked to its normal look, with him dawning a simple t-shirt and jeans. "Hey, Cap.".
He took a few steps toward the railing, and then sat down at the discussion table. If he was going to talk to Pepper, it would need to be at least sitting down. In case of a another possible smack to the head, or an insult filled with curses, and anger. Both would hurt him equally. He noticed Pepper and Nat coming back up the stairs with Fury behind them. He felt himself stiffen his posture, pull an employee next to him, and began an awkward conversation with him.
"My feet are absolutely killing me!" Sam didn't really understand, as to why he agreed walking through the woods, and alleyways was a smart choice.
Tina looked to Annie, her eyes fury with rage. She held her hand out, waiting for Annie to give her the doll back.
Steve waited a few minutes before finally looking next to him. Tony was asleep, on his side, facing
“You know, you still never really answered my question back there.” Tony criticized smugly.
“Hey, Steve?” The soldier turned around to see Bucky in the doorway.
Everyone just stared at the aggravated philanthropist. Everyone knew that he was right, including Fury.
Steve looked up, not even realizing he was looking down the entire time. The question came from Tony, of course. "What?".
“Well... a lot of things, actually. Well, one thing in particular.” His voice got lower and lower the more he spoke.
"I do have compassion! But we have orders that need to be followed precisely. And when he's on a mission, I need his headspace clear. Along with those lips of his.".
"The ship. Does it have a name? I mean, every ship/boat has a name." Tony wondered. His tone full of honesty and intrigue.
Howard Stark, a man with high standards, class A+ parenting, and one of the greatest CEO of Stark Industries ever! I really hope you could hear the sarcasm in that statement.
"Sure thing, beef-cakes." Tony joked. He then, boosted himself up and down Park Ave. The group then began the trek up West, 42nd street to find anyone. They were successful in finding a couple trapped in a car by a falling piece of concrete. But that wasn't it. Bruce suddenly could hear a small cry somewhere.
They stood a few yards away from the shelter, and at least were occupied in listening to a man on a podium. Yelling all in Russian, probably convincing them that they’ll take over the world, blah, blah, blah. ‘Seriously, don’t they get tired from these speeches?’ The super-soldier thought.
Wanda quickly unwrapped herself from her new lover and sat her stew onto a colder surface. Turning off the stove, she prepared the food and set it on the kitchen table.
"What about the people in New York?" Steve questioned. Fury was about to answer until finally Tony spoke up.
Continuing his symphony of moans, Tony could still feel that tear on his cheek. That simple tear, just stayed in that specific spot, and glistened in the light of the fireplace. Why it didn't move, was just as baffling as this whole situation. Did it mean something? Steve noticed it too, but kept his attention on loving Tony.
From what Steve could see, the front door swung idly, in the darkness that it was enveloped in. 'I guess I won't be needing that spare key.' Steve jokingly thought.
When Fury contacted him about their new mission. He'll admit, he was very hesitant on doing it. In all honesty, Steve wished he never bought that phone. He could've blamed it on his 'Old Guy' personality.
"It smells good." He told her, giving off a warm smile.
The two men just continued shooting to the crate. Cracks, and holes began to shrivel Nat's hiding spot.
Fury's response made Thor's blood run cold. It was his first hearing of Hydra. Truth be told, he actually thought Hydra was an actual snake. A monster like the ones he's seen on Asgard. A devouring angel of death. Yet when he learned that it was an organization instead, it made him feel a bit more at ease. But any little threat to Thor, is still a threat.
today. On the Helicarrier." Tony finally looked at Steve. His expression was so vulnerable that it made Steve actually feel pity for the man.
Tony jumped in front of him to save his life. The 'why' could've been something simple as 'that's what friends are for'. But it wasn't that simple. It never was with Tony Stark at the helm.
"Strategy. If we can try to knock out these agents, then the huge container thing, can be for later." Steve answered hesitantly.
The creature’s finger was centimeters from Steve’s face. Another black substance, amongst the emitting fog, began to seep from the inside of the cloth itself, and running down the length of the hand and finger, dropping its disgusting ooze near Steve’s legs.
"You okay?" He asked cautiously. His tone deep and low, yet still soft.
“Rogers, where the hell do you think you're going?” Sam protested. His friend just shushed him, and they continued their trek down the tunnel.
Howard of course, was always careful with his words when around Tony. You know, the usual: get your head straight, you should be more honest than that, what are you doing with your life; truly, the normal things you say to a 10-year-old who broke a toy.
"I just had some sleep issues, you know the usual. And I thought I'd try to and do something to keep my mind off it.".
"2 things Rogers! One, are you having an affair with Pepper?!".
Sam's rage disappeared instantly. He grabbed the gun and flew to his friend. Trips, stumbles, and near falls, befell his path to defend his companion.
"Okay. Just don't say anything to my boss or I'll get fired." She argued.
Steve suddenly smirked as the awkwardness between the two gave him some nostalgic memories. One in particular hit his brain as if it was placed there. He glanced over at Tony, who now was awkwardly sucking on his straw.
"Aye, aye, Captain." The girls smiled and then ran to the back door. Disappearing from Steve's viewpoint.
Some friendship bonding! One more chapter before we jump ahead 4 years, and into the Endgame! Hope ur guys ready for it!
"Does this ship have a name?"
Sure, most people could do this in a heartbeat and not feel a thing. However, this wasn't something Steve would usually do, or ever cared about doing in the first place. He's always looked out for other people's desires and hopes, never for himself. Yet, now that he's being put in a position where he has to make these decisions based on his desires. It was wrong to him.
They fled to the front entrance and opened the door to the empty compound, that was once teeming with life. The front door creaking with every agonizing echo following the sound.
"Jesus, I didn't think Steve missed the ice this much?!" Tony huffed.
"I mean, I know we met before. But it's just nice to actually talk to you without the world ending and such." Peter began to fumble with his jacket.
It fell silent between the two. The only sound being the birds chirping in the morning light. And the wind slightly howling across the trees. Then, Pepper sighed and continued the conversation.
"Dammit, Steve! Couldn't have warned me about this?!" Tony smiled.
But he knew of the conversations that needed to happen today. Otherwise, Tony would go mad with ambiguity.
"I know the feeling." She continued.
“Nope. Might as well get used to it.” He stated with a smirk.
"Tony? I'm here!" He shouted.
(See the end of the chapter for
"But Steve! It's
"Okay, I'm heading on a manhunt for Romeo and Juliet, anyone want to join?" She announced.
"Well, I thought... Since we don't know much about each other. I guess the first thing to know about me, is where I grew up.".
The car grew silent again. The utter thought of someone, that being one of the Avengers, had killed someone, left the trio terrified and confused. Sitting sheepishly, Clint and Nat tried to boggle their brains on what his statement meant. The Avengers never had killed anyone. Or at least from their own memories.
"Grab them!" Sam yelled as his attention was toward the agents now in the hallway next to them.
"Alright then." He answered.
Later that morning, Tony did arrive around 11. With Sam & Bucky joining just a little after 11:30. The men then grabbed the, ten or so, boxes of Steve's things and hauled them into the back of the trucks.
And with the team's luck, more agents began coming into the room from the catwalks. Their footsteps cascading down the steps with quick agility.
But with that question, his mind shot him back to their situation in the farmers market. Steve honestly felt a bit of annoyance by it. He wanted to stay in his mind, in his thoughts. His thoughts toward Siberia, toward Tony Stark.
"Leave the group? Vision we can't. I mean... where would even go?"
Especially the kid. Peter was too young. His life hadn’t even started yet. That was the true wretched nature of that day. The innocents, the young, all wiped from existence.
"But it's true. It's so damn true! If me and Tony could've put our differences aside, then, then..." Steve trailed off. Tears began to fill his eyes, before falling down his cheeks.
'But it's done now. I'm here now. I have... this!' She insistently thought. She ringed her fingers over and over, again until it began to become uncomfortable. She needed to clear her head, and so she fast walked out of her stateroom and out onto the ship's massive landing deck. It felt nice to be outside again. Being cramped up in the ship while airborne, is too much of a annoyance. She relinquished in the sun's rays and the warmth. Her dying action just to run around and spin like hippie in the sunset was surely growing. But her plan was cutoff from a hand on her shoulder. It was Tony.
The blonde was 'home' when he heard a knock on the door. He set his book down and opened the door. Mostly expecting to see Fury, or maybe even Wanda's face. Yet, there stood Clint, Bruce (slightly hunching over just to see the soldier), and even Tony, all smiling like little children.
"Tony, would have field day with this!" Steve expressed.
Her twisted innuendo was 'savage' to say the least. But Tony and Steve knew they deserved it.
"I just had an idea." Steve revealed.
Steve looked to his feet. Questioning the decision, over and over again. "I... I don't know guys. I'm incredibly grateful that you've come all this way to help me out. But I still want to be where the fight needs me. Just not as Captain America anymore."
The orange-haired teen looked to the soldier. It wasn't a happy expression, nor was it a 'go-to hell' one. But he was just happy that he could finally put a name to a face. The blonde even noticed that she had freckles all along her forehead, nose, and cheeks.
"Then I'm accountable for all of it," Steve confessed.
But Peter couldn't help it. He just learned of another altercation that Mr. Stark and Captain America had had. And from what he had just heard, from Mr. Stark, it was seriously messed up.
"Where are you going?" Tony asked. A hint of hurt in his voice.
Once Steve had noticed Kamala heading his way, the super-soldier softly smiled with happiness. His cheeks blushing with embarrassment, as he had noticed the other women around Kamala were looking his way, lustfully.
Steve needed some type of purpose in his life again. He hadn't done much of anything since the compound scrimmage. Minus the few errands the soldier had done with Maria and Nick for a few months; cleaning up leftover messes from Hydra's involvement with SHIELD.
Which only confused Tony even more now. Why was he smiling? What was the 'not that simple' bullshit? Seriously, what the hell was going on?
But when Kamala looked at Tony's outfit. She laughed a little in response.
"Cause, I got the Avengers sittin in the back of my car." His thick Boston accent propelled the Avenger's name. However, a hint of sarcasm was in his tone.
As the philanthropist approached the lonely man, Steve almost beamed with happiness. "You just missed our little Christmas get together." He stated.
The men introduce themselves and for the first time, to both their surprise, the woman doesn't look starstruck. To Steve, that was relieving, and it made this venture for a new settlement seem more interesting.
The girls just stared at the blonde, waiting for his response. Truthfully, Steve thought nothing of it. But even though everyone thinks that he's dumber than a pile of rocks, doesn't mean he is. And just because he has no idea of how kids act nowadays, doesn't mean he was gullible either.
"I'm not scared. I just... I..." he sighed, "It's complicated.".
"What... Oh no?! I'm finding this little trip a little intriguing. I was just thinking about... something." Tony lied.
Vision of course, objected to it and admirably took the plates from her hands. She gave him a peck on the cheek, and he continued his route to the sink. She did ask if he wanted help with the cleanup, but he softly declined, saying that she was worthy of night off.
Steven Grant Rogers, the man who always strived to have a purpose in life. Whether that was fighting in war, building a family, protecting friends, or aiding those in need. The super-soldier always found a way to feel needed. But now, after all this time, he has...
"I was going off of emotions. He was... spiraling out of control, and I thought that would calm him down." He whispered persistently.
"Tony... why? Why would you do that?!" Steve interrupted. His eyes dark, puffy, and seething with rage.
Yet that's what Tony did. He hid for five years, and lived the life he wanted. He had Pepper, he had Morgan. He even bought a house in the outskirts, and if needed, he had security.
Steve nodded, and the other two left to the kitchen for something other than Steve's choice of breakfast. The super-soldier laid there for a few more moments, before picking himself up and heading back to his room. He wasn't really hungry anyway.
2.5 bedrooms, 2 bath, 1,500 sq ft. in total, and it even had a swimming pool! Neighbors were a few feet away on either side, and the mortgage seemed affordable enough, for Steve at least. Truthfully, the super-soldier was excited to see it even if he hadn't heard the necessities.
"Uh, Yea. I think they were here earlier, but I believe they left a few minutes ago." He responded.
"Son of a Bitch!" Tony cursed.
Steve was mostly the reason they were out here in the first place. Even though she took his side, Nat still felt torn, and even a little disappointed. It didn’t need to go down the way it did, but it did.
"Now take your old ass to bed. Us 'whipper snappers' will keep it down so you can rest." Bucky teased.
Nat and Clint looked at each other confusingly, but they were tired. If Tony didn't want to confess, that's his problem. But it still concerned Nat mostly. She was beginning to like Steve. And even though he hasn't made a huge impact on her life. She could see his and Tony's mistake growing into something more promiscuous.
A pillow was thrown at him, knocking him back to their reality. Steve looking at him challengingly.
"Alright, Alright! Don't lose your panties now!" Tony smugly smiled.
"You didn't break my marriage, Steve. If I knew that, I would've told you to fuck off. But deep down, when you told me about your kiss. I was able to piece everything together.".
Come to think of it, she never did her humming by the lake that much. Which is why she feels so blindsided at Tony’s weird behavior.
"I know. I should've told you guys about it. But you two were busy, and I didn't want to put personal issues on you guys as well. Especially with everything that's happened." Steve specified.
Steve could tell he was not taking this well. Not that he didn't find this a bit funny, he was just worried of Tony's mental state, and what others would think, mostly Pepper.
"And honestly, If anyone was to have sex with my husband, I'd at least want it to be someone that I could trust." She added.
"Ah yes..." Thor says amused. He looks at Tony again, and can see a different expression. One that Thor is all too familiar with. "You seem hesitant to speak of him.".
Tony eventually laughed once he realized what his dirty mind was piecing together. And boy, did he wish his mind wasn't so creative and elaborative.
Steve just stood at the edge of the dock completely dumbfounded at the prospect of this discovery! How they never noticed it before is beyond Steve.
For real, I need to be more punctual when it comes to my posting… 😳
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony and Steve were metaphorically and literally screwed.
Tony's eyebrow raised, along with an average expression placed on his face. "You and Kamala have been spending way too much time together.".
Regardless, Steve did enjoy it, at points. Even though their situation was seriously f-ed up. But their coincidental luck seemed to return, as the two men saw a nearby gas station; as they had finally reached the tree line.
Pepper really tried to defend them. But each time she did, it made her feel even more worse. How could she let Steve do that? Why would she even allow it?
The house, Tony, his little message for him, the family photos on the wall, the soup. Everything just felt so unrealistic to the soldier. He wasn’t at Tony’s house, he was having one of those misleading, horrifyingly realistic, dreams. ‘But at least a good dream.’ Steve thought.
"Tony... Tony... Are you there?" Natasha asked persistently.
He can see now why Tony had bought this place. Especially after they had lost to Thanos that first time. This place was the best place to get away from the harsh life of the city.
And with that, Steve & Tony could hear the familiar revving of an engine. As a 1970s red Chevrolet drove into the property. Clear indentions in the passenger door and scratches along the front hood of the car gave the impression to the men that this fellow has had this vehicle for a long while.
my friend aren’t you?!”.
It's short. I know, it’s meant to be short. The next one will be longer, and more dialogue driven. ‘Cause we finally get some Sam and Steve friendship time! Yay! And yes their conversations are about Tony.
Wanda thanked him and headed off to her room. Walking into the neatly tucked bedroom, with a tiny tv on a nearby desk, a small queen size bed, and two bookshelves sitting poised on both sides, she sat quietly at the foot of her bed.
As the two men continued the exploration of each other's mouths, Tony had already started to shift hands to Steve's neck, back, chest, even his navel. The soldier began to giggle and gently grabbed the philanthropist's hands. "Not yet.".
Yes the Accords were pretty straightforward, and Steve didn’t like the idea of being tied down for government regulations. But this war was personal. Personal on a level, that Nat desperately wanted to know why, as did Wanda.
She huffed in annoyance. Laying her body down on the bed, she still kept to her thoughts. "What do I do?! What do I do?!" She yelled. Not caring of any who could hear her. 'Maybe... Tony?' The thought flashed in her mind. Giving her a quick way to decline it.
Steve got up from the couch and tried to look to Tony's face. That face that had sent shivers up the soldier's spine. He wanted to see him again. He wanted to see Tony at his most comforted. A feeling he, Steve Rogers, gave him.
Tony’s expression changed to a pitiful one. “Sorry.".
But once the joking subsided for a bit, the trio looked to their surroundings. Even though, all three of them have been in Manhattan many times. Just seeing it at night is truly such a beautiful thing to witness.
So that morning, the super-soldier had to go through his contacts and call any who he knew that could be willing to help. He wasn't even shocked at how many ended up saying 'yes'.
Otherwise, the two kept to themselves. Which is what the super-soldier expected to begin with.
Nat eventually tried to throw some of her own promiscuous innuendos to relive said awkwardness. But it wasn't enough to tame it. They sadly weren’t as strong as the other twos. Clint and Maria would, again, laugh along to them but the driver just stayed silent. Something was seriously off with him. He strangely seemed okay in the beginning of the ride, but now his demeanor grew cold and distant. 'Bi-polar maybe? No that's jumping to conclusions. Maybe he's just going through some shit?' Clint thought. He felt a little concerned. So to break the ice, he took a leap of faith.
Steve moved back over to the playroom and continued cleaning up. That is until he heard a commotion from the living room. It was Annie & Tina again.
Nevertheless, Cindy still came by to see her sister as much as possible. But even then, it still seemed as if Ziggy was a burden on her. Which Cindy denies constantly, but it never made the feeling go away.
"Your no fun!" Tony whined against Steve's mouth.
"I don't see how that's a big deal?" Tony amused, "I... just noticed how down he was today. How tired he was. And I just wanted to help him out, by hurrying up with Fury's lecture so he could catch some Z's.".
"Like I said earlier today... funny things." Tony assented, as he pointed to him.
"I-I'm so sorry... Steve I, " Tony garbled his words.
Tony scooted over to Steve's chest and rested his head beneath Steve's chin. The philanthropist falling asleep rather quickly, with the soldier not too far behind him.
Steve completely missed the question. He was still looking at the philanthropist and trying to spot the differences. Which was stupid on his part, since he could barely see anything. The only illumination coming from the lights in the kitchen.
And after yesterday, he was ready to move on to another chapter in his life, Shield, or more so, The Avengers. Although his time in the new era had been rough. Shield may be the one thing that keeps him grounded.
"I can get some... whatever you call it, stuff. And if you want me to grab a condom... that's fine too." Steve looked beyond them, to see any drawers around. None in sight. Literally doing full 180's, he was on the verge of just un-connecting from Tony, and running around in the nude.
And that’s all Peter wanted most. For his life to not be so complicated. Having to hide his identity from Aunt May, keeping it from his friends, and yet at the same time, wanting to impress his idol; was truly so much for just a teenager.
Richard then, brought the two towards the left side of the home, entering the living room. It was just...
The compound scrimmage was truly one for the history books. And in the end, it was all worth it. Was it though? Natasha was gone, Tony lost most of his right arm, and the world's population had increased uncontrollably.
Enjoy! ❤️💖
He rose into a sitting position. Stretching his arms slowly, while trying to remember the night before. Then it came to him, as if he was struck in the head by a blunt object.
"Knock Boots? Really?! I would've preferred 'bump uglies' but I guess yours works too!" Tony shouted.
Tony just kept moving his eyes from his wringing hands back to Steve's face. 'Steve isn't budging! Dammit, I'm going to have to say something!' Tony thought aggravatingly. He took a breath, and off he went.
This morning, however, was different. Intimate would be the most accurate word to describe it. Unbelievable would've been another. How could a Christmas party, of all things, be the driving force for Steve and Tony to finally have sex?
Bruce was wearing a regular vest with an emerald shirt underneath. Black pants and shoes to finish the look. He was also a fan of not going too deep with the 'dressing up' formality.
"You didn't hear it from me. But I think I saw them get close to each other, like real close." She stated, "Then they just smirked at each other before leaving rather quickly. I honestly didn't think Tony Stark, or Captain America were a bit 'light on their toes'.".
"Yes, it is." Annalise gazed over at Steve's glum-filled look, "Um- Let me show you two the living room first.".
Natasha has let these insults beat her up mercilessly from the safety of her subconscious. Which is why, after a few hours, she finally uttered a sentence to her companion. "What are we going to do, Steve?". Her voice barely giving off any strength.
"Tony, I'm telling you, I was just as surprised as you are. I asked why she would even consider agreeing to something like that?!" Steve explained, but would be cut off by an annoyed Tony, "You're her husband, you guys have a child. So clearly the interc-".
Yet this time Steve stuck to his word. They did have good news.
"How What? Come on Steve, you have to speak to me." Tony once again took his hand to the soldier's face. His cheeks were wet and hot.
"Tony?" Steve's tone now seemed scared.
"Who is this RAP-Punzel you speak of?" Thor questioned, which sent the team into giggles and laughter. This awoke Steve, into a mild confused state.
"T... Tony. I called Tony to see if he could help." She uttered. Still feeling the pain of his rejection.
However, this nightmare was different from the usual one he has of the ice. Nope, no freezing ice for him to scream and claw his way out of. This dream was of him and a man sitting at a table. Everything around the two being nothing but a black void, with only a singular light source above them. The man sitting across from him wore 1930s clothing, dirty and tattered at best. Yet, this man seemed vaguely familiar to Steve. Unfortunately, he was slumped over so the soldier couldn't see the person's face.
So it didn't surprise the super-soldier when he had gone through the homeless shelters, in that area, to find Mr. Parker at one of these places. He later explained that it was for volunteer work. And the two finally got acquainted for once, sharing the usual greeting formalities. That is until Peter began to babble profusely, to which, Steve found amusing.
The brunette laughed, and he and Natasha began to talk about Kamala. “She’s a natural, that kid. I just hope she knows that we’re here to talk to if she needs us.”
He also knew that this is probably Tony's first with a man, this way. So he really wanted to make it as special as possible, also considering the fact that this would be the only time it would occur.
He was heading up to the house, very slowly. Each step feeling long and drawn. Basically, his ankles felt like 100-pound weights is what I’m getting at.
"Oh, I’m Sorry. But, I mean, can you really blame me?".
He swore up and down to Steve, once they came back to the apartment, that it looked like a weapon. And not surprisingly, Steve believed him. Even though he didn't want to.
This time, I have no excuse! Yes it's short, and yes it's a day late. But I promise things we’ll get better. One more chapter of Tony, and then for a while; Steve, Nat, and Sam’s experience during this time will be focused upon. Stay safe!
Kamala swore that she could hear a bit of defense in his tone. But she didn't want to look into it, yet.
The soldier rushed over to it and started dialing Natasha's number. Thanking himself profusely that he at least knew it. And even for a man from the 40s, it really made him feel old, when the attendant made it sound like this phone was ancient. When in reality, it was only a decade old.
"See this is where I would. But not today. Oh no, I far from obeying your orders right now."
Steve chuckled a little, "Well James, I hope your handwriting is legible.".
"Oh my God, your one of the Avengers!" The young man shouted.
Again, he wondered at how easy it was to tell Steve these things. Especially this story. He hadn't even told Pepper, or Rhodey, how much he was telling Steve.
"Yeah! You never know who you would run into. And maybe I wanted to smell nice for our very overdue get-together today." Tony curved another smile that sent Steve's heartbeat into an irregular rhythm.
"Oh Yeah, I just misplaced my cologne and was ransacking the place for it." Tony now turned around and locked the door behind him.
"I am." Steve gave a humorous smile, and stood up to throw his plate away.
“Yeah, I know on my left! Are you ever gonna give that up?”.
"Huh? I guess I never thought about it either." Tony disclosed.
Waking up to see Steve's azure eyes was enough. Spending time with his kids was enough. Being able to just...
Oh, how he missed it dearly. He swears he could go on and on, about how he missed being 'Iron-Man'. Not just Tony Stark, retired veteran.
"Him?" Now Steve shared a similar grin.
Steve, Natasha, Tony, and Kamala, were all in attendance. Bruce, Thor, and Kate took their knowledge aboard a Quinjet and off to Sub Station Zero. Hopefully to... they know not what.
“He went out to his little group thing earlier. But He should’ve been back an hour ago. So I don’t really know.”.
, no longer felt like a question.
Turning herself around, she could see that, she, was the only soul in there. Pepper grew confused for a moment. Tony is usually not up before her.
He looked over to Tony. Sleeping peacefully just a few feet from him. It made the soldier's heart flutter for a minute.
"I know, man. But, we also never dealt with these types of weapons either." Sam added.
Steve chuckled and looked around before parking the car nearby. The team exited, and carefully trekked to the dark building beyond them.
Wanda especially was fond of the idea. Since her break out of the Raft, Steve and the two dispersed up north, and of course, out of the country. Once they were far enough they separated, but under a set of rules. If they were to head out somewhere, they were going to have to be near him, Sam, or Natasha. That was the major one to follow.
The sunlight, of the crisp, cold morning, poured itself drearily into Captain America's quarters. Shining rays of pink, glimmering against the metallic/cloth-like surfaces of Steve's armor. Sitting quietly in its glass container.
The philanthropist left and that was it. Steve recalls the night from time to time. As it was a reminder of how he & Tony have evolved, especially after Thanos.
"It's fine, Pepper. I wanted to." Tony's smile began to fade. But still seemed lightheartedly invested in his cooking skills.
"Oh yea, I am. I'm so happy, that I have the people who killed my daughter in the back seat of my car." He croaked on that last piece of information.
Tony chuckled, but really didn't want to continue talking about the subject. Not that it wasn't the truth, but he was starting to feel strange. No not strange... familiar? He recognized this feeling. It was the same feeling he would have, when he talked to Pepper.
"It's my fault." Steve didn't even lookup. His eyes glaring into the glass table before the two.
Steve suddenly thought he was dreaming. Was he back in the ’40s again? Did he somehow turn back time and come back to the life he once knew? Or was everything with the Avengers, with Natasha, Sam, and Bucky, with Tony... all a realistic dream.
"I-uhh... that serum... definitely worked. And yes... hurts... A lot!" Tony answers with some more satire humorous responses.
And after being lost in space for about a month, Tony was brought back to Earth, with one of the remaining Guardians, known as Nebula.
He huffed in frustration and put the phone on the table. Before taking a sharp breath, and began to rip the board down, and taking the photos off of it. He then, unpinned the ropes, and ripped the printed number to shreds, before taking the pieces and putting them in a pile together.
Natasha felt a chuckle come up, but held it, out of respect. Even though it was a typical disguise, she gave Wanda some points for creativity and authenticity.
Yet all of those feelings completely vanished, with Steve almost holding his breath in anticipation. He could see the farmhouse appear from the enclosed tree line.
But never the less, he answered, and hesitantly agreed. He really feared that it could be Hydra again. Which to his dismay, it was. Ignoring his fears though, he was a tiny bit excited to see the group again, even Tony.
The young man brushed it off with a chuckle. But the trio were not laughing. In fact, Clint felt an 'Oh Shit' leave his lips as they left the diner. If some random people at a diner could see their promiscuous behavior, what does that mean for them? But most importantly, what does that mean for Pepper and Tony?
In the last few weeks, Tony was able to mend his relationship with Pepper. But was put on probation by her. Which pretty much consisted of one thing. Iron Man would be temporarily put out of service.
Meanwhile, Steve, Clint, and Bruce tried their best to lift the large piece of concrete. Nothing. Bruce could see the trickle of blood start to flow from underneath. Clint suddenly, spiraled around to find something to leverage it. He luckily found a piece of iron from the glass panes, on the other side of the room.
"Well, I—uh, heard it from Mr. Stark. But he said that he heard it from someone else." Peter recited, "I think he said the guy is a friend of yours. But I didn't know, that
Clint held her closely to help stop her tears flow. He looked to her and slowly got her to a more composed self. Usually she's more reserved in showing emotions, but this situation was different. Clint took his sights toward Maria, who seemed utterly pissed at the driver. She was far from being cordial, and wasn't going to let some random man, no matter of the reason, talk down to earth's greatest defenders as if they were the Chitauri or Loki himself. But she also knew he was hurting. And so, her response went a little something like this.
But, it was some damn good news. News that the Avengers have been wanting for 5 years now. But that's a story for another day.
Hulk's eyes however, suddenly bulged. He swung his hand away, while the other slammed against her side. She flew into the air, eventually landing into a nearby locker room. Knocking all the breath out of her, she laid with her vision becoming blurry. Hulk eventually calmed himself, albeit 30 minutes later. While Nat laid unconscious, and still. Although breathing softly, she looked incredibly rough. Bruce would rush over to her, feeling for a pulse; there was one. He sighed in relief, yet felt utterly confused as to why it failed. It was their first time trying the hand on the fist; so that must've been it. Once he evaluated his situation, his gaze came back to her.
If they weren't being stared at before. They were now. Coincidentally, Steve could hear Kamala's giggling amongst the now silence in the room.
"Your hair's getting long," Tony announced softly. Grabbing the little edges of Steve's hair.
“Well, what happened to them afterward?” Wanda asked curiously. She was really. It honestly kind of dumbfounded her that they could’ve been an item. But hey, who was she to judge? Seriously she’s currently in love with a reanimated robot. That’s a beautiful table topic.
“We weren’t prepared enough. And, we didn’t have... everyone.”.
It was 7:30. The sun was disappearing beyond the horizon. Leaving a dark pink/blue hue to the sky above. The day already was leaving the team. And to them, their day seriously flew by.
"Didn't see that coming, huh?!" She responded pridefully.
"Okay, thanks Rosetta Stone... let me intervene." Sam stated before giving his demand.
He finally moved from his spot at the war table to stand behind Tony for whatever reason.
Yet, as Tony stood next to him. This type of worry felt somewhat personal. He kept his gaze on the soldier's icy, azure eyes.
"Steve! Sam! Do you copy!" She screamed.
Steve and Tony, or really any of the Avengers would not speak to each other for a while. Their kiss would become a distant memory, that eventually turned into a forgotten story. It wasn't until 2 years after-the-fact, that Fury and Maria would need them again, that they would see each other again. And that's when the real trouble began.
He gazed upon the team's amused faces, and Steve's soft smile. Tony felt his heart flutter again, in which, he proceeded to look down at the table. Who would've thought that the first thing he discusses today, would be about comfort. And right now, Tony's comfort was looking at him with an appreciative smile.
Still looking to the crowd, they had no idea that Steve had returned. And yes, he heard it all. The sudden sensation of guilt and ridicule was overwhelming him.
A few more sparks, but still nothing. The man was closer to the car. His shouting getting angrier. Sam’s yelling getting more agitated.
"Okay, then... why are you acting so strange?" Steve crossed his arms, and leaned his body on a nearby table.
"Honestly... I agree with you, for once." Tony stated.
Tony peered into the room and could see the soldier sitting on the edge of his bed, sulking. No lights were on, besides a tiny lamp in the far corner. It finally hitting the philanthropist that Steve trashed his room.
Steve continually passed several nicely looking parks, before crossing onto the Williamsburg Bridge, the latter being the confirmation for Tony.
"Alright then, Tony Stark. Would you mind to have a dance with me?" He stated.
Steve finally felt tired for once. And so he too took the appropriate amount of clothing before heading to sleep as well. The exhaustion of these last few days starting to weigh on him.
"Ha, Ha, No. Didn't Pepper tell you that I actually have a heart.".
He checked his watch for the sixth time and huffed a little in annoyance. 'Where the hell is Steve?'.
Steve stood silently. His mind went to so many things, so many memories, so quickly. He wanted to say, 'How is he?'. But his actual response was, "What'd he say?" with his tone being authoritative.
Eventually, the two got up all together and headed into the master bath to wash up. Tony was swiftly brushing his teeth, while Steve was in the shower. When, the pitter-patter of feet came from the floor above, eventually leading to the staircase.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony smiles at that, and stares toward the Stark tower, which has seen better days. "Well, since my penthouse is kinda... Pfft," He joked, while motioning a house of cards falling, "Does anyone have Fury's number on speed dial?".
Once there breathing slowed, Steve lifted himself off of Tony. The sweating between the two was unimaginable. Like they just walked through the Amazon, unimaginable. He finally unconnected from Tony, with a whine from him, and the two slumped into the floor.
Tony. He knew Natasha told Sam about their ‘situation’. And honestly, he’s kind of glad she did. It was weighing on him, that he didn’t know the real reason why Siberia’s events were so much more personal.
Sadly, Steve's odds were met, when a shot blast sent him sprawling onto the ground. With a bloody wreckage near his abdomen, ever so present. Sam tended to his friend and picked him up quickly.
Steve's pace now intensified. With the brunette now in such a dazed feeling, he didn't know what to do anymore. The blonde was using two methods of pleasure... for Tony... and only Tony.
Bruce gave him an unimpressed look. Him, being in hulk form adding to the intimidation of the expression. "Good? Come on, Steve. I mean, I know you guys weren't on the best of terms when I was gone, but that can't be all.".
"But you still could've called Steve. I know we haven't had much time to catch back up, but we do now. Plus, I heard that you apparently have had this thing for Stark?".
“Yes, I’m fine. Jeez, I swear between you and Pepper. I might go insane.” He added.
Therefore, for the next few months, the soldier decided that any room with a piece of furniture that wasn’t his or just recently bought would just be left alone for the time being. Till' he could at least figure out what to do with 5 beds, a freakin chalkboard, and a rocking chair; of all things. Maybe Steve could finally give in to his old age and actually use the chair. He was 105 after all.
"Yeah, that is nice!" Steve chuckled, "So is there anything you need? Anything I can help with?".
Tony rolled over to his side, facing Steve. "What are you doing?"
The two waited for the man to walk out of their line of sight. To which, he did. That was their indication to head into the, surprisingly unlocked, car.
Another set of footsteps caught his attention, returning to reality. It was Jenny & Ziggy. They were coming from the laundry room and were just about to head outside from the screened-in back porch.
“I know what we should do!” She yelled.
Wanting to give more passion to an already sleazy situation, Steve broke his fast-paced rhythm, and dramatically slowed down to the soft thrusts from before. Whilst taking his hand away from Tony's member, and brought it to the brunette's face. Rubbing his skin so tenderly and beautifully. In turn, slowed down Tony's urge to climax, and rose the longevity of his moans.
What happened? Did they not completely resolve their issues?
Annie said nothing. Her face scrunched up into a sour expression.
"We fight. We destroy any weapons left. And keep all weapons from leaving the dock." Steve stated.
"What the hell happened?! God, what I'd give for a pillow right now!" He wisecracked.
It was this same sensation that hit both Tony and Peter in the limo ride home. They both knew of their real feelings about the situation. But it honestly was easier to lie, to say that everything will go back to normal.
"Well, you didn't need to. You shouldn't view yourself in such a self-righteous way." Steve laid a hand on the brunet's elbow.
And honestly he wish he didn't. 'Cause as she told her side, it brought back all those emotions with it. Steve shifted his body, on the hard bed, and stared off into the window. Letting Natasha's words, give him nostalgic memories to play in his subconscious.
He then looked to the super-soldier, who was still breathing heavily. "Your trembling, buddy."
Steve could see Tony's uncomfortableness as if he wasn't even trying to hide it at this point. He really wanted to talk about Siberia. It's been 8 years now, if anytime was necessary to talk about it, it should be now. Yet, he nodded along hoping that their conversation about their past would be soon.
Back in his war days, he never wanted to see the level of death of destruction he had witnessed. But he did, and it truly changed him and his knowledge of the world. And 2012's New York surely topped that cake. The others noticed his strange behavior, mostly Tony. 'Dammit he's having a me moment.' He thought. Nat walked up to the Iron Man, and told him to talk to Steve.
Steve exited the room. But not before placing another kiss on Tony's forehead. Leaving the philanthropist alone and cold once more.
“I know. I tell him all the time that we’re fine. And that there’s nothing he could’ve done. But when I have ‘my days’ I try to stay away from him as much as possible.”
Sorry for the long wait for such a short chapter. Hopefully it makes up for it!
"Hello, Kamala."
"So... What are you doing here?”. The first question was genuine. But the rest was for Tony’s comedic moments, so that it would ease some of the awkward tension, “How did you find me? Have you been stalking me?” Tony quipped again.
A sudden shot of pain from his chest giving him his answer.
He hadn't seen it in a year's time. It still had that same blanket that he remembers falling off when he went to grab Tony's-
Steve just gave his friend an annoying glance, before realizing that the hydra agent had stopped talking. Come to think of it, everything seemed to stop. The super-soldier really didn't want to look beyond that stupid bush. But there his eyes went, against his mouthing protests.
"She did, however, tell me that she planned to take Morgan out tonight, and you'd be here, alone. And then that was it. She just softly smiled and took Morgan with her." Steve replied softly.
"Tony. That's not important right now." She vocalized again, voice breaking and cracking. "They're gone. I don't know where they went. We were following a lead with Hydra, and now Steve and Sam are missing."
Steve was breathing a little more heavily now. His heart was racing. Palms were now drenched in sweat. “Tony... I... I wanted to... um...”.
Tony really couldn't understand what drew him to Steve. Why, their friendship was so brittle yet still so strong. Why, they didn’t try and see things on the same page.
Nat knew she was thinking, so she used this time to consider what she would do as well. Her’s were a bit more complicated though.
They stood silent for a moment. Waiting to hear a crack in the wood, or any sound of eavesdropping. No sound occurred.
He excused himself from their 'couple's roast' and began to grab his things. Once all packed and ready, he was heading to the door, when Tony and Pepper intervened.
The two took their antics outside, till they were standing by Steve's car. Tony took a look to it, letting his engineer mindset take over.
Nonetheless, each reality would be heartbreaking. He would be losing something or really someone if he picked the one that he wanted to return too. All of this was Steve Rogers’ mindset right now.
Sam and Happy waved goodbye and headed to the tower. Snickering like two kids leaving their parents house to a big-boy party.
"Well being a nurse, and being a soldier are two very different things. If they turn you down. Don't give up, keep at it. Keep at them, till smoke bellows out there ears.".
Maria and Clint raised their hands, once their brains connected the dots of Natasha’s obvious reference, as the others just stared in confusion. Nat smiles in response and the gang headed into the elevator. Once the doors closed, Clint made it apparent that he and Nat had the same mindset.
"Well, thank you for your honesty." Steve finished.
"It was also about... about us." Steve was looking down again, "I've been wanting to ask you since this morning. What do we do about it? You know... what happened last night.".
Steve looked to the brunette and gave his warm smile. "Well, that's very nice of you Stark. Are you sick?".
'They did it. They actually did it.' She somberly thought, whilst smiling unconvincingly. Just like Steve and Tony, Pepper didn't want this night to end. Fearing her fate with her husband in the morning. She knew he'd never leave her, but a part of her feared that Tony may have felt something with Steve tonight.
The soldier didn't add anything else but looked like he wanted to say something. Tony impulsively placed a small kiss on Steve's cheek.
Just the entire experience of being an Avenger, was an exhausting yet, fulfilling time in his life. What makes Steve chuckle now is the constant realization that his, and Tony's, look at their past were always different.
Tony shot a sigh of relief for the soldier changing the subject, and looked back to him. He surprisingly was intrigued by their conversations. 'Let's keep this conversation going then!' He thought amusingly.
"So, it was the thought that counts." They all chuckled.
"Boo? Really?" Tony said amusingly.
"Yes dipshit, I want to. If Pepper agreed to it, then... that's... okay with me. I'll have to ask why she agreed to it. Otherwise, I'd be looking for my castrated penis in the lake." Tony said amusingly, as he quickly pecked Steve's lips before running back inside the house.
Another few minutes went by, or a few hours, Steve doesn't know which at this point. He finally hears something from behind him. It was footsteps. Large, heavy footsteps. The super-soldier was beginning to feel agitated with fear. He was so sick of this. If this creature wants to be a coward and hide in the darkness, then why not come out and face him instead?!
The driver's hand suddenly shot up. "Wait... I guess I should do some courtesy." He began, "Look, I know that it wasn't your guy's fault. My own suffering was wanting someone to blame, and yet it chose the people who were trying to save... M-Maggie's life.".
Home. He wants to go home. But he's wanted so many homes in his life that it left him baffled. Where was... home? What was... home? Who was... home?
The two would call each other about certain events with the News, the SHIELD missions, and so on. Their talks then shifting to their many conversations with Natasha, and what she would do if she was still here. And then, they'd say their goodbyes; nothing more, nothing less.
"Please don’t give me any more bullshit stories. But seriously, what are you doing here?!" She asked accusingly. A hint of betrayal in her voice.
"You would've if you didn't try to give me a boner while still in a hospital bed." Tony flustered.
Tony felt himself breathing again, and he finally through out a smile. Natasha loves to mess with him, but she noticed that this wasn't a simple screw up. Nope, this was a royal fuck up.
The super soldier's awkward giggle, made the 'iron-man' look to him confusingly. 'Why is he acting so weird. They had to've done stupid shit like this in the army, right?" He thought.
But in hindsight, he must’ve waited a little too long. Natasha, and a few others were the only ones who actually left the building.
The groans from everyone around the common area fell upon deaf ears. Nonetheless, the group all sat on the cushioned couch, in the little nook, by the soda machine.
His mind went to Tony. What he was going to wear tomorrow; what jokes awaited him, and such.
"Right down to business. Okay, Rogers. And by the way, you can call me Tony." The philanthropist walked back into the kitchen and sat on one of the stools near the kitchen island.
He angrily begged Steve to either hide, find someone else to do his 'dirty work', or forget the macabre events that unfolded before them that day.
Yet, it’s the life they chose. And that’s what Wanda was telling herself as she stood in the kitchen, composed and in-thought.
Tony would manage to gaze upon a building still on fire. When oddly enough he would notice a kid, who looked similar to him, just walk up to him, and give him a hug. After Tony sprayed out the fire, and the rest of the team moved some onlookers away. Steve eventually announced to the team, to help any still trapped in the building. But his order, would never be done. The building collapsed. The swarm of people screamed, ran, or just hid. But the Avengers were able to clear some smoke, and people out of the way. Yet still, others were not as lucky.
"Cap, don't give me that crap. You know that I could care less if you came with me." Tony really wishes he reworded that last sentence. Damn, his dirty innuendos!
Sarah Rogers always had her life together. Always had her payments on time. Kept a job, and made sure she did it to the best of her ability. And raised her continuously sick son, with grace and strength.
"That's it?" Steve looked unconvinced.
It was a decent New York styled diner. Clint had been here a few times since their first time in the city. He actually recalls a time that him, Tony, and Bruce came in one morning, after an exhausting battle somewhere across the sea. They sat at a nearby table, and pretty much talked 'guy talk'. This encounter was just weeks after Tony and Steve's comfort session. So there conversation was pretty straightforward and calming. A snap in his face from an agitated Natasha, brought Clint back to reality.
"What is it?"
And like a chore list, he did them all in a record-breaking time of only an hour and fifteen minutes. He sat up on the sofa, and pulled his phone out. Scrolling through his contacts, he found Ned’s name and waited for his friend’s voice to bless his ears.
Steve thought worryingly.
Natasha looked to her with a slight bit of concern before following it with, “Just remember to be careful with your words. I don’t need WW4 between Vision and Steve.”
"Yeah, sure." She teased.
"Steve... we're going to be okay. Whatever Monica's doing with these tachyon disruptions, we'll figure it out." Tony held onto one of Steve's forearms.
The only person this didn’t apply to was Peter. Who had a place to go back to if he had messed up pretty badly. And Peter decided to come and live with Steve, not the other way around.
"I guess your a good booster then. Not meaning anything weird obviously, even though that didn't really reference anything weird. I mean it could've. You know what, it's whatever you think it means." Tony blabbed.
Pepper thought it was a little early for the 4-year-old to be awoken, but she ignored it.
"That deal gets to be broken at least for tonight, buddy." Tony added.
"I tell you what. If I don't come back, you and the kids can piss on my grave, how bout that?" He joked. She laughed, and they held onto each other tightly. Clint loves that he could discuss these things with her. Usually face to face, is easier. He can see her reactions and know if she truly agrees with him leaving or not. Over the phone, not so much. Leaving his memories, he continued talking with her for awhile until, they said their goodbyes. And he too headed to his stateroom to sleep.
"Hmm... I'd go with the latter." Tony returned the smile.
Steve smirked, but lost it as his eyes once again fell upon the apocalypse before him.
"I mean sneaking in does solve some problems. And Pepper never disagreed with it!" Tony laughed.
"Steve," Tony sighed, "I'm okay... really. It's just... full on my end. And this... will go away. Plus... you'd never... hurt me."
"Shit, what the hell are we going to do man?!" Sam grumbled angrily.
"Tony, I didn't y-you know, prepare you. It's gonna hurt a lot worse."
Simultaneously, as Thor and Banner arrive onto the bridge, and sat adjacent to Steve. They had simple conversations amongst themselves, until finally Clint arrived. Tony still stood back, and just observed. Now that everyone arrived, Fury felt it was necessary to discuss their future plans with The Avengers.
Speaking of red, a certain red-headed spy was walking over to him. "You put on quite a show tonight." She quizzed smugly.
"That's the thing. Nothings changed between us. But after those 5 years... without him. I lost myself. I-I couldn't function properly. Hell, everywhere I went Nat, I just saw him."
Steve thanked the woman, and he headed back into the office. It was small, little, thing. A chair, a desk with all sorts of paperwork atop it. There was a filing cabinet in the corner, with some of the drawers irresponsibly left open. And next to it was the phone, hanging innocently and calmly.
"We need to move..." Sam really tried to make it as quiet as possible. But it sounded like his voice was put through a megaphone, so loud, dogs could hear him, miles away.
"Please, Steve."
"We need... to find some weapons... and... get to... higher ground!" Steve uttered.
The duo ran back out of the office, and up to the attendant. They had asked if there were any car dealerships around. She of course responded with a simple, “No.”. Still with that lazily, enthused tone of hers.
The revelation that Tony was joking with him instantly eased Steve's nerves, and he slowly laughed with him. "Oh! Nice one!".
And so, Steve went erratic, trying to find the spot, even picking up some more pace. With his head buried into Tony's neck, while the brunette's hands hung onto his shoulders.
"Well, you gotta give them what they want sometimes, Nat."
"But... You," Tony continued, "Cap, you do.". His tone was as if he solved a scientific hypothesis.
Thankfully, he's so far doing a better job than Howard already. And having Steve to be his own motivator/confidence booster was surely a plus.
Tony cleared his throat, "Uh, hey... Rogers. I'm kind of busy right now. Is there anything I can help you with?". His tone sounded so strong, yet practiced.
"When did you-" Steve began before his mother cut him off.
Pepper, knows it's an awkward, polite gesture, so she just pulls him into hug. After releasing from her soft grip, Steve looked a bit shocked. "You know, you don't have to act awkward around me. I know we don't know each other that much, or really at all, but if you need a friend, I'm always here." She reassured him.
"Kamala, you're an Avenger now. Being scared is for losers!" She somehow assured herself.
"You. And our 'situation'" Steve told.
Oh, how Steve missed Tony’s snarky remarks and quips. It was the one thing that he, and the rest of the Avengers, now miss more than anything else. But they wouldn’t tell him that now, or he would have a field day with it.
“And so, me and Natasha were talking earlier today. And... I think I found a solution to it.” His words were really struggling to leave his mouth.
The two agreed and up they went quarter-turn staircase. The stairs going right shortly after the landing. Once on the second floor, they had noticed the second floor wrapped around the front bay window, leaving an immense amount of space for a Hubbardton Forge chandelier to hang exquisitely. The men also had counted six rooms in total. Two on the left side, one on the front-right end, with the master bedroom and bath on the back-right end of the home.
'Seriously, what's going on with him? He's usually not this productive. Especially to this extent.' Pepper's worries began to cloud her. And then, it hit her.
"I guess...let's keep talking. Maybe about, other things?" Tony winced at how dumbly sounding his response was.
Tony nodded softly but still seemed as if he was trying to hold back any signs of completely breaking down.
A few seconds passed, and they went right back into it. It was as if all their emotions, from all this sexual tension, were thrown into these kisses. Eventually, though, Steve finally pulled away softly, to see a calm Tony.
He finally sat down and looked to the fireplace. No passionate flames to be seen. No, beautiful, naked, comforted, philanthropist next to him. Just him, and the memory.
“I guess we’re walking,” Sam stated with some annoyance.
Experiencing a horrific nightmare, only to wake up and not remember what you've seen or heard. Most would believe, it's a blessing in disguise. But it's also more scarier to be left in the dark. Not knowing what horrors you've witnessed, only to see them again, and again.
Steve just chuckled, as Tony's hand moved to his cheek, then to his neck, and back up to his cheek. Before Cap could utter any words, Tony smacked his cheek playfully.
"Wait, You mean—"
"Alright, Alright. I'll, I'll ask him." He stated nervously.
Wanda looked to him, and felt a bit uncomfortable at his request. She gave Steve her word. They've been following these regulations for a few months now. Why now does Viz, all of a sudden, want to abandon their plan?
Nat and Clint began to speak to a Russian family who lost two of their family members. Bruce was helping a little girl look for her mother. She lost her before Loki sent the rest of the Chitauri into New York. Steve and Tony were discussing with some bruised and badly cut police officers, about the building collapse. But the conversation took a sharp turn, when they noticed the thousands on injured civilians, just wandering around.
Yet, Pepper never always held her tongue. There were many times she would beg him to let her help. To let her give him so comfort through all this. But even when she would try, the blonde knew that it would never work.
He didn't say anything. Tony slowly entered his room. The door closing behind the brunette.
"We need to find them. Or a certain relationship is going to be destroyed." Clint half- joked.
Eventually meeting him near the middle, she tackled the man. He got a few hits into her before she swung legs over the man's neck in typical Widow fashion. Twisting around the man's neck and before closing his throat in a death grip between her thighs.
Both killed under Steve's leadership. Both who wanted to come back from this. Yet, sacrificed everything for everyone else.
“What do you mean?” Wanda asked confusingly.
Tony who had been standing behind the built man, eagerly tried to see a memory as well. Of course his version of events were more stereotypically fictional, than compared to Steve's actual reality.
Oh, how that smile was going to be the death of Tony. "Not really. But if you ever want it, I can still give it to you.".
They were chatting in his room, like they had usually done after a stressful day at work. Tony vaguely remembers the conversation, but it must've been important as it's the only one he can remember at that time.
"So you thought, sneaking into my room could be a solution?" Steve joked. Tony felt his cheeks get a little warm, and Steve noticed Tony's obvious embarrassing blush. It was the first time he's seen it.
“Well... I might have an idea of where he might be heading to.” She confessed.
The sun blinded Pepper as she awoke. The room having hues of pink, yellow, and blue. Sometimes she wished they switched their bedroom with the guest room. At least that one didn't have a window that at every morning would blind them awake.
He felt himself slowly sit at the chair behind him, while keeping his eyes glued to the super-soldier. His gaze then followed the rope along the board, taking in every piece of information that he was witnessing. Tony really was trying to paint the ‘big’ picture before him.
"The living legend can make jokes now. What has the world come to?!" Tony exaggerated.
He shuddered momentarily. Looking to his fingers to see any blood, because Tony was dramatic like that. No blood in sight, so he sighed in defeat.
Steve sighed, "Not really. 'Cause I'm highly sure I just ruined it."
"It's okay, Steve. You just worried me there for a moment. I thought my joke made you uncomfortable or something?".
To Tony's graces, the worrying expression left Steve. The blonde looking to Tony amusingly, but carefully as well.
They played for what seemed like hours, but was only half of one. A stomach growl eventually had ended the battle, and the family headed downstairs to eat a celebratory supper. Needless to say, the kids won.
"Are you sure your alright?" Tony protested, before pressing his hand to the soldier’s forehead.
"That's why I said yes to you. The fact that you were willing to dance with me, and you couldn't even dance yourself." Tony chuckled, "Shows that, this means something to you."
"No! I just didn't know if you ever cared about me being with men before." Steve confessed.
Steve, also, never understood why their parent's never allowed their children to come home either. Regardless though, he was just happy that these kids were at least getting a real home.
And it made Steve feel almost unworthy to see this side of him. They had only just met, and yet, the blonde could tell that the brunet did not do this to people randomly.
Steve sighed again, "It's another question.".
"Your not?"
you did it," Steve stated calmly.
Tony began to walk in the opposite direction until Steve spoke up. "Judging by your face throughout. I'm guessing you understood what it meant to you."
"Hey, that's him, not me," Steve stated. Raising his hands up to his chest, in defense.
Once outside, she let her feet guide her to wherever they wanted to go. And apparently, it was only a few feet away from the house.
Steve awkwardly chuckled as well. The philanthropist was right, they needed to forget it. But it still doesn’t change anything. They’ll have to deal with this guilt, possible forever. And that’s even if they tell Pepper?
Tony followed the gleaming super-soldier out onto the balcony, placing his hand on the soldier's shoulder. "So I guess I have to cancel that appointment then, Huh?"
"You can not tell me that this place is helping you move on at all, Steve." The other two nodded in approval, as Steve took in Bruce's words.
"You haven't been sleeping, have you?" She asks gently.
The blonde looked back to the trio and softly smiled. "Sorry." He giggled, "Yes, Alright, I'll do it. It'll finally give me something to do.".
This doesn't amuse Tony. He knows he's an asshole outwardly just as much inwardly. But leaving Steve in the dust, without speaking to him isn't foreign to Tony.
“No.” Steve declared. The creature faded into the darkness behind it.
"Okay well, I'm heading to bed. Tony... get your shit together man." Clint protested.
When the car stopped near Tony's, the man emerged from the vehicle, shy and a bit off. Mainly through his mannerisms and how he presented himself. It was introverted and distant, while also seeming nice and informative. Even his looks seemed off. The man clearly didn't know what to wear, coming in a simple, turquoise, button-up with a wrinkly, dark, overcoat and tattered jeans. His hair, covered by a beanie with his glasses covering the obvious bags under his eyes. But the man was charming with his greeting, nevertheless.
"I was wondering where you went, so I came to look for you." He was interrupted by his foot hitting something on the floor.
"I was going to ask you... if you wanted to, of course, um... if you wanted to dance, w-with... me." He babbled.
Then, it all fell apart. Thanos, also known as the 'Mad Titan' and his galactic army, appeared on Earth. Wreaked some havoc, and the Avengers stayed separated.
The philanthropist just stayed, and observed his table decor. A rich garment, courtesy of Thor, was the main cloth that covered the circular surface, along with a knitted white sheet covering the mid-section. Simple, yet still festive. And to top it off, a single red candle sat in the center.
“Hail Hydra!” He uttered, before he escaped Sam’s grip, and grabbed his gun.
Letting go of the handle, Tony just looked to the super soldier to see any anger, but there wasn't any. He just saw that Steve had finally let his tears flow down his cheek. Tony took a finger and wiped a tear from one of the soldier's cheek.
Were the words that were about to fall out of Steve's mouth, yet was eventually interrupted by Tony. Still, he could've just said them regardless, but Steve went along with it, nonetheless.
"You had nightmares. I have Sam. We can't get rid of 'em. But they're still around when they want to be. They also wake you up at random hours with their snoring!" Bucky remarked.
Once the jet landed, all noises subsided. The team could hear some cars in the distance, but the eerie silence of this street was deafening. Cars demolished, sidewalks covered in feet of broken glass, and the sounds of crumbling buildings made the team shiver where they stood. The Avengers just stood a-gaped. Steve was the most destroyed by the level of destruction left. He suddenly flashed back to when the Chitauri came at them full force, and all he could see was just peril and scarred faces. He never wished to see it again.
"Tony I've known for a little while now. You can be arrogant... self-centered... chicken-shit at times... Actually yea, you'd be an asshole." She acknowledges.
Steve removed his hand, and looked to the philanthropist. Tony doing the same.
"Well, before we think of a plan. Shouldn't we try and figure it out, where, there selling their weapons?" Sam added.
She reached her hand and simply sat it on Nat’s exposed wrist, as a sense of comforting her. Seeing as Nat was seriously about to explode with heartbreaking emotion.
"Thank you, Tony. Really, it means a lot that you're helping me with this.".
But as he would tell himself, and Steve, on multiple occasions. Tony was more than perfectly fine with his new life. A life of giggles, and calmness. One that felt domestically blissful. His life with Steve.
"Is it fine if we sat here?" He asked Tony.
The Sokovia accords being one of them. Which in turn, divided our heroes, on opposing sides. Including the friendship of Steve and Tony being disintegrated, and in no way of fixing itself.
Tony was finding things to do, so he wouldn't have to be reminded that 'that' day was coming up. The day, the Avengers failed.
Breathing heavily, he raised his head, and looked weakly to Steve. He quickly dried his eyes, feeling embarrassed. But no words left his lips. His mind was no longer functioning. The super soldier’s facial expression, was completely understanding and yes, comforting. Tony was starting to realize why he kissed him. Steve was an attractive man. Even if you were straighter than a line, you couldn't deny it.
Tony felt his heartbeat irregular pump, and he took a sharp inhale. "What the hell do you mean she agreed?! Or are you lying out your ass right now?!"
He didn't say anything or did anything. She began to walk her way towards the stairs until Steve grabbed her arm in defeat.
"Aren't you like a year older than me?" Steve smiled.
It had been 4 long years since Tony's seen that blue glow of that triangular reactor. He held it out to Tony, "I found this a few years back, and I was going to give it to you last night. But I forget about it completely. 'Cause you know...".
Most of whom, slept quietly in their warm bedrooms, all, on the second floor. Except for an extra bedroom, and a playroom (Where the children currently were sleeping), on the third floor.
A year of resentment is too much for someone like Steve. And truthfully, it was never even resentment. It was sorrow, regret, a bit of misery, and even some pity. He hated how he kept that secret from Tony. On the other hand, Steve was protecting Bucky. What else was he to do?
The basement itself was the dirtiest part of the house. Much to the dismay of Tony. If there was anything that bothered him more, it was a messy workspace. Recalling back to the days in the lab. He use to sit there, stare at a simple mess, and try his hardest to not do anything except accepting the fact that it's there. He surprisingly lasted a long time. Leaving the lab, happy and content, only to return immediately and tidy it up. Aside from that, the 'messy' he saw before him was an understatement.
He did ask why they were leaving, which was responded with a simple word, Home.
But here he was, on his back, on a surprisingly uncomfortable sofa, letting Steve Rogers make love to him. Because intriguingly, that's what it was.
Steve let a snicker follow, and answered sarcastically sequential. "1, I came to talk to you. 2, Pepper. And 3, No.".
4 Years Later...
"No, you are!"
? Even then, with the knowledge of his age always in the back of his mind, Steve never felt it.
"Know it all too well, Cap. You don't gotta explain yourself to me." Tony turned to him catching the soldier's eyes.
One time, he thought it was Bucky. That seemed like the most logical answer, but now though, Bucky seems content with himself. Hydra could no longer try and use him again. His best friend seemed okay.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve thought frustratingly.
So Steve swallowed his pride and asked Tony if he would just sleep with him. They'd rest on opposite sides of the bed and if one had moved onto the other, then they'd softly place them back onto their side. Hell, they already had planned to do this once back at Clint's farmhouse. But were never able to go through with it, thankfully, once Fury showed up with some information about Ultron.
Steve quickly, went under the dashboard and began to Hotwire the car. A few times it sparked, but nothing happened. He muttered a few profanities, as he still tried to get the car to start.
“What question?”.
"Yeah, this is it for me." Steve looked to the brunet with so much relief and admiration that Tony seemed to have become a little nervous.
“I really don’t care to hear about how you’re going to help me. Because it’s all for the sake of publicity. It
And they lost, because they weren't 'all' together. No, Steve and Tony remained separate. Letting their resentment for each other, keep the wedge between them.
It was always Captain America this, Captain America that. It truly was an irritation for a boy like Tony. Yet even growing up, he never knew why his hatred for the man was so apparent, till he finally met the man in tights. In which, he could easily found out the answer.
"Well... what is he going to do?" Steve asked.
“I didn’t expect you to be back so soon?” He inquired.
Was it his family? They're all dead now. No mother, no father, no brothers, or sisters. No cousins or nieces to speak of. He had no one left in this time period.
Steve ended the call shortly after. Still grinning so hard that his face was going to freeze that way. He was so honored to have the two in his life. Even if he wasn't able to get anyone, he at least have Sam & Bucky. The ones he'd call his home away from home. The two brothers he never had. God, he couldn't wait to see them today!
"What?"
They don't know when they stopped dancing. But Tony's feet were starting to kill him. And if he was being honest, Steve's were too.
are!"
It took about 4 hours for the men to arrive at the farmhouse. About another hour to get the trucks unloaded, and finally 3 more hours to get everything in the house, and arrange the rooms to Steve’s liking.
The soldier smiled half-heartedly, “Just be there when I call for you, okay? That's all I ask.".
"Look Tony, I need you to calm down." Fury commanded softly.
Nat and Clint hardy-har laughed from the back seat, while Maria chuckled amusingly, up in the front. These bouts of hilarity had caused Clint to be overwhelmed in utter tears of laughter, and Natasha's face to grow a dark red. They couldn't take Maria's sexual innuendos anymore. She was surprisingly good at coming up with them, just as she was good at telling them. From the elevator, down 42nd street, and now somewhere near 5th Avenue, the group lavished each other in these immature statements.
Tony felt himself, almost hypnotized, as his feet drug beneath him. Its gold-like aura brightening the thick, brick wall behind it, ever so slightly. He was trying his hardest to remember why and how they obtained such a stone. But all that came up was just constant blanks.
Steve laughed for the last time tonight, and told him goodnight. Heading toward the door, Steve felt Tony’s hand hold his arm, in a firm grip, and thanked him softly. Steve nodded, and Tony let go.
"Yes." He stated softly.
"So Mr. Stark would this be beneficial?" Dr. Cho asked.
"Does
'How could you forget what you've done to them! To Tony! They've suffered... because of you! What makes you think he’d want to be in a relationship with you!' His persecuting thoughts where enveloping him.
They finally were off the bridge, and were now heading toward their destination. After taking several rights, eventually stumbling into Brooklyn Heights, there it stood. Home.
me!”.
Tony now noticed that Steve had that look. That same damn look he had that day in Siberia. It made his stomach crumble, and twist. 'What more could he be hiding?!' He thought.
Steve’s smile suddenly went a little somber. “I do feel a bit bad. We really didn’t need to steal his car.”.
Tony broke his gaze and shot his hand up. Signaling to Happy that he got the gist of things. He then, walked over to Nat’s picture first. Her hair was now blonde, which to Tony, made her look even more attractive than before. Her expression was still the same. The resting b*tch look still shining through her shadowed face.
He turns to walk into the living area. Only to find it completely quiet and empty, besides the sounds of the crackling fireplace, and snow drizzle outside. The brunette then looked all around to see the multicolored Christmas lights glistening with holiday cheer. Until his gaze took him to the Christmas tree right next to him. The shiny, wrapped, presents sitting idly beneath it.
He could actually see the 'iron-man' sitting in there. But really only a silhouette. Nonetheless, he knew it was Tony. And he looked... Alone. No cars weren’t there, so he must've been alone. Just like Pepper told him.
Steve gathered his thoughts quickly when he realized that he was back home, at the farmhouse. He looked around the darkroom, this time illuminated by the moonlight outside. His eyes then fell upon the now awakening philanthropist next to him.
“I mean, I feel fine now. So it mustn’t have done too much damage.” Tony cracked a smile. Hoping to lighten the mood.
Kamala mentally told herself.
"Well, What did you ruin?"
Tony awoke slowly. His brain running a thousand possibilities as to why he's currently in the infirmary. He began to sit up softly.
"Tony? You there?"
"It's okay. I forgave you a long time ago. Even though I shouldn't have." Natasha claimed.
“Yup, her funeral was so hard for me. I didn’t even want to find love after that. She was my first love, someone I cherished most. And Sharon, I knew she liked me. But again, it wasn’t really anything to me.”.
That sound, that god awful sound, was straight misery for Tony. It's repetitive, monotonous, and tedious, style of sound drove the philanthropist crazy with annoyance. And it really didn't help that he was sitting in a meeting room, with that sound coming from the clock above him. But unbeknownst to the man, this was a special kind of torture.
A person that felt like an annoyance in his life. Now only leaving an ache in his heart. A nostalgic feeling only to be described as the ache he felt when he lost Peggy.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Strange follow up, but it was fine. Most of it was trying to get Tony out of his funk."
"Of course not, Steve. You were only doing what you thought was best.".
"Well thank you, Hallmark. I'll make sure to send my story for review." He joked.
Steve sat silently. He looked through his ‘mind projector’ and tried to find his answer.
The two Avengers walked back inside and sat at the bar area, as Tony looked to the menu. He lied, of course, about not eating. But still ordered a vanilla milkshake to at least fool the super soldier, who sat looking around to the other souls in the diner.
They were swaying now. Keeping each other's attention on themselves. Not caring if comments or stares were going their way.
Left, and Right, and then Right again, and then left once more, she efficiently kept up with the man. Down several passageways, and then eventually into an apartment complex, a few yards from the market.
And so, he picked his phone out of his pocket. Glancing over the contacts, he debated if he should call anyone at this point. Everyone else was either busy or at least doing something with their life. Maybe Sam or Bucky, he hasn't spoken to them in a long while?
Wanda instantly agreed. She stood proudly from her chair and rushed to her car. Vision had to know her brilliant plan. At least before he made any more big decisions while she was gone.
Heading back downstairs, she turned off the fireplace, and the lights. But not before drinking some shots of a secret stash of Vodka, left in the kitchen. She took about 3 shots, before she cleaned her glass, and turned out the kitchen lights as well.
The house they were looking for was on Cherry Rd. Not on Bell St. which is where they were driving along. "Tony, you do know that it was on the street before this right?".
It was brushed off or really ignored, as that didn't matter to the family. Their children were happy, and that's all the parents ever cared about.
Steve stood in a severely, itchy-like, stance, with a face that read: impatient. Finally, the ringing on the other end-stopped, and surprisingly Natasha answered.
He then decided it was time to sit down somewhere. And the 'where' was a table near the main entrance to the command deck. A Christmas tree dawned in the colors of Tony's suit sat idly by.
Shawarma's was surprisingly silent and empty of life, besides a few employees working the day shift. It was quite odd. Due to the fact, that it was just ravaged by some of the Chitauri during the battle. Glass splattered the floor, several of the lights above began to fail, and a good amount of the tables were no longer in the actual store. The kitchen though, was still up and running. Yet, a sandwich place like Shawarma's would certainly not have any alcohol in stock. But there they were preparing the beverage, or rather a version of it. And no matter the case, The Avengers we're simply just eating and enjoying some piece and quiet.
Tony Stark loves Steve Rogers. A love that He never wants to let go or lose. This man is who he married, has kids with, and wants to grow old with. Well... they both are already kind of old.
"Steve I'm going to go into cardiac arrest if you don't explain yourself further," Tony informed sarcastically.
Steve sighed for the third time. This time looking to the floor in embarrassment and shame. He ran a hand through his hair, as the soldier then rested both hands on his hips.
"We kissed, and to me... it felt, a bit intriguing. Albeit, a bit more eventful than usual." Steve continued, with a sigh of hilarity. Maybe if the soldier took their act a bit more light-heartedly, it could help Tony ease more. The philanthropist took a slow breath, and continued with his confession.
"Spare me the heartfelt sentiments, I already heard this before from that smart guy, ugh... St-Stark I think his name is?".
"What?"
for Tony began, but they were most definitely there during the time heist.
The two men came back to reality and they went there separate ways. The team knew they would be taking a big risk by doing this, but what else where they going to do? Stand by while innocents continue to suffer. Nope, that's not what The Avengers were made for.
Thor, a few years back, had left to New Asgard, and she hadn't heard from him since. Tony left with Pepper, but thankfully she's been in contact with them. Bruce has been a lot more distant and seems to be afraid to say anything to anyone at this point.
doll!" Annie began to cry.
Tony looked up at him and smiled. Not the simulated smile he's had on all night. This was a genuine smile.
The game ended right then and there, but they found some karaoke in the living room as a nice substitute.
"I'm just fine. Thank you Ma'am." He says politely.
Tony rubbed his head in annoyance. And sighed into the phone. "Natasha, I want to help. I do." He asserted before Natasha cut him off.
“You had feelings for him, didn’t you?!” The pubescent teen added.
"What?"
"Are you okay?"
Steve licked his lips. "Okay, then. Uh... Tony..."
Steve had always loved to see that face. Giving the blonde butterflies in his stomach, every single time. Yet, it still never dawned on Steve that even after... years... of marriage. He can still make Tony laugh like that.
"You know they say, if you stare at a women too hard. She can turn you into stone. Let's see who'll win." Nat joked. This sent some chuckles around, until Fury's and Pepper's conversation ended, and he dismissed the team to do whatever. Of course, now the team realized that there times of chilling would be short-lived. Judging by how quick, Fury was about leaving New York behind and onto other issues. Steve mostly was the one who felt truly saddened.
Thinking quickly, he blurted, "I d-don't want you to leave... Steve.". Tony knew that after all that turmoil, his heart was hurting for the blonde. He knew that Steve was right. He desirably wanted his comfort again. "I... I want... you..." he croaked, "Please, stay...".
A few seconds passed, and the creature was now at least 9 feet tall. But then, it halted as if something was blocking it from any further elevation. It looked to Steve, still with no face.
This would've caught Steve off guard, until he noticed Bruce, Hill, and of course Tony and Pepper right behind him with comforting smiles. Thor was asked by Natasha to go, but he decided to stay with Fury, as he wanted to try 'stalling' for once.
"No, not the ice. But that really doesn't matter does it? It's still a nightmare. It still sucks either way.".
"Only because you're always asking for it! It's my doll!" Annie retaliated.
He was trying his hardest, to mentally prepare himself for this. The soldier just needed to breathe, and calm himself.
A sudden rush of footsteps averted his attention, however. Tina and Annie came barging into the room, their faces equally red and puffy as if they had been crying for days. They were arguing over who was allowed to play with Lucy the doll. A Christmas gift that Steve bought them as they had just moved in, a week before the holiday. Lucy was a porcelain doll with golden hair; had on a white dress, and her face was ghastly white with rosy cheeks.
." Jenny sarcastically recited.
Question after question, began to fill the two minds'. And each one, feeling more like a gut punch, than a sigh of relief.
For a couple of straight guys, they were certainly enjoying themselves. They didn't want their moment to end. It was such a new experience, that they both wanted it to continue indefinitely.
"Oh, Good afternoon Sleeping Beauty, did you find your prince?" Tony teased once again.
He had asked if they could freeze his body, just in case they were able to find out how to bring him back to life. Okoye disagreed at first, still in shock at what just happened. But eventually relented, and they haven't seen their friend, since the chamber closed. And Vision froze away.
With that, the group left the cab and headed toward the door of the Brooklyn Diner. The man just went back to his own commemoration of Maggie, before turning around to call out Natasha specifically. How he already knew her name she will never know. The simple, heartfelt words that left his lips this night, remained with her, "Thank You.". Finally the trio walked up into the diner.
"Well, I have a solution for that." Steve grinned seductively, "Come on in. I'll show you."
Steve answered with another “Yeah.”. The car ride grew silent again. And this time it stayed. Sam was fast asleep when Steve arrived in Ullapool.
“Nothing we’re just ready to go now,” Bucky answered hesitantly.
"That's for you to decide." Steve hinted.
Kamala stood by and watched it unfold. It all played out like clockwork. Steve walking over to Tony. Him putting his hand on Tony's lower back, consciously or not. And Tony's smile growing bigger and bigger, once Steve had finally asked him.
"What are you doing here, Nat?"
Tony stayed at the window, momentarily, before eventually leaving it. Mainly, to head downstairs to his workshop. Or what normal people called it: The Basement.
"If you guys are going to do this, for the entirety of this story. Then, I'm gonna go ahead and go do other things." Natasha joked half-heartedly.
“I do. I really do. I want to help him. I... I miss him.”.
"Well then I guess, I'm the fool then. For honestly believing that I could actually help the great Tony Stark." Steve's eyes began to grow with tears, "All I want to do now is to not fight with you anymore. Jesus, I wish I didn't even know you anymore! But... what's saddening about all of it, is I know that in my heart. I won't be able to follow through with it.".
"Wait, Tony! Please..."
“No, No your fine. It’s... it’s just, uh, it’s just been so long-or it feels so long, since that time.”
"But I gotta ask, Cap. Why did you pick that one?" He speculated.
Yet suddenly, the atmosphere changed. Steve and Tony were no longer awkwardly judging their situation. The two men just gazed a final time at each other. The utter connection between them was opening up like a flower.
He drug his feet across the wooden floors and directly sat down on his living room sofa. Sighing in blissful relief. His body aching with every twitch of a muscle. Purely exhausted from today's, sheer, tedious task of house hunting.
Come on, we need to see the inside of this place!" Steve grinned ear to ear.
"Nat it's me. Steve, Steve Rogers. Sam's here too.".
"Jesus got nothing to do with this." Steve tittered.
And Steve, well Steve Rogers was trying to make the best out of it. After he had created that group, for those struggling with the Snap, he's seemed a lot more positive than usual.
"What! No!" Kamala winced at how high her voice got.
But on the other hand, if Steve Rogers was wanting to ditch a party for something a bit more interesting. Tony couldn't pass this time up for a little adventure. And honestly, he wanted to keep his mind off of a few things, and just have a little fun.
Nonetheless, he had to tell him. He had to be there for Tony. Steve wanted to repay that debt. He hated himself for not being there, for not only Tony, but for the rest of the Avengers that fought alongside him.
"You do know that it's 4 in the morning right?" He stated groggily. Rubbing one of his eyes in the process.
Seconds passed. Natasha felt herself get angry. She was seriously considering cursing Tony, even in Russian. Yet she didn't. She completely understood where he was coming from. And like she thought, it was too much to ask him.
The café and where she stood now, clearly showed the difference in atmosphere, and yes, cleanliness.
Nat smirked to this, while feeling the memories of 2 years ago flood back to her subconscious. Even after the whole situation with Loki, The Winter Soldier, and Hydra. She really didn't feel 2 years had passed, but they did. In that time, Nat surprisingly grew her relationship with Steve, during these last 2 years. Fighting with Hydra, honestly was a bonding experience for the two. Especially when her constant innuendos she would produce, were toward Steve finding a date. Of course there were to no avail, because Steve is more stubborn  than a damn mule. Yet like everyone else, she had forgotten about Tony’s and Steve’s ‘act’ of comfort. Maybe Steve couldn’t forget about a little old thing like that. But her profound experiences from the past, were interrupted once an elevator dinged.
"You did what now?!" Tony exclaimed in shock, "Wh-Wh-When d-did this happen?!".
"You're being mean for no reason!"
"Last night, in the lab. I saw... Steve and Tony kiss each other. Not once, but twice." She started, "And apparently from talking to the both of you guys. It doesn't mean anything. But after today, I'm starting to think differently.".
." Bucky was looking down at his feet.
Steve really wanted to tell them. Well, really all of them did. Just to tell those two, that their sacrifice was honored. 'We won...' Steve's mind suddenly pictured the battle of New York. His blushing cheeks staring down at Stark. 'What just happened? Please tell me no one kissed me?'. It made the soldier smile in remembrance.
He was so happy that he and Tony worked some things out over these last few months. They may haven't had talked about certain issues for them to feel completely free of their baggage. But they were okay and were on good terms. Which, is where Steve wanted it to be.
"Steve... you need to stop blaming yourself. Yes, we struggled, and we suffered. But I mean who doesn't!" Tony attested.
"Well, I'm here now." Tony looked into Steve's glistening eyes.
It was that same pain he felt after the whole Bucky killing his parent's situation, and Steve once again lying to him.
"Oh! Uh... Sorry, I was just going through some, fond, m-m-me-memories." Bruce was starting to stutter. He felt his cheeks get a bit hot, and it was obvious that he was feeling flustered.
"It wasn't anything new, really. Just the same old bs from before." He answered softly, "Anyway, enough about that. Here, try this." Tony lifted a spoon from a pot he'd been stirring, on the stove.
"I don't understand.".
He moved out of the doorway to let Steve in. The resentment toward the soldier was still there, but the anger that came with it, faded with time. He was willing to put that aside, and see, what in the world, he wanted to talk about.
Steve looked to him softly and gave him an annoyed scoff in response. "That's Funny, Tony."
"They were plush-filled toys of us!"
As the trio was succeeding in their skirmish, unbeknownst to them, the container was breaking with the glass losing penetrability.
But something was off with this morning in particular. No, not off, maybe... familiar. He didn't know why, it just felt so intimate, new, and inviting. Tony felt as if he awoke in a new body. He blushed and smiled softly.
"It looks like we have the same taste in seating arrangements." Steve boasted.
Steve smiled while walking closer to him. "Let's just do this right for once." He stated as he wrapped his arms around Tony in a goodbye hug. Tony felt his heart flutter again, yet now he chose to ignore it. If Steve and him were going to continue this 'friendship' it would need to be on equal terms of endorsement. They let go of each other, and Tony could feel Steve's fingers slightly graze his own. Yet no heart flutter occurred, or tingling sensation.
"Huh? I wasn't expecting that—"
Clint and Scott would surprisingly be put on house arrest, due to their families.
Once she let herself get a little laugh in the matter, the young avenger went back to the task at hand. And she was struggling.
On top of that though, Pepper and Tony were still in choppy waters. They were talking again which was nice, but Pepper still remained distant. Which was normal for her, but it wasn’t for Tony.
tell Tony, there would be this loom over their marriage based on trust. If he
The philanthropist then, lunged towards the super-soldier with James and Maria tackling them as well. Pillow feathers flew through the air, as the battle had begun. Tony and Steve on one side, and the kids on the other. Except for the dog laying lazily in the corner.
"She was strong. She worked when she had to, but even when she didn't, she wanted to." Steve recalled, "She had worked in a tuberculosis ward, and caught it. Couldn't shake it.".
"Ha, Ha! Very funny, Tony." Steve giggled, "Come here then."
Steve giggled. "Sure, Tony."
"Hmph? Oh, sure!" Peter tried his best to keep his composure, "I... I just wanted to ask you something else? If that's okay with you, sir?".
"How did you already hear about that, if you don't mind me asking?" Steve did mind. He really didn't want random people knowing where he lived. Even if it had been 2 years since his retirement.
settled.
Steve thought this house was big before stepping inside. Now he believes the house is a hotel in disguise. Never, has he had something this huge. He even remembers coming into Avengers Tower for the first time and being utter dumbfounded at the sheer size of the building.
And not even that, he'd do it just to give Tony some long-overdue comfort that he certainly needed. That part was perfectly clear to Tony's mind. But Tony has never really felt any emotions/feelings like that, towards men before.
"Hey, hey! Where are you two going?" He asked.
"Honestly, Tony. I'm just looking for a place that I can find things to do in. Somewhere that I can feel settled, but still have myself be busy, you know." Steve confessed.
He didn't think she's answer a phone call, that she didn't know so quickly. But then again, in times like this, if Natasha was given a call, she'd look into it.
I mean sure, Steve has never been great at being discreet in serious situations. Which is very odd. Considering the fact that he was in WW2! And literally having to be secretive and tactful is part of his job at times! But never the less, when he thought a scene was sketchy, he kicked any sense of discretion out the window.
The room fell silent again. Natasha sat back down, letting her tears drop down her face. She looked up to her companion, and he still was crying.
“The more you wish me away, the stronger I become! And then One day, I will arise to take everything you love and more!". The voice was hoarse and weak, its tone ranging from demanding to pitiful.
“Then Peggy’s funeral, and Sharon,” Sam added. Realizing that the funeral, must’ve been a factor of that.
Sure they've had their issues, and things haven't necessarily changed in terms of their arguments. At one point, Tony feared that their relationship would've never recovered. However these days, he can finally say that he loves him.
They had talked, and both her and Steve knew what to do, instantly. They knew that these two idiots needed to hash their shit out. And today was going to be that day.
Nat and Clint nodded, before sitting with Tony at the table. Clint cleared his throat, ready for his statement to fall off his lips. Clint always has been the one man in life, who can find out about situations quickly. So it didn't surprise Tony, what Clint had asked.
"Outside. Aren't teenage girls allowed outside?" Ziggy lilted.
Yes, they're married now and have a kid. But Tony's independent issues were still apparent. They never really went away. Pepper thought with their marriage; that it could bring down the high and mighty independence shtick.
The men then checked out the right side of the home. The major difference being the backroom, opposite of the kitchen, was a laundry area. The remainder of that side was a larger room than that on the left. Once in there, Steve & Tony noticed a side hallway on the outside wall, near the back of the room. It led to a smaller kitchenette with a screened-in backroom, separate from the rest of the main house.
She relented and was going to head outside to feed the chickens and goat. "Don't worry about that, honey. I fed them before you came down." Tony announced.
When Steve reached the landing and took a deep breath. He already knew what was going to happen. And even though he didn't want to, the soldier knew that it was going to happen whether he wanted it to or not. He's just going to have to tell Annalise that he's not going to purchase the house.
Steve immediately came back to consciousness, and he too followed. Not in excitement, but in confusion.
He thought hilariously.
"Since Shawarma, you've been acting, a bit... weird. I was talking with Pepper and she told me-".
Tony felt his heart sink. He didn't think Steve would bring their situation up so quickly. And he also, actually didn't want to forget it. Why would he? It felt exhilarating, and yes comforting. For the first time, Tony was accepting what happened, as a positive memory. Rather than a mistake that should be left back in the past.
“And why can’t you?”.
"Sorry about that. Really, Now... your gonna tell us where your shipments are heading to?! Right now!".
Eventually making her own plate, the overworked mother, sat next to her pride and joy tonight. She then passed him his napkin and utensils. He thanked her and waited for her to begin grace. Sarah softly stated the prayer, and then, counted her blessings for the day as well. A few of them were a bit humorous to Steve, as he desperately tried to hide his laughing.
"Oh! My stuttering, th-th-th-that's when I get flustered with e-e-emotions." He answered honestly. But deeply regretting it once he did.
Don’t forget to leave a kudos and comment! They’re always appreciated! ✌🏻🥰
? You
That revelation made his skin crawl. The vision was coming true. But it didn't mean that he was going to let it.
"Yes! I-Uh... it's about last night. Our... kiss and all. I think I know why I did it without context." Tony stated, "I believe I have a slight infatuation with you, as you remind me a lot of Pepper.".
No matter what happened in her life, Pepper Potts always woke to those three godforsaken numbers.
"Yeah, sorry, I'm here." He answered.
Steve was smirking an 'Of Course You Knew That' look. Tony responding with a 'Yes I Do' look.
He knew his husband missed being famous. Missed those nights of partying and hanging out with friends. The nights in which he and Steve were only known as Captain America, and Iron-Man.
Steve gave a half-smile, and then asked, "Well then would you like a drink?"
"Yeah sure, buddy." Ziggy was looking forward this time.
"All you need to know is I lied to Tony about something important. Then I hurt him pretty badly. Unforgivingly, in my opinion. And yet, here we are. It's been 7 years and we still haven't really talked it out. I'm getting worried that Tony's trying to let me back in, and forgive & forget, without us trying to squash that first.
“Congratulations, Steve Rogers. You’ve just bought a farmhouse!” A sudden flicker of the kitchen light above them went unnoticed.
He truly did miss that smile of his friend. Not even that, Tony missed a little something from everyone. Nat with her remarks, Bruce with his flustered habits, Thor with his hilarious confused expressions, Clint with his smartass behaviors, and Steve with that gorgeous smile.
"Yeah. A bit more passionate than I remember. But yeah that was..."
, was the name on the for-sale sign, so they suspected that that's the woman they're meeting. Tony swears he heard that name before. But let's just say it wasn't anything to be discussed at the dinner table, if you get what he means.
But again he whipped out of his subconscious, as he quickly opened his eyes. The young pubescent teen next to him had tapped his shoulder in slight concern.
"Obviously not.".
“I just, I just don’t understand as to why this all blew up like it did? Like what did those two do to each other? At least to the point where we’re not even in the same country. But then again, Stark was always the man with flaws.” She addressed.
Steve's word sat with Tony as he thought back to the incident. The image becoming more and more clearer. The image of Tony jumping in front of Steve as soon as the bot was in the air. The next thing he remembers is the blast sending him, and Steve, across the room.
"Hmm, Oh yeah. Just a nightmare is all." Tony moved a little to face the blonde.
And even though, she told him everything. He wanted himself to tell his friend, his side. Really because, he wanted Sam to understand why he, Steve Rogers, was still so obsessed with Tony Stark after all this time.
Steve looked at Tony's alerted expression. Taking in every single crinkle of skin, as a sign of disaster. Could their interaction been nothing but a simple one night stand? No, of course not! They were just fine this morning!
Steve didn’t know what to make of it. He didn’t understand why Tony was so sorrowful for bringing ‘it’ up. And then, questioning if they ever really found a solution to ‘it’.
Sam nodded and softly laid his friend on a wall that faced away from their enemy. He swiftly looked through some crates in the room, next to Steve, with the agent's gun blasts becoming more present, vast in numbers.
Tony dropped his smile. Seeing Steve look this upset and hurt brought back the memories of himself. Those heartbreakingly raw nights were Tony questioned every decision he made that day. But it raised another question, what was Steve talking about? All he remembers was being hit by an energy blast.
“But then again, their little altercation probably had some more drama to it then most people know.” She stated vaguely.
Steve felt himself stop breathing for a moment. He turned to his companions with a shocked gaze.
Speaking of the basement, Steve's only been down there a few times in the year he's been here. The place just gives him the willies, that, and the attic. They both just have an energy to them that just isn't inviting. So the soldier doesn't allow anyone in these rooms. Fearing that something bad could happen to them. He wasn't superstitious about a lot of things, but there was just something
"Anyway, that's not why we're here." Tony went on, looking at Steve directly, "The three of us have noticed how distant you've seemed since...
"Careful Now, Steve. Don't steal my man now!" She joked.
The End.
Tony's moans began to become more and more frequent, as did Steve's. The brunette suddenly lifted his head from the pillow. Whilst, the super-soldier dropped his head back into Tony's neck. Time itself suddenly seemed to stop for them, and sit still. Their lovemaking, finally, hitting a climax.
"Thank you." Steve mouthed.
A golden ray of sunshine is what Tony saw when he opened his eyes. He thought he died. Seriously, he checked his pulse and everything. But nope, he was still alive. And this ray of sunshine was enough to live for hundreds of lifetimes.
..." It uttered, "You will no longer
He chuckled at his comment. And then just left without saying another word. It seemed weird. Just as weird as the whole 'Shield using the tesseract for weapons' scenario. The team just stood around. They had a solution, but to what avail. Nat was the first to get up from the table.
Meanwhile, Steve had opened the curtain to see the other fuming. "Let it go. They're excited about the snow is all.".
Pepper remembers when they planned to buy the home. It was just after their honeymoon, as Tony was already looking at places to stay. He stumbled upon this beautiful place and instantly fell in love with it.
Who, already had a distressed leather coat, combat boots, and a simple blue trapper hat, on. "No, it's okay. I promise.".
The agent, and Sam stumbled into the foyer, both crashing into the staircase. With the agent down, Sam and Steve took this time to bind his hands quickly, and lift him onto his feet.
He took his hands, and cupped the side of Tony's face, bringing the brunette's lips back to his. But this one was fiery. With each breath being given between the two, the other would clash to deepen their passionate act.
"No, I don't mind.".
Nat felt her eyes roll before she continued. "Well that something was kind of big.".
"It must be my lucky day though." He stated.
Steve smirked. “It’s a thing called asking.” He stated.
Suddenly, he heard a car's engine just out front, but it swerved all the way around to the back. Steve rushed over to the back attic window and could see an Audi parked by the garage.
Steve felt a snicker leave his lips, but still waited for her to finish explaining herself.
Steve suddenly watched as the brunet asked Annalise to give them a moment, to which she reluctantly agreed, and he ushered Steve into the back right bedroom. This one had shag carpet, with a flower-covered wallpaper along its walls. The ceilings in the bedroom still smooth and flat.
“Damn. Well I guess you’re lost cause then, Steve!”.
Steve nodded at her quip, and swiftly entered the building. Sam and Nat following close behind him. There were at least two catwalks on opposite sides of the room, which lead to smaller hallways/corridors that lead deeper into the factory.
Okay this does have Tony in it. But truthfully, who else would Nat call? Anyway, more is coming, and yes it will get a little ugly, and action-packed.
But anyway, the blip, the snap, whatever you'd call it. Steve still was helping people. Tony felt himself give off a smug smirk. 'Typical Rogers.' He thought.
Steve chuckled in response. He then tugged on Tony's arm. Bringing the brunette close to him.  Sealing the space between them with a gentle kiss. Placing his hands along the brunette's lower back.
"You can rain check, but I'm pretty sure I have some cheerleaders here, who would be happy to hear more of this idea." Tony protested.
Clint kept the rest of the men company as Steve took one last glance around his empty apartment. The memories of his time there beginning to race through his mind.
After their discussion, she had informed the super-soldier, of her and Morgan's absence at the house tonight, and that he could drop by then. Leaving the idea of telling Tony, about their discussion in town, a mystery.
"And I've loved this friendship we've created from all this time. And, I know us trying to keep our ‘situation’ a secret has been a lot to deal with. So... here it goes..." Steve took a breath in. He was going to do it.
“Come on, you guys are tired. And I don’t want you driving this late at night!” Steve crossed his arms around his chest.
”It’ll be like taking a wild bear off a feisty cat!” Nat exaggerated. The trio hee-hawed for some seconds, as the elevator was nearing the first floor.
And it made the philanthropist hopeful for something more platonic with the soldier. Maybe, just maybe... he could call Cap, a genuine friend one day.
Eventually, though, the only people that ended up knowing, other than Tony, were Clint, Bruce, Rhodey, Peter Parker, even Fury & Maria Hill knew about it.
"For telling me about Stark... Tony." He uttered, "I know my headspace hasn't been the greatest since... what happened... in Germany.".
“We’re going to need a car. Which, if you haven’t noticed, we don’t have any.” Sam quipped.
"Are you okay?" Tony asked softly.
"Well, we all haven't had much sleep these last few days, and honestly it's about time we did!" Tony said amusingly. He stood up, walked over to Steve.
Steve pulled Tony's hand up to his lips and kissed it softly. Slowly, he let it go. "Well then, you now owe me a date.".
Another thing that caught his eye was the undeniably bland color scheme. This was anything but the opposite of appraisal. It had baby blueish walls with white oak hardwood floors. Any modern-day person would've been in heaven, but for someone as old-fashioned as Steve. This was a little too modern for him. And the aforementioned blandness of it didn't help his situation at all.
Something about seeing the brunet all domestic, and away from the stressful life of the Avengers, just made Steve realize how much he cared for Tony. How much he wanted to have Tony back in his life.
A Few Hours Earlier...
Steve sighed in relief. He looked to his feet below him. And took another breath. His hand came back up to the door. His knuckles were mere inches from the screen door.
"You really are a man of words, aren't you." Steve continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
However, a kiss was simply not enough for the philanthropist. He was craving the man.
Tony, earlier, had called the landlord of the property (surprised there was even one to begin with, with the current situation it's in) and asked if he could meet them to discuss purchasing the house.
Yes, the Ziggy character, and her backstory are based off the same character from Netflix’s Fear Street Part Two: 1978. I just loved her and Cindy so much that I just had to include them here. Plus it’s my story, canon was thrown out the window a long time ago, lol!
Tony looked up at him after that last sentence. Swallowing the last of the nuts, his face just read, amusingly confused. His train of thought however, was going haywire. Why would he be concerned? Or at least this much, to get back up from his deep sleep and talk to him?
“So what is it?” He said afterward.
After it took him nearly 30 painful minutes to get dressed, he finally realized that his bed was empty. 'Did Pepper come home?' He thought. Tony honestly didn't want to know the answer. If she did, then it must've been awkward. If she didn't, did she... leave... maybe even with Morgan? More questions he didn't want the answer.
"Nope. That's my job."
Seriously, she wore a plain black jacket, some rather comfortable tights, black Adidas, and a random maroon-colored baseball cap. But for the final touch, she threw a pair of dark shades across her eyes.
"No, I haven't. I did hear someone arrive last night, but not else." Steve answered.
Eventually Steve looked to Natasha, and she began her explanation.
Steve went to grab Tony's hand while lacing their fingers together. Only hearing the sound of Tony's soft breathing. "I... I would love to run with it. If you'd like?".
Once there, Steve was on the ground with his assailant above him. His hands around the super soldier's neck, and his knee lodged in the soldier's wound. Leaving Steve in a silent, croakily, scream.
The light above them began to flicker. The creature now leaning over the table, inching its way closer to the soldier.
"I'm alright, I guess. And Hello to you too, Morgan." Steve smirked as he had heard Morgan in the background, "Anyway I was wondering if I could ask you something.".
Before she could continue chasing him, the man was long gone. Nat looked around and fled back to the market. While heading back, she announced her dilemma over the comm. No response came. In fact it was just white noise.
The father once again brought his eyes to hers, and finally nodded in a truce. Maria and Clint sighed in relief, as well. A few more seconds of some self-composure and the driver held his hand out and repeated, "That'll be 35.56, please.".
Nevertheless, she grew to like it. The lame being her favorite part of it all. Sometimes each morning, she would come and sit at the banks of the lake and softly hum to herself. Mostly for when she was feeling down.
"I don't know?! Just say you're getting your hair done, or something else?!".
A few minutes would pass, as he would feel a yawn coming. And when it did, it felt exhilarating. He was honestly so done with this day. Spinning on his feet, he closed the monitor, and left the lab. Leaving all to be discussed, in the morning.
Steve, desperately, needed a change.
A grin appeared on her face, and the young avenger took another deep breath in. Shot it back out, and focused on her reflection. She was going to be okay.
Steve shot his eyes up. Tony flashed an egotistical smile, realizing that he was correct. As he always is. Steve smiled along, looking back to his feet in mild disbelief.
Its shimmering exterior had not changed since the last time he saw it. Parking lot was still not packed, the bar stools were still filled with happy-go-lucky people, and one employee doing the night shift. So really nothing different.
with you, all you had to do was ask." Tony grinned.
"Keep it up, Shellhead, and the next miracle your seeing is me blinding you." She smiled mischievously.
Tony eventually got unclothed himself, no help there. While the other crawled on top of him slowly, being gentle as can be, with eyes of desire.
"I gotta head back to the compound. Natasha's usually there by herself, and looks forward to our visits.".
"My god, you have no idea." Tony snickered, "Now, what is it?"
The silence deafened any more discussions that day.
"What? Who?" The defense in his tone was there now. His smile, however, remained.
