John pressed his lips together and smiled. “Yeah. Pretty sure. I’ve had over half my life to think it through, alright?”
John abandoned Sherlock’s thighs and moved straight to his cock. If John put himself here, the other cunt would know to fuck right off.  John began with his cheeks. He ran them from the base of the knot, already half-filled, to the crown pushing out of the foreskin and back down, completely oblivious to Sherlock’s gasps and fluttering hands as they struggled to find what to touch. His hot prick bobbed against John’s face, scribbling pre-cum on his skin, as he went over it in its entirety.
“My room. Along with the proper accessories.” Sherlock shifted, uncrossing his legs and throwing his arms out. Drama queen. “Scent me before you go.”
“When he gets older and his scent matures, the frequency should go down.” Sherlock only actively scented a handful of objects in the flat; his violin, his chair, the skull, and John when he could get away with it. “He’ll produce enough pheromones to naturally fill his space. That will happen when he hits puberty.”
“Oh. Right. Sorry.” John had no age preference. He quickly checked them all. “Sorry, is it possible to make a request for something that isn’t on the intake form?”
John should use acid. Just dump it right over. There was some in the crisper that John had given up throwing out. Sherlock always replaced it. Why not. Sherlock had money to buy another scarf, ten even. And a new sink. And anything else that might dissolve.
Bloody decades, since he had lived in a space that smelled like him. He didn’t know what that would do to him now if the flat smelled like Sherlock and him together. Like bondmates. He was already struggling to parse out his elevated reactions to Sherlock that had revved up exponentially in the last week.
Lestrade continued talking about the case, never ceasing his movements. John settled into himself and let Lestrade’s voice turn into background noise. He rolled his head against the patterned wallpaper.
Would he ever be able to do that again? Would he be able to go into a local, pick up a Beta woman and fuck them in the alley with their dress bunched up around their hips and their underwear nudged aside with his cock. Right. He was absolutely a pervert.
Sherlock made a possessive gesture, curling his hand near around John’s neck, almost as if he meant to drag John forward, then let go. His hand moved back to resting at the edge of John’s shirt.
“It’s okay Val,” he said softly. He addressed John and Sherlock without looking at them. “You have no proof. I’ve called the police. You will be arrested if you’re still here for causing an Omega due distress in their territory. I’d suggest you leave.”
John snatched the bags and sighed when he realized they contained a full three-piece suit in a green eerily similar to the green in the plaid Sherlock had picked out. This suit had obviously been picked out to taunt Sherlock. John sighed again. Another headache. He had never quite understood the power games Sherlock and Mycroft played with each other. He used the trousers and the jacket and ignored the waistcoat and shirt.
“A date?” Mrs. Hudson asked, scandalized. “But you spent your time here. I thought, even if you two didn’t bond, surely.”
John squared his shoulders. He refused to have a repeat of yesterday and that meant finding an Alpha. He entered the restaurant. The host smiled at him and led him towards one of the private rooms. He slid open the door and gestured John inside.
“They used to compete. Sometimes it came down to who could sit on a cock faster. They’d both wear Omega style trousers. Could just slip everything right in.”
Sherlock directed John to spin around and John obliged. “I have good taste. You’ll do,” Sherlock said.
John was going to strangle him. He’d feel Mycroft’s airway give way under pressure as he squeezed down with his weight—he’d hear the stuttering breath and watch the eyes flicker in desperation. John’s hand started shaking and the fork dropped out of his grip.
Shame curled up John’s neck, red and blotchy as he flexed his toes against the faded rug. John tried to clear his throat and failed. Another near whine slipped out and he quickly glanced at his feet. This was bloody embarrassing. He was supposed to have control over all these useless instincts.
Hamish had always roughly grabbed John by the shoulders, his hands pressing against John’s scent gland and demanding obedience in an Alpha strong grip. He liked to drag John up and down the street, pointing out the houses and cars. If Harry didn’t follow, he’d grab her too, yank her around by her arms. Sometimes, it was worse; after John had rejected several Alphas in a row. Hamish would grab John by the jaw and force his head to turn and bury him in angry pheromones that made him cower.
Sherlock relaxed his grip on his cock, splaying his fingers wide. Sherlock’s hands dwarfed half the objects he picked up; John’s cock included. His long fingers and wide palm had completely engulfed John’s prick, sheathing it in warm callouses. John wished he’d been able to see Sherlock jack him off.
Sherlock shuffled John upright and climbed ungracefully over him to sit down closest to Mycroft. He quickly dumped the Belstaff over John’s shoulders and held his hand across the table.
“That wouldn’t go well for either of us I’m afraid. So, let us refrain from physical violence. I’ve prepared a few qualified bondmates, who would be available for heat service and then disappear to let you continue on accompanying my brother on his little adventures.”
The Omega taxi was perfect. The driver was a Beta and wore gloves, leaving no extra scent for John to pick up and filter out. The inside used altered neutralizers that had trace amounts of natural smells to soften the chemical burn that swamped most public spaces. John relaxed in the back seat, enjoying a ride for the first time in months.
What’s important is Henry’s Alpha didn’t. What does that mean? Potentially he’s unbonded. If word got out that an Omega died during their heat while being attended to by an Alpha, that Alpha wouldn’t be let near another Omega. Unlikely, given our other two Alphas were bonded. So. Who does an Alpha call to deal with a dead Omega? He could certainly afford to find the right people to help hide the body.  I paid £100,000 for one evening at the club—"
“I’ve always found it to be an evolutionary miracle that Omegas managed to survive through the years and that it took man-made chemicals to actually do harm to the global population. If you could see yourself, Dr. Watson. Here you are, a man of some intelligence who is quite capable of physical alterations and a crack shot rendered useless by pheromones,” Mycroft said.
Lestrade strode over and bent down again. He placed a paper cup on the floor. Sherlock picked it up and wrinkled his nose.
“Is your chaperone running late?” Fin asked.  “I did order us a starting tea service but we can wait for the rest of the courses.”
“My Omega wanted to ask after Henry, he hadn’t heard anything in a bit and said he wanted to pop on by,” Sherlock smoothed over. “You don’t mind of course? You know how Omegas get. They can be so fixated on something they want. I’ve always found it best to indulge him.”
“What did you do about heats before you had access?” Dr. Jones asked. “There’s nothing noted about it on your records.”
The problem of being in heat was that arousal never really went away. It was tempered down by hormones and nudged to the backburner with the extra Beta shot he wasn’t even supposed to take. But it was always there.
John smiled thinly. “Then I have nothing to worry about. And I don’t plan on it. Spending my heats here.”
Questions stuck to John’s tongue and clogged his throat. He dug his phone out instead. “Henry Talbot. Used to be a regular. Left for his heat and hasn’t shown up since.”
John had hoped to scrape by a few more years. Just old enough for Alphas to not take notice. Who wanted an almost infertile Omega?
“Who would notice?” Sherlock asked back. “Mycroft is never going to make use of them and Mummy prefers not to go to social events in her dotage.”
“I know you’ve read the studies of Omegas in non-A/O couples. Once Omegas reach their late thirties, they need Alpha attendants for their heats. As your doctor, as an Omega specialist, I’m telling you, you need a heat partner.”
“We are working on a case where one million will be less than some of the Alphas make in a week. This is mild by their standards. I’ve already taken an uncalculated risk by not grabbing some of the flashier pieces. Ah.” Sherlock flared around. “One last thing.”
Dr. Jones grinned back. “No. Even at forty, you have another ten years of fertility if not a few more.”
“Um.” John glanced down at the clothes. “Nice socks,” John said with a quick grin. “Could use a green pair next time you go out.”
A sharp grin lit up Sherlock’s face. “No, I think not. Tell me, how much does an unbonded Omega’s heat sell for?”
“Eight days ago. I had a smoke with a client while you were stuck in the tube. I haven’t had one since.”
Sherlock’s phone rang. He silenced it and John stretched his arm out. Noah pinched some of the fabric under John’s armpit and instructed him to repeat the movement. Sherlock’s phone rang again.
It was harder to deal with the dead Omega in this room if John was honest with himself. In Afghanistan, everything was always just a bit fucked. It was expected.
“I’m so sorry,” Sherlock said again, sounding utterly horrified. “I can’t imagine. That’s always my worst fear as mine gets up in age.”
“I’m surprised you’d take me somewhere public. I was getting used to the warehouse meeting spots,” John said.
The Omega taxi pulled up to the pavement. John stepped forward and handed his ID for scanning. The best thing about Omega taxis was they were fast. Five minutes fast. Often when Sherlock booked them a ride, they had to wait upwards of thirty minutes for one to bugger over.
Theo cleared his throat, a hot blush climbing up his neck. “One, with allowance for the number to go up at your discretion.”
The middle shelf was currently hosting a string of airdrying tongues. It had been there for almost a month. Oliver had pulled the Belstaff off the table and was examining it, turning it over in his hands and Sherlock watched, completely unphased.
“Sorry, he's a bit of an arsehole,” John interrupted. “It's not. We believe Henry was murdered. Anything you could do to help us.”
“The British government has always held its Omegas in the highest of regards. When a sudden large influx of Omega slick comes on the market from less savory sources there is always a concern of an Omega ring.”
Methodically, John trailed his nose along the coat. Every time Oliver’s scent peaked up he smothered it his own, smearing his cheek or wrist all over it. Sherlock probably wouldn’t notice. Probably. John licked his lips. He did his best to put the Belstaff back exactly as it had been before going up to his room for a quick change. If they wanted information on David Wood he’d need to pop into his Omega clinic and request information on practicing Omega specialists in London.
“I can take care of it. I just need Alpha pheromones and a giant piece of silicone to hit my O-gland to trigger the backlog of hormones.”
John swung himself into a sitting position at the edge of the bed. He shoved his head in-between his knees and dug his hands into his legs, trying to curb his panic.
Sherlock folded up John’s sleeves with short precise movements, stopping halfway up his forearm and exposing both of his scent glands.  Sherlock selected two of the clips and secured each sleeve in place before doing the same with his own.
“No, I think the history is a bit of a put-off. A downer isn’t it? That it all started from slavery.”
“The medical journals you keep all state a copious amount of nutrients are needed to keep an Omega in good health. They had varied recommendations.”
All of John’s aids were shoved in the back of his wardrobe in a duffle bag that Sherlock had only gone through once then declared boring. He only owned a few, mostly small ones that were unobtrusive and easy to introduce to one time or short-term partners. He always wanted a little something in his arse during suppressed heats. It didn’t have to be a full-on monster Alpha cock. A moderate dildo or a self-inflating knot did the job. As long as it was something to clench against while he came, it suited.
It was just the mask. John assured himself. If he was able to scent anything, it would all be fine. Studies that had come out in the ’90s had shown it traumatized Omegas more when deprived of natural pheromones.
“Green is so last season,” Sherlock said. Sherlock walked to the top of the bed and picked up the O-lariat. “May I?”
“Your family declined to comment at the time if your sister was seeing any Alphas besides the potential matches.”
“Well, not mine. Are you wearing pants? Is that how you get away with your trousers being so tight?”
“For after those boys leave,” Mrs. Hudson said firmly. “Just give the area a bit of a spritz and send Sherlock down to collect the takeaway. I have something for him too.”
Tom shushed him again and bent down to brush their cheeks together. Finally, he let go of John’s wrist as he made a move for John’s hips instead. John tried to bolt and Hamish grabbed his neck.
Sherlock waited impatiently for Oliver and his chaperone to collect the belongings before he near bodied them out of the flat. John sat in the chair he heard them start descending the stairs before springing up and aggressively spraying the couch. He wanted every echo of Omega scent gone. His was the only one allowed in the flat.
Ended up not working on this for a few days during the holidays. WIll be back to the 4/5 day update schedule after this. On a side note, have you ever counted how many tables John and Sherlock have in the flat? They have three, plus the coffee table. Two in the kitchen and one in the main room. I was a bit boggled when I realized I had to describe which table in which room. I've had to split this chapter, it ended up being almost double the length. As consequence, I'm bumping the total chapters up as I realized a later chapter would have the same problem.
Sherlock tried to shift them. John refused to be budged. If Sherlock tried again, John would put him in a headlock. Rendering Sherlock unconscious from there would be simple and John could continue uninterrupted.
“I was told to be thankful,” Sherlock said. He crossed his legs and relaxed back into the chair, draping his arm over the back.
“Omegas have a value on them inferred by what people are willing to pay. That number happens to be quite high.”
“They’re from the family collection.” Sherlock touched the crest and John shivered. “Rather ridiculous, don’t you think?”
John couldn’t look at the mirror. He’d see the two of them standing side by side looking like something he’d never entertained having. And there was also. He slid his fingers under the sapphires, watching them glitter. If other people saw him like this. He swallowed and dropped the necklace.
“You know,” John said as he was ducking out. “You could do a bit of adverts if you wanted more business. Could run something like ‘Home to the only practicing Omega doctor in the UK,’ would be a nice photo opt. Might even get featured on the telly.”
“Oh. The hallway. You’re welcome,” Sherlock said when he had puzzled it out. “This can’t be any different than scenting those boring Beta women you date. Easier, I would think. Just my torso and up would do. Thanks.”
“No. Mycroft spent the entirety of a Boxing Day complaining how Hawaii was the worst island holiday possible because the group he’d went with wanted to spend it hiking rather than eating and laying on the beach.”
John brushed Sherlock’s hand aside and started toward the door. A stray scent caught John’s attention. He stopped walking and sniffed.
“I’m sorry.” Tom knelt, putting him at John’s height. “I came on a bit strong. I know presenting as an Omega must have been scary for you. I was just overwhelmed.” Tom picked up one of John’s discarded shirts on the floor and rubbed it against his face. He shuddered. “You’re the best thing I’ve ever scented.”
Dr. Jones smiled at him. She gave his knee a quick pat. “Good. I’ll leave you to get changed. Just head to reception after you’re finished and we can get you set for next week.”
“Who does anyone obsessively keep track of? Maybe a family member. Maybe a best friend. Most definitely an illicit lover.”
“We’re preferring to keep it quiet,” Mrs. Talbot said. “We do not want our son’s death in the news.”
“That begs the question,” John said. “There’s no real indicator. There aren’t really any studies for my situation, best I can do is an educated guess and that is pretty shite, honestly. As soon as two days really. Maybe longer.”
Please, just shove it. John kept the thought to himself. It was already nearing too much. Sherlock did the opposite. He eased it in, letting John feel the drag of every bump and the stretch as the bulging knot pushed in.
Lestrade joined him as Sherlock circled the body. “Was a bit shocking to get a call for this,” Lestrade said. “This is the first Omega I’ve ever been called in on. Have you ever?”
“I’m sure John would be happy to acquaint them with the barrel of his gun if they tried to paw at him.”
So many things. The posh boy. The posh Omega boy. The posh Omega boy touching him. The posh Omega boy scenting him, smearing his barely developed stench all over Sherlock’s tightly tailored clothes. The posh Omega boy touching Sherlock’s cock through his trousers. Getting Sherlock off in a room full of people with his posh Omega boy arse bared to the room.
John fumbled with his work bag, pointedly ignoring the slight tremble as he struggled with the straps.  He brought his hand up to his mouth and pressed. He needed to calm down. He’d scented the bloody door. It was not the end of the world. He was just going to need to pay more attention. At least he had caught it right away unlike earlier.
When John failed to open the folder, Mycroft did it himself and dragged out the top sheet of paper with one finger, an irritated expression on his face.
The table in the main room was covered with takeaway. There were two boxes from the local chippy, the exact same dishes from the dodgy Chinese place down the street that they had ordered last week, the sandwich box John often grabbed from Speedy’s on the way to the clinic, and several bags from Angelo’s.
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the doorframe.  “Morning boys, I brought a bit of brekkie. I thought you’d both be tired with all the goings-on yesterday. John dear, should you be out of bed?” Mrs. Hudson said as she breezed into the flat.
“The staff had to be very careful in fetching it and it gave me the opportune time to ask questions.”
“Of course, I noticed, John,” Sherlock said. “You scent nothing in the flat. At first, I thought it was jitters or being uncomfortable with our different genders, but you continued to and actively sought to eradicate your personal scent. I can hardly smell it most days. You wash your sheets every time you masturbate when you should be doing the opposite. You spray your dirty laundry every night before going to bed and you borrow Mrs. Hudson’s perfume to spritz your chair because it has strong floral notes that override your softer ones.”
“You like chips,” John reminded. “It’s one of the only things I see you actually eat outside of a proper breakfast.”
John yanked out a wipe from his workbag. He cleaned the handle thoroughly, going over it several times. The last thing he needed was random Alphas trying to come in off the street. Not a trace could remain. He watched himself as he opened the door and then closed it, firmly keeping the touching to just his fingers.
“The NHS stated in one of their more recent studies that multiple scentings between an unmated pair in a close time frame could encourage prebonding pheromones. Seeing as we’re both adjusting to your new hormone levels with rather volatile—”
Sherlock held for a moment. His breath flitted across John’s skin as his lips hovered just over the slightly engorged scent gland. With every second John felt his gland hotly pulse, craving any attention from Sherlock. John shivered. The want to grab the back of Sherlock’s neck and force him to bite down was strong. To finish what they started hardly two days ago.
“Can’t blame me for trying. You are a very good doctor. When you show up. I’ll need to brush up on legislation for what we’ll need to provide. Will you need your own office?”
The relief offered by Sherlock’s touch shifted from comforting to the first warm hum of arousal. John cursed himself out in his head. What would he say if Sherlock noticed? There was no way it would go well. John caught Sherlock’s hand and forced it still. He cleared his throat to banish a whine he felt building at the loss, praying Sherlock kept his gaze forward and not down.
The words hit John over the head. His breath stuttered. He remembered the heavy body above him, larger and thicker, forcing him still, telling him to just be good. That all he needed to be was good. That he’d be taken care of. While tied down. While gagged. Just be good. And he had loved it. Those words erased everything. Good Omega.
“Was it the Omega from yesterday that set your heat off?”  Sherlock asked. He picked up his shirt and frowned at it.
He dug out a scent strip from his pocket, peeled away the backing, and carefully stuck it up his nose. He sniffled, getting used to the invasive feeling. The first time he had tried them a few weeks ago he had sneezed them right out and wasted an entire pack before he managed to keep them in for the suggested hour. If Sherlock had noticed the excessive number of them in the bathroom bin, he had not deigned to say anything.
John’s pheromones fully filled the space, embedding itself in the very air. There was no denying who Sherlock belonged to now and it would stick for hours.
Sherlock set down a cup of coffee and gave John’s elbow a cursory touch that shifted to a quick scenting. It was the third that morning. John licked his lips. It was normal Alpha behavior. He shouldn’t be noticing it. He picked up the coffee and stopped before drinking.
“Don’t like the truth?” George goaded. “Bet you’re exactly the same. Only want it when you’re dripping for it.”
Sherlock glanced up at John. “Why would I remember a boring case? Deleted it. Complete waste of space.”
Sherlock sat in one of his awkward perches, limbs askew and proving the worth of his expensive suits when the fabric stretched to accommodate. If John tried sitting like that in any of the clothes he owned he was completely sure they would just rip in half.
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture. “I’ve been told, that if nothing else, the British have tradition.”
Sherlock selected another box and pulled out a large bonding pin. John held still as Sherlock finished, his hands lingering on the small of John’s back again with another quick scenting. John pretended to not notice and they left with John wearing more jewelry than he ever had in his lifetime.
Sherlock helped John into a new topcoat and donned one from his closet that John had never seen before. Sherlock glanced down at his watch. “I’ve ordered us separate taxis. It's imperative that you appear single to my bonded. That will allow us to peruse very different crowds. We’ll just be observing tonight, establishing a baseline to make further inquiries.”
“Alright,” Lestrade said. He pressed the button on the microphone. “Interview suspended at 16:28. To be resumed.”
Officially, Henry Talbot died due to heat complications on the 8th of April at two pm, the location was redacted. John turned back to the front of the autopsy report with mounting disbelief. The report started out routine, recording Henry’s height, age, and position on death. Then it continued as if it had been perfectly normal for Henry to die at nineteen with no prior health issues. There were no noted anomalies, all physical attributes were marked as unremarkable and the gross description section was textbook.
Sherlock reached for John and tried to pull him up. John’s legs failed to cooperate and it was like a child holding a doll. A dark expression crossed Sherlock’s face.
“Brilliant,” Finn said with a grin. “I don’t think anyone I’ve ever met has guessed from my fingers. Ruins my gift, though.”
Pheromones burst out, filling John’s mouth and saturating the air around them. Better. A ragged moan left Sherlock’s lips and his grip slackened and John echoed with his own short moans. He dug his teeth in more, dragging them against the bruising scent gland. He hadn’t broken the skin. A good or bad thing; John didn’t know. He couldn’t focus on anything but the bloody horrid scent.
His entire worth for the case up until now had solely revolved around the simple fact that he was an Omega. Not John. It didn’t matter that he was a doctor, and that he’d served in the RAMC and that he could keep up with Sherlock Holmes. Twenty-five years and he was thirteen again, his entire worth being rewritten by his arse. Like it was the only thing John was good for.
“What does a normal sibling relationship entail? Should we adopt the Watson tradition of only speaking on holidays or when visiting the hospital?”
“Right. No.” John cleared his throat. “I don’t need an Alpha for my heats. I’ve been handling them on my own for years.”
“You know the lights will turn on,” John said. He flicked on the lights in the main room and dropped his work bag on the coffee table. “I’ve been paying our bills.”
“Excellent! We were just worried." Sherlock tugged John forward and John let himself be pulled flush against Sherlock’s coat. “We didn’t want to be somewhere with. Well. You know, don’t you?”
Some figured John was a woman with a cock and no tits. For others, he was the kink for the day, a once in a lifetime experience and twice a bet between mates at the local. He was a twatted bint, and punched because what was a bloke doing with a cunt up his arse or what was wrong with him because obviously, something was.
Everything was a very dark green; the wallpaper, the furniture, the sparse decorations, and the floor. Not a single other color. John didn’t know what he expected from a place called the Green Torch, honestly. A fully circular bar gleamed in the center of the club with the backdrop of floor to ceiling mirrors.
That was to be expected, John had learned while lying face down on an examination table. He had tried not to cry while the doctor chatted away above him. His legs had been spread and strapped down as a cold speculum pushed into his arse searching for his vaginal cavity.
John dressed. He pointedly ignored how everything fit perfectly and that he was wearing an obscene amount of pounds. He flexed his toes in the shoes, listening to the creak of new leather and Sherlock joined him, already dressed, and completely put together.
Sherlock’s fingers tapped over John’s ribs. “We’d been hoping to take a short holiday to the Maldives but I’m afraid business is keeping us for a few more weeks.”
John scratched at his face. Harry had had an unofficial ceremony in the '90s before it was legal. He honestly hadn’t even looked at it since he’d worn it for the event.
The car was idling a street down, tucked off the main road with Mycroft waiting inside. Blessedly, the interior of the vehicle smelled like cleaning chemicals and only a whisp of an Alpha’s scent.  Sherlock threw a fit every time John came home smelling like Mycroft. The heating blasted on and the car moved. John shivered.
“Enough going wrong for you to take your anger out on another Omega?” Lestrade asked, speaking for the first time since John came back.
What was left after the fierce surge of pride was failure. Not the easy kind that was solved with a cup of tea or a few episodes of crap telly. It was standing over a body in the operating room and hearing the heart monitor flatline and watching the lungs stop moving. Utterly paralyzing in the amount of space it consumed and the resounding knowledge that he had tried and it wasn’t good enough.
“Yes,” Sherlock dragged out. “Cheery idea. Ask the post-menopausal Omega to somehow dredge up enough scent to make it seem like we’re bondmates.”
“The question we always start with, John—why? Why would an Omega have a fake autopsy report? Or the better question is why did they think they could get away with such an abysmal attempt.”
“No reason to get so testy and so early in the morning too. Some things just aren’t to be brought up.”
“Change of plans, John. We get to have a test run,” Sherlock said. He looked at Noah. “The plaid suit, I need it looking finished in an hour.”
John shoved his hands in his pockets and waited. The coat was nice, warm. Probably some fancy expensive blend of fabrics from some equally expensive brand. The ID was handed back and John gave his address before slipping into the cab.
Sherlock rumbled out a laugh and John’s attention went back across the room. It was a delighted laugh, one that meant an experiment or deduction turned out well. A pleased smile curled up the Omega’s face and in a smooth, single movement the Omega joined Sherlock on the daybed. He tucked himself coyishly at Sherlock’s knee. John didn’t know what Sherlock was playing for.
The thought of an Alpha under him, large hands yanking him down over and over and just fucking him, letting slick slap between them on every thrust as their skin rubbed red. The Alpha chasing the pop of his knot as the bulge grew to where it caught and pulled on every thrust and jerk and prod. John made a noise.
John shook Noah’s hand with a firm clasp. A mistake, John realized; Noah was an Alpha and he proceeded to slide his hand up to John’s forearm and rub their wrists together in a traditional Alpha greeting, introducing their scents together.
“You know that isn’t true,” Dr. Jones said patiently. “Without an Alpha your body will continue to overproduce in an attempt to attract one. You will not be in a state of mind to take care of yourself and replenish all the fluids you will be losing. Severe hydration will kill you while you are near clinically insane. Is that how you want to die?”
John hummed in affirmation. “The same time A/A and O/O couples were approved for adoption rights. You would have been pretty young I imagine.”
During John’s panic attack Sherlock had let him do just that. With no hesitation or remorse or expectation that it be returned. Of course, Sherlock would see nothing wrong with asking for something he’d already thought was established between the two of them. Asking him to help John the next morning probably hadn’t helped matters either. And they had gotten off together.
John had presented at thirteen, to his confusion. Neither he nor Harry understood and Hamish was too pissed off his tits to notice. Omegas were a foreign concept only on the telly or in the royal family. They didn’t exist in council flats in Chelmsford. The only one to notice was a school nurse when John came in with stomach cramps that weren’t. Even then, it took Hamish several days to sober up enough to manage them to the doctors.
“There’s nothing here,” John started up again, “not a single bloody note. Everything is unremarkable. Heat complications, really.” Irritated, John dropped the autopsy on the table. “It’s either faked or forged or done by a student about to flunk an exam.”
“Until I ended up in the Thames. That seems dull. You think he could arrange for something a bit more exotic?”
Sherlock presented himself over a daybed, one leg stretched out and the other bent to touch the floor. He had made a giant arrow to his crotch. His head was propped up on his bent elbow and a slight smirk warmed his face. A group of Omegas crowded around him, vying for his attention. John let out a breath. Right.
Her expression sobered. “That does mean you’ll need an Alpha attendant for any upcoming heats. I can have a list of Alpha services both private and public funded.” She pulled out a bunch of laminated flyers from a folder on the desk.
Warring instincts paralyzed him. Part of him wanted to utterly cower and hide and beg and just bare his neck—it was the arresting moments before a bomb went off, just waiting in silence for luck to decide the outcome. Mycroft smiled at him. Fucking bastard.
The Alpha ran his hands over John’s body as the knot slowly deflated and John felt heavy. His body was sinking into the mattress and eyes fought him. As John passed out, he swore he heard the steady beat of skin on skin and another man’s muffled grunts.
A slight smile stole over her face. “It would make this job a bit more exciting for you. Enough to compete with cases?”
“We’ll just have to avoid that in the future. I can synthesize a scent for us. Probably. I’ll need some of your ejaculate and I’ll need to run tests. Hold still, John. I’ll be right back.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “Why not? I’m hardly going to ravish you. You’d be safe in your room.” He shuffled a bit. “I wouldn’t let anyone up. No Alpha is going to show up and try to bond you.”
“You are. Well.” John stopped. “Those are things an Alpha would want for their first rut and,” John cut himself off.
John bowed his head into the dip of Sherlock’s pelvis and breathed in. Sherlock only smelled like Sherlock. Good. He smeared himself against Sherlock’s thighs and threaded his free fingers through Sherlock’s trimmed pubic hair.
The oven door clattered open. The stud house had sent an email. John licked his lips and clicked on it. They had forwarded the contact information for the two Alphas that John had picked out. They were both blokes. He had been hoping for a bird.
The bus ride from Chelmsford to London was just over an hour. John had spent several teenage years crammed in a seat with Harry next to him and Hamish sitting across, beer in hand. The three of them rode the bus into London and transferred to a second bus that carried them to Knightsbridge where Hamish would order John and Harry off.
He tugged harder on his own cock. It had slicked itself up prettily with pre-cum, had a nice shine under the lights of the room. It wasn’t silly. Wanting to be touched like this. He rolled his forehead against the table and came.
John locked the door behind him and sunk into Sherlock’s scent, letting it soothe his raw Omega instincts. It worked surprisingly fast, tempering down the simmering panic that prickled his skin and had haunted him since he woke up. The incessant need to continually glance over his shoulder for ghosts eased. He moved to the couch and sat down.
Sherlock held himself above John, rapidly blinking and searching John’s face. Carefully, he let John’s legs down to rest on the floor. He tucked John’s robe back around him and he scented the air several times.
John moved to follow then stopped. He flexed his hands and licked his lips. Cautiously, he glanced over his shoulder.
“There was one. I think it was nominated for a few rewards. The government used to assign Alpha slaves to Beta households. Very depressing. But those are the films that get all the attention, aren’t they?”
He dragged his hand up and down, wincing at how dry it still was. But that was good. It’d keep him in his right mind. Not like an Alpha would touch his prick anyways. The few times he’d asked he’d been either ignored or laughed at and called ‘silly.’
John startled at that. Sherlock had never said. He’d just assumed it was something Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to.
John whipped his head around. He had not heard Sherlock come up the stairs or open the door. Sherlock made no move to enter. He held out his wrist to John, in a traditional greeting. A snarl curled on John’s face. He did not want an Alpha here.
“Navy, I should think,” Sherlock said. He took his coat off and draped it over the back of one of the two chairs in the room. He sat down and leaned forward, utterly focused on the two of them.
John’s eyebrows climbed up his face. That is what Sherlock had meant and it also meant the bloody bastard had been through his porn recently. After the stint of the dildo on the chair he had gone on the hunt for a bit of chair sex. In another situation, John was enough of a man to admit he wouldn’t mind watching it in real-time. He couldn’t imagine it being comfortable though, with all the steam covering everything.
“Haven’t spent that much time looking at them, to be honest. Had a gander at the ties." John shrugged. “Don’t really need any of those, now, do I?”
John just about threw his hands up in frustration. “Fine. She got a divorce and now is as much as an alcoholic as Hamish. Happy?” When Sherlock said nothing, John turned back to Oliver. “Sorry. Point is it’s fine, Oliver. It’s all fine.”
“They let you in without one last night. Henry was young. The chances of him bumming off to a club without his assigned chaperone is high. The club assigned you to him when he showed up and you are concerned that you haven’t seen him in over a month.”
There was always something completely hot and filthy watching his prick go in and out of a hole, pulling slick out with each drag and thrust. He breathed out needy a swear as one hard shove made a wet sound. Yeah. That always got him. He dragged his fist faster, relishing in the near slapping sound. He was already so close.
Heavily, John sat back down on the examination table. Omega specialists had been telling him his suppressants would fail since he had started taking them. They were only supposed to be an interim between presenting and finding a bondmate to naturally regulate his hormones. At twenty-five he had been told he was very lucky they still worked at all. Then, at thirty, that it was a straight-up miracle they had lasted.
He opened one of Angelo’s bags and started eating out of the box with a plastic fork that had been in the bag. He was hungry. Not enough to eat anywhere near the amount Sherlock had ordered in but probably at least two. More like three. Sherlock regarded his makeshift plate with distrust.
Noah led them through a wooden door and into a posh dressing room. A set of mirrors curved around the back wall and a privacy screen stood on the left. Two suits hung from a clothes rack, one dark blue and the other a pale gray, both with large white stitching along the seams.
Mr. Talbot jerked his attention back to the conversation. He looked at Mrs. Talbot with wide eyes. “Viv,” he rushed out.
John ended the call. He removed the required clinic diffusers and flushed the room with neutralizer with a flick of a switch. He stood under the vent, letting the chemical smell strip him. He tucked his fingers under his collar, ran them along his ears and wrists before just holding still. He used to skip this step when he never had to worry about his Beta spray fading and his scent leaking through. The neutralizer clicked off after a few minutes and he headed out.
“I’m worth more than that. At least a tenner,” John said and closed the door as Sarah waved him out with another laugh.
“Right. Stand up,” John instructed. Sherlock eyed him. “I’m not doing it over the chair. Get over here.”
Instead, Sherlock breathed into his ear. “Good job, we got him exactly where we want him. If you want to take care of your problem the loo on the third floor is often empty.”
“We’ve talked about this being an eventuality for a while now,” Dr. Jones started out as she focused back on him. “I know we had both hoped for a few more years.”
“I don’t think so.” Sherlock flicked his eyes over Lestrade, gearing up for a deduction. John pressed his lips together and waited for Sherlock to get on with it. “Your hands are shaking slightly. You’ve had too much caffeine in a short amount of time. Heavy bags under your eyes, not sleeping then, coffee to stay awake. Creases on your clothes, tie loosened from stress, cuffs undone, shirt rolled up—you’ve been on this case for at least a full twenty-four hours, you normally let yourself indulge in four hours of sleep during stressful cases. Pressure from above, then, to get this sorted as fast as possible, you’ve taken a few kips against the wall, you keep touching your neck, got a crick in it. You don’t have this sorted one bit.”
“They have money to burn. They can call for help to cover the entire thing up— but then it gets complicated, what happens when the family comes looking? It would still ruin him. The easier option would be that Henry’s parents have just as much to lose as the Alpha from the death becoming public knowledge.”
“Yeah. I am. A bit. But that doesn’t matter much for Omegas. I just, I love being a cellist. Utterly, completely love it. It’s the kind of job you give your life for. That sounds contrite and like a load of shite, but there’s nothing else for me. This is it. I sound completely barmy. Christ.”
His prick pressed firmly up against his jeans. He palmed himself and then jerked away when he realized. Hastily, he shoved the lid on and reached for another, hoping it would dim the throbbing.
Sherlock spun back around to the body and muttered under his breath, going through several deductions that John caught snippets of. “Good Omega,” Sherlock said as if testing the words out.
“There’s no reason to protest.” Sherlock flicked out a police badge. “Tell us the room before Dr. Watson decides to seek compensation for your clearly antiquated viewpoints on Omegas in the workforce.”
That was the entire reason John had picked her as his primary care doctor when he had been invalidated. All the other Omega specialists in London were career Alpha doctors and she had been fresh, hardly a month out of school.
“I’m doing it again, aren’t I?” Tom moved closer, inching forward on his knees. “I’m trying hard to keep myself in check.” He breathed in John’s shirt again before he placed it on John’s desk. “Would you like to try again? Without your father shoving you on me? I was hoping.” Tom inched in, their chests almost touched. “If I,” he trailed off and reached up towards John's neck.
John glanced at the profile that had been prepared. The number of medals the Alpha had earned was impressive. So was his kill count and with that John understood what this was all about.
Ayla pulled out a second joint and started tapping her pockets looking for another light. “Your face, mate. My contract is alright, though, isn’t it? If he does anything wrong, he’ll end up as shite.” A pleased smile curved Ayla’s mouth. “I did good.”
“John, stop reading that drivel and pay attention, I need to know when you plan on masturbating next.”
Sherlock could walk up to John, order him to strip and bugger him right over his chair and John wouldn’t make a sound of protest. He’d encourage it. Probably try to fuck himself back onto Sherlock’s prick for good measure.
Briefly, John wondered what would have happened if he had gone through with blowing his brains out when he was invalidated. Nothing much, he figured. Just a sensational headline until something else caught the spotlight. Sherlock wouldn’t have even read anything about it. Suicides were boring.
“You want me to believe,” Lestrade said, “that you and Bobby shared the beginning of his heat. He got exhausted and you went to go take a shower. Then, by the time you came out, he was dead.”
His father, Hamish, preferred that method. It was the only way he’d get John to show up to bondmate matches. He’d just grab a hold of John’s scent gland and drag him off or force him into a chair as some fucking rich cunt introduced themselves, nearly slobbering at the chance to touch him and smear their scents over his skin.
“Most of the suits on display will be in the range of two-thousand pounds,” Sherlock said, joining him. “Custom, of course, will run you quite a bit more.”
If she had been older, he would have said yes. Having a rough shag in the dark outside of a pub was always exciting. He craved the moment when a woman trying to be silent gave in as he touched her just right. Or to see her knees get roughed up as she kneeled for him.
“Sorry,” Finn said when their laughter quieted down. “The house gave me a bit of a coaching. Things I wasn’t to say. Swearing and, uh, your virtue were both rather high. They had an entire script for me to follow.”
He picked up the coffee after he willed his body into submission and tapped on the door as instructed. Sally let him in. George was talking almost non-stop on the other side of the glass.
Another wave of slick dripped out, coating his tensed-up thighs. John trembled and suddenly everything was too much; the sheets were suffocating and rough and slowly rubbing himself off seemed like the worst idea he had ever had. He threw off the bedding and desperately struggled out of his pants.
“It was the most practical solution,” Sherlock said, a delighted look crossing his face as he reappeared with a test tube. “Quite successful, by the looks of it. Full cognitive functions back. I do enjoy being right.”
Sherlock fucking John on his fingers, thrusting them in and out, in the same precise brutal pace he was now using on his prick. He’d spread John’s arsehole wide as he added more, blunting into John’s inner muscles as his arse sucked and clenched and begged for more, slick dripping down Sherlock’s pale skin the faster he went.
John shifted nervously. He forced himself to hold still and stubbornly held his breath as Sherlock’s curls brushed against his cheeks. Sherlock finally pulled away with an irritated huff after a few passes over the fabric.
“There are other options.  You could try an Alpha pheromone perfume. That is often a choice Beta parents go down. They find one they enjoy and use it but it is an investment you’ll need to make for a lifetime. There are Omega ones, but they’re much more expensive and synthesized ones are still illegal. I can only really recommend you attend a few of the classes at a hospital and try to find a good fit.”
Oliver put his hand on Sherlock’s knee and stroked down. His white nails flashed in the club and made it easy to follow as he teased down to Sherlock’s inner thigh and back up, ignoring the obvious outline further down.
Harry pulled him down to the pavement and they waited, huddled together. John had never known which of them had been more surprised that the pills hadn’t been some dodgy shite, causing him to OD on intake.
“I made the order when it was clear you would continue to assist me with the work. Fortuitous, seeing as our current case is dealing with the upper echelons of society and we would not have had the time to wait.”
“Sorry. Just, you said Aster was bonded to an Omega?” John made a note. George had been bonded to an Omega too.
“Sure. Every Alpha in the Yard is required to sit through weekly psychotherapy appointments.” Lestrade made a face. “Let me tell you how fun those are."
“You know, for his knot, dear.” John coughed. “Though it’s a bit of a shame, with Sherlock being in his prime. Do you think it was the drugs? You’re the doctor.”
Sherlock squinted slightly at him, trying to puzzle it out. He made a satisfied noise after a few seconds. “You don’t like other Omega’s touching you.”
The hush of early morning swallowed John’s gasps as he slowly rolled his hips into the bed, trying to stretch out the thrum of pleasure that coiled up his spine. The old mattress caved under his flushed cock as he thrust, giving away just enough that he could pretend he was carefully nudging himself into something hotter and tighter and wetter. That was his favorite way to get off, to sink in little by little until his prick was coated and surrounded by heat.
Sherlock growled, deep and sharp and it went straight to John’s cock. John found himself turning into Sherlock, seeking cover. Lestrade was out of his chair, reaching for where he normally kept his stun gun and Tabby fled to the corner of the room. George had his chair slightly pushed back, a startled expression claiming his face.
If John wanted to be perceived as a Beta, he had to act like one. No exceptions. Not that it mattered with Sherlock, who had guessed on day one what John was. The brilliant bastard.
John stared at him stunned. It was true. Every bit of it. There was nothing John Watson wouldn’t do to save Sherlock Holmes. He’d die for him. Frotting on the floor didn’t even touch it.
A law pandering to Omega activists that was taking away the spotlight from one of the first real progressive laws towards same-sex couples. Harry had spent a long time drunkenly having a go at him when he was on leave. Omegas always had to steal the spotlight. Hadn’t he gotten enough of that growing up?
John barked a laugh, surprising himself.  “Yeah. Bit of a cunt for swearing in front of an Omega, mate. Better call in the national guard.”
“Right. Sorry. I was just worried, that’s all.” John looked down at his hands, trying to be bashful. “I know it’s expected but I thought it wouldn’t hurt to stop by and have a quick chat, just to catch up. Is he due home soon?”
“Oh, for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock hissed and yanked out his phone. “I’m busy,” Sherlock snapped into the call. “Stop bothering me.”
“I set up diffusers in the flat and your room in accordance with the NHS guidelines,” Sherlock said after another pause.
He sunk further into the tub, the porcelain tugging at his skin and his neck sagged against the corner. There was a rust spot by his knee. Another halfway up by his thigh. He didn’t know how long they had been there.
“Good morning!” Sherlock said too cheerfully and too forcefully, a bright smile splitting open his face. John almost laughed. Sherlock held his free hand out for a handshake.“Mrs. Talbot, I presume?”
It was just clothing and it was for the case. He’d be able to go right home and change into normal trousers and normal jumpers and no one who looked at him would see anything other than Beta.  He flexed his hands and kept on.
John could barely focus past the shame and frustration and flood of Omega wants crowding out his thoughts. The craving to lean into Sherlock was consuming. He wanted to rub Sherlock’s scent all over, to bask in it like the first break of sun after weeks of rain and he wanted—he wanted Sherlock to touch him back, to mix their scents like John was his. An Omega instinct as sure as his beating heart
“Oh. Well. No problem then. Absolutely none.” John paused. No. There were a lot of problems. “Why are you buying me a bespoke suit?”
A trail of slick ran down his thighs as he caught a burst of Sherlock’s scent. Sandalwood, oakmoss and the spark of fire that was utterly Alpha. It was one of the unspoken bonuses of living with an Alpha, John never needed to pay for bottled scents to help get off. He hummed, enjoying the way Sherlock’s scent simmered along his skin like the midday afghan sun, boiling against his touch as he pressed himself down and the tip of his prick caught against his pre-cum damp pants.
“So, you’ve been spying on us again. Got it. Have either of you tried having a normal sibling relationship?”
Sherlock had noticed. Christ. He had noticed. He probably had this morning too. He needed to learn better control. He refused to jeopardize his relationship with Sherlock over his growing jumble of hormones.
Realized cognitive dissonance, increased heart rate and body temperature, production of slick and John inhaled; Omega pheromones. Heat scent, richer and more suffocating, clung to the very air of the room. The whole flat probably reeked of it. John ticked out four fingers and licked his lips. Increased sexual arousal, obvious as Sherlock would say, another finger out.
Noah grimaced a smile. “Let me check with one of our tailors, Mr. Holmes. I’ll be right back, Mr. Holmes,” Noah said to John.
John stared straight ahead at the pink wallpaper as Dr. Jones collected her coat and closed the door behind her. He swallowed.
The Alpha years ago had stuffed the ball gag straight into John’s mouth the second he had John tied up and left it in for hours. It had made saliva drip down his chin and chest and trapped his tongue to the bottom of his mouth. He hadn’t been able to say anything.
The truth was, even if he managed a suppressed heat alone, Dr. Jones had been right. At his age seeing himself through a full heat would likely kill him. Sherlock, the only Alpha John could imagine asking, clearly had no interest in helping. John didn’t even know if Sherlock had any desire for sex as a concept, much less the actual reality of it.
“Oh, look who showed up,” Lestrade said, his voice muffled by the mask. “Badge, Sherlock. Then off you get.”
“I didn’t know what to do, John!” Mrs. Hudson said urgently. “An unbonded Omega just showed up at the door. I couldn’t very well leave him on the street, could I?”
He had bought the umbrella on offer at Tesco when he realized the Tube would no longer be an option. The deodorizer system utilized in the carriages were geared towards Alpha's nasal capacities and not Omegas. He had learned that the hard way after being completely overwhelmed and found himself cowering in the men’s room.
“A natural response. You’re unbonded and older. Younger Omegas would be seen as a threat against your instinctual urge to find a bondmate.”
“Do you think the British government can afford a scandal of someone going around and killing their precious Omegas?”
Sally snapped her fingers at the two other Yarders in the room. “Start taking notes! On everything.”
John rolled off his side. He flexed his fingers and pried his eyes open. Sherlock watched him with open curiosity as he grabbed a few pillows. John lifted his hips off the bed and Sherlock propped John’s arse up.
Sherlock gasped louder, his hips shifting and legs straining further apart, pulling the fabric of his trousers taught around his knees.
Sherlock’s phone went off. “That’s Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “Come along, John, we have an interrogation to attend.”
John obeyed, letting Sherlock think for him. An Alpha, Lestrade, John realized, crouched down next to them. He couldn’t remember how he got on the ground.
“Oh, don’t look so surprised. The most exciting holidays I’ve been on was to New Zealand and that was a bit rubbish because Sarah broke up with me.”
The first clue that his suppressants were failing had been his sense of smell; everything had just started being a bit more. London became almost overwhelming in its varied scents. It was a cesspool of bodies and smog and fabricated perfumes that burned at his nose until he took cover in deodorized buildings.
“You still have chips to eat,” John tried to say lightly. He quirked a grin. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten.”
Sherlock led them up the small set of stairs and rang the doorbell before tucking John against his side. He let go of John’s hand and slid his own beneath John’s jacket, splaying his fingers just under John’s ribs. Sherlock played with the fabric of John’s shirt as they waited, stroking in a gesture John often watched Sherlock apply to his violin.
John opened the medicine cabinet in the loo and grabbed his last pill packet. The pills had become smaller as he aged and the cases had changed into the cheap cardboard packaging like the rest of the drugs offered at the chemist's. His current packet had nine pills. Eight, if he downed one today. His thumb ran over the bumps. That was barely a week left. After that, he had a small cushion of time as his body worked through the extra hormones remaining in his system.
The sample scented as Alpha. It had the same basic earthy notes all Alphas carried and John felt his cock give a slight twitch but the following near citrus notes chased that away. Bit like chatting up a bird only to find she was married and just out for a bit of fun. Not something he’d spend any time on, really. He put the sample down and reached for another. The same deal.
The excessive gems on O-Lariats twinkled and glowed as Omegas moved throughout the club, grazing over the Alphas that flaunted themselves. John was suddenly very aware of what he was wearing.
John picked one up and examined it. The containers were basic lidded petri dishes, like the ones Sherlock expected John to do with the washing up; even if they carried toxic waste. John was still working with him on that. There was no reason they couldn’t be binned or the genius could give them a washing up himself.
Mrs. Hudson pushed some of the mess off the table in the main room and set her tray down. “That’s not the proper Alpha way to behave.”
“We have an appointment scheduled,” Sherlock finally said, derailing John’s negative spiral. “I’ve already phoned a taxi.”
“Yeah. Well.” John ran his fingers under the collar of his shirt. “You’re not the one all dressed up.”
He removed the largest toy he had and eyed it. The green dildo had seen little use over the years. It was designed for a full-on heat with several buttons at the base to adjust knot width and the overall length of the shaft. A bit dangerous. Seeing as the full length mimicked a size Alphas only achieved during an Omega’s heat. If John pressed the wrong button, injuring himself was on the table. Still. It’d probably do.
“Yeah. Very much. That’s why it's case by case. There has been new testing specifically designed to catch Omega genes that was just approved last year. If you wanted to take Gabe to be tested to see if he’s an Omega carrier, the government will front the cost of a live-in Alpha for the family.”
“Ta. Not all of us have trust funds to dip into,” John said dryly. “And some of us want to look, I don’t know.”
Sherlock smiled softly and pulled John in for a quick kiss on his forehead. “Of course, you are. You’re my Omega. Anything less wouldn’t suit.”
What if this happened when they were chasing a criminal or a nearby Alpha pumped out an excessive amount of pheromones? Would he just stop and bare his scent gland hoping to get an Alpha’s approval? Would he just stand here like this, frozen and arrested until some Alpha took control?
John glanced at the scarf and then at Sherlock. The nasal strip curbed the initial onslaught of Sherlock’s natural scent, leaving just the whispers of it to seep in. Soon enough he’d be swamped by it, the musky earth scent of unsuppressed Alpha and the more unique spicy notes that belonged solely to Sherlock. It reminded John desperately of the quiet days in the flat when John watched the telly and Sherlock fussed about with an experiment; safe and content.
When his suppressors wore out, would he even be able to stand shagging a Beta? One of the few extensively observed things about Omegas was their sexual habits. John knew the score very well.
John started wanking in earnest, biting down on his lower lip. He didn’t want Sherlock to hear him. He ground his arse against the wall, craving more than his pants sticking to his skin. If he’d worn an Omega pair he’d be able to just pop right over and help himself. Or Sherlock could stick his fingers right in as John leaned over him and buried his nose in Sherlock’s scent gland.
John fiddled with his phone. He’d taken a day off from the clinic for this. He had no texts. There was one other person in the waiting room. A young woman Omega with dark black hair accompanied by an older Omega who could possibly be her mother.
Noah motioned for John to stretch his arms straight out and John obeyed. Noah fussed with the collars and his scent drifted up. It was sweet, like a forgotten apple rotting on the counter. That particular note of cloying had suffocated John’s childhood and followed him into his adulthood with Harry. It's why he found it so difficult to be in the same room as her, even when his suppressants had been working. The two of them were already haunted with notes of Hamish in their personal scents and it was worse when Harry drenched herself with booze. Apparently, the dredges of John’s suppressants were just completely tits up. Scents shouldn’t be affecting him this much.
John sneaked a look at the last picture again. Finley’s prick looked—nice. John had never spent much time looking at cocks other than his own or the overly done up ones in porn. He wasn’t quite sure how it compared. He barely remembered Sherlock’s from this morning. Just how smooth it felt against his cheek, how it tapped against his skin as Sherlock thrummed with arousal and how little it tasted of anything as he licked it. He should not be thinking about that. Absolutely not.
John wiped at his mouth with a shaking hand and tried to breathe. The diamonds on the O-Lariat shone in the pale afternoon and John stopped himself from tugging it off. Grown men did not throw millions worth of diamonds in the dirt. Even if he desperately wanted to.
Sherlock growled; a low sound that sunk into John’s blood. John moved his arm to hold Sherlock’s cock still from bobbing and found himself pulled up in a grip stronger than it had the right to be.
John hit his leg. That was no way to think. This was his bedroom; not a nest. Hamish was dead. Sherlock wouldn’t let anyone up here anyway. But. John flexed his hands. He wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep. This was why he never spent his suppressed heats in the flat. Too many bad memories followed him.
“The recommended response to heat rage is intercourse,” Sherlock said, dragging the conversation back to the track he wanted. “Given your lack of relationships with Alphas I had assumed that once in your right mind, you would be strongly against any penetration. I thought frotting was a good compromise seeing as you obviously enjoy penile stimulation with your Beta girlfriends.”
Lestrade sighed, giving in. “We found some hair. Looks like the Alpha that came with him took a shower. We’re running the DNA. But that could be another two days before we see matches. Lucky for us, all Alphas are required to be registered.”
John barely managed to keep his protest to himself when Sherlock pulled away. Wasn’t he enjoying himself? John was such a good Omega. Alpha could have more if he wanted.
Sally’s heels clicked on the floor as they walked to the interview room. John and Sherlock trailed behind her.
“Right. Recommended based on extremely limited studies and one clinical trial,” John ground out. “They had four Omegas in that trial. Four. And it only lasted one bloody month.” He had followed the clinical trial very closely while at university. “They needed to be doing trials for years. That’s not enough to come to any conclusion.”
John knew the logical solution. He had read plenty of studies on it. He had to find an Alpha and get them to fuck him. It would jump-start his heat. For the first few months, he’d need to rinse and repeat until his hormones fully leveled out enough to be charted.
“Alright,” John said softly. “That’s bollocks. You should have. Do you understand that? You absolutely should have.”
The pale pink walls and soft lighting made John frown. A copious amount of plush seating decorated the open floor space along with tea trays covered with sweets. More neutralizer lazily spilled out of diffusers attached to the floor trimming. This wasn’t a normal hotel.
“Even more reason to not worry,” Ayla assured John. “Oliver likes to get his cunt stuffed by any new Alpha but old money bores him. He’ll piss off to the next after a few fucks.”
John put the tablet down. What had he honestly expected from a stud house? Thank Christ, he hadn’t opted to fill this out in the flat. Nothing on his laptop was private. John had learned that the hard way after Sherlock had found his entire porn collection a week after he’d moved in. Sherlock had peppered him with questions afterward and it had devolved into a shouting match between two grown men until Mrs. Hudson interrupted. He picked the tablet up again and typed in answers.
Yes. What else could it possibly be for? Not for calming John down. Not for fucking on the floor. Not for marking him up.
Sherlock regarded Lestrade with a combination of disbelief and irritation. He stalked up to Lestrade and towered over him. “John Watson has been an Omega the entire time you’ve known him. He had a panic attack, just like you did three years ago behind a skip after finding two strung up boys. Nothing has changed,” Sherlock hissed out.
Government-issued deodorizers with the Yard’s emblem puffed out neutralizer in timed intervals and quickly worked to erase any natural sent John and Sherlock were still carrying. John wrinkled his nose. The flat, artificial man-made scent itched at him, like someone scrubbing a bit too hard. Just another box to tick for the ‘suppressants are failing’ list.
John focused on Mr. Talbot who was taking in the entire conversation with wide eyes. His hands tightly gripped his O-Lariat and over the fake perfume, John smelled fear. Not surprise or anger, fear.
Slick would be better. It would sear John’s scent on Sherlock more than his saliva. He hesitated. Sherlock was an Alpha. And slick was. No. Scent and his tongue would have to be enough. Should be enough.
“You’re lucky you have an Omega already, Mr. Holmes, your tact is deplorable,” the chaperone grumbled.
“He had a dalliance with an Omega in university that was short-lived. Most of his other exploits were during his cocaine binges. It was hard to discern if his habits were preferences or simply a means to an end.”
He read the question again and his eyebrows attempted to climb off his face. This form was ridiculous. He typed in ‘not specified’ and continued. The previous questions had been rather benign, something he’d find at his own clinic.
“—I’d prefer Tom as well.” Tom held his wrist out for John to sniff, a proper Alpha greeting; at least according to all the rubbish literature the doctors had dumped on him. “Nice to meet you, John.”
Sherlock grabbed the mask and dumped it on John’s head before taking one of the suits and slipping into it with grace that should never be afforded a man. Carefully, John slid his own mask on and then suited up.
John bowed his head and grabbed the back of the chair with both hands. He had fucked a Beta in the army like this. Some bloke who just wanted to get his dick wet. John had shoved him down and done the work and God it had felt good. He remembered the Beta’s stunned gaze, his mouth stuck open in surprise. His hands had dug into John’s thighs, not knowing where to touch.
Sherlock had cracked a few ribs months ago falling off a skip and John had set them with his own scarf. He was the reason Sherlock breathed easy. In and out, in and out.
“I believe it would be remiss not to. I find myself with very few friends, John. I would like to resolve any problems that would make you less amiable towards me.”
John was certainly getting too much attention and he had no illusions about his appearance. He was forty and looked it. The boyish charm that had clung throughout his life had started settling into deeper lines and his blond hair was disappearing into gray. He could only hope that the next few years would move him further into distinguished rather than old bastard. Not to say all the Alphas were all old bastards. John would guess at half being just as young.
All mistakes are ones I've failed to catch in editing. This chapter kicked my butt a bit. Hopefully, it reads well.
Sherlock slowly ate four more throughout John’s pasta dish. When John started tucking into the other half of the sandwich, Sherlock folded his hands together and pinned John with his gaze.
“If we leave, we’d never be let near another Omega again and if they leave it’s the exact same bit. You get one Omega. God help you if anything goes wrong.”
John licked his lips and tried to lean away. Sherlock’s scent wafted down. And John was dropped back into the morning. On the floor with Sherlock covering him. Lost in his endless loop of arousal. His cock was very interested in that.
He wove their fingers together and pulled John closer and it was suddenly very clear. Their scent glands pressed together with both of their shirts rolled up and every little shift encouraged their scents to mix. It was very distracting. John licked his lips, Sherlock seemed unphased.
“I thought so,” Sherlock said smugly. “You do have a rather large penis for an Omega male. Most textbooks put them several inches smaller. I suppose your Betas find it adequate.”
“Do give me some credit,” Mycroft said with a thin smile. “The Alpha sitting behind us is currently enjoying a quick handie, as they say, from his business partner’s son. The Beta two rows over is here with one of her affair partners.”
Mrs. Talbot pushed the tea towards them on the table and joined Mr. Talbot. She crossed her legs and stared, back completely straight.
“Exactly! Better than Christmas. The last Omega murdered in the UK was thirty years ago and it was boring. An Alpha went into a possessive rage. This one looks like it’s going to be much more promising.”
“You noticed all of that,” John said with a slight disbelieving shake of his head. He had thought he had been subtle. “You’re brilliant.”
John scooped up the clothing and ducked back into the bathroom to dress. He applied a new bandage to his neck and did his collar up all the way. There was no reason for anyone to see his scent gland.
John had taken an extra patient as a favor to Sarah. That one patient had turned into five and a few hours had ticked away like nothing.
Sherlock stood. “I don’t know. Our first query becomes how Henry died. Go change into the gray suit. An older Omega chaperone checking in on a once charge isn’t too uncommon. Mummy certainly entertained her fair share.”
John returned the favor by running two fingers over his scent gland and offering them up. He held himself very still and waited. Finn gently lifted John’s hand to his nose and deeply inhaled. He held it for the expected one minute and then guided it back to John’s side. No licking, no groping. Scenting by the book. John was impressed. Finn’s fingers gave his hand one last brush.
“I think they’re both complicit, along with the Alpha who shared his heat.” Sherlock tapped one of his beakers on the table. “Think about it. George, while worried about his reputation, thought to call 999, alerting the authorities. Why? Because his Omega didn’t care what George was doing. Granted, his Omega might divorce him on the grounds of scandal. Useless. Ignore that. George is unimportant.
Sherlock was a breath of fresh air. John wanted to bury himself in it. Sherlock glowered down at the two of them, eyes bouncing back and forth before they narrowed and he lightly sniffed. His lips curled in a snarl.
“The Omega brought a ball gag to our session and offered it,” Sherlock chimed in. “It was unappealing.”
The noises John gasped out were needy ah’s linking together, pitching higher and higher until they broke into sobs.
“I’m not interested,” John said a bit too loud. “Very, very, very, absolutely not interested. Yeah. It’s a no. All around. Every part of that.”
John opened the fourth one. He breathed in and his entire world narrowed. A choked sound escaped and he shoved his nose straight in.
He met Sherlock’s intent gaze and swallowed. Sherlock had experimented on him, attempted to drug him, exposed him to dangerous chemicals on a near-weekly basis, and was an overall dick when in one of his moods but never once had Sherlock used his Alpha to try to control him. He’d seen Sherlock walk into rooms filled with Alphas in his crisp suits and out dominate them all with pheromones and posturing. John was under no illusion. All Sherlock had to do was turn around and John would fall in line.
“A day-old shirt off your floor, the striped jumper that’s passable, the jeans Harry gave you last Christmas, and your favorite pair of shoes with red socks. Did I miss anything? You’re wearing pants, aren’t you?”
John dropped his dead weight on Sherlock’s legs and kept one arm firmly pressed down on Sherlock’s stomach. Slowly, John went over every inch of skin with his cheeks, humming as it began to finally smell just like them and no one else. He ripped off the pants next.
“Well. I don’t. And surely, I know what’s best for me, don’t I?” Liz crossed her arms and regarded John.
John glared at him. That had to be obvious. John stood in the middle of his room, cock untouched and jutting straight out, leaking useless pre-cum. A dildo was stuck on the chair behind him, having a little vibrate every thirty seconds, shaking some slick off every rotation and the knot expanding in increments. And. To top it off, John’s arse looked like it had just hopped out of the shower. He should be mortified.
Sarah frowned at him and picked up the report. John waited as she read it. Sarah had known John was an Omega from the day he applied for the job, it was required on any official paperwork and his ID had the inlaid Omega symbol by second gender. It had made asking her out a bit easier, to be honest. He didn’t have to prep for any awkward sex talks. She got halfway down the page before stopping. She looked up at John.
“I’m not waiting for you to examine my dildo. Come over and make me come. Or I’ll shove you on the damned floor like earlier.”
The grass compacted under John’s weight. He watched the blades push up as he stepped back. Sherlock’s grip tightened.
“Yeah,” John admitted. “When I said that in primary, I got taken out back and beaten behind a skip for defending my sister going on a date with another Alpha and I know she’s lucky. She can go on dates without people staring. But it is better. I know it doesn’t seem like it.  But it's fucking loads better. And it's going to keep getting better. Do you understand?”
“Okay. Fine. Right.” If John suddenly keeled over and died only two people would be able to request his medical records. Harry if she managed to show up sober and Dr. Jones, as his attending physician. Mycroft would probably pull them for Sherlock, regardless. “Family and the attending physician. You think one of them did it?”
Never mind that neither Sherlock nor John wanted a bond. That didn’t matter one bloody bit. He wanted to get on his knees and beg at Sherlock’s feet. He wanted to press his face into Sherlock’s stomach and feel the rumble of his breathing. There had to have been something he could’ve done differently. Alpha had come so close. If he could just fix what went wrong. Because he was a good Omega. He wasn’t useless.
Sherlock made a frustrated noise. “Your eloquence astounds me. Is everything supposed to fit! They weren’t planning on bonding, obviously! They would have selected a much more socially accepted location. Do any of you think? The guard doesn’t have any teeth marks! There should be an artificial scent gland to stimulate biting during the bonding process. It should provide a nice set of teeth impressions that would be much faster to match then waiting on DNA.”
“That’s a good attitude, dear. Mr. Hudson used to have all types. I think he liked seeing me all worked up. The sex was very good. I could recommend some tactics, you know. Especially if Sherlock is going to be needing a prescription.”
The words curled into pleasure. John chanced a look. Sherlock appeared remarkably put together. He had opened his coat in the heat of the taxi. His trousers were still on with no sign of a wet spot and his shirt was nicely tucked in. A slight bulge remained and his hair was a riot.
“Sherlock,” John warned. “We agreed three months ago. Cold turkey. Where’d you even get a fag? You’re still paying everyone off.”
The kettle popped off and Mrs. Hudson made two cups that she foisted on John along with a spray bottle.
Lestrade led the two of them into the bedroom. The scene had been fully set up, floodlights chasing the dim of the overcast skies out. Anderson and Donovan confided over notes with a few more Yarders John failed to recognize by the windows.
Oliver pinched his face. “Sure, mate. Can the two of you tell me about Henry or not? I don’t have time to listen to fake progressive shite.”
“If I was younger, I’d be out for the full week every month. The first few months will be the worst. After that, they’ll settle. I’m older so, my heats, in theory, will be shorter not the week-long slog. Probably more around a few days. And seeing how little I already work; I’d thought it would be easy to adjust around.”
“You don’t need me to touch it. You’re going to come from me fucking you on my cock. Be a good Omega for me, yeah?”
John’s own room smelled like chemicals and Beta cologne. He never dared to let it smell like anything else. It didn’t matter that it was considered detrimental to his mental health.
Sherlock had picked out a light gray suit that stood out sharply in the dusk of the club and the yellow diamonds caught any stray gasp of light. Anyone who looked John’s way would see him and know exactly what he was.
“Oh,” she sounded surprised. “You have an Alpha?” She started to check his chart. “You didn’t update your status.”
All the slick and cum had washed away and he had spent at least half the time watching the bar of soap go round and round in circles. The drain probably needed to be cleaned. Too bad he couldn’t just dump the acid down that.
John was a bit ashamed that for a brief moment he had considered Ayla’s offer. She was pretty with lovely tan skin and large black eyes and wore bright red lipstick. That always got him. He loved it when women went down on him wearing lipstick, seeing it being smudged off as they bobbed.
Sherlock started kneading John’s neck. John glanced up at him. He seemed completely unaware as he continued to talk.
Arousal rolled through John. He flexed his hands against his sides, stuck his feet to the floor, and waited. Every suck and shift of Sherlock’s mouth was a beat of heat that picked up its own rhythm, tempting John to dance with it the more that played.
The necklaces flipped the traditional lariat styles Beta women wore; the long strand fell down the back instead of the front, often all the way down to the bum, and boasted elaborate collars or bibs. They had been called leashes up until the 1950s when Queen Elizabeth took the throne and had an interview where she lambasted the name.
John barely survived the next few hours. Being old and not bonded was apparently the biggest source of gossip that had come around the club in months. John found himself paraded around like a prize horse for all the other Omegas to ogle at while Emir basked in the attention of having found something new and shiny.
John pulled his pillow over his head and turned his back to the door. They’d be up at least for a few more hours drinking. John had taken to keeping his shoes in his room. There was normally a smashed bottle or two on the floor the morning after.
Even then, the ones he had left were barely working. Yesterday had proved that. His hormones were nearing free-range and bringing buried Omega instincts to the forefront. At least they were still inhibiting his personal scent production and he assumed his pheromones as Alphas hadn’t started to come on to him randomly off the street.
“Are you sure? I know after my heats I could barely manage to stand. Mr. Hudson might have been an unpleasant Alpha, but he had very good equipment.”
“It was your job, as his parents, hm? To keep him safe. You failed. You’re still failing. You could pin the Alpha right now. And you’re too much of a coward.”
“Brilliant,” John murmured, the words finally coming easy. He flexed his fingers and moved his toes stiffly.
Sherlock’s long fingers tested around John’s arsehole and John rolled his eyes to the ceiling. They were slightly cold and dry but they carefully, almost tenderly, urged him open. The head of the dildo replaced the fingers after a few moments and Sherlock pressed it in.
“You don’t lend something like this out on a lark,” John said. Especially to blokes who were just flatmates.
“Most of it will be on milder substances. Alcohol, cannabis likely. Unless the demographics have drastically changed since my youth, the more intense substances will be in private reserved rooms.”
“Not to say all Alphas are complete knotheads. It’s usually the same bonded Alphas that cycle out of the clubs and quite a few of the new rich, who don’t understand the rules. It’s quite refreshing. It's how I found Theo. I could recommend you a few if you’re looking.”
John ducked his head to make it easier. Useless, really. Sherlock had a good half a meter on him. The necklace fell, heavy on his shoulders. Sherlock ran his hand along the jewels, letting his fingers trail down John’s back till the pendant at the end. John kept himself still. The scenting was just for a case. Sherlock was not interested in John trying for more. Christ. John didn’t even know if he was interested in more. Even though it would be very easy. He could turn his head, nestle his cheek in Sherlock’s shoulders, breathe in their combined scents.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Yes. The heat aids. I’m assuming when your estranged wife helped you through your ruts the two of you utilized some of the varied aids available to A/B couples.”
They entered the lift and the doors slid close. There was no floor to select and no floor indicator above the door.
Program was a generous word. They were stud houses, where Alphas paid to have the chance for some Omega to take a sniff at their pheromones and maybe select them for a few days of a heat fuck.
“I know this is a lot to process, John,” Dr. Jones said. She dragged the stool closer, over from the desk to against the exam table. “No Omega suppressant is meant to be long term. You’re in scarce company. Most Omegas are bonded and off by their early twenties.”
Relief flooded him. He sagged into Sherlock, letting Sherlock carry his weight, and bit his tongue to keep whatever embarrassing noise he was about to make silent.
The plaid suit fit near perfectly. John did up the white buttons. The fabric was a lush emerald green and dark blue. He pulled out the cuffs. He looked quite fit.
There were others like John but they were few and far between. Not that he blamed any Omega even if he could hardly stand them. When someone was conditioned to fill the exciting roles of broodmare and prized possession there wasn’t much flexibility for personality.
Sherlock moved. Mistake. Another whiff of the Omega slapped John in the face. Sherlock wasn’t allowed to smell like that.
Out of all the Omegas he managed to meet, two were above twenty-five. The rest went from twenty to not legal and most of them were indulging, as Sherlock put it. No wonder George had enjoyed this place, just by showing up he’d get the attention he wanted from a bunch of high Omegas.
John held his own out. Tom grasped it and pressed it under his nose without hesitation. He took several greedy inhales and let out a small moan before sneaking his tongue out and licking at John’s skin like it was water. John stood frozen and Hamish let out a laugh.
“I’m sure he’ll be properly scandalized that we’ve gotten engaged and married in the last five minutes in a fitting room on Savile Row.”
John tore at the shirt, letting his nails dig all the way through to skin. The shirt needed to be off. The scent needed to be scoured. If Sherlock bled, that was fine. He was always injuring himself on cases, had to have eight stitches last month and Alphas healed fast. A bloke in the army had his broken arm heal in one week instead of the normal six Betas required.
“He even likes to talk like one too.” George barked a laugh. “How charming. Doesn’t matter at the end of the day, though does it? We know better. Mine doesn’t give a piss either. At least until she has her cunt in the air, gagging for it.”
John coughed to hide a laugh. He sat down on the other armchair. A servant hurried over with a portable diffuser and set it at John’s feet, turning it on max setting and allowing puffs of steam to curl over his legs.
He picked up his shampoo, a present from Sherlock, and squeezed the opaque liquid out into his fingers. The shower washed it off his hand. He dumped more out and set the shampoo back. Goosebumps freckled over his arms.
“Load of confidence, that is.” John picked up the coffee and hesitantly drank. It was bitter and sharp. Sherlock had remembered that John didn’t take sugar. “Ta,” John said.
“Over five times a day. We counted. He throws a fit when he can’t. And he’s very aggressive about it. We mock scent him, go through the motions. It was supposed to help.”
Sherlock rose with him. He leaned in like he was going to have a proper go at scenting John and John felt his pulse jump.
Liz smiled tightly at him and pulled away. She fixed her filter mask and waved a hand at it. “Just a precaution.”
“Want me to touch your useless Omega prick? S’not anywhere as good as mine, is it?” The Alpha punctuated his words with thrusts, carving John apart beneath him.
“I think that’s fantastic that you want to pay homage,” Sherlock said. He gave John a friendly nudge with his shoulder. “Mine won’t touch anything worth at least half a million.”
“How did you manage to ruin a suit in one evening?” Sherlock demanded. “We were hardly there for more than three hours.”
“Of course. Asther Stone. Though, if you’re going to approach him, be careful of his Omega. He’s a frightful cunt.”
A twisted smile crossed John’s face. “The ratio over there is a bit better, not by much but enough to make a difference. They didn’t decimate their Omega population with chemical bombs in the World Wars. But we found them sometimes on patrol. You know how easy it is for an Alpha to go feral in a war zone?”
An impressed smile curved John’s lips. The deductions always got him, even the easy ones.  He set the tablet aside. “How long did that take you, ten seconds?”
“Oh." She frowned slightly. “We’re a bit full up. Bookings are generally done weeks out in advance. I can recommend another Omega hotel.”
Sherlock had been the first Alpha that looked at him and saw everything and continued to be a massive dick anyway. Not once had he altered his deductions or his habits or his brilliance because John was an Omega. Not once. The Alpha rumbling might have been spurred on by John leaking Omega pheromones but this hug, this hesitant and firm touch was all Sherlock. John let himself be held until he could blink clearly. He pulled away and resolutely met Sherlock’s startlingly concerned gaze. John glanced down and then forced himself to look back up.
If he had been bit the endorphins currently dumping into his bloodstream would have been doubled to override any discomfort. For better or for worse almost any instinctual interaction between an A/O couple was designed to reward both with an excessive number of endorphins to encourage the behavior.
He tried to shift his neck back up and the hair on his body stood up in alarm. It was like being held at gunpoint. He attempted to console himself with the fact this was expected. Exhibiting traditional Omega instincts was the first big bullet point in the literature he and Dr. Jones had been going through. Especially for Alphas that were in his ‘pack.’
Oliver played with Sherlock’s hair. His fingers tangled through Sherlock’s curls messing them up. John had never done that. He forced himself to pull his eyes away. It wasn’t any of his business if Sherlock wanted to get off in an A/O club.
“You should try out the Green Torch, it's where I met Bobby. There’s always a lot of young Omegas about. The fee is quite something, but insignificant compared to the chance, really. The attention you can get.” George grew silent.
His thoughts scattered as he realized he was fully hard again. He shifted with a grimace. If he bought himself an hour for the hormones to kick in everything would be fine. He forced himself to lay back down and go to sleep.
He moved down. His wrists dug into Sherlock’s white skin, leaving behind streaks of red from pressure and coated him in John's own scent. He touched Sherlock’s ribs when his breath stuttered, creasing along the bones.
“You are, regrettably, a liability. If you endanger my brother—well—if you ever do turn the Watson into a Holmes, that protection will also be afforded to you. Until then, please remember what I’ve asked of you.”
“Shall I deduce?” Sherlock asked. John breathed into Sherlock’s neck. “You came in a cab that turned onto the street from the south, if you’d been from Baker Street or the clinic it would have come down on the north end. Clearly, you were somewhere else—somewhere you didn’t bother to check your phone. You check texts when out on social occasions; both dates and pub outings with the lads. So, somewhere you found important. That leaves very little—potentially sex or a tragedy involving your sister. You hadn’t showered, or applied fresh cologne to cover the pheromones you produce after intercourse with your Betas and you didn’t carry Harry’s scent—that leaves an appointment of some sort. What kind of appointment would cause you to have a panic attack on a rather bland murder scene? Well. Obvious. You saw your Omega specialist and learned something rather disruptive pertaining to your second gender and the dead Omega triggered it. As to what.”
John lined his arse up with the tip, his front facing the back of the chair. He teased himself a bit, letting the head push in and out, blunting open the edge of his arse before his body tried to greedily suck it up. The first stretch always did it. The quick burn and adjustment as his body realized this was exactly what it wanted. He stopped as he realized he was letting in more and more, seeking for something to hit much further in.
He heard his stuttering moans and the wet slap of Sherlock grinding the dildo in and out, just enough to drag the expanding knot along his arsehole and nudge the tip against his O-gland, sending sparks and flashes of heat up his body.
“The slick I collected yesterday was not enough to synthesize any sort of scent for the flat,” Sherlock continued.
He covered the bite with his hand. The other problem was Sherlock. Parsing that out was too much. He slumped down the tub until he was able to toe-off the water. He stared at the showerhead, watching as the last vestiges of water collected and dropped.
Slowly, John sunk down. He went bit by bit, his breathing picking up the more he took. The ridges dragged upwards, making him gasp and grasp the back of the chair to steady himself. The top of the dildo finally pressed as far as the setting allowed, just at the beginning of his inner folds. Tempting him with the thought.
John glanced down at his feet, rocking back on his heels. “Does that happen to you? With other Alphas?”
“Thirty-five. Nineteen years,” Sherlock said. His focus shifted intensely to John as if waiting for a parlor trick. “Her husband had died prior in a car wreck.”
John wasn’t sure which was worse. Walking home in the rain or sitting in a car with Mycroft. Jupiter waited patiently for him. The poor bugger.
That was the best way John was able to describe it. The start of heat was like his mum telling him to use the loo before a long trip. The longer he waited, the closer he came to just dropping his trousers and letting go on the spot. It wouldn’t matter if he was shopping for milk at Tesco or on the tube—the oppressive need for relief would trump everything. That piss was a knot shoved up his arse by whatever Alpha happened to get to him first.
John tilted his nose against the offered scent gland and breathed. It smelled like home. He licked it, dragging his tongue back and forth, coaxing more scent out. He moaned.
“He’s wearing an Alpha suit. I’d never let mine out in public in one. With the amount it takes to keep an Omega, mine better look it.”
“That’s a shame, but no matter.” Sherlock clapped his hands together, letting go of John’s. “We’ve been called in to consult with the police.”
“With rapidly diminishing returns,” Dr. Jones corrected. “They started failing the moment we started using them as more than a stop-gap measure to temporarily alleviate heat symptoms. They’re not supposed to be injected weekly and we already pushed beyond the recommended levels last time you had a blip." She paused and flipped through his chart that had been resting on her lap. “Two months ago. Any more would be medically inadvisable.”
“Oh, good. It looks presentable,” Sherlock said, coming into the room, a long and thin wooden box tucked under his arm.
Sherlock's smile grew wider. “Oh, good! Sometimes finding addresses can be such a fuss. I’m Mr. Holmes and this is.” Sherlock squeezed John and tugged him into view. “This is my Omega, Mr. Holmes.”
Mrs. Taylor shook her head. “There’s no one. First A/O carrier in several generations. We almost didn’t get the test, to be honest. Thought there was no point. But the doctors insisted.”
It was like taking a shower after a long patrol. The hot water beating down on his skin, banishing the sticky sweat and grime that squeezed itself through layers of protective gear; suffocating him with steam as he was purged.
“A suppressed heat, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock corrected. “John is still on his suppressants. Three more left, is it?”
“Fuck off.” Oliver stared at the ceiling, trying to hold back tears before angrily wiping at his face. “Did they say?”
Someone tried to catch his elbow as John turned. He avoided it. An Alpha holding him still was the last thing he needed. He just needed to make it to the hallway and get out of the room.
Maybe John could do what Oliver did yesterday, just pop on up to Sherlock’s lap, brush their cheeks together and reach down between them and make Sherlock share. All of that was supposed to be in John’s arse anyway, slowly stuffing him the further Sherlock pushed in. During heat it would fill John right up every time Sherlock’s cock brushed into his inner folds, mixing their scents in the most intimate way possible. The smell would be divine, the constant burning thrum of Sherlock’s arousal over John’s softer notes and it would stay for days.
“Yeah. Nate. His parents didn’t give the arse end of a cunt. They just wanted as much money as they could squeeze him for. His Alpha always has room five booked. You can just show up and he’ll give you a go.”
“I wrote a bunch of them down,” Finn admitted. “Figured it was one less thing I’d be able to cock-up.”
Sherlock had only managed to break John’s skin with the top half of his teeth. It wouldn’t keep. His fingers ghosted along his scent gland. The bandage slumped down his chest. The actual punctures were hard to make out of the fist-sized bruise. He had dumped antiseptic over the entire thing without care before stumbling into the shower. It still needed to be properly cleaned. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to manage it.
Ayla shrugged. “If he bonded, it's alright. If not. Well, it happens, doesn’t it? All his parents have to do is say no. It’s hard to know, isn’t it?
He remembered the straps meant to hold him still, the gag to keep him silent if he got too loud, and the gloves with extra-thick rubber tips. It was all to keep him from harming himself, the doctor had said as he laid them out. They didn’t want him biting his tongue off or mauling the Alpha or scraping away any skin and making an actual bloody mess.
“Pick up a book on how to help an A/O after panic attacks, clearly. Rub his wrist, Lestrade. Just as you would an Alpha.” With that, Sherlock went into the lift.
“Alright. Yeah,” John said. He tapped his neck, just above his scent gland. “Give it a bit of a press.”
John knocked Sherlock’s hand off and attempted to stand. Sherlock caught his arm and George’s grin sharpened. He really was going to chin the bloody bastard.
“Sorry, old man. Alright.” Ayla found her lighter and lit her joint. The smoke curled between them. “Some is to Betas, yeah? Others to Omegas who don’t give a bloody fuck and a few because the contract is utter shite. Like. Um. Like—”
“I’m not some blushing maiden you were having your way with. I was aware of my actions the entire time.”
A heroin dealer sold John his first dose of suppressants in a plastic sandwich bag with Harry at his back, arms crossed and growling at anyone who got too close. They had left hand in hand, like little children waiting for their pissed da to show up, and crossed the street to the nearest telephone box. John made sure Harry still had the hospital number crumbled up in her pocket and he downed a capsule with a swig of coke.
John stared at him before turning on his heels and situating himself on the sheets. Sherlock pried the dildo off the chair and gave it a bit of a shake, a curious expression stealing across his face.
“How did you get assigned to a murdered Omega case when you are clearly lacking basic knowledge on heats? Astounding.”
The sodden bandage on his neck began to slip, millimeter by millimeter. He had only bothered with one piece of tape. Just a quick shower, he had thought. The bandage trickled down more. The bruise peaked out, already dark. He stared at it. Hooked.
John would if he wanted to get off with Alphas. An Omega hotel would have been a requirement. The pheromones from unbonded A/O couples during sex was like a walking neon advertisement of ‘here is an unbonded Omega getting buggered by an Alpha, come get a piece of it while you still can’. It was a holdover from evolution that had never been nipped in the bud and was extremely inconvenient. The amount of neutralizer and perfumes needed to cover it was excessive and expensive.
He stumbled up to his knees and whined at the loss of pressure as his cock throbbed against his stomach, dribbling pre-cum. Quickly, he smeared his hand through his slick and moaned as took himself firmly in hand, enjoying the drag of his palm as he started working himself.
Baker Street always burst with Sherlock’s spiced earthy scent and under that, nestled beneath the darker notes, was John’s. That was why he was awake. Another scent had crept in, overriding his. The hair on the back of his neck stood up. Unacceptable.
Sherlock struggled with figuring out how to heft John out of the booth. He grappled with John’s limbs. John found it quite comical. He would have giggled. Sherlock tried to arrange them in a manner where he could slide John on his back. Quite clever, really. A fireman’s carry might've been better.
“Of course, that’s why we insist on the policy.” She made sure to look at John and smile. John gave a bemused smile back. “We want our Omegas to have a safe and comfortable experience.”
Steadily, John massaged the scent glands on his neck, digging his knuckles in. All the scraping on Sherlock’s chest had healed, along with the excessive amount of bruising John had left on his hips. John should have checked in with him the day after the fact. Made sure they healed cleanly.
The umbrella broke, half of the ribs crumpling in some cosmic joke. The London drizzle seeped through John’s jacket as people shoved past him, their shoulders bumping against his in the dinner rush. He stood still, listening to the cars running over water and the electric hum of streetlights popping on.
Mrs. Talbot growled, low and infuriated. John’s entire body flinched into alertness, his heart quickening. Sherlock pressed into his back, steadying him, and bleeding out Alpha pheromones that pushed against Mrs. Talbot’s infuriated ones.
“No.” Well, maybe. The most basic understanding of it. John wasn’t going to say any of that. “It’s just. You’re not mad? I tossed you on the ground and basically forced myself on you.”
Neutralizer furled out from the sides of the doors as they stepped into the lobby. Two attendants greeted them and offered to have their bags carried. Sherlock dismissed them with a sharp wave and tugged John forward, shifting his grip and weaving their fingers together.
John smiled tightly. He brought each to his nose for hardly more than a second before dropping them. He returned the favor and made them both bend down to scent him. He wasn’t standing.
He moved up and down carefully at first, letting his inner muscles fully adjust to the stretch. When the stretch became a pleasant burn, he rushed to establish a stable rhythm of fucking himself while jerking on his cock. He’d spent many teenage years perfecting it and he hadn’t indulged in a proper wanking session in months. He deserved it. His head fell back and a steady stream of ums broke from his lips and his legs started to shake.
“I won’t talk with him in here,” George finally said, nodding at John. “I don’t need a frigid cunt judging me now.”
Had they said that to Henry? That he’d enjoy it, so why not? Sometimes John wondered if his mum had asked over Hamish, would he have said yes?
The toy clicked as it grew. Lengthening to its last few inches, finally pushing into John’s O-gland and making his world stutter.
Sarah held down the speaker button. “I’ll be right out.” She let go of the button and addressed John. “You don’t happen to have those numbers saved for those programs do you?”
John relaxed without noticing. His shoulders dipped and he leaned towards Sherlock, seeking out more of his natural scent, and as virile Alpha, Sherlock had lots of it. John often bemoaned that the flat only smelled like Alpha, like Sherlock, because the tit never did anything to curb his natural scent. No sprays, no colognes, no diffusers, and no medical-grade soap or body wash as John used on a daily basis. He finally caught on to his body’s subconscious actions as he stepped forward and almost into Sherlock.
Finley Clarke, Finn for short, was early. John had hoped to beat him. No such luck. John sent a reply to the text. He stopped in front of the restaurant and took a deep breath. Glancing at his reflection in the glass he shrugged at himself. He looked like a right old bastard. He smoothed his hand down his shirt. He had tried to dress casually. A dark blue button-up Sherlock said he’d looked fit in and his best jeans.
The first legal ones had come in a slim pink plastic case because, God forbid, anything be in a more gender-neutral color, prescribed by an Alpha doctor who thought John was barking mad for going to university. The Alpha had even offered to bond him right there because it was such a shame John thought he needed a degree. John had threatened to report him. Even as a doctor, a general practitioner was too low class, and the Alpha knew it.
“—It's just my hips been acting up,” Mrs. Hudson spoke over him. “We can put the takeaway in my fridge. Don’t want to be scaring off potential clients again with whatever Sherlock has on the middle shelf.”
I had a comedy of errors in real life involving government paperwork and a car that's hardly been driven in the past year due to lockdown. Both of these issues, no joke, took up about a week's worth of time and an excessive amount of time being put on hold. I am so sorry. When I had originally started posting I wanted to hit a 4/5 day updating schedule. Looks like I'm at 4/6 for hitting that mark. Fingers crossed that this last week was all the bad things that will happen for the next few months and I can continue as planned. Again, I'm so sorry. As a reader, I know how frustrating it can be when an author fails to update.
The room was simple with pale patterned wallpaper and a window for the furthest wall that looked out to a manicured garden. A dark wood table rested at its heart with two silk padded benches with low backs on either side. Finn sat on the left, in a trim blue suit and a white shirt, undone at his collar. Finn stood up, a delighted smile spreading over his face.
“It’s a shame you couldn’t come into an earlier fitting,” Noah said to John as he stepped out. “Normally, this would be the third one, to tighten everything up.”
“No. But why’d you suddenly fancy a shopping trip? Two weeks ago, you said my clothing looked like and I quote ‘the rejects from the bottom of the bargain bin at a charity shop after the sale.’ Remember that bit?”
Mrs. Taylor flushed. “Um.” She grappled with Gabe as he squirmed on her lap. “I’m not sure who to ask, really. Sorry.”
“Some poor bird got chopped up by her boyfriend and buried in a bunch of flower planters,” John said in return.
John didn’t move. He stared. Hamish grabbed him and forced John towards the Alpha standing in the doorway.
Mrs. Talbot worked her jaw, color flooding down her neck. “You need to teach your Omega to behave, Mr. Holmes.”
He had sold his slick four times. He had figured he might as well. Being an Omega was good for little else.  The first time had been to pay for suppressants with Harry pacing up and down the hallway grumbling and growling, standing watch. The rest had been in a bolt hole with his dealer standing by with collection jars. He had told himself never again. He’d rather shoot himself.
Pheromones were also a giant bloody mess; creating problems like this morning. Worse, really, if he thought about it.
“’Emergency. Which service?’ ’Um,’ George spoke, his voice high and wobbling. A pause. ‘Um. Dead.’ ‘Is someone dead, now?’ ‘Christ. Yeah. Uh. Christ. He’s dead.’ ‘Can you give me your address.’ ‘I don’t know the address. It’s a hotel. I’m at a hotel.’ ‘That’s fine. Completely fine. Can you give me the hotel name?’ ‘Seaglass.’ ‘Okay. Thank you. Are you hurt at all?’ ‘No. I’m. He’s dead.’ ‘That’s alright. Can you stay on the phone with me? I’m sending an ambulance.’ ‘Someone’s coming?’ ‘Yes. An ambulance is on its way. Can you stay on the phone with me?’ ‘No. No. I need to go.’ ‘Please stay on the phone—’”
“That’s what I thought but then there was nowhere to put him. My flat is no place to receive an Omega.”
Part of John had wanted to be good. He had. He wanted his pack Alphas to be proud of him. For the Alphas who showed up trying to scent him to care about him. It would have been nice to be a good Omega.
Hazily, he reached back towards his arse. He creased down until the tip of his thumb felt around the engorged dripping muscle. His arse swallowed the single-digit eagerly and his knees almost gave out as he instantly clenched around it, seeking more. With no shame, John slid his knees as far apart as he could manage and slipped in a few more fingers.
Sherlock made no movement to pull off the shirt. How did Sherlock not understand? Why was he still in the bloody piece of clothing? John smothered him, dropping all his weight right on Sherlock’s sternum. Sherlock let out a choked cough and he gasped. Good. It bought John a bit of time while Sherlock caught his breath.
Sherlock kept a firm grip on John’s neck, forcing John to continually breathe in Sherlock’s scent as Lestrade left again. Sherlock ran his free hand up and down John’s back and to the scent glands on his wrists, giving each a firm rub. It was startling how comforting it was. The last person John remembered doing that was his mum.
John ripped the styrofoam top off one of the chippy boxes and loaded it with chips and half a sandwich.
Mrs. Talbot blinked slowly at him. She gripped his hand formally and greeted him as another Alpha. “Yes.”
The glands puffed out after a few minutes and Sherlock rumbled, low and warm when John pressed. The sound fell into John, making him catch his breath. Their scents folded together. A near-perfect harmony of the combination that normally haunted the flat.
The diffusers hissed noise into the room as they sprayed another round of neutralizer out. John inhaled the chemical air. The flat needed them now too. They’d have to be installed. Sherlock had dissected them all in one of his fugues and John had cut his foot open on one of the discarded parts. Right. John shoved the pamphlets to the bottom of his work bag and balled up the hospital gown before tossing it on the examination table.
Sherlock sat in his chair with the Belstaff draped half over his head. His bottom lip peaked out and he sucked on the heavy fabric. His adam’s apple bobbed with every swallow and his head fell further back, chasing the remaining pheromones on the coat. His legs were spread wide and his cock jutted straight up, casting its own impressive shadow over his taught stomach. It jerked in his hands, completely flushed, and straining. Precum dripped out.
“Right.” John backed away. The hallway would be fine. He’d be able to sit down. Breathe some fresh air. “Sorry. Just going to step out for a bit.”
“I’ve never had.” John stopped and moved his jaw, trying to work his voice steady. “There’s never been.” He cleared his throat. He let out a deep breath. “Thank you.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “Thank you.”
“Outside of the family? With us it’s just alright, isn’t it? But if he starts up when he goes to primary or playdates or I don’t know, out to the shops, will he?”
On the opposite, unfamiliar were counterproductive. Especially, another Omega’s. John rubbed his face. He’d just toss whatever it was in the bin and get it done with. Maybe hop in the shower after for a quick wash. John stood up and hunted.
Nothing in the shop had a price tag. Cautiously, John let go of the suit he’d been examining. He tucked his hands behind his back and kept them there as he and Sherlock waited for a fitting room.
“I had hoped if this went well, I could have your blessing to discuss a bonding contract with your father. What do you say?”
Sherlock folded around him, the Belstaff brushing against his shoulders as Sherlock slowly ran his hand along John’s back up to his neck. He held it there, brushing his thumb against John’s soft baby hairs.  Sherlock bent down slightly, letting his curls dust against John’s cheeks, and nudged John towards Sherlock’s scent gland.
At least today had been with Sherlock and not some random cunt from a bar who had gotten a whiff and decided to pin John to the wall. It happened a few times when he’d bought bad suppressants off his dealers and he went somewhere public. The worst part of it was he ate the entire bloody thing up. He craved some big, strong Alpha just hoisting him up and impaling him on their cock. Especially on heat days.
“Oh. It was.” She squeezed his forearm. “I’m just so happy for you boys. Though, my bedroom is right below Sherlock’s. Perhaps I should invest in one of those noise machines.”
He gave the dish a bit of a shake. It was all a bit absurd. He was holding a petri dish with some lads’ cum in it and it was wiggling.
Deeply, John breathed, shoving his nose against Sherlock’s warm skin. The scent was still there. Tainting and taunting. It wasn’t supposed to be there. This was John’s and Sherlock’s. John made a desperate noise. Even the shirt. He shoved Sherlock hard, out of the chair and onto the ground. Sherlock looked up at him stunned.
Her scent enhancers leaked over and John felt his body automatically tense and his jaw clench. He tightened his grip on his drink to keep himself from triggering his own to challenge hers. A teenager was not his competition. He needed more whiskey. It was bloody exhausting, getting riled up at every stray Omega scent he came across.  He was starting to wonder if neutralizers even worked.
Thankfully, Sherlock’s chest proved to be the easiest part and gave John breathing room. He only had to skim over it, most of the work having been done at the neck. The last bit was the hardest.
Omegas smelled soft—the quiet moments when everything just seemed to hush. British poets described it like the first burst of rain in the morning or the steam curling up from a hot cup of tea. In John’s case; the perfume his mum had watered down to keep longer, left sitting in Hamish’s room after her death. A scent Harry and John thought of as home.
John replaced his cheeks with his tongue and repeated the process. Up and down with drags of his tongue. Sherlock had also shaved a bit of his cock, right at the base, the stubble was rough. John had missed that with his cheeks. He flicked his tongue around the knot, following the growing curve and bulging veins, his mouth almost touching.
“Yes,” Finn blinked at him, surprised. “The cello. It’s what I do for a living. I’m the sub-principle for the London Philharmonic Symphony. How’d you guess?”
John shook his head. No. This was John’s room. His nest. Alphas weren’t allowed. Sherlock frowned at him
Sherlock ignored his question and led the two of them through the front doors, not giving John a moment to protest.
John breathed heavily and stroked himself, once, twice, and hunched over, gasping out silently and abruptly as he came. His free hand covered his cockhead, catching the cum that leaked out. His head thudded against the wall as he pitched to the side and he focused back on Sherlock.
“Yes. We believe he was the first victim in a series of murders we are currently investigating. We believe his autopsy was altered to hide what happened. Finding out the name of his doctor would help us locate the original report, and who was behind it.”
“Well, all good then. It’s nothing to worry about,” John assured. It was basic, in fact. “A/O children born to Beta couples often show early signs of scenting and territory marking.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and pressed. John’s shoulders loosened. Sherlock quirked a fast smile. John would have smiled back if he thought it was amusing. It wasn’t. Only gaining control of his body because of different Alpha pheromones proved Mycroft right.
This Omega, this dead Omega, had made reservations in an Omega hotel designed specifically for Omega safety. There were body guards stationed throughout the first floor, the required check-in, the multi-lock system John had seen on the front door, and emergency buzzers attached under most of the furniture; all things that were supposed to ensure an uneventful heat. Yet, because he had been in heat and completely and utterly reliant on an Alpha to tend to him, to keep him safe, he had died.
“Fantastic,” Finn said with another laugh.  “I was a bit scared, to be honest. I’d never thought an Omega would pick out my profile. I was a bit relieved when I saw yours.”
John shook his head, several times. “No. You’ve got to be joking. Your son is dead, hm? He died while he was in heat, completely vulnerable and dependent on other people to keep him safe. That is not business. Your son is not business.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he pocketed the drive. He picked up one of the compiled profiles. He scanned the top one and sharply looked up at Mycroft.
Sherlock’s hips jerked off the chair, thrusting his cock into his fist. His other hand sharply flexed on his knot, mimicking what John’s arse would do if they fucked. His moans were muffled by the Belstaff as his knees pulled even further apart and he strained forward, the head of his cock shoving out and back between his wet fingers.
Sherlock pulled up the edge of the scarf and leaned down to smell it. He took several perusing sniffs before turning to the main body of the scarf, putting his nose and face embarrassingly close to John’s neck.
Sherlock grinned. “At least your porn habits suggest you’ll enjoy it. Our taxis are almost here, come along.”
“Oh, God. You’re not quitting, are you? I promise your load will go back down after Hannah is back from her holidays.”
Nothing bad had happened. He repeated it several times over, willing himself to accept it. He had bit the Alpha and Harry had taken him into her room where she had shoved both of them out onto the scaffolding that covered the left side of the building. The government had run out of money to finish the project, at least according to the building manager.
How his cock would have looked, stiff and torrid in Sherlock’s grip. And small. That shouldn’t be a turn on, but God, it was. To know Sherlock rested behind him, every part of him big and Alpha and how safe John would be as he fucked himself into that massive hand. Watching the head of his cock push between those large fingers, coating them with his precum and his scent. Knowing that Alpha watched and felt everything John did.
“No. It was a contract. A settlement would have at least secured your household for several years and Mr. Talbot wouldn’t be wearing fake pearls. How much?” Sherlock asked.
John looked to the ceiling. “Sherlock. Why are we discussing my—” John made a gesture down to his crotch.
John reached for his cock and started stroking. Nothing fancy, just efficient jerks to get him off. Sherlock stilled John’s hand and replaced it with his own, mimicking what had been John’s movement.
John wasn’t sure what to say. If Finn had been a woman John would have complimented his eyes or something about what he was wearing. He’d slide in the seat next to him and try to have a go at holding hands. He’d lean close, so Finn knew exactly where all of his attention was and he’d smile at everything Finn said.
“Shame that,” John said. He flexed his hand over his thigh. “Spotted nothing new for suppressants, have you?”
This was all shite. John said something. His words gibberish to his own ears. He wanted to let go. To get up. Head to his room. Curl up under the sheets, gun in hand.
He fumbled with the side table until he managed to get the drawer open. He kept four emergency shots of Beta hormones in his room and another eight in the main part of the flat; two were next to his bed, another in with his socks and the last one tucked with his gun. He refused to throw them out even at Dr. Jones insistence. He bit the cap off the first syringe he grabbed and jammed it right into his thigh.
Mycroft fetched a second spray bottle and used it several times before tucking both away. The new Alpha scent was relaxed, happy, and very pungent. John would have coughed if he was able to. It still worked very slowly. It was hard for his body to adjust away from the complete terror the previous scent had wrought.
Mycroft dabbed his napkin against the corner of his mouth. “You could once again be of service by securing a select Alpha for Queen and country.”
John tried to take a calming breath and failed. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and desperately tried to catalog his symptoms.
“Which has been in a travel bag since you moved in. You haven’t taken it out once since you arrived in London. Not very keen to wear it, are you?”
“Then I am a bit unsure of the source of your distress. Normally, your emotional swings are easy to puzzle out. Hardly a puzzle at all, really. More like unnecessary subtitles.”
Sherlock’s eyes were black, a pale sliver of color almost winking out. He leaned down, tucking his head in the curve of John’s shoulder.
“Do you smell that John?” Sherlock asked with more caution than John had ever seen him use. “Just us.”
Theo rushed around the lounge to Liz’s side. He offered her his arm and she grasped it. After a few deep breaths she hoisted herself off with a slight grimace. The scent of heat drifted over. John froze, his hands tightening around the notebook. He didn’t dare move until Liz and Theo were several rooms away.
“Then you came out, found him dead, called the police, and left him,” Lestrade stated. “I’d like to play something, a 999 call that was made from a cell phone, registered under your name, George.”
“I didn’t want to leave,” George said. “I just couldn’t get caught up in it all. If my Omega found out. My Omega can’t leave me. It’d ruin me. Straight out.”
“Three to four months,” Noah said. He circled around John. “We’ve had your suits on hand for much longer.”
“If he honestly died of heat complications, which does happen, there should be remarks somewhere about it. An over producing slick gland maybe or a O-gland not releasing properly.”
“Hm. Yes,” Sherlock said. He stepped back into the hallway and checked his phone. “Five minutes. Best hop to it. Unless you fancy a trip across London in your pajamas.”
John had smothered Sherlock in his scent in the most intimate way possible. What Sherlock asked for paled in comparison, really.
Sherlock adjusted his gloves and scrutinized the clothing on the floor, taking in every stitch and crease with his magnifying glass. John simply refused to notice how tight the white coveralls stretched over Sherlock’s thighs and arse as he squatted. Blokes never noticed that about their best mates. If they did, they best had not be caught staring and with Sherlock there’d be no way around it.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He oscillated minutely, something John had to be this close to notice, examining something. “This is where I’m supposed to offer help?” Sherlock asked after a stretch of silence.
The real problem was his heat. If he had the pills, the beta-blockers in them would keep his heat limited to a day or two but after that. There was no start day for it. If he was bloody unlucky, the first real heat he’d had in decades could start the day after he stopped taking his suppressants. Or the day after that. Or the next. Or not for a few weeks. Maybe not for months; if he was lucky. Maybe. And that was utter rubbish. It just wasn’t an option to go into heat anywhere he pleased.
That’s why stud houses and clubs existed. Omegas were unable to get off with just anyone unless they pumped their system full of Beta hormones and suppressed their instincts as John had. And they couldn’t just go fuck an Alpha off the street. They needed someone safe.
Sherlock picked up one chip and bit the end off. He chewed then popped the rest in his mouth. John ignored the curl of pleasure at Sherlock eating food John gave him.
“Remember the robbery arson from last week? Looks like the son was the culprit. Beat his mother to death with a hammer and set the house on fire. A miracle he didn’t kill his brother.” John settled further into his chair.
Sherlock never wore a belt. All his posh trousers fit against his hips perfectly. John slid his fingers under the waistband and wrenched it down. Sherlock made a noise of protest.
The walls were striped in a tasteful tan and white. A wooden table occupied the middle of the room, half-filled with clear labeled containers and flanked by two plush white couches that were draped with gray blankets.
“Well, I’m not blind! I can see just fine and your trousers are already nicely tailored. If I’d been any younger I think I would have had a go.”
John guided Sherlock’s head down and started by coasting his thumbs over Sherlock’s cheekbones. A rush of pleasure curled in his chest. It felt right to indulge. He moved up to Sherlock’s ears before going down Sherlock’s jaw, secretly marveling at how smooth he managed to keep his chin. John’s scruff always started to come in right away.
Finley Clarke was the first Alpha’s name. He was twenty-seven. That had to be one of the reasons he smelled so good. Young Alphas were in the prime of their life. John had over ten years on him. Finley was probably expecting some slip of an Omega that hadn’t even hit twenty. He’d take one look at John and laugh.
“I thought you were supposed to smell sweet,” was what Harry had said. “You smell like. I don’t know. Like mum’s old perfume bottles.”
John forced himself to focus on something else. Sherlock was an easy target, even as he made simple checks over the body, he moved with a confident flourish that emphasized his features. Quickly into their friendship John had learned how to not look too closely.
John nearly sagged in relief. Noah just thought Sherlock was being possessive of him because they had shagged recently. It was one of the few times Alphas particularities were still catered to because outside of drugging them off their tits there was no answer. On the downside, he thought they were shagging. John would take it. Not like everyone already thought they were anyways.
Sherlock barked out a laugh. “Come now. We both know if all I wanted was to be buggered, I could have gotten a Beta to play dress-up with. A much cheaper hobby and accepted among our fellows.”
The last Omega scandal in the news had been an affair partner who had shown up while the bondmate had been in heat. The Omega had killed both their Alpha and the affair partner. The headline had memorably read ‘Entrails from the Nest,' with some gory pictures that John had found quite fascinating. It was amazing how people could be killed.
“Oh, but.” Mrs. Hudson fluttered her hands before frowning at the two of them. “What was yesterday about then?”
“It would have been suicidal for my parent’s business prospects. The failure to protect an Omega is akin to letting someone shoot the Queen. It's not something you fail at.”
“We could go smaller here,” Noah said. “You do have wide shoulders for your stature, but if we went thinner it would emphasize your slim figure.”
The too-sweet scent stuck to the fabric as Noah continued to go over the seams. Worry crawled along John’s skin, slow and arresting. He let out a breath. The Alpha was just doing his job. Hamish wasn’t here. John clenched his fists. He was not going to have two panic attacks in just as many days. His useless Omega instincts were throwing a fit over absolutely nothing. This wouldn’t bother a Beta. Or an Alpha. It shouldn’t bother John.
Ayla and her chaperone passed a joint between them. She offered it to John and he held back the urge to tell her to piss off. He had said something to the same effect earlier when she had propositioned him. She in turn had told him he was alright and bullied Emir to take his place.
They expected him to take a few sniffs and have a nice wank. By his leave. Just a casual afternoon at a stud house. He sighed. He’d rather be anywhere else, really.  Opening his eyes, he glanced at the room and was surprised. He’d expected pink.
“Yeah. Yeah. I saw that arse when he walked out and how trim that suit was. Mine's let herself go. Said I wasn’t going anywhere.” George pinched his face. “Fucking cunts’ right, isn’t she? Me or you can’t go anywhere. We’re stuck.”
Briefly, he had looked into the more popular option of diffuser jewelry. They were refillable and had adjustable strength options but they were anything but subtle. Anyone who saw him wearing one would know he was Omega. Years of carefully presenting himself as a Beta would run through his fingers like water. Completely unacceptable.
“Don’t shite me. You’ve been staring at him all night.” Ayla leaned her head back onto her chaperone’s shoulder and rubbed her cheek in, scenting him. He took the joint from her. “Know his name?”
The last person John had chosen to scent had been Harry after one of her drunken binges over seven years ago. She had reeked of alcohol and bile and sat on the floor of her flat bawling her eyes out, while John had watched from the couch, visiting on leave. Clara had asked for some space, years before Harry’s drinking fully drove her away. He remembered sliding down next to her and very carefully pressing their cheeks together before Harry crushed him in a hug, shoving her head into his neck and breathing him in.
John was not going to check himself into a hospital because he was failing to deal with his own biology.
Lestrade pressed a button and talked for the microphone on the table. “15:52, Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson join the interview room.”
The dead male Omega was curled up on his side. Dried, opaque slick freckled his thighs and stomach and cock and spotted down his legs. The sheets under him were dark and still damp. His head faced towards the window in a completely unnatural position, his neck had to be broken. Probably the cause of death. Often it was the obvious as much as Sherlock postured.
Sherlock, as the only Alpha John spent any amount of time with, fell unequivocally into that category. John really should be surprised that showing off his scent gland hadn’t manifested when his suppressants began to diminish.
“Sherlock, this is an Omega hotel,” John said, sliding up against Sherlock’s shoulder and keeping his voice down.
“Maybe. Maybe.” John leaned back in the chair and rolled his shoulders. “If you need to talk, our door is open for you. I promise.”
“Must be cozy, having the staff off on holiday.” Sherlock ran his free hand over the top of a decorative vase and showed off the dust that covered his fingers. He flicked it off. “What company are you using? Perhaps I can recommend a more attentive one, especially if you are going to continue with little lie-ins.  Or I’ve always been partial to a live-in housekeeper.”
The deeply Omega part of John wrenched itself in-between two polarizing reactions, giving him whiplash. He hated it. Control was illuding him. He desperately wanted to preen, to frame the bite on his shoulder and hang the picture in the flat. He’d make a blog post about it for people to read and finally buy those rubbish shirts designed to show off his scent gland. People should be jealous. After years and years of nothing an Alpha had finally taken notice enough to try and bond him.
“We only had a few sessions before he passed out,” George said, continuing. “He’s young, wasn’t used to the longer runs. Can yours still go for a long time?”
Sherlock came, surrounding John in his scent of happy, content, aroused Alpha. It was blissful. A shot of endorphins straight to his prick. Sherlock jerked forward as his cock emptied itself in spasms and he bit down on John’s neck.
Sherlock pulled one of the chairs out from the table and sat in it with an unnecessary flourish. Oliver reached out and smoothed a hand down the Belstaff, a smile quirking.
“Yeah. That’s what having an Omega is, isn’t it? A fucking transaction. One that has an excessive amount of upkeep. I just wanted a bit more. Mine doesn’t let me near her unless it’s for a heat. That’s why I was with Bobby at the hotel. I just wanted to spend time with an Omega that was interested.”
John dragged his cheek up Sherlock’s neck and stubble, rubbing his scent in as he went. He shoved their chins together and crossed over, heading to the other scent gland. Sherlock just needed to smell like John. Was that so hard?
It was a basic echo response to Sherlock’s shifting pheromones. Angry Alpha translated to danger and a pathetic part of John’s Omega instincts were failing to understand that Sherlock was only upset at a bloody cup of tea.
“That’s a bit rude, isn’t it?” Mrs. Hudson asked John. “I wouldn’t have minded a bit of a show. Sherlock is so very Alpha, isn’t he? I loved it when Mr. Hudson caved in. Very stimulating.”
Sherlock eyed the tablet for a second longer before opening the smallest box and shoving it in John’s face. “Pick.”
“He does that,” Mrs. Taylor continued, hesitantly. “And such, to everything.” She paused. “It’s a bit much, isn’t it?”
When he was able to get control of himself, he popped the lid off. Bringing it up to his nose, he sniffed. Nothing happened. He frowned and sniffed again.
Mycroft reached under his coat and pulled out a small spritzer. John had a sinking feeling he knew exactly what was in it.
“My mother only now considers my father a worthwhile investment. I believe his marriage price drained the entire family reserve. She is very lucky she inherited several family properties otherwise my Father would have never looked her way. My sister was allowed to go to approved A/O clubs to find sexual partners for one-night stands. She was never allowed to repeat one.”
“Then I don’t see what the problem is!” Sherlock snapped, jerking back in his chair and tapping his feet against the floor in frustrated movements.
Theo appeared caught out to be suddenly included in the conversation again. “I’d never thought about it,” he said hesitantly.
George leaned back in his chair. “It’s surprising how little other Alphas understand. They already think I’m a bastard for cheating on mine. But they don’t get it, do they? They think you have an Omega and suddenly you have everything you could ever fucking dream of. But that’s not how it goes, is it?”
“Yes. Because that’s what happened. I read through the file. You don’t have anything on me, other than that I fucked him. I’m sorry he’s dead. But it’s not my problem. Can I get a drink?”
In the loo, John splashed cold water on his face. He did it several times and stopped only when the color faded from his cheeks. The shame remained.
He inhaled. Once. Twice and slumped against the wall. The scent of Sherlock and home nestled against him, driving away from the blank of the hotel. He wrapped it tighter and stuffed some of it in his mouth, trying to take in as much as possible.
“I want to schedule an appointment next week to see how the transition is going,” she continued. “If it gets to be too much you can come in any time and we can administer some temporary blockers to help. We don’t want you to get overwhelmed.”
Sherlock’s scent shifted and John’s own scent was changing to answer it. He shifted, feeling the drag of his own cock against his robe and the slick gathering in his arse. The arousal bloomed between them, heady, but not enough. John looked up. Sherlock’s eyes were almost black and his cheeks flushed. John preened. He’d done that. Not this other Omega.
Mr. Talbot said nothing to John’s question. John couldn’t believe it. These two were no better than Hamish. He wondered if they paraded Alphas around Henry like Hamish had. He always brought Alphas to the kitchen first and he’d set them up with a cheap beer and then start on business like they were talking about the weather. John had always listened from his bed, his knees drawn to his chest and realizing quite numbly what would happen the moment his body stopped rearranging itself.
“Good. Oh. And it's just going to be Holmes today. Apologies. I know we had agreed on Watson-Holmes but it does make people ask questions,” Sherlock said.
“You must have been selling it for several years for it to be worth it over a contract. How young did you start? Fifteen is the average age for an Omega’s first heat. I bet you got the best offers when he was young and ripe and hadn’t been fucked on a knot before,” Sherlock said, pressing forward.
“John?” Sherlock asked stopping short as John failed to budge from the spot the taxi had dropped them off on. “Alright?”
Mycroft pulled out an elaborate bonding pin with a yellow diamond at the center. He clipped it on the suit and held his arm out. John crossed his own.
“Yes. Alright.” She paused before pushing ahead. “He does it all the time, though. When he goes to bed, he has a go around the room and touches everything. Really, everything. Now that he can talk, he names everything he scents.”
The chaperone did and only handed it over after some persuading. John thanked the both of them, ordered another round of whiskey, drank it, and then said his goodbyes. Spending his night hunkered at a bar while Sherlock did whatever with the Omega was not his idea of a good time.
Mycroft gave him a thin smile. “So are most of the people in this room, but they still have time for their proclivities.”
He held himself till he went soft, listing to his own breathing echoing against the table. He tucked himself back in and separated the last two samples from the rest before realizing he still had cum coating his fingers.
“Right. Of course. Sorry.” John opened the notebook on his lap. Lestrade had prepared a list of questions that Sherlock had added notes to. More complaints than notes, really. “Recently, we found a dead Omega at an Omega hotel. We believe his death is related to your sister's from a month ago. We wanted to ask a few questions regarding the circumstances of your sister’s death.”
Explaining to Sherlock that he might as well have pissed on his own scarf the way it smelled and that John was in feeble control of his instincts was right out.
“No,” Sherlock said. “Nothing on how he died. Did you know his parents were selling his heats?” At Oliver’s and his chaperone's horrified looks Sherlock continued. “No you didn’t, did you. Did you stop to wonder how he wasn’t bonded? He had a few years on you, didn’t he? Almost twenty was it.”
“You can’t get access to the footage of the lobby or lift because the UK considers their Omegas to be national treasures and any information is blocked by more red tape than trying to get a personal audience with the Queen. This hotel legally can’t keep any record of the Omegas they service and by the amount of time the receptionist spent looking at my ID they could care less about the Alphas that come in. You have an unidentified brutalized Omega with no record of the Alpha who accompanied them. Am I right?” Sherlock had advanced as he talked and was near looming over Lestrade.
He leaned back into the seat and stared out the window. He breathed in deeply, trying to sneak a sniff at Sherlock. Nothing. Not even a hint of arousal. Just the bland scent of an Omega taxi.
Letting out a shaky breath, John moved. He set a brutal pace, using his arms to pull him up as much as his legs lifted. The dildo was hard and unyielding and punishing at John’s speed, forcing him open rather than encouraging.
John managed to beeline it. He ripped off his mask and gulped down the air in the hallway. Everything smelled stale and empty and not real. He tore open the suit and shoved it off before grasping at Sherlock’s scarf. He shoved it into his nose.
Sherlock flicked out his ID and then reached into John’s back pocket and fished out his wallet. He placed both IDs on the counter and Jenny mumbled thanks as she typed on her keyboard. She hardly glanced at Sherlock’s ID and focused solely on John’s. She ran it through a card reader obscured under the desk and offered both of them back.
John had never bothered to pay attention; it had seemed like a waste of time when he was on suppressants. He could hardly smell anyone’s scent, much less tell when they left it on something. Embarrassing, really. Unless it was completely overpowering and it smacked him in the face.
“You’ve been handling suppressed heats,” Dr. Jones reminded. “An unsuppressed heat at your age without being bonded is already extremely dangerous. Without any Alpha to service you, you run the risk of heat poisoning. It is the most common cause of death for unbonded Omegas.”
“You would have! If it had been me. If I had been the one half-mad due to some horrid, insipid backward evolutionary draw of instincts and the best logical solution was to frot like morons on the floor you would have done it.”
John hefted himself out of the chair and Sam led them to a nicer area of the building that looked a bit like a hotel lobby. They stopped outside a door with a gold number two. A basket with a bright pink bow rested in front of it. Sam picked up the basket with a smile and offered it to John.
He pressed his forehead into the table and took himself in hand. His cock was hot and heavy and red. Pre-cum dribbled down from his slit. He ran his thumb over the liquid, dragging it around the head and past the crown. His breathing became heavy.
“It's common sense,” Sherlock said. “Can’t have one A/O couple running into another. It’d be rather exciting. We’d probably see more murders. A bit of a shame.”
“It doesn’t need to be actually finished. I need it to look finished—don’t bother with the lining, just get the hems done up. People never actually look.”
Lestrade let out a defeated sigh. “Yeah.” Lestrade made an aborted, frustrated movement. “Bloody hell. He was our only lead.”
“We were discussing the pins over clips.” Sherlock leaned forward as Oliver and his chaperone retook their seats. “Now stop wasting my time with idle chitchat.”
“Right,” John started. “So.” He pulled out his medical report that Dr. Jones had forwarded him and placed it in front of Sarah. He let out a nervous breath. “I know you’re not required to keep me on. But I’d like to stay.”
Sherlock let go of his prick and it fell on his stomach, ruining his shirt as it continued to spasm. Both of his hands moved to his knot, gently caressing it. The Belstaff started to slide off as Sherlock's head shifted, letting his gasping breaths escape into the flat as he came down. Quickly, John tucked himself away and scrambled to pick up the bags. He swallowed. He’d just pop down to Mrs. Hudson, she already thought they were shagging and have a quick spritz of neutralizer. Then he’d pop back to the shop and send a text.
One faded air-freshener dangled from the front mirror and the diffusers strapped to the air vents were crusted over with dust. There was nothing to curb the rich, burnt Alpha stench that seeped out of the pores of the old vinyl seats.
His legs continued to quiver and his inhales shuddered in-between moans and desperate gasps, his cock jerked weakly and he kept clenching. The edge held him. Unbearably so. John reached a shaking hand towards his cock. He gave himself a few jerks, almost losing his grip to overstimulation. His hand seared against his prick and he dropped it, whining. Not enough.
A large, warm hand grasped the back of his neck, fingers just brushing against his scent gland and another gently pried the scarf away. John kept his eyes closed. Seeing the judgment would be too much. This was already a cock-up. The hand urged John forward until his nose was firmly nestled in a warm neck and fully curled into a larger body.
Sherlock made a frustrated noise and continued to bang around. John stared at the little photo icon and clicked on it. Both blokes were fit. Or they were wearing white t-shirts a few sizes too small. And young. Christ. He moved the phone closer to his face.
Sherlock used his free hand to hunt around in John’s bag. He kept at it until he discovered the flyers John had shoved all the way down to the bottom and pulled them out. Sherlock regarded them with little care before discarding them.
At thirteen, then fourteen, and the first months into fifteen there was little John could do against a grown Alpha who wanted to manhandle him. All Hamish had to do was grab John’s shoulder or let out an excessive amount of pheromones that would freeze him from the inside out. He’d be paralyzed for whatever Hamish wanted to do with him.
“If something happens to you while I’m in charge I really am going to be sacked,” Lestrade said. “I need some peace of mind.”
Sherlock cricked his neck and stretched, pulling his shirt taut over his chest. The top few buttons were still undone and his sleeves had been rolled up to his elbows. John regarded the autopsy again.
George dismissed her. “You’re judging me. What would you have done, then? I called. Did the right thing.”
Even at the thought he was hard. He tapped the side of the phone. Sherlock rattled around in the kitchen. John looked over his shoulder. Sherlock was crouched down in front of the oven, trying to scrape something up, a slide in his other hand. The dick was trying to put the burned bits under a microscope. Of course. What else did one do with mysterious burnt shite in the oven? John almost laughed.
Sherlock tucked his head into the archway from the kitchen. His eyes darted from John’s shoulder scar to his scent gland. Sherlock sniffed. There was nothing to smell. After the Beta hormones and shower, John smelled like nothing.
John would bow further, lost in the mix of them, and suck on Sherlock’s neck. He’d feel the scent gland pulse as it engorged itself with pheromones to tempt John into biting. His teeth would drag back and forth, forcing the skin to flush and throb. John shuddered.
“If you want a go at the body you’re wearing a mask and suiting up,” Lestrade warned. “I’m not dealing with that brother of yours if you go tits up over a dead Omega.”
“Hardly. My brain almost atrophied and was unable to process anything besides basic sensory output.”
They ended up at a private park. John halted on the grass. Sherlock waited next to him, still holding his hand like he was a wayward child.
Mrs. Hudson set some out on a plate for him. He ate one. Then a second. He was really quite hungry. And a third and at the fourth, the kettle started to boil, the water rumbling.
“You weighed the consequences of going to jail for a man you had known less than two days and then made an educated choice. I saw my best friend going mad from instincts and then made an educated choice. Different consequences, but choices of similar magnitude, I expect.”
Sherlock grinned at him and entered. Oh, God. What did John get himself into? “Pop on the bed. A good place to start. I think,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock made a noise, a hint of a moan, muffled by his coat. He had tightened his grip on his knot and he squeezed it several times in quick succession and it bulged out between his fingers from the pressure. Christ, it looked thick. John’s arse would swallow that up and he’d love every second of it. The toys he used worked fine but there was nothing compared to the real thing. To have a hot, heavy cock shoved in, splitting him apart as the knot pushed and stretched and made John beg for more.
“You put down that you liked reading crap mystery and true crime novels. I figured, since you said you were a doctor, a tablet would be easier to carry around than some of those thick novels. It’s a full sixty-four gig. Microsoft had a more expensive one but it was more like a small computer and I’m not sure if that’d be something you’d use. Or want. The tickets are well. I’d hoped you want to come see a performance. Alright?”
John watched Sherlock from the mirror, brow furrowed. He was still on the phone and listening attentively in a way he only got when on a case. The phone call ended and Sherlock started tapping out a text.
The lift pinged and opened to a very small hallway with a sleek black door and a fingerprint scanner for a lock. Sherlock pressed John’s fingers into the scanner before John managed a protest and held them there until it lit up green and popped the lock. Sherlock let go of John’s hand and stepped into a hotel suite that ate up the entire floor.
“You picked a good place to have one,” Lestrade offered, trying to fill the silence. “Mine smelled like weeks old rubbish and piss. Had to throw away that day’s suit, couldn’t get the filth off it. It's always the cases with the young kids that get me. The two kids strung up wasn’t even the most brutal one we’d worked on that year but it still hit.”
Oliver moved onto Sherlock’s lap and leaned to press their cheeks together. Sherlock let him. Not my area, John’s arse. He waved the bartender over and held up his empty glass for another pour. If Sherlock was going to get a leg over and John had to talk to a teenage Omega, John could very well treat himself to a few more fingers of whiskey.
“Well, what am I supposed to think, hm? You said this wasn’t your area. We had sex because you thought it would help me.”
John stopped himself. He needed nothing more to confirm it. Being around Liz in her pre-heat must have set him off. Another rubbish Omega perk. One breeding Omega meant it must be safe to get fucked. Obviously.
John clicked on the first one again—he really was similar. Maybe that would make it better. John scrolled down and browsed through a handful more. The Alpha went from fully clothed to nothing. He stood naked, his cock fully flushed, knot half popped. The next picture was a close-up. And the one after. John coughed and went back to the body of the email.
His arse contracted helplessly around the toy and he came, his cock jerking against the sheets as he tried to curl on himself. The Alpha stopped him, coiling an arm around John’s stomach, running his sticky fingers over John’s skin.
Sherlock gave Mrs. Hudson a quick kiss on the cheek and stopped before their guests. His eyes bounced between the two of them. He pulled off the Belstaff and draped it over the sitting room table.
Carefully, John picked out and donned his bathrobe from his wardrobe and headed downstairs. He paused on the landing before hesitantly stepping into the sitting room and nearly stepping right back out. Sherlock’s scent drenched the main parts of the flat. Anyone with a hint of a nose would know this was Alpha territory and that was perfect and terrifying and overwhelming and exactly what he needed.
Nervously, he tossed his hand through his hair and then scowled at himself. There was no reason to be nervous. John was going to go in. Meet the Alpha and decide if he wanted that Alpha to service him for his heats. If John thought the Alpha was a cunt he had to simply get up and leave.
Mr. Talbot tightly smiled. Stiffly, he sat down across from them. His O-Lariat was a very simple style, a long cord of silver with one pearl at the center of his neck. John frowned; he’d never seen one that plain before. Mr. Talbot caught John eying him and one of his hands fluttered to his neck, hiding the pearl.
“My porn habits. I thought I told you to leave off of that.” Sherlock ignored him and headed towards the stairs. John jogged to keep up. “Sherlock. That’s not funny.”
“There’s no other names. Who identified the body, who was first on the scene? It’s a complete joke.”
“Think. The case, John. The only suit you own was one you wore to your sister’s wedding. It's horrid and ill-fitting.”
The conversation stilled as John entered the room. The Belstaff had been returned to the table and another chair was pulled up next to Sherlock. John parked himself on it and shoved the teacups on the table. Oliver and his chaperone stood. They formally offered their fingers for scenting. Right. This was John’s territory and he was the senior Omega. He should have done the same thing earlier at the Talbot’s.
John offered a placating smile. “I promise you it is helping him. He wouldn’t be so happy if you weren’t.” John opened the bottom drawer of his desk and pulled out several brochures and passed them over. “You’ll probably want to go to a hospital. They offer free services to A/O children with Beta parents. They’ll coach him through scenting so he isn’t so overwhelming. I’d recommend checking in at the front desk, they’ll have more information available.”
“What a treat,” Sherlock gushed. “Normally people just have the help fetching it. I can never get my Omega to lift a finger while at home.”
“No. We rutted against each other like two drunk imbeciles, but I’m inclined to think that the point still stands.”
Sherlock drank his coffee and made a slightly disgusted face. John pushed the sugar dish over to him. Sherlock dropped two sugars in and stirred.
“How much more will you eat?” Sherlock asked, leaning into John’s chair, and putting him too close. “The amount varied per study.”
Mrs. Hudson carefully put the takeaway in her fridge and faffed around the kettle and ordered John to take a seat at her kitchen table.
Several rows of light blue sapphires draped across his chest, shoulder to shoulder. The strands connected in the back at the top of John’s spine where it tapered into a long elaborate silver chain that dripped smaller sapphires until it ended at a detailed crest, resting just above his arse. John had never expected to wear an O-Lariat in his lifetime. They were for bonded Omegas.
Sherlock just held him, didn’t move, didn’t force John’s head closer by the last few centimeters separating them. He rested his head atop of John’s, not caring that his shirt was soaked from John’s wet gasps and the drips that escaped John’s trembling hand.
His body went limp except for his arse, which started to pulse, trying to suck the toy further in. All he could do was lay still and be fucked.
“I was testing melting points of various household plastics,” Sherlock stated. “I don’t know if I finished it. Did I finish it? The results must have been unsatisfactory.”
Sherlock laughed, warm and bright and delighted. His pheromones spilled out into the room, teasing at John and lighting him up. Happy Alpha meant happy Omega and John relished in it. He joined in with his own giggles.
John licked his lips. He eased his cock out and leaned against the door jam. He was already achingly hard. He brushed his slit and shuddered, catching his own precum and dragging it around the head, slicking it up. It was minuscule compared to what Sherlock was dripping.
John frowned. His clothing wasn’t that rubbish. He may not spend his yearly salary on everyday shirts and trousers but he thought he looked distinguished. Like a normal Beta doctor.
“That’s horrible.” John clutched at Sherlock’s thigh like some of his dates had during horror movies. “I can’t believe I’ve heard nothing about it!”
“Do you need enhancers?” Mrs. Hudson whispered loudly. Sherlock started coughing. “There’s no shame in it. I don’t see any other reason the two of you didn’t bond. I’ll ask Mrs. Turner next time I see her. Her husband has been using them for a few years.”
“Last thing I’d want the clinic to be known for, having an Omega doctor assaulted. Could you imagine?”
John jiggled his keys and headed out. Requesting practicing Omega specialists turned out to be easy. He showed up, asked and the receptionist printed out several pages for him, bending backward to accommodate him as he asked several pointed questions. She even misguidedly highlighted several parts of the print out in an attempt to help John understand the information better. He thanked her and left for the shops, only realizing as he walked the last few meters to Baker Street that he had never texted Sherlock asking what else he wanted. Well. That was fine. Sherlock could head down to the shops if he needed anything else.
The knot was on its last push to expand, pulling more and more at his rim, stuffing John to where he dared not move. He still wanted more. John’s hands uselessly grasped at the sheets, not able to form a grip.
He closed the door behind him as he joined Sarah in her office. She smiled at him when he stopped just short of her desk.
“See,” Alpha said. “Safe. No one will hurt you here, John. Please stop making me repeat myself. It’s getting tedious.”
“Good. Can you walk?” Sherlock asked John. “I’ve changed my mind. We’re leaving. Mycroft is a horrid fat arse.”
“My childhood may have been vastly different in most aspects, but I expect in some, it was startlingly similar. I believe we both received unwanted attention when we allowed ourselves to scent after we hit puberty.”
“The more time I spend with you I realize both you and Sherlock have the same bloody annoying habits.”
Lestrade stopped writing, an incredulous expression covering his face. “Now, I expect him to take a piss, but really?”
Gabe attempted to wiggle to the floor. Mrs. Taylor’s firm grip kept him on her lap and she started bouncing him on her knees to distract him. “So, it won’t, I don’t know, get better?”
Oliver shuddered. The chaperone picked up the spray bottle on the table and quickly sprayed Oliver, cutting off any pheromones attempting to flood the area.
No matter how John tried to ignore it, being able to smell his and Sherlock’s scents intertwined was a big ‘time to get shagged’ signal to his instincts. The longer they lived the more the urge declined. Now, John hardly registered the combination outside of it meaning home.
George Evans, the Alpha who’d last seen their dead Omega alive, snapped his gaze to them as they entered. His lawyer, Tabby Williams, shuffled some papers on the table they sat at. Sherlock pulled a chair out for John and transferred his hand to under John’s collar. His fingers made small soothing circles.
Lestrade flipped the laptop on the table open and selected a file. He adjusted the volume and hit play.
Sherlock flicked his fingers dangling over the chair and eyed George. “I was not privy to the transaction.”
“What? They found an Omega because I’m too delicate to have strange Alphas talking to me in our drawing-room the day before my heat. Do you have any other time-wasting requests you wish to submit?”
“In real life maybe. Here you’re almost in the crypt. Holmes is doing pretty good though. Still has his trousers on. Longest I’ve ever seen an Alpha last. Too bad Henry’s missing it. He’s fucked off this last month or something after his heat.”
“I scent you all the time. Not that it sticks with all your products. Really, John. This isn’t difficult,” Sherlocks said with exasperation seeping into his voice.
He sat fully seated and almost stunned. His bum rested on the cold wood of the chair and the rubber-coated base of the toy. It really had been years since he allowed himself this. Beta women who enjoyed strapons used smaller Beta sized models. Nothing this big.
George laughed a bit. “Don’t be modest. Alphas like us get Omegas for a reason other than our money. You put us in a room with any other Alphas and they pale in comparison. We’re the top of the pack. Look at these two.” He jerked his thumb at both Lestrade and Tabby. “They almost shite themselves when you growled and they’re both Alphas. Omegas pick that up, they really do and they want it. They want to be with the Alphas at the top. Bobby found me, not the other way around. Was looking for someone to share his early heats with before his parents started shopping him around.”
The blue suit was exactly the same as the gray one. John barely managed it on before Sherlock kicked him out to change. John grabbed the tablet and settled down to read. He paused midway through turning it on and texted Finn a thank you.
Sherlock stared him down. “That’s it then. You’re upset because we had sex and you think I didn’t enjoy it.”
“He’s spent most of the interview saying nothing.” Sally slid her ID through the door lock. “Good luck.”
Sherlock blinked several times. He closed his eyes and reopened them. HIs pajama bottoms really hid nothing. John spotted the half-stiffy starting to tent them. Good. They could both suffer through a stint of arousal in the taxi.
John leaned down towards Sherlock’s collar and sniffed. It was here. He reached for it, pulling it away from Sherlock’s skin. An Omega had scented Sherlock there.
Members of the yard were scattered about, more than John had ever seen in one place before, poking at random objects with industrial filter masks strapped over their faces. He supposed that’s what a dead Omega meant—if you died suddenly a lot of people had to pretend to care.
John licked his lips. He had a very strong feeling if Sherlock walked away now, he’d be stuck like this until Sherlock’s scent faded. He trusted Sherlock.
Lestrade stood awkwardly for a few moments and muttered to himself before sighing. Gingerly, he joined John on the floor and gently, with very telegraphed movements, reached for John’s hand. He cradled John’s wrist and smoothed his thumb over the scent gland. The comfort it offered John was instant, like knowing his back was guarded by one of his army mates.
John's vision whited. He tipped over into the bed, his arse clenching around his fingers and his cum dribbling out into the sheets as he gasped his orgasm out into his pillows.
“If you’d step behind the screen and strip down, we can get started. Which would you like first? The gray or navy?”
Heat flush colored in the baby fat clinging to the Omega’s face. There wasn’t a single wrinkle to spot. Christ. He’d be young. Of course, he had to be. John could count the amount of unbonded Omegas he knew over twenty in the UK on one hand. This was probably only his second or third heat.
“You’ll find nothing. Oh. And.” Sherlock grabbed John’s work bag from John's shoulder and slung it over his own. He captured John’s hand and tugged John forward as he leaned down and whispered into John’s ear. “You need to act like an Omega for at least ten minutes.”
John inhaled again, searching. A scowl turned his mouth. There was still some left. He stalked the flat, letting his nose lead him right back to Sherlock.
John flexed his hands over his thighs. He shrugged and pulled his eyes off the ceiling. “You said this stuff wasn’t your area.”
The diffusers humming in the background kept Noah’s scent from really sticking unless John wanted to have a gander at his sleeve. It was a bit of a relief. It confirmed that people still read John as Beta—no Alpha would dream of doing that handshake with an Omega. John held the grip and as soon as it was polite to, he dropped it with a bland smile.
“Ah.” John looked around, making sure Mrs. Talbot hadn’t snuck back in. “You think they’re hard up for money?”
“Of course,” Sherlock soothed. “Having any sort of attention must be traumatizing. Do you have the Alphas name? I’m sure mine would feel much more comfortable warning his future charges to stay away.”
“You do,” Sherlock said, finally looking up for his phone. “Enough to make you nervous. Why do they matter? What they think is insignificant.”
And the Omegas liked to touch. More than any Alpha John had ever met. Nothing was off-limits. He’d had his scent glands prodded, his crotch grabbed and his arms squeezed when they realized he had muscles. He learned to breathe through his mouth after he near raged by catching too many scents clinging to his suit.  The questions were even worse. They ranged from curious to completely insulting.
The first one looked too much like Sherlock; thin and tall and dark brown hair and eyes stuck in the in-between of colors. The second was handsome in the typical Alpha way, sturdy shoulders, a strong jaw, and he was still on the thin side but John spotted the outline of defied muscles. That wouldn’t do. John never made it far without needing to stop anymore. He had to have as much control as possible. He should’ve selected females only on the intake form.
John eased the further they went into the list and as food was served. Finn wasn’t a bad choice. John would be able to take him in a fight and he was smart, didn’t talk down to John. It helped that if he stood next to Sherlock they’d look related.
“Now, we look like a proper bonded couple.” Sherlock touched the pin on his own suit. “They are a bit plain, but I felt the fussier pairs got in the way of the O-Lariats.”
“They didn’t trust my measurements,” Sherlock grumbled. “And it's lacking. I find your clothing lacking. You buy what’s cheap. You really need to learn how to do yourself more favors. It would certainly help you attract more of those dull Beta women you’re so very fond of.”
John stared at Sherlock. They had frotted on the floor an hour ago and Sherlock had picked out clothes for him to wear. Right.
“Normal. That’s the word you were going to say before you decided it might offend me and couldn’t think of a replacement fast enough.”
John’s world tilted on its axis. Just a little bit. He attempted to hide his surprise by clearing his throat. Generally, someone just didn’t ask their flatmate to scent them like they were asking for a cuppa. Especially, their Omega flatmate. Granted. That was probably a unique situation.
“Right.” John rocked on his feet and felt his socks squish. The rubbish name only meant one thing. “Is Mycroft here, then?” John asked wearily.
“No need to worry, Mrs. Hudson, I’m sure the Beta John is seeing will be nothing but dull. He’ll be back in a few hours.”
A quick drag of Sherlock’s wrist on John’s coat, a guiding touch at the small of his back, a brushing touch of hands—light scentings were normal. John hardly noticed them. Touching his neck was another matter. It was intimate, something reserved for lovers and close family members.
Smoky, green-tinted lighting hung from the ceiling in tiers, doubling as diffusers. A constant plume of steam cascaded downwards, covering any scent and lapping over John’s shoes as he curiously made his way inside. He paused, letting his eyes adjust from the bright of check in to the very low dim of the main floor.
The dildo moved, in a tortuous rubbing motion, pulling the knot against his prostrate. He felt every rib of rubber go back and forth, pressing his passage open and kneading into his O-gland, breaking him open on his bed with Alpha gently tracing his fingers over John’s prick.
He gripped the edge of the tub and hoisted himself up. He grabbed a towel off the rack and slung it around his hips and kicked his robe further into the corner, refusing to put it back on. He’d rather buy a new one than deal with it.
“I also have a few bits of literature for you to read about what to expect in the next few weeks as you start transitioning away from suppressants and Beta hormones,” she said as she pulled out a few more startlingly colored flyers and dropped them on his lap without asking. “And if those are too layman, I pulled a few medical journals on the subject. I’m sure you’ve already read up a bit.” She added them to the growing pile John was regarding with resigned disdain.
“And how do you know about that?” John growled, enraged. “The medical records are obvious but that was when I was—that was years ago Mycroft.”
John hoped it wasn’t a prescription. God help him. He paused on the last step. He rolled his shoulders and straightened his back, holding his head high. There was no reason to be upset that an Omega was in the flat. Same as if it was a Beta or another Alpha.
Sherlock aggressively ran his hands through his hair. “You would have done the same!” He finally shouted.
John shook his head. “Too many medical concerns. I still have a few days left. And then probably a bit more as my body adjusts.”
Another textbook example of his failing suppressants; over-attachment to familiar scents and actively seeking them out when nearby. John tried to push the scarf down, further away from his face and Sherlock knocked his hands away, adjusting it back to the original position.
John had learned very quickly that being Omega and male wasn’t everyone’s cup of tea. Even with Alphas. Which was fine. It was all fine.
The knot pulsed, popping to its second widest option, spreading him near the point of burning. Pleasure zipped up his spine as it kept going, plugging him, and carving out space for the Alpha to stuff him.
The results stared at John from the computer screen. Twenty years was as good as run as any he supposed. The paper hospital gown crinkled as he shifted back.
As before, no beta. All the mistakes belong to me. [Though! I have found one who is currently going over past chapters to nitpick!]
Mrs. Taylor sighed as Gabe tried to gnaw on her fingers. She reached into her pockets and pulled out a teething ring. She eased it into Gabe’s mouth with another sigh.
“I think your training has been coming along very well, hasn’t it? You haven’t gone off to bark at Anderson.”
Sherlock slung John’s arm over his shoulders and helped him out of the booth. Blessedly, Sherlock matched his gait to John’s. John giggled as he struggled to place one foot in front of the other. They looked ridiculous with the height difference. The rain was still coming down outside and Sherlock pulled them to a halt under the awning, eyes searching for a taxi.
Slick gushed out onto the carpet and his cum mixed with Sherlock’s on his stomach. Perfect. Sherlock reeked of him.
John’s head jerked back to Sherlock. Sherlock had one hand resting on the small of Oliver’s back and the other still propping up his head. A larger sliver of Oliver’s arse peaked through his trousers as he leaned down to whisper into Sherlock’s ears, his hands doing something out of sight. Was Sherlock really getting pulled off in a club? John breathed.
Sherlock inhaled. “You’re in heat,” Sherlock breathed out the revelation. His hand lifted and cradled the back of John’s neck. “John?”
John was struck with how young Oliver was. A teenager sat before him, one hardly out of his majority, with a sexual preference that was considered taboo among most of the UK. The laws that had started to pass parliament in the last few years hardly touched on decades of systematic sexism and deep-rooted bigotry.
“Would it be so bad,” Harry had asked once, as they looked over another Alpha Hamish had brought home. “It’s not like you won’t enjoy it. It’d get us out of this bloody shite hole, Johnny.” John hadn’t answered and Harry had never apologized.
Lestrade looked at him then. It was eerily similar to how Sherlock was examining him. John forced out a smile. It wasn’t any of their business.
“How forward-thinking of the two of you. I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. We best keep that from Mummy.”
Mycroft slid a velvet box across the table. Sherlock flicked it open and grabbed the bonding pin out. It was a much simpler design, the Alpha version to the Omega one John wore. He pinned it on and nearly threw the box back at Mycroft.
John stared down at the question on the tablet and choked on his tea. He thumped his chest until he was able to collect himself.
Sherlock grunted as he failed to slide John on his back and the blunt force of John’s dead weight fell on his side.
John stared dumbly down at it. Why would Sherlock’s scarf smell like an Omega? He tried to reign himself in. The explanation was probably obvious. He picked it up and walked into the kitchen. He dropped it into the sink, amongst the washing up from yesterday, and turned on the faucet.
Sherlock tucked his hand under John’s jacket, half under his belt. His thumb rubbed into John’s lower back. He hadn’t said anything about touching.
Sherlock slid his fingers, thin and long and always in motion, along the seams before abandoning them and focusing back on the body. He fiddled with a rubber scent guard still strapped to the Omega’s neck until it popped loose and spent a minute prodding at the engorged scent gland under it.
