John observes every movement in Sherlock’s face. The otherwise so controlled boy stands in front of the mirror, looking absolutely wrecked. His lips open slightly, and his eyes may shine because of the light, or because of tears. He cannot seem to look away either.
“Wrong again.” Sherlock whispered suddenly, and John’s and Lestrade’s head whipped around. The detective was finished with his small meal and brushed crumbles of his jeans.
Call me Mary, Sherlock.
It is a Friday in October, and possibly the last sunny day this year, so the fourth graders today are grating on his last nerves. Two
One quickly ended career as an
We should have seen it! Of course, she wouldn’t just let it go.
“What the fuck was your girlfriend thinking, hiding Sherlock in your basement? Honestly, this all sounds fucking crazy.” Lestrade said.
John shows Sherlock the five villages that are all settled around the Watson’s castle. No light is burning, the birds are asleep, and there is only the howling wind, the sound Aidan’s hooves and their breathing.
John whispers in his ear as they approach the ambulance. “For now, I’d like to get you away as quickly as possible from this creepy Santa Claus.
“Why?
Was this what Mycroft envisioned? An empty funeral, a brutal death? The door opened and Lestrade and Molly (holding hands) entered the church. They shook Mummys and Dads hand, nodded at him and sat down in the last row. The service began and John took Sherlocks hand. He hadn’t visited his fake funeral three years ago, but Mycroft had told him that there was a gaggle of reporters spectators, that Mrs Hudson had cried, that Molly wasn’t there and that John had held himself perfectly straight with no emotions on his face. There was no speech, his fake ashes were thrown into the grave and that was it.
am sorry I ruined you, I am sorry I jumped, I am sorry for all the hurt that I have caused you.
“There is a trivia quiz tonight at the
and the murderer was pointing a
John kicked his leg. Not hard, just so that Sherlock definitely notices it.
Molly asks.
John carefully helps him back down, then starts wrapping up his arm.
Finally, he is no longer alone.
He focuses his eyes through the upcoming headache and recognizes the kind blue eyes of John Watson. John, who watches him with great concern. The other man is sitting on a chair next to his bed, leaning over him. They are in John’s room, probably because his was closer to the castle door.
John says gratefully and gets into the car. He cradles Sherlock closer to him and starts checking his head for any wounds. Satisfied, he checks him for a concussion too. Sherlock’s eyes follow his finger willingly, but he still hasn’t said a word or acknowledged him in any way.
heavily on his soul. Still, everything for John Watson).
, growled Sherlock and flipped himself on his back to stare at the ceiling. “There is no internet, no television, you wouldn’t let me bring any experiments and it’s raining outside!
"YOUUUHUUUUUU!"
John whispers into Sherlock’s shirt, his heated face pressed into it.
drunk, but everything is intact. The potion is still hidden, and his secret is nowhere documented. There is no way Mary will ever find out about this.
“We will talk tomorrow.
The song finally reach his finale and prepares himself. John checks if they have enough room. They do another turn, perfectly in tune. He moves Sherlock away and then gently spins him back in before the dip, like Harry told him. Sherlock’s face morphs into confusion, then happiness.
John gulps. This is difficult. “I want you to love this country as much as I do. You certainly had a bad start here, but I promise it will get better. I want you to be happy, when we rule side by side.
“I will take that as well.
“You seem to have enjoyed yourself very much.
Sherlock asks him while he does what John told him.
John laughed, but it was not happy laughter: “No, Sherlock. For now, I don’t give a fuck about how you did it. I want to know why.”
“Right then.
John tried to stop him, but Sherlock was able to produce another helpless: “John.“
“Of course, but you have to explain everything to me.” Lestrade exclaimed cheerily, and then led them both into his flat.
observed many cash boxes, keys, padlocks, ledgers and heavy purses hanging on it. The body was transparent, and
Sherlock said.
Santa says and unrolls his shirt sleeve. He pulls out a pocket knife and starts cutting into Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock gasps in pain, and tries to get away, but Santa presses his back into the wall with his stomach, while slapping his face again.
Sherlock snorts into John’s chest, he can not help it. The vision of that happening helps Sherlock to get a clearer head. John takes the gauze from Anderson and presses it on Sherlock’s eyebrow to stop the bleeding.
Mister Watson does not talk to him during the car ride from the auction house to what Sherlock presumes is their family house. It is a nice mansion with a big garden, and Sherlock wonders what his task is going to be like. Dusting the bookshelves?
Sherlock laughs hysterically: “Yes, I will. Now get up before someone sees us!
To his indefinite surprise, the clock went on from six to seven, from eight to nine, until he counted 12, then stopped.
Wonderful, though we will need the brooms today only in the second half of the lesson. First, we will do something called warming-up.
“Do you have somewhere to go? Somewhere warm?
(5) Nurse Sherlock back to health, demand an explanation for this whole mess and then
He walks down in the most intimating way possible, the door closing with a soft bang. The chatting abruptly stops and silence descends on the classroom. Sherlock lights the dozen candles on the ceiling with a wave of his hands. The group of eleven years old — the new
is Sherlock Holmes, although he is not exactly an ordinary employee. He is also 21 years old, and he has been in love with
John didn’t hesitate: “As a reminder, that when you fall, I will always be there to catch you.
"Can we do it again?" Sherlock asks eagerly.
“You read that drivel?
“John, I hope in the future you will not date more assassins who are wanted by 28 countries.” Mycroft said.
“That is not what people usually say.
The words slip out of Sherlock’s mouth, and he wishes he could force them back in. People do not appreciate his unwanted deductions, which he has learned this the hard way during his time as a homeless.
There it was.
“I can protect them.
“Tell me, Ghost. Did anyone ever came to adopt either Sherlock or John?
John lifts his eyebrows: “What do you propose we’ll do
"I had
“Ding dong.
“It may be unexpected, but I couldn’t be happier. I have you right here with me. It’s enough. What about you?
Sherlock still struggled with his words. He was staring at his shoes now, could not face John. It reminded John of the time he asked him to be best man. The stakes were so much higher now.
“I am your friend.
“I don’t think the other patients will appreciate that.
This light was not the strangest thing about the ghost. When
“I am your friend,
John places his hand in the middle of his lower back. Sherlock automatically reaches for John’s neck to secure himself. John straightens himself one more time and Sherlock arches backwards, dropping his head slightly to the floor, while John’s arms, strong from his weekly rugby playing, holds his body up. He distantly hears their friends clapping, but all John can focus on is Sherlock’s beautiful expression. He is full of trust, and John pulls him carefully back to his feet. Sherlock hides his face in John’s shoulder, and John can feel his burning face.
„This is exactly one year after you were adopted by the Marleys.“ The Ghost explained. „Sherlock has not improved much, and the other children avoid him. He is quite smart, but the orphans receive next to no education. They will learn how to read, write and do some math, and that’s about it.“
John stands up, and they both hug, their bellies soon aching from all the laughing.
potion is working perfectly against the magic of the full moon. Sherlock cradles his injured wrist and inexplicably, thinks off Mycroft.
, one of the female gladiators, for the rest of the day.
watched him limp to the few classes they had the chance to attend, the bedroom and the kitchen. The surrounding orphanage only turned more mouldy, with more leaks every Christmas, with damp blankets, soggy bread and too thin clothing. There was an ever-changing number of nurses with wrinkled hands, ragged faces who seldom offered a word of comfort. During all these Christmas, Sherlock and John carried their own light within them, bonded in their deep friendship.
“Correct again.
Sherlock had understood that too late.
The plane has finally landed and the passengers start to trickle out of the door.
Sherlock asks, with an unusual delay for him.
idiot!
w stones and decorate the face, and Sherlock digs out two long sticks to use as arms.
has gone to bed, he said, we can celebrate. He had kissed John then to show him exactly what he meant with celebration. John could not wait.
, a gift from Mycroft — he cannot help but feel nervous. What if he spectacularly fails in front of John?
), then he gets on the horse, careful not too make much noise. Sherlock is right, if they get caught, it would be seen as an escape attempt. Maybe the war between their families would start again, but Sherlock would definitely be thrown into the deepest hole Scotland can offer, and not even John could dig him out of it.
Paddington is haunting a thief.
The boy looked a bit older than Sherlock, maybe two years. He had short blond hair. Some raindrops were glistening in it. His blue eyes shone friendly, but Sherlock could detect
John groans out and presses the arm on his mouth.
said Gregory quietly.
Sherlock had been tied with ropes around his wrists and ankles in a disturbingly professional manner. The detective had often proven in the past how quickly he could slip out of many restraints, but there was no escaping this without help. John needed ten minutes to untangle the ropes around his wrists alone. They had left deep gashes behind, probably from former restraints as well, and rope burn. John had to clench his teeth to keep himself from cursing. He could have walked to their kitchen and bring back scissors or a knife, but he didn’t want to leave Sherlock out of his sight for even one second. Not now that he finally had him back. The doctor also forced himself to not look at his friends bald head, his sunken and grey faces, the bruises on his face and his arms, his emaciated body, and the terrible state of his clothes. Apparently, Mary had even neglected the detective to at least wash and relieve himself in a dignified manner.
Sherlock answers back.
“How is your head?
Sherlock’s dad spoke in his gentle voice, which always calmed Sherlock down (he would never admit that though).
You can keep the change.
“Much.
They both chew and drink for a while, content in their silence.
“I can see that. You should go freshen up, and Sherlock should go to his own room. You are both tired.
John explains way too cheerfully and drags him to the entrance.
“Alright, we are ready to go.
, counting.
She seems nice, and she makes the patients laugh, so I hope she is not a psychopath.
They enter
Today though, they will do something different.
“We shall.
„It is unfair that you have shown me this! I was only a child too, and it was either this or me staying at the orphanage too! What was I supposed to do?“
John grins back at her. The puppy tries to bark, but it comes out more like a high whine.
“Maybe we need something stronger to drink for that talk.
“I actually invited someone, a medical student who says he likes my music.
The fireplace is burning, and Sherlock and
“And how did that interest turn into kissing me?”
“Sorry to hear that.
Only three years before, Sherlock would have gone to London, bought cocaine or heroin or whatever was available in the muggle underworld and shot up. His veins ache when he thinks about it. He had made a promise to his parents, Mycroft,
He gets up and asks Mycroft if he wants something too, but his brother shakes his head, typing on his laptop.
Holmes was lying on the plush red carpet in his private office, eyes open, unseeing. A red line of blood was still flowing from a dark hole in his forehead. Lestrade stares at the wound. It was a clear head shot, like an execution where the murderer wanted to look in his victim’s eyes before they killed him.
John begs. The doctor is tethered with ropes to one of the black, hard kitchen chairs. John is furiously fighting against the strain, kicking his legs. So far, without success.
“And leaving me depressed in London wasn’t dangerous enough? Sherlock, I was fucking depressed. And some rogue criminal decided to date me too.”
stared first at John, then at the crying slave.
He says to himself.
He covered Sherlock’s body again with his and rubbed their two cocks together. The thin slave shivered under him, and John shushed him with his lips again. His left hand wandered to the man’s penis, and he started stroking it, with alternating between soft and hard strokes, slow and fast. Sherlock gasped into his mouth, and John took the invitation and swirled with his tongue around his. Sherlock’s head tried to jerk away but the gladiator hold on to him.
gets both Sherlock and John into the other car. For once, Sherlock does not object to this. This way, they will reach Baker Street faster.
“We have to get him out of this fishing net.
John carefully pushes him on his back on the comfortable bed. He presses his lovely lips on Sherlock’s, their second kiss so far, but this one is so much better than their first kiss at the altar. It is deeper, warmer and no one stares at them. During their kiss, John’s hands wander down to Sherlock’s trousers, and Sherlock involuntarily stiffens. For a second, he is back on the table with the creepy doctor, and he cannot shake the image away.
“After about two years, I deliberately failed all my exams, and they threw me out. I
"You are awfully confident. I don’t think you have ever been called modest before.
It had been almost too easy to kidnap Sherlock Holmes. One of
Sherlock whispers in his ear, and John giggles. Sherlock wiggles a bit, but John doesn’t set him on his feet yet, but rather walks up with Sherlock’s arm clinging around his neck.
Speaking of Holmes… John dials Margaret Holmes and waits. This time, someone answers.
“He is just the same,
John brushes his arm.
Maybe now it’s time to panic. John flags a cab down and skims the article again, but there is no mention yet where they have brought the victims. He throws his phone on the seat next to him and tells the cab driver to just drive to the closest hospital as quick as possible. Traffic is horrific on a normal day at this time, but now it’s a single traffic jam at every corner. The radio is on and between speculations about the attack there are worrying news about diplomatic accidents all over the world.
It is better not think about.
“John, how nice to see you looking so well!
Love is the gift, and love is the giver,
Sherlock
, has decided to drag him (Moriarty had always been fascinated with the story around Lord
, but Old Marley is dead, and
The fireplace is burning, and Mrs. Hudson is bringing more crisps up the stairs, Mrs. Turner follows with more champagne. John and
John had stopped kissing Sherlock, but was still holding him in a protective hug.
Sherlock crunched his teeth and tried for the thousand time to connect with the Wi-Fi from the small hotel his family is staying in. It still didn’t work. Apparently the internet had not been invented in this town yet.
She sighs and eats a biscuit. “It would be lovely if they’d finally get their act together. It’s been years!
“A merry Christmas,
shoos them out of her office, and Sherlock comes back online.
A sudden and LOUD bang erupted into the room, and a second later strong arms caught his shaking legs and heaved him up. Sherlock was finally able to breath again. One of his eyes was full of fluids. Blood?
“I think I am going to choose a new character.
“It’s a quarter to 6. Our guests will arrive soon.
Sherlock tilted his head: “Are you sure?
The other groups have formed as well, with Mike Stamford helpfully volunteering to be the game master. Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner are the first team, Finn and Isaac the second, Tom and Stella the third, Molly and
Take you, John,
Sherlock blinked a few times to reboot his speaking system. Right. Answer. ANSWER.
He directs the nervous group to his work table, where a small pot is brewing. The smell coming from it reminds Sherlock of a sunny spring day.
“There is something you should know.
The other three help Greg lay the figure on the stones. It’s a tall, pale man, approximately their age, with dark hair. He is naked except a long fishing net that is tightly wrapped around him. John is the first to act. He searches for a pulse and let's out a long sigh of relief.
Sherlock says, he hopes he sounds empathetic and not to obviously interested.
He skips dinner that day and hides in his room. A werewolf does not deserve a Christmas feast.
She says and points at the two chairs in front of the desk. John and Sherlock obey. Sherlock is reminded of the many situations he has been found here before, most notably when he set the second floor underwater.
She sent me up to your room last night. Mary mentioned to me that you complained to her about stomach pain, and she asked me to check on you. I found your room deserted, but your cupboard next to the bed was open, and I recognized the rest of the
Posh boy.
. “This was his one change to get out. He could have become a doctor, like his father did!
, and only night from outside fades in. John barely sees Sherlock’s silhouette.
“Hello Sherlock, there you are. Mrs. Hudson was afraid you were frozen to the pavement.
They had announced the good news two weeks later and the country went into a mayhem.
„Hey, I’m John.“ The boy said and stretched out his hand to shake, but Sherlock refused to move. John was not disappointed though.
“Quick!
Of course, slaves were a very important part of the Roman Empire. They were everywhere, working for their masters, running orders, or simply waiting for them to come to bed. They had no citizens right, could always be sold and bought again, could be branded and chained and whipped and killed without any repercussions for their owners.
“You cock! You had me seriously worried, I though you were injured.
Sherlock says and rolls his eyes. Dangerously stupid, all three of them!
„Yeah, let’s do it again.“
They are in a very crowded Tesco, and John tries to find his favourite tea, when Sherlock suddenly starts shouting at the speakers, which are playing Christmas songs all day long. This music, coupled with a huge crowd consisting of screaming children, screaming parents, screaming teenagers and stressed workers, has brought the consulting detective to his knees. John ignores the shocked reactions, lets go off his shopping bag and steers Sherlock outside.
, I can’t feel my toes
Then, the last one. The one scar they rarely mention. Sherlock has talked about his made inflicted through torture in a cold chamber in East Europe, with a therapist, John and once Mrs. Hudson. The nightmares and flashbacks will probably never truly disappear, but it is with his hard emotional work manageable now.
Molly thinks about his words.
This exchange however, was much more than a warm blanket and a full stomach. Thanks to Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock received a home, and a reason to stay clean. Furthermore, he now has the possibility to snuggle up in the evening and relax with a book. Not since his early childhood — before his brother drowned and his parents disappeared behind a veil of grief — had he known such tranquillity.
John woke up with an aching head. He blindly reached with his hand to his head. He must have hit his head when he went down, but he couldn’t feel any bleeding. Thank god. He tried to open his eyes next, and had to blink a few times to clear his vision again.
A new home needs a fireplace.
It is over.
“Sherlock, what happened?
he will later learn that John described him as “beautiful
“You are right. The two chairs fit.
John contemplates marriage.
Mycroft shrugs: “Honestly, I don’t see what the big fuss was. We all had fun afterwards.
The rest is their shared history.
The Queen asks her grandson.
The King drawls.
complicated?
“Why not send them now?”
bastard I’ll kill you I will
can not finish his sentence due to uncontrolled laughter, and Sherlock excuses himself for a moment.
A bit more fluff this time!
again. John and Mary visited Sherlock for a few hours at Baker Street, but Mary wanted to attend a party at the house of one of her annoying friends. John was too washed up, a few thoughts of bitterness still left, and the giddy anticipation of finally getting everything he ever wanted (believed he should): the lovely wife and a house in the suburbs, a stable work at the clinic, but also a Sherlock Holmes, who took him on difficult cases, chases through the city, late-night take-out and violin solos. After the case was solved, John got to return to Mary’s open arms, satisfied and not bored. Sherlock ended up left alone, and John pretended not to think about it too much.
Mary has kidnapped and drugged Sherlock for days. Sherlock has weird hallucinations about a baby, a secret sister and a John Watson he doesn't recognize anymore. Fortunately the real John Watson is on his way for the rescue, always prepared to protect and heal the love of his life.
spied his younger persona dancing with a young woman.
“Are you turning into Bridget Jones?
, before Mary interrupted us. You told me that you adore me, and that you think I am lovely.
"We’ll talk again in a few days, okay?“
Molly says.
“It was too dangerous.”
by Rainbow Rowell to
Sherlock whispers.
John says and cuts the brownie into different parts. The two eat their cake (Sherlock does not taste any worms) and watch everyone stuffs themselves with sweets.
Sherlock sits up a bit to look at him properly.
Sherlock shakes his head. John shoves the mourning for that aside for the evening. It's an unimaginable lost.
— he accidentally‘ burned a hole through his table.
The Ghost shrugged: “You never asked.
This may have been the hardest part this night. Mummy Holmes had been
John sets Sherlock back on his feet, and Sherlock immediately misses John’s warmth.
Fourteen for the younger course, twenty for the older course.
The image is delightful.
“It is going well. I am knitting a scarf for him for Christmas. I hope it will resemble at least a bit the sign of Scotland Yard.
“How?”
Mary repeats. Sherlock wants to leave.
Instead, he just keeps staring at the papers, until it has become too dark to see anything.
“Okay…
’s door suddenly opened, and Gregory
He knows that many people are not happy with him being here. Sherlock is the enemy, and cannot be trusted with anything. Sherlock shivers in horror as he remembers the humiliating procedure he had to endure only hours before, after he had just arrived from the long journey. An old man had ordered him to undress, lay down on the table and pull his legs up so that the doctor could test if his virginity was intact. The mere act had only taken a few minutes, but as soon as the doctor limped away happily, Sherlock had retched behind the door. The man’s touch was invasive and disgusting and the doctor had clearly enjoyed Sherlock’s apparent discomfort. Sherlock hopes his newly-wed husband would be more gentle.
“The last two years, I was travelling around Europe to destroy Moriarty’s criminal network.” Sherlock started, interrupted by Lestrade’s “Bloody Anderson, he figured it out!” cry.
„Yes, I did.“ John answered. One of his strong hand cupped Sherlock’s head, and the Ravenclaw couldn’t help but nuzzle his face into John’s hand. He had ignored his wanting for John for six and a half years, and now everything came down.
Sherlock says, his body going cold. John does not remember. John does not remember that he kissed Sherlock!
The two men walked, to John’s endless surprise, to the
, who is kneeling over him.
There were multiple minutes of silence after he had finished.
Mary knows she can be short-sighted with her plans, but so far this one had gone well. She only needs new Human Shield now. Fortunately, her new protection is just running up the stairs.
potion, but everything is where it’s supposed to be. The delicious Hogwarts food grows into stones in his stomach and tastes like ashes. Sherlock’s skin is paler than ever, his hair gets greasy faster and when he showers he can count his ribs.
“That is amazing, how you notice all that. Can you do that with everyone?
Sherlock nearly snorts out his disgusted coffee all over the table. The waitress gives them a befuddled look, then returns to her baking.
“I don’t really mind him not coming. I prefer to play with John alone anyway.
were real treasures.
Except Sherlock’s face was pale as a sheet, and he looked absolutely miserable. Quite shaken, in fact. Did something happen between him and Mary? Before John had the opportunity to ask his best friend, who now stood next to him, the organ began playing the traditional Wedding March.
“Oh, John has the ball.
"You were tortured for four days in Serbia. They chained you up, beat you, deprived you of sleep. And yet, you didn't tell them anything. You came back to your friends."
“Great. Thank you for welcoming me to Hogwarts.
Sherlock lets out a groan when he sees the announcement on the monitor hanging above their heads that the plane will be delayed for another twenty minutes. How wonderful. His attention wanders back to his fellow impatient comrades, and he notices that all of them have either a poster with a heartfelt message, a bunch of flowers or a bear toy holding a heart with them. Or all of these things at once.
, the priest asked nervously. The room quieted down again somewhat.
“Look what you forced me to do! John will not be happy now.
, he told her in his calm voice, that he knew sounded more terrifying than anyone's screaming ever would. John was deathly serious.
Suddenly, the door of the cupboard opens a bit to let some light in, and a small figure slips in. Sherlock automatically presses his back against the wall, terrified of the new stranger.
it seemed to take hours.
Sherlock whispers.
“You’re brilliant.
Potion. Sherlock has guarded his own hair well this week, he certainly does not want multiple version of him running around. Fortunately, the majority of the students have opted to dress as their best friends and vice versa, and nobody has complained yet.
Sherlock recalls all of that in a second. It is important to earn their respect, but they need to learn something in his lesson too.
“A collegue brought in a few new puppies yesterday, she found them in a cartoon on the side of a road. They may be exactly what you are looking for!
Sherlock reminds him unnecessarily. “The only reason why I am still alive.
“Is that the chance and hope you mentioned, father?
She says, not bothered, while checking Allen’s forehead. Sherlock and John take a step back to give them some room. John is clearing his throat and stares out of the window, his face hard.
“I could have been with you, at your side. Like we always were. Together. You wouldn’t have had to fight this alone.” John said, whispering now too.
John makes the hot chocolate himself this time. It is the middle of the night, and they don’t want to disturb the house elves.
had called him pretty, but Mary always thought he looked rather weird. His eyes were too confusing, his plush mouth too feminine. The posh accent was used to further put people down and his hair had to take hours to curl that way. At least this was what John had once told her, when he was drunk. How it took him hours and hours to get ready, blocking the bathroom.
Sherlock hastily scrambles his books together: “Sorry, I have to be off. The next students will arrive soon.
John threatens, which makes Sherlock feel even more guilty.
John regretfully stops the kissing: “Is that an invitation for me to move in?
- stare at him with huge eyes.
He says and tries to move down, but everyone is concentrating on stupid rugby and no one lets him go through.
London is famous for it’s many old and beautiful bookstores and
“You don’t know that. Things change!
, the days fly by like nothing. Inarguably, Hogwarts looks best at Christmas time, with the branches of the Forbidden Forest hanging full of snow, and students ice skating on the frozen lake. Everyone is eagerly anticipating the Christmas holidays, and no one wants to spend their time working at their desks. There is a distinct holiday cheer in the air, and more laughter in the corridor. Even Sherlock could not escape the spreading good mood
"Driving home for Christmas..."
John shrugged, but Sherlock dragged the stolen badge right out of his pocket. “I’m glad I haven’t lost my touch.” He said.
Sherlock’s seven years older brother does not even look up from his
“Just a quick check-up at the hospital, and then we can go home.
care about you, damn it!
(Sherlock’s character) and Luigi (John’s character) staying hopelessly behind. They are definitely going to lose this round too, but at the moment, the two boys could not care less.
His mother had stared at him with empty eyes, and John realized with a dark dread that she had accepted this life a long time ago. The ring and her promises to Mr. Watson shackled her to this house and to her husband, and so, John made the decision to leave.
“I promised him I would stay with him no matter what, that I do not care about that, as long as he is with me, but I don‘t think he heard me. There was so much blood...
pressed himself closer into the chair, terrified for his life. But his terror grew when the ghost took of his bandages around his head and his lower jaw dropped down onto his lap!
John Watson stutters and removes his jumper. “What does it all mean?
“Sherlock.
“I understand, Professor.
The sky is growing brighter when they reach their destination, and John lets Sherlock down. They both enjoy the amazing view for a bit.
Mycroft says.
Christ, what a chaos.
’s serious expression, and nodded.
’s adoptive father, but he was definitely dead, there is no doubt whatever about that. The register of his burial was signed by the clergyman, the clerk, the undertaker and the chief mourner.
left the office with one last wave of his arm, and a last greeting to the clerk, who returned the polite gesture.
As promised, the bell rang again and Sherlock was none the wiser. He had to do a little sprint to overtake his dad who was on the way to the door, and so he ended up a
To have and to hold, from this day forward,
’ Wizard Wheezes and the Honeypot.
“I will hunt you both. You won’t be safe, wherever you go. I will find you.
With a loud groan, he heaved himself up and leaned against the wall. His eyes never left the detective on the ground.
“Divorce him.
“That’s your biggest mistake, Sherlock. You trust people too easily.“
Sherlock is still staring at it, and John knows he is noticing every little detail.
(3) Had she worked for/with Moriarty, had she acted alone or was she part of a bigger criminal network?
the talking.
“Gone.
The priest was talking now, and John tuned back in.
Right. John corrected his stance and lifted his chin. Into battle.
“Mr. Holmes, you and Professor Watson have really outdone yourself.
coat, swinging around him like a superhero. He had stormed in during John’s work hours, eyes glued to his phone and bought a coffee (black, two sugar) and a muffin. He was rather rude about it, actually, so John made a daring move and drew a smiley on the cup.
Sherlock walked back into the room, feeling numb. He pressed the box into his mom’s hand and sat down on his bed, right next to his dad and
“Wait, I want to see you.
John says and carefully sets Sherlock back down. Sherlock glares at the cactus. He should have picked a different flower.
, she screeched, then raised her cane and hit Sherlock twice.
Fat teardrops run down his face, and Sherlock presses his face into the blanket to hide his cries. He does not want to make his new owners angry.
Mrs. Hudson welcomes him with a kind smile, and Paddington climbs up the stairs. Music is coming from the upper rooms, a violin solo.
At first, he had hope when he saw the gates of Rome. Maybe by some miracle,
The other three go back to their initial conversation about the last Champions League game of the year, when Greg suddenly shouts.
“Yeah, one or two. Pretty much.” John said and rubbed his head nervously. Lestrade glanced at them and closed the kitchen door for some privacy.
John bends and scoops Sherlock up into his arms. Sherlock hides his face in John’s neck: “This is a terrible tradition.
“Can we move on now?
“I- I’m m-m Sherlock.
First, he had loved Major James
John snarls to his cousins, rubbing Sherlock’s back with his gloved hand. Sherlock imagines John sending them to the wilderness, so they may be ripped apart by bears. It helps to calm him down.
Oh, it's nothing, you just take my breath away.
“Mycroft found me, and we both decided to get myself into rehab to get sober.
“Holmes, how nice of you to join us.
The sky outside is already dark when the door joining the bathroom and the bedroom opens. John shuffled to the bed, holding Sherlock, who is wrapped in his favourite pyjama. John carefully puts him, then lies down next to his sleeping partner. He spreads the blanket over them both.
The cold within his character had frozen his entire body into a stature, his sunken cheeks, his stiff walk, his red-rimmed eyes and blue lips. He carried his ice-cold temperature always with him, summer and winter, and it did not even melt on Christmas, the day when all of London returned to their families with heavy pockets.
breathless. Well, first the run and now the boy in his glory certainly took his breath away.
John is angry and not happy when he returns. He punches him three times, and Sherlock deserves it.
Mary buried her head in her cuffed hands: “John, you don’t understand. You never do.”
“I will tell you about your tasks tomorrow.
is putting handcuffs on the fan with a face of complete hatred. Sally and Stella both give of the impression as if they wanted to join John in his revenge attack, Anderson is looking in his bag, presumably for his first-aid kit and James is talking to the police to get a car for the arrest.
had never painted out Old Marley’s name. There it stood, two years later, above the warehouse door: Ernest Marley and
“We’ll talk about it later.
watching the scene.
In reality, John was terrified. He stepped from one foot to the other, trying to calm his nerves. He lets his eyes roam over the waiting guests. Most of them were now seated. If only Sherlock was here now, but he mentioned that Mary wanted to talk to him before the ceremony. For a second John imagined that the two of them ran into the sunset, holding hands. He shook his head quickly to get that ridiculous thought out of it’s head. Mary loved him, after all, and Sherlock promised to never leave again without telling him first. Tell him first so John could follow him. The two of them against the rest of the world. Well, three now, really. Mary had inserted herself right into their dynamic, acting like their kindergarten teacher. It felt weird, her joining them on cases. To be honest John was quite annoyed at her for that, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. It still surprised John how well he and Mary were together. They became friends fast over the past months. After all, John always wished Sherlock would be nicer to his dates. Another reason to be thrilled today.
“John, I was wondering if Sherlock has invited you to our Christmas party already?
John’s fingers are counting pulse. Did he have a nightmare again?
Sherlock snaps. John is about to answer, when they suddenly hear fast footsteps. A patrolling teacher, or worse, Mr. Filch?
on the side. Professor
John cannot help but start laughing hysterically at Sherlock’s shocked face.
It all went down fast. Mary was never one of those criminals who talked so much that the victims could be rescued without a lost hair. She was smart and efficient. Maybe that’s what John liked about her at the beginning. They all exchanged some hateful and pleading words. Then John suddenly came and everything escalated. Mary was faster and Mycroft was dead and government agents were there and Mary was cackling and screaming „I KILLED HOLMES“ and-
The gladiator finally answered Sherlock’s prayer when he pulled out his now three fingers, leaving Sherlock feeling empty for a terrible second. John situated himself in front of his arse, lined up his cock to his hole and then he plunges slowly inside him.
John claims and screws his face up. He wonders if starting to cry will help him.
"I have to ask you something."
I would love to explore this AU further in a full story, and there will definitely be another chapter about them a few months into their marriage later this month (not sure where yet).
“Yes, don’t worry.
John says to Sherlock, who promptly ignores him to lower himself with a groan and hugging Gladstone to his chest. Gladstone barks happily, although his owner does not smell right. He smells sweaty, exhausted, and like the cleaning devices Mrs. Hudson uses to scrub the bathroom floor.
Sherlock says and takes John’s hand. The other man swiftly leads him down the stairs, and the two walk on tiptoes around the teacher’s lounge. The party music is clearly audible through the heavy doors.
just about three minutes ago.
Gregory asked. The older
, Professor
He says finally, then closes his eyes. John doesn’t ask further. He isn’t sure what to do.
He stammers out and walks out of their booth. Now that he is standing, the consumed alcohol is rising to his head, and he feels like he is walking on a rapidly moving platform.
"I am, sometimes. Now, please undress for me.“
wasn’t very saddened about his father’s death. Their relationship had been mostly business-related. He had attended the funeral like a good son, and that was it.
“Take a deep breath.“, John said, and attacked the kidnapper again.
John holds his breathing but otherwise lifeless body of Sherlock in his arms and wishes for Moriarty to appear again, so he can drown him properly.
“Did I bite you?
“Are you feeling alright?
Yesterday, he talked with Mrs. Bird about the mysterious case, and she sent him to 221b Baker Street. The landlady there, Mrs. Hudson, is an old friend of Mrs. Bird, and they meet monthly to drink sherry and talk about the latest gossip. A brilliant detective and a former army doctor is living at 221b.
John smiles proudly: “Thank you, Sherlock.
Very wise.
But there he was, with his ever-changing eyes, the ridiculous fluffy curls and his long
John asks and attempts to say something next, but Sherlock interrupts him: “Of course. I want two.
“Tell me about your problem, Paddington.
John snorts, and Sherlock wonders what pop culture reference he missed this time.
“Let’s stay like this for a moment longer.
“Yes. Ever since rehab ended a few years ago.
Sherlock was lost for words and John was quietly seething.
“This year is going to be our Christmas.
Watson blinks at him:
“Whoever reaches the exit first wins!
, was much more gentle and actually taught the students instead of just writing instructions on the blackboard. Last year, the old professor decided to travel the world and apparently also write a book about teaching both Tom Riddle and Harry Potter, and that is how Sherlock got the job from
him up.
inquired
professor is wearing a vampire costume and has even sharpened his front teeth to make them look more frightening. The message of the thoughtful costume however gets a bit lost, considering that the
, how much time did I waste. It took me two years to take the journey from the office to our house.
“Moriarty had snipers on the roof. They would have shot you, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson. I could never risk that, so it all had to look convincing. Molly helped me, I knew Moriarty would underestimate her. After that, months of utter hell passed, and I was so alone and the whole time I thought.” Sherlock’s voice suddenly breaks, and he sinks to his knees. John is there for him immediately, his head reeling with what Sherlock just told him.
“Good for him. I’m sure he is glad to get out of that small flat every day.
The two fall in their respective chairs. Sherlock’s bones ache as they slowly warm back up. John lights the fireplace.
His voice sounded steady. Good.
“The two Holmes brothers have arrived to our house a few weeks ago, after their parents both died of a terrible illness.
… Some of Santa’s words are indeed true. Sherlock has caused him great pain. He has thrown him into Moriarty’s plan, betrayed his trust by jumping from a roof in front of him and then being dead for two years, letting John marry Mary
Do you think they-
A slave.
shouted Old Marley. “My time is nearly up."
nearly died because of an overdose on that plane that was supposed to deliver him to his drawn-out execution.
Irene shouts back.
Unfortunately, the universe or at least the airline did not much care about that, because John’s flight is delayed. John told him before take-off that Sherlock could wait at home for him, but Sherlock did not accept that. They only had a precious time span of three weeks, and he would be damned if they wasted a single second of that because of a traffic jam.
Sherlock scratches his head nervously. One of the female
“He got that all from the papers, hmm?
Then, John does something down there that makes Sherlock moan loudly in pleasure.
Mycroft unplugged his headphones: “We are here.”
John‘s voice breaks, and Gladstone carefully climbs around Sherlock to settle between Sherlock‘s sleeping body and John‘s. The dog scratches John‘s shirt until the man finally starts petting his back.
“Why did you get married again?
John shrugs: “We will have to do without it.
He shouts, and the students freeze in shock. Sherlock isn’t a teacher who shouts, he prefers to lower his voice when he desires attention. Not today, though. Today, the headache is killing him, and he wants to jump into the Great Lake and not resurface until Monday morning.
The thief was caught by Scotland Yard, and Sherlock would have never survived the shame of that if he did not have to concentrate on getting John’s head checked out.
Greg gets to his feet and starts dragging something behind him. The friends watch him with bated breath. John feels sick. He has never seen a body in real life, and he is not prepared for it.
“John, what are you doing here? We’ll get in trouble if they catch us!
John is already planning. “I’m visiting my parents over Christmas and New Year, we will contact your family at that time and plan what is going to happen next.
, in his dominant left hand. John entered the arena and thousands of voices cheered at his sight. The sun burned down on all of them, the sand under his feet was dry, and the overwhelming heat gave the situation a sense of madness.
John sighted and pushed one of his errand curls out of his eyes.
“I did. I do.
Sherlock says and licks his dry lips. His fingertips tingle from the
Sherlock gapes at the easily five dozen messages. His brain goes offline in shock.
“Brilliant.
If it was noisy before, now, the classroom explodes with flying accusations, Oliver scrambling for his own wand and an exhausted teacher who watches the chaos with resignation.
John repeats, and the four make their way to the hospital wing.
"I want you to listen to me very closely now, because I am going to tell you what someone should have told you a long time ago."
“It was just a mistake, I will clean it up.
“A quarter past.
Sir Walter sneers. They shove him into a metallic chair. Sherlock squirms against their iron grips, but they buckle him down with leather straps fast.
The other interested buyer approached him. Up close, he looked quite sleazy, and he goggled at John’s property with obvious interest.
Sherlock pulls on his best fake smile, the one he used at school for seven years: “I’m fine. And even if I weren’t, it would not be any of your bloody business.
John just needs more time.
P R E S E N T   F O R   J O H N   W A T S O N
John mumbles, and Sherlock listens to the clink of the closing bathroom door. Seconds later, another person is looming over him and grabbing his wrists. Only this time, it is not at all welcome.
The curtains were thrown upon by a hand, a human’s hand. The creature was now looming over a shocked
Sherlock whispers, feeling almost drunk. Santa’s words don’t really stay with him, he forgets them quickly. Somehow, these three words seem important to say.
"Don’t hide from me.“ John whispered. "You have no reason to hide. Not because of these assholes.“
Mary will make sure of that.
John helps first his finance on Aidan
He tries and realizes at the same moment how pathetic he must sound. Still, desperate times call for desperate measures, etc.
’s flat, her bridesmaid. It was rather traditional.
"Let’s watch Hagrid and Flitwick decorate the Christmas tree!“
He groans and tries to climb out of bed. He needs to flee!
, my colleagues mocking me for my deductions… I did not get along with any of them.
The Queen asks. John tries not to flinch at being addressed so directly and familiar. It’s still unusual for him, although he doesn’t fear the Queen as much as he fears Sherlock’s brother.
The position as potion teacher has not been very popular for decades. There is of course the whole scandal with
John unclapped the small box and showed Sherlock a simple, silver ring.
Sherlock thinks, defeated, and just gives up any form of politeness and shoves himself through, until his back meets the wall of the station. John will come back for him any minute, he just has to wait-
“Something is still missing.
“He is tapping his foot, which indicates nervousness, he is also slightly sweating. I can hear the sound of his phone keys, he owns an iPhone. He’s sighing multiple times a minute, his breath hitches, he doesn’t really want to end the relationship, but he feels like he must. He is wearing the scarf the partner gave her, I can smell the two different perfumes.
He says and looks sheepishly at Sherlock. He must be as nervous as Sherlock is.
John decided to show mercy and quickly beheaded the man. Some blood splashed on his armor and his face, but he ignored it. Clean and efficient, the other gladiator was probably a slave. He didn’t have to suffer more than necessary. The people loved him for his fighting skills and the ruthlessness in his aim, and he would not disappoint them. He grabs the head by the brown hair and lifts it up. Over the sound of his loud beating heart, he heard the arena explode, chanting his (made-up, Roman name).
Sherlock lets go: “What do you want to do?
, had called him an overbearing, smug git. Once Mary had asked why he hated
Her grip on his wrists tightens. It will bruise. “John will come back to me, just you wait.
“You know you can go home.
“Thank you.
Sherlock admits.
Mycroft says smugly.
The stupidest of the cousin (Sherlock never bothered to learn his name) yells and the others laugh in agreement. Someone gives Sir Walter a rusty knife that still has blood spots on it, and the knight pulls and cuts brutally at Sherlock‘s dark curls.
He whispers, then suddenly starts moving out of John’s embrace.
His best friend, who committed suicide in front of him by jumping from a roof nearly two years ago. Tied up and hurt and unconscious in his girlfriend’s basement.
“Where are you going?
“That
The young man throws in, pointing at Sherlock’s not even half-filled purse.
believes that Mary has already killed Sherlock, and he doesn’t want to see his brothers body. John bites his lips and hits the gas pedal. He starts praying for another miracle.
Most of the children mumbled a quick greeting and returned back to their game. The nurse left John alone, and the boy wandered through the room, stopping on different groups of children, but never stayed. Finally he approached Sherlock’s corner. He observed the hidden boy with big eyes, then kneeled down next to him.
He says and gathers his bag. He needs to leave, right now.
“That is so unfair! In the
would throw a fit) and a yellow flower in his jacket. The curly hair was somewhat tamed, and he looked more gorgeous than ever before.
at Marylebone Road, Suspected Terrorist Attack, One person confirmed dead so far.
John was standing a few steps away from Sherlock, unarmed. He and Mary looked like they were in a heated discussion.
Sherlock giggled.
“You must have walked very slow, then. Two years dead, and travelling all the time.
The two finish their tea in comfortable silence. From outside, they can hear the children laughing. Maybe they were throwing each other into the Great Lake again.
“Did he?
John grumbles, disappointed: “Sherlock, what about your parents,
Sherlock says.
I told you it would work. It must have happened when the
. Sherlock wills himself not too panic, except he is absolutely panicking, because everything is too loud and too fast and John is NOT HERE.
“I shot her.
Sherlock says confidently.
They find a
“Oh my god!
“Alright?
He licked Sherlocks chest from navel to his collarbone and Sherlock jerked back so hard that his head was knocked back to the edge of the table.
This could be the start of a nice joke.
Lestrade knocked carefully on the door and peaked into the room: “Can I go back in? I think Mycroft’s men are here.”
Sherlock does not need time to think: “I want you inside me.
The boy searched through his pockets for change but Sherlock shook his head.
“How can it be ugly when it is part of you.
“Hello Sir.
His mouth feels like he ate sand. Can’t be right. His stomach has a hole in it. Someone ought to put something in it.
He says, and is pleased to notice that his voice sounds relatively strong, and much better than the last time they have met.
You can have some of mine, if you want it. I don’t think I ever tasted a better roast beef, my mother’s excluded.
It’s quite cold in the dark cellar, and Sherlock deduces that he is held in an old coal cellar. How fitting, he thinks. Coal for bad children, and a coal cellar for the world’s only consulting detective.
"What makes you think this will not end in a similar disaster as with Mary.“
forehead, and soon he finds himself back in his comfortable and warm bed. The Ghost was gone, and before
, if you are interested in what my colleague calls
"I’m not sure if the neighbour will like that.“
were as impressed with his leading abilities as Sherlock is right now.
“That’s rough.
“I’m not yet sworn in, I can do what I want!
turns around and shouts:
“We won, Sherlock! WE WON!
John instructs him, but it’s said in a loving, teasing tone.
"I don't understand. I thought this is what you wanted."
Very good. We will continue with throwing and catching a ball.
“Alright.
The delivery boy took a deep breath, then offered Sherlock his hand. Sherlock stared at this particular gorgeous part of his body for a long moment until he realized that he was supposed to take it.
John waves Sally and Stella goodbye, and they are off into the London night. Sherlock presses his side into John’s, still waiting for his quick heartbeat to calm down.
“Long past?
“A quarter to it!
“That’s true. You got cheated on, found a new job, and you were forcefully reunited with your ex-girlfriend who went on a revenge mission. Not a good year.
, celebrated witch, defender of Hogwarts and headmistress and at the moment, the most terrifying person Sherlock has ever encountered, is waiting for them behind her desk. The Oval Office is full of bookshelves, the phoenix Fawkes is resting on a bar over
"I was just being a good friend."
she said. Gregory took her by the hand and led her to the chair next to his.
“Visiting Stonehenge on Halloween, that’s something special.
“I will drink it here.
“Thank you. My opponent was not as skilled as he evidently believed himself to be.
He breathes out: “Sex.
The hunger is eating a hole in his stomach. Sherlock can feel it right under his skin, no matter how hard he curls his arms around his midst. He thought he knew hunger, but it was nothing like this. This is prolonged starvation in a closed environment. Mary has not offered him any water, so he has to drink from the toilet. Something he has to get used too, apparently.
"No, it's not the same. You want him to be happy, to be free to make his own choices. She just wanted to keep him. She abandoned her newborn daughter and her husband to run away, like that would solve anything. She jumped in front of the bullet to ensure that John would hate you. She knew her marriage was doomed, and in her last action she did everything to make sure that John could not choose you."
John growled back. He shuts off the television. “Do you feel better?
“They want to talk with you too, as soon as you are able to.
John gesticulates to Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock froze. He completely forgot about the flower experiment!
“It’s October!
Two voices cry out, and
John asks.
“We can leave right after breakfast.“
John resigned: “Fine.” He said, a bit disappointed. He fished out his phone and dialled Mycroft’s number.
Sherlock spills out, feeling his entire face turn red.
John stops the genius with a hand to his shoulder. “Sorry I said that. It was meant as a joke.
“We did good work.
“If I can’t find the money, I’m sure I can pay you with something else.
, who he met through his annoying older brother, Mycroft.
Then it should be
“Now I remember it!
„What happened to John’s parents?“ asked Mycroft.
“That was perfect.
And Sherlock will be very thankful.
Sherlock pouted: “I need the practice for later when we are attending university.
Each year, once
“Holmes, Watson! Don’t just stand there twiddling thumb and come in.
Now, on the seventh day, they are both finally back. Gladstone heavens himself up from his preferred blanket at the fireside and waggles into their direction. Sherlock is leaning on a pair of crutches, while John is hanging up their warm coats.
“John Watson, you are ridiculously romantic.
The boy smiled.
After her abusive husband was sentenced to death, Mrs. Hudson returned to England and moved back into her former flat. 221 Baker Street. When Sherlock’s landlord threw him out after a particular loud explosion, he moved happily into the cosy flat upstairs.
Sherlock heard a soft
“They will be kind and smart and funny, and we’ll have lots of stuff to laugh about.
“No, Mary. That is not love, keeping secrets from me and hurting the people I care about.”
"Sherlock Holmes, you are the love of my life. The day before I ran into Mike Stamford and subsequentially met you, I thought my life was over. You brought me back, with your quick deductions, your long coat, our first case, with a motherly landlady, a grey Detective Inspector and a kind pathologian. All the cases we solved, all the chases and fights and bombs and press conferences and bodies - god, my life changed so much in a short time. It is not always easy, and we have hurt each other so many times, but we built ourselves back together, and I believe that’s what counts. No relationship is perfect, and ours least of all, but with you at my side, I am sure we can do everything. Because I want more, Sherlock. More days with you, more kisses from you, more touches, as many cases as we can manage, more take-away and bond nights, more squabbles about milk, more tea from you, more cooking from me, more evenings at the fireplaces. If you want this too, please do me the honour of becoming my husband. Sherlock Holmes, will you marry me?“
Elizabeth tips furiously on her phone to find the article, then she reads out loud: “Explosion in
to change his clothes, and so he arrives alone and a bit late at the teacher’s Christmas party in the teacher’s lounge. The students don’t know about this tradition, and the entrance is heavily guarded by two knight statues. After a few drinks, Professor Flitwick usually gets the piano out and plays tunes, while Professor
He does not remember who bit him. It happened during one of his drug binges, and he turned at the next full moon. Thankfully Mycroft appeared just in time to rescue him from biting people himself, and Sherlock is forever terrified of growing uncontrolled again. That’s why he hides the potion well and mixes the ingredients himself. Better safe than sorry, as Mrs. Hudson often preaches.
John does not feel shackled.
Finally, John moved forward and direct his throbbing, purple cock to Sherlock’s gaping lips.
John snorts: "I think I need a few minutes more. Then, we can continue the full night."
wished to divert the attention of his gaze to something else.
straightening his back. He forced himself to smile at his soon-to-be wife, but simultaneously moved a bit more into Sherlock’s direction, until he could sense his body heat. Was the detective nervous?
With both of them temporarily back at home and Sherlock having to isolate, this only left Animal Crossing.
“This is Greg
John stammers, raking his fingers through his blond hair, making it all dishevelled.
Everyone else is already there, lounging in the colourful and very old seats. Sherlock refuses the offered
“Yes, you do.
John goes to his table, packs all the paper work quickly out of side and lights a candle.
“These are letters from ten parents, who demand that I fire you.
at the Three Broomsticks. Victor had been attentive and nice as well, until Sherlock must have done something wrong, why else would Victor have called him a freak‘ only days later?
child‘ and no one wanted to bother with a constantly sick child. A few months after John arrived, a rich couple visited. They loved his blond hair and blue eyes, and they wanted him as a son, but John made such a mess at their home that they soon sent him back.
„Don’t bother with the Freak.“ shouted an older boy. „He never talks and sometimes he coughs through the whole night.“
"Not like that. Her love for him was selfish."
“He speaks and writes multiple languages, Latin, English, Greek, Arabic, you name it! He also plays the Lyra perfectly and memorizes new information very quickly. You can use him as a teacher for your children!
“The reason why I want to talk with you today… The truth is, I’m worried about.
Greg swallowed, his eyes flickering over to John and Sherlock, who still haven’t moved. Mary cocked her gun.
“I’m here.” He said again, a promise that he always will be.
“Why do you not remember our kiss?
“Are you sober now?
“We really are amazing.
“You must be John Watson! Sherlock told us all about you.
has definitely unnerved both of them, and Sherlock does not like that.
It’s him, wearing his favourite brown jumper and jeans.
“Don’t worry. It will all be over soon.“
Mary silently hummed to herself while she was waiting for the kettle to boil. The small room she had been hiding in for three days now was sparsely decorated. It had a small bed, pushed in the middle of the room, a kitchen, a bathroom with a toilet and a basin and table with a chair next to it. The table is the only furniture she added to the room, and strapped to the table is her reason for being so satisfied with herself.
Sherlock looked around, curious, but no one stood up. His father was silently crying and his mother face was ashen. He noticed that both Anthea and Mrs Smallwood were looking at him expectantly.
She shouts after him, causing several students to turn their head curiously.
Sherlock says quickly. “Not far from here, at Mrs. Hudson’s
Sherlock laughed.
Of course, it wasn’t long until they ended up in a bloody traffic jam. Probably caused by some bloody Brexiters. Unfortunately, this left John enough time to think again. He shoved the whole feeling of betrayal and bitterness and also sorrow towards Sherlock aside for a moment. They could deal with this later. For now, he had to focus on more immediate problems.
“Now for the main attraction!“
The next hour goes rather pleasantly. They are talking about the new kebab that opened in the vicinity of Scotland Yard, the curious murder of the dog-owner, Stella’s new guitar playing neighbour and Sherlock’s liver experiment. They quickly change the topic after that and Sherlock reaches the middle of his second beer. He has got used to the abdominal taste of his beer. The football game and the viewers who take up the majority of the room are drunk and increasingly angry as their team loses. Sherlock wonders if it is a form of masculinity to meet in dark pubs, drink overpriced beer and scream slurs at the referee. The others are able to blend them out, so Sherlock tries to. John slowly rubbing circles in his back is far more important anyway.
John says.
John cries, flings his weapon away and throws himself next to Sherlock. His hands are everywhere, tasting for his pulse, wiping the blood and the tears from his face.
“Don’t say that!
Sherlock pushes his head between John’s neck and shoulders, listens to his slowly breathing lover and closes his eyes.
“We can go back, if you want.
"I thought it would be easy."
He tugged at the leash, and he and his slave left the
John asks, clutching his cane.
’s shop. Two cosy armchairs are standing close to a fireplace, and a skull on top of a shelf is wearing a Christmas hat. A decorated Christmas Tree is pushed into the corner. There are also a few crammed bookshelves and a not one, but three microscopes are placed on the kitchen table. Jonathan and Judy would absolutely love this place.
Sherlock asks.
three years ago. John always thought him very handsome, and after the speech, this only increased. Of course, he never believed he would actually meet the young prince, until Sherlock, a 19 years old, walked right into his coffee shop on a morning two years ago. Everything else processed from that.
“Don’t give up too fast on our Sherlock here! He is a sweet child, and will surely bring happiness into your house.
The detective still doesn’t move on his own, and so John puts him back on the bed.
In hindsight, you always know better.
Sherlock kicks the Clown in his stomach, and this seems to surprise him so much that Sherlock can force himself around him and run down the hallway. He hears more laughter, more steps, but a light is growing at the end of the hall, and Sherlock just runs faster and faster…
Right, Rosie. Sherlock hates that name. Of course, neither Mycroft nor Sherlock have usual names, but in Sherlock’s opinion,
Sherlock barks, his coat swinging behind him.
who has continued her speech.
He grits out. Mary gathers her supplies and straightens her back.
he bellowed the corridor.
, he stammered and finally his fingers touched the notes in his back pockets on his trousers.
Greg asks.
Sherlock mumbles.
“I’m here, Sherlock. I’m here, and you will be fine.” He said. Sherlock closed his eyes, a soft smile on his lips. John pressed his lips on Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock is already laying in bed, but still clothed. He jumps up when he notices John appear.
again and emptied his glass. He paced a few times around the room to clear his head and then sat down again.
and Julia. They had left both him and Harry a lot of money after their death, but soon almost everything got lost because of the extravagant parties his sister liked to throw and the luxurious wine she drank all day. Harry finally had to sell the remaining slaves and moved into a smaller house in the country, together with her more than friend Claudia.
John gets out his card and shows it to the intruder without letting go of Sherlock.
in a loud voice.
John stares at the plate. Sherlock does the same.
During his two years Sherlock had come to the conclusion that all of his brothers lessons were ultimately wrong. He wasn’t able to follow his path any longer. He loves John Watson, and he broke his heart when he married someone else but in the end everything worked out perfectly between the two of them, right? John was rubbing his thumb over his hand and whispered:
"We can close the curtains. Until there are only stars, and you and me.“
“You’re late.
John says, and surges higher. Sherlock observes him, imagining how the air gets colder up in the air, a sign of the colder seasons approaching.
“If any of you ever so much as look at Sherlock or even touch him- I will rip out your skulls. Do you understand?
Unconsensual Kissing and Touching
god, if this isn’t a horrible situation, he would die of this awkward imagination.
“That game must be rigged against me.”
John gifts him a quick kiss: “Of course, you should never doubt that.
“You have changed, and not necessarily for the better.
John stared at her: “I believe you were telling me about your great escape plan and why I should join you.
“You don’t believe in me.
“I believe you have found your puppy.
John laughs awkwardly: “Why should I feel uncomfortable? And why are you staring at me like that?
“You’re welcome.
John smiles amused: “My headache is nearly gone, and the nurses said there is nothing to worry. I am in hospital, not in a haunted house like the one in your parents village, and I am not helpless. Do not forget that.
“Listen to me.
Bill says. They all look at him bewildered.
should be forbidden. This sport is way too dangerous.
begged
and Samuel manage to go through the Forbidden Forest, Oliver will do their potion homework for a month.
Till death do us apart,
“Your wish is my command.
John’s eyes wander through the full room until they land on Sherlock, and the two wink at each other. His companion to the left is around their age, and he is already showing some grey hairs, which only makes him look more distinguished. The other student is smaller than the other two, with brown hair, wearing glasses and a friendly, round face.
“Fine!
At this, the spirit startled him with a loud scream and started making horrible noises with his chain.
“I will listen.
The man purrs. Sherlock wonders if the serial killer is trying to be funny. Sherlock has not been able to take a breath in what feels like ages.
“Yes, but you are wearing way too many clothes.
“Listen, thank you for confiding in me that night. I really appreciate your trust in me.
“Nah, it is fine! I do not feel anything any more. Adrenaline is one hell of a drug.
would be here in about two or three hours anyway. She could use the remaining time to have some fun.
"I want it."
John addresses Sherlock worriedly. The detective is snuggled deep in his train seat, with the famous coat as his blanket.
“Sorry, what?
John says happily, gesticulating at the festivities.
John starts carefully unbuttoning Sherlock’s blue shirt and Sherlock helps John out of his brown jumper. They undress each other with gentle movements and brushing hands. John slips into the bathtub first and leans against the wall. Sherlock climbs in and leans his back against John’s chest. He puts his head against John’s not injured shoulder. They have decided to skip the music today and just listening to each other.
Sherlock asks. His voice is defeated, his shoulders drawn. Game over for Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Except, where there was just a pillow is now an arm. An arm dressed in a warm jumper, radiating body heat. Sherlock can smell John’s body shampoo, the deodorant he uses after a rugby training, the delicious smell of popcorn and pizza and something else. A smell that is only John and which will help Sherlock find him in a crowd blindfolded.
Mycroft fires back: „If you two cannot appreciate some sailing, then that's not my fault. Speaking of John, she invited him too.
“Citizens of Rome! I got a very special one for you today. Fresh from the British Isles, a man of 21 years, in perfect health, has all his teeth and has had no sicknesses.
“I know it is.
turns red with anger, but Sherlock simply winks her starting arguments away.
He snarls to the surprised John.
"Good, I’m not too late. Hagrid must not have arrived yet.“ Sherlock thought and craned his long neck for John.
’s closet, so that should be no problem. I would suggest we try children badgers first. The biggest challenge will be to keep everyone sitting on their broom, we don’t need flying cannon balls on top of that.
He sprays a small message with cream on the cake and then carries the two items carefully over to John’s table. Sherlock does not dare look to see John’s reaction until he is back behind the corner. John is staring at the small numbers that Sherlock has written on it, then takes out his phone.
“Hey, we were not finished!
“Sit back down.
John asks curiously.
With a shrinking feeling, Sherlock remembers his duty as husband. Better to get on with it, then, even though part of him wants to jump out of the window.
“Wait- you should get a fucking prize for this, but I’m going to come any second if you don’t stop.
He had been living at Mary’s house for three weeks now, and the noise kept him up at night. Sometimes, it disappeared for three days entirely, and then again John could hear it the whole night. After he first heard it, he asked Mary about it at breakfast, but she only laughed. She explained to him that he was probably listening to the old pipes in the house. Mary had inherited the small house in a nice corner of the suburbs in London from an old aunt, who had been a bit peculiar with her house. This explanation satisfied John at first, since he did wonder at some of the design choices, particular in their bedroom (an orange carpet, really?). Mary then sweetly inquired about redecorating, and John happily talked with her through the whole IKEA catalogue.
“Do you like it?
He is not expected to govern it alone, though. As a crown prince, he has to marry whoever his parents and their advisors choose. In this case, John counts himself as the luckiest man in the whole of Scotland.
“Take a good look at these toys, Holmes!
’s office through the secret entrance (password:
“They would be stupid if they didn’t.
“I can promise you I’ll keep you warm.
One hour later, Sherlock was offered a couch that could be fashioned into a bed, two drawers and a third of the bathroom closet. Mrs. Hudson offered him a place to sleep, her food and a safe space in exchange for a few hours every day working at her
John demands.
at Sherlock’s neck when John had
“Listen,
Sherlock buries his face and groans. This is not how he envisioned this day.
“You’re welcome. I thought I should introduce myself, because we are going to be best friends!
“It’s not physical, not yet anyway.
Sherlock is reluctantly inclined to agree. The whole event did give them a fright.
“Listen to me!
A man next to John walked up on the stage, and after a quick look for permission from the seller, he tugged the loose fabric away. The young slave was now standing completely naked, and the sight was breathtaking. John felt his cock waking up and arranged his clothing over it to hide his growing member. This hadn’t happen to him in public since he was a boy, and he felt a bit awkward.
Before Sherlock has the chance to gather his strength to ask something, Mister Watson closes the door and Sherlock is left alone in the dark. The little boy wraps the thick blanket around him and wishes with his whole heart he were back at home, with his family sleeping next door, with a bed frame, a full fridge and his bumblebee toy.
training. I gathered it would be a very helpful skill. I’m glad I turned out to be a wolf and not a goldfish.
The boy stepped closer, but Sherlock suddenly started wailing and clinged to his older brother’s legs like he was the only lifesaver left in his dark world.
Professor Holmes, may I have a quick word with you? I heard you have a supply of potions against headaches. Some students have been complaining about migraines.
“Nonsense.
topple whole empires?
Santa settles in front of him. “I think the lack of fluids will be your end, after all, you lost some blood as well.
“Hey!
wrap an arm around him to protect him from too many curious glances and get him safely out to the street. James and Anderson drag the still slurs screaming football fan into their police car, and
It would be better if he and John do not grow too close. Sherlock has a tendency to drive off those closest to him.
Sherlock says and claps his hands together, entirely satisfied with himself. His theory worked!
. His grey hair, the round spectacles, observing eyes and without a smile on his face. Everything about him was completely motionless, except for a few strands of his hair. All of this looked terrifying, but when
“Of course we can be friends.
“Make something, you are a wizard.
Against the Dark Arts. I hope you will give Professor Watson a warm welcome.
“That’s a fantastic idea, love. But enough talking for today, time to show me my second wedding gift.
"What can I do?"
They were here — this must be
John was not a citizen of Rome by birth. When he and his sister Harriet, though she prefers Harry, were young children, a decorated Roman soldier,
and laughed, amused.
“No more! I don’t wish to see anything else!"
puffed his chest out proudly.
“Sherlock Holmes.
could hand her over to the Americans), and it cost him every acting skill he had learned. Her snappish and ungrateful comments nearly set him off again, she
Noises are coming down the stairs, and a worried
In his dreams, Sherlock and John fly on their brooms under a round moon.
It should have been a simple case, really. John and Sherlock figured out that the prolific celebrity
“You are cursed.
“Did you receive presents from your parents?
, what the hell was going on, why is Mary suddenly a killer and why was John looking so weird?
I’ve heard about you in Tibet, but never found you.
Sherlock claps his hands together, and the two engage in ambitious party planning for another hour.
BANG!
Sherlock whispers, then coughs violently, making his belly cramp again. He groans. His mouth is so dry, he can barely speak.
had used her regularly to warm her bed. They also had a cook, a gardener, a personal servant for
“She was jealous of me.
Sherlock mumbles and carefully sits up. They are lying cuddled together on the couch, the credits from their third Halloween that night still playing.
Holmes’s dead body, he could not help but feel relieved. If one Holmes was meant to die this night, he is glad
I don’t know.
, who made her hair and helped her dress and also raised John and Harry. John had very fond memories of her, but he also knows that
Don’t panic, John thinks. Don’t panic. He dials Mycroft’s number next. Mycroft always answers, and if he doesn’t
“Can he do deductions too?
The voice giggles again in this really disconcerting way.
“I-.“, he stopped for a moment and tried again. “I will need time.“
Their gym is lovely decorated, with lots of balloons and lilac light. Their school band is talented too, especially the female singer. From what John had heard, she already has a scholarship for a drama school in London. A few more couples are dancing to the song, a few others are watching from the sideline. A gaggle of girls in long dresses have already separated themselves from their hopeless boyfriends and are now sitting in a group of chairs, pouting. The boys are standing in the other corner, tapping on their phones, waiting for the evening to be over.
nearly dozed off a few times, but was completely awake when he heard the first sound of the clock.
has grown this year again. First and second graders are crawling into the pumpkins and snapping pictures together with their cameras.
permits. After that, I propose we’ll go to my office and go through the Halloween schedule.
John does not want to be with Sherlock any more and does not know how to tell him this?
Oh, John. How naive they were.
FREAK
“It is not
Sherlock’s stomach churns at the thought of another beverage. Why does John always expect tea to fix everything?
John couldn’t. He was staring at the angry woman he was about to marry, and he just couldn’t do it. Not be a good husband for Mary. He couldn’t do the white house in the suburbs and the white-picket fence and the small garden and 1.4 children and an ordinary job and dinner evening with people and chatting and baking bread and going to parent-teacher conferences and driving a car and only solving cases on weekends and only seeing Sherlock Holmes sporadically.
(See the end of the chapter for
), what happened to the murderer
Greg was forcing Mary to the ground, fingers searching for handcuffs he didn’t have on him. Mrs Hudson found a pair in her giant handbag, which John decided to ignore. Molly was standing between the groups, eyes shining with emotion.
John waits for more explanation. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
The assistant observes the two.
Sherlock asks, wrangling his hands before he notices that his left wrist is resting in a light splint.
“Do you remember how I told you about my drug addiction phase, and how Wiggins died? Somebody bit me that night, though I don’t recall who it was.
“Yes, and hurry up.
Sherlock settles back into his bed with a content sigh. Maybe this day will be much better than expected.
“Are you thinking of me?” John asks, and Sherlock can feel his cheeky grin through his headphones.
Who ever invited plastic bags should be in prisons. These stupid bags litter the ocean, the beaches and every pavement in the city, and right now it is fashioned into a dangerous weapon
