“Grab the headboard.” John hisses between clenched teeth, the friction and warmth provided by Sherlock's body almost too much to handle, even for him.
They wait until he's emptied himself before Mycroft suggests: “I think you should use the tawse next.”
Luckily for Sherlock, Greg has some lube stored in one of his desk drawers for when he's having a relaxing wank from time to time. He squeezes a big dollop inside Sherlock's reddened opening before taking the telephone receiver in hand.
The Commissario circles him slowly, taking in his nipple piercings, his slim yet wiry body, his rounded arse. Standing behind Sherlock, he cups his buttocks and kneads them a little, pushing his thumbs beneath the elastic.
John starts to hatch grosser plans. He's had those fantasies for a long time, and as things are quickly spiralling out of control, he's unable to suppress them any longer. He dreams of manipulating that beautiful body in an ultimate form of surrender, a visible manifestation of his power over Sherlock, forming his body and mind after his will. Not with tattoos and piercings like Mycroft had done – no, he wants something even more permanent: pull out Sherlock's teeth, cut off his tongue, paralyse him with a surgical sectioning of his spinal cord (perhaps below the neck; perhaps below T1 to cause a lower paraplegia and ensure Sherlock could still use his arms), remove his lower ribs to lace his waist impossibly tight for a man his size.
He has to stop his enthusiastic brother with a hand on his shoulder while spreading his arsecheeks with the other. Sherlock's hole is stretched around the base of John's cock, pink and wet. “John, hold that greedy whore in place while I give him some more.”
John eventually locks eyes with Sherlock and bows down, kissing him almost chaste before drawing the tip of the knife down Sherlock's exposed inner upper arm, stretched out above his head. It's just a shallow cut, but it instantly starts to bleed, dark red crimson rivulets trickling down milky skin. Sherlock inhales and closes his eyes.
John turns while running after Sherlock, shouting over his shoulder: “Listen, Greg, we'll catch up with you later, it's just...” when Sherlock abruptly stops, door-knob in hand, and outright freezes, so that John bumps into him. He can feel how hard Sherlock breathes, which can't be attributed to just running down a flight of stairs.
John holds him open while Mycroft pushes the toy in mercilessly. Sherlock's gasps become shrieks and then cries of pain as about half the plug sits inside him and his brother continues to fill him up.
Suddenly, Mycroft steps up in front of Sherlock, a leather belt in hand. He quickly fastens it around Sherlock’s neck, the black leather a stark contrast to his pale skin. Sherlock doesn't resist, doesn't fight it. He's too far gone for that. Only when Mycroft pulls the leather taught does he try to say something, but his voice dies in his throat. His face slowly turns almost purple, his eyes protrude from their sockets and his hands clench into fists at his sides. John can feel Sherlock's hole flutter and contract around him and speeds up his thrusts.
When John comes down he's carrying a black plastic box the size of a large toolbox. He's got dressed in black Jeans and nothing else. Sherlock can see the fierce scar on his shoulder as well as the strong defined muscles of his torso. The jeans ride rather low on his hips, accentuating the fury line of dark blond hair trailing down from John's navel and vanishing beneath his waistband. John's chest is also sprinkled with golden blond curls and Sherlock experiences his own now almost hairless body as a stark contrast to John's blatant masculinity. It's so arousing that Sherlock squirms on the sheets as his cock stiffens further in anticipation.
John needs a moment; he isn't sure he got this right. “Sherlock? Sorry... what revelations? Who's speaking, anyway?”
Sherlock can hear John get up and walk over to the bed, presumably taking pillows and blankets and throwing them onto the floor next to him. There's the rustle of fabric as John undresses. When he lies down next to Sherlock, he places an arm over his full abdomen.
John gets up and walks over to the small drinks cabinet. There's even a fridge with cooled drinks and a plate of orange slices and strawberries. John has to hold Sherlock's head up to help him take small sips from the bottle before feeding him the sweet fruit. For once, Sherlock does not protest.
The Questura is very busy when they enter mid-morning. A young policeman tells them to wait, and John wanders over to a water-cooler while Sherlock sits down on a hard bench and observes the comings and goings. After fifteen minutes, they are eventually shown into a stuffy interview room, smelling of sweat, cheap aftershave and cigarettes. Sherlock inhales deeply while John coughs in indignation.
“Stop complaining! Your mouth is made to suck cock and lick arseholes, not to whine and nag.” John hisses into Sherlock's ear one morning and tugs so hard on his hair that he yanks out some glossy curls with their roots, leaving a bald patch at the back of Sherlock's head. Sherlock sobs one last time, suppressing a scream, and pushes the gigantic cone-shaped plug past his sphincter. He's always plugged these days, to train his rectum. John wants him ready any time he chooses to bend Sherlock over and fuck him so hard that he fears to pass out.
“You are, of course, right, Doctor Watson. I will advise Miss Adler as not to condone such activities at her premises in the future.” The elder Holmes placates in a soothing tone.
“Hey, easy.” John mumbles. Metal scrapes over the wooden floorboards. They are getting a chair for him to sit. He sinks down as he feels its touch at the back of his knees. John quickly yet carefully removes the mask as not to tear Sherlock's hair – but the nasogastric tube stays.
“Yes, please, yes... god, you are so big, oh my god. Please!” Sherlock babbles and gasps while being filled to the brim, his hands still tied to the headboard. He is unable to put up any resistance to what the men do to him.
Even Mycroft seems extremely affected by the sight. His eyes are wide and dark, and a bead of sweat runs down his temple. His bespoke trousers are tented by a huge bulge between his legs. Suddenly, it's all too much. His hands slide out of Sherlock's hole, making a lewd, slurping noise. He quickly peels off the greasy gloves to unzip. His flushed cock is hard and wet; he just pushes in in one go and starts to fuck Sherlock, deep and fast, grabbing his hips for leverage. He's grunting, his lips drawn back, teeth bared.
“Of course it doesn't. I was the one suggesting it, remember? Do keep up when I discuss my sexual proclivities with you. It's not that I indulge in it that often.”
Sherlock is an accomplished actor. He doesn't give any sign of recognition as John tries to order a glass of Pinot Noir in very poor German, his accent so thick that the bar tender doesn't understand him.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John. “But I like this. I want this,” he whispers, his voice all dark and husky.
John seems to wait for something, a sign that this is okay. When Sherlock blinks, he steadily pulls the belt a little tighter until Sherlock starts to see black dots dancing before his eyes as his trachea is continuously compressed. His hands and feet start to twitch. His face feels strangely hot and swollen. His grunts turn into raw croaks before there's no sound at all.
“Gorgeous.” John breathes as he slowly walks over to Sherlock, who has cast his eyes down onto the floor. When he sits down next to him John reaches out to run just the tips of his fingers over Sherlock's nylon clad legs. His hand travels up, up, until his fingers reach the hem of the kimono. John carefully parts the satin over Sherlock's groin before brushing his knuckles over the bulge in those flimsy panties. Sherlock gasps, leaning back a little, his hands splayed out behind his back on the mattress. He tentatively pushes up into John's touch as if asking permission to do so, spreading his legs just a little bit.
John starts right after their arrival at 221b. If they are going to live this, there's no use wasting their scarce time with superfluous diffidence.
“Enough.” John tells him after a while. Reluctantly, Sherlock pulls back. His mouth and chin are covered in come and traces of lube. “I think we should pay some attention to our host as well.”
Sherlock is cold and damp, his curls still dripping with John's piss, and therefore hurries to clean up. He roughly wipes himself down with the used towel, then sets to work on the floor. His legs feel wobbly, his arms hurt and his sore arse throbs but John told him to mop the piss up and so he does. His foggy brain is quite happy for now to just obey orders.
Suddenly, Sherlock can feel his balls tighten. “No!” he shouts. That's not possible. ”No. No. Please. I don't know... what?” His head falls back, his hole starts spasming, but all that is dripping from his cock is the steady stream of milky precome. His abdominal muscles clench and he's biting his lips until he can taste blood as his orgasm refuses to abide. The sensation is even more intense without being able to ejaculate. He's sobbing with need by now, but it's no use, the cage prevents him from a proper climax.
Before they had started, John had pissed into a pint glass – he had had some tea after all – and Sherlock had drunk it without protest. Afterwards, the gag had been fastened around his head. It was a large red rubber ball gag that made it impossible for Sherlock to swallow or to speak. He started drooling almost immediately.
Sherlock can feel tears of shame well up in his eyes as he gets on all fours and slowly crawls over the the woman exposing herself in front of him. He can smell her; sweet musk, something flowery, vanilla. She has started to rub her clitoris with her index finger, moaning softly, making her even more wet.
Sherlock dashes down the stairs and is half-way out the front door of Irene's white town house when Lestrade steps into the hall.
Irene senses the sudden panic welling up inside Sherlock; her fingers pull fiercely at his hair which make his mind stutter to a halt. They lock eyes and her firm gaze grounds Sherlock, offering him a fixed point to concentrate on. He silently begs her and Irene wouldn't be good at her job if she didn't respond to Sherlock's need. Therefore she pulls his head forward until it's almost touching Kate's well-rounded arsecheeks, her brand mark dancing before his eyes. Irene hums low in encouragement before her hands leave Sherlock's hair and spread those cheeks apart, her red fingernails digging into sensitive flesh as she exposes Kate's cleft. Kate's pink hole flutters and contracts in front of Sherlock as Irene tells him: “Lick her.”
John is a little bit surprised to wake first. Usually, Sherlock gets up quite early – if he sleeps at all – but last night seems to take its toll even on the world's only consulting detective. John has time to look at him in the early twilight, to study his gracefully serene profile, and an up until now unknown possessive pride fills his chest and warms his soul. Sherlock surrendered to him; he's now John's to break apart and form anew. And John loves it.
“You are amazing.” He breaths. “So open.” He pushes his index finger a little deeper inside, caressing Sherlock's soft inner walls, and Sherlock hums in appreciation as he watches. As John finds his prostate, the sigh becomes a gasp. John rubs the spot again and again, and Sherlock starts to get hard as precome dribbles on the towel beneath him.
Sherlock freezes until the sharp sting of Irene's slap brings him round again. “Do as you are told.”
“You are gorgeous.” John says, smiling down at him proudly. “Come on, let's clean you up a bit.” With that, he gestures over to the urinal trough, and Sherlock willingly crawls towards it.
John's thorough and takes his time, checking the sutures every second stitch. It takes altogether fifteen stitches until Kate is sewn properly shut, only the catheter tube protruding from the seam between her legs, angry dark yarn against slightly swollen, sensitive skin. Finally, John once again dabs disinfectant over the fresh seam and admires his work.
“I think I can even see it.” John mumbles, sounding almost in awe of what Sherlock lets him do as he continues to fuck Sherlock's cock with the needle. His eyes are dark and glazed over, and he's panting hard, a large bulge visible at the front of his jeans.
Instead, he takes Sherlock to the bathroom and makes him stand in the tub, fondling his half-hard cock through the thin, damp satin covering it.
John takes another ice cube and swipes it down Sherlock's spine, letting it melt against his burning skin. Sherlock shivers a little, goosebumps spreading in the wake of the ice. He erratically undulates his hips when John reaches the crack of his arse.
“You haven't plugged him, I see.” Mycroft says from behind Sherlock, cool fingers parting his arse cheeks.
Sherlock spends the day chained to the bed, on his knees, servicing John with his mouth. There are cloth pins on his ballsac and silver clamps on his nipples; John pulls on the heavy chain dangling down over Sherlock's chest now and then, making Sherlock first gasp and later just sigh in agony. When Sherlock is not sucking John's cock he's licking at his arse, pushing his tongue deep inside John's body until he thinks he might have dislocated his jaw.
“Listen, those are all just rumours, hearsay. You don't have any proof...” John balls his hands into fists.
Sherlock tentatively touches his nostrils. He'd almost forgotten about the tube. He pulls a chair out from under the table.
But there might be answers. The only answers he might get in the foreseeable future. So he swipes over the screen to unlock the mobile and goes through the files.
They stare at each other for a long moment before John walks over to where Sherlock is kneeling and reaches out to brush his thumb over Sherlock's index finger as he takes the apple from his hand. He looks down into Sherlock's face and sees his mouth fall open and his eyes flutter shut.
He's subconsciously registering being dragged and shoved, and can neither put up any resistance nor cooperate. He's too weak and drowsy; has no control over his extremities.
“Then let's use this. I want it. Please, John, I'm ready.” And as Sherlock looks up at him, John knows he can't deny him this.
The removal of the catheter burns rather fiercely. Sherlock hisses in pain and clenches his teeth. When the corset is untied, he sacks slightly, taking a few deep breaths, cherishing his freedom, glad that his body is allowed to expand again. Mycroft and John gently roll down the gloves and hold-ups and even massage Sherlock's feet, which ache after standing almost on tiptoe for so long. The last to go is the high collar. Sherlock tentatively rotates his head when his neck is freed until he feels slightly dizzy.
They meet in the middle of the dance floor. John's not dressed overtly showy – he forwent rubber or leather. He's just wearing a tight black t-shirt and black Levis 501, riding low on his hips and hugging his arse nicely; no underwear, as not to spoil the cut.
“Rather good, Mycroft, thank you. I've got your little brother bend over my desk, showing me his gaping cunt.”
“No, there's a room in the basement I have in mind for this. It's specially furnished for medical proceedings.”
Suddenly, there's movement around him. He's pushed aside by people in white coats, shoving him away as they are busying themselves with Sherlock. A stretcher rattles. Someone is shouting, but John can't understand any of it. He's numb, deaf, paralysed.
“There are a few different whips – all designed to cause rather grievous injuries. For a bull whip you should tie the pet to a rack in a standing position because you need some space to use it properly and cover the whole body. A cat-o'-nine-tails is more handy. I use a real one, the spikes on it tear away skin and flesh. Use it moderately. Perhaps better start with the one with knots instead of spikes. Still very painful. The belt can be used both ways: with the soft end it's more like a broad whip. If you use the end with the buckle, however, you might cause severe damage.”
He visibly loves the taste. It's depraved to crave being treated like this, but Sherlock doesn't care. He savours every bite offered as if it's the most sophisticated meal ever served.
“I think you are truly ready for your brother.” John whispers against Sherlock’s lips before biting down until they can both taste blood. Sherlock whimpers with need, bucking his hips.
What is actually now in John's hand is a knife. A bowie knife with a gleaming ten inch blade Sherlock keeps in his handbag for self-defence. He had stayed in some pretty grim neighbourhoods since his demise, to hide, and, after a gang in Paris had tried to mug him, he had decided that his Judo skills were not sufficient enough to fight off a whole group of thugs.
Thus established, without leaving any trace of his presence in any official record, Sherlock impatiently waited for his reunion with John. The heavy chastity device between his legs reminded him constantly of what he was missing.
They stay like this for a short while longer, John stroking Sherlock's chest and abdomen, watching them in the mirror. They both look gloriously ravished.
Later in the evening they order Chinese. John eats at the desk in front of his laptop, with Sherlock opposite him, checking his phone.
“Turn around.” John tells him as he sees Sherlock's swollen abdomen. Sherlock quickly gets onto his front, now actually feeling how full he is, so embarrassingly horny that he ruts against the floor, the sensation increased by the pressure in his bowels.
Acri watches the show, slowly palming his cock through the silk of his dressing gown, evidently mesmerised.
Yet, it's nothing new to be learnt from all the data. No one recognised a newcomer, there are no fingerprints or DNA samples that couldn't be matched to employees or the victims themselves in the dungeon, and the post-mortem doesn't tell Sherlock anything he didn't already know.
Both men snicker; Sherlock feels his cheeks flush bright red as his cock drips precome on the bedsheets, making him squirm in the cold wet spot.
“Beautiful.” Mycroft breathes, admiring his work, before putting the collar around Sherlock's neck, tying the laces at the back. It cover's Sherlock's long pale throat from hid suprasternal notch to his jaw, forcing him to hold his head up high.
He lets his tongue circle the folds, savouring the texture and the taste. There's so much come! The protruding bowel feels soft and a little spongy against his lips. Sherlock kisses if, lapping at it, and it must feel good because the man in front of him trembles a little before shooting another load all over the floor.
John makes him swallow it all again for a fourth time. By now, tears are running down his cheeks while snot drips from his nose, adding to the mess on his face.
“God, you reduced him to a drooling fucktoy. Does he take everything with pleasure, or do you have to  push him a bit.” Lestrade isn't looking at John, he stares down onto his hand being swallowed by Sherlock's body.
The pig grunts. Acri takes a huge dildo from the drawer, almost as thick as Sherlock's thigh, lubes it up a little and shoves it up the pig's arse. It glides in easily. Sherlock watches both fascinated and appalled as the ruined arse swallows the gigantic toy.
Mycroft's fingertips ghost over his left temple, down his neck, dipping in his suprasternal notch. They just slip the first button of Sherlock's purple shirt open to expose a little bit more pale, milky skin dotted with a few freckles.
“Anderson?” Sherlock exclaims, seemingly more affected by the attendance of his most hated forensic officer than by the scene in front of him. “Oh, for god's sake...”
The last fifteen minutes are the worst. Sherlock is so far gone that all he wants, all he needs, is simply to empty his body. Now! He doesn't care if he soils himself. He's filled to the brim with excrements. He can't control his bodily functions any longer. His internal muscles are contracting to press, to vacate, but the plug stubbornly stays in place, preventing release. The pain is unbearable, like a shroud, wrapping him up. Sherlock's body is shaking erratically, his eyes have lost focus and white foam wells up from his mouth around the ball gag. Now and then, his rubber-clad arms and legs jerk uncontrollably, tearing against the straps. He can't suppress it as he's almost unconscious.
He climbs carefully back onto the bed, stretching out on his stomach, his chin resting on his folded arms.
It’s no doubt Sherlock, very much alive, kneeling on the cheap brown carpet in the middle of this dingy room in Amsterdam, wearing nothing but tight navy-coloured panties, his hair a little longer than usual and dyed ginger, his nipplerings sparkling in the sunlight. He watches John, his hands resting on his thighs, holding himself very still, barely breathing.
When John wakes the next day, Sherlock is gone. Well, not really gone, he's just left the bed and is kneeling next to it, holding up the riding crop, offering it to John.
They'd've been drinking. Both of them, actually. In the afternoon, they'd wrapped up a particularly nasty case – involving homeless refugee children killed for organ harvesting; John still had those pictures of little bodies wrapped in sheets imprinted on his retina, and doubted he'd ever be able to erase them – and after returning home, John had decided to get hammered. Surprisingly, Sherlock had joined him; a sign that the case had affected him as well, that he wasn't the cold calculating machine as he himself and others liked to describe him.
“Believe me, I would. I don't care what your parents think of me. But it seems to be rather important to you.”
Very carefully, he circles Sherlock's hole with the melting cube before pushing it gently in. The man in front of him moans like a whore as finally something breaches him. Yet it wont last. The cube is sucked into his hot, greedy opening but soon a little trickle of water oozing out of him shows that it has perished inside the furnace of Sherlock's arse.
When Sherlock's hands start to fist the duvet, John has mercy on him. “Get up!” He orders as he removes his hands from Sherlock's body. Sherlock's legs a re a bit shaky as he scrambles to his feet. Not used to shoes like these, he more staggers that walks over to the old armchair in the corner. It's a lovely sight to watch this tall, slender man take small mincing steps in those shiny 8 inch high heels.
John takes a long slim cane in hand and tries a few strikes through the air. Sherlock can hear it sing  and feels his skin prickle.
John grins. “Fair enough.” He'll battle his guilty conscience tomorrow. Tonight, he wants this fantasy to become real.
Sherlock has trouble focusing, and John's not even sure he's been aware of his presence, but his question seems to bring Sherlock back to the here and now. He gives a curt nod as he looks up at John's face and then down at his groin, where John's nimble fingers are busy unbuttoning his fly.
Acri didn't allow for time to adjust. “Muoversi, puttana.” He'd kicked the pig's hip until he'd started to rock back onto the two arms and his own hand buried inside him, almost sobbing both with pain and pleasure. His whimpers mixed with the squelching sounds of the lube dripping from his arse.
Sherlock knows that Acri must be sensitive, so he sets to work carefully, just applying the tip of his tongue. The taste of musk and come fills his mouth and he desperately wishes he could touch himself. But it's not to be, not tonight. Acri raises his hand as if to bury it in Sherlock's blond hair, but puts it back down onto his thigh when he catches John's displeasing look.
John lets Sherlock stew for more than an hour before returning to the kitchen. By that time, Sherlock is nearly mad with arousal, squirming on the dildo while his hard cock throbs beneath the tower of books in his lap, pressing down on him. His sore arse has gone numb. His nipples are stretched almost past endurance. John's come has dried on his face, itching. He looks a right mess.
He keeps standing next to the bed as Sherlock slides forward, greedily opening his enticing mouth while lying on his back. His head dangles off the side of the mattress until John grabs a fistful of curls and positions him the way he wants.
“Alright?” John mumbles into Sherlock's ear, who can only nod, already drifting off. John smiles against his nape, inhaling the unique scent of musk, sweat, sex, lube and Sherlock gathered in this particular spot, before closing his own eyes as well. Just a minute, he thinks.
“God, no! This is fine. Really fine!” John assures him. He can already feel his cock strain against the zip of his jeans – just from the thought of what is about to happen.
“Let's get down to Sussex.” John tells Mycroft, sounding a little impatient. His eyes are dark, and there's a slight frown creasing his brow.
“Lick his face clean, slut.” John says and Sherlock does, taking his time to lap at Mark's skin until every last trace of John's ejaculate is gone. They stare at each other, and the close proximity allows Sherlock to take in the flush on Mark's face, his stubble, the brown freckles in his green eyes, hooded now from his orgasm, his lascivious smile. He slowly opens his mouth to show the come gathered on his tongue. Mark's grin widens as he lets a thick drop of spit fall from his own lips right into that open mouth beneath. Sherlock swallows.
John moans in triumph. He massages the small of Sherlock's back and whispers: “You did it. God, Sherlock, you took it all. This is so beautiful. Tell me, how does it feel?”
John can feel how close Sherlock is just from the few touches and quickly removes his hand, throwing the metal parts of the cock cage onto the bed before stepping back.
The living room still shows signs of their activities from the previous afternoon. John has to rummage around a bit until he finds the enema kit and the bottle of lube.
“Don't make a sound!” John hisses, grabbing his cane he had a while ago placed within easy reach on the kitchen table. “You have earned this!”
“Wrong place, wrong time.” Sherlock gets up, swirls around and leaves the room. “Where's my brother?”
“Oh, I'm sure I could get a video feed if you insist. Look, I had to give them something after your premature departure. Anthea happened to be at hand.” Mycroft makes a rather rude gesture and grins.
He tries to shake his head, to plead with his eyes, but it's no use, it just makes his throat convulse and ache even more. John starts to pour the squishy substance into the funnel, from which it runs down the hose, right into Sherlock's stomach. Sherlock can feel it slowly filling, yet its expansion is limited by the tight corset. But John doesn't stop until the beaker is empty.
But his fantasies are disturbed when suddenly the servant returns. He's carrying the large bowl they've seen next to the entrance. The bowl in which the used condoms could be disposed off.
For now, however, Sherlock needs urgent aftercare. John tells him to pull the stopper out. Sherlock's shaking hands fumble a little in the muddy water before he succeeds and the dirt and grime run down the drain.
“She's not in England, apparently.” Mycroft declares. “We checked on her to inform her of her husband's death, but she's been in Spain for the past three weeks. Menorca.”
“Well, so the situation's been dealt with.” John states, gripping Sherlock's arm more tightly. He can feel Sherlock tremble slightly. A change of subject is called for. “And as you can see, Sherlock is not coming back to you. So you may leave now. I'm sure you have a war to start somewhere.”
Sherlock touches his hand to the small of his back and frowns, looking suddenly shockingly like his dad. “I told you, we shouldn't have come here.” He repeats once again in a low voice.
„I think your piercings have healed by now.“ John tells Sherlock the next morning. The tattoo has also stopped flaking and itching. Sherlock can only nod.
He comes back around as he hears the front door being pulled shut, blinking a few times, but he doesn't get up as John enters the kitchen. Instead, he starts to slurp up the mess around him, first only licking, tasting with his tongue, before bringing his hands up from under his body to slowly pour the disgusting mix over his face and down his throat. John sits down at the kitchen table and watches as Sherlock cleans the kitchen on his hands and knees, nuzzling his face into cold pools of piss, drenching his hair with it before finally getting some towels to mop the mess up.
“That's my job, little brother. Why do you think he had to resign from the MoD?” Both Holmes's engage in one of their legendary staring matches - perhaps a little bit more heated this time - until Sherlock looks finally away.
“I'm not sure this is going to work.” Sherlock declares. He's hard, yet there's not enough room for his erect cock inside the metal confinement.
Sherlock's skin is smooth again, all bruises and cuts healed. His rosy nipples are already hard. He's yearning to be touched. John still stands behind him, his hands resting on Sherlock's hips, and Sherlock can feel his warm breath between his shoulder blades. Mycroft's fingertips trailing up his sides make him shiver.
“Face up.” Acri says, exchanging a look with John to make sure this is all right before lifting Sherlock's chin up with two finger. When Sherlock tries to turn his face away, John sternly says: “Do as you are told.”
“How does it feel, Sherlock, after all those days without me?” John asks, his other hand engaged with lazily pulling and fisting his own cock.
“Good?” John asks, brushing his thumb over Sherlock's chin. Sherlock's tongue darts out to lick his glistening lips.
John must have sensed what happened as his hand tentatively wanders lower on Sherlock's body until it comes to rest over Sherlock's crotch. He must feel some of the dampness gathering there, for he pats Sherlock a little and chuckles.
They quickly get a bucket and cloth to wipe up the mess. As per usual, John is doing most of the work, and as a perhaps little spiteful revenge leaves Sherlock's come to dry on the cupboard's door (should the git try to explain
The pain intensifies as the objects become larger. The small paintbrush isn't that bad; neither is the pencil, even if its increased size stretches Sherlock's hole noticeably. John holds Sherlock's cock up again, and now even he can see the pencil glide beneath the sensitive skin at the underside of his shaft. It's simultaneously a bit disconcerting and utterly arousing.
“Stop it.” John orders, and Sherlock's hand stills, falling to his side. John gets up and stands over him, resuming Sherlock's work with his own hand. He adds a lascivious twist to every second stroke, and it only takes a few moments before he can feel his balls tighten.
A shudder runs down Sherlock’s spine but he keeps his mouth shut, the viscous mass sloshing against his lips. He knows John won't like this. He knows he'll get punished for this. He yearns for it. For John putting him in his place. For John giving him his undivided attention. He'll show John what he's able to take.
“It seems so. He wanted to get your attention. When he had it, he lured you to the morgue at Bart's. I'm still rather curious what happened down there?”
By now, tears are running freely down Sherlock's face, but he can't as much as sob, because that would painfully constrict his abused throat.
“All the things we had, together, you and me. Remember, only I know who you really are. What you need. We are one flesh and blood. It's instinct. You belong to me. You've always belonged to me.” Mycroft takes a step towards Sherlock. “Let's go, brother mine.” He almost purrs, reaching out to touch his brother.
Mycroft has heard this speech often enough to know when he's expected to nod and hum in approval. Tuning his father out, he's able to retreat into his mind palace – or in this case, rather his mind dungeon – to conjure up memories of Sherlock: Tied to a beam in the attic of the manor house, getting whipped hard; fucking himself nearly unconscious on the toys he'd provided; bending over Mycroft's desk in his club, exposing his tight pucker; Mycroft and John both taking his brother at the same time, their cocks rubbing against each other inside Sherlock's hot, pliant body; Sherlock writhing in his lap, moaning his name.
He goes slowly, carefully opening his fists, rubbing his hands together. He can't reach very deep like this without ripping Sherlock apart, but nevertheless, the sight is mesmerising. Sherlock is growling and panting behind his gag, drooling copiously. His caged cock is leaking again. It feels like nothing he has ever experienced.
Sherlock shudders from head to toe, not only from the overstimulation. It's like someone has walked over his grave.
“I believe you heard me perfectly well.” John growls. He thought he would be more embarrassed than he actually is.
John is tempted to leave him like this and think about his shortcomings but then his hard cock jerks and reminds him that he wants to add his come to the sticky wet mess. But he won't go gentle any longer. Sherlock will suffer for his inadequacy.
And yet, it's so very tempting to keep Sherlock as a subservient fuckdoll. Besides, when had Sherlock ever truly listened to John in the first place?
Now black Hoody takes his turn, unceremoniously pushing in. Gladly, Sherlock is still gaping, and Hoody's cock is smaller than Ginger's, slim but long, so it doesn't hurt that much. John removes his hand and extends it to take the used condom from Ginger while Sherlock tries to get his breathing back under control.
“John, please... please,” Sherlock breaths out, and John leans in and kisses him again, crashing their mouths together. When he pulls away, he replaces his tongue with the bloody fingers of his right hand, and Sherlock sucks and laps at them with abandon...
Someone is pissing in an inflatable plastic bag. It is slowly dawning on Sherlock what they have in mind for him. God, it's humiliating. And so very arousing. He moans behind his mask, but not in disgust. In excitement. This is something new, something he's never done before. John and Mycroft don't seize to amaze him.
“I've got you something.” He smiles as he takes a pair of black patent leather high heels from the box, with a broad heel and a strap to fasten them around the ankle.
“I know that wasn't easy, Sherlock. But you did it. You accepted your punishment beautifully.” John even snaps a pic for Mycroft and gets an immediate reply. “Your brother wants you to stay like this until he returns.” John tells him, pressing a soft kiss just to the corner of Sherlock's mouth.
“You filthy bugger.” Sherlock can hear John getting up, removing his soiled trousers. He closes his eyes in anticipation of his punishment.
“I'll leave you now. Remember, as long as possible. But don't try to outdo yourself, Sherlock. If you don't reach the toilet in time I'll have you clean your mess up, and I'm not sure I'll allow you to use your hands. You got that?”
“God, the things you let me do to you.” John wonders, his voice sweet and tender and almost as needy as Sherlock feels himself.
Sherlock's face is covered in his dried come, so John eventually decides to add some fresh of his own to it, painting Sherlock's cheekbones and forehead with thick white streaks. Afterwards, he ties the leash to the bedpost. Sherlock can put his head on the mattress, but is unable to lie down. John leaves the spider gag in place, so Sherlock will be ready to take him in again in the morning.
“Shh, don't cry, little brother. You'll get used to it. In a few days it will be much easier. Hush now, or you might bring it all up again and we have to start over. It's not going to taste any better.”
Eventually, the clip ends. By now, John's cock is dark red, engorged and swollen, the balls already pulled tight against his perineum (as far as Sherlock can see, John is still wearing his trousers). It looks delicious.
Now totally naked, he's pulled up and let to a bench on the far side of the room, away from the scene and its remnants.
A hand comes up and smears cool cream onto his burning nipples, only to be licked off a moment later. Suddenly, fingers and lips are everywhere, applying cream, jam and honey all over his body, sucking it from Sherlock's lips, nipples, and, as he sits back, the huge plug shifting even deeper inside him as it graces his prostate in a particularly enticing angle, from his belly and thighs.
“Yes, apparently. Ormond Sacker.” John is surprised how easily his false name falls from his lips these days. “Thank you for the invitation.”
Sherlock is a sweaty, panting, leaking mess when John returns about an hour after leaving him, fully dressed now with a chequered shirt and one of his hideously misleading oatmeal jumpers. Sherlock's cock is by now rock hard, purple and swollen, the foreskin fully retreated.
The smack hits him totally unprepared. It's hard and fierce, delivered with such considerable force that Sherlock's head jerks abruptly to one side. He nearly falls off the chair.
“Don't make this worse for you, Kate. Doctor Watson is at least a medical professional. I'm sure he's very apt with the needle. Now, be a good girl, will you?”
John pulls his pants up before he starts to feed Sherlock strawberries dipped in yoghurt and his come. As John spears each fruit onto a fork, he watches Sherlock greedily open his mouth to receive his breakfast. His full lips wrap around the ripe fruits, sucking the coating off of them before slowly chewing and swallowing.
John caresses the delicate skin of Sherlock's exposed inner arms before the first stroke. The broken skin shows a fine shallow cut and blood trickles down Sherlock's pale lean arms. As John hits Sherlock again and again Sherlock yells in pain and balls his hands into fists, pulling at his restrains. He's only bruising his wrists, though; Irene knows how to tie a man up.
“Now, lets play a little with your new toy, shall we?” John stares at Sherlock for a moment before he hurls him onto his feet and drags him towards the living room at the end of the hallway. Sherlock skitters over the polished floor in his piss-soaked socks as he hurries to follow, unable to balance his weight with his arms, utterly helpless and entirely at John's mercy.
Yet it feels glorious. Getting his cock fucked is an intense experience. Acri has stepped closer and watches mesmerised as well.
John had stared at the text for two full minutes. He'd had to blink the small screen into focus, as he'd already been well through a bottle of Tequila, even if it was just late afternoon.
“I... we... tried that, Sherlock. It's not working. You are not... you are not into that stuff. You think you are but believe me, you are not.”
Sherlock grunts again, this time in frustration. Clear precome is leaking from the slit in the metal covering his trapped cock. His testicles look painfully swollen and almost purple but there's no chance for release or for his shaft to escape its confinement. It must be agonising, John thinks, sliding in and out of Sherlock's wet, docile mouth. It feels delicious.
And Sherlock does as he's told, bending his left knee to give John better access to his arse. John can't see his fingers vanishing inside Sherlock as his cleft is still covered by the lace of the knickers, but he can hear the obscenely squelching noises of the lube as the tight ring of muscle gives way. The lube running out of Sherlock's hole and dripping from John's fingers makes the lace covering Sherlock's buttocks go dark.
“John, I don't share syringes. And I know from whom to buy. It's good quality.” Sherlock assures him.
“Might as well.”John smiles a devilish smile as he turns onto his stomach and pushes his arse up into Sherlock's face to continue his oral service, this time by licking John's arsehole. Sherlock sets to work with dedication, imagining being forced to suck off a row of strangers until his face, mouth and belly are filled with their come. The taste of John's arse does the rest as Sherlock pushes his peaked, stiff tongue deep inside him; his orgasm crashes over him, unstoppable even by the fear of the severe punishment John will surely deal out for this transgression. Greg feels Sherlock's muscles clench and speeds up his thrusts, fucking Sherlock so hard that he sees stars and has difficulty breathing as his face is pushed deep between John's buttocks.
Over the following hour, they choke him until he almost passes out, smash his face onto the table top until blood gushes from his nose, bite and scratch his back and arms until he bleeds, cut the skin of his abdomen and inner thighs with a hunting knife and burn his perineum, balls and chest with cigars. The most amusing thing to them seems to be that Sherlock can only make increasingly desperate noises behind his gag but doesn't resist or fight them; his pathetic snorting and grunting earns him sardonic laughter from his tormentors, who make him crawl and kneel at their feet while doing unspeakable things to him.
The noises Sherlock makes when John hits his prostate send a shiver down John's sweaty spine, spurring him on.
“Oh, Sherlock...” John whispers. “You'll ruin your health, your unique mind. You have no idea what you're injecting. The risk of hepatitis, or even HIV...”
Sherlock just nods. John holds onto him until their breathing has evened, his chest flush against Sherlock's back as he mouths at Sherlock's neck and nape, just licking and suckling while his hands start to brush over Sherlock's abdomen and thighs.
Sherlock hands are still numb, so John has to sink down in front of him and guide his slender, still stockinged feet into the unfamiliar footwear. His socks are damp with piss, but John doesn't remove them.
Only now, John has to admit, Sherlock is becoming too quiet and obedient. At first, John fears he has broken him, destroyed something within him even Mycroft had been unable to crush. It takes a few days for John to realise that Sherlock is content, that he has accepted his role and truly craves for the ever escalating treatment John inflicts upon him. It seems to be the only way in which he can finally surrender: voluntarily becoming the inanimate object of John's darkest sexual fantasies.
“Sherlock, look at me.” Sherlock reluctantly turns his face over to where John is sitting at the end of the bed.
Half an hour later, they are sitting in a cafe, nursing an espresso each and some cream filled cannoli. Sherlock crumbles his pastry absent-mindedly, licking his fingers between sips of strong coffee.
“Wow, I see... You have made some progress with him.” Lestrade voice shakes with appreciation. He slowly circles Sherlock's stretched hole with his index finger a few times, before slowly inserting three fingers into his gaping anus. When Greg's fingers brush the soft, sensitive, pink walls of Sherlock's rectum, Sherlock moans, low and needy.
Sherlock takes a moment to stand up and turn around to do as he’s told, his eyes fixed on Mycroft. To bring him back down to earth, John closes his fist around Sherlock’s erection and gives him a few loose strokes. Sherlock’s knees almost give out under him, but he manages to unbutton John’s soiled shirt and help divest him of the rest of his clothing.
“What was that? Sorry, I didn't get that.” Moriarty leans in, and Sherlock can suddenly see his face, upside down above his own, those cold black eyes not dead at all, but sparkling with mischief and something even more dangerous.
His current position presses his buttock together. But now John parts his cheeks and puts something roundish between them, just over his hole. It's spiky. Sherlock huffs.
John fills the blue bag (with a capacity of 3,5 pints) with lukewarm water from the tab before enrolling the tube. It ends in a kind of nuzzle with a small tab attached.
John pulls Sherlock's head up by his short hair. He suddenly misses those lush, mussed curls. “What do you want?” He growls against Sherlock's pink lips, wet and already a little puffed from John's stubble.
Sherlock stops mid-motion. “I want to sit down and have my tea.” He says, slowly, as if explaining the obvious to some dim-witted police officer.
“Shit!” He slams the drawer shut and runs downstairs, taking two steps at a time. If Sherlock can climb out of a window, so can John.
As John stares up at Sherlock, he sees that his cock is hard and leaking as well, already straining against his concave belly. John hadn't put the cock cage back on after tending to Sherlock's wounds at Murray's house., and wonders if the burns on his perineum hurt as his cock stiffens and swells. Spontaneously, John decides to allow Sherlock to come tonight, as a compensation for all his sufferings the previous night.
Sherlock stares down at his crotch, unsure if he can manage this, but John wants it, so he'll try. The large metal rod glides up his cock again and again, causing a bizarre friction mixed with slight pain, and the sheer idea of what they are doing, combined with John's open admiration and obvious delight, is suddenly enough to drive Sherlock over the edge. He can fell his balls tighten – and now this does really hurt a lot – and while he's still grunting in pain, hot, white come wells up his slit, past the stainless steel, coating the grip of the screwdriver and John's fingers in thick, white goo. Sherlock bucks up, fucking into the feeling, the clothes pins on his abdomen and thighs sharply biting down as his muscles tense during his orgasm. His whole body shudders, and he has trouble to stay upright.
He strokes Sherlock's face once again before leaving him, still bound inside the bag on their bedroom floor. Sherlock is so hard by now that he fears to pass out. Yet he refrains form calling after John.
Sherlock instinctively tries to swallow John deeper, but the lack of oxygen combined with his position makes it almost impossible. What John can see of his face first whitens, then darkens, turning a shade of violet that slowly fades to blue. Sherlock's finger start to pluck at the sheets in silent desperation. The muscles in his outstretched legs contract and spasm, making his body twitch and jerk. Yet John doesn't relent.
“Hold onto that bowl, will you.” John tells him through gritted teeth, and Sherlock clings to the china as if it's a life-raft.
Meanwhile, the two men double-penetrating the pig are getting close as well. They are rutting and grunting, unable to get really deep at this odd angle but finally it seems to be enough. They both come, almost yelling when finding release.
With the larger outer part, Sherlock has been fucking John for what feels like hours. John has reclined on their sofa, leaning back, his arse just at the edge, sweaty and flushed by now. Sherlock presses the fat black dildo in, deep, his nose brushing John's tight bollocks, before pulling almost all the way out again. John, meanwhile, is pumping his own hard cock in his fist. Sherlock can see the glistening head, the veined shaft, but can neither touch, suck nor taste it.
When John pulls out of his gaping, dripping hole, he briefly rests his head between Sherlock's shoulder blades before getting up. Sherlock doesn't fight the tunnel plug as it's pressed back inside him. It  slides easily in place as if it is a part of his body. Afterwards, John does close the zip over his cleft and turns him on his back again. Shaking fingers tug at his masks to remove it, allowing Sherlock to gulp in some much needed air. Black spots are dancing before his eyes, so he must have been way more deprived of oxygen than his brain had registered.
The man on the bed looks frail in the greyish, washed-out hospital johnny. There's a drip attached to his arm, blue veins rising too prominently from almost translucent skin. Sherlock's eye are closed, two mother-of-pearl lids covering those ever changing pools of colour, opening right into Sherlock's soul. John has seen so much in them: fear, excitement, arousal, doubt, trust, love... Being deprived of their piercing gaze now feels like being deprived of oxygen.
Sherlock is almost lost for words. He's acutely aware of how full he is. It hurts a little, but that is made up for by the incomprehensible notion of being owned so completely. Good, thinking that a few weeks back, he'd been a virgin, and is now dicked down by two men, one of them his brother, makes his whole body tremble
“First, he has to lick up the mess here.” John's point towards the small puddle of come on the floor and Sherlock goes for it. It's not much but as he keeps it in his mouth and gargles a bit with it bubbles start to form, spilling over his lips. At a nod of John, Sherlock swallows.
John takes his time fucking his mouth. He pulls off now and then when he gets too close, to draw it out. Sherlock's throat starts to hurt and the corners of his mouth get stretched and tear a bit, but he doesn't protest or resists. He just opens wide and takes it.
John leans over to Sherlock, not taking his eyes off the action on the table. “How are you?” He asks.
“He locked himself in there for a week when he was seventeen. Didn’t eat, didn’t sleep, just played the violin at all hours and scribbled those words all over the walls. I broke the door down with Mycroft in the end. We later discovered that he had tried to strangle himself with one of his violin strings. Apparently, he’d been taking heroin and LSD for several days. He was outright psychotic. We had him admitted to a hospital where he had to stay for a few months, sectioned. Afterwards, he moved in with Mycroft, in London. He never came back again. Thought you should know about that. Otherwise my wife might seem a bit… distanced.”
“The fuck they have...” John squares his shoulders and, bypassing Sherlock, takes a few steps towards Magnussen, who suddenly retreats, his eyes widening in surprise.
“Hello John.” Moriarty croons. “So nice to see you. I played a little with your pet. I hope you don't mind? He might be a little... defective, now, though.” But John's eyes don't leave Moriarty's face. He won't be sidetracked by the malicious slur. Moriarty's grin widens as he slowly makes for the door.
They sit down on the bench as the sun starts to set. Sherlock is aware that they are staying past closing time, and an excited tingle runs down his spine. No one will find them here, that he's sure of. They are obscured from view from the main paths. Someone would have to be specifically looking for intruders to stumble upon them and Sherlock doubts that the Italian park guards will bother.
To Sherlock's great relieve, John opens the chastity device locking him in and removes it. Instantly, Sherlock's cock swells and hardens. Yet he sighs with disappointment as the plug slides from his hole. Acri smirks.
Sherlock does, greedily swirling his tongue round and round, lapping up the rest of John's ejaculate.
In a quit pro quo manner, John does continue with Sherlock's body modification. If Sherlock wants to be put in the bag, he has to accommodate ever larger plugs before, during or after. Not just accept them; he has to beg for them, lube them up and push them inside himself regardless of his inclination or mood.
“We should divest him from the rest of his clothes to inspect him, I think. Shoes and socks off, please, Sherlock.”
The woman grabs John's injured hand, and he lets himself be willingly pulled down a small lane. It’s like in one of his dreams. John suddenly feels tired, raw and empty. Why any longer resist the inevitable?
“How do you know he's a former minister if he's still wearing that mask?” John asks to break the silence.
He can feel John untying his legs before he slowly removes the speculum. Sherlock nearly slides off the table, sobbing with gratitude as he is allowed to sit back unto the chair. His anus feels like its been turned inside out, raw and bruised; his insides feel even stranger, squishy and slightly numb. He's exhausted and drained from the overwhelming force of his orgasm, and therefore utterly grateful for the small comfort it gives him when John strokes his hair and wipes his stained face with a kitchen towel, soothing him by whispering reassurances. “Hey, stay with me. You did it. It's nearly over...”
“Please...,” he whispers, slumping forward, resting his brow on John's shoulder. John strokes his curls while shushing him. “It'll be over soon.”
“You filthy whore, look at you, come leaking from your well-fucked arse. Come over here, clean me up with your mouth.”
He can hear John's and Mycroft's voices, but they seem far away. He's just able to catch scarps of their words, as his own loud breathing echoes in his head, drowning out almost every other sound.
This gives John an idea. "I want you to wet yourself, Sherlock, right here, in front of me. Come on, kneel up." John pulls Sherlock up on his knees; his cock hangs full and heavy between his legs. Sherlock has to take a few deep breaths to calm himself down. He needs to relax if this is going to work. To encourage him, John pinches his left nipple very hard. Sherlock shudders and releases a few drops of piss. "There you go, you gorgeous, filthy thing. Hm, that's lovely, isn't it? To just let it all out?" Sherlock nods as hot urine runs down his thigh. Looking down, Sherlock gasps at the sight.
“Sit back on your heels.” John's voice is hoarse, fascinated with the display of agony visible on Sherlock's face. Yet he does as he's told. The thorns tear open his legs, splitting the skin as Sherlock slowly sinks back. He knows that John wants to see him suffer, and so he prolongs the torture by taking his time. It hurts like hell. Sherlock huffs through his nose, his breathing speeding up as he tries to control the pain, to give in and surrender.
“God, you're so lovely.” John whispers after a while. “I love doing this to you. Giving you what you need. I never want to stop.” He's glad Sherlock can't hear him. His cleft looks already chafed and raw. Yet the sounds he makes are surely affirmative for more. So John continues.
After three men came inside him, however, this starts to change. They are quite rough. They just push in and fuck him, grabbing him by the hips or the hair. It hurts. The pain permeates his drug-induced stupor. To add to his disaffection, the men already finished with him make him clean their cocks before urinating onto his head. They tell him to keep his mouth and eyes open. It burns, and almost prevents him from breathing.
Sherlock dives headlong into the case but John reminds him that there are other needs he has to succumb to as well.
Murray is a tall man himself, but also much sturdier than Sherlock, with brought shoulders and muscular thighs. Therefore, the clothes he comes up with are much too large for Sherlock, but that can't be helped. It's better than walking barefoot in a blanket.
He finds the video files after about ten minutes. He makes it almost half-way through the first, up to Sherlock sobbing his name under his breath - desperate, broken – before he brings up the fifteen year old Laphroaig, clutching to their kitchen counter as he vomits into the sink.
“I bet you would like that. Getting your Mummy off with your clever mouth, fucking her with your sharp tongue, your face buried between her legs.”
Sherlock fumbles a little, slowly attaching the heavy weights to his nipple rings. They are nearly three ounces each and drag nicely at his pale pink nubs.
“We are getting there, Sherlock.” John mumbles affectionately. “You've done quite well today.” Sherlock almost purrs like a cat and John has to remove his hand as Sherlock eagerly starts to push back against his fingers. No need to rush this.
John is entranced. This is it. This is what he's been looking for with all his past lovers. But it's so rarely found. Because this is more than sex, more than pain. It's a transcending experience, for both of them. It changes the dynamics profoundly. Who's in charge here is hard to tell as they both move in unison, melting together, giving, receiving, becoming one.
John just can't bear the thought of this celestial beauty being violated by this bunch of drunken brutes down there. He stands in front of Sherlock and gazes down at him, his thumb caressing Sherlock's full bottom lip. It's soft again and a little wet. John remembers that Mycroft wanted to see Sherlock with his mouth still sewn shut.
When Sherlock finally reveals to John that he's still alive, John needs proof to accept that he's not trapped in one of his wistful nightmares. He has to experience Sherlock's indestructibility first hand to believe that their reunion is real. Also, there's one thing left to do to erradicate the memory of Mycroft's claim to his brother.
When John senses how close Sherlock is he fiercely tugs at the chain attached to the nipple clamps. Sherlock whines but is unable to lean into the traction, as Mycroft pushes him down onto the floor, both hands on his shoulders, as he presses open mouthed kisses all over Sherlock’s jaw and throat, sucking cream from his Adam’s apple and honey from the hollow of his neck between his collar bones.
“John. Could we have a word, please?” Determined rigour permeates the polite tone of the question. John slowly sits back down again.
Sherlock is led down a narrow corridor and into a windowless room. Mondigliani gestures towards another plastic chair in front of another scratched metal table before leaving him. Sherlock stares at the clock on the wall, ticking away. Ten minutes later, finally another plain-cloth policeman enters.
“Well, nothing's wrong with a bit of morning wood.” John grins, rocking his own boner against Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock's eyes flutter shut.
He takes his now flaccid cock into his free hand and aims for Sherlock's chest. As the first splatters hit him, Sherlock makes an almost animalistic noise, something between a rough growl and a high keen at the back of his throat.
Sherlock's not sure how he feels about this. The idea of watching John with someone else is not totally unpleasant but expecting him to be part of this is a little bit unsettling. But it's not his place to question John's decisions, he's getting this.
When John can feel his climax approaching, he pulls Sherlock upright into his lap, until his spine makes contact with John's sternum. His hands search blindly on the mattress until he finds the belt, wraps it around Sherlock's long pale neck, and pulls it tight. He's controlling Sherlock with just this makeshift leash. Swathed around his left hand.
Acri snaps his fingers and a moment later a long tea spoon appears. Sherlock eagerly starts to use it to shovel come into his mouth, moaning as the thick beads hit his tongue.
Tears run down Sherlock's face as his gag reflex is triggered and he retches violently before eventually accepting the intrusion, lying still, allowing John to play with him. The sugary flavour of the honey overlays the stale taste of come and piss. From time to time, John pinches his balls or tugs at his nipple weights. Pain shoots through Sherlock's body like a bolt of lightning, almost driving him over the edge despite the sweet abuse his mouth and throat suffer.
“I can't shave your arse now, you are too sensitive right now but we'll see to that when you've recovered a bit.” He explains.
“Is your cunt getting wet, precious?” Mycroft asks in a low voice while his hands travel up Sherlock's constrained chest to play with his swollen nipples.
Sherlock slowly saunters over, his dressing gown slipping from his left shoulder, exposing more white skin decorated with a dark purple bruise.
“So it's quite possible that this third person – man or woman – just mixed with the crowd at the bar and left with everybody else when the alarm went off... Did you recognise a newcomer?”
John looks down as he pushes just the head in. He can feel Sherlock's rim flutter around his ridge before clenching. John stays like this for a moment, cherishing the incredible tightness he'd missed so much. His strong hands prevent Sherlock from rocking back, taking him deeper. He just wants to feel him like this, just breach and tease him a little, poising on the precipice of their mutual desire.
“I’m sure he’ll dress you up in little fancy knickers, like a proper slut. Parade you around the club. Let all and sundry fuck you, even two or three at the same time. In all your holes. They'll take turns. And he’ll make you, holding you down, come dripping out of you, yet you'd still want more. Perhaps you’ll be allowed to lick his arse afterwards. But only if you’ve been a good boy. Will you be a good little boy for your big brother, Sherlock? Will you do as you are told?”
“I won't be able to shag you as hard as you need it for at least a week. But you have to focus. I can see that you're getting all antsy and jittery with forced abstinence. So we better get this out of your system, for you to concentrate on our imminent problem with your brother.”
That is, until John crouches down in front of him and wraps another rope around his left ankle. Then he pulls it back, so that Sherlock is just balancing on his right foot, wrapping the rope a few times around the tree trunk.
“Hey, there you are. Back with the living.” John smiles down at his lover, who's still sleep-mussed and seems a little confused. “I patched you up, but we'll have to go slow for a few days. You better stay in bed today.”
Sherlock hastens to put the index and middle finger of his right hand into his glorious mouth and starts to lick and suck. When they are glistening wet John tells him to play with his nipples, already two hard pink nubs of flesh.
John savours the sight of a totally broken Sherlock at his mercy. He's sure he could do absolutely anything to him right now, and this thought is intoxicating. To capture this moment for posterity John takes out his phone again. Sherlock briefly closes his eyes when John starts filming him but a low disapproving chuckle from John make his eyes snap open again. Sherlock stares into the camera as sweat breaks out all over his body from the burning pain he's forced to inflict upon himself.
Sherlock skitters over the tiles and crashes into the side of the bathtub. At least he has the presence of mind to wrap his arms around his head to protect it from hitting the floor. He's breathing heavily by now but John doesn't care. Hot white rage is flooding his system. He's in charge here. He feels alive, powerful, certain. It's glorious.
“I'm trying to quit.” Sherlock answers in fluent Italian. As John looks between the two of them, frowning, he continues in English: “Could we do the interview in a language my parter understands?”
He's sobbing with relieve, even as John smears his come all over his face. Sitting back onto his heels, he lets his head drop down to nuzzle briefly against John's collar bone. John allows him a few moments of rest and closeness.
John watches as Mycroft starts to brutally whip his brother's body again, who arches into the blows, still demanding more. Both brothers moan and gasp at the sensation; the trust, the power one has over the other. They are both lost, and they know it.  It's breathtaking, almost disturbing in its intensity.
As the tape is roughly torn away from his face, Sherlock howls in pain. He can taste blood in his mouth from his sore lips and coughs to clear his throat. He is thirsty as well, and longs for a sip of water, but is sure he won't be treated to such niceties.
“It says art dealer Mario Acri has been found dead in the early hours of the morning in his house where he celebrated some festivity last night. The police treats it as a suspicious death. Apparently, it seems that he's been strangled.”
Another significant change is that Sherlock doesn't talk much anymore now. What is there to say, apart from “Yes, John”, anyway? When John makes him wear a suit one day, it feels strange and unpleasant. Doing something of his own accord seems increasingly pointless if it doesn't involve servicing John.
Mycroft straightens, pulling on his cuffs, smoothing his lapels. He seems to re-evaluate the situation. After a moment, he says: “Fair enough. If that's the case, if Sherlock wants to stay with you, I have no choice but to concede defeat. Good day, Sherlock. John.”
John, who's been sitting in his chair, sipping a beer and reading the paper, glances over at Sherlock and puts The Guardian aside.
Sherlock presses his lips firmly together. No, this is not what he wants. He wants John, not some random stranger. But John came al over that stranger! It's infuriating! What had that obscure cunt ever done to deserve John?
“Dio, guarda. Quale scoria!” [God, look at that. What a slag.] One of the spectators mumbles in awe. Others nod in agreement.
“Knowing you, I'm rather sure you'll need stern discipline. I prefer a thin bamboo cane but I'm aware that you own a riding crop and I will use that on you as well. In fact, every evening from now on I will monitor your behaviour of the day. You are then allowed to pick the method to be punished. I expect you to beg me on your knees for your well-deserved punishment. And I expect to be thanked for it afterwards. Are we clear on that?”
“Other options?” Sherlock parrots. He knows he sounds weak and hollow, just repeating the phrases thrown at him but it helps biding his time.
It doesn't take long. A few moments later, John tenses and his stomach muscles ripple before thick streaks of come shoot from his cock, hitting the strawberry-yoghurt mix in the bowl, adding a filthy coating. They both stare onto the mess; Sherlock licks his lips.
Only when Sherlock is seated in the back of a sleek black car – grateful for being allowed to wear at least his Belstaff over the kinky latex garments - does he dare to ask: “Where are we going?” His voice is raw from lack of use.
John takes the belt and runs it between his fingers, smooth leather, well worn. He wraps one end around his fist and pulls it tight with the other.
In an effort to appease the cornered man, John raises both his hands while he tries to stay out of Moriarty's reach, slowly encircling the armed man, positioning himself between Moriarty and the door. Mycroft and his SWAT team must be here any minute now. All John can do until they arrive is to derail Moriarty, to divert his attention away from Sherlock while preventing his escape from this room.
“Is this Sherlock Holmes speaking? This is Mary Sykes from The Daily Mail. Would you like to answer...”
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asks, panic rising inside him as he hears John walk away, his movements betrayed by cracking twigs and the rustle of leaves.
The next day, Sherlock is unusually quiet and pliant. John vows to abstain from any anal play for the day. Instead, he keeps Sherlock close, strokes his hair and back, hugs and pets him and eventually masturbates him in the afternoon, Sherlock kneeling in the middle of the mattress, staring at John as if he'd hung the moon. John murmurs soothing promises into his skin as he kisses him, deep yet soft, before tucking the covers around him and holding him in his arms until his breath has evened out and he's gone to sleep.
“No, John, the book the quote is from. That’s its title. I was slightly obsessed with it during my late teens.”
As the IV bag is now empty, it's taken off and detached from the nasogastric tube. Yet the tube stays in place, as does the catheter.
Sherlock shakes his tousled head and takes a deep breath, pressing his burning face against the starched white pillow.
“You'd love to swallow everything, won't you?” Acri asks him, speaking into his other ear. Sherlock shivers. They've reached the large bed again. Only, Acri's boys are gone, apparently having done their duty for tonight. The party is still in full swing, though.
“Well, I had to offer them a replacement. Anthea might be in need of plastic surgery. We'll see when she's returned to me in a few days. If she's returned to me.” Mycroft stares directly at his brother, his eyes hard and cold. “And it'll be all your fault, Sherlock. Because you couldn't handle it. And yours , John, because you acted totally unprofessional.”
“At least I did that for us, for him and me. Not for Queen and country.” He's aware of how weak his excuse sounds.
“Yes, John. Oh my god.” He splutters, moaning despite the pain as John rubs himself against his raw buttocks.
“So they played happy families in your dungeon and all had a jolly good time.” Sherlock interjects. “But what changed tonight that it ended in the girl dead and his Lordship being castrated?”
“No, us. He says he'll send a car round at noon to fetch both of us. It'll be lunch at his club. I suppose it's about the Moriarty business.” Sherlock's voice is almost bland, but John can feel his heartbeat stutter and then speed up beneath his ribs.
“Certainly not. This establishment caters to very specific needs, as you are well aware, Mr Holmes.” It's not entirely clear who of the brothers Irene's addressing. “Discretion is of utmost importance.” She states, sounding suddenly very tired.
Sherlock swallows. It takes him about thirty seconds until he's finally able to get the words out: “May I sit down?”
One day, for example, John forces a spider gag into Sherlock's mouth before storing him under the bed. When the mood strikes John, he pulls the mummified body out from under the bedframe, opens his trousers and fucks Sherlock's face until he feels he's about to come. That's when he pulls out and puts Sherlock back. John repeats this over the whole day, and when he finally comes onto Sherlock's face the man beneath him is writhing in the bag despite the belts John has attached to it to bind him even tighter, moaning around the metal braces, his tongue bulging out between stretched, glistening lips. Spit has run down his chin and throat, making a wet spot on the floor beneath Sherlock's head, soaking his curls. John let's Sherlock lie in it even after he's shot his load, for him to well in it. It's an intense day for both of them.
John slowly nods again, looking surprised yet pleased. Acri signals for one of the almost naked servants and, as he approaches, whispers something into his ear. The man listens before retreating towards the entrance.
John grins devilishly as he strides over to the chair Sherlock is confined to, brushing one hand through damp curls as he murmurs: „My, my, Sherlock. God, your trousers might be ruined. If you could only see yourself like this. I think the next time we do this I’ll have you face the mirror. You look like you’d rub yourself against anything with a pulse… ok, in your case, a pulse might not even be necessary for you to rut against it like a dog in heat. Hm, if I release you now I want you to crawl over to the coffee table and lie face down on top of it, legs spread wide. You got that?“
It's not wholly pleasurable, though. The slight pain, the odd feeling of being stuffed where usually nothing is put into, the unfamiliar stretch and burn soften Sherlock's cock. Therefore John is able, after a little adjustment, to lock the chastity belt again.
“Yes. Let’s put this filthy tart into his place and teach him how not to soil himself like a gluttonous pig. Get the ropes.”
“Take your clothes off.” He groans. Sherlock gets rid of those baggy sweat pants and the worn out t-shirt and hoodie as quickly as his battered body allows for. Naked, he sinks back down onto his knees on the floor and resumes fondling John's cock.
“Sherlock Holmes is dead. John Watson has vanished as well.” Sherlock closes his eyes, relishing John's tender touch. “I could organise for you to be declared dead as well, perhaps even some sort of mutilated body might turn up.” He mumbles sleepily. “But I wanted to consult with you about that before setting things in motion. You have a sister, actually, who might suffer from losing you.”
Sherlock briefly wonders how one could live with such level of internalised homophobia that one could only pursue one’s own desires by rape, can’t wrap his brain around it and abandons the thought in favour of dealing with the situation at hand.
John comes to stand behind Sherlock and quickly slides his jacket from his shoulders, draping it over the back of a visitors chair. Sherlock closes his eyes when he feels John's hands come around his chest to unbutton his shirt. As it hangs open, exposing a delicate red flush down to Sherlock's pectorals, Mycroft touches Sherlock's wrists and undoes his cuffs, on after the other. His thumbs rub over the thin skin on the inside of Sherlock's wrists, making him shiver. Sherlock is highly aware that his brother can feel his pulse, beating erratic. He doesn't care. It doesn't matter.
Sherlock's belt starts leaking as they leave the private chamber and return to the feast. With the sound in place, he can only walk slowly. Even like this, every movement sends electric shockwaves through his body. The hairs on his arms stand on edge, and there's a sheen of cold sweat forming on his brow.
Miss Adler turns his face slightly from one side to the other. “Nice. Very nice indeed. Strong-willed, independent, if a bit troubled. I can see what you like in him.” Her voice is deep and alluring. Sherlock feels himself blush.
That night, John baths Sherlock before tending to his wounds. His eyebrow needs three stitches, but otherwise the injuries are superficial. Next, John makes Sherlock drink a whole bottle of water and sees to it that he eats proper dinner. Later, as Sherlock starts to curl up on his blanket on the floor at the end of the bed, John silently pats the mattress next to himself, and Sherlock happily climbs up into the bed where John gently holds him and strokes his hair until they both fall asleep.
His hips start to roll as he imagines being tossed off by a stranger in his living room. The plug up his arse makes the most delicious movements as it brushes over his prostate. The strip of tape over his mouth – more for aesthetic purposes than functioning as an actual gag – would prevent him from protesting the violation; as the cock ring would prevent him from coming. He envisions his attacker – seducer – getting his own cock out, stroking himself until he comes over Sherlock’s face and shirt, drenching him in thick spurts of come. Sherlock can almost feel it drip off his face and can’t stifle the moan rising in his throat.
As if he's heard him, Acri explains: “I had his tongue and vocal chords removed some years ago. He was babbling and screaming all the time. It was just too much. Now his mouth is just a wet whole for any cock that pushes into it. And it's not as if he's having a say in anything since he joined my household. You are happy like this, aren't you, pig?”
“You look... good.” Mycroft says, tracing a prominent vein on the inside of Sherlock's left elbow. The brother's lock eyes. Sherlock knows he didn't always look like this. He remembers the itching, the sores, the ulcers... It's been a while, though.
Later that night, after Sherlock has drunk some more water and put on a t-shirt and pyjama pants, John carefully removes the threads of black twine still protruding from Sherlock's dry lips with tweezers, before coating his impossible Cupid's bow with Vaseline. Presumably, the little holes will stay as minor scars. John finds the idea incredibly sexy, envisaging those marred lips wrapped around the base of his cock.
across his chest. Warm blood runs down his pectorals. The ketamine only dulls the pain, but doesn't suppress it entirely.
John teases, tugs and pulls ever so gently, but Sherlock's cock, deprived of touch for so long, springs to life immediately. It swells and hardens as Sherlock sways in the rope, increasing the pull on his sensitive flesh. It's maddening.
“But how do you guarantee that your staff is safe, especially regarding the somewhat exotic tastes of your clients?” Sherlock asks.
Next thing he knows, they bend him over the coffee table, and suddenly there are fingers pushing inside him. His face is shoved against a crotch, then against a naked, hard, leaking penis. Instinctively, he parts his lips and starts to suck or lick. The man above him grunts approvingly. After a few minutes however, he's replaced by a fat blond guy who rubs his erection against Sherlock's cheekbones until they are wet and glistening with his fluids.
Sherlock nods. He's able to get some air. Yet it's an effort with the tube up his nostril. He has to concentrate. It feels a bit like diving. Like drowning.
Yet, after a short merciful interval, Sherlock can feel the familiar urge to empty himself increase. His intestines are preparing to vacate his excrements, the process being accelerated by the laxative. Only, it's impossible. There's a plug up Sherlock's rectum, and even if it wasn't, Sherlock's iron will not to defecate onto himself should be enough to ride this out! No. This is not going to happen. He desperately clenches his sphincter. The cramps return, now even worse, wrecking his bowels. It feels like his intestines are being torn to shreds while flooded with burning fluids. Sherlock imagines a mixture of acid and sharp metal shrapnel sloshing around inside himself.
John steps up behind him and carefully sets about to remove the patches. It twinges and Sherlock huffs in pain but knows better than to protest.
Eventually, however, he's clean, all come and spit washed off his body, his belly filled to bursting with salty urine. When John tells him to get up, he takes a moment, slithering and rolling around one last time, watching piss run between his spread fingers before getting to his feet. He's still wearing those black high heels, which makes it difficult to stand. Everything is slippery and Sherlock feels almost drunk, so John has to steady him. His skin is clammy, shiny with urine; it's dripping from his hair, his lashes, and his feet inside the shoes are soaked with it. He must smell disgusting. Yet he feels glorious. This is better than getting high. John grins at him.
John starts to stroke Sherlock's hard and leaking cock with one hand while he massages Sherlock's rounded belly with the other. Sherlock bucks into his fist, throwing his head back, almost sobbing with pleasure. His balls are pulled tight and the pins must hurt like hell, but he doesn't seem so care.
Sherlock smiles through a mouthful of come, mixing the ejaculate while experiencing the different flavours of each sample, just swallowing when his whole mouth is full and the goo threatens to spill over.
He stands there long minutes even after Sherlock has been carted away, leaning against the damp wall, staring at the blood still pooling on the floor.
“He looks beautiful.” Mycroft murmurs, stroking Sherlock's constricted belly that doesn't have a chance to expand, despite being so full it feels like rupturing. Mycroft even squeezes Sherlock's waist until he groans in pain, his rigid abdomen suffering under the pressure. Yet he doesn't dare to flinch, fearing throwing up the mush with the hose still down his throat. Choking on one's own vomit is a very unattractive cause of death. Sherlock knows that.
“I'll be right back.” John assures him as he gets up and walks over into the kitchen. Sherlock hears him take something from the fridge.
But as they are almost through the door, John turns around and smirks: “Just so you know, I mixed a laxative into the nutriment. Therefore, you might experience the strong urge to vacate. Let's hope the plug stays in place, otherwise you'll have a lot of cleaning up to do.”
One man finds delight in spitting into Sherlock's face. Sherlock groans as a slimy dollop drips from fat lips onto his forehead. The next drop hits him right in the eyes; the man hovering above him actually peels his eyelids back to repeat this exceptionally unpleasant experience, a fiendish grin on his face. When a calloused thumb rubs the saliva into his eyeballs Sherlock eventually tries to jerk his head away. His vision blurs further as a fist collides with his temple. The men surrounding him laugh, calling him a worthless whore again as he can feel the cock inside him filling his sore hole with another load of come.
After a few days, Sherlock has serious trouble clenching his sphincter muscles. His body starts to adjust, to transform itself. He's now quite grateful for the large plugs he has to wear.
He'd been so embarrassed that he had hidden the damp, smelly sheets until there's been an opportunity to burn them in a fireplace in one of the disused rooms. He still remembers the tingle of excitement that had come over him that night, though, knowing that he had done something filthy and forbidden.
He swipes her card through the reader and the doors swing open. Behind them lies a corridor lined with windowless doors on either sides.
John repeats the procedure on Sherlock's left arse cheek. Sherlock yells again, his breath catching in his throat. As it takes a few moments to rub the salt in, Sherlock’s agonising moans nearly drive John over the edge. He's so hard it hurts. A wet patch is showing at the front of his jeans.
He keeps Sherlock like this for a few hours longer. As a reprimand, John gives Sherlock ten strokes with a wooden paddle onto his arse before leaving him in the attic. Much worse than the beating, however, is that after a while Sherlock's legs start to cramp due to lack of fluids, yet he can't lower his body without risking ripping his piercings out. The agony increases by the minute, yet he has no choice but to suffer through it. When John eventually returns, he's a sobbing mess, his legs visibly shaking. He collapses into a sweaty heap on the floor the moment John detaches the rope from the first nipple ring. John kicks him a few times until he's at least able to scramble into a kneeling position to crawl down the stairs like a beaten dog.
Sherlock is too weak by now to fight his body's needs any longer. All he can do is breath and stay conscious. The cramps now come in waves, giving him some time to recover in between. He doesn't have much strength left. He's lost his composure together with his dignity some two hours ago. He stops watching the clock. It's no use. He's trapped in an ailing body in a world of pain.
John holds Sherlock tight that night, his arms wrapped around that lean, pale body from behind, nuzzling his nose into Sherlock's nape, inhaling his unique scent (spicy, chemical, fresh sweat, rosin, stale tobacco, black coffee). His hair is soft and downy there, almost like a child's. Sherlock is dead to the world, and this time it's for John to lie awake until the small hours, drifting, apprehensive, gloomy. He knows his time is almost up.
Sherlock gets it, whimpering in a needy tone: “Oh god, John, you are so big. This feels so good. I’ve never done this before. I’ve waited for you. You are my first. I love your cock. Show me how good this can feel. All I want is to ride your fat cock.” He still sore from the clothes pins; the pained little gasps he’s making are not entirely faked.
Finally, John starts to coat his whole cock in hot red wax. Sherlock moans in agony as the scalding liquid hits his sensitive flesh. Whereas it had been just drops before John now generously pours it all over him. Sherlock's muffled cries fill the room.
Sherlock is suddenly sure that he's in trouble. This is not one of their games. John is deeply hurt.
Sherlock huffs with disappointment but sits down on his hunches. John hugs him tightly around the middle, pressing his hot face between Sherlock's shoulder blades.
“Oh, wait, should I ring for tea?” Mycroft offers after he's taken a small sip of his drink. “And cake. I think we have something to celebrate today.” John agrees, a smirk lighting up his face.
John leaves the connecting door open so Sherlock can hear him. He curls into himself on the bed, wrapping his arms tightly around his torso, mimicking John's touch, rocking back and forth to ground himself.
The next day, they linger in bed, just kissing, touching. Sherlock is unusually clingy, his sore body in dire need of affection John quite willingly supplies. As his hands stroke over Sherlock's bruises from last night, he swallows hard. There's a large purple mark on Sherlock's waist, his knees are dotted a greenish yellow and his face is still a little puffy from all the crying and slapping.
“Shall we send this to your brother, hm? Would you like to show him what a dirty comeslut you've become?”
Cold metal teeth scrape down Sherlock's back. A small cultivator with three tines that make Sherlock's skin tingle. John doesn't press hard enough to tear his back open, but Sherlock is sure that the tool leaves angry red marks.
When he’s finished, Mark greedily wraps his shaking hands around John’s neglected cock and takes it into his mouth. He’s still riding out his aftershocks as he sucks John off, his head bobbing up and down John’s thick shaft. Sherlock stares up at them, unable to do anything but look, and the frustration is almost killing him.
If Sherlock had some stomach content left, he'd surely have brought it up by then. As it is, he just dry-heaves, but the choking sounds escaping his mouth are muffled by necrotic skin.
John clears his throat and is glad when Sherlock’s father turns and carefully clambers down the ladder again. In an old suitcase, he eventually finds shabby black jeans and a few black long-sleeves that still could fit. They smell faintly of mould but will have to do.
... yes, that's why he has to restrain himself. If he ever wants Sherlock to experience the anguish and shock of being opened up by a metal speculum again he has to postpone the brutal fucking that is on the forefront of his foggy mind.
“Hello, Molly. How was lunch?” Jim asks in the most jovial tone as he takes yet another step towards the door.
“Welcome back, Sherlock. I see you are finally getting in the mood.” The voice comes from somewhere to his right, and Sherlock turns his head to locate Moriarty.
The beating that follows is quite severe. Sherlock has to bite down hard onto his forearm as not to scream in pain. He ends up with a cut to his left eyebrow, a split lip and numerous dark bruises covering his back, arms and thighs. Yet he manages to stay silent while John is ranting under his breath, calling Sherlock useless, hopeless, a wimpy sissy, a disgrace, unworthy of John's time and efforts.
Sacker stepped onto the stage only a couple months prior, incidentally shortly after John Watson had dropped from the face of the earth. Though he seems to have been around for some time – at least since 2010 – any tangible, traceable record of him stems from this year only.
The smell of blood, piss and shit is nauseating. There's a big rusty pool on the floor beneath the cross, and the ceiling is splattered with dark red traces. John is reminded of scenes he witnessed far away a lifetime ago under a desert sun and has to swallow hard while breathing through his nose. Donovan remains standing by the door, looking slightly sick.
Sherlock willingly obeys as John uses the tape to tie his wrists and ankles to the armrests and legs of the chair, wrapping Sherlock's clothed forearms and calves in sticky black plastic until he can't move them anymore. Finally, a strip of tape is put over Sherlock's mouth. Only then does John open Sherlock's fly and fumbles with his pants until his hard, leaking cock juts free. When John starts to slowly stroke it Sherlock's eyes almost roll back in his head.
He does it for Molly. He does it for Mycroft. He does it for John – though he hopes no one will ever find out to what length exactly he went to protect them, to save them.
Which is evident by the people occupying it. Sherlock tries not to stare, but it's hard. It's not crowded, yet there are people engaged in all sorts of activities. On his left, a young man in small rubber shorts and nothing else is made to drink from an obviously blocked urinal. He doesn't seem too willing, for the man behind him is beating him with a short cane while holding him by the hair, pressing his face again and again into the dark yellow swill, shouting insults while others surrounding them watch. Sherlock hears them yell 'Drecksau', 'dummes Schwein' and ''Pissnelke and guesses that this might be a punishment of some sorts.
“Get back on the bed.” Sherlock swallows once before lying down onto his stomach, hands grabbing the headboard, legs slightly spread.
Sherlock still refuses as a familiar anticipatory tingle lodges deep in his belly. John grabs his hair as he tries to turn away.
Upon returning to the bedroom, Mycroft has laid some clothes out for him to wear. At least Sherlock supposes they are for him: a black latex corset, black latex stockings, long black latex gloves, black high heels and a high black latex collar with a lace-up back.
“Yes, please, Oh god, John, please…” Sherlock mumbles into the carpet. However, he senses that John wants to hear more, and by now he knows what is expected from him. “Please, use me, use my hole. Fill me up with your hot piss, John.”
Their moaning and Sherlock's choking and spluttering almost drowns out Sherlock's phone. As it doesn't stop ringing, John finally reaches out to answer, buried deep in Sherlock's mouth.
Sherlock looks totally wrecked when they reach sixty-five. His grip on John's cock tightens, then goes almost limp. His own cock protrudes aggressively, violet and positively dripping on his thighs.
When he’s unwrapped, John helps him sit up, massaging his arms, legs and back. Sherlock’s hard cock juts out in front of him, leaking and almost purple with arousal, his balls already tight against his body. It’s so sensitive that every move hurts yet the cock ring prevents him from ejaculating. Adding to his agony, the plug up his arse makes sitting rather uncomfortable. It's so big that it causes Sherlock's abdominal muscles to cramp. He feels literally stuffed.
“I fear this will be hard work, Sherlock. Really hard work, for both of us.” John sighs. “So, I give you ten minutes to come up with a suitable punishment. I'll be in the kitchen, having a cuppa. When I return I want you to be ready to tell me what you deserve for your disobedience.”
“You had your chance, Sherlock. I was very patient with you. Don’t think I enjoy having to do this to you. But you left me no choice.” It's a lie and they both know it. John loves this.
Sherlock whines but nods. Sweat runs down his face, burning in his eyes. John strolls over to the sink and fills another mug before emptying it in the bucket. Sherlock makes a noise between discomfort and pleasure as the weight is raised even more, staring down at his chest. Blood wells from his right nipple, dripping onto the floor. He moans and stills, watching the crimson drop slither over the light grey linoleum. Time stands still. Everything stops. All is quiet.
“Do you remember that I want to put my whole fist inside you?” John's voice is dark and smooth, promising sweet agony.
“That's it, come on, fuck me with your clever tongue.” Lestrade encourages him, and Sherlock does, pushing the tip in, slowly loosening Greg up. It tastes fabulously - musky, sweaty, dirty – as Sherlock licks deeper and deeper inside Greg, who is almost shouting with pleasure by now.
Mycroft gets up and walks over into the sitting room again, not bothering to look if John's following. As he opens the door, noisy laughter floods the hall. Most of the men have shed their jackets. All are nursing drinks. Champagne bottles have been opened, Vodka shots making the rounds.
Blood starts to spurt from his neck where the scalpel has opened the jugular vein, a crimson spray even hitting the ceiling. Molly dashes forward and squats down next to the twitching body, pressing her hands down onto the man's throat, but John can't be arsed.
“Anderson. As in Philip Anderson?” John asks incredulous, jerking his head back. “But he hates you.”
When Lestrade finally decides to remove the plug, he orders Sherlock to hold himself open. Sherlock grabs his still crimson arse cheeks with shaking hands, exposing his gaping hole. His left hand throbs in pain but he ignores it, riding high on endorphins.
“Liar!” Moriarty's hand clamps down on his throat again, effectively blocking Sherlock's windpipe. He instinctively wants to thrash but can only fidget helplessly. “Don't lie to me, Sherlock. Never lie to me!” It's a dangerous, almost frantic whisper. Sherlock's mouth opens and closes but no sound escapes. He registers with shame that he's getting hard.
Sherlock swallows, standing rigid in the middle of the room while blunt hands touch his body. He has no illusions who's behind that warrant. Neither has he any doubt what will await him should his brother get him extradited. It'll surely be worse than letting this policeman have his way with him. He has no time right now to wonder how Mycroft conceived the idea to issue such a warrant. This will have to wait for later.
“Thank you.” Sherlock blows on it before taking a gulp of the scalding brew just to have something to do with his hands and mouth. John is still standing in front of him and, after Sherlock has drained his cup almost in one go, takes it from him and touches his thumb to Sherlock's lower lip. There's still the small abrasion from when John pinned Sherlock to the floor the other day and John caresses it before pushing his thumb inside Sherlock's mouth.
“Just say it.” Yet John doesn't feel as calm as he pretends. In fact, an ice-cold fear spreads in his stomach. Sherlock never instigates such talks. Relationship-talks.
Kate's lips greedily close around the head of John's thick erection. John holds her there for a moment before shoving her head down his shaft until her nose is buried in his pubic hair. She chokes a bit but adjusts her throat willingly to John's massive cock.
Sherlock shoots his load all over John's chest and is happy when allowed to lick it up. Afterwards, John hoses him down in the bathroom, putting Sherlock under the ice cold spray of the shower until his threaded lips turn blue. The water, despite being so very cold, burns on his over-sensitive skin. It feels like being flayed.
The plug stays up Sherlock all evening as they sit on the sofa, kissing, holding each other, and every time John wants to look at him Sherlock bends over and shows John how open he is for him.
Sherlock's sensuous groan turns into a sharp gasp as John's pelvis brushes his arse cheeks. John starts to rub himself against Sherlock, who makes a sound between a moan and a sob, agony and arousal mixing into one intoxicating experience of blinding bliss.
Now, he can feel his neck hurt and stiffen. His shoulders are tense and his abdominal muscles quiver. Yet he keeps his pace, fucking John deep and slow, eyes open, watching John fist his hard, glistening shaft, precome dripping down over his fingers as his cockhead emerges ever so often from the tunnel of his balled fingers.
Sherlock only returns the next morning, tired, feeling filthy and raw from the cold and too much cigarettes. He faceplants into bed next to John and stays there, almost unconscious, until the afternoon. After a quick shower, he's back on the streets, hanging out in illegal East End clubs, by the river, in squats in Rotherhithe over the next few nights. John rarely sees him face to face. Their only mode of conversation are quick, hushed phone calls and short text messages, stating Sherlock's current whereabouts.
Meanwhile, Acri has bend the fourth boy over the chest of drawers and is fucking him hard, slapping his arse now and then and calling him “fica” and “cagna”. Deep moans and sharp cries fill the room, mingling with the smell of sex, sweat and lube.
“Odd.” It's the truth, it's not unpleasant, just strange. Sherlock can see his belly swell as his bowels are filled with water.
“Spread your cheeks. Show me your hole.” Sherlock had hoped it would be over but apparently, the Commissario has other ideas. So he does as he’s told and pulls his cheeks apart to expose his sore anus.
“As I said, even Sherlock has the obligation to work for the benefit of the realm. If he doesn't do it as a detective, he still can do it in another capacity. Just think about the potential use of the footage we can obtain from those sessions. We'll have every participant in our pockets.” Mycroft’s eyes shine bright at those future prospects.
The room tilts. This is not enough. John needs more. He has to feel Sherlock, crawl inside him, own him again. He quickly pulls the knife down his palm and presses the bleeding laceration over Sherlock's mouth, who sucks obediently for a long minute until John drags his hand all over his face and down his chest, painting him with the most precious, intimate fluid he has to offer.
And Sherlock does. Apparently, the boy hadn't been allowed to come for over a week, so it's quite a load he shoots onto the tiles. Sherlock wants to press his face into it, smear it all over his skin, wallow in it, but John only allows him to lap it up. He brings his tongue out again and again, licking up the sticky mess until the tiles are clean again.
Before he can come, however, John replaces the spider gag with the double-dildo. But he inserts it the other way round, with the longer part down Sherlock's throat. Sherlock chokes and gags as John forces it inside his mouth. It's nearly too much, yet he takes it, lets John push it deep inside him and strap it around his head. John makes him wear this harness for the rest of the day, a short black rubber cock protruding from his mouth while the much longer part impales and fills his throat.
“God, you have a lovely arse.” John sighs as his hands leave Sherlock's buttocks. “Don't drop those chestnuts.”
They don't take a cab but catch a train to Friedrichshain. The flat is located near Boxhagener Platz. During their journey, they chat about nothing in particular. Sherlock points out the odd sight but seems to grow more and more restless, fidgeting in his seat. John can't suppress a smirk as Sherlock crosses and uncrosses his legs while a light flush creeps down his throat.
Sherlock can only groan in response. John grins as he manoeuvrers around to stand in front of his exhausted lover. His cock is suddenly only inches away from Sherlock's willing mouth. It looks just as Sherlock has imagined it, hard, wet, plump and glistening, the foreskin retracted, the slit a little open and red, jerking visibly in front of Sherlock's face.
“Now, look at you, shaking like a newborn foal. I would let you up, you know, but I fear you could stumble and fall. Might ruin your looks.”
When John wakes the next morning, Sherlock has already left the bed. John finds him in the kitchen, on his phone, stirring sugar in his tea, just wearing his blue silk dressing gown. It falls open as Sherlock turns to walk off into the living room, and John can see black and purple bruises on this torso and thighs from the beating he took last night. The swelling on his eye has receded but he still looks as if he's been in a fight. There's also a slight limp to his movements; he must still be sore from being roughly fucked by four man merely 12 hours ago.
As Sherlock's tongue presses into the boys arsehole again, it twitches a little. “Easy.” Acri says, and then, to John: “Quite the comewhore you have there. Come on, give it to him.” Sherlock groans as come spurts form the boys arse directly into his mouth. He pulls back a little so John and Acri can watch.
Up in the studio, as John has come to call Mycroft's play area, he lets Sherlock browse through the toys. John allows him to select things he wants to try and have used on himself, as a reward for making it through his first week of serious training.
Suddenly, John is stiffening, his cock swelling against Sherlock's skull where his skin is stretched tight over his zygomatic arch. Hot wetness spills over his temple, soaking his hair. Sherlock makes a small needy sound, opening his mouth in hope to catch some of John's release. Instead, come trickles into his left eye and he has to blink a few times, his eyelashes sticky with ejaculate.
“Let me slick you up.” John mumbles, fetching the lube from the bedside cabinet. Sherlock can do nothing but watch as John pushes the tip of his index finger inside Mark's hole, carefully circling a little before sliding in deeper. The man above him groans and leans forward to improve the angle of penetration.
“You're so open, so wet. It's like screwing a cunt.” John tells him as his hand blurs on his cock. Forcefully, he pushes in, deep, so deep – and keeps it there, the base rubbing painfully hard against Sherlock's sore rim and perineum. He can feel his prostate being stimulated by it from the outside, and the pressure is so delicious that Sherlock's hips jerk and stutter in a fruitless attempt to climax. A sharp, frustrated whimper is drawn from him. He needs to come, his bollocks ache and tingle, but it's impossible and that nearly drives him mad.
Sherlock does as he's told. John follows a few minutes later with a transparent plastic bag, a role of gaffer tape and a pair of bandage scissors in his hands.
After some long minutes, they finally stir. John carefully peels the wax from Sherlock's eyelids, bows down and kisses him softly, just on the corner of his bruised mouth, wrapping his arms around his still trembling torso. Later, he runs a bath for both of them – more snogging ensues while he gently soaps Sherlock's exhausted body – before he assembles some kind of improvised midnight supper (cheese, cookies, apples cut in slices, a shared bottle of beer). They eat while leaning naked at the kitchen counter, stealing kisses in between, John feeding Sherlock apple slices while Sherlock tries to catch John's fingers between his still swollen lips.
Well, improvise, Watson. Make do. Sherlock needs to eat, especially after last night and weeks on nothing else than nutrient gels and protein shakes. Otherwise he might pass out during a session due to low blood sugar.
Sherlock is too keyed up to rest. He can feel his own piss slosh around in the bag. It's a lot, running down his legs, pooling beneath him, riding slowly up his back until his whole body is soaking in it. It's getting cold, but the idea of being forced to lie in his own urine indefinitely arouses him immensely; being unable to move, to clean himself up...
“Don't move.” Mycroft says, removing his fingers. Sherlock's hole gapes for a moment, staying open before slowly fluttering close around John's cock again. Mycroft growls.
Mycroft laughs. It's a disconcerting noise. “You seriously think you are in a position to threaten me, John? Sherlock, stop this nonsense. Get in the car, we are leaving.”
Sherlock has difficulty breathing but doesn't care. All he wants is John's taste on his tongue as he licks deep inside his hole. This is so unbelievable good. He loves it. John is panting, giving Sherlock directions: “That's it. Push in. Deeper. Come on, you can go deeper. Now lick. Suck!” Sherlock grunts, slobbers and moans, happy to be allowed to service John in this especially lewd way.
“God, Sir, please, Sir... I'm coming, please...” Sherlock whimpers, literally humping the desk as Greg extracts the toy, stopping when the widest part is stretching Sherlock obscenely and rather painfully. Greg's index finger strokes over Sherlock's rim, pulled taught around the black rubber, and Sherlock's hole starts to flutter as he can't hold on any longer, coming onto the table with a rough, bitten off cry.
The upper half of the cupboard is devoted to an assortment of different canes and crops, neatly hanging on hooks. The lower half is made of drawers. Mycroft opens the second one from above and looks inside, his face frowning in concentration. His hand wavers before it delves in and comes up with a heavy looking silver chain. Sherlock stares, licking his lips.
“Don't worry. Just stay like this. Please.” John leans back, and Sherlock can hear the rustle of fabric as John quickly sheds his clothes. Then his naked warm body covers Sherlock's back as John presses hot, open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock's sweaty neck and shoulders, licking, tasting salt. His cock presses against Sherlock's bony hip as he moves against him, smearing Sherlock's skin with sticky precome. Sherlock is sobbing with relieve, adjusting to the stretch, gaping, vulnerable, at John's mercy.
Mycroft's hand leaves Sherlock's face and adjusts a bright lamp, almost blinding Sherlock and forcing him to close his eyes, as John starts to insert the rubber hose.
Sherlock shuffles behind him, pushing up into a half-sitting position, staring glassy-eyed up at Molly.
John has brought a backpack with him that he opens after a look at his watch. It must be around seven by now. The park closed at six thirty. Finally, they are ready to begin.
“I can think of one or two ways to make you focus on the task at hand.” John mumbles as his grip tightens almost painfully in Sherlock's curls. “Just let's get back to London.”
“Is that so? I thought that was London?” John asks, pulling a grey sweatshirt over his head. Sherlock stares at him, a little unfocused, before he shakes his head as if to come back to his senses.
While they drive through the night, Sherlock starts to nod off on the passenger seat. At least John thinks (and hopes) so, as Sherlock's eyes are closed and his breathing has evened out. John knows that it's adamant to take a look at him and his injuries, but he also knows that they have to get as far away as possible from Mycroft and his cronies as fast as they can. Stopping and tending to Sherlock's wounds in the middle of the Sussex countryside is just not an option right now. Besides, the ketamine will make him tired and help him to relax as well as sooth the pain. It's all John can offer him at the moment.
“Because…” Sherlock coughs. His jaw hurts and his throat feels like sandpaper. “Because that’s what I’m here for. That’s for me.” Sherlock mumbles, staring at the duvet.
Eventually, the brush is taken from his mouth. He babbles, thanking John, promising obedience, promising to be good. John stops him by washing his mouth and then forcing him to drown glass after glass of cold water until his belly is visibly swollen.
When was the last time he spilled his load inside Sherlock? He can't remember, the last week has been too insane. God, he'd missed this.
The boy leans in and sucks on Sherlock's tongue, who arches up into the motion, opening wide, taking everything that's on offer. His cock and balls are burning by now and he feels he might come despite the device locking him in.
“You can put me into chastity. Just let me get up and out of here for a while. My cock feels positively chafed.”
Sherlock's neglected cock has turned a dark shade of purple by now and is leaking even more copiously. It has much the same colour as the shirt he's still wearing, which is soaked up to his navel in sticky pre-come. As John gently starts to roll Sherlock's balls in his free hand Sherlock hisses as if in pain. Well, he probably is.
“Hello, little brother.” Mycroft hums, while John walks over to him and strokes his face, his hair, his shoulders. “How was the experience? It looked quite intense.”
“Did he...”, John has to swallow hard before he is able to continue. “Did he touch you? I mean, did he... Oh, god, Sherlock, did he violate you?” John is ashamed that he can't bring himself to ask more precisely, but the words die in his mouth, crumbling to ash.
Suddenly, John has an idea. “Clench your legs like the shy little virgin you are, slut.” John growls. “I’m going to give you my big, fat cock now.” When Sherlock doesn't react immediately, John slaps him hard on his left hip. Sherlock quickly presses his thighs together and hooks his ankles.
“Ok.” John looks pleased. “You might already have deduced that I'm into medical play. And watersports. As I told you, you will get stretched over the next few weeks. Those devices you have seen are only the small ones. I really have a size kink. I want to be able to put my fist inside you.”
“What?” He blinks rapidly for a few times, trying to focus on John as if seeing him for the first time today.
Despite John going slow, it doesn't take long. Sherlock is too exhausted to keep it in any longer, and John, for once, won't drag it out beyond what Sherlock can bear. The man needs some rest after all he's been through, as well as some tender caresses and aftercare.
At this prospect, Greg starts to thrust rhythmically, setting a quick pace. It feels like Sherlock might be split in half as Greg ruthlessly pounds into his willing but not quite adjusted body. John watches the scene, palming his rapidly hardening cock through his jeans.
After pulling out, John first removes the earplugs and the blindfold before pulling Sherlock up, relieving him from chains and clamps, leaving only the collar in place. Sherlock's eyes have trouble focusing after having been allowed to come twice today, and he needs a moment before John can send him to the bathroom to get warm water and a flannel. When he returns on still slightly weak legs, John cleans him up carefully and applies soothing ointment before taking him to bed. He places Sherlock's head low on his belly and lets him rest there. Sherlock falls asleep while nuzzling into John's groin.
