He was right. The body hadn’t looked right,
He knew the answer was yes.
, he didn’t say aloud.
Dean scanned both articles, and felt his eyes widening. “They’re… the same address?”
“On Grindr.”
“Just means they can’t rule out the idea they were drained after they were killed,” Dean explained, and ignored the horrified expression on both Davis’s and Paxton’s faces. “Any info in those reports about samples taken from their clothes? Traces of river water? Because the body I’m looking at right now is bone dry.”
you, man,” he replied with an unattractive snort.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded. “A couple girls, early on, but mostly guys now.”
the problem, Dean?”
With shaking hands, he forced himself to move. If he kept moving, he didn’t have to think about what he’d just done. He could ignore the twinge in his ass as he reached for the shampoo, and the twitch in his cock as he soaped his body. He ignored the quiver of his thighs when he climbed from the shower and quickly towelled himself dry – ignored how constricted he felt when he pulled on a pair of briefs and sweatpants and an old, ratty t-shirt – and he
He demonstrated, shuffling the balls around until the black ball was safely nestled in the middle of the third row. Satisfied, he pulled the triangle away and set it down on the table by his beer.
When Dean was 14 years old, John had dropped him and Sammy off at Bobby’s house and disappeared on a hunt for close to three months. Dean had begged to go with him, had been on hunts before and was desperate to prove himself further, but John had simply dragged him from the car by the scruff of his neck and deposited him on Bobby’s porch before driving away without a word.
“Gabriel?” he yelled into thin air, even going so far as to stumble up and check his wardrobe, because there was no way this could be anything other than one of his tricks. There was no way that was
“No, Sammy, c’mon,” Dean replied, and childishly slapped the book out of his hand again. “Cas fucks, fine, whatever, but you can’t think he knew this guy was filming him, right? And to upload it to a porn site? It’s… it’s amoral. It’s sick; we have to –“
He took a step up onto the porch and it creaked loudly underfoot. Cas winced; any element of surprise they might have had just disappeared in the blink of an eye. Dean drew his gun from the back of his pants as he took another tentative step towards the door – the element of surprise was gone, sure, but it was still pretty hard to argue with the nose of a gun pointed your way.
Just not beautiful enough.
Beneath the once-borrowed meat suit and the bitchy sarcasm lived a creature so fundamentally
touch him,” Dean snarled. “I swear to god –“
Sam still seemed highly amused, because he let out a surprised laugh that echoed through the whole library.
“But if the witch isn’t there anymore to set it straight?” Dean dared to ask.
“I’m gonna do a food run,” he announced afterwards. “If I take a shower first I don’t think I’ll have the energy, and I’m starving.”
“I don’t know,” Dean replied, and found himself grinning even though his hands were still trembling a little. “People like dogs, man. I think they’re just supposed to make you feel good, y’know? Not prescribe Xanax.”
powerful magic, but he didn’t know enough about how any of it worked to be able to piece the clues together.
He immediately regretted saying that, because suddenly the full weight of Castiel’s gaze was directed solely at him, and it was
With both hands full and unable to balance him, it was harder for Dean to scramble back up the tunnel, but he persisted, and found he breathed a little easier as he pushed himself through the mouth of the hole and stumbled back out into the fresh air. Miraculously, the egg was still intact. He handed it to Paxton, who took it with reverent fingers and held it up to the light to better see it from all angles.
“Oh, the things I could do to him,” the stranger purred. “What a treat, to have an
He couldn’t think of a monster that would drain a human to the point of near dust. Vampires and Djinn stopped drinking once a person was dead – vampires, because of their reaction to dead man’s blood, and Djinn because… he wasn’t entirely sure, but it had to be for similar reasons, right? Maybe it tasted different, like milk after it had gone bad. What he did know was that humans died from blood loss
“Dude, the way he’s looking at you?” he found himself saying regardless, and risked knocking him gently on the shoulder. “I figure you’ve got two options. One, we can finish the game and call it an early night. Not like we can really do anything until we hear back from Rowena, anyway.
Instead, Cas’s eyes went to the floor and he sighed, letting his arms drop back to his sides.
Possibly the most beautiful human being Dean had ever laid eyes on, regardless of gender, but that was beside the point. It wasn’t – he wasn’t
“I’m sure we could have figured this out much quicker together,” Cas replied with a straightforward sincerity that made Dean’s head spin a little. “But I’m glad you’re feeling better.”
It was just… a little hard to trust in it all.
to reach out and pull Cas towards him, wrap him up in his arms and never let go, and it struck him all over again how terribly, devastatingly stupid he had been – how stupid he was
“Out of cell range, I guess,” he huffed. “Why, the Wendigo case go sour? Or you just miss me?”
“You noticed it, too, huh?”
“Alright, alright, laugh it up all you want,” Emmie tutted, but she had been smiling shyly all the while. “You’re all just jealous.”
As he passed her, Dean realised for the first time that Paxton was just his usual type. A little younger than him, maybe, but not too much so. Petite,
with that,” Sam tutted. “So, it’s offering a trade?”
Dean dropped Cas off at the local hospital with strict instructions to call him if anything felt even remotely untoward, and then hopped on the highway. The drive was supposed to take around forty minutes, but Dean did it in thirty, hitting the gas as soon as he realised how empty it was. Miles of open land fell away, replaced by thick forestry that seemed to soak up any sound the car made, and he wound the window down, taking in the fresh scent of evergreens, relishing in the cool breeze.
. The reassurance seemed to solidify something in Cas, though, because he took a fortifying breath and nodded his head, reaching out to clasp Dean on the shoulder.
Dean’s mouth went a little dry.
“Did you know he filmed it?” he asked instead, voice softer than even he had anticipated. “Because he shouldn’t have posted it, Cas – you know that, right? Not without your permission, and definitely not –“
,” Sam advised, then, “You want me to drive down?”
. His tie was around his neck, but he hadn’t knotted it; it hung, creased, against his chest.
Because if he didn’t know better, eyes raking over the dusting of stubble and piercingly blue eyes just about distinguishable from between the Bottom’s legs, he’d say the Top looked like
He was still perched on the end of the bed, hunched over his makeshift research station, with a phone pressed to his ear. Dean couldn’t quite tell who he was speaking to, but he was using the
Dean clicked on the video. He also realised, as he waited for the page to buffer (damn bunker wifi) that it probably wasn’t a good idea to do this in the kitchen. Dropping his sandwich back onto his plate, he kicked his chair out from under him and stood, scooping the laptop up with him. His jeans felt a little too tight around the crotch, but he managed to ignore it long enough to get back to his room and lock the door.
The officer didn’t look convinced, but she didn’t question him further. “Well, you’re just in time – couple of kids staying at the campsite found another one this morning.”
“She was looking at you like she wanted to
Dean forgot, sometimes, that Cas could sense things in a way he couldn’t. He could only imagine the kind of signals this room must be giving out, and shuddered all over again at the thought. He didn’t have any kind of angel mojo, and even
Dean couldn’t help the snort that escaped him, because
Dean jerked his head up, arms automatically wrapping tighter around Cas’s shaking form even though he gasped softly into the side of his neck, and barely bit down the overwhelming swell of anger that surged in his chest when the creature stepped from the darkened hallway into the room with them and snapped a phrase in a language Dean didn’t know.
with Cas.
“This place seem a little… too clean to you?” he muttered, tailing Cas through a door that led to the kitchen. It was a little dated, like all mid-century houses were, but spotless in a way that even lived-in houses usually weren’t.
not to accidentally overestimate his power.
“Perhaps not, if the victims were enchanted in some way,” Cas reasoned, and then tilted his head to the side. “Though, I agree with you – it seems much more likely the victims were killed elsewhere and simply… deposited by the creek in an attempt to fool us.”
Dean had done as instructed, scooping up the alcohol and following behind the girls into the backyard. The beer he’d shared sat warmly in his gut, not enough to make him feel drunk, but relaxed in a way he hadn’t been for an exceptionally long time. The early evening air was already brisk, and Dean dropped his treasures onto a nearby table so he could help the girls figure out the firepit down at the end of the yard. They managed it after a few moments of struggling, and were all chuckling at themselves by the time they’d finally got it lit. Dean felt light, almost buoyant, in the company of his friends, and marvelled at the idea that his company made them feel the same.
“He knows,” Dean replied, voice more confident than he felt. “I don’t need to tell him.”
“That’s not true,” Dean replied instantly, and only really thought about what he’d said after the fact. “I mean… you’re – you’ll do just fine.”
“Sure,” he agreed. “That bar we parked by was advertising burgers – let’s go.”
think about how well they fit together.
He was still trying to find a comfortable position when Cas wandered over to him, a beer in each hand. He passed one to Dean and took the seat opposite him, returning Dean’s frown as he shifted on the cheap material.
done for Cas. How was he supposed to put all that into words? He barely understood it, half of the time, so how could Sam expect him to be capable of verbalising it? Sam
It was Cas’s trench coat.
Except the way Sam had started looking at him made him think that maybe he was suspecting something to the contrary. Worse, he seemed
But, of course, Sam couldn’t hear him, either. With a frustrated sigh, Dean tried the door handle – locked, naturally. Not really sure what else to do, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and speed-dialled Cas. It rang for just a little too long, but eventually connected.
He stopped himself before he started to spiral somewhere out of his control. Castiel was a grown-up – he could go ahead and fall in love with whoever he wanted to. It wasn’t like Dean could
“So, the case,” Dean cleared his throat, not even bothering to hide the fact that he was sidestepping Sam’s question. “It’s a real puzzler.”
The sheriff had enough presence of mind to shoo the gaggle of rangers and officers surrounding them away, and they all slunk back to whatever it was that they were supposed to be doing.
“Cas?” he murmured, reaching out to cup his cheeks.
“Hey,” he croaked, aware he was staring. “You, um… you’ve got a little something –“
“Um -?”
, he was an idiot.
It was Cas’s voice, gravelly, unmistakable even honeyed by lust, and Dean had thought, in his pleasure-fogged brain, that his mind had conjured it up in the wake of his fantasy and impending orgasm. But as his shaking fingers pressed the rewind button, as he truly looked at the men on the screen, he realised it had all been real.
, I know that – but it’s all striking in the same area. Grass is scorched, trees are coming down… it’s almost like the storms are homing in on something.”
seen an egg like this before,” she murmured, eyes transfixed on its smooth surface. “I can’t think of anything around here that would be big enough to lay something like this.”
“You’re on Grindr?” he asked, because,
It was just a little hard to process, was all.
as what the frozen guys on his screen were about to get up to.
“My dad says I can’t legally –“
“I – wait,
Pulling himself up, he swung his legs over the side of the bed and, reluctantly peeling Cas’s coat away from him, he shifted until he was perched on the end of the bed beside him. He’d been working hard, Dean realised, as he looked over the stacks of paperwork with Cas’s chicken scratch handwriting scrawled all over it. He’d propped Dean’s laptop open, too, on what looked like an old newspaper scan. There were at least four other tabs open with similar-looking links.
being.
He refused to admit he was pouting when he pulled his phone out of his pocket, because pouting was for teenage girls. Rowena hadn’t messaged him back, which he had kind of expected, but he did have a missed call from Sam that he hadn’t heard over the noise of the bar. Leaving the rest of his beer (and forcing himself not to glance over at the bar for his sanity’s sake), he grabbed his phone and ducked out of the door, telling himself it was for better reception and listening purposes. If, when he was outside, he decided to lean against the nearest wall and force himself to breathe for a couple of minutes, well… nobody was watching him. It was fine.
“A video?” Cas repeated, leaning further over Dean’s shoulder to take a better look at the incriminating evidence on his laptop. “What kind of –
Shaking his head in disbelief – because how was this his life? – Dean rolled back over and very pointedly closed his eyes (though he doubted he would be sleeping any time soon, thanks to Cas). The room settled back into silence, save for the occasional crack of thunder off in the distance, and for a moment Dean thought maybe Cas really had done as he was told and turned the damn thing off. He breathed a little easier, let his body go a little limper, only to immediately tense again when another alert chirped soon afterwards, swiftly followed by a sharp intake of breath.
The wardrobe was empty, and there were no hex bags under his bed, either. He scanned the room, feeling insane, and then dropped heavily back onto the end of his bed. The video was still playing, and he paused it, decidedly
“The internet seems split on a definitive definition,” Cas hummed, once again staring down at his phone.
Cas snorted, but he was already reaching for his coat.
him?”
Lilah passed them both a new drink, something that tasted like paint stripper smelled, but said nothing about the seating arrangement as she found her own seat and said, “Okay, Emmie, truth – do you have a crush on Scotty Dreyfuss?”
in love with Cas.
He’d have to talk to Cas about it, see if he had any insight. And while he was thinking about it, there was still the matter of Cas to deal with, too. He wasn’t sure that a single conversation had changed whatever was going on in the guy’s head, but it was a start. At least Dean understood the drive a little more, if not the reason. Though, he supposed, it was pretty easy to confuse one feeling for another, especially when sex was involved – especially when you were new to feeling anything
“You still have to be careful,” Sam warned him once he was done. “Cas is an angel, and it still managed to snag him; we don’t know if those sigils will be strong enough to hold it back.”
“It’s on the other side of the river,” she replied. “Just under the bluffs. It’ll be… a bit of a hike.”
was what Cas was worried about? He was a better friend than Dean, that was for sure; met with the choice between a near-sure thing with possibly the most attractive person in the entire world and finishing a crummy game of pool, and he was actually
“That
until the whole door was ripped from its hinges.
Something in his expression must have revealed his indignation, however, because Sasha (Shannon?) was quick to add, “But we don’t have to do anything that would make you uncomfortable.”
“Your messages?” Dean asked, right before he
“You said she wasn’t married?”
A door was set into the side of the stairs, obviously leading to a cupboard or basement. That in itself wasn’t all that strange, but the large Enochian symbol painted in the middle certainly was, and so were the three separate padlocks sealing the door closed.
Out of control, like Sam being possessed by Gadreel. Like Metatron, and the Mark of Cain, and dying –
Bobby had routinely stocked their first aid kit, and with him gone it had been sadly wanting for a long time. One of the best gifts Bobby had ever given them was the tube in Dean’s hand – a numbing antiseptic gel that
Piercing eyes that were still gazing hungrily at Cas.
“The need to protect, and hold, and sooth,” Cas continued, and his cheeks were flushed as though he were embarrassed by the admission. “But many of my partners have been… less than amenable to the suggestion.”
“Too risky to lure each victim down to the creek, being so close to the campground,” he hummed, spouting his thoughts aloud. “There would have been blood traces, right? DNA? Evidence of a fight, maybe?”
“You should get under the covers, Dean,” Cas muttered a few moments later, because he always seemed to know exactly what Dean was thinking even though he
He wasn’t gay, but… he certainly wasn’t entirely straight, either.
Dean found himself shrugging one shoulder, and let a tired sigh fall from his lips. “My initial thought was burn the whole thing to the ground. It’s abandoned, right, and it’d probably take down any object Gloria could be attached to, if she’s a ghost. But…”
Dean raised his own arms above his head, and though his back twinged, Sam didn’t seem to notice. He even did a little jig to prove he was okay, and Sam nodded his head with a huff of laughter.
Cas was his friend – his absolute best friend in the entire world – and he was struggling with his own shit. Dean knew he could be a selfish bastard, but even
It was… kind of hot.
“I love it out here,” Paxton murmured, almost as though she had been reading his mind. “The campsite’s always busy, even out of season, but out here? You could go a full day and not see another soul. It’s peaceful.”
Cas looked taken aback for a moment, but didn’t let go of Dean’s hand. Bolstered by that, he pulled Cas over to the table, and only let go when he had to put his beer down and pull down a couple of cues from the wall. He missed the warmth immediately.
They weren’t.
He felt, rather than saw, when Cas stilled on the bed beside him. Only half awake, he found himself frowning, but after a long second he felt the mattress move and the covers shift, and then there was a warm body pressed close against his. If he had been more awake, he probably would have panicked. As it was, however, he just let out another contented sigh and settled back against the rigid warmth at his side. He floated for a little while, caught somewhere deep between sleep and waking, until a sound dragged him up towards the surface. Blinking his weary eyes open, he rolled and then squinted at the light still coming from Cas’s phone.
There's also an instance of verbal abuse of a child that includes a homophobic slur, as well as mentions of physical abuse. If that's something that might trigger you, maybe skip the last 500 words. #JohnWinchesterIsADick
“Coming from you? That usually indicates it’s something to be extremely wary of,” Cas hummed his agreement. “Are you close?”
“He is very attractive,” Cas admitted quietly, though his face was pinched. “But we’re in the middle of a game.”
“That’s part of it,” Sam replied, voice muffled for a second as he started flicking through books again. “The Impundulu has the ability to lay eggs, and it… it’s like it charges them up with lightning. Once they’re strong enough, they hatch into more Impundulus. You… you said there were six of them?”
“Points of interest?”
He parted ways with Paxton back at the campsite with a (false) promise to mention her to his superiors if it turned out the egg
“Well, you just – whatever you’d normally say on the phone, just say in person, right?”
Dean wanted to die.
True to his word, when Dean pulled up into the hospital parking lot some fifteen minutes later, Cas was waiting for him by the entrance. Dean had worried, during the drive, that seeing him might make him start to panic again, but all he felt was a deep ache in his chest as he watched him stride over.
And it wasn’t even like he watched it every time he decided to jerk off. More often than not he liked to keep to what he knew, so it really wasn’t a big deal. It wasn’t like anyone was ever going to find out, either, so he refused to let it worry him. It was his little secret, and who was he hurting?
He left Cas unloading their bags and headed into the office. The only employee was a pock-marked teenager who looked like he would rather have been anywhere else in the world, but Dean paid him little mind as he walked to the counter and pulled his card out of his pocket.
At the next table, an elderly lady stared at them with a horrified expression.
, but you think we should probably talk about the case?”
But then Cas made his shot – or attempted to, anyway – and Dean’s thoughts were derailed as a laugh erupted from his mouth. He’d managed to hit the cue ball, at least, but so hard that it flew straight off the table and went skittering away across the bar. Cheeks flushing, Cas dropped his cue and went trotting after it, muttering apologies to the other patrons as he ducked between legs to scoop it up.
“A Cleveland Steamer.”
“With the –?”
it was, and wondered with no small trepidation what kind of animal was big enough to warrant it. Peering over the thorny lip, he counted six blood-red eggs huddled together in the middle, each one bigger than a grapefruit.
Feeling not only like a monumental asshole, but also like maybe his heart was breaking a little bit, he stuffed his phone into his pocket and stepped back inside the bar. Hoping Cas wouldn’t hate him too much for cutting his evening short, and then hating himself because a small part of him was elated at that prospect, he weaved through the throngs of people towards the bar. He couldn’t see Cas or the guy he’d been talking to, and found himself beginning to frown.
That was one word for it, anyway.
Instead, he took a deep breath and shifted his hips, angling himself away from pressing
Until he was idly scrolling through the ‘rimming’ tag in the bunker’s kitchen one day, deciding between huge bites of sandwich how he was going to spend his alone time that afternoon, when a particular thumbnail caught his eye and almost made him choke.
“No,” Dean cleared his throat, but still felt a little winded. “That’s all.”
her here?”
!” Dean yelled, quickly reaching back to physically throw the phone across the room.
it until Cas let out a rattling breath that made his entire body pulse with red. Hundreds of intricate cuts had been carved into Cas’s chest, his arms, his legs. That was bad enough – that was
“I –“
“Holy
But he paused, realising that Cas was right. He was
“I have no need for –“
He’d be fourteen, for God’s sake. He’d been a
Cas barely even paused as he replied, “Always, Dean.”
With the intention of doing no such thing, Dean tipped his head in thanks, and then stepped back out into the night. There was a tang to the air that he hadn’t immediately recognised when he’d first got out of the car, but he knew exactly what it was by the time he’d walked back to Cas and picked up his bag.
That was when he started to panic a little.
“And you’ve had no reports of strange activity? Weird sightings? Cold spots?”
Of it all, the part of this Dean hated the most was the gentle way in which Cas said the guy’s name.
?” Dean did
“Yeah, it’s…” Sam seemed just as stumped. “You think that maybe… maybe it’s not something supernatural? Could just be a couple of coincidences –“
With a last, ear-splitting screech, the creature lunged forwards and grasped Cas tightly in its talons. Dean immediately cried out, but had barely even begun to move before the creature threw itself through the bedroom wall, sending glass and debris in every direction, and carried Cas off into the night.
“Oh, and Dean?” the stranger hummed; Dean shuddered at the sound of his name on his tongue. “If you have any chance of getting back what’s yours, you’ll bring me what’s mine.”
, not dead – so Dean forced himself to start moving again, back across the room and towards the stairs. He risked them two at a time, hyper aware of every tiny sound the house made under his feet, and blew the last of the musty basement air past his lips as he slipped back out into the dark hallway. Only then did he pause again, ears still straining to pick up the slightest of sounds, before taking a few, tentative steps back down the corridor.
- at the mark on his arm, at the angels for what they had done to him, and Sam, and Cas, and the demons for the same thing. He was mad at loss of Kevin, and everyone else in his life that had left, or died, or been taken from him, and at the monsters that had done it all. But most of all, in that moment, he was angry at the
“You’re okay,” Dean cut him off, cupping Cas’s head to his chest with a gentle hand. “We’ll figure it out, okay? But we have to get out of here, Cas, before –“
“Dean?” a small whimper rose from Cas’s mouth, and then too-blue eyes were gazing up at him. They seemed hazy for a moment, as though Cas wasn’t quite there, before clearing into their usual, gorgeous shade.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” he insisted, and it wasn’t even a lie. Not a big one, anyway. “I’ve got a gift for you, anyway, courtesy of some cave I found near the campground.”
“Holy shit,” he murmured, angling himself around the rocks to get a better look.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean whispered, gently pushing the shirt, jacket and trench-coat over his shoulders at once.
fucked.
The night had turned cold in the time he’d been in the car, and he took a deep breath of the biting air while he gingerly tucked the egg into his biggest coat pocket and then readjusted the strap holding the flamethrower across his back. The bar behind him was really starting to pop, screams of laughter carrying out of the doors to where he stood across the parking lot with his car, but he paid it no mind as he locked the doors and quietly slipped away into the dark.
“Huh,” Dean replied with a hum. “Guess we’ll have to steer clear of that place, then.”
They quickly made their way through the remaining rooms, even though Dean was fairly certain they both knew they wouldn’t find anything – and he was right. The most interesting thing he found was that the bed was unmade upstairs, followed by a half-empty bottle of lube and a pair of fluffy handcuffs in a drawer. He held them up so Cas could see, eyebrows raised.
Cas squinted at him, head tilted to the side curiously, and it looked like he was about to say something else, so Dean quickly cut him off.
More than anything, he just wanted things to go back to the way they had been before he’d found the damn thing – back when he’d thought Cas was basically a virgin, and he had to flick back to naked girls to be able to come. Back when he was having
“Think you can get it open?”
Drew lived fifteen minutes from Bobby’s by car, in the nice part of town where Dean had very rarely gone. His house was at least twice the size of Bobby’s, but nowhere near as homely; Dean said as much to Bobby as they pulled up outside, and the old man had smiled warmly at him.
“Cas,” he suddenly found himself begging, immediately too far gone to even care how it must sound. “Can you just… will you just talk to me for a sec?”
“Don’t need the details,” Dean waved him away, because the evidence of the evening before was slapped on the internet for just about anyone to see. “Why didn’t you tell me when you saw him? He was in our
Dean gave him a quick run-down of events, from the condition of the bodies, to the freak storms, and then the nest of eggs they had found.
“And?” Dean asked.
Cas looked at him with an odd expression, and then took a long pull of his drink. Dean waited for his reply – a chuckle, maybe, or an agreement – but when Cas finally put his drink back down with a heavy swallow, Dean got none of those things. Was he… blushing? No – no, it had to be the low lighting.
means you aren’t obligated to reply to them if they continue to message you,” he added, before removing his hand so Cas could take the phone back. “You don’t have to sleep with them just because they show a little interest.”
“Huh?” the kid replied, and then spotted the leaflet. “Oh, yeah. I got a friend whose mom works at the morgue – apparently there wasn’t much left of the bodies.”
“I know, I know,” Dean nodded, very ready to be done with this conversation. “Just gotta learn to share my toys, huh?”
“That’s it,” Dean soothed, finding himself matching Cas’s breathing when it suddenly felt like he was seconds away from falling apart. “Almost done, and –
“Hey, wait, no,” Dean replied quickly, because did he have to put it
But somehow, and entirely against his will, he managed to make friends, regardless.
Now he was looking, he realised the coat wasn’t the only article of clothing scattered across the landing. Cas’s tie had caught in the leaves of a sad-looking house plant, his stained shirt a stark contrast against the dark green rug in front of the bedroom door.
Cas didn’t pot another ball, his hands suspiciously tight around the cue that offered absolutely no manoeuvrability, but he did successfully back Dean into a corner surrounded by spotted balls.
Slowly, to give Drew every chance to move away, he’d leaned in until they were so close they were sharing breath. He could hear Lilah and Emmie gasping somewhere behind them, but he paid them no mind as, slowly – so slowly – he’d breached the final few inches between them and brought his lips to Drew’s.
“Dean… are you okay?” Sam asked, because of course he did. “You sound weird.”
Dean had readily agreed, already excited, and by the time Saturday afternoon rolled around he had barely been able to contain himself. Sammy, in true little brother style, had taken to making fun of him, but Dean, in an uncharacteristically good mood, had let the weak jibes slide.
Whether that was a good thing or not, he wasn’t entirely sure.
However bad the shirt had looked, what lay underneath was much,
“I’ll be there shortly,” Cas spoke over him, voice tinted with amusement.
Dean shook the sheriff’s hand as he got to his feet, eyes fixed on the body all the while, and only forced himself to focus once the man started speaking.
He wasn’t really sure what to do, then; he felt winded, and every breath he took was a gentle reminder that there was something in his ass that hadn’t been there before. It wasn’t bad, he kept telling himself – a little uncomfortable, maybe, but not particularly life changing, either. Was this what he had been so afraid of? It was nothing like the hot clench of sinking into a woman, that was for sure.
“We should check the rest of the house,” he murmured once Cas had repaired the door, and Cas nodded his head.
Almost convincing himself that he wasn’t acting exactly like the first dead chick in every horror movie ever created, he gritted his teeth and slowly eased the door further open. Light flickered across the dark walls beyond, long fingers coaxing him down into the basement below, and he stopped only to swap out his gun for the flamethrower before ducking forwards to begin his cautious descent.
“Not that I – I don’t think of you as
“Your prayer?” Cas replied, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. “I got a sudden flash of distress, Dean; where are you?”
Dean took another moment to just glance over Castiel’s back. His skin was smooth, pale, and looked majorly unharmed apart from the puncture wounds. Without really thinking, he ran a soothing hand from the top of Cas’s spine round to his shoulder; a line of goosepimples followed his touch.
I have no excuse for this being a day late other than the passage of time is currently meaningless and I genuinely thought today was Monday.
Sam picked up on the third ring. “Dean?”
“You have another shot,” he cleared his throat, nodding to the table.
,” Dean snapped, only to be met with the sound of his heart thudding in his ears and complete silence on the other end of the phone.
. “You
“You should go talk to him,” Dean found himself saying, with no memory of having actually thought those words at all.
“Yeah, well, when have I ever listened to what you say?” Sam replied, and Dean could practically hear his smirk. “So, how’re we doing this? I’m still over seven hours away.”
“Uh…” the officer looked a little unsure, but guided him towards the riverbank regardless. “Didn’t realise this had alerted the feds.”
He put his full bodyweight against the car door and fell unceremoniously out onto the empty tarmac below, gasping for air, choking back tears, sight swimming and head pounding. His whole body was trembling as he fell onto hands and knees, desperately trying not to retch, and it was all he could do not to collapse completely.
Another song next chapter... hope this is working out and making sense on some level.
O_O ...20k words and Dean hasn't even been in town a week. whoops.
with the hard stomping music that was just as angry as he was but seemed to be somehow delivering him from whatever hell he had come from.  The boy jumped with the music moving around the stage in time with the music. The liberation happening before them seemed to be infectious as Dean noticed the crowd getting louder than they had been, singing along with the words that were repeating, a few even jumping up unable to hold the energy of the music at their seats any longer as they clapped along and cheered as they would at a live concert.
have it out with Balthazar and talk about what happened… or didn’t happen… between them. With Balthazar’s song still going, Gabe moved to sit in Cas’ now empty seat.
“Did you see that circus?  Anyone with a headset thinks they can walk all over people as they please and everyone else is too scared of Zachariah, who practically thinks he is God, to say or do otherwise. That and I’m still not sold on the idea of this ridiculous pony show where women parade around and throw themselves at a complete stranger. I saw in the contract that the last episode I have to ask one of these girls to marry me.
"I'm serious."
Dean nodded and without another word started heading back toward the lights of the mansion in the far distance. Cas clenched his fists some and released them to mixed up about the unexpected feelings that had washed over him than to feel victorious in his getting Dean to go along with the plan. This season was going to be unlike any other. And considering the mess of things he made last year, that was saying something.
After they got seated Sam had just enough time to raise his hand up and get the waiters attention for a round of beers before the lights dimmed. The crowd started to erupt with a mixture of applause, whistles, and hollers from what Dean suspected were the show’s most loyal fans.  Dean was thankful that the beers made it onto the table before the music started.
“Good to see you, Sam? How ya been?” he mumbled grumpily at the lack of "nice to see you" from his brother.
Meg rolled her eyes dramatically before repeating. “Arms. Up.” with no further explanation.
Dean took the blade away from his throat, moved behind him and shoved him in the direction of the house. Castiel stumbled some before he began to walk to the house taking in the sight of it.  Though it was obviously big there was something still very modest about it. He had a feeling though that Dean still held a large collection, just like his last owner did. When they reached the front door he stepped aside so Dean could enter.  Not wanting to let the angel out of his sight in case he tried something, Dean simply opened the door and gestured for the angel to enter.  Inside Dean turned slightly to put in the security code, keeping it hidden from the angelic being.  "Down the hall." Dean said after the screen flashed the words
Almost to the control room now, Cas sighed feeling agitated as he looked down the camera that was rolling backward constantly on him. “Are you serious, Zachariah? You really need to have me on steady cam this whole time.”
“Tell him I’m sick.” Dean said back, muffled through the pillow. It wasn’t a complete lie. He certainly felt sick after watching that kiss. He had no idea it would have that affect and he felt completely stupid for suggesting it to the boy in the first place. He was just trying so hard to convince himself that he didn’t have feelings for Cas. Boy was he wrong.
Dean gave a slight smile finding that his own words shocked him. But they were out there and there was no taking them back now. And if he could find it in him to realize that Prince was a good looking guy who could pull that look off, why couldn’t he tell his friend that now when it was true?  Cas blushed and mumbled that he was going to get changed and talk to Gabriel but the flustered smile told Dean that he was okay receiving the compliment.  At that, Dean left the room to find Gabe and Meg sitting in a booth out front. The two became quiet when he approached. “He said he’s staying. He still wants to do the song on Friday so he’s going to figure something else out.”
Slowly Cas’ face went from concern to neutral as he processed Dean’s words. “I just…” Cas looked out the window and back into his lap. “I just know what I was taught. You have to be a believer to go to heaven.”
Dean gave him a slight nod with his head as a silent “hey.”  As a response, Cas straightened his body and gave him a full salute.  Dean hated when he did that, but the action caused some type of morbid humor in Castiel, as did calling him their “fearless leader” as if it were some kind of title.  After bursting into laughter, Cas disappeared back into his Cabin and Dean stayed looking and unmoving for several seconds before realizing that again, he was openly gaping at the cabin.
Dean had just told Sam goodnight, changed into his pajamas and slid into bed feeling both happy and exhausted from another night in of beers and hanging out around the house. Charlie and Andy had come over for dinner and for a little while Dean was too distracted to be constantly checking his phone as they told stories and laughed. At dinner they decided that they would watch Raiders of the Lost Ark and Sam and Charlie had a disagreement about some movie trivia they both thought they were right about. When the debate started getting more heated than friendly, Andy finally looked up the fact on his phone. Dean gave a brief finger drum roll on the table just before the boy announced, “Yes! Indiana Jones was named after George Lucas’ dog.”
Castiel was intrigued by all of the buttons and switches and had played a couple of times with the computer that Gabe used to record songs.  Of course, that didn’t mean he wasn’t happy just sitting in front of the piano and playing, but he knew that some of the songs would benefit from more and he just wasn’t sure how to do it… yet.
Dean still had his arms crossed as his eyes followed Meg practically glaring at her as she moved across the stage now. The girl was able to make to make Cas smile and laugh just like he could… now she was making him blush openly too. He thought about the way his neck and cheeks turned pink in the bathroom and gave a “hmph” as the song finished suddenly feeling like they were in some sort of competition for his attention.
to achieve orgasm. Especially not a forced put-on one. "C'mon Angel," Dean said tauntingly making Cas open his eyes and look at him. "The fate of you getting a cheeseburger depends on this. Hell, do it right and I'll let you go straight to the kitchen and make it yourself when you're done..." His hand continued to move up and down steadily but even as they stared at each other, Castiel's eyes practically looked dead.
happen again.
” Gabriel opened his  mouth but Cas continued, still going a mile a minute. “You know, I’ve been working with Ash on getting to know the equipment more. If I took next week to study the technology I think I could have another song ready in two weeks time.” Gabe raised a finger to motion his interjection but Cas didn’t see. “I mean I’m not trying to get out of the deal that we already made. I just think if I could focus on making some of the music, not just the words… I’d really feel good about it.”
“You really like this guy, huh?”
Dean picked up his coffee cup again and took a long drink. Their eyes didn't meet again as Dean was practically looking into his mug as he drank. When Cas finally turned around to tend to his own coffee, Dean physically relaxed with a small sigh of breath not even realizing until then that he was practically holding it while Cas had been staring at him.  And now it was his turn to stare at Cas as he moved about the kitchen taking a little longer to get his coffee ready since he had to grab the cream and sugar, mixing everything until it looked and tasted just right.  With his back to Dean, he didn't know he was being started at, but Dean watched the way moved effortlessly around. His hair was still tousled from sleep, though not much more than how it looked throughout the day. He was a little shorter than Dean and frame just a bit smaller as well but that was too be expected considering Dean worked outside on cars so often and even worked out to keep in shape and muscles toned. His favorite parts of the boy were his striking blue eyes, even though he had felt forced to turn away from them moments ago, and his voice that was just as fucking captivating when he spoke as when he would sing. When the boy was done and turned back to face Dean he buried his face in his cup again and looked off to the side so he wasn't caught gawking at him.
Cas was staring through the darkness, not hearing the last verse at all as he was 100% focused on the fact that somehow Dean Winchester's hand was in his own. His brain was trying to decide if this was really happening. In the dark, he couldn't see anything and with his heart now beating quickly he was stilled in a state of shock. Dean bit his lip softly and gave Cas' hand a small squeeze confirming to Cas that this was all very real. Dean didn't know who moved first to put them in this position. If he had to describe it he would say it was more like magnetic energy pulling him to the boy naturally.  And now that they were in this situation, he realized that Cas never pulled away causing his heart to race again just before Cas' thumb run over his own. When the last guitar solo ended and Robert Plant's voice slowed down to end the song, Dean took a deep breath and did the thing that he was only brave enough to do in the dark. Luckily, even without being able to see, his lips found Cas' lips. He immediately felt the boy straighten in surprise and Dean pulled away quickly taking his friends shock as an offense.
“Yeah,” Castiel said, a small smile tugging at his lips at the way Dean’s eyes lit up at the mention of the dessert. “Apple. I remembered it was your favorite.” He moved forward finally to take the bag to him.
.  He must still think that the song was hers. She just hoped that he didn’t look at Cas and see how flustered he had become. Suddenly she got an idea that would help deceive Gabriel.
Gabriel smiled right before Balthazar bumped into him and looked over, the same realization on his face. Cas was going to be okay. Gabriel smiled and started dancing again before glancing over his shoulder to check on Sam. He frowned some when he saw the booth was empty but gave his attention back to Cas.
you did to break my little brother, but I will hunt you down and hurt you myself if you do not come and help fix him.”
Hearing the Angel's voice made Dean take the pressure off his neck with the pointed blade and he bit the inside of his cheek as the angel averted his eyes to show his obedience. While he did like being called Master and already had some experience in that field, though it was in sexual nature and not in slave owning experience, the thing that stuck out in his mind right now was the creature's
As he smiled at her, it was easy to see that Balth didn’t seem bothered by her at all. “I see my reputation precedes me,” he said with a light chuckle that made Dean roll his eyes. Why did the guy have to be so damn charming?
“I didn’t enjoy using the emergency shower, assbutt!” he nearly yelled.
In his room, Cas sat on his bed trying to decide what to do. He would be happy just to be Dean’s friend for the summer, and maybe every once in a while they would text when he was back home. He bit his lip again remembering the kiss they shared. He had blushed so hard when Dean made him moan. Cas hadn’t even known he was capable of making that noise. And when he nipped at his lip, he was surprised, but he was far from upset… And he definitely wanted more.
Dean blushed and dropped his eyes to his food before pushing the box forward to offer Cas a bite, not wanting him to see how flustered he was. Without thinking, Cas dipped his finger in the box where a piece of apple pie filling fell off Dean’s fork and popped it into his mouth. Dean’s mouth hung open some as Cas innocently pulled his finger back out, clean.
He frowned some as he looked from them back to Meg.  It was a good reminder that Meg generally came with problems and serious attitude… “Which is why…” he cleared his throat and added suddenly, “… we’ll do a trial week. See how you do, if you can keep up with our fast pacing and follow the leave your drama at the door policy.”
Dean rolled his eyes before tossing the phone back on the bed. He scrubbed his face some with his hand contemplating what to do. Last night Cas didn’t eat. So this morning he would make sure that he did.  Before he knew what he was doing he went out to the hall and knocked lightly on the door. No answer. He tried a little louder, listening to the silence on the other side and wondering if Cas was even home.
“It sounds like he needs a brother right now, not some manager who is going to force him to write and perform songs like some circus monkey…”
He grabbed his wallet and keys and headed out to pick up Cas.
Sam nodded slowly. “I trust Gabriel. If he says this is what needs to happen right now then this is what needs to happen right now.” His eyes got a little distant thinking about how cold Gabe was acting toward him. Dean nodded at his brother's reassurance knowing that he was right. It was the only plan they had and they needed to do something now before things got worse. “You're right. Thanks, Sammy.”
Hunter!Dean/Angel!Cas
here! Do you understand me Limo three?!”
Without a word he walked past Dean and on to the dance floor in search of Meg. She had migrated away from Lisa and was chatting with a boy dressed in black named Crowley. He stepped up behind her and turned her around, immediately leaning in for an awkward kiss. Meg must not have thought it was too awkward, because when they broke apart she was smiling up at him. Cas saw Dean staring at him from the corner of his eye, and as if trying to prove he wasn't a freak, he swung Meg around and pushed her against the wall (like in the porno he'd accidently seen when he walked in during his brother, Gabe, that had involved a pizza man and a babysitter) and kissed her more firmly. Meg was left in a daze as he pulled back triumphantly and looked over with a smile to his friend. But it disappeared immedietly when he realized he wasn't there. He looked around, but Dean was gone.
Dean ignored them both as he walked between them to the door and knocked softly. “Cas, it’s Dean,” he announced, voice gruffer than usual from being tired of whatever bullshit was going on behind him. He took a breath as his eyes flickered back at the two who were watching him like he was completely ridiculous for even trying this soft handed approach. Dean cleared his throat some hating that he was being watched. “I’m just here to get you man. We don’t even have to talk about anything if you don’t want to. We can just go.”
Forgetting the noises that awoke him completely, Dean got back in bed and pulled the blankets tight around himself. He fell asleep easier than the previous night as he thought about Cas’ infectious smile and realized he was kind of addicted to making it happen. There were definitely worse things to be addicted to, after all.
“What do you say you and me-“
If this was a test from God, he sure was making it a difficult one. And he whole heartedly believed that this was
drunk even though quite the opposite was true. Cas' eyes dropped to Dean’s lips for a moment as the Winchester slid onto the bar stool next to him, giving a simple “hey.”
the way to go.. but he didn't want his words to be mistaken for the want of Cas to put on more of a show complete with artificial moaning and panting. The goal here wasn't
The power would tilt in his favor once again.
“In your face Winchester!” Charlie hooted bringing the laughter back as it was quickly decided that the punishment for Sam being wrong would be Charlie getting to play with his hair while they watched the movie. Halfway through they had to pause because they were all in fits of laughter when Sam’s finished look reveal was short pigtails that Charlie had put high on his head. Dean insisted he get photos of Sam’s new do. As Sam threw Dean a Blue Steal, Charlie posed like the movie poster of Charlie’s Angels and Andy photobombed the shots with bunny ears and peace signs.”
Dean happened to glance at Cas who looked like he was about to start hyperventilating. He looked back at Meg with a an eyebrow raised as the word touch repeated and suddenly realized the bad luck in Cas tagging along when he might have stayed home and missed her singing about her feelings right in front of him. He shifted uncomfortably and chewed his lip some. He guessed it wasn’t surprising that she liked the guy. He was talented and cute and certainly crushable. Dean frowned at his own thoughts and crossed his arms over his chest as she continued.
Castiel looked down trying to identify whatever it was that Gabe was talking about. He smoothed out his shirt some at the hem feeling self concious now, but looked up at Gabe. "I look no different than when I left for school this morning," he stated, feeling confused.
As soon as Dean disappeared behind it Gabe sighed and now in a hushed voice told her, “I wasn’t trying to make him come out okay.  Just make him uncomfortable. I swear he wears that trench coat like a metaphorical security blanket closet. Like if people don’t see
Why do you do this?” Dean mumbled to himself not realizing Cas had heard until he responded.
“So, am I finally going to meet this girl you’ve been dating for, what? A little over a year now?”
Gabriel got over his shock and walked over to welcome back his long time co-worker and friend. “Hey, Cas.” He said giving him a playful punch in the arm. Good to see ya man.” He opened his mouth to say more but was cut off before he got the chance.
Balthazar looked over surprised when he was asked to repeat what he had said. When he enrolled in his classes he saw that French wasn’t offered and he doubted a lot of kids here in the states would know his first language. He looked over at the boy now seeing that he had his book open to the correct page, was taking perfect notes and keeping up with the teacher's lecture, and had an immaculately kept desk with two extra number 2 pencils out in case the tip of his broke. He guessed he was probably right. It’s not that these kids knew French. He just happened to be seated next to one kid who did. He watched him for another few seconds as the boy scribbled his notes. He noticed Castiel’s hand grip tighter on his pencil and his cheeks turn pink again, feeling his eyes on him which only made Balthazar smile again. He leaned over closer and whispered slowly, just loud enough for Castiel to hear, “tu es mignon.”
Dean slid into the booth a bit relieved that the city tour that seemed to be never-ending actually did, in fact, have an end. Not that he wasn’t having a great day, he couldn’t remember the last time he smiled this much. But the summer was long and, as he kept reminding Sam, he didn’t have to see the whole city and meet every single one of his friends in a day. Not when he was going to be here for the whole summer, at least.
“You do not want to see me without a phone for ten weeks.” Meg practically hissed.
"I wasn't sure what to wear. Should I lose the tie?" he asked looking at Dean intently, noticing he hadn't bothered to wear one himself.
"Yes, master," Castiel answered, his voice devoid of any emotion.  Before Dean could move forward to undo the shackles allowing him to take off his clothing, the angel grabbed a fistful of shirt and ripped it off around the chains letting it drop towards his feet, proving his words true.  Next were his pants; his handler hadn't bothered giving him underwear, so he was naked quickly standing in front of the man.
Before he could turn and exit, Cas was pressing a drink into Dean's hand pushing him down into a fucking bean bag chair of all things and making Dean wish he could just fucking teleport away. "Cas talks about you so much." Jane continued, only making him feel more comfortable. "I know that you don't have the stick up your ass everyone else seems to think you were born with based off his stories about you. But hey, we were all someone different before the world went to hell, huh?" She slipped an arm around Cas and the two smiled at each other before looking back at him.
Castiel looked annoyed as he took a seat on the couch facing away from his brother, but Gabe came in all smiles much like his usual happy, go-lucky self.  Dean noticed that Sam looked half amused yet slightly cautious as he watched Gabe enter as if nothing had happened. “Everything okay, you two?” Sam dared to ask admits all the tension.
Gabriel stopped dancing and watched as Cas moved behind the machine again while Ash twisted knobs, sticking out his tongue slightly as he did so as if some of this new sound was improvised and rehearsed before.
“Where we going? Bedroom or bathroom.”
“Yeah, Sam. How does that work exactly?” Gabe’s words came out more bitchy than innocent and Sam glared at him for not helping change the subject in front of his  brother. Dean looked from Gabe to Sam not picking up on the tension between the two as he waited for Sam to answer their questions.
Dean slowly pulled the pillow off of his face but nodded. "Y-yeah.. sure if you wanna," Dean said and cleared his throat some. Cas nodded once and stood up pulling his phone out of his pocket. "I'm going to call Gabe and let him know." He walked out into the hall leaving Dean in his room alone.
the way Balthazar described when he said to go in for the kiss if everything was perfect, and yet… Truth was, that felt really good. And even though Dean was being an absolute
Dean’s eyes flicker open for a second as he wonders if this is really happening.  He’s kissing Castiel. And more shocking still, Cas is kissing him back.  When Dean first stormed back into the cabin he had no idea that he would be putting both of them in this position. They were now pressed together with Dean pushing Cas roughly against the wall as they kissed each other fiercely and hungrily.  Cas having his mouth invaded by the probing of Dean’s tongue which was desperately trying to convince him that he wasn’t going to regret this, whatever this was.
Castiel didn’t mention Dean again and Gabe realized he might have still been asleep when he did because all he managed to get out was a groggy “what time is it?”
Sam shook his head and looked out the window. “Nah, she has plans tonight." He said simply. "Let’s see. Andy will be there. Charlie. Gabe is going to meet up with us after the show." Dean knew his brother well enough to get that he was avoiding the Ruby topic but decided to leave it alone for now. "Oh, and Gabe mentioned his brother was going to hang out with us tonight too. He just moved here and is looking for his own place. Right now he’s crashing with us so with you in town the house is full up. Forgot to mention that."
He reached up and grabbed her free hand pulling her back down making a loud crash sound as she laughed louder and screamed again trying to get away from him.
When they were away from the dance floor Dean ran a hand through his short hair. “Fuck, Cas…” He held up two fingers for the bartender who immediately brought over a couple of beers for them.
Dean shook his head slowly trying to wrap his head around the amazing kiss he just experienced followed abruptly by Cas' disinterest.
Sam looked over, looking injured himself at overhearing how awfully the short conversation had gone down. While not fluent, he knew the basics of the romance languages and opened his mouth to translate for Dean. Balthazar beat him to it. “You ruined me.” He responded painfully. “He said you ruined me.”
"I can't apologize for being me." Balthazar said finally and gave a smile. "Castiel deserves more than what I could ever give him. I just want to remind him that I'm here for him but I'm not here
Before he could press the issue any further Gabe slipped into the seat next to Sam. “Hey boys, drinks on me tonight,” he said and snapped his fingers, bringing the waitress back over near immediately with an extra beer included for Gabe. With the boss around she didn’t flirt so openly, but Dean still managed to give her a wink as a thank you that made her smile. “Finished showing him around and realized the best part of the city is the bar, huh?”
Dean sighed. The details were so vague. All he really got from Gabe was that around the same time Cas’ dad kicked him out, he had a friend that he got in a fight with and they weren’t on speaking terms any more. “Are we even sure Cas will stick around to listen to this guy? I mean we can’t tie him up and hold him hostage while he gets serenaded. Make a note for your law school classes, Sammy. That’s illegal.”
“There are little who can.” Cas mumbled in response.
The lights illuminated the curtain hanging in front of the window caused Dean's focus to shift away as he realized that someone pulled into the driveway.  Gabriel and Castiel. He took another drink, eyes focused on the door as he waited, only half hearing what the others were talking about now.
As the chorus began to repeat the crowd got louder with their own singing across the room. A look around and Dean could see that some of the people that chose to stand in the back did so because there was more room to dance back there than where the tables were.  Not that it mattered, the backup singers and dancers were starting to enter the audience and encouraging people to dance.  Dean took this time to gulp down some more of his beer and avoid eye contact.
Cas nodded and chewed his lip nervously as he waited for the younger Winchester to continue. Dean wanted Sam to call him? To tell him what? Never to talk to him again. Forget they were friends? To tell him they never really were friends to begin with?
Dean was comfortable and felt tingly all over. He looked over at Cas with half lidded eyes and an odd smirk. "I probably will be later," he said and let his eyes flicker down from blue eyes to soft lips. Softer than he ever would of thought before yesterday. Cas' smirk disappeared and when Dean looked back up he could see the concern again. He was caught daydreaming about his tongue in Cas' mouth. Blue eyes flickered down to Dean's mouth and before Dean could make a comment, Cas grabbed him, pulling him in and crushing their lips together.
“So you’re a Balthazar,” Dean mumbled, taking in the sight of the guy in front of him.
Right now he just needed to get through to Castiel. Being pissed and staying at Meg’s… whatever. It wasn’t his favorite scenario, but at least he knew where he was and he was safe. Harboring so much anger, bottling it all up and choosing to drink every waking hour of the day instead of confronting anything… that was worrisome. Maybe Cas would hate him for bringing Balthazar here… but if it brought any kind of healing for him, he could deal with that. He chewed his lip not sure if that was the whole truth or not. He just got his estranged brother back in his life and he didn’t want to lose him again. He knew his father would be to blame more than anyone if that was the outcome… but it was a risk he was willing to take.
Dean made a face. “Contract? For what?”
Anna nodded quickly, feeling excited again about work now that she was further away from Zachariah. Copy that.”
When Balthazar had the napkin pocketed and turned around he stopped, surprised to see Castiel come out from behind the curtain and onto the stage.
He rolled back over on his side and it hit him how lonely he himself had been since Sam left for school. It made sense to him that he was feeling like this, it was just interaction overload from spending most nights alone between casual flings from small town bars that never lead to any real relationships, even though some girls had tried even after he had been clear that his intentions were just for a night- he was never looking for anything.
She left the table without another word. Cas hesitated for a moment, glanced at Dean but then decided to wordlessly follow Meg toward the stage area.
“So let me make sure I get this...” Dean took another bite of his pizza before dropping the crust onto his plate and rubbing his hands together to get rid of the crumbs. He chewed thoughtfully a second before swallowing and repeating back the absurdity that was Gabriel’s plan.
Dean wondered if that was the personal experience that Sam was talking about and if so if it was Gabe’s personal experience or another cast members.  By the time the chorus hit a second time the audience was beginning to catch on and sing out with the show.
. They were all a bit on edge so it made sense that Winchester would be fidgety and as much as he really wanted to know what was going on inside of his head, he would wait until Saturday and get some hints from Chuck when he worked his magic.
“No, but obviously Castiel has. He needs to confront this and I don't know what else to do.” Gabriel sounded tired. It was Monday morning and Castiel still hadn’t come home and was refusing to even talk to him. From Meg’s texts his little brother had gone on a three day bender. He was absolutely beyond worried.
Cas was in a dressing room backstage ready to go home. Luckily everything was wrapping up and they were going to be getting out of here soon. Without a car, Cas was basically at the mercy of Gabe when he was done practicing his song that he was now contractually obligated to perform on Friday. He had text Meg a few times but she was always hit and miss with replies. She seemed to have this whole other life that Cas knew very little about and was completely fine with staying away from. Sure, they had become great friends, but Castiel never felt the need to be friends with her friends. And Meg never pushed him to. So it worked out perfectly.
... but it had been weighing on him all week, so he guessed it made sense that it somehow found its way to the surface. “I knew you weren’t a big drinker, and right after I said it you went on a week long bender and I should have checked in and made sure you were okay and I didn’t and I’m a real asshole for putting you through all that...”
“That’s where you come in,” Gabriel interrupted the banter, staying serious. “I’m his recently estranged brother. I don’t know if it’s because I’ve been out of his life for so long, or...” he shook his head with a forced laugh looking up at the ceiling. Who knows the brainwashing Castiel had to put up with on his own after he left. Sometimes, the way Cas looked at him, it felt like his father looking at him... judging him. If Cas still had thoughts like that about him, his own brother, then God only knows what he was constantly battling when it came to how he felt about himself.
Castiel had been in the room longer and his eyes were more adjusted to the dark. He had watched Dean’s shadow like figure fumble through the half dozen steps to get to him with a quiet curiosity. Now he released his arm and looked up at him wondering if Dean knew how close they were actually standing to one another. From the way it seemed Dean was peering over his head some he doubted it.
In the back of Dean’s mind it dawned on him that not long ago he would have pushed him away and told him to fuck off for even attempting to calm him, let alone kiss him like this, but he was so exhausted that he couldn’t even begin to imagine pushing him away.  When the kisses trailed closer to his mouth he turned and caught Cas by surprise, catching him on the lips and tasting his own salty tears on his lips.
Dean sighed softly. Gabe was Sam’s roommate. Some college dropout, a few years older than Sam and from what he had heard, loaded. Owned his own bar or night club or something that had some kind of a live show once a week on Friday nights. From what Sam had claimed, there was music, singing, dancing complete with costumes. Some modern day Cabaret or something. The whole shebang. “You do know I’m going to be there all summer right? That’s more than plenty of time to see-“
“Not bad Winchester.”
“What do you mean he’s coming here? Have you lost your fucking mind?” Meg asked in a hushed whisper.
Dean thought, his eyes looking back and forth between the two. Ash finally made an appearance, opening the back curtain enough that he could push forward pieces of equipment that were normally kept off stage and out of the audience's view.
“I think I’m done drinking.” Castiel said roughly, looking from Balthazar to the waitress. “Just water.”
Before Castiel pulled into his driveway he already had three missed calls from Balthazar. He paced his room a few times before finally flopping on his bed and checking the voicemails. He braced himself for more insults. Balthazar had every reason to be angry at him. Everything he said was absolutely true and Cas hated himself for it.
"What'd ya think? The price is firm, no wiggle room." He made an apologetic face, but his voice didn't match it. When a stretch of silence followed, Castiel sighed silently, slowly sitting up to take in his potential new master, figuring he wasn't going to leave until he got a good look that would help make up his mind.  Dean had opened his mouth to answer but stopped when the angel stirred.
At this Meg and Gabe stared at Dean until a bubble of laughter erupted from Gabe that caught Dean off guard. His confused face just made Meg roll her eyes and look more annoyed with him as she moved to the side mumbling a  “be my guest” as if they hadn’t already tried to enter from doing just that.
The fact that Dean had tried to bed her confirmed what he had thought about him which would have been a relief if he wasn’t hurting over it. He tried to shake the feeling away as he turned to leave because he knew that Dean being straight it meant that he could really move on and start making himself right with God. Maybe coming here was a strange blessing in disguise from God himself to show him that he was on the right path.
He found a pair of earbuds and turned his music on to further guard and prevent such a thing from happening, but found himself unable to sleep as his mind kept wandering back to the two. A couldn't escape the pang of jealousy when he thought about the girl.  He turned from his back to his side uneasy with the feeling and trying to figure out why he would be jealous. He was so unattached to people that it wasn’t a feeling he had often. He punched his pillow a few times to flatten it, laid still for a minute before fluffing it back up, only to punch it again when he couldn’t get to sleep. He sighed and tossed the it to the floor as he tried to convince himself that his sleeplessness was the fault of the pillow.
Gabe straightened some as his eyes got wider knowing exactly what that meant. As embarrassed as he had felt when his feelings for Sam were on display for the whole bar to hear… he never turned down an opportunity for it to happen to others. Chuck was an amazing bartender and if that was it, it would be enough. But the regulars knew the rumors of
“I wish I could tell you more. I don’t even really
“Hey, ladies! You know, we’re about to pull up to the site and I planned this as prep time to tell you who the new suitor is. Are you curious at all?”  Their faces lit up, completely forgetting about their bladders momentarily.  All six looked among each other before sitting on the edge of their seats, excited for what Cas had to tell them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
lighting up the screen.  He frowned slightly just about to respond that the person must have the wrong number when another message popped up.
or professional, or like him to get sucked up into. There was a game to be played. And the less emotions one had going into this the better. That was the only way to survive here.
“Nah, Sammy was already in bed and anyway, he’s more of a cake guy.”
How was he? He either got home super late or never came home at all. And mostly he just wanted to check in and make sure that he was doing okay after pouring his heart into whatever Gabe was forcing him to do with his music. His phone had said it was just before 8:30 and he wondered if the boy was up yet. Considering their movie marathon went ridiculously late he actually wouldn’t be surprised if he was still asleep in his room. With a slight groan he threw the covers off of himself and swung his feet out of bed. He yawned and got up padding lightly to the door and opened it, listening to see if any voices were coming from the living room.  Cas’ door was closed and the bathroom light was off.  He started debating with himself if it would be weird to knock on Cas’ door if he were sleeping but as soon as he stepped in the hallway the strong smell of coffee gave him pause. He turned down the hall and headed that way instead.
So, if you want to help your fish exercise and escape boredom, here are 6 ways to play with your goldfish:
Dean is very aware of Cas sitting next to him and the heat coming from Cas’s body. It’s a good feeling, comforting and ever-so-slightly erotic. The sky darkens, and strings of bare bulbs woven through the ropes holding the tarps up come on, giving the bar a party atmosphere. Meg is telling a story involving snakes and laundry from her time in the Natal province of South Africa when Cas gets up to go to the bar for yet another round.
Settling into the bunker after the Fall had been harder for him than Dean expected. Cas was human now, or the next thing to it, and he’d changed, alternating between manic bursts of interest in new things and periods of quiet, drifting through the bunker like a ghost. He seemed diminished, as if the grace he’d lost had physical bulk.
Rolling his eyes, Dean goes to his bedroom and brings back a small area rug.
Cas pulls the chair over to the bed and sits down. “I really don’t know what to say to you right now,” Dean says, looking at him. “Thanks for rescuing me, I guess. But I really gotta ask why you kicked me and stole my phone. That kind of worked against me following my instinct to trust you.”
“I think I”m gonna leave you alone to enjoy your happiness. I’m gonna go for a run.” Sam grabs a mug of coffee and heads back towards the door, calling over his shoulder, “Merry Christmas, guys. And Chuck bless us, every one.”
The woods are silent except for the occasional call of a chickadee. After about ten minutes of slogging through snow and underbrush, they reach a clearing. In the centre stands a ring of oak trees, old ones, bent and twisted.
“Cas, I had him. Your bird feeder was gonna be safe.”
Dean closes his eyes and wills the headache that’s just started behind his eyes to go away. Cas rips open the first box, pulls out the instruction booklet, and looks at it reverently like he’s just found another angel tablet.
“Why?” Dean asks, looking like he really wants the answer.
Dean picks up his book, but puts it down again almost immediately. His concentration is shot. Instead of words on the page, all he can picture is blue eyes. All he can hear is the scorn in that deep voice telling him, in essence, to fuck off.
That does it. Dean takes the corner at a run and tackles him. He follows him down and straddles him, swinging at his head. The man, kid really, brings his hands up to protect his face, and doesn’t fight back. The man in the polo shirt pulls at Dean, trying to get him off his friend. He manages to land a couple of punches to Dean’s head, but backs off when Dean stands up. Polo Shirt grabs the other man by the arm and pulls him to his feet. He yells one last sentence in mixed Arabic and French at the prone figure on the ground and they both run off down the street.
“A dryad. In Canada.”
Dean can hear noises now and again over the sounds of their feet on the stony ground. Low voices, their exact direction obscured by the forest of stone, but definitely coming from behind them. And once, he hears the distant sound of car engines and the clink of metal on stone, like a rifle barrel hitting one of the columns. Dean’s imagination is working overtime.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice is sharp and worried.
Cas is very aware of Dean sitting so close next to him and the heat coming from Dean’s body. He looks away from the computer screen and makes himself meet Dean’s eyes.
“She thanked me and gave me a blessing: ‘may your powers flourish like an oak tree’.” Cas puts the acorn carefully in the pocket of his robe. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
The evening passes in a pleasant blur. Meg is acerbic and funny, trading barbs with Cas, much to Gabe and Dean’s amusement. Peter is thoughtful and more reserved. Conversation flows easily and they talk politics and tell stories of their time spent on previous MSF programmes. Dean and Meg discover that Die Hard is their favorite movie, and start quoting it to each other until Gabe gets fed up enough to start threatening violence.
Dean steps close and cradles Cas’s face in his hands, mittens dragging against the stubble on his cheeks. Cas doesn’t move away. In fact, he sways closer.
So they drove northeast through Kansas and Ohio, cut the corner of Pennsylvania, Dean driving and Cas doing research in the passenger seat. The weather was better than they had a right to expect for the time of year and Baby had made good time. They discussed the case: four workers employed by a construction company hired by the spa had disappeared when they’d gone to mark some trees for cutting on the property to make way for new spa buildings. Each had gone alone into the forest at different times on different days, and failed to come out again. At first the company, used to a workforce that was nearly transient, had assumed they’d just walked off the job, but soon worried calls from wives and relatives had gotten the Sûreté du Québec, the provincial police force, investigating. But no one knew if the spa was a crime scene, and the investigation had cooled off while the cops  concentrated on the company and its offices in Gatineau.
“Dean –“ Castiel tried again, but Dean shushed him softly as he began dabbing at the worst of the blood at his side.
Cas still seemed a little disgruntled – because Dean knew he secretly hated to lose almost as much as Dean did – but he still stepped forwards and allowed Dean to move in behind him. It was only when he pressed in close, chest flush with Cas’s back as he pivoted them both down over the table, that Dean realised the true magnitude of what he was doing.
Because suddenly he’d had people to sit with in class, and houses to go to after school that didn’t belong to Bobby, and of course he’d still walked Sammy home and made sure he’d had dinner first, but he’d also had something that, for the first time in his life, was just his. He’d had a study buddy in Emmie, and a partner in crime in Lilah, and Drew – who he had immediately found a kindred spirit in after realising he was just as big a Star Wars nerd as Dean was – had immediately taken him under his wing. Within a few weeks, they had been inseparable, and Dean felt as though he had known them all his life.
“Right,” Dean agreed, and had then opened the car door. “Thanks, Bobby.”
, of all things.
“Cool,” Dean nodded, and then paused for a moment. “And, uh… Cas?”
He hadn’t slept well. The storm had continued long into the night, and while it had been suspiciously dry when they’d left the motel that morning, the thunder had been more than enough to produce an uneasy sleep. Add to that the truly terrible mattress, and a snoring angel that, despite his insistence that he wasn’t tired, had almost immediately fallen asleep, and Dean felt like his head was about to explode.
He’d killed werewolves, for God’s sake – he’d helped his Dad take down shapeshifters, and ghosts, and all manner of spooky shit – so why had the idea of getting out of the car made him feel so nervous? Why was the idea of a group of teenagers more anxiety-inducing than a nest of vampires? Bobby had been able to see the fear in him, he knew, and he hadn’t been able to help but flush in embarrassment. What was
He’d obviously gotten dressed in a hurry, because he’d foregone his trench coat in favour of hanging it over his arm instead. His suit was rumpled, as though it had been pulled off in a hurry and strewn somewhere without a second thought, and his hair – usually flyaway on the best of days – looked like it had been gripped tightly and
“First of all,” he found himself replying, still a little breathless. “No, I haven’t ever
“It’s… not the first time?” he dared to ask, suddenly feeling bone tired.
“It’s fine,” he murmured instead, more for his own benefit than for Cas’s. “I’m just exhausted. It’s not a big deal, and it doesn’t need to be one. It was just a blip.”
“Yeah,” Sam replied. “You want me to meet you there?”
“You mean the guys making eyes at each other?” the barman replied, brow raised in a way that made Dean want to reach across the bar and punch him. “Yeah, they left out the side a couple minutes ago. Seemed to be in a hurry, if you catch my drift.”
“Let me guess,” Dean sighed. “Used to live at the same address?”
Dean immediately knew his effort had been in vain.
,” Dean huffed, though he didn’t feel quite so off kilter now he’d heard Cas out. It was still a lot to take in, sure, but he couldn’t begrudge the guy taking a little something for himself – especially when he thought about how he’d found him in April’s apartment. It was all he could do not to shudder at the thought.
want to have sex with? That’s fireworks right there.”
“What, now you’re suddenly interested?” Dean snapped before he could really stop himself. “Tired of playing puppet master?”
“Not apologising!” Sam cut him off with a laugh. “So hang up the phone and think about what you’re gonna say to him, got it?”
“You sure about that?” he asked. “You look beat, man.”
“There’s a chance of passing infections on to other people before you realise you have them,” Sam told him, serious for the first time since Dean had found him. “It’s always better to… wrap up.”
“Can you show me?” Dean asked, already gesturing for Paxton to take the lead.
“The second victim, Angela Thomas, is named more recently, this time charged with breaking and entering with attempted burglary,” Cas continued. “The third victim, Debbie Johnson, is named in an article as the project manager for a new shopping development that was passed through local government a few years ago. It eventually fell through, but –“
. It had been hard enough for Dean to wrap his head around the fact that Cas had slept with April while he was human, but now? With his angelic mojo back? And with a
with him? Why was he simply unable to control his thoughts – thoughts that he had been so good at keeping a handle on before any of this mess?
Dean hated him.
him - and if it weren’t for his seatbelt, he would have been flung directly through the windshield as that realisation made him slam the brakes on the car. He felt winded, and not just because the belt had pulled a tight burn across his chest.
good –
“Yeah, it’s…” she grimaced, but didn’t move to put it down. “It’s prickly.”
Dean had loved him so much, in that moment, for offering him an out without making it a big deal. He’d loved him so much that it gave him the strength to shake his head, to plaster a smile on his face as he’d scooped his backpack up out of the footwell.
“Get the fuck away from him,” Dean snarled, already reaching for the flamethrower at his back. He’d dropped the lighter somewhere in the bedsheets, and he fumbled around for it, trying to bide himself some time. “You wanted a trade, right? The egg for him? I got it right here, buddy –“
Cas hummed, but then shook his head. “It’s been a long journey. I’ll be fine now.”
And so, whenever he had some time to himself, and was maybe feeling a little bored of his usual searches, he’d click on over to the gay portion of the website and see what said searches looked like with guys, instead. It was healthy, he decided, to open his mind a little. Done out of pure curiosity.
He gestured to his own neck and Cas copied his movements, touching his fingers to the bruise. He flushed, just slightly, and when he pulled his fingers away again the mark was gone.
“Then what could
“Actually,” Sam cut him off with a furtive glace to the side. “Garth has asked for an assist on a Wendigo case down in Mississippi. I thought… maybe you and
“Sam, I swear, if it’s hurt him –“
What was
“Unless you… do like tomato?” Cas continued, brows drawing together. “You always remove it, so I assumed –“
Dean huffed nervously, but couldn’t exactly deny it. Cas had seen every atom of his being, had pulled him out of hell and put him back together with not a hair out of place; that was probably the most intimate thing anyone had ever done for him, period.
. Dean swallowed heavily, hands clammy around his cue, and had to tear his own gaze away lest he accidentally pop a boner in the middle of a crowded bar. He felt Cas’s eyes even as he turned to bend over the table, but found he could at least breathe a little easier as he focused on his first shot.
“It might be a set up?” Dean murmured, turning away from his onlookers for a moment so he could speak more candidly. “I don’t know, man, but something definitely isn’t right here. Drowning would have been a pretty easy cause of death to prove, right?”
Dean had just told Sam goodnight as his brother, sure to have a hangover tomorrow, headed up the stairs to his room.  Dean was about to stop off in the bathroom to brush his teeth before heading to his own room when he heard a crash and a giggle coming from Cas’ room.  With a concerned look on his face he went further down the hall to Cas’ bedroom door as he stood outside listening for a second.
“So?” He asked flatly, no expression to read at all. “You
On the passenger seat next to him he heard his phone buzz and looked over. Sam’s name along with a goofy picture of him Dean had saved from Snapchat came up on the screen. Sam was always telling him the apps to download and use with him. They had tried Words with Friends but Sam was too smart and Dean sucked at scrabble. They had tried some generic apps for games like checkers and connect four and would be competitive in the beginning before forgetting about them completely. Snap chat was something they did often though and as silly as Dean thought it was, it was a good way to see his brother and keep in touch.
“I’m done with Ruby.” The words surprised Sam as he hadn’t actually planned on saying them. He could see easily that the words caught the older boy off guard as he stared at him with wide eyes. Sam was the one that moved forward as Gabriel watched his long legs close the distance between them in half the time it might have taken him to do so. Sam only hesitated for a second trying to read Gabriel’s light brown eyes before leaning down to kiss him.  It was much softer than the kisses they shared when he was high, though something about it still hungry as Gabriel wrapped an arm around Sam’s neck pulling him in while his tongue rolled slowly over the Winchester’s.  Sam moaned softly as the kiss was returned finally after weeks of Gabriel rejecting him. He pulled away beginning to apologize, “Like seriously done. I’m sorry I’ve been an idiot. I should have never-“
happened to be.
excuse to get away from the couple at the other side of the table. "No," Lisa responded without looking up, "but if you want to fetch a glass of punch for me I wouldn't stop you."
Dean and Sam arrived a little early. Gabe and Cas had left about an hour prior but with Cas’ giving more or less a second debut tonight they wanted to make sure they were able to get a table front and center. That gave Dean more of a chance to get started on drinks, not that he thought he would need them to get through the show, honestly he was just nervous for Cas.
The applause seemed to stretch on for what seemed like forever which gave some of the performers who had come out into the audience a chance to return backstage and prepare for whatever was coming next. Gabriel bowed a couple of times and waved, blowing kisses to some of the people in the audience. Dean was pretty sure he caught him giving a wink to Sam but with the bright lights being so close to the front of the stage, he couldn't be certain. The guy was certainly charming and unafraid to be on stage. He supposed you'd have to be to do this kind of thing in front of people.
“The front table is reserved for us...” Dean heard Andy tell Sam when entered. Dean lagged behind, taking in the sights around him as he followed his party. The bar was older and had a nice charm to it. Nothing fancy but definitely well-kept and clean. There were a lot of people hanging out and but the majority were migrating to the back where Andy was leading them off to. "...Gabe said that his brother might make his debut tonight too, if he can work up the nerve...” Andy high-fived most of the people he passed, definitely a friendly guy that everyone seemed to know and love. He was obviously a regular here. Charlie would wander off for a few moments as she recognized someone she knew in the distance and told them "hi" and "talk to you later" before joining the group again. Neither of them looked like the lawyer type.
easier to talk to. “And I’m… I mean I’m dark. I’m the fuckin’ abyss. That’s why.” Chuck looked at him a bit stunned but Dean’s eyes headed in Gabe’s direction who looked to be wrapping up his phone conversation. He stood up deciding to go back to Sam before he exchanged words with the guy which would be like kicking him while he was down. Without another word, Dean stood up and sauntered off toward the crowd without looking back. Gabriel returned to the bar and took the seat he had occupied.
“Fuck me?” Cas teased and even though Dean was sure nobody had heard him, he couldn’t help the blush that spread over his cheeks. “
Sam scoffed some, irritated even though Dean’s meaning was playful.
“Of course I am, Dean,” he lied looking at him before turning to look back out the window, once again ignoring the plate of food in front of him. Dean sighed softly as he picked up his own fork and started to cut into his food. Abruptly he stopped and brought his attention back to Cas, unable to eat himself until he had some words. There was worry on his face and he wasn't even trying to hide it as he pressed him. "It’s just that… you don’t seem fine. I mean, you won’t even look at me. And who hardly touches their bacon. I mean… it’s bacon…” he tried to laugh but it was forced and had no effect on the boy who looked back at him with a kind of emotional wall up that wasn’t letting him in for a second. Dean cleared his throat nervously and focused on his food again.
“Well if it isn’t the famous Balthazar.” Her words were like poison as they came out of her mouth. It was obvious that she got Cas’ side of the story and didn’t approve. Dean wondered how much of it was different from Balthazar’s telling.
“We all love and care about you, Castiel.” Gabe said sincerely. “Even Sam and Dean showed up today to make sure you were okay.”
"Nah. He's just moping. He doesn't know what to do with himself. I think this is his first time really feeling anything for someone, ya know?"
It was going to be a long night.
Suddenly feeling like a specimen being examined under a microscope, Cas blushed softly as he hesitantly raised his arms in the air. Meg’s eyes dragged down and up as a slow yet wicked smile appeared. The shirt crept up high enough that his hip bones were perfectly on display.
think that we can buy our way into heaven?”
“It’s lower than that.” Chuck watched as Dean absentmindedly rubbed his hand over his chest before looking away trying to find the words to describe what he meant. “Sometimes it hurts. Sometimes it doesn’t.”
Gabriel scoffed some and spoke before Dean had a chance to even process what his younger brother said. “And you think that’s what… good wife material?”
Gabe and Sam looked at each other, clearly confused before Sam finally realized that Dean was referring to the plan with Balthazar and wasn’t referring to the conversation they had just been having. “Oh! Right.” Sam saw that Gabriel was still at a loss and threw him a rather obvious bone. “I was just telling Gabriel that we needed to get
He hesitated, looking away again as he feigned a yawn and asked, "are the Winchester's joining us?"
Gabe, master at transitions, asked for another round of applause for his little brother, though the first round had never actually died out.
Meg returned her gaze back the window as she continued to drink her champagne unimpressed with the whole reveal. “All good boys can go bad with the proper training.” She argued more to herself than the others.
“Look at this…” Dean started a bit excitedly. “The meanings are on these cards and so you pick the rock with the stuff that you want in your life. I got the Dalmatian Stone when I came in before but I think I’m going to gift it to Sammy when I head back home.”
Castiel felt his entire body flush and he took a step back bumping into a pan that fell off the counter with a loud bang. Sam hardly noticed, still gripping Gabe’s shirt and looking at him lustfully. Gabe was blushing yet his face was mortified. “Nevermind. I can handle this. He just needs to sleep it off. Go make sure Dean doesn’t come out here. I’ll get him to bed.”
“Castiel!” Dean yelled louder not sure if Chuck couldn’t hear him or didn’t know him by the shortened name.
Like Wednesday when Gabriel gave him the outfit to try. He had wanted to see if it would help him adjust in some way to the life he was living out here. But it had the exact opposite effect and made him feel like he was going to suffer the eternal damnation that he had always been warned about in his father’s preaching’s. His brain was so conflicted recently he felt like he was going insane. He didn’t, for example believe that Gabriel had a spot for himself reserved in hell. He had seen how kind his brother was, selfless and good. Not only to him, but the people who had come into the bar and became his family when they had no one. And of course, more recently there was the way he cared for Sam Winchester.  Yet Castiel couldn’t shake the idea that his thoughts were more perverse than his brothers and he would be at the right hand of the devil if he couldn’t get a hold of his thoughts. Seeing himself in the crop top in the mirror reminded him of that. Yet when Dean Winchester was with him in the dark he approached the boy hoping he would reach out and touch him. Would want to look at him.
“No problem, boss.” He clicked his tongue with a wink and manned his station, hopping on a computer to change tracks and some of the settings on his soundboard to prepare for the new line up.  Gabriel watched him for a second before turning his attention elsewhere knowing that
Finally they meet!
Dean shifted a little forcing his eyes away again from Cas’ intense staring.  The Novak had his eyes on Dean but his ears were back on the song, listening to the repeating outro. “Thank god that you found me,” he said softly to himself leaving Dean to lean in some to ask “What?” over the sound system.
Castiel watched silently as the two walked off, and he knew he gave the human the impression he wanted him to see. He might be docile, he might not have emotions that he wanted to acknowledge, but he surely had been through hell and there's nothing the man could do to him that would break him.  Heavy labor or full on torture, you never knew with humans what they had in mind for you when they purchased you.  The best he could hope for was a servant position that would make a good talking point for whatever rich friends he would want to show him off to.  And the worst... well... that wouldn't matter.  The guy could prod him and do his absolute worst torturing him. Anything in his deepest and wildest imagination would be legal because angel's didn't have any rights.  They were seen only as property. But if that were the case... If the human only wanted him to give him pain, he wouldn't give him a single scream.  He would emotionless.   Castiel knew how to drift far away in his mind.  And these days, he preferred it there than to anything that was happening around him.  He laid down on his cot, closed his eyes, and daydreamed he was in another time. Far away from this one.
Cas stared at him with huge eyes before shaking his head quickly. It was insanely embarrassing that he had taken the girl out a handful of times and even to prom last weekend but couldn’t ever work up the nerve to kiss her. He hadn’t developed feelings that he thought were kiss worthy. Being with Anna had just felt like two friends hanging out and he didn’t think that he should force anything.
He wasn't in a rush as he knew that he needed this out of his system so he could focus the upcoming hours. There was no way that he would be able to work next to the angel if his dick was hard all morning. Yet he also wasn't prepared to just go in and fuck him yet either. The timing wasn't right. As much as Dean wanted him, he couldn't imagine fucking him with that dead look behind those fucking bright blue eyes. So he focused his thoughts elsewhere and it was more than enough. His deep voice. The rough kiss they shared. Dean moaned again remembering the feeling of chapped lips and his rough bits of stubble. And now he was able to do something that he couldn't do all those times he had read stories about angels on his phone. He could put a name to it.
There were no voices, music, or other sounds coming from the kitchen. He pushed the door open slowly and walked across the cool tile floor to the coffee maker to see that it was on, half full, with a note in front of it.
“Shit… sorry!” Cas said realizing suddenly that he was standing in the way of his exit.  At close distance Cas seemed to be looking everywhere but at Dean.  Because of this when he tried to switch places with the taller boy he accidentally bumped into him. “Shit! Sorry!” He said again flustered.
“What the hell happened in there?” he asked softly, unable to mask the concern in his voice and hating himself for it.  “I mean, it’s none of my business but-”
“So what is it going to take to get you to stop running and sign the contract?”
Dean snapped his attention away from the window at the sound of his voice and gave a nod. "Yeah. I'm wrapping stuff up too. Thanks for your help."
Cas had opted to continue living at home instead of moving into the dorm or living on his own, though before Balthazar could worry about his friend becoming a social outcast who only cared about his grades and his studies, he showed up to one of Balthazar’s parties. And then the next. And the next. And Balth didn’t even have to beg. So when his own birthday bash was coming up he had no problem putting Cas in charge of some of the shopping.
Sam’s chest hurt at hearing Gabriel say the words. “You didn’t ab-”
to a confrontational,
Dean heard his brother walk toward the stairs and listened as the sound of his steps disappeared and he was left alone.  Before he had the chance to fall asleep he again heard footsteps approaching again. “Damn it, Sam… said ‘m fine.”
, he also absolutely kissed him back…
“Usually helps,” Dean slurred tiredly. “And kissing. Can’t think of much else when yer kissin.” His filter was well gone as he lifted his head some to look at him, only for it to fall back on the couch heavily again. He laughed at the feeling while it was Cas’ turn to blush at the thought.
Not a whole lot, unfortunately," the handler said, surprising Castiel with his honesty. "His name is Castiel. He's a couple millennia old at least, real age unknown. He was first seen for sale around 1430, and was purchased then as a servant." Castiel held in his snort. He was purchased as a weapon, a soldier, not a servant. But he didn't correct the handler. "His fighting strength is with a blade, and we're sure he has other skills and powers we're unaware of. He fought his handlers much more back then, but is pretty docile as of late." The handler paused and glanced around before stepping closer to Dean. "If you're also interested in other...aspects," The handler was whispering, though Castiel rolled his eyes, knowing nobody else cared, "I'm told he's very tight." Castiel stiffened. "His price is slightly higher because of it. He's been used before, but angels always seem to appear as tight as virgins." He smirked lightly, and it became obvious that the handler had tested the theory himself before. "And believe it or not," the man continued, an excited tinge to his voice now, "even the males tend to get wetter than female humans."
Castiel moved his wrist the best he could in his restraints and Dean watched with a judging eye.  Based on everything he had seen about the angel so far, he wasn't surprised at how easily he complied, even to this command. But he couldn't help but frown as he watched him emotionlessly tug on himself.  If there was anything Dean was an expert in, it was sex. And nothing about what Cas was doing was self-gratifying. His slow pace screamed that this was nothing but a show. It was almost sad to know that if he reached his orgasm this way it would be nothing more to him than checking off a tick on a to do list of household chores.
Cas looked over surprised not  sure how Dean had come to that conclusion at all. “Quite the opposite actually. I loved it. I think I listened to it half a dozen times.”
Castiel ignored the stinging as he looked down, suddenly feeling something pressing against his chest. Dean was pointing the angel blade at him, hard enough that it was making an indention where it pushed into skin, threatening to cut with anymore pressure. "Don't you
“I, uh, like you.” It’s a simple statement, devastating in its directness. Cas cannot believe it just came out of his mouth. The floor still doesn’t open up and swallow him. Fucking floor.
Cas resolutely pushes aside thoughts of Michael and concentrates on the coming adventure. He’s going north and finally seeing the aurora borealis, the northern lights, for himself. Alone, which isn’t how he’d imagined it, but he can live with that.
Cas sighs. “Let me explain. It really wasn’t what it looked like.”
Dean moves to the man lying on the ground, semiconscious and bleeding. It’s hard to see in the darkness of the street, but Dean’s hunch is correct. It’s Trench Coat.
“How much longer is the convention on?” Meg asks, feeding Spock a piece of pepperoni.
“I have an idea of what we might be dealing with.”
“Of course you can’t. Because there’s no explanation that’s going to work now that I’ve seen you with Youssef.” He turns his back on Cas and starts rummaging through his duffel.
Cas makes a noise of annoyance and follows the squirrel into the bunker, Dean at his heels. A shout from the den alerts them to which way it went. They run into the den to find Sam on his feet, staring at the doorway into the kitchen.
He tackles Mashaya and they go down together, Dean trying frantically to wrestle the gun away from him, to keep him from hurting Cas. It’s sloppy and brutal, Mashaya punching at Dean to get him to let go, and Dean hanging onto the rifle with all his strength. Mashaya’s slowly winning, rocking Dean’s head back with a punch that Dean feels as a starburst of pain, and the steady drip of blood from his nose. Dean desperately tightens his hands on the barrel of the gun, scared that Mashaya is going to use it on him if he lets go.
“Hello Dean.”
is the worst.”
His brain keeps going though, at full speed. What would it be like? What would it be like to actually bring to life the fantasies he entertains when alone in his room in the bunker or behind the wheel on those long drives to the next monster-killing ground? He feels
Dean shares the bed with Cas, who sticks to his own side of the bed and is restless, but doesn’t show any other symptoms. Dean has to admit that the way they’re sharing the bed is nothing like the stray daydreams he may or may not have had about the mysterious blue-eyed man he’d had in the week or so since he saw him in Abéché. Those had been decidedly less G-rated. He smiles at himself. How did he get into a situation like this? Sharing a bed with the guy that he’s nursing some kind of misguided crush on. At 8:30 he wakes Cas, who groans as he opens his eyes.
It’s still cold. The sun’s been up for couple of hours now, but Christina is too wired for sleep. The snow stopped last night at dusk, but the wind has piled it up in drifts against cabins and across pathways. As she passes the last of the inhabited cabins, the well-trodden path narrows to a single line of footprints, fresh in the snow.
A hush falls over the people in the tundra buggy as the first green wisps appear in the sky to the north. As if an errant invisible paint brush were swirling colour across the vastness of the night sky, the wisps lengthen, becoming curtains of green that shimmer and dip, dancing to music that no one can hear. Cas takes the flask that Charlie passes to him and drinks, and hands it back.
Dean’s unsure whether to thank her or be offended. He settles for grunting at her and refilling his coffee mug. “Where’s Cas?” he says over his shoulder.
“Try not to put the bandage under the spray,” Cas calls, “I’m not sure how waterproof the tape is.”
“Like someone jackhammered my head. How are you so cheerful this early?”
“Excuse me,” a deep voice says, and Cas looks up as the man smiles a quick apology and heads for the cashier. Cas refocuses on the earbud display, and it takes a second for his brain to catch up with his eyes. All thoughts of Michael flee as Cas whips his head around and takes in the man who’d brushed past him. He’s standing at the cash register flipping his wallet open. He’s dressed in jeans and boots, a flannel shirt unbuttoned over a tee shirt, navy blue parka folded over his arm. Light brown hair is casually mussed and he’s bestowing a dazzling smile on the cashier. By the time Cas has remembered that staring is rude, the man is gone, striding out of the store and down the concourse. Cas sighs to himself and pays for his gum, new earbuds (blue), and a couple of bars of chocolate.
Anytime you want to you can turn me onto
“I told them they might need a doctor for the girls, didn’t really give them a chance to say no.” Cas brushes the hair away from Dean’s forehead, an echo of their night together in the desert. “I couldn’t wait here, I had to go with them and find you.”
Despite the coffee, Dean’s feeling the beginning of a headache. A souvenir of the night before at the Bucket, no doubt. He fumbles in his backpack and pulls out some Tylenol, which he washes down with bottled water and puts both back in the pack. “I’m pretty sure my headache is Gabe’s fault,” he grouses, remembering Gabe buying more than one round of beer the night before. “He’s incorrigible. I hope your other brother is a better person.”
Dean moves as quickly as he can, having to duck into someone’s quarters once to avoid being seen by one of the militants. He’s behind one of the hospital tents when he sees movement just outside of the area lit by the sodium lights of the camp. Keeping to the shadows, he moves along the wall of the hospital tent and, using a dumpster marked for medical waste for cover, peers around to see who it is.
Dean pouts, but doesn’t disagree. After Cas is finished, he grabs a towel and his shaving kit from his duffle and walks stiffly to the door. Cas follows.
“Where’s Meg?” Dean asks.
Soon he’s hustled back onto the buggy by the other hardy photographers and he swipes at the frozen moisture on his face. The lights are still visible through the windows of the buggy. A reverent silence has fallen on the passengers who half an hour before were talking and joking. Charlie and Dorothy are sitting, arms around each other in awe. The only sounds are gasps and indrawn breaths at the beauty of the celestial display before them.
Gabe nodded some and gave a tired yawn but when he told Dean thank you he could tell it was sincere.  He was just about to go when Meg caught his eye and the two stared at each other for a moment. Dean made a ‘what did I do to you face’ while Meg’s expression held something unfamiliar to Dean. He made a 'whatever' face without saying anything and headed to the front door.
Dean got his second boot on and went to stand, but before he could, Cas grabbed his wrist and held it lightly. He looked over to him a little surprised at the sudden movement and looked back down just as quickly. Those stupid blue eyes were looking at him with concern of all things. Cas wouldn't say it, but he was worried about Dean, and after his temporary insanity last night, how could he not be.
And no, he and Ruby weren’t dating. They were certainly screwing every now and then. What Gabriel also didn’t know was the drugs came after the sex. Not at first when things were still fun and easy like they were supposed to be. But definitely after it had dawned on him that he was using Ruby as a substitute for the guy that he wanted to be with. He was putting his shoes on when she casually asked if he wanted a bump. Feeling pretty disgusted with himself he figured it wouldn’t hurt before going back home where he had to pretend he was fine again. But what he hadn’t anticipated was the drugs effect on him. He became an unfiltered and outspoken in all the ways he never dreamed he could be with Gabe.
The waitress came back with two champagne flutes in one hand and a bottle in the other. “Would you like me to open it for you?” she asked politely with a smile.
He turned the page back to where he found it before setting the notebook down again seeing some of the words and frowning.
fucking cum again without my fucking permission." Dean practically growled.
“Do you want me to-“
Fifteen minutes into writing he crossed the room again to get his third cup of coffee causing Cas let out a chuckle. "Slow down, tiger. I'll make some more." Cas got up from the desk he had moved to while Dean did important things and he played with an etch-a-sketch that he snatched at the last supply run. Dean rolled his eyes when he saw it but didn't make any comments.
“Gimme an El Sol. Bottle is fine."  Chuck reached down grab the beer and Dean bit his lip before asking, "Hey have you seen Cas?”
A tiny wave of relief passed over Dean but he masked it as he said with complete confidence, “a small one though since apple is the most superior of pies.”
gay. This would prove that for sure.
wouldn’t be able to fly away and escape before he went to bed. He had double checked, then triple checked the restraints on the wall by the bed in the room it would occupy. All necessary, of course. Not that Dean thought he could handle it. He had done his research and eliminated all risks. However, he wasn’t planning on letting his angel do a lot of heavy lifting. Not when the rumors were that sex with an Angel was the most mind blowing fucking experience a human could have.
“Don’t call me back if you don’t want to. I know I acted like a prick back there... “
"Yeah, next stop is the dance," he answered more gloomily than he meant too.
“Just talking about Cas again,” Gabe said with a sigh as he lightly tossed his phone onto the bar. They got there early enough that they still had the place to themselves. Nobody else would be in for another thirty minutes and Gabriel was pretty sure that he would never want to actually stop kissing Sam Winchester.  While Sam continued and his own lips were free, he couldn’t help but bring up. “So your brother… you don’t think… oh, I don’t know… that he has a little crush on my brother, do you?”
Dean frowned again. “I don’t need you told hold my hair while I puke, Sam. ‘m fine.” Sam put his hands up in surrender but Dean’s eyes were still shut. “Will just stay here. Too much spinning ta move.” Sam nodded some and moved for the hall closet that had a couple of blankets in it. He set one over the back of the couch and the other laid out on his brother.
There were other words scrawled more like notes than sentences that Dean noted were pretty dark. While he didn’t know Cas’ method for song making, he was pretty positive this wasn’t it. He looked back to the door again before picking up the book and going backwards now. Three… four… five pages completely covered in religious beratings about hellfire and damnation and sinning. Dean frowned some knowing full well that was part of it but definitely noticing that the heaven and forgiveness part seemed to be missing from whatever Cas was fixated on.  He turned it back another page was surprised to see a fancy kind of script that was actually all the lyrics to Stairway to Heaven. He blinked a couple of times as he read over some of the lyrics that he had memorized years back and wondered if Cas had written them to commit them to memory as well.
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2ch0LjcyC9GTybF0Ux5qHL?si=vjQoKn_wTke9qs7cvJJC0Q
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said abruptly before quickly walking away, leaving the Winchester to turn his head and look after him.  When he disappeared into the hallway Dean let out a tired sigh and scrubbed his face some before turning onto his side annoyed with himself. Cas was probably just joking with him, kissing him for shock value before he had practically assaulted his mouth.
in and pushed send before promptly falling asleep.
In the Impala, Dean grabbed a cassette, shoved it in, and cranked the volume leaving the car ride to the Chinese place loud and little room for conversation.  Not used to anyone ever riding in the back of the impala he kept looking in his rear view mirror as Cas seemed content looking out the side windows watching the world go by as they drove.  Before they left he changed into his suit and trench coat and Dean was starting to notice the pattern that he was fine wearing jeans and t-shirts around the house but would almost always change when they went out, as if the trench coat were some uniform.  Not that Dean minded. He looked at Cas again, this time Castiel’s eyes catching him which made Dean look back to the road quickly.  Castiel smiled to himself and looked out the window.
“Fine,” Cas grumbled gruffly while Gabe let out a sing-songy, “perfect.”
“He worked all night?” Gabe asked a little shocked. Gabe looked in the direction of Cas’ room before looking back to Dean. “Actions speak louder than words. He’s probably coming up with a hell of a diss track to get back at her or something.”
“Are ya fuckin’ waiting for an answer?” Dean rolled his eyes as he wrapped the towel around his waist. “I thought I made myself perfectly…“ He pulled the shower curtain open and the two boys stared at each other a moment before Dean thoughtlessly finished his sentence. “…clear.”
too many stories for all of them to be true. Owning an angel was a very rare thing. And on the site, Dean had found it was hard to weed out the true stories from the fake one. Still, he could always find one that would get him going, end up grabbing his cock and letting his imagination run away with itself.  He was starting to prefer fantasies to actual people. The things he would read, real experience or the fantasies of those like him, it didn't matter. They were the last thing he would think about before he found any sleep at night.
Cas!”Charlie and Andy exclaimed in unison as they looked up as well.
Dean looked passed his phone at the boy lingering in the door way with a “mm?” before it dawned on him what he was talking about. “Oh? Please tell me you’re a huge Townsend fan now so I don’t have to think less of you.”
“How many times do I have to tell you?” Balthazar asked with a full mouth before swallowing. “Écris une chanson contente, pas une chanson déprimante.”
could handle and be ready for any sudden changes.
Shouldn’t I be asking you that?” He chuckled but there wasn’t anything funny about it.  Cas squinted some as he watched Dean animatedly talk with his hands in a way that he wouldn’t usually. “Anyway I’m jus’ hangin’ out and gon’ get some shut eye if you know whatta mean. Why, how’re you?” The words rushed out in his drunken state and he blinked hard as he tried to keep his face looking normal hoping that he was passing for sober.
He thought about skipping out on coming tonight but figured there was a better chance of him showing up here than at the house if that was the case. So he let Sam drag him out hoping to bump into him.
“I hope it’s nothing going around.”  Chuck stated with a worried expression, his eyes darting around camp as if looking for a plague.  The last time a bug went around camp Chuck seemed to have caught the worst of it.  His small frame was bent over the toilet for days and anytime he wasn’t throwing up he was in bed, to exhausted too move and too achy to sleep.
And he did. After his black coffee and short stack with bacon, he headed over to what he thought was a small locally owned bookstore.  Well, it was. But what he didn’t know from the name “Bela’s Books and Boutique was that it was all metaphysical books and things. He walked a couple of the aisles not wanting to appear rude by leaving so soon after entering.  But his walk down the aisles soon turned to casual meandering as slowed looking at different items caught his eye. Some of it because it was ridiculous or at the very least hard to imagine someone actually doing. Love potions and spells were on the top of the ridiculous list. The dark spells and rituals were another eye roll. He had seen
Dean frowned at that some. He knew a lot of people didn’t casually have sex the way that he did but he didn’t know anyone who didn’t like kissing occasionally. “Like…
Cas blinked once again, head tilting to the side as he eyed the male curiously.  He was sure this was some kind of a chess game of questions but he wasn't sure what answer to give that might give him a winning edge. After all, what did the human care if he enjoyed it? He knew he should just say no, or that he didn't care. That he was simply willing and happy to do any task that his master requires of him. But he was caught so off guard by the question, he once again found himself answering truthfully.
Winchester was sitting on the ground absently tossing rocks in, too lazy or too tired to even attempt skipping them over the water. This was the first time that Cas had seen him in person. The file had his background, probably more than the guy even knew about himself, and a photo paper clipped on top.  Even in the moonlight Cas could tell that the guy was tan and freckled from the sun. His button up shirt fit well and showed the definition of his arms. Cas inhaled slowly taking it all in and biting his lip some at the sight before a soft smile spread over his face. It was going to be easier than he thought to get the girls cat fighting over this one.
He snuggled into the covers before eventually falling asleep with his phone in his hand while waiting for a reply that never came.
Cas and him had done the deed... Right? Saturday couldn’t get here fast enough. He really needed Chuck to spell some stuff out to him. The subject was way too touchy to just bring up casually to Castiel. Still, there was no doubt in his mind that Dean was the reason he was wearing it. He only had to be within earshot of the Impala to know that 70s and 80s rock had Dean Winchester written all over it.
happened, or why everyone would leave him alone while he was still in this state of inebriation. With a soft sigh he moved forward and sat cross legged on the floor in front of the couch. “If you’re going to sleep you should take your boots off,” he said simply and reached out to help, pulling on one of them. Dean watched silently, raising his foot to help get his shoe to slide off.  He allowed Cas to remove it and the other, not at all annoyed with him the way he would have been if his brother had tried to baby him like this.  “You went to the bar?” Cas asked, filling the silence between them as he berated himself internally for asking. It was none of his business how the guy spent his time. The girl at the bookstore filled his mind and he wondered if he had been on a date with her. He hated himself for letting the thought bother him.
He had enough to drink the night before that his breakfast had been nothing more than water to re-hydrate with a small handful of Tylenol for his headache.  But he hadn’t had enough that he had completely forgotten what happened between him and Cas before he passed out on the couch.  It wasn’t like him being out of the house all day was unusual, but since he had been too chicken to text him, he wasn’t sure if the reason was because he was avoiding Dean or just busy.
"Yeah, yeah." Dean responded, already getting into his car. His favorite cassettes were in the passenger seat and his clothes were tucked away in the trunk. He started her engine and looked over at him. "See you in three months, Bobby."
“You didn’t bring Sam?” Cas asked as he played with one of the forks on the table as they waited for the waitress to come over.
Dean nodded easily happy to do so but rolled his eyes when he heard that Sam and Cas talking from the kitchen table about how the contract would work. He decided to let it go. It wasn’t any of his business after all, and from their discussion earlier, it seemed like Cas was willing to give it a shot. Still, Dean couldn’t help but ask Gabe in a low whisper, “you wouldn’t really kick him out if he didn’t want to sing, would you?” Gabe chuckled and figured that was a point for Dean for being concerned enough to ask. He removed the lollipop from his mouth to answer, “and have him what, move in with Meg? I don’t think so... but if it’s official then Sam gets to practice and he might take his work a bit more seriously than giving it to that demon he’s befriended.” Dean chuckled some and figured Gabe had to be an okay guy if he was looking out for Sam, his brother, and the two could share an honest dislike for Meg.  Dean hadn’t even officially met her, but her being Cas’ buddy-buddy back at the club was a bit disconcerting to say the least.  Like Gabe, Dean could at least appreciate that someone, even if it was Meg, had been there for him through the worst of everything. Or at least what Dean and Gabe both hoped was the worst of everything.
“Mm night.” Dean repeated to no one. Sam chuckled and scratched his head.
Dean huffed, not at all understanding what the hell was going on and too impatient with Gabriel’s cryptic back story to figure it out tonight.
Just like last week, people were already starting to stand up and sing the lyrics as they repeated. It wasn’t Dean’s style but he couldn’t blame them. The energy was off the charts and every single person on stage was invested in what they were doing and why they were here.  Knowing that Castiel was next and he had a more timid personality he wondered how he would do with a song completely produced by his brother.
At some point over the summer, Balthazar decided that he was going to start high school officially and wondered if that would force his friend to look inward to himself and his own thoughts and feelings, rather than adopting his fathers. But he had finally done it and all Cas did was stay quiet, which was actually scarier than all of the reactions he had played through in his mind.
.” Meg, sensing their irritation gave an eye roll but otherwise ignored them.
Left without a voice to follow, Dean took another step forward coming down on a piece of fabric that made him slip and lose his balance. Just as he closed his eyes preparing to go down he felt a hand grab his arm and pull him back up. “Fuck…” Dean huffed out surprised and let out a nervous chuckle. “Thanks.”
"What?" Gabe’s eyes squinted looking at Castiel suspiciously, this question not being at all what he expected. His face turned skeptical and confused as he realized what his twenty two year old brother was asking. “Like a sleep over?”
“Dean, you’re up!” Sam teased when he saw his brother emerging from the kitchen, not at all surprised to see the first thing he did was find coffee.
they're finally gonna meet in chapter 4. damn that was a long introduction.
As the minutes passed, the room became more filled and minutes before the curtain opened, it could even be described as rowdy.  Dean saw some of the same faces as last week and figured that this place had a lot of regulars.  One guy in particular was a shorter man who Dean didn’t really give a second thought to the first time he saw him, but he stood out today because he was alone wearing an expensive looking black suit on black dress shirt with a black tie just as he was the previous time.
Cas took a step forward toward Dean. He stopped breathing when he felt the boys hands brush his neck. Dean blushed lightly at the way Cas stared at him, even at this close distance while his fingers worked to straighten his friend's blue tie. He looked even hotter in a suit, if that were at all possible. "There," he said finally and leaned back to look at him.
Before she could tell him anything else Gabriel turned back around. “Well, well, well,” the boy stared with a smile. “Looks like you’re in luck after all now that there is an adequate audience to receive you.” Not really, but he was going to let the fact that she wasn’t auditioning on an open day slide, after all, his Chinese food was getting cold. Gabe always found something missing each time that prevented her from joining the team. Either she didn’t interact well with the audience, the arrangement just wasn’t on level with what other performers could do… She stole her brother’s lyrics. Always something. And he didn’t think that this time would be different.  He gestured with arm out to the stage letting her know she could proceed when she was ready.
The footsteps stopped and there was a beat of silence before a gruff voice finally asked, “Dean?”
… “F-from Mae’s?”
before Balthazar slapped at the radio trying to change the station quickly. “Not bloody that one,” he growled, making Cas laugh lightly.
He glanced at the camera before looking back at the host quickly. “I wouldn’t say nervous. More… excited. To meet everyone.” He looked again at the camera but found no confirmation in the lens that his words were acceptable so turned his attention back to the host.
Balthazar downed the rest of his whiskey and shook his head. “Don’t be. It gets worse. We get back to my place and he’s jittery. Pacing back and forth and pretending like everything is okay because we’re together and he’s creating this life for us that doesn’t exist. Talking about how we can be together now. And Gabriel, If I could go back and change things I would. I would pretend just for a little bit... Because it’s obvious now he was panicking because he had just lost
Just as the bass solo started Gabe jumped up from his seat making Dean look over at Sam confused. Sam’s expression practically matched Dean’s and he moved some to get a better look at where Gabe was headed. He shrugged again at Dean but the concern was clear in his eyes. Dean looked back toward the stage, figuring he was headed to Meg in order to congratulate on getting a spot in his show, but surprisingly he made a beeline straight to Cas.
Normally when Gabe worked with others he was left alone to write lyrics and poems, read books, or talk to Chuck at the bar. Recently because of his contractual obligations he was starting to talk to Ash more. Ash was a mullet wearing soundboard genius who was a musical technology guru. On more than one occasion Cas heard him refer to himself as Dr. Badass and as ridiculous as that sounded, everyone agreed whole heartedly. Gabe always had ideas in his head for production that made simple lyrics become amazing songs. He could work the technology pretty well, but one time Cas watched his brother simply say “and then we need a drum beat at 70 beats per minute that goes-“ sang what he heard in his head, and less than 20 seconds later Ash had found the right sound program, pushed a few buttons and replicated what his brother had sang to a T. He was the main reason why making songs in a week to two weeks’ time with perfect production quality was possible in the club. Cas’ song was now finished except for needing to do a final dress rehearsal tomorrow afternoon because Gabe’s vision had back up singing and they needed to know their cues for coming in and finish any choreography. The song was not Cas’ style at all. Cas was most comfortable behind a piano with just his voice. This was… high production, Cas front and center, timed lighting and just not him. Except for the lyrics. Which were incredibly personal and painful and honestly he just wasn’t sure if he would be able to go through with it.
The piano stopped and the audience sat for a moment in awe, still and quiet. Cas had just enough time to blush as if remembering exactly where he was once the music stopped before the crowd erupted into the loudest cheers that Gabe had ever heard. Not drunken loud applause, but an audience that was truly moved and trying to pay back an artist for sharing a piece of himself with them. "Good job little brother," Gabe whispered to himself with a soft smile as he watched his brother hurry off the stage in the opposite direction.
The government was still trying to fence up contaminated areas in order to contain the virus. The cities and towns had curfews but recently more and more people were being evacuated to camps, much like the one Dean was in.
“Sooo…” Cas echoed before finally saying, “sorry about yesterday.” He was still holding his ground and staring up at Dean while he finished his sip and put the cup down next to himself on the counter.
Dean was wide eyed for a second looking at Cas and taking in the sight before him before remembering that Gabe and Meg had been standing in the doorway.  He scrambled out from under the boy and popped up as he looked over at the two forcing himself to look away from Cas.  “Y-You can’t tell him what to wear.” Dean said trying to find his voice again. “Just… fuckin’ give him a break, Gabe. He’s doing his music. Let him wear whatever he wants.” He reached down and with eyes still on Gabe, gave Cas a hand pulling him up beside him.
“You’re coming, right?” Balthazar leaned against Cas’ car. He felt like he never saw him anymore, outside of the few classes that they had together. Cas wouldn’t even come over and spend the night anymore, always saying he had a busy schedule and early mornings, sometimes even going into the church before school.
Dean’s immediate reaction was to scowl. A beat of silence passed as he took a forced breath and sat back down on his bed where he had jumped up from as he saw Cas’ name on the caller I.D. “Okay, I’m listening…” he confirmed before Meg started filling him in.
Cas licked his lips slightly before looking down at himself. Meg's words didn’t reach him. Right now he just wondered if Dean was going to be there.
Dean was willing to look anywhere but at Cas and in keeping his eyes down realized the thing that he kept slipping on was one of the sleeves to the trench coat. He picked it up and held it out to Cas as if he were naked and handing him a towel.  The boy took it without offense and turned his back to Dean as he put it on to help cover himself. “Thanks for coming,” he said as he straightened the collar, once again feeling like burden to the people around him.
“That’s your mystery freelancer?” Gabe asked, already knowing the answer. Why would his boss tell anyone the truth when he could conceal it for a big dramatic reveal?
“Not Cas. Meg. We need to talk.”
Now in bed his lips were still slightly curved into a smile as he looked through the photos in the dark as he lay under the blankets. For whatever reason, one he couldn’t fully explain, he wanted to share that happiness with Cas. He knew that Gabriel was likely working him too hard considering they were gone before he got up and came in late. Half way through the week with the show coming up on Friday and Dean hadn’t seen either of the Novak’s in two days. Before he could overthink it he sent a selfie shot of the four of them to Cas. He thought about adding something to go with it but
“You did your brother good. Hell, the kid’s smarter than anyone I know. But he didn’t get to where he is alone,” Bobby said lecturing him one night. It was true that Dean dropped out of high school to take care of his brother after his parents died in a house fire more than a few years back. The only reason that Dean even bothered to get his GED was because Bobby threatened to fire him from the garage if he didn’t. That was their deal. Dean could work full time if he promised to get that damn certificate. “Sam is exactly where he needs to be. But what are you doing for you now that he’s gone?” It was a conversation Bobby brought up more often than Dean liked and by now he almost knew them by heart. Going to California for the summer was Sam’s idea, but Dean secretly wondered if Bobby had helped plant the idea in his little brother’s brain.
Castiel caught Dean’s eyes and for a second the sober look came back as they stared at each other. The intense stare that usually made Dean’s heart pound, and would have, if the sideways grin didn’t spread over his face… the one that also made Dean’s heart skip a beat but only came out when Cas was loaded.
Dean let out a soft sigh as he berated himself internally for worrying. He started walking to his room but slowed when he heard the front door unlocking.  The boys were arguing playfully and quite loudly and Dean’s face almost looked like a disapproving father catching his kids past curfew. Sam stopped immediately wondering if his brother had seen them making out in the car before they came in. He swallowed hard while Gabe walked passed him, completely cool as a cucumber.  “Hey there, Dean-o. You’re brothers got some brawn with them brains. We got the work done in half the time with him.”
Dean froze into place as their eyes locked for a second. He gave him a light head nod that he felt screamed something though he, himself had no idea what. It felt like Cas had received the message though because he thought he saw some kind of recognition in his eyes before he looked away again.
Finally, Dean begin to calm beneath him as he stopped attempting to push him away and instead clung to his trench coat holding him close.  Cas managed to lift his head from the crook of Dean’s neck and look up to find his green eyes bloodshot and red from tears.  Without thinking he kisses at his cheeks where tears had fallen, tasting the salty wetness.
Castiel put the bag he was holding with Dean’s pie on the counter. Balthazar had driven him to Mae’s before dropping him off, promising he would be back to hang out tomorrow before he left. “Hmm?” Cas asked before realizing Gabe was asking specifically if he and his best friend were okay. “Oh, yeah. Everything’s good.”
“Hell yeah,” Dean said and hopped off the counter. He loved breakfast food. “I’ll go wake Sammy.”
Dean took another long drink at the realization that he was worried about Cas at all. He didn’t even know him.
Dean was relieved when they decided just to head back to the house and drink beers in the living room. At least this way when he wanted to excuse himself to go to sleep he could bow out gracefully, and after the long drive, he didn't think he'd be able to make it a lot longer. With Charlie and Andy leading the way in the car in front of them Sam filled the silence between them with the small talk they didn't have time for earlier. He had just finished telling him about how he did on his finals before Dean finally steered the conversation the direction he wanted it to go. "So... Castiel..."
Seeing Sam like this now he realized how wrong he had been.  The guy wasn’t just drunk, he was high off his ass. This was something that Castiel had never experienced himself but had seen more than a handful of times at
to angels anymore. They abused them, used them, forced them to do their bidding. They didn't -
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother before turning to him and throwing up his hands lightly. “Not… I don’t know… Chinese food.” Dean thought about it for a second pursing his lips and nodding. Kid had a point. And he could guess that eating from the place you worked every day probably got a bit old anyway.
Dean chewed his lip for a moment, realizing that the tables were turning in his favor.  He might not be running out of here like he wanted, but he definitely had some leverage to make his life a lot easier while he was forced to stay. He smiled over at Cas when the idea hit him.
"But is
“Hey.” Dean answered simply and turned back onto the main road. He noticed when Cas slid into the seat that he was back to wearing his trench coat and blue tie and he wondered if the look he thought was for the stage was more of an everyday kind of look. Dean didn’t mind but he felt less silly for wearing a button down now instead of the band shirt he had on earlier today.
Dean knew it didn’t work like that, but he made a habit of blaming himself for shit he wasn’t in control of his whole life.  Why stop now? When he was unable to take the confinement of the small cabin any longer, Dean stepped outside.
Cas watched her for a second, less fazed now than when Gabriel had mentioned that he might have feelings for Winchester. He headed for the exit, leaving the limo for Lisa and headed to Dean’s house.
Sam could see the mental anguish that Cas was putting himself through and he chuckled some making Cas look up confused. "It's okay, Cas. I mean. It's going to be. Everything is fine." He finally settled on and started for the kitchen, leaving Cas to follow.
He moved to get himself settled on the bed the best he could since his wrists were still tied to his thighs, and then he waited. There was nothing else he could do or wished to do. He glanced at the door, thinking he heard a noise, but it went away as soon as it came. Cas shook his head and closed his eyes, letting everything wash away and his mind wander. Mediation was something he learned long ago. It came in handy for ridding himself of pesky emotions that tried to penetrate their way through. It kept him safe.
Ash had found his rhythm, not that he was faltering or anything before, but now he was able to enjoy himself more than concentrate as he added new sounds into the song on the fly with perfect timing.
Cas rolled his eyes. Of all the parties he went to that Balthazar threw, he never drank or did drugs. “I haven’t taken anything. I’ve just been… trying to figure it all out. We’re doing this whole-”
“States that if I’m to keep living here I have to sing at least one of my songs per week.  Gabe thinks it’s… therapeutic… to confront my past so directly.  And to be honest,” he took a drink of his coffee and sighed, “I was happy to push that song off to Meg. Writing things down to get them out of my head is one thing…” Cas shook his head, eyes a little unfocused as he continued, “saying it out loud... singing it… that makes it real. And that’s the hard part.” His eyes came into focus and he blinked some figuring all of this was probably boring to Dean.  He cleared his throat and shrugged, “That’s what Gabe thinks I should do, anyway. That’s what he said he did when he got out of there. He said it’s the only thing that helped him be normal. If you want to call Gabe
Cas’s ass looked?
None of the others had said anything as John had strode forwards and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, their eyes wide and terrified at the imposing figure he made. Dean had flinched, sure he had known what was about to come, but John had simply dragged him from the garden by his shirt without a word. The last thing Dean saw before the Impala’s door was slammed behind him was Drew’s terrified expression peering at him from the front door.
He waited for a moment, listening for any hint of movement from within, and frowned when none came.
Dean didn’t let himself think too hard about it.
Cas nodded his head, hair at his nape tickling Dean’s palm, and they lapsed back into a comfortable silence. Only when Dean’s arm started to go numb did he reluctantly pull his hand away, already missing the warmth against his palm. His chest ached faintly when, glancing back at Cas, he realised his eyes had fallen permanently closed at some point, because he made an adorably disgruntled noise and blinked them open again.
. Dean drifted over to a table along the back wall and peered down at what looked to be a half-completed spell. A book lay open and handwritten words in a language he didn’t understand stared back at him. Ingredients – some he vaguely recognised, and some he had no idea about – littered the surface, actively rotting, and the smell caught in the back of his throat.
in a stranger’s bed, so worn out by whatever the two of them had been up to that not even whatever angel mojo he had left had been able to keep him awake. Dean decidedly
He couldn’t bring himself to finish his sentence. Dread, cold and heavy, had settled in his gut, drowning out some of his initial panic. Dread was worse, he thought; dread was a little too close to acceptance, and he had neither the time nor the patience to unpack what that might mean.
Cas stared at Dean, absolutely hating that he felt like this was his fault. Before he could respond, Dean added, “I, uh, kind of have this way of ruining everything I touch.” A slightly manic chuckle escaped that he cut off.
“Gabe,” his voice cracked some on his name alone and his eyes teared up. “You’re my best friend. And I don’t want to lose you.” It was the truest thing he could have said in the mountain of lies he was telling himself.
Dean’s rolled his eyes feeling annoyed. “Sam, what exactly is it that we’re trying to make? I drove fifteen hours yesterday and am finishing up ten today. Don’t you think it would be nice just to let me-“
