Something in the way Dean said this, or maybe in the words themselves, stops Benny. He pulls away, slowly. Warily. “Dean, Brother, I like you a lot, but you know me, I don’t do Heats.”
“It’s too late,” she goes on. “He’s too far gone. There’s nothing I can do to bring him back to me.”
They’re both drunk, Dean’s even slightly dizzy since he doesn’t hold his liquor as well as he used to before he started working for Cas. But he hasn’t been to a bar as a customer for… God. He doesn’t even know how long.
But also… Dean doesn’t want to hope too much, but maybe Cas will be a bit jealous. Maybe now he’ll understand why Dean is bringing up Amelia so often.
With a chuckle, Dean scratches the back of his head, “I think it’s obvious, yeah. But I have Cas, and Sam, here…” he gives his brother a look, “so I think I’ll be okay.”
“They why didn’t they stayed with him more than a couple of months?” Aaron asks, angrier and angrier by the seconds.
He’s still bitter, of course. He was really pumped for that kiss, but he can’t really hold it against Cas. Everybody has their own trials with alcohol. Cas just chose an awful time to have his own.
Somehow, the hour he took to empty his SD cards and set up his cameras again put him in a good mood.
Of course, Dean’s not here for that. He needs to focus on his classes, because it’s only been a month of trying to reconcile classes and work, and he’s so, so tired. But he’s never felt more free in his life. It’s really strange. He’s… not happy, per se, but contented.
If he understands correctly, the last floor up is closed to the clients, and they use it as their sleeping quarters.
For good measure, he turns around, taking a scarf he forgot to bring home at the end of the winter from the coat hanger, throws it angrily inside the box.
It’s a theme with them that they don’t talk about what they do when one or both of them finds themselves naked.
He needs to take this whole Benny thing out of his mind, and make it up to his wife. He’s angry with the way she reacted, cold as she was in front of her friends, but he understands where her anger comes from. He can’t blame her.
He can’t have that on his conscience. Besides, his own life would be ruined too. He doesn’t want to think about what it would be like.
He’s not even going to entertain the thought. He’s too old for it, and anyway he doesn’t have the time, or the means for that matter.
Dean follows him with his eyes as Cas takes a bottle of blockers, a few test tubes and big q-tips out of the bag. “Good idea.”
Funding is not the problem. He’s a well-respected obstetrician, and he’s brought so many patients in, by the strength of his reputation alone, that he could ask for any amount of money and they’d give it to him.
There was no mistaking this as anything else but an order, and Dean obliged, until Cas was sweating and Dean’s dick felt like it was about to tear his pants open. Cas had stop talking for a while now, and Dean, feeling as tired as Cas looked, bent down, finally kneeling between Castiel’s legs.
And anyway, Aaron’s probably in class, and Dean doesn’t have the number to his landline if he isn’t. He’s not about to call the school’s desk to ask Aaron to come fuck him through his heat.
How Dean managed to judge his character so accurately on the first meeting is beyond Castiel. Maybe it’s an omega thing. Maybe it’s a Dean thing.
“I’m angling for something on the top floor. It’s a bigger space, emptier too, but I like it better. It means we’d be able to add rooms if we need them.”
Dean can’t answer right away. Not only because he’s surprised, but also because he has to make sense of it first.
He’s been holding his breath, he realizes suddenly. He wants to say yes. God help him, he’s about to.
The fourth time, Dean thought that maybe he was doing this the wrong way. Literally. If Cas was going all dominant on his ass when he was bottoming, then maybe he would be a little more submissive when topping.
“Right. But you can’t do this,” she waves around, “and your other job. You can’t keep going like this. And,” she raises a finger as he opens his mouth to speak. “You’re a smart kid. You have a shot at a career in science, Dean. This is everything! You can’t waste it on some bartending job.” She shrugs. “Unless you really want to be a bartender for the rest of your life. Whatever floats your boat. But I don’t think this is it.”
“No,” Dean shakes his head. “I’m just, huh, surprised.” With a shrug, he turns around completely, settling on his knees before taking Cas’s hands in his. “I mean, it’s certainly not worse than waking with a hungover and finding out you got drunk-hitched the night before.”
“This is useless!” She slumps on herself, her glass of wine forgotten on the table next to her. “Talking to you, it won’t help me. Not with Cassie.”
“Listen,” he says, rubbing the bridge of his nose. Now’s not the time to get a stress-headache. “It was nice seeing you, but I really need to get going.”
That’s Castiel’s cue, and he takes it, lying down on Dean with a graceful sway of his hips. Now Dean’s almost naked, his underwear the only thing still in the way. Cas is fully clothed. Dean likes the power imbalance it creates, likes how vulnerable but safe it makes him feel.
“I…” he huffs a humorless laugh. “I shouldn’t have come,” he says, pushing away from the wall he was leaning on. “I’ll just… I’ll go see Cas, and find an excu—”
, a single word should definitely not have that erotic effect on Dean, but it does, sending a shiver up his spine.
And, really, it doesn’t hurt that Dean is gorgeous, has an easy smile that could charm the pants off of anybody that walks into their office, and can type faster than any secretary Castiel’s ever had.
And that’s it for Dean. He’s pushing forward, a strong ‘fuck you!’ on the tip of his tongue when Ash almost
With a sigh, he gets up again, makes himself some tea, and settles back at the table. He has his notes on their latest candidates, so he could work on that. Going through them, the name Roy Olson jumps up at him, and he purses his lips instinctively.
He checks his watch. Seven forty-two. Cas must be coming close to the end of his run. In five minutes, he’ll be in the showers. At eight sharp, he’ll be here.
Truly, Dean is pissed. But seeing Cas all calm and fine pacifies him somewhat, and now he’s just… perplexed. Zachariah Adler is a dangerous man. Underestimating him would be a grave mistake, but Cas is not worried at all, so… Dean might as well trust his judgment.
Of course he will be. School hasn’t started yet. He couldn’t wait to go, before, but now he thinks that, if Dean is staying, then he’ll have a great summer, and he probably won’t want it to end. “Yes,” he answers, instead of explaining everything.
“I understand. I…” He’s so very conscious of the weight of his erection and the way his cheeks are heating that he can’t help eyeing the door to the laundry room constantly. He’s starting to sweat. “I’m right there with you.”
The journalist gives her cameraman a thumb up, and takes her place next to them. “I’m here with two new-comers, Dean Wesson and Cassie Smith, but you might know them better as Hunter and Angel,” she exclaims, cheery and bright. She turns to them, “So guys. How does it feel to be here tonight?”
“Because he’s—he’s a bit of an ass!” Dean almost cries, throwing his arms in the air. “He was nice to you because you’re my boyfriend, but with anyone else he doesn’t know who’s not a patient he’s rude to, and short-tempered, and not everyone can handle that!”
Today, Sam’s exams start. Next Monday he’ll be graduating. And then he’ll leave. Dean doesn’t want to think about it.
“Of course I found out! You don’t give me any notice, you prevent me from reaching my office, is the Board even informed of this?!”
The Doc’s very patient, though. He waits until Dean can let his hands down, waits until his cheeks aren’t burning as much. When Dean looks down on the intake form, he sees that the Doc has written – upside down, of course – ‘rimming’.
“Oh,” Anna pipes up, suddenly happy to be back on a safe subject, or so she thinks, “what a relief!”
He’s about to round his desk and say his goodbye to Dean before picking up the phone, but Dean is faster. He takes two steps to Martha’s desk and picks up one of the three phones in front of him. The one for Cas’s practice, incidentally.
He can imagine it, but this will never be enough. He should stop this while it hasn’t gone too far. After all, he has Aaron now. They went on a date. Which kind of means they’re together.
Cas sighs, “We’re in one of your favorite positions. I’m going as hard as I can maintain without climaxing too quickly, and I’m pretty sure I can go deeper this way than in any other position. This should be ideal. But you’re still not entirely here. What am I missing?”
So they don’t talk about what happened, yes, but at least the Doc’s nicer. More human, humane. Whatever.
Dean lets it fly over his head. The Doc’s voice, his presence. The beeping of the machines. Everything.
“I was researching ways of using handcuffs again when I found this website. It’s very interesting, Dean, look…”
“No, I called your house when I got to the hospital and you weren’t there yet. Sam was just about to leave but seeing as you hadn’t come home all night I promised I’d call him when he came back from school. So I did and you were still nowhere to be seen.”
“This is pointless,” the Doc says, “I told you it would skew the data. We would need one session with smell, and another without, perhaps, but this—” He chews on his lower lips. “I can’t risk interfering in your arousal, if you’re going to prove me wrong.”
Fuck, yes, this is it, right there, this is what he needs. His hand slides easily on his cock, helped by the previous sessions and the sweat covering his body. Dean knows he can come again, he knows, but somehow his body is fighting against him.
This show of vulnerability is so unexpected that Dean is struck dumb for a second, before he settles on, “Well, that’s what I’m here for.”
And what adds to the pain of wanting Dean so much is that Castiel knows they have no future. They can’t be together.
Dean just nods. He looks exhausted. Castiel makes a quick work of wiping himself up with a discarded t-shirt and takes Dean in his arms. Now he knows. He wants to spend the rest of his life with Dean. Mother talks about a wife, but Castiel doesn’t want that. He wants Dean. All of Dean. Forever.
He can only pant into Cas’s mouth, making valiant efforts to keep kissing him, but he’s starting to focus more on his lower body than anything else, on where they’re connected.
Ash lets out a strangled cry that sounds oddly like the name of someone before collapsing on the bed.
Okay, no. He’s not going to panic. Because this is not a date. Cas is not asking him out on a date. He’s just being his old weird self and is trying to show Dean he wants to spend actual time with him.
“I’m wondering something,” he finally says between sips of his chocolate milkshake, “and feel free to not answer if it’s inappropriate.”
He can’t deny that the number of comments and ‘Likes’ is impressive. There’s a shit ton of them. No way he’ll be able to read them all. He’s flattered, in a way, and it lights the now-familiar fire under his skin, the one that simmers inside him every time he thinks of Cas, and him, and the camera…
He’s never felt as elated during a heat before. There’s a part of him, deep inside, that sees Cas as his Alpha and that loves being ordered and ruined by him.
“Okay… I don’t know. He knows what he wants, isn’t afraid to ask, you know?” And he goes back to Cas at that, because it must be a little bit awkward for him as well. “So I never thought to check.”
When Dean understands the implications of Cas’s gesture, his stomach seems to coil under the sudden tension. But he doesn’t say anything, doesn’t move, because things are quiet and despite the small discomfort of guessing that Cas maybe has a breeding fetish, it feels rather nice.
Castiel feels numb. His heart seems to leap in his chest, sending blood rushing in his body, leaving him paralyzed. He hopes Gabriel is not telling him what he thinks he is.
Yes, he’s jealous of Benny. Not in the sense that Benny gets to have Dean, but more in the sense that he gets to experience sex with Dean whenever he please.
Looking at her, it’s only risking that she’ll see he has no idea what he’s doing with their marriage, and he can’t have that either.
As he exits the quiet suburban street, and takes the main avenue to find the interstate, his mind keeps reeling.
“I enjoy that,” he says, very slowly. He’s trying to pace himself so that he can find the right words. “I really do, but I don’t think I can… be friends with you. This isn’t working. I don’t even think I could just work with you anymore. I—I need some times. Without seeing you.”
And so Dean knows. This is really Cas. He doesn’t know why, doesn’t know how, doesn’t give a shit about any of it, because Cas is here, Cas is alive.
But the silence seem to remind him of who he’s with, what they’re doing, and of Amelia probably alone in her big house. He’ll take any pointless rambling over those thoughts.
. Dean stays where he is, with his hand full of lube, because if he moves, he’s not sure this whole thing won’t prove to be a very vivid wet dream.
“So,” she licks her lips, stepping back, “like I said, I know what you’re doing. And I won’t tolerate it. Rest assured, my dear, that if I keep getting whiffs of your disgusting scent, I won’t hesitate. All Amelia needs to understand is a little push, a suggestion.” She is suddenly stern again. Dean is paralyzed. “So I suggest you get on with your life, make something out of your so-called relationship with that boy you’re seeing, and leave my son alone. Or I’ll make sure you can neither find work nor service in this town, or in even in this state.”
Stopping for a second before the entrance, he tries to compose himself. Thing is, he’s a sweet talker, true, but that doesn’t mean he’s not anxious every time he has to face a lot of people. It took him years to be comfortable enough to fake it, but one thing that never changes is the nervous twist of his insides right before diving in.
It’s almost just a peck, a press of mouths, but Cas is freshly shaven, and his lips are soft. Dean is suddenly hyper aware of his own body as they touch. He’s waited so long for this that it all feels surreal but as perfect as Dean never thought it could be.
Confusion is too light a word for what Dean’s feeling. “I don’t—what does it mean? What do you mean, bonded? You never bit me.”
Covering his mouth with his hand, Castiel looks down. He can’t believe it. He feels like throwing up again.
Dean knows Cas, and he knows himself, and what would happen if he did that. Cas would dismiss it, and he would plead, and Dean would cave, because Dean is weak.
Clearing his throat, Dean looks down. Castiel is getting used to the darkness, now. He can see Dean’s face.
Michael grins, triumphantly. “Say it,” he quickens the pace he set with his fingers. “Say you’re my slut.”
Dean is too enthralled in his own sense of shame at watching his new friend masturbate to even consider an answer.
He doesn’t speak this time, because it’s clear there’s something else on the tip of her tongue. “In exchange for something, of course,” she finally sighs.
He tried asking Dean what was wrong, but Dean refuses to talk about it. He says Castiel is making things up. So Castiel decides to take things into his own hands. He follows Dean, one evening, when Dean storms out after an umpteenth fight between them.
Not that he minds Dean being angry at him, of course. It’s just… strange. For a millisecond, it occurs to him that he would have liked to
He turns around, watching his brother close the balcony doors behind him. The curtains are half-closed. Nobody can see them from inside, and, suddenly, Castiel’s heart is beating in his throat.
“Nothing bad,” Castiel smiles. Dean groans, and rolls on his back, away from Castiel’s hand. Cas’s heart flutters in his chest, hurt, but he doesn’t comment, dropping his hand in his lap instead. “The FBI is here.” This makes Dean stop, eyes opening wide. He’s fully awake, now. “They want to talk to us.”
Castiel shrugs, “I don’t think the data would be viable but it could be discussed. We could use them to establish a basis of research. Steps. See what’s interesting, what’s not.”
Squatting between Castiel’s knees, he cups his face. “What is it? What happened?” Cas sniffles. “Cas?”
He removes Gabriel’s underwear in one swift move, throwing them on the floor. Gabriel’s breath hitches when he runs his knuckles on his cock.
Last time he called her was to ask if her husband could come help him during his heat. ‘Weird’ doesn’t even start to cover it.
His hardness is pressed against Castiel’s thigh, but he doesn’t move. He breathes Castiel in, for a minute or two maybe, until a door is slammed somewhere in the distance. He pulls away, then, giving Castiel one last look.
Cas finally tears his eyes away from Dean’s ass to look at Dean. He raises an eyebrow, like a question.
Cas puts down his menu, and, slowly, unsure of himself but with the look of someone who is tired of being cautious, he offers his hand, palm up, from across the small table.
Somehow, it sounds like ‘Dean’, and Dean guesses Cas can’t find it in himself to call him ‘Hunter’. He has to admit he’d find it strange, too.
Blowing out a breath, Dean runs his hands on his face, up through his hair. “I don’t know. I just—I don’t know what to do. If—When Sam leaves, I’ll have no one.”
He can’t believe he has to force Cas to shut up when they’re both naked and very clearly ready to go. He’s half-convinced Cas’s hard-on is due to all the science talk, not Dean.
There’s a slight pause before Dean scoffs. Castiel can hear him lick his lips, and he knows Dean understood.
This is everything he’s ever dreamed of when it comes to his relationship with Cas and yet, now it’s all tainted by his conversation with Naomi.
Dean opens his mouth to answer but his brain doesn’t find anything. Okay, it’s true, but Cas could at least act excited about it! This, participants, is the only thing they can’t do without. So even if it’s just one of them, honestly, it’s still something.
So Dean makes himself believe him. Because he knows that his issues get in the way most of the time. This time, he can’t let them walk all over his new-found relationship.
Dean has so many more questions. ‘No’ to what? He doesn’t want children? Period? Or he doesn’t want them with Amelia? Would he want them with Dean? Is that what he means? And what does that mean for his marriage? Does he plan to tell Amelia or does he intend to let her hope forever?
If he’s honest with himself – and he’s been avoiding that for a while now – it all makes him immensely sad.
And then he would be taken seriously. By Cas, and by the medical community as a whole. It could help with the Study. It could improve so many things.
Is he really going to do this? He thinks he is. Truth is, he noticed how good Cas looks. He’s not blind. And he toyed with the idea of male on male sex before, even fantasize about it, put a finger up his ass once or twice, so yeah. Not what scares him the most. Even if he’s slightly scared of dicks, other than his own, what he’s scared of the most in this moment is Cas’s dick. His friend’s dick.
“You did that, already,” Dean squints, “besides, the Johns wouldn’t be in the know, so from an ethical stand point, anything related to them couldn’t be used, and, also, you know, the girls might have trouble stirring them in the right direction more often than not.”
Dean doesn’t have a penny to his name, he’s not educated, and Castiel’s mother hates him. If Castiel was to leave Amelia for Dean, he would lose his mother, his friends, his reputation… probably his house as well.
All his caution deserts his brain as he reaches the door. He can’t help himself. He hasn’t seen Dean this week, as it was Christmas and he decided they needed the rest. Besides, Dean needs time to work on his classes. Finals for this semester are coming soon. Castiel wouldn’t want him to fail because he’s working him too hard.
“We can’t work here,” Cas interrupts. “This isn’t worth anyone’s career.” He briefly stops in front of their shared office and makes sure Dean is looking him in the eye before he speaks next. “Nobody’s career is worth another person’s agency. Nobody’s worth putting you through this. Not me, not anyone. Do you understand?”
He’s about to turn around and leave to actually do the things he has to do when the Doc sneer at him, “And here I thought you wanted this job.”
Closing his eyes, Dean scoffs. Cas knows him. Which means he knows exactly which button to push to make Dean yield.
The Doc steps toward him, now, menacing, posturing like a crazy Alpha, which Dean’s never seen him do. Suddenly, he’s scared. They’re both alone in the little nook that holds the elevator, in a corner of the hospital that doesn’t see much traffic at this time of day.
“No,” she says, eyes snapping up to his face. “I’m telling you, I saw his name. Related to this case. It’s in one of the files, I’m sure of it!”
The only reason Dean doesn’t look away or talk this time is because he’s trying really hard to prevent the heat he can feel in his insides from creeping up to his cheeks.
“Really?” Naomi says, staring intently at Dean. “I see you’re really seriously invested in Castiel research, then.”
He doesn’t miss the shiver that runs through Cas. A flash of arousal, there and gone again, zaps through him at the sight.
“If you weren’t there,” Naomi goes on, “Cassie would get home earlier. I suspect he would still sleep with his wife. He wouldn’t enjoy it, but he would do it, as is his duty as a husband. I would probably have a grand-child by now. He would have given up his pointless endeavor with this useless study of his, and he would still be working in a place that is up to his standards. Without you, his life would be perf—”
It’s a strange feeling, the day you disappear. The moment you know you’ll disappear, for sure. Especially when there’s a special someone in your life. That feeling, Castiel Milton is experiencing it right now, as he looks at Dean. His perfect Dean. His partner in crime. His other half. It’s a strange, calm panic that settles over him, making his whole body shiver with anticipation, fear, and maybe a little bit of excitement.
Dean hit again, harder this time, and he felt the sting linger on his palm. Cas let out a groan and raised his ass slightly, the muscles on the back of his thighs tightening for a second. The next time Dean hit twice, fast, and his palm touched the underside of Cas’ sack as he did. He was about to apologize but the angel let out a strangled moan and his fists tightened in the sheets.
“When I first met you,” Cas starts, carefully. “I didn’t think someone as insignificant could have such an impact on me.”
When he’s done, he crawls toward Ash, pushing his thighs apart and setting on his knees between them. He purposefully does not push his knees in Ash’s balls, because he doesn’t intend on touching anyone’s genitals tonight, but he squeezes Ash’s thighs all the same.
When he finally finds the courage to look at her face, she has her gaze turned down to her knees. It looks like she might cry.
With a frustrated grunt, Dean lets go of him, stepping back. He waves a hand at Gabriel, “What about him, huh? What happens when Michael’s dead!”
When he’s done, he focuses on the punching bag. The first few punches he throws are ridiculously soft. Plus, he can see Sam moving around in his peripheral vision. He needs to focus, dammit!
A few days later, on a sunday no less, Dean finds himself in a brothel at ten in the morning, and he wonders if this is destiny trying to show him what his life would look like if he doesn’t stay in school.
Dean’s too lost in sensation to answer – not that it needs a reply in any case – but he remembers suddenly that there’s a live Alpha behind him, and his fingers immediately seem too small and too cold.
Sam’s eyes widen, and he shakes his head, wearing an expression that can only be described as a ‘duh’ face, “Yes!”
Dean shouldn’t indulge like this. He shouldn’t be enjoying himself but he is. He hasn’t felt that serene in days. Having Cas in his space gives him so much joy he can’t even understand it. And he doesn’t want to.
Dean snorts, but the Doc’s words hurt like Dean didn’t think they could. He’s talking to Dean like he’s just a dumb child who doesn’t understand anything about what they’re doing, and it weigh inside his stomach like lead.
Castiel only wants Dean, wants to speak with Dean, wants to spend time with Dean, and the shame that accompanies every thought of him, every little realization that he’s slowly pushing Amelia away in favor of his secretary is starting to become unbearable.
“Hm…” Cas lets out. He pauses for a second, before sighing. “I found it strange that he’s been the one insisting on making the video in the first place,” he muses. “I think Sam had this planned from the beginning.”
Dean can’t look in his direction. He can’t even tell Aaron that it’s fine, and he doesn’t have to risk his own standing with the University just for Dean’s sake, because Aaron should already know this. Dean is an omega, not a fucking damsel in distress!
But the phone is within reach, now, he just has to push on his legs, hold on to the kitchen counter while he dials Castiel’s office number, and hang on to the receiver for dear life as he does. It’s not easy, but he manages. Once the phone’s ringing, he crumples on the floor again, phone to his ear.
Dean drops his chin on his chest in order not to burst out laughing. “Research assistant,” he corrects as he looks up again.
His hands trail low on Dean’s abdomen, under Dean’s t-shirt, the warmth of them seeping into Dean’s skin.
Maybe the scent therapy or whatever he calls what he did last time will be enough to relieve the pain.
Michael appears on screen, just as Castiel remembers him from some old pictures he’d seen. He’s must be eight or nine, dangly limbs flopping excitedly around him. He disappears from the frame, and comes back, pulling a very young Gabriel by the hand. God. Gabriel must have been, what? Five, six years old? Castiel watches as he tugs on his fingers, nervous, his too-long hair falling in front of his eyes, hiding his face.
Dean’s hands are so close. He savors the anticipation, the thrill that goes through him when Dean pulls his boxers down, just enough so that he can take a hold of his cock. Outside, there are still voices. Dean glances quickly toward the end of the hall, worry creasing his brow, but he quickly comes back to Castiel’s face.
“It could,” Castiel concedes, annoyed fondness suddenly overcoming him, “but then I’d be thinking about it all night and I wouldn’t be able to work on cataloguing our participants’ forms. And then you’d have to do it for me.”
Obviously, everything was going too well. Cas had to go and remind Dean of how much of an ass he is. Why wouldn’t he, now that he’s had what he wanted?
But for the moment, all he wants, all he needs is to get as far from this house as possible. He needs to be away from Cas, away from Naomi, and especially away from Amelia.
“Your husband is about to become the leading expert in Human Sexuality,” Dean teases her, bumping their shoulders together. “It might not be so different from living with someone who runs a whore-house.”
First, he just presses their lips together. It’s soft, but a bit dry, so he gives Cas’s mouth a lick, and nips at his lower lip.
Sam keeps pulling at his arm, and Dean groans. There’s no going back to sleep then. Can’t a man sleep in on a Saturday morning, like everyone else? He hasn’t had a free Saturday in so long, he just wants to enjoy it, dammit!
“Not like I’m the settling-down type, anyway,” he adds. Because fuck him and his need to get the last word. Always.
When he dares a look at Cas, the Doc is staring straight at Adler, a look of deer-caught-in-headlights on his face. Something incredible happens. He opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. He’s speechless. Doc Novak, the Castiel Novak, the asshole who always has something to say, is struck speechless.
“Shit, Sam,” he grunts, walking as fast as he can in the direction of the garage, “Don’t do that in the library, Goddammit!”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, standing on the other side of the door, sweaty, covered in dirt and grime, and so, so real-looking.
“Please, Dean,” Cas spits, gritting his teeth, “tell Sam I don’t need you two to hold my hand, on this hunt, or any other job!”
“Of course not,” Cas exclaims, straightening up suddenly. “I didn’t let her. Do you have any idea the amount of power it would give her? She’d think she’d have a right to tell us how to work, what to do… we can’t have that!”
So, really, Dean has nothing to worry about, and just because his life sucks doesn’t mean he can use that as an excuse to let himself go.
Seven thirty comes around and Dean’s sitting in the dark at his desk, heart hammering against his ribcage and nausea slowly but surely rising up his throat.
Adler follows right behind, grunting as he plows into Ash with all the force he can muster. Dean’s never seen him as disheveled. And he’s never heard the Doc so embarrassed when he says, “Subject AM002 reached orgasm, at,” he clears his throat, looks at his chronometer, “seven minutes, and twenty-three seconds.”
Dean concentrates on himself, and finally lets his fingers make contact with his skin. Just the tip of his fingers on his rim, slowly stroking. He hopes it’s gentle enough for Cas.
Dean’s slowly sinking in his seat, but he’s so focused on trying to will his blood to stay put and not go up to his face that he can’t even react.
“Okay, what’s up,” he asks one day, exasperated, as Dean is cleaning the kitchen for the third time this month.
It takes a little while for Dean to be clear headed, but soon they’re debriefing as if nothing weird happened, and Dean feels a little bit smugger after everything. They debrief Dean, too. Novak doesn’t name him. He just calls him Subject OM002.
But the only answer Dean gets is the tone in the receiver telling him the Doc’s hung up. He doesn’t know what that means, doesn’t know what will happen next, but knowing that Cas is on his case does a lot to soothe him.
He knows what’s coming, but he’s not sure he’s ready to talk about it just yet. If Sam hasn’t noticed anything, it could mean that Dean’s being paranoid again. Which often tends to happen when it comes to Cas. But what can Dean say? Cas is like his second brother, and it’s in Dean’s nature to worry about his family. So, sue him.
The two agents keep looking at them, one in sympathy, the other suspiciously, waiting. Like a predator stalking a prey.
On the ground floor, there’s no ‘fuck room’ either. There is a drawing room, a small ne next to what could be called a lobby, for the clients to choose who they’re going to spend their time with or wait until someone a room is available.
She just needs to vent, he thinks. If he lets her talk, she’ll feel better. He shouldn’t take anything of what she says personally.
“And in the meantime,” Dean goes on, “we’ll make a list of events, and we’ll find some money. I have a few of your former patients’ details, we’ll make it work.”
Aaron nods, as if he knew how this conversation was going to end, but he doesn’t seem angry. At least there’s that. The two assholes look relieved, too.
The Doc’s fingers are incredibly warm. Warm, and big, and perfect, and when his forefinger slightly dips inside Dean, Dean can’t help throwing his head back, groaning.
. He pick it up again, mentally cursing himself. “So, Mister, huh, Olson.” He gives Benny the stinkiest eye he can muster, but benny isn’t fazed. He’s smiling, in fact.
“I’m tired,” Cas answer, not looking tired at all. “If you want to come you’ll have to do it yourself.”
“Got everything you wanted?” Meg drawls, hands wrapping around her coffee like someone’s going to run in and steal it.
Or else Cas’s life is ruined. Dean doesn’t want that. He wants Cas to be happy, and he wants Amelia to be happy too. He can’t let them lose their house because of him.
Dean tries to push everything out of his mind, including the smugness radiating from Sam, and goes to sit next to Cas.
Yes, they could still see each other. Of course they could. Doesn’t mean they should. Doesn’t mean they will.
“What more do you want me to say to her? If we just ask her to come because we have something to tell her she’ll know, anyway.”
Dean thinks, as his mouth opens to say, “No. No! Thanks.” He hides his crotch with his hands. “I’m, I’m good. It’s fine.”
“I’m not saying yes just yet,” he warns, a finger up in Dean’s face, “but when would you need me if I did?”
“Alright,” he says, sheepish. He can’t look at Cas when he says it. “Sam told me he was leaving after graduation. I wasn’t expecting it to come so soon.”
“Good?” Cas asks. Dean nods. This is his favorite part, right there. “You need to guide me so you can reach orgasm before I do,” he adds.
He can’t breathe. Is this what it feels like to have a panic attack? He tries to pull on the hem of his t-shirt, but there’s a lump in his throat cutting off all his air.
Cas sit half an ass cheek on a corner of his desk, folding his hands together in his lap. “You seem preoccupied lately.”
He wants to say something else, that it would be like a goodbye, that it shouldn’t last too long or else he’s not sure he’ll be able to let go, that maybe they should go up to his place so that nobody will see them.
Cas pops his head through the door, and his expression immediately turns from a happy smile to a worried frown.
With that, Dean hangs up, but Cas isn’t scared anymore. This is exactly what they needed to bring them back together.
“Oh. I mean, wow. Dean,” Castiel licks his lips. This conversation took a really strange turn. “This is… it’s great, it really is. But what about your job? You know medical school takes a lot of time, and money.”
Cas’s voice brings him back to earth. Or, rather, it makes heat spring from his lower belly to his head so fast he’s suddenly reminded that he’s in a lab, in close quarters with his boss right now, and he shouldn’t think about anything sex related, besides what they’re supposed to study.
“Of course,” Castiel sighs, more to regulate his breathing than for anything else. “I just hope you’ll be there when the Clinic opens up again.”
The day Castiel has to leave comes way too quickly for his taste. He’s packed and ready to go by noon. He tries to find things to do to delay the moment he’ll have to step out the door, but can’t find anything else to do. That’s it, then.
“We’ll start with, uh,” Sam clears his throat. “Dean on his back, and then we’ll change position once Cas is done so Dean, you can, hum. You know.”
Everything around him is Dean. The sounds, the smell, the heat. Dean, Dean, Dean. He wants to shout Dean’s name, but when he opens his mouth his voice is barely a whisper.
He smiles back. “No, thank you, Mary. Is Dean here? He was supposed to come to my place tonight but he’s late.”
Dean hangs up, sounding distracted, and upset, and Castiel can’t ignore the weight that settled on his stomach.
Dean shakes his head, tired. He doesn’t want to hear this, doesn’t want to stand there while he’s being lectured about whatever she thinks he did wrong this time.
In one big wave of embarrassment, heat comes to Dean’s face. He’s probably beet red. Crimson. Red as a fucking tomato.
His pants are gone faster than he would have expected, Cas making a quick work of sliding them down his legs. Being the gentleman that he is, Cas averts his eyes – because of course Dean wasn’t about to put on underwear in the state he’s in – and takes the time to fold the pair of pants before depositing them gently on the chair next to Dean’s bed.
“Okay,” he says. “I guess you’re right. It does sound better. And I’m glad you didn’t use a fake in the Study just to mess with me.”
“Well,” Dean shrugs, “I had a bad feeling about Graham and I keep thinking… if I had kept going to school, or even just… if I had just stopped to think for a second when he offered me the job I would’ve seen it was too good to be true.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but complies. His heart is pumping blood so hard up his brain, anyway, that he’s not sure he could say anything interesting even if he wanted to.
All he knows is one second he’s drowning and the next he’s sitting amongst strangers with a glass in his hands.
And so he gets to work. With a focus he doesn’t apply to anything else, beside when he’s tinkering with his Baby’s engine, he scoops a bit of lube on his forefinger, warm it with his thumb, and goes to town.
Dean only hums in answer, feeling a bit sheepish. He needed to get all that out, so he’s not about to apologize for speaking out, but still.
“I don’t think we can see them all today,” Cas tells Dean once the omega has left, frowning at the door.
“She did what she had to do,” Graham continues, straightening up, “and she kept her job, and her cushy salary. Her sweetheart kept his job as well, and now they’re a happy married couple with a beautiful house. Happily ever after,” he exclaims, almost throwing his arms up in the air.
Colors are coming back in her cheeks. It’s the first time she speaks more than two words since she came in Novak’s office. “Yeah,” Dean agrees. “Exactly like that.”
For a second, he thinks Benny’s not convinced, but his friend finally huffs a little laugh. “Alright.” He leans closer, mouth grazing Dean’s cheek. “Where were we, then? Oh, right.”
To his great surprise, Dean obeys almost instantly. His arm freezes. He sniffles, and it seems to echo in the now silent bedroom.
“Well, that was a very good idea. But Dean, you only had to tell me. I’d be happy to let you lead if that’s what you want. I didn’t notice I was ‘taking control’, as you put it.”
Only then does he realize what happened. Looking down on himself, on the impressive mess of come splattering Cas’s belly, his soft dick laying on his thigh, and the monstrous knot he can feel inside him, he lets out a small, “Well, fuck.”
“Well, the only way to make this one bout of heat bearable was for me to… Christ, I can’t believe I’m explaining this to you. I needed to smell him. While I was… you know. Only way for it not to hurt.”
Goosebumps start running on Dean’s whole body, and he pushes back, fucks himself on the Doc’s tongue.
Only once he’s done does he notices the kink in his neck from trying to look Cas in the eye, so he turns his back on him.
Soon, they’ll have to call room service. But not even his stomach could distract Dean from the weight of Cas above him and the very insistent erection probing his thigh.
Just the thought of moving, of doing it in front of Novak is too much, it brings shame and heat to his face, spreading to the back of his neck and his torso, but he needs it. He needs something more tonight.
He shouldn’t try to guess what’s going to happen, because there’s no good in it anyway, but he can’t help it.
At first, Dean thinks he’s going to snap at him, but instead, he squints, straightens again, and cants his head slightly on the side.
. Dean doesn’t know what to make of that. Knowing Cas it could only be his way of saying ‘thank you’, or it could mean something else.
“I’m not,” Adler smiles up at him. “Dean was just about to tell us a very interesting story. Care to sit down? Jolt down some notes, perhaps?”
Dean’s self-conscious again. He pulls the sheets up to hide his erection. And the Doc said the word ‘
It doesn’t take a long time, and soon, Dean is sitting in the passenger seat of Cas’s car – he left his own on the hospital parking lot – watching the road, and the street lights as they pass them by.
He wanders around for a little while, exploring the surprisingly big colonial house that the prostitutes are living in.
. Even the ‘cock’ thing had been fun, although Dean still blushed when he thought about it. He knew that if he would have been with anyone else, it would’ve been weird. But Castiel made everything seem better, and it was a gift Dean was pretty sure the angel knew he possessed. He was starting to think that Cas was even using it against him to get what he wanted sometimes.
Dean jolts it down. He’s not all there, though, first because watching Adler get his rocks off isn’t something he’s willingly doing, it’s more out of obligation for the study, and second because his erection won’t go away, his own smell so potent to his nose now that it maintains an endless circle of self-arousal.
Cas’s eyes are so very blue. Their color is all Dean can see in the near darkness, and through the haze that settles over his vision. His stomach growls, and it hurts a little. His limbs feel heavy. It’s like he’s high. Like he smoke a hundred blunts.
Dean huffs, “Why would we? I thought we had enough data on masturbation. For all secondary genders.”
Castiel clears his throat. He doesn’t answer, because the truth is, he hasn’t made a decision about it just yet. Benny is a good candidate for the Study. The only problem is, he’s not a good candidate for them as objective observers.
“He fucking told you you’d have trouble finding a job if you keep on with it! All I hear is him threatening to fire you!”
Technically speaking, he could ask Dean to volunteer at the Clinic, give Castiel a bit of his time. But Castiel doesn’t want to ask that of him. After all, Dean lost his job at the hospital because of Cas. So Castiel can’t, in good conscience, ask him to sacrifice anything else, even if it’s just a bit of his time.
Cas is very different. Cas is shy, and he doesn’t think he’s that great-looking, and every time he denies being the most gorgeous man Dean’s ever seen, Dean just wants to grab him, shake him and yell at him to take a good look in the mirror. It’s infuriating. And so, so endearing.
The Doc lets out an inquiring noise. Dean hides his face in the pillow again. “Could you—ah! Could you do that again?”
“Dean,” Sam eyes him, sternly. “You’re always boasting about picking up waitresses, and not being gay, and not being into ‘girly things’. Why do you think he hasn’t told you anything?”
Fuck, that’s hot. Dean’s brain stutters to a halt, and takes its sweet time starting again. In the meantime, Dean just stares, which prompts a satisfied tug of lips from Cas. Not quite a smile, but Dean’s adept at reading him after all this time.
“I’m not—” he starts, but he’s surprised by the sudden need to cry that comes out of nowhere. “I’m not mad, Cas,” he manages. “I’m not mad.” Cas looks up, somewhat hopeful. Dean lowers his gun, eyes filling up with tears again. “I’m not mad. But don’t ever die on me like this ever again, okay?”
“I’m not finished,” Cas goes on, frowning. “Sometimes, my audience makes suggestions. Some of those people give a lot just to see me fulfill their fantasies, so I indulge them. It doesn’t happen often, but I do.” He sighs, “But two nights ago, one of them asked for a particular position that I’m not even going to try to describe to you. Let’s just say I should’ve stretched before I tried it.”
Laughing, Dean tries to hide his face in Cas’s neck, but Cas is laughing, too, while trying to catch Dean’s mouth again.
When the pleasure recedes, Castiel looks down. Dean is tucking him in again. Once he’s done, he slides up Castiel’s body, and he lets his lips brush Castiel’s.
As Dean does, Castiel bends slightly over to him, quickly whispering, “Please don’t be mad, but Mother doesn’t know you’re coming.”
Dean just smiles back charmingly at her, and so she turns around. “If you’ll please follow me,” she goes on, smile back in place, “everyone’s already here.”
God, he feels stupid saying it out loud, but the truth is, he wants to kiss Cas properly again, in a bed, with every inch of their skin touching as they do this time.
“Why not? It’s not like I’m gonna run into Doctor Novak or anything. I won’t tell my friends I promise!”
He doesn’t think Aaron would force him to do anything, but he would probably get tired of waiting. Dean doesn’t want Aaron to leave him. He needs him, especially now that he’s resolved himself to never touch Cas again.
Dean tries to lift his head, but he gets immediately dizzy. “I’m not joking,” he slurs as he lets his head fall on his pillow again, settling more comfortably on his back.
Silence falls on them again, and the expectation of soon feeling the Doc’s hand on him takes Dean again, his whole body almost vibrating with excitement. He takes a breath, exhaling through his nose, but he barely has time to finish letting it out that the Doc’s fingers are on him again, trailing down to his navel.
Castiel can’t wait, and all he wants is to see Dean, and spend time with him, and all it does to his home life is to render everything Amelia says and does completely and utterly annoying.
Pliant, Cas kisses back. His legs are still around Dean’s neck, but being folded in half doesn’t seem to bother him, judging on how enthusiastically he’s making out with Dean.
After a while, though, Dean is dizzy, and he’s getting exhausted. All he wants to do is close his eyes, and go to sleep. Or throw up. And he knows very well what that means.
Popping an eye open, Dean tries to convey how much he doesn’t want to move from this bed at this very moment. “You’re kidding, right?”
He doesn’t answer at first, what Dean just said registering slower than it usually does. Dean eyes the glass of champagne in his hand, and purses his lips in a smug pout.
Castiel has long realized he doesn’t want to save their marriage. He doesn’t want a baby, and he doesn’t want to touch her anymore. He barely wants to kiss her.
Dean chokes on a laugh. He strains to turn his head to see Cas’s face. “Dude, ah! You, you have a fetish.”
It takes what feels like a very long time, but eventually, the tides of Dean’s sadness slowly recede, long enough that he stops sobbing like a baby. Now only silent tears keep flowing, and he’s obviously ashamed about it, but he’s too tired to let it stop him.
If he’s honest with himself, he’s felt like this since at least November. Everything seems to be hinging on today.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Graham cries, blood pooling in his mouth and making it hard for him to speak.
It’s early enough in the afternoon that he doesn’t have to worry about the d-bag suit he’s going to wear later that night, and he can kick back and relax, and enjoy his bed alone for a little while.
Right now he’s standing in the river, the water coming to lick at his calves, and he’s holding a giant toad in his hands. He gets out of the water, trying to keep the toad from slipping out of his hold. When he gets on the bank, he finds a heavy stone, and pins the toad’s legs to the ground with it. The toad tries to escape, croaking helplessly.
Because, according to Sam, there’s nothing as exciting as a gym. And the one in the bunker is very ‘vintage’, whatever that means, so apparently people will find it all the more charming.
To his credit, he really looks like he didn’t think about that. “Yeah, of course. I’m sorry. I won’t bother you too long, then.”
Which is to say he doesn’t have much to focus on, because he’s in the process of losing it, and his own home along with it.
Dean just nods, slowly. He doesn’t know what to say. There’s a lot going through his mind, but nothing that would be good to express.
Of course, he isn’t as far gone as to not remember who Cas is, and why what they’re doing now is very dangerous. But somehow, the part of his mind hosting his conscience is like gone.
Not of her but of what he could do or say. He wants to tell her. He wants her to know so she’ll be the one leaving Cas. At least something would change. It would be incredibly selfish, but at least it would save Amelia some awful years wondering why her husband won’t touch her.
They don’t know each other, not really, don’t have much in common. Hell, Dean doesn’t even know his last name. All he knows is he likes junk food and good beer and to raw Dean like there’s no tomorrow.
“And Cas,” Sam goes on, “you were worried about Dean, so you come find him to tell him to be careful.” He smiles, pointing at the bench. “You both sit down to have a meaningful discussion that ends in a kiss, and I think you’ll know what to do from here.”
Making people proud feels good, Dean’s not gonna lie and deny the fact that he like it. Since he doesn’t have Cas to make him feel this way anymore, he has to make do with what he has.
“I saw you walking out of the hospital together a few times. I don’t mind, Dean, it’s fine. It’s just…”
He looks up at Cas from under his eyelashes, a devious smile on his lips. Slowly, he slides the shirt down his back.
Weak, but close enough that Dean flinches. He pushes up, pausing in a half-seated position as nausea and dizziness overcome him for a brief moment.
The pressure’s not good at all, the faucet is old, and small, but Dean ducks his head under it anyway, splashing his torso, his arms, everywhere he can reach, to wash off the blockers.
He watches the screen, and Dean half-listens to the movie as he waits for the next blow, as tense as if he was about to physically fight.
“I’m sorry about Benny. I don’t know how many times I’ll need to say it, but if this is why you’ve been—”
Throwing one last angry look at Winchester and Milton, she shakes her head, and follows him outside. She paces around for a minute. Victor’s patient. He can wait until she calms down enough. They have a lot of paperwork to do, and a lot to wrap up with the local PD before they can head back to DC.
. “Going home and play house and having to… to act like I love her when I—” he stops himself and swallows. “I can’t keep doing that when I don’t. I don’t love her anymore. I—I love you.”
Dean is too busy trying to understand what Sam’s saying to gauge Cas’s reaction. “Porn vids have Oscars? And what do you mean, invited?”
Well, he looks damn fine, at least. He made sure to put on less blockers, too, just in case. Might as well use all the tools Mother Nature gave him, if they’re going to try and charm people out of some dollars.
“I’m not saying we should get married,” Cas says, quietly. He drops a kiss on Dean’s shoulder. “Besides,” he strokes his sides, “We’re more or less already ‘angel married’, as you’d put it.”
Now that he thinks about it, Sam’s obsession with camera work ended being a blessing. Or maybe it’s a curse…
Cas takes a second of consideration before answering, “How are you more intimate with Benny than you are with me? You didn’t even know his last name until a month ago.”
Taking his hand off the button, he turns to Dean. “We need to prove the existence of the Scent Bond, first and foremost. It’s been a popular belief for a long time, but just like omega orgasms, some people don’t think it exists, or don’t acknowledge its importance. Then we need to find a cure for it.”
Castiel suddenly opened his eyes again, pulling Dean down until their foreheads were touching. His hand was behind Dean’s neck, holding him down firmly, while Dean felt his other hand settle on his hip.
“Hum, hi,” Dean says, smiling gently at her. “I’m looking for doctor Novak? I’m a friend. Dean. Maybe you’ve heard of me.”
He should forget about Cas. He should stop saying yes to sex when it’s not part of the Study. Even when it’s supposed to be part of the Study. He should really stop entertaining the notion that Cas cares about him for something other than physical relief.
“Uh,” Dean doesn’t know how to lie because he wasn’t expecting Cas to show concern for him after everything. He should’ve known he would see something was wrong. “Just a bit tired,” Dean finally answers. “I stayed up late to help Aaron on his anatomy class.”
“I do,” Castiel answers, nodding. “And as you’re about to see, I’m good at it. I don’t feel as ambivalent about it as you do about your activities.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods knowingly. “That’s a challenge. I’m guessing hiring two people instead of one isn’t in the cards?”
The Doc turns the recording machine on, taking his pen in hand. “Subject OM002, intake form,” he says, for the recording. “Are you sexually active?”
Lucky for Dean, Cas has no such qualm. His cheeks even darken hearing it, and yeah. Dean didn’t see that coming, but considering the little mirror kink Cas didn’t bother hiding, it occurs to him that maybe he should have. What’s a little dirty talk compared to that?
The entrées arrive soon after. Dean couldn’t say what’s in his salad, except that there’s something that looks like little pieces of bacon and croutons in there, and that it tastes awesome, because he kind of ordered what sounded fine and barely listened when the waiter brought their plates.
Cas is still his boss, after all, and without their scents to serve as a sort of weird relaxing drug, this whole ‘having sex with his boss’ thing is still awkward. It’s hard to forget about it.
He looks over at Graham, his perfect white teeth, the gray peppering his hair, his straight nose and his icy-gray eyes and he thinks, in another life, he would’ve found him handsome.
Sam runs behind the camera, the one on the tripod, pushes a button, and stares at the screen. When he’s satisfied that it’s on, he grabs the other one, and turns it on.
Dean can see on Sam’s face, on the way his lips tug into a smug smile, that he recognized Benny’s voice through the phone.
Cas side-eyes him as he opens the door for him. “A gentleman always accompanies his date to the door.”
He’s squinting so hard Dean wonders how he can still see. The expression on his face is two seconds away from turning into a Look of Doom.
The kid, Dean, smiles shyly. “Hi, Cas,” he says, and he sounds just like an adult. He’s all serious, and he reaches out with his hand, waiting.
Cas wasn’t expecting this. His mouth opens and closes several times as he stares at Sam, resolutely avoiding Dean’s eyes, and it would almost be comical if it didn’t feel as important as it does to Dean. His heart is suddenly pumping against his chest, and it fucking hurts, almost like it did when Billy was trying to kill him.
Dean prays, actually prays, that his blockers won’t fail him right now, because he’s leaking, alright. He’s leaking so much he hopes it won’t leave his scent lying around forever on the office chair he’s sitting in.
He doesn’t know why, because it’s not out of laziness. There’s probably a bit of apprehension, of course, but it’s not that either.
He steps out of them, and waits. Just standing there. Dean is looking at his length, mouth half-opened. He licks his lips.
That’s why he usually uses a toy with a suction base, so he can prop it up in the shower. At least he can use the weight of his body then, to make it acceptable.
Cas lets out a big breath, his grip on Dean loosening minutely as he stares stubbornly straight ahead through the windshield.
"My suits went to Disney World without me, so I had to wear what I had in my carry-on" the note says, the initials D.W. scrawled at the end. With an amused hum, Castiel places the evaluation on top of the stack. A little sass with a sense of humor. He likes that.
Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out. With a nod to Cas, they head back to Dr. Cameron’s office to discuss where they go from here.
He asks, “Assassin at his high school reunion, or record store comedy?” He deliberately leaves out the word
They sit there quietly for a moment, before Castiel rocks to his feet. “I would offer you a place to stay, but all I have is a hard tile floor in a narrow room with a small bed, so…”
Dean chuckles. Success! “Okay, Captain bar-fly. Time to walk it off.” He keeps a hold of Castiel’s arm as he pays for their drinks and food, and steers him out the door.
Castiel intentionally brushes Dean’s fingers this time, wanting that extra touch from the man who had managed to fascinate him, their eyes locked on each other the whole time. "Thank you."
Dean grumbles as he leans forward, hands digging into the armrests of his recliner. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were getting lazy, making me help you finish with that.” Grunting, he pushes himself to standing. Damn knees ain’t what they used to be.
The problem is, Dean took this job in order to learn about working in the tech field, not to play errand boy. It’s boring and he’s frustrated, and he curses United airlines for somehow sending his suitcase to fucking Orlando. Even getting a daily glimpse of the very attractive CEO isn’t enough to make up for his overall boredom and frustration. How can he make a good impression and use them as a reference, when they’ll probably always see him as the jeans-wearing loser?
It's getting harder to help the guy stay upright, so with his hips, he pushes Cas forward, pressing him against the table for support. One hand ends up in Dean's hair, fingers tangled in the strands and tugging. Oh yeah, he can work with this. He bites at that stubbled jaw, works his way down to the stretched collar of Cas's borrowed t-shirt, one of Dean's older ones. Oh, and doesn't that spark a possessiveness deep within him, Cas wearing his clothes.
There’s a moment of panic, when he thinks another angel has found him. Jolene takes a peek out the door, and turns around with a grin. “It’s your
Dean’s breath is already gurgling, indicating at least a punctured lung. Something survivable if he can only get Dean help, stop the bleeding. But Dean asks him to stay with him, and Sam does.
Bernie shrugs and pushes the cup towards him. “Don’t worry about it. Just maybe actually buy something later?”
It’s been over a week since the incident, and Dean is still unconscious. If it goes another day, Sam will force Gadreel to try healing him again. The doctors say that it can take longer to wake up the more head injuries you’ve had. It doesn’t alleviate Sam’s worries, especially when Gadreel said there was something wrong even he couldn't heal.
Just then, Dean’s phone rings, and he stands up and faces away to answer. “This is Agent Lee Ermey.” There’s a long pause, and Castiel can see Dean’s shoulders tighten. There must have been another incident. “Thank you for calling. I’ll be right there.”
Castiel settles at a table near the front window, watching traffic and people pass by. He sorts through the papers available to him and considers his options. While most of the services for homeless here cater to women and children, this town seems well-equipped to handle homeless persons in general. They have temporary housing that reminds Castiel of the motels the Winchesters frequent so often, as well as emergency shelters, the place that offers breakfast, training facilities, and discounts at the thrift stores.
“How about you go finish the cookies I have rolled out in the kitchen, and I’ll watch the counter for the rest of the afternoon?”
The thought of Dean ordering for him makes heat rise up the back of Castiel’s neck. There must be something wrong with him, because this is starting to remind him of dates he’s seen on television. Food. Yes, he really should eat something.
The short trip to the back door is made in silence, and Castiel has to force himself to reach for the door handle. This is it, Dean’s leaving now. No more reason to keep him around. Taking a deep breath, Castiel pulls the door open, the orange street light illuminating them. Dean drags his feet across the threshold, and turns back to Castiel, his face now in shadow.
The question causes Cas to fidget. “Technically. I still have Grace, since Jack asked for my help. But I…” He clears his throat. “I also have a soul.”
As soon as the door closes behind him, the phone rings. Groaning, Castiel gets up and grabs it, recognizing the number on Caller ID. “Hello, Jolene,” he answers.
The week before Christmas, Martial law is officially lifted from the city of Detroit. Slowly, slowly, life finds a new normal.
Cas stayed in the car, giving them space for their reunion, and the notes of the song drifted on the breeze. Dean was leaning against the railing, admiring the view, when he could sense Sam’s landing.
Castiel is in a state of disbelief at this point. It’s a beautiful state; Dean is kissing him. Lips part and tongues become involved, and Castiel melts into the mattress. It’s everything and nothing he could ever expect, Dean’s skill as a lover coming out into play. Hands touch him, at first through denim and cotton jersey, then on bare skin. Everything is enveloped in a haze of warmth and bliss, and Castiel gives up trying to think.
Castiel’s chest swells with an unnameable happiness. Sure, it’s just to check on things, but Dean chose to stay. Feeling a flush of heat on his cheeks, he turns to look at the back fence of a property on the other side of the alley. “Okay, I can show you around,” he says shyly.
Dean thought it was coincidence when Mr. Novak was standing by his assistant’s desk both Monday and Tuesday, but by Wednesday, Dean’s beginning to wonder what’s going on. Does the guy not want him in his office? If so, he should just let Dean hand the mail off to Meg. But no, she looks on with this sly look when Castiel reaches for it, and inevitably Dean zaps the shit out of him, regardless of how he tries to not shuffle his feet on the carpet along the way.
Castiel sits at the dining table and eats slow. It doesn’t taste over-salted and processed like what he usually eats, and it’s wonderful. The bread is still soft and fresh, instead of stale and soggy like the past-date discounted sandwiches he gets from the store usually are. Sam wolfs down his food, takes a quick shower, and returns to the hospital. Jody suggests Castiel get a good night’s sleep and go back during the day. He agrees.
It is so inspiring, Castiel decides to stop in for a moment and browse his stack of papers. Inside, Castiel takes in the exposed brick, natural wood, and all the pink upholstery. The scent of coffee and pastries greets him, the atmosphere relaxing. The person behind the counter is wearing a pink shirt with a brown apron, long black hair pulled back in a ponytail. Recognizing the Native American heritage from the person’s features and skintone, Castiel approaches the counter.
Knocking on the door frame, Dean steps in hesitantly. A gravelly voice says, "Yes?" but the man doesn’t look up. Dean crosses over to what appears to be a clear spot on the desk, placing the mail bundle down while clearing his throat. He’s ready to turn around unacknowledged when Mr. Novak looks up, catching Dean with his amazingly blue eyes. Embarrassed over his lacking wardrobe, Dean hadn't bothered giving the CEO a good look at the intern introduction. But now he can't look away.
Glancing around the cafe to see it’s currently empty, Castiel drops his persona and scowls at Dean. “Why are you here again?”
They take their time finding the perfect spot, which ends up being near the water tower where they reunited. The home starts out small, just a one-bedroom with a bath, kitchen, living room, not much bigger than most of the motel rooms Dean was so used to living out of. But it eventually included a garage for Baby, a dining area for friends and family, the living room became more of a den, and they added a second room in which they could both enjoy hobbies without cluttering the rest of the house.
“Then that settles it,” Dean says with a slap to the steering wheel. He pulls the car onto Sherman and drives past the cafe, which is now closed. “Did you realize how many motels there are on this street alone, Cas?”
Cas smiles at him, his eyes full of fondness. “Whatever you like, Dean. I learned to fish too, you know.”
So when Dean met Castiel’s disapproving frown at his jeans that first day, and then got assigned to the mail room, he wasn’t surprised. But ever since, he’s been surprised by how Castiel seems… to actually like Dean now. He’d been expecting stuck up and pompous, and got… aloof and maybe a little awkward. And he’s trying to not think about how good Castiel looks with his sleeves rolled up, wide lips pursed and brow crinkled with concentration.
The next morning, Jody drops him off on her way to the station. Expecting to see Sam sleeping awkwardly in his chair, Castiel enters the room to instead see a blue-white glow from Sam’s hand, lowering toward Dean’s head. Blinking in shock, Castiel can only think to say, “Sam?”
“Because everyone knows you as Steve.” Jolene grabs him by the shoulders and has him face her. “Do you think I was born with the name Jolene?”
Pursing his lips, Castiel gives her a narrow-eyed stare. She relents, hands held up in surrender. “Fine, fine. I’ll be over here keeping track of things while you avoid flirting all day long.”
Surprisingly enough, even though Jody’s much shorter than Sam, she manages to seem imposing when she’s arguing right in your face. But as much as he respects her opinion, he still needs to think about what would happen if—
With a groan, he accidentally tries to use his injured hand to push to a sitting position. There’s an employee’s bathroom with a small shower, but it’s attached to the kitchen, so Castiel gets dressed. Since he showered last night, all he needs to do is relieve himself, wash his face, and brush his teeth. Hopefully there will be some small task he can perform today, because he desperately needs to feel useful.
One day, Castiel gets a message that they’re headed to upstate New York for a case, and to not worry if he doesn’t hear from Dean for a couple of days. How is he supposed to not worry, wondering if Dean and Sam are safe during a hunt?
“Uh, yeah? I mean, yes, boss?” Dean looks at Cas, whose hands are clenched around the handle of his briefcase satchel thing, his eyes lowered.
When Castiel spots the edge of the mail cart, he straightens his spine and waits for Dean to come into view. Today he’s wearing a short-sleeve light green and white check, with a seersucker texture. As he reaches Meg’s desk, he looks up and openly stares at Castiel, his mouth parted in… surprise, Castiel hopes?  Blinking, Dean clamps his mouth shut and fumbles for Castiel’s mail bundle.
Dean’s first day was mostly dedicated to orientation and getting settled into their first month assignments. He’s been chastised for wearing jeans, but what could he do? It’s all he has until they figure out where the hell his suitcase fucked off to. Still, he’s glad he didn’t get booted out immediately, even though he’s pretty sure his mail-room assignment has to do with the way his new boss eyeballed him that first morning.
In the kitchen, Jolene tries to pump him for information, but all Castiel will tell her is that Dean is a friend, and that he’s in town on business. “I saw the way you looked at him, he’s more than just a
“If this escalates,” Sam responds. “We’re not even sure if this is just a small group, or if they were even deviants.”
Unfortunately, he still needs to help with Dean’s pants, so he tries to avoid looking at the man as much as possible, considering he’s eye-level to Dean’s crotch as he holds out the sweats for him to step into. He later takes his time with Dean’s shoelaces, hoping to avoid any more eye contact, until Jody comes back into the room. Then, he lets her take over most of the Dean-handling.
kind of weird. Nope, it’s not ghosts, or monsters, or even the apocalypse. It’s androids. For months, they’ve seen an increase in violence from the machines breaking their programming. Movement from the right distracts him, and a young woman comes into view.
Oh yes, he remembers well what it was like, the specter of Lucifer tormenting him. “Yes, but what does this have to do with—”
“Oh, because of the warding?” Ephraim stops, and tilts his head at Castiel. “The same way I find all my patients. Just by following the sound of your pain.” He closes his eyes. “It’s so loud, I could hear you for
As the room’s volume levels rise, Castiel raises his voice. “Who else will be available Monday evening?” Four hands go up, and he takes in the faces attached, thinking of their evaluations.
“Yeah, what else—” Dean’s eyes widen in realization. “That’s right, there’s pie waiting for us back at your place.” A gleeful grin spreads across his face. “And beer.”
“Monday’s gathering will include some clients and business partners. Please dress… business casual.”
Unzipping the case reveals a blond wig on a styrofoam head. Castiel lifts the head out of the case, and inspects the long layers. “I’m supposed to wear this?”
things. Dean has had more put on his shoulders at a young age than anyone should, and that included helping raise Sam.
a man?” Just then, Dean rushes at Ephraim, an angel knife in hand. But as Dean is about to strike, Ephraim gestures with a flick of his wrist, sending him crashing into the work table, sending flour everywhere. Castiel cries out as Dean crumples in a heap.
Eyes flashing blue, Sam stands upright, panicked. That’s… not Sam. Automatically slipping into a fighting stance, Castiel demands, “Who are you, and what have you done to Sam?”
“I—” Castiel chokes up and can’t finish, overcome with emotion. Thankfully, Jolene seems to understand.
Sam glances up at him, not stopping his movements. “Hey,” he clears his throat. “Well, we kind of left Crowley chained up in the bunker’s dungeon, with Kevin watching over him, and I was gonna stop and check on a case along the way…”
He straightens his spine, and places Dean’s coffee on the counter, slipping back into his Misha persona with a smile. “I’m a barista now.”
“Wait, I remember… after you pulled me out. Let me.” Placing his hand on Dean’s chest, Cas focuses, and… nothing. He looks at his hand. “Oh no.”
There are a couple things Castiel could use from the store, and he normally doesn’t get to travel to the larger superstores except on his days off. Except this time he spent his day off with Dean. With the Impala available, Castiel can also buy more than usual, not having to carry it all home himself.
“And you know I’ll help with that.” Sam pauses, eyes distant for a brief moment. “Gadreel says he’ll help, too.”
Ephraim screams as white light emanates from his body, and Castiel remembers to look away and cover his eyes. The screaming seems to go on forever, until the glow behind his eyelids fades, and the empty body that once housed Ephraim collapses to the floor.
They manage to get two right away, clean decapitations, before they’re both thrown into a scuffle. They try to keep track of each other’s positions while fighting, and Sam gets at least one more before being overtaken and knocked into a daze and Dean gets pinned by two of the brutes. A woman walks into the barn, talks to Dean, who she seems to recognize. She says her name is Jenny and long time no see, but Sam can’t place her. They’ve hunted a lot of monsters, after all.
Later in the day they get the news that the military is deactivating all of their androids, right on top of video of androids marching down a street in Detroit, the leader seemingly pulling androids from the sidewalks to join them. Detroit is under martial law, and androids are being ordered to be turned over to authorities. They have one of the farm foremen send a message to all the androids currently on the grounds to go to the storm cellars and hide quietly. They’re going to have to ride out the storm.
They both order burgers, Dean a big double bacon and cheese monstrosity with onions, and Castiel the one with avocado. Dean gives him a look when he does, but it’s good to try new things. While waiting for their food, it seems there’s not much to talk about that they can say in public surrounded by people, so Castiel leans back in his seat and tries to not look at Dean.
The next few days are trying. Castiel never liked lying to Dean, and he struggles to find excuses whenever Dean asks what would normally be innocuous questions. After a few obviously avoidant answers, Dean stops asking. While Castiel is grateful, he still feels bad, so brings something to occupy Dean, some general interest magazines and a puzzle book. Dean has always been smarter than he gave himself credit for, and he proves it by quickly solving many of the puzzles.
Dean finds working the mail room extremely boring. Novak Enterprises is a software engineering firm, so most of their correspondence is digital. But there’s still a need for physical mail, so Dean’s first task of the day is to sort out all the incoming mail. There’s even some interdepartmental stuff that makes it his way as well.
They fall into a comfortable silence as the movie continues, Dean having stopped quoting so proliferately the more he drinks. Castiel feels himself grow more languid, and by the end of the movie, he’s slumped against the headboard, eyes drooping. Dean gives him a liquid smile, and takes the now empty glass from his hand. “Yeah, you’ve had enough for now.”
Frowning, Dean glances back down at the table. “Don’t you have someone who understands this, though?”
“We hold a rooftop celebration every year, with food and a view of the city’s fireworks on the fourth. I was just curious if you would be interested in attending.”
He’s nervous, hands shaking as he picks up the cup. The coffee smells alright, at least. When he takes a sip, he’s expecting bitter, or sour, for the milk to taste scalded… but it’s actually good. Surprised, Castiel takes another sip.
Dean shifts on the bed and winces in pain. Probably from his ribs. Mouth still heavy, he asks what happened. Sam makes sure there’s nobody at the door, asks what Dean remembers, just in case. But Dean’s eyebrows scrunch together, and he frowns.
Castiel gets out of the car, and collects his things from the back seat. Out of habit, he pulls the blond wig back onto his head with practiced ease. He’s surprised that Dean turns off the engine and gets out of the car as well. Knowing he’s probably in for a lecture, Castiel invites Dean inside. After disabling the alarm, he lets Dean in and locks the back door. As he heads through the back hall, he tells Dean about the arrangement, that he has a room in the back, and how he’s allowed to use the kitchen.
"I'll get that one, be right behind you."  Things are starting to click in Dean's mind. What if Cas is actually holding himself back for Dean's sake? How could he even begin to approach that? He's spent so long thinking the guy didn't have human emotions, he forgets to pick up on Cas's tells. Musing, he grabs the bucket and heads to the kitchen.
Patting Sam on the back, Castiel braces his legs and back to help hold him up. After a moment, Sam sighs and lets up, grasping Castiel’s shoulders. He looks like he hasn’t slept. “Dean will be glad you’re here.”
“Will you remind me why we’re doing this?” asks Castiel while he tucks some hair behind his ear while looking at himself with a hand mirror.
“Yeah, Cas. I’m fine.” Castiel can hear the Impala’s engine. “Still driving, and needed some company.”
) and a couple Spaghetti Westerns. Cas walked Dean to his room. Grabbing his hand, Dean led him inside and they stood there for a while, just looking at each other. Then, deciding to just go for it, he leaned in and kissed Cas. It was awkward at first, Cas not responding for a second before he leaned in, kissing back. It didn’t go any further that night, but Dean figured maybe there was something to going slow in a relationship, because it had felt amazing.
Oh. That makes sense, Castiel is the boss, after all. Nodding, Dean heads toward the door. “Cool, well… don’t work yourself too hard, I guess.”
“Excuse me,” he manages to choke out as he makes his way back to the Impala, loosens his tie, and leans on the bumper with his hands, head bowed, catching his breath and shaking. This shouldn’t be possible, he thinks. Can they track me somehow? Why do they keep showing up near me?
With a spike of worry, Castiel sits up and doesn’t hesitate. The first ring doesn’t even finish before Sam picks up, and his voice is shaky. “Cas? Oh God. It’s Dean.”
Last Castiel remembered, Jody disagreed with Sam about that idea. Something must show on his face, because Sam continues. “Listen. Cas, do you remember what you pulled outta my head, after… After.”
When Dr. Cameron asks about Dean’s psychological history, Sam thinks of all the things Dean’s witnessed, and seemed to shake off so far. Any one of a long list of crap could have triggered this, but a bugbear hunt is what did it? A memory niggles at the back of Sam’s mind, and he remembers a passage from John’s journal about when Dean went mute for a while after the fire. Shit.
He's seconds away from breaking through his own stubbornness to ask to just cuddle up on the couch, when Cas pulls away.
Later that afternoon, Castiel hears Dean shuffle down the hall, the toilet flush, and later the tub faucet. Castiel knows better than to expect a call for assistance, but keeps his hearing trained in the direction of the bathroom in case of emergency. Some time later, he becomes concerned, since he hasn’t heard any noises from the bathroom. Shouldn’t Dean be done by now?
Exhaustion hits as he slumps against the wall, Cas at his side. She lets them back in when she summons a nurse with something injectable for Dean’s pain, and Sam takes up his position back at Dean’s side. They’re warned that Dean’s going to sleep again from the drugs, and Sam grasps his hand to let him know he’ll be here for him. Cas leans forward, a hand on Dean’s other arm, whispering an apology.
What’s left of a smile fades from Dean’s face. No, Dean’s not supposed to be sad! “Dean, I’m sorry.” Castiel tries to stand and trips over his own feet, prompting Dean to catch him. “I promise I won’t talk about being homeless any more.” He shakes his head. “Nope, just happy things, like when Jolene taught me how to make chocolate chip cookies!”
He strips out of his pants and crams them and his gross underwear in a hamper to deal with later. Not bothering with new underwear, he slides the sweatpants on, then starts rearranging pillows so they can sit and talk. By the time he’s done, he turns to see Cas watching him, still standing near the sink.
Content to just sit next to Cas, Dean dozes. He’s startled awake when he feels the hand under his move. Curling his fingers around to hold it, Dean squeezes. “Hey.”
Dean is the first to break the silence. “I mean it, I’m going to stand here and wait for you to tell me you’ve secured the entry.” He wiggles his phone in one hand.
For a moment, Dean pictures the look on Cas’ face when he left the guy behind in Rexford. The two memories try to transpose over top of each other, and Dean is
Then he went back for Dean, an old blanket in hand to wrap his body in. His body was stiff, but Sam managed to make him not look like a corpse before fishtailing it back onto the highway toward civilization. He dropped the kids off at the edge of a police station parking lot, then beelined for the nearest hospital. Just before he headed inside, he pulled the spell bag from Dean’s mouth, hoping that it would be enough to revive him enough but not kill him in the process. Thankfully, it was apparently a quiet night, so emergency staff swarmed them, got Dean on a stretcher, and wheeled him past automatic double doors.
The Winchesters need to know about this, he thinks. But will either of them be willing to hear from him? Sam didn’t even see him off when he left the Bunker, and he hasn’t spoken with Dean since then. He takes his time finishing his reorganization of the newspaper while he thinks of how to contact them. Dean seems like the one to contact. But should he call? What if they’re on a case? What if Dean doesn’t answer? That might be best, since actually speaking with Dean right now might be too much. But he would still like to hear Dean’s voice.
Sam says he’ll find a way to fix this, like they always do, but Dean says “No.” That he doesn’t want to be brought back. Makes Sam agree. He doesn’t want to, but these may be Dean’s final moments and he can’t tear himself away.
This is the problem with diversifying his company. Sure, the head of the department proposing the deal knows cars, but Castiel sometimes wishes he’d never given into his family’s suggestions of expanding. He had liked being a small business owner who personally knew all his employees. Now, there are more people whose names he doesn’t know than he does know. It’s quite a change from when he first started the business four years ago, right on the heels of graduating university with a dual major of business and software engineering.
in the back of his mind. What if Dean didn’t have to remember his childhood trauma? What if he didn’t have to remember Hell? What if Dean could actually live a normal life? One completely free from the Hunter lifestyle? He’d already tried it once with Lisa, but that hadn’t worked, because Dean had already lived through so much. What if he could truly get a fresh start?
When Castiel sees the news about the massive slaughter at a bar in Wyoming, he hasn’t seen Dean in over two months, almost three. The shirt he’d borrowed has stopped smelling like Dean for some time, and they no longer message each other daily. Their phone calls are even more infrequent. Castiel messages Dean, asking if he’s heard about the incident in Wyoming, which is obviously angels, and if he’s free, to call.
“It’s practically on the way back, and if it’s what I think it is, this should be an easy one.” Sam slides his phone back to his side of the table and tries to not make a face at the smears across the thing. Dean’s been weird about his recovery lately. Sure, it’s been rough, but he is getting better. And sitting around the bunker is just going to make them both soft.
Slipping off his trainers and lining them up next to the bed, Castiel carefully settles himself against the headboard, making sure not to touch Dean. While Dean starts quoting movie lines, he hands Castiel one of the glasses from the nightstand. As soon as that one’s in Castiel’s hand, Dean never takes his eyes off the screen as he pours a measure of whiskey into the other glass, and tops it off with the root beer.
While they’re catching their breath, there’s the sound of approaching boots and, “Ugh, GUYS WE EAT IN HERE!”
“Well, I’ll make sure your shift is covered tomorrow regardless, so you get better, and if you get frisky, don’t forget protection.” That causes a furious flush to burn its way up Castiel’s face, and he can’t help but remember when Dean had used that word, not that long ago. He’d missed the meaning then, but not now.
Castiel pulls back, sitting on his heels, and he lets out a breath with a whoosh. This was not what he expected. Maybe for Dean to pull away, but not for the kiss to have lingered. His lips still tingle. Dean stands there, staring down at his hands, his breathing ragged. Is this when Dean will finally reject him? Say it was a mistake, that it was all a joke? The warmth from the whiskey suddenly becomes a chill, and Castiel feels the need to leave Dean’s room right now, before he can hear the rejection.
When the show ends, Dean’s head is resting on Castiel’s shoulder, and he can’t bring himself to move. A wave of affection washes over Castiel as he watches the light of the muted television play across Dean’s relaxed features. He’d stay like this all night if he were allowed, but he knows Dean should lie down, and Castiel desperately needs to urinate. Castiel calls Dean’s name until he wakes. Dean apologizes and wipes away some drool, which shouldn’t make Castiel’s heart do strange things in his chest.
Later, while Dean and Cas are talking to Sam, Emma pops her head around the corner. “I’m going to the store. Is there anything specific you need while I’m out?”
Castiel blinks at Sam. Yes, he does remember, what it was like to know nothing but the present, with a gift he didn’t understand but knew how to implement.
It’s mid-afternoon when Dean asks where they should go eat. There’s one particular place that Castiel thinks Dean might appreciate, so he directs them back into downtown. Hoping Dean  doesn’t notice the place before they can get out of the car, Castiel tells Dean to look for parking. Thankfully, they find a spot about a block away, although Dean grumbles about having to shove quarters into the meter when Castiel insists.
Sam nods and picks up the knife as Dean beelines for the kitchen. He makes it as far as the steel prep table before he folds in on himself, gasping for air and control. He can’t afford to start crying again, not when Sam will give him that pitying look of his. Dean still hasn’t told Sam exactly what happened back in the archive room. It’s still too raw. After a few deep breaths, Dean has his shit together enough to grab a couple of beers and head back to the library.
“Nah, just… surprised me is all.” Dean coughs and pulls up the waistband of his trousers. “Let’s do this.”
Friday night they all go out to celebrate surviving their first week. In all, there are eight men and four women, and they go to Wicker Park. Dean has to restrain himself from visiting the record store, and after they grab some chicken and tacos, they head to the Emporium for drinks and live music. Dude, they have pinball machines and arcade video games.
The first half of episode 20, reworked to include some missing people. See notes on where to stop for the barn scene if you want to skip it.
Looking up at Jolene, he says, “I understand if you wish me to leave. Your safely and livelihood is more important than my employment here.”
“Then who are you?” Castiel crosses his arms. While he knew the angels were looking for vessels, who would have been desperate to take one by coercion?
Well, it definitely looks like a bear at first glance. But bears don’t have the large and pointy ears that are characteristic of a bugbear. They also don’t use tools as often, either. On the grainy security footage, they watch as the “bear” picks up a long, hefty stick to flip over the dumpster lid before hauling itself in. Great. Bugbears are usually harmless. When they live in a proper wilderness area with plenty of space to roam. But when people start disturbing their habitats, it can get bad. Now Sam just hopes there’s only one of them.
Dean's mouth flops uselessly for a moment, face reddening further. "Uhh... Not really, unless you count the extra luggage handling tags," Dean finally manages to say.
Dean pulled him into his arms. “I want Sam to see I’m happy, and I can’t think of a better way than to have you with me.”
He doesn’t make it back to the bunker, and he wouldn’t have made it to Sioux Falls without the help of other hunters finding him and taking over driving. They hold the hunter’s funeral in an empty field near Sioux Falls, and nearly every hunter they know, and some they don’t, show up. Eileen is there by his side, and she’s the only thing that keeps him from collapsing as Dean’s body is consumed by the flames of the pyre.
Castiel is sorting through documents he’ll need for a meeting when there’s a knock on his door. Without looking up, he says, "Yes?" since very few other than his assistant have access to his office. Someone clears their throat, and a stack of envelopes land on the desk in his peripheral vision. With a sigh, Castiel looks up to remind his assistant that mail goes in the receptacle on the other side, but his eyes are met with vibrant green.
And of course, Dean perks up right away at that. “What is it, Cas?” He places a hand on the top of the backrest and leans toward Castiel.
Bernie calls to him, “I’m going to have to throw out that coffee I made, unless you know someone who would drink it.”
“There are a couple of vending machines near the office. You mind grabbing me a rootbeer and bag of popcorn then?” Dean slips a couple of bills out of his wallet. “And anything you want, of course.”
“That’s why we gotta get closer then,” Dean counters, pulling Castiel’s injured hand up so that arm will rest on his shoulder, another hand snaking around Castiel’s waist; he finds they are standing pressed close, bodies flush together, with the water cascading over both their shoulders.
By the time the popcorn is done, but doesn’t smell burnt yet, Dean’s settled on an Indiana Jones movie. He hands over the unopened bag, and debates where he should sit. The table is too far away, and the edge of the bed would be awkward. Dean pats the pillow next to him. “C’mon, dude. Get comfy, but take your shoes off first.“
In what must be a stroke of brilliance, Cas reaches back and between them, cupping Dean's erection, and that's it, he's biting into that meaty shoulder, grunting out his own release. Dazed and panting, they cling to each other, shaky legs and the table their only support.
This was a mistake. Every relationship screw-up Cusack's character made feels like a callout, now that he's paying attention to the way Cas interpreted the last movie. He can't even enjoy the record store shenanigans, because he keeps glancing at Cas, who is paying rapt attention and munching popcorn.
A few weeks have passed, and the Winchesters have settled into a routine. They get up, do chores, clean guns, eat, exercise, sleep, repeat. Eileen’s come over a few times to spend the night, but Sam hasn’t really left for much because he wants to keep an eye on Dean.
Castiel settles on a stool and sips at the foam of his drink. Something about the name seems fitting. “I think I do.”
Dean tried to fight having the bag placed in his mouth, but half-dead, he was weak, and Sam almost botched the incantation because of shaking hands and blurred vision, but when Dean went into suspended animation, Sam breathed a sigh of relief. He wasn’t sure how long the spell would last so he had to work quickly. First, the kids. He got them piled in the back seat, told them to crouch down in the footwells just in case there were any more… vamp-mimes.
“Umm,” Castiel looks at the pastries and desserts in the glass display case, feeling a slight pang at the sight of pies. On the wall behind the counter is a board with various drinks and prices. They are all much more than he planned on spending.
Castiel binks up at him a moment. He wasn’t expecting Dean to recognise that at a glance. “Err, yes. I’m afraid my personal experience in office software doesn’t help me here.”
Sam had stared at him in disbelief, having been there when it all went down. Cas looked on curiously, but he hadn’t witnessed watching someone go from baby to almost fully grown in two days. But Emma said she liked it, and was happy to be renamed. Ever since, she’d helped around the house, caring for two aging men, and Dean couldn’t help but think of her as family.
Dean doesn’t like it. It’s bad enough they’re risking their necks to help out a couple handfuls of androids find freedom, but he keeps waiting to hear about the one shipment where some border crossing agent gets too nosey and finds the compartment where they hide androids. Or even worse, when they track them back to the farms, and they all get busted. But Sam and Cas both insisted, and Emma has been happy helping her own. So here he is, prying the LED ring off of a twitchy PL600.
The bar is long and narrow, with square tables up front, small round tables along one side, the bar to the other side in the back. They choose the far end of the bar, in a corner. Dean orders a local beer on tap, and Castiel follow his example. Before looking at the menu, Dean sends Sam the picture of the moose head. “Dude, I don’t know what to order, what about you?”
Dean’s room… it gets locked up. Miracle’s bowls get moved to the kitchen, and Sam cleaned it up a little after… well, after. He’d found employment applications, and a signed contract. Dean was planning on going back to work outside of hunting. Sam didn’t do well for a few days after discovering that.
Once in Akron, they stop at the pie fest so Dean can load up on his favorite treat. Dean’s step lightens, and Sam relaxes onto a bench, surveying the people around him. He knows Dean’s putting on a face, trying to convince Sam to not worry about him so much. But after practically being raised by his brother and fifteen years hunting together, you learn each other’s tells.
Then he's on the cold tiles, sucking in deep, fetid breaths, tears streaking his face, legs and arms completely useless. His Xanax is in the bedroom.
“I do,” Dean assures him. “We should have told you a long time ago. I’m your brother, and Cas is your best friend, and... man, there’s no excuse. I’m so fucking
Shrugging, Castiel moves to the other cuff. "I've just learned what works for me." At Dean's questioning look, he explains, "YouTube, fashion blogs, trial and error. I used to buy everything online because I was too scared to try anything on in the stores. But I didn't know my sizes or anything. I ended up sending most of it back and buying other things, and sending
"Then you're talking to the right person," Dean answers warmly. "I'm a master at chilling. For hours on end. Days, even. I'm happy to give you some tips."
starting to talk about them... well, he gets how that’s added a layer to Castiel’s unease. It strikes Dean that Castiel is probably insecure about them. He’s not a mind reader, and Dean’s not exactly forthcoming on the words part of the relationship foundation.
Dean glances up. "I've got a skylight in my room. Love watching the stars. My house is on some acreage so it gets really dark."
“Sam says plain Greek yogurt tastes the same,” Jack says doubtfully, holding out the tub. “Plus, it has more protein.”
Dean groans. Psychiatrists can never fucking make things easy, can they? “Can’t run. Can’t see well. Can’t shoot the br-br-br-broad side of a b-b-b-barn. You name it. I’m half the man I was when we went up ag-g-g-g-gainst Lucifer.”
Castiel rips it off the front of the envelope and shakes it out angrily. “Oh, this?” he sneers. “This lovely Dear John that you couldn’t be bothered to tell me directly?” He needs to calm down, but Dean’s resigned unhappiness only irks him further.
There's a couple of beach chairs a few feet away that Sam hadn't even noticed before, but is positive that Gabriel brought up at some point. Gabriel tips his chin towards them and they sit. "I didn't bring you here to pressure you into a makeshift therapy session," he says. "Or an actual date, if you didn't want one."
Gabriel's fingers brush over Sam's hand. "I need to get better about my unreasonable protective streak. I'll work on it, I promise. I don't think that'll happen. I know you don't wanna go back there, and I believe you. I want to find that middle ground of helping you without doing too much."
Sam sits back on his heels, studying his friend. "Hmm. You know, it's because it's impossible to get a good read on you. I feel like if I ever betrayed you, there'd be a lot of trouble finding my body afterwards."
"Cas," Dean whispers. Just to hear an answer. Just to let the way Castiel's voice sounds wash over him again. It somehow sounds like a cool breeze. It helps the shaking.
Castiel removes his sunglasses and levels Dean with a pointed look. “Dean, we’re going to talk about your improvisation later. It only makes the circus worse. You need to keep yourself under control.”
Sam Winchester is the crux of the whole fucking thing. Can anyone besides God appreciate how much His son Gabriel struggled not to jump over the freaking study table and maul that nerdy Boy Scout until they both were sated for
Dean strokes through Castiel’s unruly hair with both hands. “Especially aft-t-t-ter what happened t-t-t-to me.” Gently he tugs on the back of Castiel’s hair to bring his head up. “B-b-b-but,
He can't stop the tears. He doesn't need to. He syncs his breathing again to Castiel's numbered rhythm, and for once, he chooses to believe in himself.
Dean doesn’t return his smile, but he does rid himself of his coffee cup and collapses sideways against Castiel with a whining grunt. “Fucking hate drop on the first morning as a married couple. Fucking hate making you wake up first because you’re worried about me.”
"You fucking bet it is," Dean quips. "God, you're getting red already." His short nails dig into the meat of Castiel's ass, not breaking the skin, but making the pain more exquisite. "More?"
Dean slumps back around to his cup of coffee. "Wish I had what you and Eileen got, is all. I mean, look at you." He gestures vaguely over his shoulder in Sam's general direction. "You're practically human now, man."
Then his hands are on Dean again, spreading his cheeks, thumb digging into the plug, pushing it against Dean’s prostate. His hips jerk at the jolt and he gasps. But soon Castiel is gripping the base, carefully extracting it bit by bit.
Tone changing to more conversational warmth, Victor asks, “how’s he doin’, anyway? I only spoke with him briefly over Skype when he was in the rehab hospital, but he seemed like a guy I’d share a drink or two with.”
Castiel smiles against neck. “I agree.” He picks their hands up. “Do you have the dexterity to help me untie us yet?”
"No," Dean answers, voice vibrating with the effort to keep it from becoming a lie. "Not yet. Just answer the question."
Gabriel hovers by the table but doesn't sit until Sam does. And even then it's directly across from him with a whole table and a lot of sugary things between them. There's a small basket with non-dairy creamer and what looks like a hundred sugar packets. Gabriel swipes a huge handful for his coffee, while Sam settles for two of each. While they're fixing their drinks Gabriel says, "just because I didn't know what would upset you doesn't mean I can't be sorry for doing it. And I am, for the record."
Gabriel has arrived from the airport by then, and everyone turns away as he sends his superstar lover off to his adoring fans with an embarrassingly deep kiss at the edge of the greenroom where none of the attendees can see.
Castiel allows himself to be dragged up for a long, slow, deep kiss. When they draw apart, Castiel says breathlessly, “I couldn’t demand perfection in someone else when I didn’t expect it of myself.”
"Yeah!" Dean yells back. "Hold on!" There's a few minutes of banging around and then Dean is tromping down the stairs fully dressed in his Monday morning "uniform." It's the red and black plaid. He hands off his printed schedule to Sam as he passes by him to get himself a cup of coffee.
. Hard metal, and can only be unlocked with the key. They shouldn’t really be used in the bedroom since they disallow quick release in case of emergency, but
Sam finishes securing the bandages but holds onto his brother's hands, finally meeting his eyes squarely. "Your therapist said that even if you're calming down, it's good to take one get a nap, and get yourself back in order, right? We'll deal with the rest when you're at full capacity, and I've got time to wait. Is that okay with you?"
Gabriel grins somewhat sheepishly and accepts the crystal glass. He swirls the liquid around, slightly disgusted with himself for comparing it to the warm shade of Sam’s eyes. “I wasn’t gonna say anything, but I figured fair was fair. I’m a shit actor, so I make my millions representing them. I wouldn’t have been able to look surprised, and it would'a made you madder if I’d kept my mouth shut.”
," Nick continues, taking Sam's silence for permission to stay on his soapbox. "This isn't really a religious major. It's what all the cultures in the world believe about those gods and monsters. The morals they build around them. Ethics, and sure, religion. Just think about it. Entire civilizations have been built and broken by this stuff. All because human beings have always wanted -
Woefully unprepared for Dean’s incredible reaction, Castiel hides his embarrassment by rambling, “it’s a Colt. I realize when you and Sam go to the shooting range, you tend to favor the Taurus 99, but I’ve always pictured you as more of a Colt man. Like a cowboy. You know. Since you’re so enamored with them.”
Dean takes his seat again with a small smile. “There’s nothing wrong with college football. And there’s nothing wrong with Castiel Novak.”
Castiel's face does this thing. Like he doesn't want to have any sort of expression, but his face contorts anyway. He keeps staring, though. Dean does the same, breath held. After a long time, Castiel suddenly blurts, "I'm not trying to be more like a stereotypical woman."
you. I think about it all the time. Fuck, Cas, ever since you said you were gonna punish me for changing the wedding song, all I could think about was you spanking me within an inch of my life. Chain me up to that wall and fuck me until I can’t walk straight for a week.”
"Dean," Donna says, softening again. "There's the illness and there's handling the illness. Those aren't the same thing. Your brain is what it is. How you handle it is what makes the difference, and in the end, that's what affects those around you."
“I know you did, and I believe you,” Castiel answers. “I’m just nervous. I’m worried that I want this so much that I’m blinding myself to the risks.”
However, it’s also too much to think about for now. He can’t afford to be maudlin. There’s a job to be done and he’ll damn well do it. Especially if it means Dean can get the rest he needs.
It should worry him when the hurting stops, but it doesn't. It can't. There's nothing he can do. But then he does crack his eyes open when he starts to feel prickles of cold. Is it more hypothermia? He'd stopped shivering a while ago.
Castiel can’t remember the last time he felt as nervous as his does at this very moment. Not on his wedding day. Not before the first time he’d had sex with Dean. Not ever. No amount of pep talking helps, either. He wants to take steps forward, of course, and after his discussion with Cain, he’s come to realize that it does have to be him. It’s important. And if he and Dean can find a good starting place, then maybe the rest won’t seem quite so insurmountable. He knocks on the door and opens it straight away.
Cocky grin pulling up his full lips, and a flush high in his cheeks, Dean says, “gonna read me my rights?”
. Too loud of a noise that might wake Garth up. Maybe a thump or something that brings Charlie or Dorothy out of bed. Anything. Anyone. He'd hate to be caught. Really embarrassed and he'd have to hide out for like, a solid month, but for the moment, the danger is
He doesn’t know if he’s shaking so hard that it’s making Castiel shake with him, but they’re doing it together regardless, and that sucks a whole lot less. For a second, anyway.
“Mildred,” Dean answers distractedly tapping out haphazard replies to the crew members who follow him since Charlie had basically threatened him into making an effort. “Your costume designer is a fucking menace.”
And Dean would love to be jealous over the fact that football players get four person rooms all to themselves, but it doesn't last long. It lasts through one beer, in fact. Then he's tugging Castiel closer by the lapel of his weird, ugly trench coat, and kissing him with all the fervor of a dream coming true. Especially when Castiel kisses him back without a moment's hesitation.
Sam doesn't move a muscle. Frozen solid. The most solid of solids. Nothing is more solidified that Samuel Henry Winchester. "This round is yours," he mumbles barely moving his lips.
Dean thrusts his hips up, but Castiel is sitting too high on his belly for him to catch any friction whatsoever.
He's so fucking sick of going slow. A step at a time is good in theory. It might blow up in his face if he goes too far too fast. But Sam's not here so he's already got anxiety about that, and Castiel is completely respectful. Almost
Dean feels a little shitty that he's made Castiel need to do that. But it's so intense. He doesn't really mind the eye contact the longer it goes on and builds the pleasure up higher. It burns in his chest behind the reliquary. Then it wafts out through the rest of him. He can't help reaching up and grabbing Castiel's hands. Bringing them up. Spreading them out. Meeting every one of his powerful, careful thrusts.
It's starts off so slow. Little more than a dirty grind. Dean rolls his hips in an undulating motion, ghosting against Castiel's prostate as he moves. It's almost gentle the care that he takes. Castiel appreciates it, but not for long. "More," he begs.
Dean's throat clicks when he swallows. Goddamn tears are back clogging up the works. This was a terrible idea.
Castiel fumbles the question for a second, mouth opening and then closing. But the fear dissipates into confusion, and that's a much better sign. "What?"
"It is what it is," Sam says so damn reasonably that Dean wants to punch himself in the face for being so stupid. "Don't worry about me and don't worry about being ashamed, all right? You just... work it out however you need."
Castiel pauses at the exit door to wait for the warden to buzz them out. “Dean gave Lucifer a lot to work with in there.”
Scratching the back of his head, Dean says, "you won't have to keep track of them or nothin'. It's more so you're aware. I guess the more time we spend together, the more likely I am to get off my set schedule, so I might forget to take the SSRI. You can remind me if you notice, or whatever. I won't get mad. And it's best to take them at the same time every day." He holds his hand out, and Castiel deposits the first bottle into his palm. Dean shakes one out and takes it with half the bottle of water.
“So?” Sam echoes incredulously. “You’re barely out of surgery, and now I have to leave? I won’t be around to help.”
He certainly doesn't meet the man's eyes as he finishes his work, collects his belongings, turns in his paper, and shuffles out of the room.
With strength that Dean's only been on this side of in the bedroom, Castiel opens the front door and unceremoniously throws Dean onto the porch. "Get the fuck out!" he shouts.
know how clean any of the dishes are. He's seen how fastidious Castiel is in the cafe. This non-productive anxiety can fuck right off now, thanks. Instead, he takes a cautious sip of the wine, eyebrows shooting up. "This is good!"
Naturally, back at home, Sam gives him hell for all of five minutes before dragging his brother into his arms and squeezing the air from his lungs and whispering, "maybe this time, Dean. Maybe this time."
Dean snorts. “Even if you had-d-d, we’ve moved ‘em into the hid-d-d-den safe here in the house for now.”
“Yeah, I know,” Sam agrees, “but it’s harmless, like Castiel said. I really don’t mind it. People express their enthusiasm with stuff in different ways. And the people who are interested in my life just as much as my job, or maybe more, express that with... what did Charlie call it?”
He hears Sam mutter, "rub it in some more." And that makes his feet feel light. Sam's got plenty social life going on. No need for Dean to feel bad about getting out of the house for once. Plus, Sam, for all his grumbling, is beaming at his brother as he goes to get ready for his date.
Okay, that's about as far as he can go with beating around the bush. "Have you really never cheated on anyone before?"
him, the burning stretch just barely enough. The first thrust is so powerful that Castiel's hands slip from under him and he collapses into the pillows, but Dean doesn't let up. His broad hand comes down against Castiel's back, right between his shoulder blades, holding him as though the omega had any intention of escaping.
Gabriel reaches over the table and takes Sam's hand. "It's okay to not be as ready as you wanna be."
Castiel laughs. "Very true. Your skin must get quite dry all over being outside all day. What moisturizer do you use?" He offers his hand.
“Work I’m happy to do,” Bobby says with an insulted edge to his tone. “Don’t want neither of my boys stepping in it. You get me pictures of fans and a list of crew, and I’ll get to work. This semi-retirement needs to be good for something.”
So when does he tell Castiel what's going on with him? He's so used to finding workarounds to his compulsions in polite company that it's really second nature. He does it around Sam, too. It's part of the treatment, besides. He's the only one who needs to deal with the absolute worst of his symptoms.
“They’re for play only. There’s no special meaning behind them.” His fingers draw delicate patterns over Dean’s ankle. “But this...” he touches the metal. He looks up, eyes searching Dean’s. “I’ve never done this for anyone else.” He shakes his head. “Nothing like this.”
He rolls onto his side, tucking his arm under the pillow. The glowing red numbers on the clock warn him that it's 1:45 AM. He's going to be sleepy as hell in class tomorrow. He groans and rolls over and away from the damning evidence.
The bedroom door clicks shut. Castiel says nothing. Dean rotates his shoulders to ease the tension. “I know you’re waiting for an apology. I’m really trying here, but I can’t shake it.”
, he can't explain and frankly doesn't have the mental fortitude to unpack for the moment. Maybe Sam's onto something with the panic attack. He knows he's being irrational, and pissing his brother off isn't the right tactic. Worrying him too much sucks, too, because then he goes into caretaker mode, which also isn't what Dean wants right now.
"This is either going to make me radioactive, or give me cancer," Sam mutters. But he takes one for the team, also downing a huge portion in a single go, silently admitting that it's not so bad. Way too sugary for his taste, but he's had worse mixed drinks. "Where are Charlie and Dorothy?" he asks after a chaser of ice water.
"Sorry," Sam mutters. He uncharacteristically drags feet over to the coffee pot and pours himself a generous cup. "I haven't been sleeping well, and I'm at the end of my rope with people shit talking Gabe."
And... that's it. He doesn't prod. Doesn't push. Looks like he isn't going to tack anything onto the end of that sentence at all. Huh. It makes a strange kind of warmth unfurl in Sam's chest. Eventually he says, "you've got a lot of faith in them."
“Good,” Castiel says, taking his time to put on his clothes. He forgoes the shirt, only putting on his boxer briefs and the pants. “Have you eaten? Hydrated properly?”
anal. Sure, he shouldn’t have put his hands on that lady, but it wasn’t his fault that the camera broke. She’ll probably complain about it on Facebook or something, but that’s it. It’s not a severe incident.”
“That’s correct,” Castiel confirms. “I never talked about it much to anyone. In fact, all I told Sam was that I was discharged after my injury and decided to go back to college. It was... a half truth.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sam says with a thin smile. “He wouldn’t have been content until he spoke to me directly, anyway. Gabe’s gotten... pretty protective lately.”
Castiel comes with a high pitched curse, and it’s the ignition sequence. Dean spasms so forcefully that his entire back bucks off the mattress. He can’t even breathe. After that, he’s pretty sure he blacks out, though he only realizes it when he’s coming to and lots of things aren’t how he left them.
The red flags and sirens are still there, of course, but each time that he resists answering them, they get softer. Each swipe of Castiel's fingertips along his skin, each brush of his lips, each whispered word of adoration into his ears, settles him.
Gabriel and Charlie are fairly easy to spot, despite the crowds. Charlie is dressed in bright blue pants and a blue and white polka dot shirt. She’s also jumping up and down waving to them. Gabriel gives them a casual wave, inappropriately dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and fleece-lined coat. Castiel grumbles something about drawing unnecessary attention, but most of the travelers around them are as exhausted as they are, and no one seems to identify Sam, thanks to his poorly crafted disguise of a messy bun, sunglasses, and his most baggy clothes.
Sam waves it off and brings over the meatloaf. "I said I'd stay out of it. This isn't my love life." He looks like he'd rather do anything else other than stay out of it. Once again, that suspicious irritation that Dean can't quite put his finger on, crosses his brother's face.
“I’ve had a wonderful time.” Castiel backs Dean up against the bedroom door, kissing him deeply, tasting a strange mixture of ginger and eggnog.
Castiel doesn't feel that way. He hadn't known about Dean even when they'd gone on their date, so he's not blaming himself for upsetting Dean in any way. In fact, he hadn't upset Dean at all. Dean had upset himself. And inadvertently Castiel, but he can forgive that because Dean was right. It
Nick laughs. "Yeah, and if you decide to stay in law for the long term, you'll be doing a lot more like this."
Going with it like a pro, Gabriel shrugs. "I'm medicated, but I'm never down for long. Fever went away after a full night's sleep. Why?"
The worst part is, they do need to do something now, but they won’t. Dean’s not sure he could at any other time, and he should, but he won’t. Because Castiel’s tears are making his scalp cold, and everything else sucks again. The comfort wasn’t good while it lasted.
washed his hands properly. And they're not touching skin to skin. It's amazing how okay it is. It's okay enough that he laments the loss of contact a little the second they get to Baby, and Castiel releases him to properly praise the car. Which is a fast way to Dean's heart. Possibly also his dick, but if he thinks about nakedness and bodily fluids again, he really will have a panic attack at this stage.
Sam looks at the small tote. He sighs. "You can only paint my toenails. I can't be seen with my fingernails painted."
Unable to blink for following Castiel with his eyes, Dean says, "new drink. Definitely a new drink."
Jack recognizes the test for what it is, so he does. He goes through the entire day with tenacious detail. Every mundane thing they saw, every errant smell, the sights, the sounds, and he never so much as stumbles. It takes a long time, but they listen. The only time anyone moves is when Dean has to take pressure off of his leg, and sits in a chair to the side of the couch.
"This ought to be good." He crosses his ankles under the covers, settling in further and muting the documentary to hear Castiel better.
, though?” Dean lethargically shifts around to splay himself across his husband. “Never feels like enough.”
More perturbed by the second, Castiel says, "I swear to God, Gabriel, if you can't keep a civil tongue in your head, I will lick your face and infect you with this flu. The doctor assured me that I'm less contagious now, but that's just quitter's talk."
“What are you asking me for, Dean?” Castiel asks casually. “I won’t know if you don’t ask, and I certainly can’t give it to you if I don’t know what it is.”
Crossing his arms over his chest, Gabriel says, "I learned a lot of tricks back then. But you can't coerce someone into disclosing their medical condition to you. It's unethical. You can't force Dean to talk to you just because you want in his pants."
“Oh,” Castiel says in dawning realization. He hadn’t heard the whole story, though Sam had mentioned it had something to do with
The redhead from the admin building has slung her backpack into the chair opposite him and put two cups of coffee on the table, one right in front of Sam.
Dean Winchester stumbles off the plane at O’Hare after an incredibly long trip. Ugh, he hates planes in the first place, but this was terrible. First, his plane got delayed in San Francisco. Then, they had to make an emergency stop in Denver because of some kind of problem with the toilets? Dean would have been more than happy to just hold it until they landed in Chicago, but he was subjected to yet another landing and takeoff, fraying his nerves even more.
He knows she’s concerned, and is going to use this as an excuse to pry. “Sure, I’ll meet you there.”
Desperately trying to swallow around the lump in his throat, Castiel blinks at her with watery eyes, until she pulls him into a hug. She whispers in his ear, “I’ll be in at 4 with something else for you.”
“Oh.” Castiel lifts the mirror again, taking another look at his face, how his features do seem softened by the hairstyle. “And so I’ll need a more appropriate name.”
Castiel goes about his next day as usual, trying to ignore that not only is Dean in town, but that there’s something killing people. He’s human now, and useless. Why would Dean ask him to help?
Dean gets up off the bed, setting his glass on the nightstand. Rubbing a hand through his hair, he scrubs at his face and mumbles something. It sounds like he said something about Castiel, who gets up on his knees, albeit wobbly.
After Sam gives Dean a short answer about Cas getting food and a shower, Dean says “Sam” like a question, like he needs something. But what does he need? Placing a hand on Dean’s cast, Sam says, “We were worried, you took over a week to wake up from this one. Doctor says you’re lucky you didn’t crack your skull open.” Not for the first time, Sam silently thanks Gadreel for helping get Dean out of the cabin.
It’s gotten worse. The entire country is under martial law, with curfews in effect, traffic and communication controlled and monitored. Dean and Cas secure themselves in the house, having tucked all spare android supplies on hand in the storm cellars with the androids yesterday. If there’s one thing Winchesters know how to handle is preparation for a shitstorm. They have weapons loaded and hidden near windows and entrances, and they have a safe room they can hide in if the worst happens.
“After what you told me right before the Empty swallowed you up, did you seriously think I’d leave you there?”
Dean notices and takes it for a dislike of the show itself. Disappointed that it doesn’t trigger anything for Dean, Castiel tries to explain his discomfiture without giving too much away. Dean seems to accept it, and is so incredibly considerate, that Castiel can’t help a small smile. They continue watching the episode, with Dean falling asleep soon after.
They spend the rest of what’s left of the morning buying groceries and picking up a few toiletries. Dean insists on buying Castiel a
He can't help one corner of his mouth twitching up in amusement as the intern scrambles for the pens, then rushes off with a blush on his freckled cheeks. Reaching for the stack of mail to place in its proper receptacle, Castiel watched as Dean's lovely ass disappears around the door frame. For half a moment, he considers changing dress code regulations until he remembers it’s inappropriate to ogle the ass of a subordinate. Even if it is a lovely ass. Still, Castiel is amused and instructs his assistant to have the mail delivery be brought directly to him from now on.
November 29th, Dean, Cas, and Emma make their way back down to Lawrence, Kansas, to assess the damage that storms have done to their home. They got lucky, with only a couple broken windows, some torn roofing, and landscaping damage. Overall, Kansas is handling the android transition relatively well compared to other cities and towns. Androids, of their own free will, are helping with relief efforts to rebuild Mid-West cities ravaged by storms, which has done much for human goodwill in those areas. Detroit has been slowly having residents return, but is still under martial law to control rioting.
Cas, still holding Emma’s hand, responds. “Yes, Sam. For the past half hour, that’s all any of the news channels are talking about.”
She shakes her head. “If the bakery has any turnovers, I’ll consider getting you one. What about you, Cas?”
Dean’s head rests against his, and he can feel breath warm the back of his neck as Dean speaks. “I promise, Cas. As soon as Sam is better, if you want to, the bunker can be your home, too.”
His wig still needs to be cleaned and combed out, so Castiel pulls on a cap and quickly dashes from the back hallway to the kitchen. As soon as he feels more presentable, he steps out into the kitchen to see Jolene pulling croissants out of an oven. Before he can say anything, she’s greeting him with one on a small plate, and disappears out the kitchen door to return moments later with a cup of regular coffee.
Castiel looks over at Jess and Sam, who have obviously picked up on his line of questioning before Dean since they are wearing matching grins. “So you could play for us?”
The discussion part of the meeting ends and Cas explains that there is a thirty-minute social time until the children are done with their activity. Dean wants to walk back to see what Ben is doing, but Cas admonishes everyone to leave the children in peace. “There will be a few minutes set aside at the end for the children to show off their creations,” Cas assures them.
Dean’s eyes widen as if he hadn’t thought about what it would mean for Cas to be naked in front of him. “I love you so much,” he says, reaching up to hold Cas’ face between his palms. “I don’t think you’ll ever know how much.”
“I’m gonna come, Dean. Come on, let me feel you,” Castiel groans. He shoves one hand between them, strong fingers wrapping around Dean, stroking him faster and harder, creating a counter rhythm for the thrusts driving Dean crazy. Dean plants his feet on the bed, pushing up so Castiel bottoms out, and lets go.
“We can, Cas, we can,” Dean gasps, using his hands spread over Cas’ lower back to hold him in place. “I’ve been waiting so long to touch you.”
Cas gives him a pensive look. “I wanted to have time to discuss this in person,” he explains slowly; as though Dean hasn’t been driving himself crazy with worry for the past three days.
“Why would I?” His response isn’t truthful. Now that he knows the piano is there, the thought of playing it has become an obsession. The only thing stopping him is the way he made a complete fool of himself. Dean shouldn’t care what the clerk thinks. The guy was a weirdo, anyway. But he was a smoking hot weirdo, and Dean doesn't know what to say if he goes back.
“You wouldn’t even have recognized me back then,” he adds with a wry grin. “Not just the piercings and the tattoos and clothes, but everything I was. Clubbing every weekend with Michael’s band, drinking, drugs when we could get them. I’ve been high and low and everything in between. For three years, my life was music and art and Michael. It was like flying. Everything was bigger and brighter when I was with him. For the first time in my life, I didn’t mind being touched by complete strangers because the drugs and the alcohol took the edge off. I told myself that I was stronger, that I was becoming someone new, someone different than the scared little boy I’d been my whole life, the one who was terrified to let anyone down.”
Ben has dropped to his knees in front of Juliet. He’s murmuring softly to her as the dog licks his face, drawing out a spate of giggles. As Dean and the other man make their way up the driveway, the woman turns a shocked stare on Castiel. “How did you do that?” she exclaims. “Ben has been terrified of dogs forever!”
Strangely, Meg has been a lifeline for him. Though she’s still her snarky, bitchy self, she feeds Dean information about how Cas is doing and reminds him that he needs to outlast Cas’ stubbornness. While Dean is usually the one texting her for updates, she occasionally reaches out as if she somehow knows that he is struggling particularly hard that day.
It doesn’t take much discussion to agree on a joint shower and Cas isn’t surprised when they need a second washing to clean away the results of their first. Now that he’s allowed himself to have this, to have Dean, it’s as if he can’t get enough. When Dean’s slick hand slips down to encircle his cock, teasing him to full hardness, there isn’t a force in the world that could get him to make Dean stop. When Cas comes up from his knees, after having swallowed Dean down, he lets Dean pull him into a kiss and he knows Dean can taste himself in Cas’ mouth. It’s enough almost enough to make him hard again.
Dean presses the heel of his hand against his eye, then clasps the back of his neck. As angry as he is at Ash right now, he doesn’t want this to blow up any more than Jo does. Ash is family, just like Bobby, Ellen, and Jo, and if he and Ash can’t work this out it’s going to make all of their lives really fucking awkward. “Fine. I’ll be there in 10 minutes.”
Dean turns a pouty face on them. “Aww, crap. Guess I’ll see if Benny and Garth want to come over. Maybe Charlie, too. Haven’t seen her in ages.”
“Modulation and demodulation,” he says with a grin. “I like the direction this game is going.” He holds out his hand to Dean for a fist bump.
Dean chuckles softly and slides his hand across the bench seat to brush his knuckles lightly against the back of Castiel’s hand. The touch sends a warm current pulsing through him. He turns his hand over and lets his fingers tangle with Dean’s, only letting go when they pull into the lot next to the restaurant.
Charlie and Dean finish their lunch and escape. During the ride downtown, Dean zones out. He’s lost in his memories of the keys under his fingers when Charlie clears her throat.
He turns back toward the house with a sigh. He wonders again why he isn’t crying. He should be crying. That’s what people do when they’re sad. He
“No way. I got dibs.  I knew him first,” she exclaims, pulling herself up from where she was sitting on the floor in front of the couch to stalk toward them.
Dean pulls around the back of the garage and parks the car in the shade of the building. Even out of the sun, the burgundy paint gleams under the clearcoat. He pockets the keys and follows Jess into the garage.
Dean shakes the doctor’s hand. A few minutes later, a nurse comes in with discharge paperwork and Dean ushers Ben out of the hospital. Another in a long line of adventures with Ben. Never a dull moment. Dean starts the car and sends Cas a text to let him know they’re on their way home while he waits for Ben to put on his seatbelt.
“No, this isn’t about Ben. I mean, look at me and Kali. I’m not exactly marriage material, but it didn’t matter to her. She made me want to do whatever it took to make her happy. I’m still not sure if I’m doing it right, but it must be working ‘cause she’s still here. When you meet the right person, all the pieces fall together. Things that didn’t work before suddenly do.”
It figures that Dean would come to this conclusion too late. Cas is with Will. Dean missed his chance. Or did he? A couple dates really isn’t the same thing as being committed, is it? What would Cas say if Dean told him that he wants to be with him? He doesn’t really have a good picture of how serious Cas is about Will because every time the other man comes up, Dean finds a reason to end the conversation or change the subject. Now he’s wishing he’d let Cas talk more.
His left arm is asleep where it’s pinned under Dean’s shoulder. At least the prickly feeling when he tries to move it gives him something to focus on that isn’t the overwhelming numbness of the last two days. He lies still, focusing on Dean’s even breathing as a kind of meditation to keep him from thinking about today.
Dr. Roberts bites back a smile and nods. “Yes, exactly like that.” He flips through the chart and looks back at Dean. “Some serious medical conditions can cause fainting, but 99% of the time it’s a benign syncope. Because we can rule out most of the major conditions with a blood test, I’m recommending we do a panel to be certain we’re not missing anything.”
Castiel lets himself out of the car and the walk through the cold night air to his front door is less than comfortable with the tightness of his pants. Dean waits until he lets himself in and closes the door behind him before he backs out of the driveway. Physically exhausted, but running on a wave of energy that thrums through his blood stream, Castiel climbs the stairs to his room. Although Juliet tries to weave her way in front of him, he gently nudges her back into the hallway before he closes the door.
There’s a cold drizzle of lube at his entrance and then an even bigger stretch as Dean adds another finger. “That’s it, baby, you’re so hot in there, so soft, gonna feel so good wrapped around my dick,” Dean murmurs, leaning down to lick lightly at the head of Castiel’s cock.
The man is still staring right at Dean and Dean is staring right back, feeling as if he’s caught in the tractor beam of the Death Star. Except, unlike the Millennium Falcon, Dean isn’t entirely sure he wants to get away. Suddenly a tiny woman with dark curly hair is standing next to the man. She follows his gaze and glances a few times between him and Dean before she reaches down and snaps what appears to be a yellow rubber band on his wrist. It seems to bring the man back to himself and he glances down at her, then flushes and quickly looks away. Dean almost grieves for the loss.
John takes the bait and runs through a variety of techniques—which Dean already uses—but it allows him to make it through the final laps without more threats. When John finally calls time, Dean crawls out of the pool and stretches. Muscles burn across his shoulders, down his arms, and through his thighs and ass. Maybe John is right, and the taper for the meet and the day off yesterday were enough to lower his stamina.
“Don’t cause a scene, Meg. Please. I’m fine.” He takes the stack of project envelopes from the windowsill and carries them to his desk. “We should finish getting the tables set up.”
John’s brown eyes bore into Dean. After a long, uncomfortable moment, he shakes his head. “Just because I was stupid enough to give you tomorrow off doesn’t mean you should fuck up your training.”
Normally Dean would toss back some joking innuendo about that being Jess’ problem, but his heart really isn’t in it. Instead, he just climbs the deck stairs and snags the flat blade screwdriver from the toolbox. He has all four hoses aligned and the clamps tightened before Sam even locates the right tool.
It’s a good thing that there are five art students running the booth because it takes them almost twenty-five minutes to get through the entire Winchester clan. By the time the art student has transferred a Jayhawks logo to both John and Bobby’s cheeks, Dean and Sam are engaged in a mock superhero battle, their earlier disagreement forgotten.
Candace nods and Jolene makes a face. “He’s right, Castiel. Eating in a restaurant seems so impersonal,” Jolene admits.
Dean chuckles weakly. “I can imagine.” When the doctor turns back to the computer, Dean makes a face at Charlie behind his back.
“After tomorrow, he’ll have to come over before school to catch the bus. I gotta be at the garage before the bus would be picking him up. Then he’ll get off here in the afternoon if that’s still okay with you.” Dean pushes off with his legs a few more times, enjoying the comforting sway of the swing. Another of the little joys that he missed growing up, sitting on a porch swing, rocking. Maybe he should install a swing on their porch in the spring.
Although he and Will are nowhere near the point of commitment, it would be deceitful to excuse his behavior by pointing out that they’ve never discussed whether they are seeing other people. Even after only one date, Castiel is sure that Will assumes, if not faithfulness, then, at least, discretion. Castiel himself has always been what Meg calls a serial monogamist and though he imagines that she means it contemptuously, the label is quite accurate. So for him to allow Dean to engage in these little flirtations is concerning.
John pushes the door open and his eyes settle on Dean, but he doesn’t react. He closes the door behind himself and turns back to face Dean with a scowl. “I thought you weren’t coming back.”
“Your lips are moving, Sammy, but all I hear is blah, blah, blah, blah,” Dean responds, then rolls his eyes when Benny kicks him in the shin. “Whatever, man, she’s gonna poke around in his noggin and figure out why he’s havin’ so much trouble at school. Just what I said.”
Natalie finally tears her eyes away and leans over to bump his arm. “He’s never brought someone to a show before.”
Adrift for over a year after the break-up of his first relationship, Castiel had desperately needed purpose and he’d found it in the children. He spent the next five years learning everything he could about Autism and other developmental delays, gradually expanding the offerings at the gallery, until it became well known in the art community as a haven for artists of all ages with special needs. It all changed again one day in March when Meg sat him down at her dining room table and told him that she thought he should go back to school for special education.
He’s still sitting there, gripping the steering wheel hard enough to leave dents, when the front door opens and there is Cas framed in the doorway. He looks worried, like he’s not sure why Dean is still sitting in the car, and it spurs Dean to action. He takes a deep breath and climbs out, wincing at the way the sound of the door slamming echoes in the quiet neighborhood.
Dean slips out the back door and follows the sidewalk towards the opposite side of campus, ignoring the roiling guilt in the pit of his stomach. Once he's far enough away that she won't spot him if she drives around the block, Dean sends Charlie a text saying he'll get a cab home. He follows that with another text asking her to give him some space. Turning off his phone is pointless now that she knows where the music store is, but he does it anyway.
“That’s not the point, man. I saw these on his list. There’s over five hundred dollars’ worth of kits here. It’s too much,” Dean says. He sounds overwhelmed.
Dean has been in enough emergency rooms in his life to know that’s a fucking lie, but he nods and collapses into the chair. Ben stares at his hands clenching and unclenching on his thighs. A soft murmur of voices comes from behind the curtain, and he tries to focus on it rather than the keening noise coming from Ben.
Cas raises one brow. “You’ve never used these before?” At the quick shake of Dean’s head, he adds, “but you want to?” Dean nods before leaning forward to capture Cas’ mouth in another desperate kiss. Before long, Dean is panting against his mouth. He hauls Cas up until he’s straddling Dean’s lap, the fabric of his pants pulled taut against the firmness of his erection pressing against Dean’s stomach. They kiss for a few minutes, Cas’s hands running over Dean’s back and shoulders while Dean grips his hips and rocks against him.
“I haven’t been dizzy since Tuesday night. I could go with you.” Dean's missed five sessions, longer than he’s gone without swimming for more than a year. He does a few hundred meters daily even when he’s tapering for a meet. As much stress as swimming brings to his life, the thought of not being in the water terrifies him.
since he was a baby, it’s not surprising that he knows every word. Dean hums the tune as he pulls into the school parking lot. It’s not so much that he’s nervous, just that he isn’t sure what to expect tonight. Some kind of project for Ben, while he meets with the other parents. Can’t be too hard, right?
“I ate one of the brownies you brought to the spring bake sale,” Jolene responds with good-natured teasing, “and trust me, I’m sure your family is happy you don’t cook for Christmas.”
with these kids. No matter how good our day is going, it seems like there is always something that sets her off.”
Cas takes a shaky breath, and when he answers his voice is rough. “I know I’m not satisfying you. I like kissing you, but I know you want to have sex. After we kiss, you go to the bathroom and touch yourself.”
“You’re comfortable with me bathing him?” Castiel asks without thinking. It’s an awkward situation, but he is not Ben’s father. He has to ask.
The two men choose a booth at the back. While they’re waiting for their order, Dean asks, “How are Andrea and the kids?” It was love at first sight for Benny and Andrea in high school. They got married right after graduation and Andrea was pregnant with their fourth child.
Dean presses the heels of his hands into his eyes and swallows thickly. He takes two deep breaths, then lowers his hands and says, “Just don’t wait too long.”
There’s a pause while Castiel considers the ways to respond to that. Finally, he settles on agreeing dryly, “Ok, yes, I could have done without Ash.”
Dean cuts him off again. “Didn’t know I wasn’t up to it. Haven’t exactly been cruising the club scene since the accident.”
Undaunted, Meg takes the pages from Castiel and begins organizing them. “Trouble in paradise then? I thought you two went out last night?”
Ellen makes a small, non-committal sound. “You two seem close,” she says, glancing at Dean out of the corner of her eye as she pulls the pitcher of water out of the fridge. She pours a glass and washes down the salty ham.
To say John hadn’t been easy on him was an understatement. Ash had been back from school for four months when John walked in on them making out in Bobby and Ellen’s garage. Dean supposes he should be glad that John was in one of his better phases at the time. He was still drinking, but not the blackout drunk that made him mean. Showing up at the same job for over a year had made him fairly stable. Dean would never repeat some of the things John said to him that night, but at least no punches were thrown. Christmas was tense that year, but neither Sam nor Bobby and Ellen would allow John to make too big of a scene. By the time Dean and Ash moved in together the follow summer, John had stopped making homophobic comments. While he and Ash have never really been close, he’s limited his displays to giving Ash dirty looks.
“Nah,” Ben says with a shrug. “You can kiss Cas. Tanya says she saw her mom and dad kissing with tongues and it was gross, but I think tongues feel pretty good. They’re kind of slimy, but they feel cool like a snake’s scales, so I don’t know why that would be gross.” He sticks out his tongue and runs his fingers across it, going cross-eyed and he tries to look down to see it.
A bolt of red hot fury shoots through Dean and he turns back. “Listen here, you piece of shit,” he growls. “I don’t give a fuck who you are or how you know Cas, you stay the fuck away from him. You ever come near him again and I will break both of your fucking legs, that’s a fucking promise.”
And to his own great dismay, and mild confusion, Sam is the one to bring it to a close. Over a long time, though. Holy shit, he feels like he's going to die and live and sink like a rock and float like a balloon all at the same time.
Instead of answering right away, Dean finishes off the rest of his beer in four huge gulps. He belches softly. "I need some exposure therapy."
“I’m scared. More than scared. Petrified. There’s... not even a word for it. All this not knowing... I’m not sure how much of it I can handle. But I will. Because it’s you.” He wipes his hands on the towel next to the bowl and picks up the razor.
“I’m just happy you found a model that piques your interest. Rest up a lot. They’ll probably put you through your paces.”
Dean laughs and digs into his dresser for boxer shorts. Sam won't be home, but even so he's always felt weird wandering outside of his room naked. "You can sleep again for about twenty minutes. I'll be right back."
Castiel groans moodily, squinting and pissed off about being woken up. “Did it really have to be him? I hate him.”
It’s a lot to go over, but life changes tend to be that way regardless. Dean counts it as a win when his brain doesn’t start racing with anxiety and possibilities at once to keep him awake all night, but simply settles on the offer and falls asleep quickly.
“Gross, no,” Sam protests. But the light in his eyes is kind of worth it. “I’ll be good, okay? Jesus. Like my two dads over here,” he mutters, wandering away.
Sam thrusts his cell phone over. The gallery is pulled up with a grainy photo of a pretty unassuming dude in the front row.
Dean begins pacing the room. Back and forth. “Jesus, it’s... I was so tied up in you - flirting with you - I took my attention off Sam. I could have seen what was about to happen! I could have fucking stopped it! I would have known... I dunno,
Trembling with nerves, shivering in the afterglow, Dean shakes his head vigorously. "It's okay," he breathes. "It's okay. It's okay. This... I need this."
Dean bends forward, too, not touching the counter or anything else to look where Castiel is pointing. Or really to look at the shape of Castiel's hand. It's nice. Long fingers. "What's your favorite?" he asks. Then he makes the mistake of looking up again because Castiel's face is
When Gabriel hides behind his teasing for more than a few minutes after running in with his pants metaphorically on fire, something serious is going on. Flu or not, Castiel is more than willing to help, but sometimes he wishes that Gabriel had the mental fortitude to get to the damn point faster.
Castiel fingers the leather cuffs. “I really do want this, in case that was unclear.” He tilts his head to look at Dean properly. “Being able to stand back and watch you come apart for me?” He sighs indulgently. “It’s art, Dean.”
Castiel comes to the bed and deposits the medication and doughnuts on the comforter. He hands Dean his coffee, watching him in the early sunlight as he takes his first taste. And he prays that this is the first of many similar mornings. Giving in to the urge, he leans forward, kisses Dean, and says, “same.”
Castiel shoves his aching cock into Dean’s open, waiting mouth. The last of his control remains only to keep himself from thrusting too forcefully. His pace is controlled and measured, though his heart and mind are wild things.
how good he is at oral. However, he hadn’t accounted for how good Castiel would be at dominating, so instead of being able to preen under his own skills, he’s at Castiel’s mercy. But what a place to be.
Carefully, Sam raises his head. He didn't anticipate that, but for some reason it doesn't add to the pile, either. Probably because it's a hell of a suggestion. "You'd be okay with me seeing your therapist?"
"It's not like that with someone who isn't your mate, or planning to be," Castiel snaps. "You can help as you offered, knowing what it means, or you can get the hell out, but I will not tolerate mocking over something so personal to my kind."
“It’s fine,” Gabriel assures him, guiding him through a dark, empty library to a set of huge French doors.
He takes a red lollipop from Donna's bowl this time, and spins it between his fingers thoughtfully on the whole drive home. Of course, it takes him fifteen minutes to realize that he's not actually at his house. He's nearing the intersection where Espresso Lane is. Jesus. Brains are so unhelpful.
"So? You found my practice doing a Google search. And I'm a safe person now. Not too much different, yeah?"
Sam shrugs, non-committal. He doesn't necessarily want to hear the whole song and dance routine, but a part of him is a bit intrigued by it. And his anxiety levels are currently gluing feet to floor and ass to chair, begging for a reprieve. To just
Three fake smiles grace the clueless interviewer as the cameras swing towards the two bodyguards for several seemingly-endless seconds, and thankfully, the whole ordeal is over fifteen minutes later. An hour all told, if the ride home counts. Dean counts it. Dean counts every fucking
After her stint on the show, Ruby becomes quite the fixture in Sam’s life. Even two months later, she’s still around on the set, the cast and crew treating her like an old friend.
Dean swallows. That tone. God, he loves that tone when it’s outside of the workplace. “Yeah,” he croaks. He does. He really,
“That was senior year of high school in the back of Baby all over again,” Dean sighs, taking the kisses.
But Castiel doesn’t sleep. He won’t be moved when Benny meets him in the public waiting room with fresh clothes for them and gently suggests that Castiel get some sleep. It’s a crazy thought, and Castiel doesn’t voice it, but he wants to tell Benny that he and Dean are married now. They share everything, so Dean is sleeping enough for the both of them.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, whole body vibrating. "Don't wanna talk about that right now. Distraction, okay?"
Castiel kisses him briefly. Softly. Dean’s lips tingle in the aftermath. Then he steps back. “We’ll use cotton rope tonight. It’s very comfortable. May I begin?”
His dealbreaker. His husband is saying that the vows are what are keeping him tethered to their marriage now. The promises. Because Castiel Novak doesn’t break promises, even when he doesn’t want them anymore. “Okay,” he says again.
Castiel knuckles hard into his eyes. “I love you!” he shouts. “I love you, and I’ll screw it all up just like before because I love you, and I’ll do it again, and I’m ready for that, and I want to do it again and again because I’m an
“Yes,” Castiel says evenly, clearly on firm footing with Dean’s reaction. It’s probably happened before. Not surprising with how tight laced he comes off most of the time. “I’m a highly experienced Dom.”
"I was thorough," Castiel says in a single hiccupping breath. He wiggles around, raising himself up on his forearms and pushing his ass back up off the bed.
He shakes his head vigorously. Absolutely does not glance up towards Gabriel. Picks up his pen. Drops his pen with a soft, "fuck." Gets a dirty look from the person sitting next to him. Picks his pen up off the floor. Sets pen to paper. Hopes his brain can function without the rest of him, and he starts to write.
“You need to relax,” Castiel murmurs onto the base of Dean’s neck. “I can feel how tense you are. I’m going to give you exactly what you asked for, but you have to trust me and let go. Are you ready to do that?”
Dean feels a jolt behind his ribs. Not that he's worried exactly, but Castiel's fingers are fascinating. His hands are broad, but the fingers are long and a little bit delicate. The nails clean and neatly trimmed. He picks up the cup and then proceeds to take too big of a gulp, scorching as it goes down, but he prides himself on his poker face.
Castiel’s face splits into a grin that almost hurts. Finally, his tears spill over, too. “He’s fighting his way back.”
Dorothy takes a moment with Charlie's distraction to address Sam again. "I'm sorry about her. She comes on really strong sometimes, but it's because she wants to make friends. She sees something in you, and frankly, when she takes notice, it's usually something worth taking notice of. You don't have to come if you don't want to."
So he sits back and peers around the historic theatre as the seats fill around him. It appears in their hometown, the band has a decent local and loyal following. Many attendees are wearing shirts, pins, patches, bracelets, and other merchandise. They also look on the whole to be older than the recent audiences that Castiel has been a part of. Silently, Castiel is thankful or that, too. No matter what, he has always been slightly uncomfortable among younger audiences. He doesn't feed off of crowd energy the same as most people do - especially when he is observing an act professionally, but also doesn't always enjoy sitting backstage or on the sidelines with a less favorable view. But tonight the people who occupy the seats beside him are about his age or older. He smiles and nods to those who pass him on the way to their seats and instinctively does some recon; asking the couple seated on either side of him how long they have been fans and what their favorite songs and albums are.
"Been thinkin'," Dean murmurs. "About Saturday and what's been going on. Makes it hard to sleep. This shit's hard for me, Cas."
Castiel perks up, shuffling straight backed in his seat, preening. "Why, thank you, Dean. I'd like to return the compliment tenfold to you."
The anxiety now that they can both settle back and process, doesn't come. For once, it doesn't come. Sam leans back in his chair, holds Gabriel's hand over the table, and allows himself to stare. Gabriel doesn't shy away from it in the slightest. In fact, he appears to soak in Sam's study with the air of the DJ who spends his weekends controlling the ecstacy of entire crowds of people. His thin lips curl up in an inviting smile over the rim of his cup, and Sam's eyes are glued to it.
For once, Donna is totally speechless. Dean's even managed to shock Jody, who doesn't look much like it, except that he eyes are open extremely wide.
Dressed in record time, Dean’s panic fully abates as they grab their wallets and phones, descending the stairs to the garage. They jump into the Impala and are on the road in less than ten minutes. Thank Heaven for small favors that there’s hardly any traffic yet. During the whole of the drive, their phones ping relentlessly. Castiel relays the pertinent information from the passenger seat and Dean flicks the radio off.
His voice seems to shake something loose in Castiel. He blinks, unfreezing, moving on to the recessed wall where they’d installed drawers and cabinets to store a lot of their toys. “Just you,” he says blithely. “What I want to do to you tonight.” The rope drawer is at waist height, and Castiel goes to it without a moment’s hesitation. When he turns to face Dean again, he’s holding a few large bundles of black rope. They’ve never used it before. He’d explained that it was for full suspension, and they’d never reached that level before the accident. But every time Castiel had opened the drawer with the dozens of colors, he would brush his fingers over the black. It’s obviously his favorite.
Castiel shrugs, bumping Dean's head a little bit in the process. "I couldn't understand why I shouldn't want you. I loved your eyes and your smile. I was jealous of how kindly you treated everyone, but then would glare at me. It didn't make sense. I suppose... I just snapped."
Gabriel laughs as well. “Okay, I’m down with the arrangement. Once you’re settled in at home again, I’ll stop by the office and look through the scripts. Pull the good ones.”
He hates the therapy sessions. He hates the PT. He hates sleeping alone. He hates the idea of sleeping with Cas. He hates the idea of
“Husband,” Sam corrects automatically like that’s the actual important part. “And what are you talking about? You’re already with me all the time on set and at home.”
“She does,” Castiel confirms, sifting his fingers through the soft hair on top of Dean’s head. If possible, Dean melts into him even more. It’s... wonderful. He tries not to think about the last time he cuddled someone outside of aftercare. The length of time would probably only depress him.
Speaking of which, why the hell doesn't he have anything to wear? He looks at everything in his closet with disgust. Who in the world let him buy ten of the same outfit? This won't do at all. It's a miracle Dean noticed him at all with all the damn beige he wears without second thought.
“Okay,” she says calmly. “I’m not trying to dumb this down for you, darling, trust me. Come on in here. You’ll want to take a seat.”
He frowns down at his soda crackers. What if it had been a different illness? Cancer or something else that had the potential to cause lifelong problems?
Castiel comes even faster than he usually does when he’s out of control, growling and latching his teeth onto Dean’s pectoral hard enough to bruise.
"I didn't know," Dean says, eyes turning up to study Sam's face. "I thought it was just me so I didn't want to make things harder on you."
But Sam's palms are still a little damp as he grasps the steering wheel, chafing his palms back and forth a few times to bleed off some of the stress. And when he pulls into the driveway, his - not worst, but maybe moderate - fear is realized. Dean is sitting in the parking space, sorting his "collection."
Dean laughs. “Man, he really is the most paranoid guy I know. It’s not top secret information. Sam’s got a hell of a stalker, and we need to identify him so he doesn’t get close. I have reason to believe that if he gets to Sam it’ll be bad.”
Dean does. He tries to look as inconspicuous as possible, though that probably makes him look even more suspicious. But thanks to his bad attitude for the past week, no one approaches him or looks twice. Everyone except Castiel, that is. Dean can’t see him perfectly - admitting now he probably needs to go to an eye doctor again eventually - but he can see the broader movements. The way he shifts on the car, keying the mic so that Dean can hear the familiar rustling of his trench coat. He can hear Castiel swallow when he takes a drink of his soda. He’s missed those sounds. Wondered if they’d been there the whole week and he’d been too agitated to notice. More likely, Castiel had been a noble asshole once again and muted his mic unless necessary.
