All of them SHIELD agents, Steve thought belatedly as he greeted them back. There was already a plate full of food in front of him. Eggs, cheese, ham, bread, and he really guessed he had to be grateful for all of this. Upon awakening, Natasha and that director—Nicholas Fury—had sat down with him and explained very calmly what had happened and where he was. There had been no games, no belittlement of the situation, they’d only told him what was what, and Steve was grateful for that.
Yeah, they were really gonna fight this out, Tony thought with not too-little despair. They
Tony’s lips twisted in what could have been the mockery of a smile—probably because of Steve’s phrasing.
Steve shook his head heavily. “But… I thought… Everyone told me how much you loved her. And every time someone mentioned her, you had that look in your eyes. You…”
"When I woke up I was hungover, and parts of the night were missing. I panicked," he said, smiling ruefully at him. "I tried to let you down easy, yes. But I knew right away that it wouldn't sell. I was already… too invested. I wanted to take it back but by then you were already gone."
“Or you’ll share it with me, and then cancel the wedding altogether,” Tony murmured, trying to step back, but Steve was having none of it. His warm hands were holding him near, and that smile, full of love and trust, nearly undid him.
“What do you mean?”
“Having second thoughts?” Tony asked, sounding almost hopeful.
“I just… I don’t know what to do,” Tony explained. “We keep coming back here, and I tried to ignore you, and it didn’t help. And then last night, I wanted to… I don’t even know what I was thinking. There was the argument with Obi, and I drank too much, and fell asleep on those stupid missile blueprints he wants to have, and then there was
[TStark] [chat_server:46953] is online
Thus, Clint had been smashed into the wall twice, Hulk had destroyed the south wall of the training area while trying to escape Wanda’s blasts, and Sam and Rhodey had thrown in the towel ten minutes ago and were now comparing their repulsor tech on the side lines.
He tried very hard not to think about the last time they had had sex.
Tony turned around and cast him a wide, mocking grin. The first thing Steve noticed was that his goatee was as sharp and meticulous as ever, and he definitely still seemed to be tired. “Live here, don’t I?” he said. “My house. Bit messed up, but mine.”
Tony hummed. “And you wanted to come here now for the same reason?”
In the next few hours, Steve watched as Tony put the plan into action, the rest of the team simply trusting him to do the right thing. They all worked together like a well-oiled machine, never once questioning each other’s intentions, never once doubting they could do it.
Tony watched as Steve moved about the kitchen, collecting ingredients for what he assured him would be the best breakfast Tony’d ever had.
Now the voice was drastically less calm.
“Everything's different now,” Tony whispered into Steve’s skin. “I hadn’t planned for this.”
“You used to really annoy the crap out of me, sometimes,” Tony said, his voice low. Steve heard some clinking in the background, a short welding sound, and he knew Tony was in the shop again.
, and I want someone who actually
“It’s tough for him,” Natasha mused.
When he opened his mouth to speak, he was astonished at how guttural his voice sounded. Raw. Like dry leaves dancing together in a late autumn wind. “Friday,” he said. “Is Pepper…”
Steve paused and raised a brow at him. “Like what?”
past self would—”
Next to Tony, Steve shook his head, as if forcing himself back to the present. “I, uh—sorry—
When Steve’s words finally registered with his hormone addled brain, Tony groaned and grabbed for the pillow, pulling it right over his face. “That
“We need to figure out a way to deal with this,” Steve said quietly as he approached Tony. “What do we do now? Tony,
“You’re not a monster,” Steve said. “But you’re blaming me for not reacting decently when faced with something that’s throwing off my whole world-view. That’s hardly fair. And I think I earned another try.”
“Being me is hard on me,” Bucky told him, then glanced at Steve over his shoulder. “Thank you.”
“When…” Tony gasped. “When did you get so damned strong?”
“I told you, it’s a long story.” Steve stood up as well. He shuffled over and, after a brief hesitation, stepped right up to Tony. “It’s not like we started getting along overnight. I mean, after Siberia, we hadn’t talked to each other for almost two years, then there was Thanos—”
be so hard? How did Steve always manage to rile him up so much?
“I’m just…” Steve bit his lip. “Just wanted to see if Tony was home. Haven’t seen him all day.”
He vaguely heard Ross ordering the marines to get the Hulk out of the picture, and on the next beat, the men were rushing in.
“Give ‘em hell.”
,” Tony gasped, and a robotic sound, as close to a sob as the modulators would allow it, resounded in the space between them.
But much more mysterious.
His eyes followed her as she dressed, moving from the bathroom to his small closet, pulling out one of his shirts. She slipped out of the bedroom and a few moments later, he could hear the sound of her humming as she showered. The same Russian melody every time; he knew all the tunes. When she reappeared, dressed in a simple jeans and his shirt, her red hair was damp and smelled like coconut.
“Stop sounding so eager. We’re never going to be friends.”
clear what Steve had been up to before he’d come down here.
“I agree,” Natasha said, smiling that bemused smile of hers. “But you’re being evasive about Tony. Don’t think we haven’t noticed.”
There had to be another adjoining room, but once Dummy had the door opened, Steve realized that the sounds of the ocean instantly increased. Over the past weeks, he’d become increasingly aware of the crash of wild water. It had become so familiar so quickly that he hadn’t noticed the vibrations grow louder.
“Good thing it wasn’t you who ran up against it,” Bucky said, and it took Steve a moment to realize he’d been talking to
eating?” Natasha countered, brows arching.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“I won’t fight you,” Steve told him quietly. “I can’t.”
“Then you should probably dream of someone else.”
"Come on in," Steve eventually said, unlocking the door and ushering his friend inside. "You look like you could use some coffee."
He couldn’t help but smile back at her, probably far too wide and far too open, but alas. Natasha had seen him in various states of sleep-deprived clumsiness by now and Tony had long stopped gauging his every move around her. She made to stand up, grabbing for a bottle of water and pushing a straw through the opening.
Bucky nodded, but he didn’t look too convinced. “Thanks.”
He stepped out of the shadows at that, smiling a little beneath his mask as the woman startled at his approach. She wore a long red skirt that flowed loosely around her legs. The white shirt showed a hint of her breasts. “James?” she asked, eyes growing even larger.
"Because," Steve reached over and tugged the pillow out of Tony's hands, leaning over to grin at him. "We talked about this." He kissed him. "You wanted to be open about it, and I'm all for that. And it'd be easier to get it out of the way as early as possible." And Steve was determined to finally have a face to face chat with the guy.
Steve shrugged, and felt the disappointment fully leak into his system. He hadn’t thought it would hurt so much. “It’s gonna be tough, sure, but I don’t
Steve was
“I can’t believe you’re making me breakfast in an Iron Man apron,” Tony teased.
Tony grinned broadly. “Just trying to get a laugh. And succeeding.”
Steve looked taken aback, but he finally met Tony’s gaze. “No. We get along fine,” he said, sounding very serious. “I’m sorry, I’m just trying not to mess anything up by saying something wrong. Or looking at someone the wrong way.”
Tony squared his shoulders as he walked towards one of the empty couches, flopping down on it. Steve followed a second later, definitely sitting closer than strictly-platonic friends would do, so Tony guessed the cat really was out of the bag.
“Stop being stupid,” Steve muttered irritably. He dragged a hand over his face and took a step back. Who was he kidding? He wouldn’t be knocking on that door any time soon. If Tony didn’t want to talk to him—
Tony hummed, still skeptical. “Good for us.”
There was always something unnerving about Extremis clouding Tony’s eyes. That wondrous understanding that flooded his perspective on occasion and the utterly blank stare that marked total absentness were all on the uncanny side of disturbing. Some days, Steve would get frustrated with how often Tony was locked up in his own mind, but whenever he blinked the black away and smiled at him like he’d just realized something magnificent, Steve couldn’t find it in him to hold grudges against the virus. It had saved Tony’s life, after all. And he felt Tony’s hand in his. Felt the warm texture of his skin. If he inhaled, he would be greeted with Tony’s fragrance. It was more than one person could ever ask for. He might have to share his husband once in a while, but Tony was here, with him, and that was everything.
“Still in check-up,” Steve said and had to smile, when he saw Happy following Rhodes through the door. “They want to make sure he doesn’t have any internal injuries,” he explained. “It’s only a routine check-up, but it always takes longer with the arc reactor.”
Natasha was seated at the kitchen counter, idly flipping through the newspaper. There were two unclaimed plates at the counter bar. “Hello there,” she said with a sly smile. “Didn’t know whether or not to expect you today.”
The power the Detective held over him was terrifying enough. And once upon a time, Tony might have wished to be more than just his partner. Not anymore. Because Tony knew that if he kept going like this, there would be nothing left of him. Nothing that Steve didn’t own or control. And with as good and righteous as Steve was, Tony couldn’t allow himself to fall that hard for him.
Tony turned towards him. “I already told you. It doesn’t have to be our future. We’re free people… with free wills. You can stop worrying about it.”
Tony emanated a purposeful sigh and slowly, he allowed himself to reach for the bottle that stood next to the chair. He had an inkling idea that he was gonna need it.
“Steve, copy now, or I swear to God—”
SHIELD’s directive. And after the last days, Pierce had set SHIELD on higher alert. It would be even more dangerous than usual. And the fact that his little rendezvous with Barnes’ knife had cost them too much damn time, and that they barely had one and a half hours left before the launch would take place wasn’t exactly helping things either.
Steve looked pained. “Tony, I just want us to—”
"Appy?" he asked him with wide eyes.
He suddenly wished he could’ve had more time to build a prototype. The schematic
“Gone.”
“Exactly. And I’m not taking chances with it.” Steve straightened and started for the Quinjet.
Steve tore his uniform-top off over his head and tucked it underneath Tony’s back. The pain in his stomach was only an afterthought as Steve hurriedly pressed bandages against both sides of his wound, trying to staunch the flow as he secured it with his shirt. Steve shook his head. “Gotta get you to a hospital.”
Tony smiled at him. “Trust me, okay?” He leaned in, bathing kisses down Steve’s throat, one hand caressing Steve’s back soothingly as the other brought him into position. “We’ll go as slow as you need.”
“I’m not feeling sorry for you,” Steve declared. He framed Tony’s face with both of his hands, making sure he was looking at him. “You’re the most intelligent person I know. Feel sorry for you? How could I possibly feel
He bit his tongue. That was so inadequate. Tony came all the way out here to visit and all his hormone-addled brain could think of was how to get in his pants as quickly as possible.
Steve blinked in surprise. Then he shook his head hard. “Excuse me, your
"You're sure that'd be okay with… uh…" he asked, not sure who might actually object. Bucky rolled his eyes but stayed quiet.
“You’ll wait,” Tony yelled over the com, his voice all authority. “Maria, don’t you dare push that button. Just let me
you to let us go.”
Slowly, Tony shook his head, confirming his suspicion.
Steve was gone. His entire being was focused on the slide in and out of his body, the devouring kiss, Tony's words. He couldn't answer, didn't have the words, but it rang true anyway. If he were Tony's, they could be doing this whenever they wanted. He could wake up in Tony's bed and bring him breakfast, and they could be together, they could be unbeatable.
Steve nodded, and there wasn’t an ounce of doubt in his eyes. “You’re one of the greatest guys I’ve ever met Tony. Everyone should be happy to be your boyfriend.”
—and then, and then
“Sam?” Natasha yelled, but Sam was already there, covering behind the car next to them.
—it felt like Tony had at some point crawled inside his skin and made himself at home. Steve knew deep inside that his life would never be the same.
And more importantly: Why would Tony allow a picture of Bucky here?
A stilled hush fell over the room as Fury took his seat. “Thank you for coming by today. Let’s hope this won’t take much time. I’m sure you’re all eager to put this matter behind you.”
Steve was too loyal for his own good. He always had been.
Natasha leaned back her head against the wall. “No,” she said softly. “Not all of it.”
SR 3:10 A.M.>That ass of yours… yeah. You could
The others had woken in the early afternoon. They’d headed for lunch at some greasy diner before eventually driving for their next destination. Apparently, Tony had already made reservations for a campground in the Smoky Mountains, since it was always pretty crowded this time of the year.
“No,” Rhodey said, shaking his head. “When you decided for yourself that you wanted to stop drinking. To become better for him.”
“Fuck you, Rogers,” he spat at him, while hitting him with clumsy fists. “Do you want me or not?!”
“Like this?” he asked coyly, and he was probably making quite the show out of it—ass raised up high, legs parted as much as possible, back curved like a cat—but what the hell… He wanted Steve. Steve wanted him. Anything else didn’t matter.
If Steve had been more on top of things, not so fucked out, he might've been able to conceal his reaction to those words. He didn't really know what Tony had meant, but in the context of what had just happened, Steve could only assume Tony was talking about his decision to have sex with him. It stung pretty badly, especially in Steve's vulnerable state. He'd just opened up to Tony in a way he'd never imagined he would with anyone, and this is what the guy had to say right after?
It didn’t matter. Hammer might be right. Tony might still love his wife—and he might not love Steve in return. Maybe he never would. But Steve loved him enough for both of them.
Tony exhaled a long breath. This conversation had always been inevitable, it seemed. Might as well get it over now. “Don’t know if that’s a good or a bad thing.”
“You deserve it. Ian, he is…” Natasha trailed off, and shook her head, chuckling as she searched for a word. “He’s something else.”
Tony released a slow, steady breath.
, he didn’t dare to say.
After Steve’s little tête-à-tête with Sam’s garage wall, the two of them had been the last to sit down at the dinner table, and after that, everyone remained in silence for several minutes, before it threatened to consume them.
“But you’re not sorry that you lied to me,” Steve said and it wasn’t a question.
Tony’s fingers gripped the bench’s side harder, and he bit his lip as he thrust back to take him all the way in. His torso bowed back, groaning with how big Steve felt.
… not sure if I should be doing that.”
Tony hadn’t become the devil today—he’d
Slowly, almost against his own will, his feet carried him back, and once he stood on top of the stairs, he couldn’t help but glance down.
* * *
“Just a little.” Steve let a hand run along Tony’s jaw, his smile widening when Tony leaned into his touch. “You’re the most intimidating person I’ve ever met,” Steve whispered, but though he was quiet, his voice remained sincere. “You still are, to some degree. It took me a while to bring up the nerve to do anything about my feelings. But now, it doesn’t make me nervous anymore. I’m just… happy. You’ve made me happy in way I never thought I’d be.”
This had happened too fast. He’d lost himself too damn fast.
Steve’s blue eyes darkened as he moved Tony above him. And it felt like Steve was striking a new angle with every plunge. And then he felt Steve’s hand grip the tip of his cock with precision, and it was over. From where his orgasm had sneaked up on him, Tony didn’t know. Only that his body gave way to its pleasure with a force that hadn’t changed. Even after all this time.
Tony couldn’t help the large, beaming smile that took control of his face. This was just… kind of crazy. And also likely the best thing that had ever happened to him.
Rhodes sighed, pointing to the bunk beds above. “There’s a queen sized bed in the back, the sofas here can become a single bed each, and there’s a double bed in the bunk upstairs.”
Steve slowly raised his brows. Had he not heard him say that he was
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
A pleased smile rose to Natasha’s lips. “Downstairs.”
“I had hoped they would,” Vision supplied, still smiling at Tony. However possible, he simultaneously looked like a proud father and a gloating teenager.
Steve buried his face in both hands, letting a heavy breath lose. “Don’t say it.”
The other man had a booming roar of a voice that bounced off the walls. He spoke with a thick accent and Steve figured it simply was one of Stark Industries’ business partners.
And what a backlash it was.
“You did?” he said, a half-question, as he regarded Steve more closely.
He saw his mirror image in the ice. Distorted maybe, but that was his face—it had to be. He squinted as his features, gauging his every move.
“This is not your choice,” Nebula told Gamora and shook the hand off again.
It wasn’t the first time he’d apologized, and it likely wouldn’t be the last.
For the first time, Bucky realized how close Nat and Steve seemed to be. He hadn’t paid much attention to their interactions before, but it was very clear now. She wasn’t even paying his movements any attention, simply leaning against his side and trusting him to fix those wounds properly. They were comfortable around each other, and he found himself craving that casual closeness.
“Be careful, Mister Stane, that’s a wild speculation,” Fury observed.
“How much longer do we have?” Carol asked.
TS 3:39 A.M.>So I figure you didn’t go back to that bar… or any other bar, yeah?
“You’re saying they will come for me,” Wanda concluded.
Tony took that as the cue to shove past Steve, his eyes flickering all across the room, taking in the scene. “
“Want you to enjoy this,” Steve said.
“Ah, well, don’t be. My wedding vows contained three ‘fucks’ and one ‘jackass’, I think it’s only fair that you get to ruin the pillow talk.”
“That’s the whole point. I can’t tell you anything.”
“Dude, I could work alongside the Avengers,” Sam ventured and Tony saw the corner of his mouth lift in a half-grin. “There’s no better reason to get back in.”
She smiled knowingly. “Sure thing.” She leaned up and pressed her lips against Bucky’s cheek, lingering for half a second before pulling back again. Bucky only rolled his eyes and tugged on Natasha’s arm until she leaned back in and let herself be kissed decently.
Iron Man’s head cocked to the side slightly. “We are,” he agreed.
“I promised Tony to let them take us in. He’ll get you out. Then we can sort out what’s going on with Siberia together.”
“You say that
It was the hardest thing he’d ever done, letting go of the shield’s leather straps, hearing it toppling against the metal bars beneath him, before it rushed down into the water. Because… it did not only mean surrendering to everything Bucky would do to him, it also meant—in some parts—that he was letting Tony down.
A breeze of fire swept around Steve’s body—heat unlike anything he’d ever felt. It shook him to the bone, mashed shattered pieces into powder, pulled and tugged. It was heat that wanted him, wanted to consume, wanted to waste everything in its path.
And that was something Tony couldn’t let happen.
No. He definitely remembered how it had felt to die. There, lying down on the cold asphalt in his own blood, the arc reactor crushed and deformed in his chest—it hadn’t felt like this. It hadn’t felt so blissful.
Tony swallowed. He glanced at Bucky, whose expression was unreadable at best. Without looking at Steve, he shook his head. “No.”
So instead of grasping Steve’s hand in his, he stood up. The air between them was dreadfully still, and now that Tony had stepped out of Steve’s reach, he found himself drowning in cold. He had barely dared to hope at all anymore, but now Steve was here, and Tony wouldn’t let that chance go to waste.
“Right,” Steve whispered, eyes flickering to the window before settling on Tony again.
Tony could relate. His body was still exhausted from crying, his throat sore from screaming.
back!”
Because for some impossible reason, this man, this brave man who’d pushed him to his limits so often that Tony had often crossed them without even noticing—he’d wanted to marry him.
“Alright, thanks,” Steve said, letting himself drop back down on the couch. Tiredly, he rubbed a hand back and forth across his eyes.
“My apologies,” the man replied, his cold eyes never wavering from his employer. “I thought it best that everyone become acquainted with Mister Rogers. Since it seems he’ll be staying for a while.”
more.
“He asked where you were, and when Bucky told him you were out, he walked up here and went into your room. That was four hours ago.”
Tony glared at him through the mirror. He hadn’t told Rhodey about the kiss—he wasn’t stupid. Rhodey only had to blurt the wrong thing at the wrong time, and Steve really
“How did it go, anyway?” Bruce interrupted them. “Tony said Ultron got away?”
Tony looked… he looked wrecked. His hair was tousled, his skin stained with grease and who knows what else. The clothes he was wearing—the same ones as yesterday, which raised Steve's suspicion a little—were stained as well, and had pinhole burns across the front, exposing tiny bits of skin that Steve definitely did not want to see more of.
“On a tractor?”
A loud buzzing penetrated Tony’s sleep. He opened one bleary eye, saw 6:32 AM flashing on the alarm clock and slammed one hand down to stop the noise. The buzzing continued—
Natasha was a nice person, though. They got along well, and he might as well call her and Clint his friends now. They always kept him company at breakfast and dinner, and joined most of his sparring sessions.
Captain America. More importantly: He was Steve Rogers. And he wasn’t the sort of man who cowered under bullies. “None of it.”
“Yeah, we got it, but…” Steve frowned, when something else occurred to him. “You said you worked on getting JARVIS back online. How? I thought he was…”
… I’m not sure you’re fully aware of the consequences. SHIELD is the only organization with the right ways and means to ensure world safety on an international level.”
The only ones who would call him right now would be Bucky or Sam. His two colleagues had helped in finding Stane’s lair today. Sam, as the team’s forensic scientist, would be busy surveying the crime scene by now, and Bucky surely had taken the hint and stepped in after Steve had called at the LAPD, telling him that he needed to back down for the evening.
“Wow,” Steve said next to him, and his eyes were slightly widened as they took it all in. “You didn’t exaggerate.”
“No,” Bucky replied with a huff. “That’s… a bit of a surprise. Not necessarily a bad one, but… you never said anything.”
Steve didn’t break eye contact. “Do
. You were right about him. I just… I didn’t want to see it. Last week, on my business trip, I met a journalist. Annoying woman… but she… she had a few things to tell me about Obi and the people he sold weapons to, and… I ignored it. I didn’t want another thing to deal with. But you were right. I should have seen something like this coming. That he wouldn’t let go just like this…” Tony paused long enough to rub a hand over his mouth. “It doesn’t matter now,” he continued, turning his gaze to the window. “It’s over.”
“Sure you don’t want to go somewhere else?” Tony offered. “It’s early yet.”
Steve grabbed for a pack of first aid compresses from his utility belt, and pushed it against the wound. Meanwhile, he could hear Sam and Bucky walking through the lab behind his back, opening drawers and cupboards with hectic movements.
It lasted only a moment, then Tony’s lips were gone. He leaned back in his hold, panting and looking at him with pure anger. His eyes were glossed over. He looked so confused. And so irrevocably lost.
“Theoretically, yes. But it’s easier to do it together. And it’s already dark.”
“What are those?” Cooper asked distractedly, while staring at his plane with glee.
“Avengers,” FRIDAY announced via the speakers. “ETA in three minutes.”
“Go on,” Steve told them with a small wave of his hand. “Bring Clint to Cho, we’ll be right behind you.”
“Because we’re married,” Steve said, huffing as he stared first to the ceiling, then back at Tony. “How did we ever get together?”
He threw his shield the next instant, and Bucky plunged into battle without any preliminaries. The moment Steve was within range, he spun like a dervish and thrust out his knives, nearly slicing through Steve’s throat in the process. But Steve was quicker, and ducked to the side, throwing a punch at Bucky’s side. The blow left Bucky slightly—and very briefly—off balance, and Steve took quick advantage of that fact, throwing an uppercut before he had even straightened up, knocking Bucky off his feet.
Tony grabbed his wrist, but there was no real strength in his grip. “I think it was meant to be this way,” he said, and he almost couldn’t believe his own words. Never in his life had he believed in fate. He’d always been sure, one-hundred percent, that he was the maker of his own choices. But this… this felt a lot like destiny. “I think it’s the only way to make sure Earth will survive.”
Tony jolted upwards, almost hitting his head on one of the suit’s leg plates. He was lying on a creeper down on the floor on the far side of the workshop, his arms raised up and elbow deep in the newest Iron Man suit. Letting go of the cables he’d meant to link to the right foot, he looked up and dragged the goggles back on his hair.
“Holy fucking shit,” Tony mumbled inarticulately, still shaking with the force of his orgasm. His limbs felt like jelly, and everything in the world had dropped away into nothing except for Steve’s breaths against his ear.
“Alright,” Pepper said eventually and only a beat later, she began to talk of all the preparations that would be necessary for the ball to happen on such a short notice. However, Steve hardly heard what she said, because the look on Tony’s face was absent once more, and Steve could see from the way his shoulders drew upward that he was trying to hide something.
Stane smiled like Steve was the world’s biggest joke. “Well, let us be honest with each other, shall we? I believe Tony only brought you here to take care of
In front of them, Steve’s puzzled look gave way to amusement. “You had a panic attack because she kissed you?”
As Stark Industries’ future CEO, Tony’s workshop had been moved to one of the more prestigious floors a few months ago and the atmosphere in the building had grown on Tony very little ever since. The place was clean, as clean as it could be and with each shiny white floor they passed on their way up, the knot in Tony’s gut drew a little tighter.
Turning to look around his own familiar room, Steve shrugged, then looked back to Tony with a small, wary smile.
"Okay," he spoke up. "This meeting is clearly not going anywhere. I don't know about you guys, but I'm tired. Let's go over the rest of the debrief some other time."
“Starting classes again.”
“Sorry,” she said immediately. “That was… not because he’s a guy. Trust me, that doesn’t matter to me at all.”
“Well, I don’t know. Not on her, I suppose,” Tony said, and every time their conversation came to Indries, the same guilt—the guilt Steve had mistaken for grief for too long—flashed across his face. “The sea’s had her too long. There can’t possibly be any evidence of… of what happened.”
Steve pulled back at that and practically attacked Tony’s lips with his own. Tony remained in stunned delirium before Steve’s tongue pushed into his mouth, and then he was all but ravaging him. The pent up tension, the longing, the worry—everything poured into one simple kiss. They nibbled and tasted each other. Needing far more than could be given right now.
Tony tossed a careful glance to the workshop’s glass front. In the other room, Rhodey was still on the treadmill, although FRIDAY had only allowed him half an hour training per day. The thing was barely moving, and Rhodey stared ahead with determination while taking one step after the other. When he stumbled, barely able to catch himself, Tony pushed another button, effectively ending the call.
those memories. He saw them in Tony’s eyes every single day. He saw
Before the argument could escalate, Bruce intervened, putting a hand on Natasha’s shoulders and gently pulling her out of the fray. “Now isn’t the time.”
Steve looked to the side and realized that their arms were touching. Immediately, he felt warmth burning through his body.
“Я буду помнить за нас обоих,” she said, then. It was meant to be soothing, but her voice sounded almost as desperate as he felt. As though it was more a curse than a blessing.
It was a stupid joke, they both knew it, and Steve didn’t laugh—didn’t even smile. Tony was looking at him with the strangest expression on his face. His eyes were no longer blank, but filled—very briefly—with an emotion so strong it almost hurt Steve to look at him.
disappointing proposal.”
There was something to be said about waking up and immediately finding someone’s lips planted to your mouth.
from me?” Tony asked. He’d meant to snap at Steve—though, all things considered, his voice sounded far less vicious than it could have been.
“It got me this,” Tony said, pressing himself against Steve. “No regrets.”
“Daaaa-da,” Ian whined. Both of his hands were slapping against their shoulders. His voice clearly said how much he wasn’t pleased with the lack of attention, and both Tony and Steve drew back, chuckling as they pressed their foreheads together.
in Tony’s eyes. It was all there. Every moment, every caress, every kiss of his lips and hug of his body. Laughter and tears, heated arguments and even more heated reconciliations.
And Steve was very much not. Within hours, he’d made it to the FBI’s Most Wanted list. For now, it was only about gathering information, but as soon as they had final proof that Steve had indeed voluntarily helped a terrorist flee, then there was not much Tony could do for him.
Taking a deep breath, Steve walked down the stairs, making his presence known.
He couldn’t help it—the second Tony saw Steve approaching, moving to close his arms around him, he tensed. He felt his controlled composure slip, felt his stoic expression crumble, and put both hands on Steve’s chest, keeping him at a distance.
The only facts he knew were Tony’s first name, that he liked to work with machines, and that he’d once lived somewhere in California. He didn’t know much about this new world, but he knew there would be thousands of Tonys out there.
Steve groaned. There was no arguing with that. “I love you,” he mumbled mindlessly, threading his trembling fingers through Tony’s hair and jerking his head back just far enough so he could look at him. “Love you, love you, love you.”
“That’s wise, likely.”
It had just… taken some time. He had never spent much time around children; always been too sick to help his mother care for the neighborhood kids. After dropping out from fine arts, his only goal had been to enlist, and the thought of actually settling down hadn’t really crossed his mind. Honestly, the closest he’d gotten to interacting with a child was the few times he’d had to take a promotional photo with a baby during the USO tour.
“The real power is inside the cradle,” she ground out, gritting her teeth as Steve pressed in a bit more. “The gem. Its power is uncontainable.”
Only when he felt Steve’s hand on his thigh, Tony realized he’d been fidgeting and forced himself to stop. He put a hand on top of Steve’s, entwining their fingers and glancing at Steve with a reassuring smile. “‘m good,” he said. The look of concern failed to dissipate from Steve’s eyes; he clearly didn’t believe him. Tony sighed, shrugged. “I’m just… I think I’m finally getting somewhere with the company, you know. At least half of the board listens to me now, the energy projects are well underway, and he stopped nagging about his weapon’s projects all the time and only brings it up a solid… twice a day. Don’t want him looking over my shoulder again all the time. Not that I don’t want to tell him, I really really do, just… Obi’s Obi. Hard to tell how he will react.”
So Tony and Bruce had led Steve to the medical cell that they had set up for Barnes the day of his arrival. It had been one of the first Hulk-Out rooms, and it had gone virtually unused so far. There was a large bed in the middle and a few non-visible cabinets with medical equipment and lots and lots of tranquilizers. Aside from the reinforced glass front surrounding it, and the various restraints and shackles that could be retracted from the bed and walls, it was a simple yet comfortable room, but those details were of no meaning to Steve at the time.
a glass of scotch.
“Not on my command,” Fury said and sighed. “Although, it wasn’t exactly hard to locate your home.”
yes,” Tony said, grinning at Steve widely. “A
He was standing right behind Tony by now and the second Steve put a hand on his shoulder, Tony whirled around, staring him down with red-glowing eyes.
Tony snorted, nodded. “He bought the whole damn building. I have my own lab in the cellar, people will hate me.”
A few seconds later, Tony and Bruce walked in as well. Tony’s expression was anxious. He cradled a sleeping Ian in his arms and he looked around as if expecting to see a ghost. When they landed on Steve, however, they changed to relief.
. Ugh. No thank you.
This was… Steve didn’t know
He reached out and touched his reflection. “You’ve been so blind,” he said.
Was she afraid? Afraid of what Steve would think of her? Now that he knew she was an actual demon and not just a really badass bounty hunter?
“Thank you.”
“Don’t do that,” Tony breathed. “Don’t ever wake up.”
Tony sat firmly to his right, their argument about the Accords momentarily forgotten. He’d had his arm wrapped securely around Steve’s waist, not suffocatingly so, just there. His touch was strong and immediately soothing. Fingertips skittered along Steve’s wrist to finally find Steve’s fingers, to loop his and Tony’s tightly together.
“In any case, something’s off,” Steve murmured, and both Bucky and Tony hummed their agreement.
“Scandalous,” Tony shot back, grinning.
“I have condoms,” Tony ventured hastily, “but I can’t catch any diseases, and…” He smiled and leaned down, nipping at Steve’s lower lip before brushing his mouth along his ear. “I want you to mess me up as best as you can.”
Not so much today.
“Why should I?”
For a moment, Stane’s words came back to him.
“Here goes nothing,” Tony announced and logged into Extremis, shutting down the first implant with a single click.
You guys still here? :) Sorry for the delay. Next 2 weeks will be a bit busy for me, afterwards I'll be back to regular updates.
"Anyway, we have some pancakes and salad here." He pointed at the dishes. "Or you could wait until I get something else ready. Or both."
There was no wariness in Steve’s eyes when he finally opened them. No hesitation—only warmth. And that solidified it. No going back now.
“Laura’s completely badass,” Clint said, but there was an undertone to his voice and Steve had a feeling it wasn’t all as easy as Clint tried to make it. He clapped a hand down on Tony’s shoulders before jogging down the slight slope towards the building.
And yet. With the sight of Steve’s tears… Tony came close to losing all sense of control.
The Mind Stones’ light bore down against Natasha’s opponent, and thus, Steve finally managed to hit him with the shield so hard that he too slumped down on the ground for good.
He had a lot of repairing work to do, after all.
Tony took a low breath and clicked the button on the side of his watch. The screen turned a bright blue—9:16 am. He clicked the button again and the display changed to a countdown: 07:08:29:06, 07:08:29:05, 07:08:29:04…
For a brief moment, there was nothing but light—and then something stirred.
At that, Tony exhaled a startled laugh, then broadly grinned at Steve. “That… actually sounded a lot like the vow you said at our wedding.”
“No. Just booze and then nothing.” Tony drew in a breath and decided to brave it. He opened his eyes to meet Rhodey’s troubled gaze. He looked more concerned for him than anything else. “And Carol,” he remembered. “She turned up there after you.”
“Let’s talk later, yeah?” he asked, and pulled Tony close for a quick kiss.
“Tell me,” Steve ventured softly, his nose brushing along one of Tony’s ears.
Tony moved, carefully settling on top of Steve, and looking down on him. Steve had half a mind to remind him of his injuries, but Tony was moving without any visible strain, so he kept it to himself.
Steve’s grunts grew louder in reply. He drove into him with weeks of repression and need coursing off his body.
Tony smiled and leaned in to whisper in Steve’s ear. “You sure you don’t want to get out of here? Take off, just the two of us, for a dirty weekend somewhere?”
“Ah,” Jarvis said and Steve startled a little when the butler pressed a warm hand on his left shoulder. “I think you’re underestimating yourself. All my pleas went unheard, but you must’ve found a way to stop his endless brooding. Thank you.”
Why should there be a problem?”
The lights were real bright. Once his eyes had gotten used to it, he realized how many people were currently in the cafeteria, all of them looking like they belonged into another time-line.
“Whoa?” he asked, anyway, raising a brow at his friend.
Still. At the end of the day, he had to admit his future self was right: It seemed to be the only way to go, because without the Time Stone, and without a few years at hand to work on building a machine by themselves, breaking into Latveria truly was their only choice.
“Really?” Tony asked, sounding genuinely thankful. “Uh, you’re the best.”
"Good night," he whispered, ready to leave. He cast one last look around the room, but could barely see anything in the shutters-dim darkness. There were all sorts of schematics and tools lying around, and he even spotted a blueprint of what looked like a metal arm on wheels. Steve couldn't deny that he was... curious... about Tony's living space, but now was probably not the time, and it was certainly inappropriate regardless.
—to take that grief from his eyes. An almost painful rush of uncertainty washed over Steve at the idea that he might not be allowed to do that now.
Tony was hugging Steve, and while the power of his excitement still had him trembling, he regained some form of calmness.
At the end of it all, Steve was fine. And Stane, the man who’d made their lives a living Hell for far too long, was dead—and that was all that mattered.
Steve groaned and rubbed his face. That was… a lot to deal with.
Steve raised a brow. “You haven’t called me that in a while.”
Tony turned back to Wanda. “We don’t want to fight you. In fact, we’d like you to work with us. Offer you a place on our team.”
When the kiss ended, Tony leaned his forehead against Steve’s. “I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t forgiven me.”
“Love you, too,” Steve replied without hesitation. They lay in each other’s arms, skin against skin, and heartbeat against heartbeat, and it wasn’t long until Steve felt himself drifting off.
“Tony—”
Tony exhaled a low breath, his mind going to a complete and utter stand-still. He turned the ring, dreading what the inscription on the inside would be, though the signs were already pretty damn clear.
He was met with three amused expressions.
Steve smiled, patting Bucky’s back with calm reassurance. “Yeah…” he agreed. “Luckily your girlfriend helped me through it.”
Agent Romanoff nodded. “Yes. In the main compartment of Mrs. Stark’s boat.”
Tony snorted. Only Rhodey, his speech completely slurred, could still say that with any authority. “You’d know, huh?” Tony answered but put the bottle down anyway. “Knew you couldn’t hold your liquor.” At this point, his voice lacked its usual snark. He was just too tired.
Tony smiled at nothing. “And now I lost him. What does that say about me?”
. Releasing a frustrated sigh, Steve raised his head to the comm. “Guys, we have a second enhanced. Female. Do not engage.”
She nodded. “Yes, we just spoke to him. He and Miss Hogan returned to the house.”
Their endless sessions of deactivating Barnes’ mental implants were finally over—and whatever Barnes was doing from here on, it was his own doing. That, however, didn’t stop Steve from guarding him like a watch dog, doing the majority of the surveillance without complaint.
Steve felt sick to his bones. Was this Tony’s doing? Was he trying to keep his dead wife from leaving him?
“Yeah, and you’re married to that.”
go both ways. This,” he put his hand on the Accords draft, “is ensuring both parties have a right to do what needs to be done when the world needs it. There’s a few things I would consider adjusting, but all in all… I think this is something everyone could work with.”
“Maybe you think too highly of yourself.”
Tony grinned. The movements of his hand had stilled, and eventually, he let go of both of their cocks. A frustrated sound left Steve’s lips, but Tony wouldn’t let Steve deter him from this.
That worked well, Tony mused. Must’ve been around the same time that Steve had stood next to the bulb. He took that moment to congratulate himself on a job well done, then his head started spinning.
“—bought the whole building?”
sake, Steven.”
“He is in no immediate danger,” JARVIS replied after a moment’s consideration. “He seems to be… lost in thought, for lack of a better word. My queries remain unanswered, but all data indicates vague traces of magical influence. I’m afraid my sensors cannot locate their origin, nor their effect.”
“Fine, what is it?”
“Wahoo!” Bucky screamed next to them, lifting Natasha into a hug.
He wanted to greet the man next to her but instead found himself drawn into a big hug. Pepper chuckled and said. “Steve, this is Harold, my husband.”
“Eclipses!” Ms Jameson said as she scribbled an equation on the whiteboard. Even though this was Tony’s favorite subject, his physics teacher was way too energetic for 9 a.m. For a Monday. For practically any day after Tony’d been awake all night, which this year was basically always.
“Just get here. We’ll see if they even accept the offer, and then we can figure out how to convince Barnes.”
Steve didn’t draw back, though, he just lingered, the expression on his face one of utter comfort, like this wasn’t a groundbreaking development.
Normally, Steve would concentrate on his objective to arrest, but with so many civilians around them…
“If it’s my life against many, it always has to be them, Tony. Promise me. We can’t… I’d do anything, Tony.
Pepper Potts was… a tornado on high heels. Obi had repositioned her as Tony’s assistant, which was, as far as Tony could tell for now, the one single good thing he’d done in a whole long while.
, Tony thought to himself. He’d felt it, almost palpable—the way the strong bond they’d formed within those last years had been on the verge of getting torn apart.
“And you? I know that girl got into your head, too, and Nat’s still as shaken as I’ve ever seen her. You know those punks are just trying to mess with us, right?”
Tony arched an inquisitive brow. “Think what?”
“Then… what?”
Bucky was staring at the blueprint. Steve peered at it over his shoulder, and then fell very still. It didn't look like a simple prosthetic that would just sit there to give Bucky a more or less 'normal' silhouette. Steve glanced at Bucky. They'd discussed the reasons why Bucky wasn't using one and he'd been quite clear about it.
Tony’s knees nearly seemed to buckle at that. “Thank you,” he breathed, then exhaled a relieved snort. “Second-favorite ‘yes’ from you so far.”
"What is it?" he asked, finally putting proper distance between them and heading to grab a bottle of water to pour the both of them something to drink. He didn't have all that many facilities in his room, but a small refrigerator was of the few things he did have, along with a sitting area and a decent bed. He hoped that one would be put to some good use tonight, but he wouldn't press the issue. And of course, the en-suite. That one would be a good choice, too.
“Yeah,” Tony confirmed. “Didn’t really know how to break it to you gently. And don’t think the irony is lost on me. I condemned dad my whole life for spending so much time looking for you, trying to find you and bring you back home, and only a few years after his death, I’m following his footsteps like a good puppy.”
What if, by acting the way he had, he’d turned their blooming whatever-it-was into a friends-with-benefits or a let’s-meet-for-a-quick-fuck kind of thing? That would be the absolute opposite of what he wanted.
Tony only pressed a finger to his lips and smiled softly. He tugged Steve mouth down to his and kissed him until they both fell asleep.
Steve raised a brow. “Stop what?”
There, they could deal with this. They’d been through worse, and something like this didn’t have the power to break what was between them. Gently, Steve cupped Tony’s cheeks again and they met in the middle.
“Tony,” Bruce called with his typical hushed composure. “I have a really bad idea.” A beat when that merited no reaction other than deepened stares. “But I think it might work.”
Steve scowled and took a step forward. “What kind of discrepancies?”
He and his Steve—they’d never had the chance to just be friends, without all that baggage. After Ultron, they’d still talked, sure, but it hadn’t been the same as before.
have super-hearing, after all.
Then again… no one would’ve waited for sixteen years. Someone like Tony deserved more than that. He deserved a full life, a partner, maybe children. Steve didn’t know how he knew Tony was even still alive—he just did. He felt him everywhere he went. Today was no exception. And though he wanted to be selfish, he just wished he was happy, wherever he was now.
“You didn’t hurt anybody, but you and Wanda both still get so caught up in the fight, that you don’t think about anyone or anything around you.” When it appeared as though they were going to protest, Steve held up a hand to cut them off. “I’m not passing judgment. I’m simply stating a fact. It’s something you’ll grow into eventually, and I’ll check on your progress in a month when I’ll take over training again. Now, if you want to continue, you’re more than welcome to do so.”
“Leave?” he echoed, then huffed. “Great. A toast to that.” Tony saluted him with a bottle, which—as Steve saw only now—was mostly empty.
Bucky shrugged. “I’ve known you since kindergarten.”
“Ah.” Slowly, Tony lowered the parking brake.
“Maybe not,” Steve agreed. “But I really do want to make it work. I want for everyone to be okay again. To be okay with each other again. And I think they can be. If that means I’ll live somewhere else, I’ll do it.”
“What is
Thor smiled at him. “There is nothing new under the sun, or so my dear Jane once said. You know very well that we don’t have many alternatives.”
Howard said, and Steve stared at him disbelievingly, at his old friend, and it felt a lot like looking at a stranger. How he couldn’t see the hurt and loneliness in Tony’s expression was beyond Steve.
Happy smiled, and shook his head. “Never mind. I called Miss Klein, she’ll arrive in a little bit, take over for you if you need it. Good night, boss.”
Shaking himself out of his stupor, Tony raised his head to kiss Steve again. One of his legs wound itself around him and hauled Steve inward until they were pressed chest to chest.
Sam nodded respectfully, shook Tony’s hand, then turned on his heels and left the room.
“Yeah…” Bucky said. “I’m sorry for putting him in danger.”
Everyone stilled and the looks they gave him made it very clear that that had been the last straw.
knew he should be rejecting Tony harshly, outright, but that seemed to be beyond Steve's capacity.
Steve’s eyes widened and he took one step back, then another. He walked past the many horrible people he’d talked to in the last hours, and after that, his stiff legs were bringing him upstairs to his room much too slowly. His head throbbed and then everything around him dissolved. He was halfway down the corridor before he heard it.
“He was under surveillance, at all times. They had
“A moment?”
With that, he let his fingers trail over the keyboards once more and played the first tune, then the second. His memory caught up with him fast, and he smiled as the melody echoed across the room.
"When I said I would join your team," Thor said from his position, hovering over the mouth of the creature, "I had imagined we would be fighting your Hydra, and searching for my brother's scepter..."
New Yorker hook-up bar for that, was one step from giving me a mental breakdown.”
“Accessing archive.” There was a clicking voice, and the few monitors next to Zola’s face switched to a list of black and white photographs. “HYDRA was founded on the belief that humanity could not be trusted with its own freedom. What we did not realize, was that if you try to take that freedom, they resist. War taught us much.”
“The room?”
At first, Tony thought his mind had just tricked him, but then he saw that everyone around him was already packing their things. The whiteboard was covered in equations and a big scribble of ‘HAPPY ECLIPSE EVERYONE’, and the clock said midday.
“That’s it,” Steve murmured into Tony’s wet skin as he stretched him further. When he looked up, he saw the way Tony was inhaling sharply, his eyes darkened, and before he knew what was happening, Tony already pulled at his shoulders, drawing him upwards.
“This time’s Steve,” Natasha clarified.
“30 seconds, Cap,” Hill said over the comm.
TS 6:48 P.M.>Yeah, I know
“Don’t you dare laugh at me,” Steve said and Tony groaned when he felt him twitch in warning.
Tony shook his head before his eyes misted. The pain in his chest expanded, creeping over his heart and nearly sending him to his knees. He didn’t know how he stood without shaking. His bones rattled and his muscles felt inches away from slipping off entirely.
No bugs. And no one was here, either.
Tony sighed as he turned around. He knew alright.
And with that, the line went dead, leaving Steve to Nat’s and Clint’s bemused stares.
“The new equipment is set, I don’t know why he should, exactly,” Bruce said slowly, obviously gauging his words. He was leaning against the wall beside the exit, eyeing Tony with interest. “You really should stop giving him such a hard time, you know? Kids flirting with you is tricky business, Tony. Don’t put him in that spot.”
, it was—
That’d be three and a half years from his own time.
But he knew it was different for Tony. He’d been waiting for this all his life. They’d been friends for all but three weeks when Tony had told him about Jarvis. How he’d been more a father to him than Howard would ever be. How much his passing still hurt Tony. How much he still missed the man.
for even half a day.”
Impatiently, Tony grabbed Steve’s ass, fingers digging into his skin. Steve nuzzled the back of Tony’s neck, breathing heavily through his nose, knowing the effect that had on his nerves.
“Lagos,” Natasha replied. “We don’t know yet if he’s hiding or planning something.”
Tony peered down into the cradle, trying to focus.
, he needed to cherish this moment, and he needed Tony to believe they could still be happy together.
— Pablo Picasso
Fuck—this was ridiculous. He wouldn’t be falling for Steve in the future, he was already right there, wasn’t he? Believing in fate, though, that was something Tony just couldn’t do. It was too much of a romantic notion. All of these patterns, choices and opportunities, as if his life had been designed to bring him here, to meet this version of Steve that would make him see how good they could be together?
Tony stepped outside the balcony of the UN headquarter, letting his gaze sweep over the New York skyline. He pressed both hands to the handrail, gripping it until his knuckles turned white. No one had followed him, not Rhodey, not Natasha, although he could see that it cost them not to.
It was so easy to lose himself in Steve. They were home and Earth was safe and they had plenty of time to figure it all out.
“He… he shouldn’t have been able to do that.”
Tony’s eyes were watery and on a sudden instinct, Steve reached out to take his hand. “I think so”, he whispered. “I haven’t told them, we never talked about it, but they know. Not all of it, I suppose, but… enough.”
had and that was bad enough. They strolled quietly back to the bar and Steve called for another whiskey. Bucky still said nothing, just looked at him with that impassive expression on his face.
Steve whistled to get Natasha’s attention, motioning her that he was going in as well. She was heading in Clint’s direction, and gave him a thumb’s up. As he contemplated the best route to the roof, Sam and Thor followed Natasha to fight off the rest of HYDRA’s forces.
Steve thought, but gave his affirmation either way. “How long have you known?” he asked, then.
Steve was about to open his mouth, but Tony just held up a hand. “I
Tony was well aware of what Helen could do, of course. She was by far the most visionary thinking person he’d ever come across, but this… This was a whole new game. Ironically, it was Ultron, and Vision and JARVIS that had pushed her research by a good twenty years, and brought up possibilities that would have been unthinkable just a few months before.
Tony tossed his head back and his fingers clutched Steve’s shoulders. “Yeah, well,” he mumbled with all remaining eloquence. “Been a while.”
Tony took a breath, trying to sort through the haze in his mind. There had been something he’d wanted to ask her, right? Something about Natasha and…
He felt bleary-eyed and punchy. He’d been on the phone for nearly—looking down on his watch, he tried to calculate exactly how many hours he’d spent working with Maria on preparing their next hearing, and couldn’t come up with an accurate number. His head felt like mush. His legs were cramped, his posterior was numb, and he had a pounding headache that was slowly growing into a full blown migraine of mammoth proportions.
Steve still had no idea how things could’ve gone so wrong in such a short amount of time. Or maybe, he just hadn’t seen it coming. His shoulders felt sore from how tense he was; there was a hollow ache in his chest, and, as the merciful numbness after the bombing began to dissipate, it was replaced by an overwhelming sense of worry.
Things grew quiet again—awkward and unsure. And before Steve knew it, he had released a deep breath and risen to his feet.
Bit of a short chap. I'll try to post the next one a bit sooner this time.
,” Natasha interrupted. “There’s always a first step, okay? You just got to breathe…” She pulled one of the chairs around to the head of the kitchen island to sit beside Tony. “Now let’s take a look at that list of yours.”
Steve paused, the razor freezing between his fingers, and his eyes flickered to Tony’s reflection in the mirror.
“Come on, Tony,” Carol supplied while putting her head on Tony’s shoulder, pouting at him with big eyes. “My mom and I drove by that place like hundreds of times. I always wanted to know what the heck this even is.”
,” Zemo corrected. “And so will you.” There was a grim sort of satisfaction on Zemo’s face. “An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumples from within…” he looked at Steve, looked at Tony, looked at Bucky, “that’s dead… forever.”
her.”
TStark (chat_server:46953) connected
“Do you have
"No, Bucky. I—" Steve lifted his chin. "I didn’t give him anything. That friend of mine looked out for me and told me his age right away. I wouldn’t…" He crossed his arms and sighed. "Cute kid, but not someone I could ever consider. Even if he weren't underage, he's a student and I'm a staff member. I'd get fired so hard I'd never be able to find another job in this field."
Tony rolled his eyes. He set a target on Sam and followed. “You know,” Tony said conversationally, spiraling in place and landing a kick in the man’s side that sent him flying back to the ground. He caught Peter in his arms and waited till he had swung himself back into the fight. “I don’t understand why you couldn’t just stay out of this. I didn’t go out of my way to piss you off. We—”
A war of emotions surged within Tony, each battling for superiority. His lower regions wanted to press closer and rub against Steve’s dick until he would cave. Logic told him to step back and let Steve go if he wanted to… but outside of his projects, logic wasn’t exactly Tony’s primary driving force. “Steve…” he said, leaning in again.
“Hardy har, Stark,” Clint shot back, rolling his eyes.
“It’s not about solidarity,” he whispered. “Or guilt, or regret.
“I was afraid of what would happen if I’d change anything…” Tony said quietly.
“You’re beautiful,” he told him, following the eager bob of Tony’s erect cock as he settled down.
“What is it?” Steve asked, frowning as he followed Tony’s movements with his eyes.
Tony hummed, frowning. “Not right away. JARVIS is still running the tracer. The location Fury gave us is correct but there’s something I can’t get a finger on from here…”
Tony asked Natasha to politely inform Steve of their plan. He hadn’t seen him in person ever since their first meeting—he wasn’t strictly avoiding him, he just didn’t like the idea of spending too much time with this future version of Steve. A Steve Rogers who knew so much more about all of them—more about
Obadiah cast him a predatory look. “January, three years ago.”
When Steve merely grunted something unintelligible, his eyes firmly trained on today’s newspaper, Tony and Vision exchanged looks. “Babe?” Tony prompted.
Steve flushed again. He leaned in just the tiny bit further, breathing in Tony’s skin, the warmth of his throat, and—on a second thought—pressed the most innocent kiss against his pulse point.
going to struggle;
“Why do you believe anything about us could ever be good?” he asked without looking at Steve. “I mean… I’ve met your future version and I know he believed in it. But I don’t… I don’t know how you and I can be together and not hurt each other.”
“I know,” Tony returned and glanced at Steve, a shadow cast over his outwardly amused expression. “I’m a real comedian.”
She shook her head. “I’m sorry.”
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
he thought briefly, closing his eyes as tears began to fall.
[('127.0.0.1': 46955)] new client 1
Tony pursed his lips. It already stung pretty bad when Steve had done it, but he wasn’t about to tell Barnes that.
The creature they were fighting looked, for lack of a better description, like a huge predator plant that had both teeth and a trap, and
“Is there…” Steve started before his voice could betray him. “Is there something I can do to help him? With his company?”
The waves were still crashing against the shore. And somewhere, Indries’ boat was being lifted to the surface and there was a body inside it.
Vision’s mouth twitched with another smile as he stepped closer, motioning them to the wall. “I suggest you step into the armor, and Captain, you should be using your shield, just in case.” He turned around, glancing at the ceiling just as a first
Together, they made their way through the various corridors. Outside of the ceiling-high windows, the afternoon was getting darker and darker, the sky over the jungle taking on that greenly-grey color of boiled beans. Inside, the fluorescent lights asserted themselves to give him the beginning of a headache. The whole complex of T’Challa’s palace smelled sort of like… wet grass. As if the wild nature outside hadn’t yet accepted the modern building in its middle. As if it was slowly trying to wind its way into the stone, breaking it from within.
“Let’s go through the details tomorrow morning,” Steve suggested between soft nibbles. “Meet up with Maria, and then I’ll join you on the next hearing.”
And now: enjoy!
“So where are you and Steve going tonight?” Rhodey asked.
“Did you hear something?” the man’s voice carried over, louder than before.
this was our only chance at getting prepared for things coming our way…” He heaved a great breath, unsure if he really should be voicing those words, but that was what their argument was all about, right? “And if you want me to be honest with you… No matter what happened with Ultron, that didn’t change. I still think it’s the right thing to do. And if I had the resources, I’d try again right now.”
“It’s beautiful, right?” Steve murmured as his eyes travelled across the many constellations. “You don’t get to see that in the city.”
There were sounds coming from the other room, and as if he’d heard Steve, Iron Man came flying back through the corridor. The two soldiers, but also a third man—a heavily injured, bloodied man with crazed eyes and brown hair—running after him.
There wasn’t exactly much Bucky could say to that. Of course, he did. As much as he had hated the thing once, after Bruce and Tony had freed him of the implants in his head—as much as he couldn’t forget what that arm had done and how much grief it had caused, he also felt lost without it. Incomplete. So he released another sigh, then followed Tony through the corridors and into an elevator.
Tony was good looking, it wasn’t if he’d been blind before, but now it felt like there was a second, foreign pair of eyes looking at Tony. Eyes that didn’t belong to him but to some… skewed, imaginary version of himself. And Steve had no idea what to make of that.
“Steve,” Tony said, and he felt him kneeling down right in front of him. “I’m…
Tracing one hand upward to cup the arc reactor, Steve kissed him again. His movements over him remained unhurried but passionate. His fingers combed through Tony’s hair and scored soft trails down his shoulders. Tony’s body was getting more sensitive with each stroke, still on the good side of overstimulation, and he wanted Steve to take his pleasure. This was for him.
Unaffected by the rebuke, Clint merely shrugged. “It’s a valid question. And it’s not like it’s going to upset him. If he is brain damaged from being frozen and defrozen hundreds of times, he won’t know what I’m talking about anyway. And if he isn’t, then why should he be offended?”
* * *
Steve saw Pietro looking around the Quinjet, his eyes thoughtful as they settled on Sam. Steve hadn’t seen it himself, but Clint had told him how Sam had snatched Pietro off the ground on a last second’s notice. He’d saved his life, who in return had shoved Clint and a little boy out of the way before one of the robots could’ve killed them all.
That was it. End of discussion. Tony shook his head. “No.”
Tony pursed his lips. “I wouldn’t even know where to start.”
Tucking him into bed went easier than expected, but when he was sprawled out all over the mattress, Steve felt himself pause. Tony moved his limbs in languid motions, biting his lips ever so often. The way his hair fell on his forehead made him both look young and very sensual and just…
It was with that conviction that he sat up, ignoring the way Tony almost jumped out of his skin. “Okay,” he whispered.
Steve sensed his discomfort und brushed his nose over Tony’s. “You know I’m gonna be careful, right? I’ll… you’ll have to guide me through it, but I’m not gonna do anything you don’t like.”
The sketches were nothing like Steve’s art, not as rough and emotional, but the accurate, careful lines of Tony’s blueprints had a beauty of their own.
It seemed they were all refraining from going all out, and it had Tony smile.
“Tony,” Bruce warned with an exasperated look.
He held her arms with one hand. If he’d still have his other arm, he would trail it down her stomach and right into her pants.
When everyone had left the workshop to gear up, it was just Tony and Steve. Steve had pulled out one of his uniforms from a sideboard next to Tony’s suits, and was just pulling the top over his bare chest.
It took him a moment to raise his eyes from Ian’s sleeping face. “Can this wait? Haven’t seen the little guy in a while.” A while was just a bit over one day, but he couldn’t care less about his clinginess right now.
future,” Tony said. “One of many. Time travel is all about possibilities and changes.”
“I wouldn’t mind a beer,” Sam decided, from where he was sprawled out on his back, staring at the sky above next to Rhodey and Carol.
Barnes looked at him for another long moment, then, with a heavy breath, he turned around fully. “Look, Stark. I don’t know how to make this any clearer for you. Steve cares about you.
The first thing Steve noticed upon waking up was a deep pounding ache in the crown of his head. He immediately noticed other, more alarming facts about his situation. He had a leg and an arm slung snugly around a very warm, very firm shape of a person, and his other hand was completely numb, serving as a cushion for his head. He was shirtless… and also pressing his hard-on against his captive's backside.
Tony’s own self-imposed distance was broken the second Steve had touched him, and on some level, he had known it couldn’t last. A familiar pain was rising in his chest. He couldn’t let go of this, despite how Steve had hurt him. And Tony wasn’t thrilled by how weak that made him, but for the impossible affection of one man, he would sacrifice anything.
. “I miss being a part of this. I did before, but now that we are… whatever we are… I want to be part of your life, and I… wish I wouldn’t have just thrown in the towel.”
He took his time, soaking up every soft gasp Steve released. The hand around Steve’s cock moved up and down more firmly, trying to take his mind off the weird feeling a bit. He encircled its length, pumping him slowly, while thumbing the slit whenever he reached the top.
Tony slumped against the sink in front of him. Panting. Exhausted. Desperate for rest.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Come on, Nat, you don’t have to be like that.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “We didn’t fight, it’s all good.”
Tony’s eyes raked the length of him and Steve was painfully aware that he still stood here with his cock hanging out of his pants. As if reading Steve’s thoughts, Tony’s eyes flickered to his erection. “But you liked it, didn’t you?”
“You’ll be careful, right?” Tony asked as he handed Steve his pants. “Promise me. I can’t raise that kid without you, I’m gonna spoil him rotten and he’ll become one of those horribly nosy kids everyone hates.”
The world really did end the next day. Or at least Thanos tried to make it happen with everything he had. And what he had was a huge army of alien-soldiers, a bunch of giant alien-ships, a few alien-children with a temper problem and the rest of his crazy Black Order, one fighter deadlier than the other.
Tony nodded, taking a deep breath. “I never thought I was capable of ending a life, I still… a part of me still doesn’t know how it happened. The day was… there was nothing special to it. It was… it was
* * *
Barnes had been unconscious ever since the Iron Legion suit had plucked him out of the air, the stress of the past few days apparently more than his broken brain could handle. And Tony knew the injuries that extended past the physical were going to be even harder to recover from.
“You two are really incorrigible, you know that?” Bucky’s voice was echoed by Natasha’s chuckles. “Can’t you, like, wait until you’re alone?”
“—and your determination. Taking that into consideration, four and a half months is pretty late.”
Tony had been all-out staring at Steve for like ten seconds, too shocked to even cover himself. And Steve… After unsuccessfully trying to understand what was going on here, he’d burst out an incredulous ‘What the fuck are you doing?’, which… yeah. He hadn’t meant for it to sound so harsh, really, he’d just been caught off-guard. He hadn’t known Tony swung that way—at all. Tony had never
There was no answer this time, and Steve figured that clearly wasn’t something Bruce would share with him. After a moment, there was a rustling on the other side of the line, and then there was Nat’s voice.
“I’m just… happy,” he said instead, and that, at least, was the truth. “I haven’t been in a while and I… Sometimes, I wish there could be an invention that bottled up a memory, like scent. And it’d never fade, and it’d never get stale. And then, when one wanted it, the bottle could be uncorked, and it would be like living the moment all over again.”
something that hadn’t been there in his time line and it amused him to no end.
"I'm not
Steve shook his head heatedly. “I want you to trust me that I’ll do everything in my power not to let that happen.”
Steve shifted uncomfortably, and if Tony wouldn’t know the man as thoroughly as he did, he’d say that he was
Steve’s face and front were hidden in the shadow, but the light behind him outlined his form, casting his pale skin and hair in a soft golden halo. “Tony?” he asked. “You awake?”
“So even if this is real…” Steve started weakly, the gears in his mind twisting and turning with realization.
“JARVIS?” Steve frowned, and somehow he felt both affronted and really stupid for not having realized earlier where Tony was going with this. That he hadn’t put two and two together when Tony had been talking about ‘wanting to try again’. “You want to put JARVIS into this thing?”
Steve counted it as a win.
Oh, and he had become the living embodiment of the universe.
And even if there was—wherever Tony went, Stane seemed to follow, whispering in his ear.
Maria came in next, bringing coffee, which was silently accepted. She sat down in a chair next to Natasha, leaning forward, elbows on knees. The coffee cups were lined up on the table and Tony leaned over to grab one of them.
“I’m built for this. I always run warm,” Steve explained. “You’re not. And Rhodes will kill me if you get sick and die.”
“Let go, baby,” Tony murmured softly, clutching Steve as close as he could. “I know you can. I’ve got you.”
Maybe he wanted to leave for good this time.
—he wanted to have that kid with Tony now. He wanted it badly. Being around Clint’s kids might’ve been some kind of eye-opener, but Steve was sure the outcome would’ve been the same, no matter what.
“But soon?”
Well, it was a start.
When Steve moved around the chair, Tony blinked at him warily, his eyes hazed.
“Steve,” Bucky called, his tone soft, and Tony had a feeling he’d come to the same terrible conclusion.
“So Ian…”
Here's the promised Bonus Chapter! There's some non-Stony sexual situations in here (You may all guess which pairing it is), so if you mind that, you might wanna skip this Bonus Chapter, it won't strictly be necessary for the next installment of the verse, but I'd recommend to just skip those passages and read the rest, since there's still some minor plot-development in here.
Or maybe Tony was just seeing things.
It was true. It had been a close call, in more than one way.
Well, good for him, Tony thought and he hated himself a little for that surge of envy rising inside of him. Just because he and Pepper had never managed to make their relationship last, he shouldn’t be petty now. Because… despite everything, Steve deserved to be happy.
Steve released a long, trembling sigh against his throat, his hips finally moving in time with Tony’s. He made no effort to claim control again, and the notion had Tony smile.
Steve turned in his arms. “Isn’t it too late already?”
Steve smiled at him. “Hate to break it to you, but you’ve never been easy to deal with.” He leaned in, and kissed Tony gently. “
“What choice do we have?” Wanda asked, looking shell-shocked even as she tightened the guard railing’s hold further and further. Ultron was trashing, his eyes black once more, but from one moment to the other, it seemed as though an electroshock had burst through his innards. Ultron slumped against his prison, a strained sound reaching the air.
He turned around again then, looking at Steve while pressing his back against the railing. Steve’s blue eyes were full of emotion, and Tony’s own widened a little when he saw Steve stepping closer. “With the Accords,” Tony went on. “I’d like to think I’ve done everything I could to get through the whole deal—with you,
The frown increased. “Yes, I… Sorry, I don’t see how that’s relevant either.”
“Any luck over there?” Tony ground out in Bruce’s direction, despair mingling with reason. “Painkillers? Or alcohol, how about alcohol.”
Tony nodded. “If I can, I will.”
Steve thought as he approached the lab door. It'd been some time since he'd last seen Tony, drunk and ready to get to work in here, and tucked him in bed instead. He'd kept his distance after, mainly because he thought that might help put a stop to the pointless flirting and the…
"I wouldn't be, uh… opposed to that."
It was hard being apart from him, much more than Steve thought it would be. And it had only been a week.
Steve cast him a firm, disapproving look that instantly vanished when he took the phone from Sam. The choked noise that left his lips went mercifully uncommented. They looked so…
“Yeah, I figured,” Tony said and wet his lips. “What brought this on?”
That was all he said. Silence stretched between them.
“We were just lost,” Steve whispered, because it was true. Both of them had been lost, lonely, searching. Enemies, friends, then enemies again—and yet always feeling the pull. Inevitably drawn to each other.
“And even that didn’t help you,” Tony teased. “Maybe it
Twists and coils of wires hung from the low ceiling of the dark room, their ends feeding into strange machinery he didn’t recognize. Here and there he spied a familiar piece of technology. And there, built into the wall, was a mosaic of screens. Though they were blank, every movement the people around him made sent a slice of light across their dark surfaces, as though the room was watching them.
him, somehow—, and that was just… A bad attitude towards someone he was supposed to be keeping at an arm's length. And how exactly was he going to talk to Bucky when all his mind could do was think about that damned bratty smirk and the infuriating guy attached to it?
A small statement. Four little words. Nothing specific, and yet they all knew exactly what he was talking about. Steve wasn’t aware that he had been staring at Natasha until she shifted uncomfortably and averted her eyes with a note of the same.
A half-smile cracked across Tony’s face. “Thanks. I’ll do that.”
“He wanted to die so many times, because he knew something you didn’t: When you gotta go, you gotta go, Rogers…”
“I’m not shutting you out,” he replied. “This is—what do you want me to say?”
—on a flying airship of all places.
Steve’s heart thundered and he swallowed. “I’m sure it will,” he said, trying to sound confident.
Steve hugged him back. “You know I am,” he agreed. “Watch this.” He reached for the baby’s left hand and gently stroked its palm with one finger. The boy’s little fist uncurled and he instinctively wrapped his own fingers around his father’s.
Steve turned to smile at him from where he was surveying the book series about Graham Mansion. “What,” he teased. “Don’t tell me you’re a nonbeliever.”
Tony knew that the first month of any new adjustment was supposed to be the hardest, and in many aspects, it had been.
there. It wasn’t the time to tell you, simple as that.” He paused and then continued in a kinder tone. “You don’t know what they did to him. You haven’t seen the pictures we’ve seen. For decades, he killed in the most heinous manners possible. What does that tell you about his capacity for good?”
“There’s every chance we’re not going to beat him,” Tony said without looking up. “If Ultron is really building a body… He’ll be more powerful than any of us.”
“And once more, you’re wrong,” Strange said as he walked over to them. His ridiculous red cloak was fluttering in the light breeze as he stepped up next to them. “It’ll become a place of remembrance.”
“Please, I’m always charming. But you… you’re a lot less self-righteous.”
“Getting there.” Tony upended the bottle, took another huge swig, leaned back against the chair and started to sing again. “
Tony ground out, and speaking was already much more difficult than he wanted. He could feel Ultron’s glee resonating through his code lines, and had to fight a sudden nausea.
"Thanks for waking me..." he whispered, swallowing at the dull memory of the dream.
.” Tony moaned. “Love your mouth. Love you. You’re perfect, so perfect, God…”
“And?”
“You hired her?” Agent Romanoff asked Stane, raising a brow as she leaned forward. “When was that?”
“Sorry, it’s…”
“This might get a bit more than unexpected,” Steve protested quietly. The Mind Gem clearly was the uncontrollable factor here, and yet… he realized that if someone had to bear it, he wanted it to be JARVIS.
“What the
“Yes,” Natasha said with audible sympathy. “And you are faring far better than he was, if that’s any consolation.”
Tony was so lost in his thoughts, which were slowly accompanied by a pre-hangover headache, it took him a full minute to realize that someone was in the living room with him.
And if it didn’t, well… he still had a new project he needed to start working on.
“What do you want?”
JARVIS hesitated a tad too long, obviously torn between being honest to Steve and acting in Tony’s best interest. Tony and Steve were putting him in that conflicting situation every other day, and while Steve was sure that JARVIS liked him in every way an AI could, he usually sided with Tony.
“Tony,” Steve repeated—he breathed the word, and he didn’t know what he pleaded for exactly, but plead he did.
Sam gave Bucky a thin, humorless smile. “He’s good with planning.”
Steve sighed. “It’s just… I haven’t gotten used to it, yet. But I will. At some point.”
He didn’t try again to actually touch Steve there. He was obviously a bit uncomfortable right now, so Tony only brushed his palm across Steve’s ass cheek soothingly. "So… were you really gonna let me have my way with you in the shower for your first time?"
“Steve,” Tony chuckled, but he only shook his head.
Overall, people were now seated on the ground, on the streets, and the fields around them. Thousands of cameras were headed straight towards the sky all set to capture history.
“Don’t,” Tony said.
Beneath the table, Steve’s hand seized Tony’s and squeezed hard.
“As far as I know the last pair is at Fort Meade,” Sam answered, then cleared his throat. “Behind three guarded gates and a 12-inch steel wall.”
He saw Steve’s cold eyes night after night, replaying those horrible moments in a cruel slow motion display. Pointing out his faults. Mulling over what he should have done. Playing a fantasy of what-ifs over and over. Stopping it before it was too late.
Silently, Steve had acknowledged that Tony would have to go to Oslo all by himself, while he and the others were heading towards Seoul to check on Helen Cho, and no matter what was going on between them right now, he hated the fact that they’d have to go separate ways. In dire times like these, he didn’t handle it well whenever Tony wasn’t at his side.
Steve’s frowned, too irritated now to let this go any further. Beneath his crass demeanour, Tony had always seemed strangely fragile, as if he was only protecting himself with his flashy attitude, and Steve had always had a hard time taking his words serious. Now, though, he sounded as if his words came directly from his heart. So Steve’s hands settled on Tony’s shoulders and he shoved him back a bit. “What are you
A whirring sound distracted Steve just as he was ready to press his pencil to the surface again. He turned around and looked at the door to the workshop. The handle jumped a few times before opening. By then, Steve was already on his feet, ready to take on whoever it was, but was shocked to stillness when he saw the robotic arm Tony had built rolling into the room like he owned the place.
Steve hated hospitals with a passion.
. And I saw you wearing it today when we left. Your hair’s different, your gear isn’t updated and your uniform: It
With a sigh, Tony picked the phone up again, and stared down at it.
“Happy Birthday, darling boy,” he said, kissing the baby’s cheeks.
He stared down at his hands and the fingertips of his metal hand were red. Realization came quickly. He had hurt her in his sleep. And suddenly, he couldn’t breathe.
That had Steve smile as he took a bite of the scrambled eggs. Maybe these people weren’t so bad.
“He’s tougher than he looks,” Steve said. “Did someone see you when you came here?”
Steve looked over his shoulder, his face blank. It made Tony’s smile falter; it made his eyes cloud. He bit his lower lip. “Don’t feel guilty because you live.”
“We need to fix this,” Strange tried again. “And we need to do it now. Go back to the beginning and work from there. That’s why I brought you here.”
“One of these days,” Clint replied on a pained grin.
. To hurt Steve maybe, or to get some closure.
to care.
. That’s good. I always thought if you two can get your act together, maybe we all can.”
Another silence fell, and Steve pressed his eyes closed, not knowing what to do or say anymore.
. Nearing his fifties, Tony was apparently becoming the kind of guy who needed to put a name on something or else he’d go insane.
At some point they’d be saved—or they had to make a life for them here. The cycle would continue whether or not he was paying attention, and he liked to think that it wasn’t better to know just how many days they’ve spent under this otherworldly sun.
“It’s not that—”
Steve shot straight up in bed, staring at Tony, wild-eyed. “What? What’s wrong?” he asked, blinking at Tony as though he wasn’t quite sure who he was.
Steve almost spoke upto tell Tony that he didn’t need to do anything he felt uncomfortable with, but then again… he
“I begin to see where you and Steve would’ve been besties,” he mumbled, before standing up and walking to the window front of Barnes’ cell. “Look, if you sign this, you’re an official member of the Avengers Initiative and whatever the US decides to accuse you with, I’ll be able to answer for you. I can use my lawyers to present your cause, and the other Avengers can testify for you.” He put the stack of papers in the pass-through, pushing it forward. “Just think of it as an insurance. It doesn’t have to be more than that.”
And Tony? He couldn’t do anything but watch him. He had to make sure Steve kept breathing. He had to make sure he wouldn’t dissolve into dust right in front of his eyes. That was all that mattered.
“Fuck you,” Tony hissed and balled his fingers into a fist when Strange chuckled.
“Tony,” Bruce ventured cautiously, as the Iron Man suit bled all over Tony’s body. It hadn’t even been a conscious decision. And yet, within seconds, it had encased him in metal. It cut into the splints around his torso, rendering them useless. A dull pain rolled across his abdomen, but Tony didn’t even flinch.
An hour later, Tony was twirling a glass of Gin between his fingers. He wasn’t as drunk as he’d like to be, but Rhodey was having a great time, moving around on the dancefloor with some cute girl, so Tony wouldn’t be the party pooper and tell him he’d prefer to sit at home and sulk, after all.
“I love you, baby,” Tony whispered. “Sorry your papa can’t be here tonight, I’m sure he’s thinking about you a lot.”
“Business thing,” he said, and made to stand up again. He walked over to their dressing room and dug around in Ian’s drawer for a clean nightgown. He turned around holding up two different pairs of cartoon themed rompers—each one a gift from Clint—displaying them for his little one’s choice. “So buddy, Captain America or… I don’t even know what this one is.”
Suddenly, Steve stepped into the room. His bruises had faded by now, and still… he looked dead-tired, like he hadn’t slept ever since he’d returned from hospital. And seeing how he was sort of sleeping on the cot in front of Bucky's room these days, that was likely true. His spirits were clearly up, though, and his eyes flashing. “This place is my home, Maria,” he snapped. “
“Uh-uh,” Steve mumbled, but there was still an amused smile on his face he couldn’t hide. He helped Tony to his feet, and produced a pack of tissues from god-knows-where. They cleaned up as best as they could with the barn’s rusty water supply, and as soon as they’d both had their pants back on, Steve drew Tony in again.
—do shit about any of this.
Ah, Steve nodded, then nodded some more. He didn’t feel too good about sending his team into situation they might not be ready for yet—after just fighting Thanos, but if there truly was no other choice…
“It was amazing,” Steve conceded, because it had been. So much, in fact, that Steve was sure he’d never feel something even close to this, should Tony ever leave him.
“That we’d do this. In a real bed together. In a real world.”
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954] ^CTraceback: new clients
Stepping up next to him and grabbing for his toothbrush, Tony was struck with some weird feeling of domesticity. “So, eighteen,” he mumbled with a casual tone even as he jammed the toothbrush into his mouth. “We’re officially legal and boring now…” It was meant as a prompt, really, but Steve only hummed in agreement and turned his eyes back on the work at hand, letting the razor slide along his chin.
And with every breath Steve took now, Tony dreaded losing it all the more. It was there, an impossible yearning gnawing his insides away.
“I’ve been looking for you,” he murmured, pressing a kiss into Tony’s nape.
Next to him, Sam huffed in amusement. “Does he write these things down first, or is it just off the top of his head?”
“Tony…” Steve warned, but it was without any heat. Ever since their first encounter a couple of weeks ago, he kept thinking about their kiss. And no matter what Tony was ranting about, Steve knew perfectly well that all of this wasn’t real—not when he was truly lying on some hard cot on the front lines of a horrible war.
pressed against each other, with Steve brushing his fingers over Tony’s arms, and his back, tracing his muscles, and…
, he scoffed. “So that’s what it takes, huh?”
“What’s over?” Steve asked. “Because Indries was sailing with someone?” he asked and suddenly, he realized what this could mean. Why would Indries sail with someone no one had known about? They clearly all had thought she’d been alone on that boat—Had… had Indries cheated on Tony?
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Tent. You know, I’ve sort of come to love camping.”
“It’s possible.”
“Are you even listening?” Tony said on a snort, which promptly turned into a low groan as Steve’s hand started to stroke his flaccid dick in even motions.
Steve reached for Tony’s thighs again, drawing them apart a bit further. He pulled back, then thrust into him again experimentally. Tony pushed back, gasping. They traded another look, and after a few shallow thrusts, it seemed they came to a silent understanding. Tony shifted and suddenly, it was a whole new angle, deeper and oh
“Maria!” Coulson’s voice broke out above the din, unusually harsh and authoritative. Immediately, Maria fell silent, and Coulson went on more quietly, “Now is not the time for this. Sergeant Barnes is obviously not stable… and who knows what he’s had to endure for the past several decades. The tower’s safety standards may not meet SHIELD’s expectations, but—”
Pulling back a little, Steve stared at his friend closely. Then, he nodded his head. "Alright," he said. "Anything you need, I've got your back."
It would be all right, though. Well—it would probably hurt like a bitch, Thanos had proven as much when he’d stabbed him, but it would be all right in the end. He’d always known he would go down fighting at some point. His nature didn’t allow anything else.
Tony kept wiggling next to him. They were both sitting in the shelter, watching the few drops of rain falling to the ground, and Tony was constantly shifting. Craning his back, he tried to reach behind himself, scratching his lower back, though that obviously didn’t do him any good.
The robot inside the cockpit made a grab for Steve as soon as he had smashed the driver’s window, but was repelled momentarily by another shot from Bucky’s gun. Steve grabbed the robot by the helmet and threw it through the air, and—accidentally—right into Bucky, who had landed on the SUV as well.
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!” Tony called after them.
He still
Steve glanced upward, tormented eyes glimmering with a few beads of hidden amusement. “Haven’t you ever heard of respecting your elders?”
something—somehow; help in a way that went beyond forcing Tony and Bruce to eat and drink something on a regular basis. Sure, Steve knew that he was in way over his head with all of this, that the science of what HYDRA had done to Bucky’s brain was beyond him. Yet sitting here was literally maddening. He could no longer block the sounds of the damn clock from his consciousness, and soon, he would go out of his mind completely.
He heard her let out a short breath, whether in acknowledgment or exasperation he couldn’t tell. “Hang on,” she finally answered.
Tony chuckled. “Still not sure I haven’t.”
“Yeah, and you’re bleeding,” Steve shot back. “Out of the
“Of course, Sir,” FRIDAY replied dutifully.
“Do you think,” Stane continued wistfully, turning back to Steve, “that the dead come back and watch the living? Do you think Indries watches when you’re in bed with Tony?”
Steve remembered Tony’s breathy moans, and the way he’d pulled Steve tightly to his body, groaning his name as he’d spilled deep inside him.
“Right,” Steve rasped, once more fully aware of how small this room was. He guessed it was what he should’ve expected. There
“Almost,” Rhodey confirmed. “Around 90%. You can see the shadow moving across the ground once we’ve almost reached totality.”
With a deep breath, Steve withdrew from Tony’s heat and sank inside again. And watching his face contort in pleasure was something Steve vowed to never take for granted. This, Tony letting him inside like this, was everything.
Tony tried hard to ignore how those words affected him. He didn’t want to give Steve that. Didn’t want to believe anything he was saying. The moments they’d had—the ones when Steve stood a little too near, or their hands lingering on shoulders just a fraction too long; the ones with longing looks and contemplative stares—they were gone.
Steve smiled at him. He cupped his hand beneath his chin and made Tony look at him. “That’s not stupid. I think it’s a lovely wish. And I love you for making it, but… I know in my heart that it’s not necessary. You won’t ever become like Howard, you’re not capable for that, sweetheart. I wish you could stop worrying so much.”
It was all kinds of wonderful. He even beamed at Steve once, before apparently realizing what he was doing, and schooling his expression.
Tony snorted against Steve’s chest, pulling him firmly towards their bedroom. “On the upcoming sex or the marriage?”
Suddenly, Tony really wished Bruce could’ve joined the meeting, but then again… he understood why he wouldn’t meet Ross face to face. It was probably safer for the both of them. Bruce was still closely monitored after Wakanda, and Tony wouldn’t risk him getting in the crossfire.
Tony whirled around the next second. “Yes you can,” he protested. “Of course you can.”
“I know,” Steve said, chuckling when Ian gurgled happily. “Feel the same way when it’s you.”
The only constant, it seemed, was DUM-E.
Tony’s legs encircled Steve’s hips, not surpassing the opportunity to tease his clothed backside with his free hand. Steve chuckled into his skin and squeezed his ass in retaliation, inspiring a careless smirk on Tony’s lips as his touch moved to the persistent hardness that remained frantically in need for attention. At Steve’s answering grip, Tony released a long moan and thrust eagerly into his touch, murmuring his name as though he was a god misplaced among the heavens.
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
Not when Steve would never want to see him again.
Peggy smirked, and it made her look so young for a moment it hurt. “Sorry, Steve,” she replied, “you got about a century on him. Besides,” she leaned back and held the photograph up, looking at it with a soft expression. “Once you change someone’s diapers, he’ll always be the little one for you.”
Even though Steve had
“A pleasure,” Stane said, twirling his cane again. Then, to Tony, “There are a few contracts you’ll have to sign. I prepared an abridgment you can read in your office. I’ll handle the details.”
Steve reached for his chin, feeling the light stubble beneath his fingertips. “I do. Just takes longer.”
“This isn’t real,” Steve reminded him, but his brows were furrowed. “Right?”
“Thought they’d take longer,” Natasha muttered.
A noise, which Steve could easily identify as the Extremis-version of Tony’s laugh by now.
“I know, you cheeseball.” Tony’s eyes locked on Steve’s for a moment, then he gave him a meaningful smile. He stood up and held out his hand to him, swaying slightly to the beat of the song.
Tony smiled, and nodded. “I could thank you just as much. But… you’re welcome.”
"Good to know," he said, lifting his own fork and pointing at Tony's plate with it. "Now finish breakfast." He smiled. "I got plans for us after this."
“Papa missed you so much, baby,” Steve murmured, his hand cradling Ian’s head as he swayed him around.
With that, he stood up and walked back to the workdesk. Stretching his back, then his arms, he sat back down. Bruce was right, there was no sense in looking at Nat’s and Clint’s data any longer. He glanced over to the bulb, which was safely stored away in a contamination dome. It was still in fairly good shape, though the leaves’ edges were starting to wither. Maybe if they understood its cell structure, they’d get a hint on how to stop those hallucinations from driving his teammates insane.
Something plummeted in Bucky’s gut. He didn’t know what to say.
“Okay, well…” Carol nodded diplomatically. “I’ll go.”
Steve stared at Tony, taken aback by those strong words. They’d been tiptoeing around the issue for months, long before Ian’s birth. They had meetings with new institutions like the ATCU, meeting Phil and his agents, debating on how they were going to handle new task forces like the Watchdogs that had decided to keep the enhanced humans in check, no matter the costs.
He wasn’t fool enough to believe everything would be alright so soon. Not twenty-four hours had passed since he’d felt the walls of his own world caving in. He still had to wade through the aftermath. And even then he wasn’t sure how much hope to assign to the future. He knew this was his second chance—or figured as much, anyway—but even in the darkest chamber of his heart, he’d never imagined an explosion anywhere near that magnitude. He’d never anticipated being so thoroughly gutted.
Tony glared at him. “No. Not counting last night.”
“Hey!” Bucky called, now reaching over as well. Ian squealed at the attention, and Steve’s heart did a little jump when he reached for one of Bucky’s metal fingers without an ounce of fear. “That’s right. Who’s your favorite uncle?” Bucky cooed.
“Yeah, you can do
Despite what most of America believed, Steve had never been a great believer in God. He liked the idea of some sort of justice that was beyond humanity’s reach, but he’d never quite believed in a higher force or an all-knowing being. Truth be told, he hadn’t believed in much of anything since his mother had developed her first cough, and as a teenager he’d publicly denounced religion and God in the middle of class.
“I don’t understand—”
Hot breaths rocked against Tony’s mouth, and yeah, he was rock-hard in seconds, as he finally—
“Stark?” he asked. “As in Howard Stark?”
Tony’s body responded to his movements, but he still shook his head. “No,” he managed to say. “But… feel free to keep on… prying.”
He wasn't worried about admitting he loved Tony, but he felt a little like pulling him by the nose about it. And besides, it'd been pretty obvious for some time now. The admission only made it sweeter.
This one wasn’t, but it had still given him so much. There was warmth across the icy plains of his heart and though a part of him withered at awakening in an empty bed, the larger part of him was rejuvenated.
“What happened while I was out?” Tony asked, as he sat up with only the slightest wince. “You already talked to Fury?”
Steve bit his lower lip. Tony's seduction tactic was so easy to roll with. He tried taking that extra step closer again, counting on Tony's words to mean that it was okay. The light touches were making his heart rate skyrocket, but that was okay, too. It was an excitement he couldn't remember ever experiencing before, and he welcomed it.
“I’ve been trying to set you up with someone for
“I see,” Tony said. When Steve’s gaze snapped back to him, he wasn’t looking at him anymore, but instead to the window.
Steve nodded, smiling, feeling lighter already.
Even the small part of him that still had trouble with the concept of liking a guy like that, had to admit that it was different because it was Tony. Liking Tony wasn’t a difficult concept at all—just, combine that with this whole supernova of realization that had imploded over his reality, and Steve was Freaking. The. Hell. Out.
Because that would’ve made it all a lot more tragic, right? That he hadn’t been able to tell Steve about his feelings, but instead chose to fight him. What kind of person would that make him?
Steve was too preoccupied with his own thoughts that it came as a big surprise when there were actually footsteps. It was even more a surprise when a very inebriated Tony stumbled around the corner. The scent of alcohol hit Steve six ways from Saturday, but was no match for the bewildered, glossy look behind Tony’s eyes and the predatorily silly smile upon his lips as he saw Steve standing there.
“Because I can’t,” Tony replied with a clenched jaw. “Every time I try, my stomach turns.”
The moment disappeared on the next beat, and left only angered lust in its wake. Tony grunted, biting at Steve’s lips before freeing his cock with clever fingers.
When Steve looked at him, he was surprised to find Bucky smiling, like someone with a secret, or like someone who was doing better dealing with his own disability that the people around him were.
, he’d completely forgotten that he was still holding the soldering iron.
Next to him, Wanda set into motion, rushing in the direction of the elevator. She even shrugged off Pietro’s hand as she went. Her legs were so wobbly she staggered to the side even before she had fully straightened her back, but she managed not to fall.
Tony, however, was regarding him with pure disbelief in his eyes. “You can’t mean that. Not really. And I couldn’t bear if—”
What did he expect, anyway? Tony
Tony blinked twice at the name before allowing a small smile to cross his lips. A hand found Steve’s face, and Tony pulled him closer, pressing a soft kiss against his lips. “Sorry.”
The startled humor behind Tony’s snicker rivaled the irritation brewing inside of him, but he fell to sarcasm rather than anger. It was his thing.
Those red, fiery eyes, like flames flickering in an otherworldly darkness. And Tony’s skin—scarred, red, burning.
Tony hummed to show he’d heard. They’d been sitting here for about an hour already, just biding their time until they could move through the castle unnoticed. They‘d split up into groups of twos and threes, and Tony hadn‘t been too surprised anymore when Steve had decided to come with him.
“A problem shared is a problem halved,” Clint drawled, then he and Sam moved for the exit. Clint only glanced back at them once, yelling over his shoulders, “Get Tony upstairs, Cap, would you? We gotta be moving soon, and the others are waiting for instructions.”
The words echoed in Steve’s mind, making him dizzy despite the fact that he was sitting.
It was still dark outside when Tony woke up, and he had a hard time remembering why he, a forty-six year old man, had deemed it a good idea to lie down on a goddamn hardwood floor. His back hurt, his neck was stiff, and there was a weight on his waist and another across his legs. Then he remembered. He was lying in one of the guest rooms in Clint’s farm, and he’d had his reasons for not using the bed. Reasons that… hadn’t been reasons at all, seeing as how Steve had apparently joined him on the floor last night, instead of using the actual sleeping surface.
don’t do it. Don’t step into that plane, don’t—”
Steve stopped, turned around. “Yeah?”
Was he
evening. We watch tv series
Tony heaved a great breath, walking to the balcony’s balustrade. He leaned onto it, staring down towards the ground.
this. His muscles kept contracting around Steve to make it as good as possible, as he kept rising and sinking down again. “Just a little more,” he whispered. “You can do it.”
, you alright?”
“Yes, all of us,” Steve confirmed. “They do get along well. And they make a great team. I mean … we do. Or will do. Hopefully.”
Tony, as well—was feeling for him like that.
“I just want you to know that I think it was worth it,” Tony murmured against his lips. “Coming back here… no matter how this turns out, with the bill, or with Thanos. It was worth all of it. Got no regrets.” He bit his lip, then laughed, a sort of wheezing sound, and shook his head. “Well, we both know that’s a lie. I got about a million regrets. And a lot of ‘em involve you… the way I handled things with you back in my time.” He raised his eyes to Steve’s. “But I’ll never regret giving you and me another chance.”
Tony kept…
"I know. I'll tell him. Now
Steve held his breath. One of Tony’s knees had found its way between his thighs and his cock was rubbing intimately against Steve’s clothes. His brown eyes were wide with something between anger and lust.
“Thank you for getting between me and that rock.”
“Yeah. He died in my arms.”
If it only were so simple. “Don’t wanna. Wanna stay.”
“They’re gorgeous,” Steve countered, and pointedly let his fingers drift along the feathers.
“A what?”
“I confuse you? How so?” He kept the tone of his voice casual, too afraid that goading Tony into an explanation would scare him away.
He was wearing jeans and a band shirt, no shoes, no socks, and there were oil stains on his arms. Consequently, he’d probably been working in his workshop.
“Fair enough,” Bucky agreed, jumping to his feet. “The pool table it is. I’ll help you carry it upstairs.”
“What happened—why did you… why did you do it? Why marry her if you hated her so much?”
Tony felt like he’d run a good hundred miles, if the way his heart was hammering inside his chest was any indication.
The blur of motion returned. Running, hard and fast, its movements erratic. The guy was doing his best to lose him, by darting away over the roofs, and Steve was still yards behind him.
Tony’s eyes flickered sideways, and Steve could see the gears in his head spinning. “What are the odds,” he eventually agreed.
Steve wanted to begrudge the way Tony was fussing. He didn't want to want this kind of reverent treatment. A first time wasn't that big of a deal for him. He had new experiences every day and he never fussed over it. Fact was, that despite Steve's perception of himself, this
good at handling… emotional stuff, feelings and shit. I mean, did you
Tony stared at him, his big brown eyes vulnerable. “I just wanna spare us both the disappointment.”
Steve nodded his head the first statement, and waited for Tony to do something, or say something. It felt a little like a stalemate, a waiting game, but luckily it was Tony who broke it. Steve went to the couch and sat down, relieved to not be directly questioned about his own visions, yet.
True, Steve had never actively given his sexuality much of a thought. That might’ve been a bit naïve, but he just… he’d had two girlfriends in high school, and he’d genuinely loved both Peggy and Sharon. That should make things clear enough, right?!
God, he was messed up.
“I bet you are. Haven’t got too much longer.”
seventeen. There was only so much his libido could take.
"Can't wait to hear it," he answered shortly, his hands massaging Tony's ass deliberately. A blowjob sounded like an excellent idea right now, even though they were at Tony's workshop, a halfway public space—Steve didn't care.
Instead, he lay down on the floor as well, settling in right behind Tony. He couldn’t pretend he didn’t want to drape his whole self around him, and he wouldn’t. Pressing a kiss onto Tony’s neck, Steve wrapped his arms around him tightly. Gently, he picked up one of Tony’s hands, and lightly kissed each knuckle before placing both of their hands, palm down, onto the arc reactor.
* * *
The softness in Steve’s voice surprised Tony, and he flashed him a smile over his shoulder. This was perhaps the most civil conversation they’d ever had, and it felt as if that thick fog of animosity that had been clouding each of their interactions after their initial meeting had finally lifted.
“You alright?” he asked quietly.
Just another project. He could do that.
A laugh ripped through the silence, and it took a while for Steve to realize that the hysterical giggles were coming from him.
“On our way to Swiss, actually,” Steve corrected, and frowned. “But yes. Why does it matter? I know the situation looks grim, but once the war is over—”
"No ridiculousness, got it," Tony said, frowning a bit, before looking away. He couldn’t quite keep the somber tone out of his voice. He’d tried changing for Pepper, and while he knew he was sometimes leaving the path of common sense and just going for what felt right… he didn’t know if he could do that again.
Steve knew he’d probably given Tony a few slightly-too-long glances yesterday, and his behavior hadn’t been all that platonic-friendly, but yesterday, that hadn’t meant anything. Steve could have made a joke about it and everything would’ve been clear. Now, it
With that, Rhodey slumped down on the bar stool, and grabbed for the nearly empty Gin glass in front of Tony, swallowing the rest in one go. “Best friend here,” he declared and put the empty glass down. “I’ve known you for over three years now, Tones, and you’ve always bounced back whenever someone turned you down. And now you’re sulking.”
Well, it didn’t matter, anyway. He preferred things as they were, with Tony being none the wiser. If they actually talked about it, Tony would start asking questions, and Steve really didn't have the patience to deal with Tony's perceptions of him.
“Then don’t let them!”
. Steve wouldn’t force him.
No UN lawyer would ever consider those changes ‘good’, or see why the Avengers needed to have the last word when the world was in danger.
Tony pinched his nose, realizing immediately where all of this was going. “So we have to link all three carriers for this to work. Three carriers, three people to replace the blades.”
Bucky paused, surprised, his eyes wide as he stared at his friend. "What do you mean 'gone'? What did you do?"
He was hard against him, and Steve wanted him desperately.
There was a long moment of quiet, then, “Also, I want an official thank-you-note for not calling you
“Maybe,” Rhodey replied. “But you have qualities that are far more important. You’re kind, honest, sincere. And you care for Tony. That’s worth a lot.”
The beeping was louder now, and they moved in, briefly, their foreheads touching, before Steve stepped back, bringing a respectable distance between them.
Tony gave the tree in front of them a speculative glance, then handed Steve the rope they’d found in the tower’s ruins. Steve covered himself with it, then started climbing. Even though the tree was very high, and only had few branches, it wasn’t hard, since Steve had always been sure of foot, even as a sickly kid.
“I’m sorry,” he rasped, and made to let go of Tony’s arms.
That wasn’t a ‘No’ Tony figured and leaned back with a sigh. If it wasn’t flashbacks from his past, not memories of what he lost in all those years in the ice, then it had to be something equally unsettling. But Steve didn’t want to share, and that was fine. They didn’t owe each other anything.
It had taken Tony about three seconds to know Steve was one of the good guys—he was kind, and had this sort of dry humor that Tony really liked. Even Tony’s teasing didn’t seem to put him off so much as it made him flustered and sometimes a little exasperated with him. Mostly, he seemed amused, and maybe even a bit flattered.
“Coffee,” Tony said, as if only now remembering it was an option again.
Steve was staring at his own hands, then at his surroundings, as if only now, he realized how different everything looked. Well… it
“Hey,” Natasha said. Sam only waved.
Unsure, he looked at the tools lying on a table and then back to the man in front of him. “Am I dead?”
“You can’t,” Tony decided on. “Unless you somehow know some secret to charm your way into their withered greedy hearts.”
Humming, Steve smiled privately, then reached down to cover Tony's hand just as it reached his crotch. The warmth of it was already sipping through but Steve had things on his mind that needed to be taken care of, first.
Rhodes snorted. “Are you kidding me?”
“Some might call it obnoxious.”
“Cold pork. Wonder if it’ll taste better if we toast it over the fire.”
“What?” Sam blurted, his eyes big.
known—and simply hadn’t talked to him about it. “I know they’d been your first choice. And, sure, I think they have a point that now isn’t the best time. It sure won’t get any calmer in the next weeks, and we can’t know when things will get back to normal, but…”
“That’s
“It’s fine,” Tony assured him, and it
That… was not what he’d hoped to see upon returning home.
“Sure thing,” Clint said, then sighed as he glanced at Steve. “But what about your family?”
And Steve was so warm all over. So goddamn hot, open and inviting, and the picture he presented right now almost ripped Tony apart with the need to have him all for himself.
“You’re serious?” Natasha asked Strange. “He’s from the future?
A small voice in Steve’s mind, the part of him that still felt far too small for a body this big, was inclined to agree.
“Did someone see you coming here?”
Steve winced. “Sorry.”
“Guys?” a worried voice asked via the comm line, but there was mostly just white static and garbled feedback. “Is—
TS 1:45 P.M.>Yeah?
He was fast asleep.
“Whoa, buddy,” Rhodey said next to him, and there were hands on his shoulders that pushed him upright again,
“You can’t do that!”
like this. So he walked up to him, and he didn’t care if the others watched them. He leaned down, cupped Tony’s cheeks, and kissed him.
Their shared weeks eventually wrangled a confession from Steve’s lips as to the confusing nature of his dreams. He couldn’t keep it to himself any longer, and he didn’t want to talk about it with his psychiatrist. At first, he’d thought Natasha would call him a lunatic and be done with it, but she’d sounded intrigued more than anything. That was probably a bonus of working within an organization that dealt daily with not-so-normal events and people.
“What,” Tony exhaled, his eyes widening. “Steve?”
Steve nodded, more to himself, and let his gaze wander across the landscape. From here, he could even see the lower part of the mansion where he knew the workshop was located—and the adjoining room.
“Steve…” he started, the doubt and disbelief very prominent in his voice. There were
It was too much. Steve’s hands dug into his skin when he felt himself about to tumble over. “Shit, I—”
Tony shrugged again and stood up from the bed, stretching slightly. The way he was presenting himself was obviously intended and Steve did his very best to ignore both of it. The guy was attractive enough without focusing on specific body parts—like his bowed back, or the slim legs, or his… very pert ass.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said. “I should’ve… I should’ve told you. I just… There are things about me you don’t know. And it wouldn’t have been fair to you. I was selfish when I brought you here, but… I don’t deserve you.”
“And you like it?” he asked, glancing back at her. Together, they stepped into the elevator and Pepper pressed the button that’d bring them to Tony’s new workshop.
A long stillness settled between them—Peggy’s eyes now darting from his face to the photograph in his hands. She worried her lower lip between her teeth and made a humming sound.
Gamora had said.
But now, they needed to rest.
“You look troubled,” Mister Stark said, eyeing Steve suspiciously and breaking him out of his reverie.
He really needed a distraction.
The writers duly apologize for the delay.
Right. He’d been stargazing. And at some point, he must’ve fallen asleep.
In that second, he reached behind himself and pulled out one of the data chips, just in time before Bucky grabbed for him and pulled him over the railing.
“All yours,” Tony ground out, his voice beautifully hoarse already. “But I won’t last long if you keep that up.”
“What’s this?” Clint asked plaintively. “No ice cream?”
Steve’s jaw tightened and his body grew tense. He gripped for Ultron’s hands, struggling against the hold. He refused to let Ultron mess with him that easily. “You can try.”
Tony pressed his eyes closed, then giggled. “Bullshit, you’ll manage just fine. Let’s do it together?”
Bucky snorted, using the arm to shove Tony a bit. “Shut up.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “This is a tourist attraction for a reason.”
The second the words were out of Tony’s mouth, he regretted them. He couldn’t take it back now, though. Steve had decided to bring them to this level, and if Tony started to cower, he didn’t know if he could keep it together much longer.
Tony nodded, holding onto Steve tightly, trying to give him some sort of solace. He knew, better than anyone, that nothing could be done to erase whatever memories were haunting Steve. He couldn’t change the past, he couldn’t make him forget, he could only stay at his side until the trembling of his muscles calmed.
Tony looked genuinely surprised. “Do what?”
As soon as they stepped into the ammunition bunker, Tony unerringly turned to a corner that opened to a flight of stairs Steve had never before explored. Granted, he’d never had much time to snoop around this area. The only time he’d had access, he’d been in a hurry to get ready for the final formation of the day.
today, isn’t it?” he whined, the words muffled as he spoke. There really was no way to tell how Obi would react to that particular news. As far as Tony knew, he didn’t even know that Tony was into guys. “Tell me again… why did we think it was a good idea to do this a day after my birthday?” .
Steve released a little relieved breath. “You like it?”
Tony smiled, amused at the man’s self-assurance. “Arrogance. It’s like a disease with you people, isn’t it?” Before Steve or anyone else could move, Tony darted forward, firing beams at him without so much as a warning.
“Yes, I do,” Tony replied. “Ian needs both his parents. And I got to deal with the UN, get that sentence off of their heads, or everything will blow in our faces. Still, someone has to make sure Ian has food, and clothes, and gets his nighttime story, and his afternoon walk and…”
Steve didn’t say. The shock over what had happened yesterday was still plainly visible on his features.
Steve had lain next to him, staring at the ceiling.
“Yes,” Tony whispered. “In the worst possible moment.”
Tony was stunned stupid for a long moment, unsure of anything until hearing Steve’s moan around his tongue. And then all was left to instinct. Tony hugged him close, grinding his palpable erection into his center with all the fervor Steve was still a little hesitant to express.
“You can touch them, you know,” Tony whispered against Steve’s lips, his fingers digging into Steve’s shoulders. “The scars… I saw you looking, and, you can touch if you want to. I don’t mind it… I know it’s not pretty, but it doesn’t hurt me or anything.”
, it was all over his mind, and he couldn’t make sense of it. They were still trying to pinpoint how many people had lost their lives in those last weeks. They would all be granted a hero’s funeral when their bearings had been recovered. And yet… if you asked him, those who had survived almost suffered a worse fate. Having to deal with the fallout, having to bear all those what-ifs, all those nagging questions on where things had gone so horribly wrong.
The words only made him trash harder. He pushed against Steve without reservation as moans of pain tore out of his mouth. He wanted to scream. Long, agonized screams for all the ones he’d killed. Screams for a never-ending assault of darkness where he would never be heard, much less saved. A war raged within him and he didn’t know how long he fought against Steve’s grip.
Tony felt everything. Felt Steve’s blood rushing beneath his skin, the echoes of his heartbeat, and the gentle wisps of his breath. The molten heat of his half-hard center pressed against his hip. He would occasionally shift and murmur something, but he never made a move to leave his arms.
Tony shook his head and reached for him. “Don’t be.”
“Friday?” Steve echoed, then smiled a little as if remembering something. “Right. Of course. I wasn’t thinking, so… Sorry. And thank you.”
“Glad you could make it,” he said.
Now, Tony was lounging in his car seat, a hand wrapped around Steve’s, the other sat lightly on the steering wheel as he glanced at him in question.
“I suppose you've been working for Tony longer than anyone else?” Steve asked, trying to change the subject to something lighter.
“Does he always just… jump into the thick of it?” Sam asked, horrified as Steve punched his way through the masses of HYDRA agents.
Steve had always been convinced that he was the only one paving the way before him. No one else would do it for him, but this thing with Tony… it did feel a lot like destiny.
“Easier than you’d think,” Steve replied. He started unwinding the bandages from his head, rolling them up as he went. “They were dreams. There was no one judging me. With Tony, I could just be… myself.”
Her eyes softened. “Steve—”
“Mmm, yeah?” Steve asked, smiling. “May I have that in writing? I need to tell the others.”
, this was Steve and Tony, and they didn’t do heart to hearts. “I mean, Bruce and I will keep looking, but it’ll probably take a while longer so… Maybe you shouldn’t keep it to yourself. It doesn’t have to be me, obviously…” Tony waved at himself and cast Steve a knowing smile.
Steve turned around, staring to where the Winter Soldier got back on his feet. “I need you to have my back for this,” he told Tony with a firm voice, taking hold of his shield.
Rhodey groaned, throwing both arms in the air. “So, it
I'M SORRY. 3 MORE CHAPS.
They hadn’t left him any memories of his old life. They’d wiped him. Over and over again. Chances were he didn’t even know he’d had a life before this one. He might have pieced it together over time, but there was no way he would have understood it. After everything he’d done—after dying for his country—the world had repaid him by sealing him in an existence where he could not die, in a world of despair and isolation, where he was utterly alone.
Bucky’s arms tightened around her once more, and Nat murmured something unintelligible. Her head was pillowed on his chest, her right arm curved over his, and a calm look of serenity graced her sleeping face. No one had ever made him feel the way Natasha did. The way she looked at him when she thought he wasn’t looking. The way she would brush kisses against his forehead or his hand when he was distressed. The way she shared his pain without losing her fortitude.
* * ?/?/?, ?:?? * *
“Tony, for heaven’s sake, would you stop it?”
Tony ran a hand through his hair. Right. He probably hadn’t been all that subtle. “Listen… Steve. I know things have been weird lately, but I’m really trying to get things right with the team.”
, Steve thought grimly. No matter what—no matter that Steve was standing in the middle of what
a barn. Behind closed doors. Clint knew we were in there, he could have knocked.”
Maria reminded Tony softly. Something in her tone seemed off, Steve thought, like she was trying a little too hard to sound joyful.
Tony bit his lower lip, staring at the van in front of them. “You sure you don’t need Bruce as backup?”
He looked over his shoulder to the nightstand, and got up on his feet when he saw the same tumbler with the same amount of liquid in it. There was visible relief on his face. When he turned around, Steve briefly spotted a few bad cuts and scrapes on Tony’s knuckles.
“Good,” Stark replied with an uncharacteristically gentle tone. He seemed to cross the hallway, the soft sounds of shoes hitting the marble floor echoed through the vast space. While he could still hear them breathing, they were otherwise completely quiet.
Here, have some angst after yesterday's angstfest.
If they both didn’t make it out of here...
Natasha looked at him sympathetically. “I can understand. It must be horrible to be torn away from your team.”
“Marshmallows? It’s… mostly sugar, very unhealthy, will probably keep you up all night. How have you never heard of marshmallows before?”
* * *
“Someone was sailing with her?” Steve heard himself say.
“But I don’t,” Steve yelled as his feet took off after him. “Can’t you see that?”
He couldn’t let that happen.
His tongue flicked over Tony’s lips and he tilted his head and did it again before dipping inside to kiss him properly. They were moaning into one another’s mouths, digging their fingers into each other’s arms, muscles tightening, memorizing every second.
“I’ll get it,” Tony said, jogging up the small stairway before Bruce could disagree. When he opened the door, he paused, his eyebrows shooting upwards almost instantly. That was… not what he had expected. When Bruce had said ‘friend’, Tony instantly thought of someone who was, well, like
Tony’s lips brushed against Steve’s shoulder, bringing him back to the present. “You’re warm,” he murmured. “I’ve been without warmth for so long.”
There was a strangled sound cutting through the silence and only after a moment, Tony realized he was sobbing.
“It’s a little late to be rethinking things, isn’t?” Sam asked.
Tony’s eyes were full of love as he nodded. Those eyes told Steve that he was his, and that he was, in some way, overwhelmed by his own reaction… by the desperate fidgeting of his body he could not control.
Tony would’ve loved to snap at him, tell him that he wasn’t exactly coming up with any helpful ideas himself. But the grown-up part of his brain knew that yelling at Barnes should be the last thing on his priority list.
If Tony’d had
Natasha’s eyes flitted from the front windshield to Steve’s face and then back again. “Going after him is a dead end,” she said, vehemently. “SHIELD’s tried to get a hold on him several times and every mission has been a failure.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. And suddenly, he was in control again. Just like that. No period of adjustment, no collecting himself. In a flash, Steve’s insecurity vanished and he was exactly as Tony knew him, a tower of strength, fortitude pouring off his body in waves.
The devil? That was only a name humanity had given Tony—an explanation for the evil things people were doing to each other. Lucifer had been an easy target… the son God had cast from Heaven, and no one ever questioned the reasons behind that.
“Lover’s quarrel?” she asked slyly.
“Usually my bed partners like that about me,” Tony said as he glanced at Steve. He bent down to reach for a tumbler that stood on the nightstand. Steve wasn’t sure if it had been there before, but then again, it was a dream. “Of course, there’s other things I can do with my mouth.”
That drew a smile on the man’s lips. “I bet you’re handling it well.”
Steve hesitated for a beat, then smiled and motioned for Rhodey to sit down. He hadn’t seen him since their first visit to the mansion. He sometimes visited Tony, but Steve rarely got to see him. Which meant…
“If you keep that up, I’m not gonna make it to the main event, babe,” Tony grunted after a moment, because Steve might be able to go for a second, third, or fourth round, but once was pretty much it for him.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
Sharon bowed her head slightly, acknowledging the compliment.
Steve remembered asking Tony when they’d first met.
“No, but you thought so, and that’s alright. I need to take into consideration that I might be wrong about this, and in this case, I’m gonna do this your way.”
Bruce shifted, taking off his glasses and rubbing a palm over his forehead. “The human brain isn’t capable of suppressing that many emotions, Tony. It would’ve destroyed him. Maybe not in the next few years, maybe not even in a few decades, but they couldn’t have dragged this out forever. This would’ve happened no matter what, and we’re trying to ease him into it.” He smiled grimly and turned to continue. “There might be a lot of terrible things he’ll see, but neither one of us has the right to take them from him. He needs to grieve, he needs to feel guilt, like every human does.”
“Yes. It’s easier with people around you. I never thought… but, yes, it’s easier.”
“Just woke up early and figured I’d make you some. Ian’s milk is already in the microwave.”
him. Knew how good of a man Tony was and of course he wouldn’t use Steve like this. He liked Steve. Even if he didn’t love him like Indries—he cared for him.
“You’ll enjoy yourself,” Rhodey said to Steve, drawing his attention. “Don’t worry.”
Tony frowned at him for a moment, but his eyes were clearly set on Steve and that was… great, really.
Shouldn’t they realize something was off?
want?" he asked, trailing a hand along Tony's stomach, knuckles first but the touch light all the same.
Steve nodded and shifted closer, draping an arm around Tony’s shoulder and drawing him near. Tony raised his head, and met Steve’s lips with a slow, gentle kiss.
A beat. So it really was true. They had found Indries’ lost boat at long last. Steve swallowed hard. “Are you sure?”
is on our side. He’s a good man.”
Steve stared at Bucky in astonishment. “You really said that?”
And a new pair of shoes.
whenever I’m
The corner of Steve’s mouth lifted in a half-smile. “Still beautiful.”
space, the one place where no one gave him the side-eye for being too young—and for being who he was in general.
It was the last part that finally forced him to crack his eyes open to face the offending dim light filtering through his shutters into the room. Clutched in his octopus grip was none other than Tony Stark.
“Not nervous,” Steve denied, then relented. “Okay, a bit nervous.”
All of them were rich—not as rich as Tony—but Steve soon realized this was indeed America’s high society walking in and out of Stark Mansion.
“Oh,” Tony exhaled with a brief widening of his eyes. “I… I’d say you should probably let someone from SHIELD check that before you get too funky, but—”
"You know you're head over heels for me," he said then, close to Tony's ear, before he pulled back to look him in the eye. There was genuine affection in that beautiful face, and Steve was so gone that he couldn't care how obvious he might be about it.
“And if things… would change a little?” he asked, his voice non-committal.
In this position, it was easy for Steve to control the force and depth of his thrusts, and that in itself presented an improvement to last time, which was saying a lot. It was a relief to feel Tony slipping, to know he was going to come. As Tony cried out his release, Steve realized he hadn’t even needed his dick touched, and that realization was more than he could take.
“The coordinates, Steve. Come one.”
It took half a second to sweep the surface clean.
“Are all art profs this built?” Tony asked as he took hold of the table to help lifting it. At some point, Steve had discarded his jacket and Tony very much appreciated the way his arms flexed. “Or are you into sculpturing? I hear the sculpting guys are very good with their hands.”
Tony nodded, though his expression turned a little pensive. “Obi’s not happy about it. He thinks the whole thing is a hoax,” he said. “I hope he’ll come around. Otherwise…” He sighed.
Peggy rolled her eyes at that, and ran a hand through her white hair. “Oh I almost forgot,” she said, and Steve could
easy, probably, but Steve was relieved to know they were being optimistic.
go wrong one of those days.
It was hard to say how much Barnes knew. Steve had always seemed to be the sort of man who kept his emotions close to the heart, but the two clearly had known each other for a while, so Barnes might as well have read the letter himself.
He gave full force on his foot-thrusters, taking Rumlow with him as he flew out of the window. The detonation came not even a few dozen meters above ground, and its destruction reached at least a few of the top stories of the buildings nearby.
a good thing?” Sam asked.
That he might’ve developed a crush that was a tad more serious than his usual infatuations that never lasted longer than one night and a morning.
“Thank you… for this.”
“Aye, aye,” Tony said and shot upwards. Lightening flashed and thunder rolled, and the skies opened. It began to rain at long last.
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
“No,” Tony said, smirking at him. “Why should I? Going easy on you is only half the fun.”
He’d caused far too much damage to be forgiven. He’d hurt Tony so much. The look in his eyes when he’d seen his parents die had haunted Bucky all through the nights to follow.
“Yes.”
So he’d asked T’Challa for two tap-proof phones, and the man had gotten them for him without raising any questions. Steve was almost sure Sam knew what he was doing, but he didn’t say anything.
“That someone else will happen to be Ernesto, our sixty-eight year old gardener.”
How much had changed in those weeks? Steve honestly didn’t know. With SHIELD being declared a terrorist organization, the structures of their allies had to be lying in shambles. There would be the next row of villains in the world, and they were the Avengers, and that made them a beacon for all kinds of new pain and suffering.
Natasha nodded. “Inhumans, yes. They found a bunch of them.”
And at that, Tony felt something inside him breaking.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“I know you like keeping to yourself,” he started, swallowing down all those tons of innuendos forming on his lips. “And that’s fine, really, no judgement, big fan of doing the lonesome brooding. But if you want to, you know… hang out… or talk tactics or whatever it is you mid-twenties do these days, you can just come down to my shop.” He shrugged, and almost immediately felt stupid for even bringing this up. Steve didn’t like him, it had been clear on the Helicarrier, and it was still painfully clear now, a good few months later.
Bruce was still glaring daggers at Tony, and only when art prof asked for directions, he looked away.
His body rubbed sinuously against the length of him, pressing down hard and demanding. Tony moaned and his body arched into him, thighs parting to accommodate him, shifting to grip his waist as his hands raked his back and shoulders and biceps, kneading his flesh.
Across from Tony, Natasha seemed to shake herself out of her own stupor, arching a brow at Sam. “Bakhmala, you mean?” she asked with a low smile. “That’s very impressive for a guy with basically no training.”
The door creaked softly, and a moment later, Steve stepped into the foyer. He didn’t look around at all, only threw his keys on a little side table and set his shield down next to them. His expression was a sharp contrast to the good mood he’d been in when Tony had last seen him at the Triskelion yesterday. Steve had barely been able to keep his hands off Tony, smiling and laughing his way to the supply closet they’d sneaked into,
Bucky moved the arm up and down, then left and right. Making a fist, then releasing a finger one by one. He smiled. How Tony still managed to improve the arm’s movements was beyond him. Every time he thought it worked perfectly now, and every time, he was proven wrong.
a drink. No matter what Steve’s story was.
"Steve…" Natasha said, which prompted him to stagger to his feet and beat a hasty retreat.
“Dance with me?” Steve whispered in his ear.
There was a stunned pause.
“Sirs,” JARVIS chimed in as they made their way through the living room. “May I give my sincerest congratulations?”
“Did you have fun?” Tony asked when they drove back to the tower a good two hours later. Tony sat behind the steering wheel now, because his comment on the way out had led to a fleeting argument and they’d both decided Tony’s antics weren’t worth it to spoil the evening.
He brushed a light kiss over Tony’s lips, trembling at the wealth of emotion that sparked through his skin at the contact. And he wished so much they could just go home now, go back to their imperfect-perfect life, but he also knew he had to make sure his friend was okay.
to check every single room in this basement. And anyway, the suit can withstand a lot of pressure, even if the whole building toppled down on me, I would’ve had about a fifty fifty chance of survival.
“Probably just the stupid robot,” Stane replied, his words now perfectly audible as well. They had to be walking down the hallway. “A waste of good material, but that sentimental fool always lets it roam freely.”
Yeah, he definitely inherited Tony’s ways of charming people.
It was
. So genuinely happy, and so very much in love.
Steve shook his head. “Don’t say that. You’re a good man,” he said, his fingers dancing across Tony’s cheek.
A sigh of contentment escaped Tony’s lips, and Steve pulled back like he’d been burned. As though reacting to his presence entirely, Tony shifted on the blanket, crooned almost kittenishly at the warmth, and murmured, “‘s early?”
TS 6:41 P.M.>I hate this world so much RN
“You can say that once it’s working.”
Tony heaved a deep breath and Steve could hear him taking the phone from his ear.
Steve frowned. Tony
“What,” Tony blurted, utterly confused now. It was clear there had been some kind of misunderstanding, which,
Was Thor actually upset about this mission? Steve decided to ask him about it later, and then returned his attention to his own situation. He glanced to the golden Iron Man helmet and then lowered his head a little. "You got any idea what that stuff was?" Or what that creature was, for that matter.
For the last few weeks, all they’d done, day in, day out, was to set up a bill of their own. Something everyone could live with and something the UN would hopefully accept. It was certainly better to present a solution of their own than being forced to sign something they didn’t believe in.
told Steve, he’d expected… well, not much of anything, really. It was a shot in the dark, and he’d had no idea how Steve would react. He knew people did not give him remotely enough credit for how well he’d adapted to this century and the impact technology now had on the world, but then again… it wasn’t something any person on the planet would get used to easily.
When Steve followed Natasha few minutes later, he took a moment to look around the new common room. It had taken a while to get used to the idea of spending half of their time away from the tower, and to split up their lives between the two places. The facility had been in fairly good shape from the start, albeit a bit dusty, but by now, they’d managed to make the whole place just as homey as the tower was.
Steve swallowed. “You don’t know that.”
“Minutes or hours,” Tony deadpanned.
Clint hummed in agreement, then bit his lower lip. “Look, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about Laura and the kids. I know we promised to be honest with each other.”
Tony said something, and Steve's mind raced to catch up. "Yeah..." he said when he realized what Tony was asking. This was okay. Weird, but not bad. It wasn't good, really, but his nerve endings, confused and stimulated, were tingling with a need for more input.
“Good news is that we found a way to get you back.”
“You have your reasons to be mad at me,” Steve continued after a long beat, leaning back with a heavy sigh. “Not that I didn’t wish you could overcome them, but… you have reasons. I respect them.”
When Steve spoke again, Tony could hear the steady slide of tears in his voice. The same that he covered well but not well enough. “I didn’t want any of this,” he whispered.
Natasha rolled her eyes. Sam snickered.
Hill gasped softly. “But Steve…”
“Whenever you’re ready, Mister Rogers,” Stane said. “We have everything set up for you.”
“So you’re talking with Fury while telling me about the…” He paused and shifted awkwardly. “…crinkles on your pants?”
“Tony abhors socialites,” Rhodey told Steve. “With a passion.”
“Trying?”
Steve smiled, ignoring the condescending look Stane cast him. He stood right next to Tony, as always looming right over him.
Times like these, being Captain America caught up with him. Dwelling on the issues with SHIELD brought back a dull throb behind his eyes. He wasn’t sure why he was so surprised. This was what Fury did, right? Keep information close to the heart. This was what all of SHIELD did… what they had always done, even when Steve had been too ignorant to know it.
There would be a time to stop and mourn the memory of his friends. For now, something greater was driving Tony onward.
"I could come back later…" Steve offered, watching Tony watching him. It felt strange to be here, in this space that seemed to be entirely Tony. He was such an integral part of this place, Steve thought. All of this wouldn't exist without him, would it?
Tony ever had to listen to in his entire life.
.” Steve’s voice was very quiet. He hung his head, his back still turned in their direction. “I’ve been mourning him for so long… I just can’t get it into my head that he’s still here.” He turned around with that, his face more collected—back straightened, voice raised. “I’m not deluding myself when it comes to who he is right now. But I know exactly who he was before. I know the kind of person he still
Steve was freaking out.
As he walked towards the balcony, though, a firm arm suddenly slid around his waist, and Steve smiled as he realized that the night might just be salvaged, after all.
Tony smiled, and he felt so carefree he couldn’t find it in him to despair about this.
Steve huffed. “I remember. Believe me, I remember.”
“Got into a fight with a wall.”
It was a cruel world that awaited him beyond the dream—Steve shivered hard and begged for some strength.
“No way you could just know that,” Natasha said.
his small frame fitting perfectly against Steve's own, so warm and precious. The memory was so sudden, so potent that it had Steve gasping.
Steve bit his lip. “Is that why you reacted the way you did? Because I didn’t make a fuss about it?”
“So…” Tony prompted, glancing up at Vision, even while Ian pushed his hands down all over Tony’s face. “Secretary Ross is coming over.”
of people died.”
“Good evening, Steve,” JARVIS intoned via the speakers. “It is good talking to you again.”
“I’m guessing there hasn’t been any news since ten minutes ago.”
“Oh my God!” Tony laughed, and leaned back in to kiss Steve senseless. “You’re impossible. I love it.”
— Pablo Picasso
“Now you’re messing with me.”
Right. Of course Steve wouldn’t greet him with a ‘Hello, who’s there’, or even just say his name. He’d given Tony the phone, so he knew who the caller was. Kinda made Tony curious what name he’d tagged Tony with in
“Don’t,” Tony said shortly. “Don’t project this on me. For me, you always come first.”
“I know,” Tony said as his breath slowly evened out.
amazing, groundbreaking even, when it came to artificial limbs, but to someone not so well versed in mechanical engineering, it might just be the sketch of a robot arm.
Tony’s eyes twinkled with amusement, but pressed down more firmly all the same. There was absolutely nothing more perfect than this. “You wanna be able to resist me?”
“He won’t remember,” Natasha told Steve firmly.
, Tony’s mechanic Extremis-voice warned through the comm, his tone exasperated.
that came with a relationship.
Getting to know Tony had likely been the most revolutionary thing that had happened in his short adult life. He was consistently taking Steve’s expectations and blowing so far past them that he could barely keep up.
Tony smiled and it made Steve’s heart beat a little faster. “It’s yours, you know?” he said. “Everything I own is yours.”
“What did you think?” Rhodey snorted. “That I’d drop you because you’re into dicks?”
Steve glanced to Tony then with a raised eyebrow, as Vision turned around. “‘Three hours’, was it?”
Tony’s smile broadened and he kissed Steve, deep and long. He reached for the bed sheet that was tugged around Steve and pulled, leaving him naked to his eyes once more. He kissed his way down Steve’s chest, pausing at his nipples briefly to lick them, and then—to Steve’s absolute shock—he trailed further south.
“Kind of,” Sam said with a light grin. “I served as a Pararescueman.”
, that was… liberating in a way he hadn’t thought possible. Obi’s face was a blank canvas, and Tony didn’t know if he was inwardly seething with anger or actually listening.
His words had clearly surprised Rhodey. He hesitated a moment before answering him, weighing his words carefully.
Steve grinned. “Just checking.” When the truck was just a few meters away, he took a running start. He barely managed to land right on top of it, rolling across the surface and coming to rest just above the cockpit.
Steve curled himself into a ball, wishing, maybe for the first time, to be small again so he wouldn’t feel so horribly misplaced in this tiny bed.
Tony raised a brow when he heard Steve apologize. He looked up and saw the frown on his face. With some awkward shuffling that had Steve chuckle, Tony managed to sit up, scramble for balance on the narrow counter top, and settle down—chest to chest—on Steve’s lap.
So he just smiled and leaned in again, kissing Steve and wrapping his whole self around him.
* * *
“You’re not really here, are you?” Tony asked. He linked his fingers with Steve’s hand and drew it into his lap.
And it was true: Everything seemed to be going in reverse. The sky became whole again, lives were restored, and even Thanos began to twitch beneath them.
“You wouldn’t,” Tony retorted, and he perked his brows with witless irony. “That’s the problem with us. You would do it all over again.” He let that thought sink in. “And so would I.”
“Long enough to wake them up,” he eventually said.
This might be exactly what they’d do.
“Shut up,” Tony said, and kissed him again. His fingers had somehow opened Steve’s zipper in record time, wrapping around his cock, while shoving his jeans down with his bare feet. His hand pumped up and down the length of his shaft as though they had been doing this for ages. In just a few seconds, any hesitation Steve had harbored about this flew out the window. A throaty gasp tore through his lips, and his head collapsed against Tony’s shoulder.
That tone was back in his voice again, the teasing, silken tenor that somehow affected Steve in a way that had always inspired irritation before. He didn’t know exactly when it had become something he just took in stride, but it wasn’t unpleasant.
Friday fell silent at that, thankfully—and Tony stood up, walking over to where DUM-E was currently standing. He was still offline, had been ever since Tony’d sold Avengers Tower. Tony let a hand brush over the claw, petting it. With a sigh, he leaned against the robot, closing his eyes.
,” he exhaled, limping, his camera focusing on the tiny man, “that was uncalled for. See how I’ll ever buy my kid those Ant-Man rompers.”
“There are no words…” he murmured, one fingertip reverently stroking over Steve’s heartbeat. “None.”
There was a flicker of uncertainty in Bucky’s gaze. Then resolution set in, and he nodded.
Applying a squeeze to Tony's ass, Steve traced the cleft of it with a careful but intent touch. He couldn’t wait any longer, pressing two fingers into the inviting hole, mesmerized at the sight of it. He knew, logically, that Tony had come prepared, which meant this would work, but knowing it in theory was not the same as seeing it with his own eyes.
There was a slight pause. Pepper exhaled deeply. “Tell me, how was your first impression of Obadiah?”
“Take—” She looked between Tony and Steve. “Sure, Mister St—”
SR 3:09 A.M.>Yes. Reminded myself of how tight you are. You feel so good inside
Tony shook his head. “Can’t believe I’ve found a man who will cook for me and doesn’t mind my morning breath.”
Tony didn’t think he’d ever been so tired in his life. And that was really saying something.
* * *
wrong. He didn’t know what was happening exactly—if what Ultron said was actually true—and not being able to know for sure was absolutely terrifying.
“Go,” Sam offered. “I got this. Medics will be here soon, she’ll make it.”
Steve’s body tightened with anxiety. Slowly, he stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Tony’s lean frame. “We’ll make it work,” he whispered. Blindly, he pressed his lips to Tony’s, but pulled away before he could react. He couldn’t stand the sting of rejection. Not now. He was determined to deny him the chance. “I love you. We’ll make it work.”
“You know him, too,” she said without glancing away. “You knew him even before I did. Before you became Captain America. He wasn’t always the man he is now.”
Tony was right. And yet, with SHIELD’s collapse, and HYDRA infiltrating them for decades, his metaphorical backbone had taken a serious hit. He was too afraid of being controlled to see what was right in front of him. “I have a feeling when all this is over, my Christmas card list will be down to a handful,” Fury said, instead of giving an actual answer.
"I guess not," Steve said, smiling at him. "They took it well enough, though," Steve said then, taking a small step back and looking around at his room. It never felt as right as his place in D.C. did, but it was a place to put down his head after a long day. "Not sure what they'll have to say in the morning, but there's time to worry about that, later." He wrapped his arms around Tony in a nearly automatic gesture, pressing into the kiss before turning to nuzzle his cheek.
—they’d met.
Tony prompted.
Barnes took the bottle from him again and drank. “He wrote forty-six letters before he eventually sent one of them to you. I found them in the trash afterwards.”
“Romanov,” Natasha said, and there was a very soft and very calm male voice on the other side.
Rhodey stared at nothing for a second, then shrugged again. “Sure, no biggie.”
Steve groaned in annoyance. “That was
He rolled on his side of the bed and held his arms open for Tony. With a smile, he settled against his chest, slipping a leg over Steve’s. Steve settled a hand over Tony’s hip; the other at his arm, thumb tracing the skin at his shoulder tenderly.
Steve hummed in agreement, then, miraculously, one side of his mouth quirked upwards. “Clint said we’re not allowed to have sex in here.”
“Please, Tony…” Steve said softly. “You promised.”
“Okay, okay, that was a lie. He’s not your biggest fan,” Barton said with raised hands. “I mean,
“He doesn’t have to explain himself to us, that’s why. We’re strangers. You’re his best friend. It’s just easier for now. You need to respect that.”
* * *
“It’s just… a little hard to believe we got to a point where we exchanged vows. I mean no offense, but you made me want to punch my head through a wall repeatedly, you constantly have me on my toes and I never yelled at someone more than I yelled at you, so…”
Tony sighed. “No, it wasn’t. I’ll show it to you. Some other day, alright?”
“Did you know that I invented that jammer?” Tony asked with a glance at the sky.
“Sir…” JARVIS reminded him, and Tony groaned.
Steve shook his head slowly. “Bucky, who did this?”
His human hand hurt. There was blood on the floor. He had killed him. His name had been important. But he didn’t know why, and he supposed he shouldn’t care.
* * *
Steve huffed, before rubbing his forehead. “Let’s just say the first encounter between my best friend and my husband didn’t go all that well.”
“Helmut Zemo is on the rooftop,” T’Challa told them, his expression strangely kind. “I restrained him.”
Steve shivered. “They found something?”
Tony’s head turned and brushed the curve of Steve’s shoulder, then he felt his sudden stillness and knew he was awake. Through the screen of his lashes, Steve saw that he didn’t look angry; he just looked startled and maybe even a little amused. He stared down at Steve thoughtfully for a while, then frowned all of a sudden. Steve held his breath, then was completely shocked when Tony’s fingers brushed his face lightly, first beside his left eye and then just beneath it. Then he drew back. He felt Tony sit up and work his way downwards and out of the shelter.
He thought they hadn’t met yet?
colorful words against his mouths, but his brain was too busy catching up with the rest of his body.
Tony smiled. “Will do. It was nice to meet you, Sam. At least drop by for those upgrades I promised you, alright?”
, we’re no better than the bad guys.”
As if reading Tony’s mind, Maria raised her glass in Steve’s direction. “So, Steve, Tony just told us—”
“You love it,” Tony said, and even though he tried to not make it sound like one, it was very much a question.
Abruptly, Steve spun around and beat the stonewall of Sam’s garage with his left hand, punching it twice and with so much force, chunks of rock broke off and the jagged surfaces they left behind peeled the flesh from his knuckles.
Steve swallowed, though he tried not to show his unease. “I don’t see how that would be of help. I only got a first name.”
Together, they fixed up dinner and lit up a fire outside to grill some steaks. Afterwards, they set up chairs and pillows and blankets around the fire, and there was a box of long sticks on a table stacked with marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate bars. The area of the camping ground all but vibrated with laughter and excitement, and often, Tony would hear someone tell stories from their last solar eclipse.
The last days had been a whirlwind of many things. Most of the time, they’d been busy helping with the cleanup all over the city, and the few hours they hadn’t been busy carrying rubble around, they’d sat in SHIELD’s New York headquarter, discussing the attack and preparing for the day when Thor would bring Loki back to Asgard.
to let it happen, it was growing increasingly difficult to fight the wealth of affection blossoming within his chest for this man. This stupid but brilliant man who’d pushed him to his limits so often.
Our thanks extended to the anon who agreed to put his handwriting for the world to see.
He sighed. Yes, he knew that all right. Belief. Trust. He simply needed to hold on to that.
* * *
“Pepper.” He turned to face her, enfolding her in his arms when she crashed right into him. “Don’t worry, he’s going to be fine.”
He could finally see the details of the suit left behind, and when he moved to enwrap Tony in a hug once more, he rested his forehead against the Tony's shoulder. "Better?"
And it was really becoming hard not to smile and kiss him right then.
Tony licked his lips and nodded, hand subconsciously reaching for Steve’s. “We’ll be over in a minute,” he said. “And, uh, Car?”
“I was mad at you about Bucky!” Steve yelled at him and clenched his hands into fists, forcing himself to calm down. “I realize now that it wasn’t your fault, but I was allowed to be mad at you. You lied to me. That didn’t change the fact that I loved you.” Taking a deep breath, he forced the words out before he could stop himself. “And it doesn’t change that I love you still.”
“That bad, huh,” Steve murmured absently.
, once Steve had pushed in all the way, Tony was groaning loudly, all but clinging to the sheets.
Steve's back arched at the touch to his dick. He felt exposed, more so than usual, with his knees spread and pulled up a little and his entire upper body feeling hot and flushed. Tony wasn't easing that feeling much, saying everything that came to mind and shaking Steve to the core.
“Nah, it’s okay, stuff happens. Guess we’re just not used to Mommy and Daddy fighting. You and Tony are the strongest… assets we have, Thor aside, maybe. You can’t quit on us now. Can’t defeat a murder robot with a bow and arrow, Cap.”
. “I’ll try to be better. I want to make this work.”
He’d felt a bit irritated by it, at first, but decided to agree. All of it felt too overwhelming already and Natasha looked to have his best interest at heart, so until he found proof of the contrary, he’d trust her.
“Good,” Mister Hammer replied, nodding. “Be ready within an hour, you hear me? Or I’ll find myself a new assistant. If you think you’re irreplaceable, you’re very wrong, boy.”
He wanted to go to him, but the fear was too strong. The fear that Bucky would look Steve in the eyes and that everything they had shared with each other throughout their lives would still mean nothing to him.
The sudden intrusion nearly startled Steve out of his skin. He jumped and turned, unable to say or do anything when he saw Stane walking in, his cane firmly in hand.
“She used to teach me Christmas Carols for years, you know,” he mused. “Wouldn’t teach me anything else till I had those perfected. Said I would most likely play the piano at Christmas my whole life, even when I had already lost interest in it on other occasions, so I’d better know what I did with the Carols.”
* * *
“Either option isn’t any good,” Steve concluded.
“Are you planning to give them all their own floor? I know we have space, but it’s getting crowded.”
"Honestly?" Bruce asked, looking a little pained. Steve had to wonder about that, since he never knew Bruce to be so involved in anyone's life before. "I don't know." He paused for a bit, then added. "He doesn’t like to talk about his family. But so long as he's here, I'm happy."
Reaching for Steve’s other hand, Tony turned them both around, away from Strange’s curious eyes.
If tension could kill a man, Steve was sure he'd be dead. His entire body seized up at the sudden touch, so new and foreign it was electrifying. No one had ever touched him like this, but it was the casual air with which Tony did it that caught him completely off guard. He took a deep breath and relaxed, but by then the damage had been done. Tony knew at least to some degree where they stood.
.” On the next beat, time seemed to freeze. It seemed that the Stones’ power began to seep into Nebula’s body, making it light up from within.
“…you love me and I’m asking you to,” Steve said with a low chuckle and then made Tony take small steps into the room.
“You don’t,” Bucky said, frowning.
Well. Tony stayed very still. What was there to say now?
“Тыпаниковал,” Natasha said and flashed an alluring smile, before she leaned in and pressed a small peck on his cheek.
“It means I don’t want you
And of course, Steve was buying some tacky Elvis Presley bobblehead.
“I… I don’t understand.”
Steve huffed in amusement, but as usually decided to play along with Tony’s shenanigans and only slightly leaned back in his hold. “Are you actually jealous of Bucky?” he asked, grinning.
Tony nudged his forehead with Steve’s before dipping to brush his lips against the nape of his throat. Steve shuddered when Tony took his pulse point between his lips.
“Daddy doesn’t let me eat sweets after seven o’clock.”
Bucky groaned and rubbed a hand over his face.
“What happened?” Steve asked, standing up and moving for his shirt next.
Anger flared within Steve—and, with it, strength. He struck out with his shield, and the left side connected. Because Rumlow had already been in an unbalanced position, the force of the blow knocked him over. He stumbled backward against a car, and tumbled over it onto the ground.
“Why is that?”
“I don’t think I got to her,” Steve replied. “She’s still in shock.”
That voice. He’d once followed it over continents and oceans. After all, its owner had once been his world, his whole universe, and his reason for living. And he remembered now. Remembered everything. All those loose ends finally coming together. Every time he’d been awoken, every time he’d gotten to know her, relearned her body, fell in love with her over and over again.
Needing something to do with his hands, Tony stood up, walked around the small hospital bed, and grabbed for his Stark tablet. There were already dozens of appointments scheduled for the next week; with the new Department of Defense committee, the Congress, the military and a handful of other organizations he hadn’t even known existed. He filtered through his calendar, copying a few meetings to Maria Hill’s device, before mailing Pepper to meet up soon.
All of a sudden, the door behind them opened, and someone groaned, long and annoyed. “Why is it
Cooper’s eyes went wide.
Her face flickered between incredulity and amusement. “True.”
“You’re planning to take action against Ross before meeting up with him
A surprised shriek left Tony’s lips as the world suddenly veered off its axis. He was—had Steve just actually picked him up? Tony was hanging in his arms, limp for a long moment, before his hazy mind caught up with what was happening.
Next to that, his news feed was running a mile a second, and yes, it seemed #giantalienplant was most definitely dead.
Tony shook his head as if to clear it, then raised a hand to rub at his eyes. “I’m not processing things properly. Uh, give me a moment.”
SR 10:15 A.M.>Sorry, had team training. I’m free 2nite. And u?
Steve’s frown deepened. “I didn’t—what’s that supposed to mean?”
. He didn’t really
“Sir, Captain Rogers—Wanda and Pietro Maximoff have been sighted in Lagos.”
There was only one place he could go now.
“Well, yeah? We invited, what, over a hundred people? I’m assuming when Tony said ‘revels’ he meant some ‘real badass revels’. Also, not that I don’t like the cozy look of our living room, but there’s not much fun aside the telly, and I assume we, except maybe Cap, don’t wanna watch Golden Girls all night—”
Thunder cackled and Steve watched Thor fly past him. “At long last.”
Rhodey pursed his lips thoughtfully. “Of course you can. Maybe this is not the version you’re used to. But you and Steve... you can make a different kind of right. If you want that.”
Tony's breath was hot against his lips and his eyes were closed. A furrowing of his eyebrows suggested a hint of worry and Steve gently rubbed his forehead against Tony's own. "You're a good kisser," he said, fondly running his thumb along Tony's cheek.
The line Natasha is quoting is from a poem by Alexander Pushkin.
Tony choked on his sandwich, his eyes bugging. “Huh?”
Tony shrugged. He guessed by now they had seen and done too much to really despair over another warlord trying to wipe out the universe.
His wounds had disappeared within the first three days after his arrival—all except of the scars marring the skin of his shoulder where the metal arm was sewed into his body.
Clint grasped her wrist suddenly, his own eyes seeking hers. “We were doing good, Tasha. We saved people, we changed things. Whatever else HYDRA did, we were doing good when it counted, and there’s no one who can convince me otherwise.”
Steve wet his lips. “Family business?”
Although he didn’t want to look right at him, he couldn’t quite keep his eyes from turning back to where Stark stood staring down at him.
, Steve heard Howard wheeze in the old black-and-white video recording. And after a long lost moment, a questioning, a disbelieving ‘
A heavy pause. Tony could almost picture Steve’s jaw twitching with a firm surge of determination.
Another thick silence filled the air between them. Then, Rhodey relented. “She was… enigmatic. Charismatic. She certainly was beautiful,” he told Steve quietly. “I can’t even tell you what it was, exactly, but there was something about her drawing you right in. Everyone I know was fascinated with her. She just had a way of making you admire her, you know?”
“You don’t have to replace him.”
He took both of Steve’s hands in his own and led them to his upper body. The underarmor was a complicated mix of fabric and plastic impregnated molecular chains that was both smooth and flexible, and hard and impenetrable. The openings were at both sides of the upper part of the armor, and Tony surrounded Steve’s finger, guiding them until he got the drift and opened the fabric.
"Close…" he whispered, eyes closed and heart pounding. Soon after, when Tony changed his angle a little and thrust a bit harder, Steve's body coiled, and his release was so sudden, so deep, that he couldn't even let out the strangled sound stuck in his throat. It spilled out of him moments after his warm essence coated their bellies, and he couldn't help the shudders of aftershocks if he'd tried.
