“Yes, well, good luck with your lecture. Good day.” Sherlock turned on his heel and strode away rapidly. John stood there and watched mutely as his once-best-friend disappeared around the corner. Dejected, all ebullience and anticipation he’d felt only ten minutes ago gone, John checked himself into his room. There was a group dinner at seven, so he unpacked, showered, and changed into an evening suit. As he stepped into the hallway, he nearly returned to his room because Sherlock was exiting the door right across the hall from him. “Ah...John,” he looked uncomfortably surprised and shuffled his feet nervously.
Sherlock had ensured that John’s assassin wife had been imprisoned, that John’s false marriage had been dissolved, that John’s room at 221 B Baker Street had been made available to him rent free, all because Sherlock cared for him so very much.
One long miserable month passed. Sherlock still hadn’t worked up the courage to look at John’s empty room, nor to even use their old sugar bowl. He put his sugar in a mug, a new one. The packers had been thorough and John had owned most of the usable crockery. Sherlock kept to a strict daily routine, not neglecting his rest nor his nutrition, following a chart that tracked the minimum number of nutritious calories that his transport required. He knew he was just keeping himself occupied until evening when he could make everything disappear with a cautiously administered single dose of the 7% solution to all his problems. Carefully, Sherlock stopped paying attention to the new and unmarked calendar hanging in lonely fashion on the empty board.
John’s mood turned dark and sad. He wouldn’t see Sherlock for a week now, and he’d be all alone here at the flat, except for Rosie and Mrs Hudson. Jealousy ate at John as visions of Sherlock and Danny enjoying romantic forays, wherever they were. He texted back without thinking, “I’d have loaned you my kilt if I’d known.”
“Consider it a chemical imbalance triggered by a long series of very unfortunate events. John will be well as soon as I can sort out what needs to be done. We will both be…well. Now, since you apparently are here only to satisfy your morbid curiosity rather than offering us a case to work on, I will bid you good-day. Leave.”
“Stop.” Sherlock ordered, “Never mind.” John was clearly mortified and didn’t want to tell Sherlock that he’d sold his laptop to his ex-girlfriend, or why he needed money so badly that he was willing to do so. Still, Sherlock couldn’t let his research float about the world unclaimed, so he used his perfectly functional mobile to send a detailed request to Mycroft. He could practically hear and see the sigh his brother heaved as he sent back a response,
John felt like vomiting. Sherlock would
“Thank you, Molly.” Sherlock gave her one of his infrequent one-armed hugs. Molly deserved all his respect and affection, especially after what his sister had done. After what had happened with his sister, Molly’s crush on him had fizzled out finally but that only impacted the depth of their friendship. Sherlock liked Molly and she liked him back. She cared about him in ways almost no one else did. She wanted Sherlock to be happy, just for himself.
“Are you a freak in bed, too?” A long groan was clearly audible and abruptly cut off as John stifled his own cry, “Yeah, I bet you are. God, that arse, so fucking gorgeous. I hope you rub it on me tonight.” John panted for a minute before rumbling out another naughty whisper, “What would it be like, if you had me? Sherlock.” John moaned again, “I’d want to, with you. Put your cock in me, I’ll make myself ready for you right now, yes.” John’s panting breaths were broken, “Yeah, fuck my arse, Sherlock. Harder.” Dual wet sounds were audible.
Sherlock Holmes knew what freefall felt like. He’d thrown himself off a building once, and for several breath-taking seconds, he flew. Even recalling the sensation made him feel nauseated. Impact had been no treat, and not all of the blood on the pavements had been faked. He also knew what it felt like to have something scar his heart, the hot bullet searing a dangerous kiss across its fluttering surface, barely missing, but enough to shock it into stopping for three terrible minutes. Sherlock was familiar with the scorching agony of red-hot brands, and gleaming knives. He understood the sear of a well-applied bull-whip and the sizzling tease of a blowtorch. Sherlock Holmes was now familiar with many sorts of pain, ranging from bruises and lacerations to catastrophic injuries that had nearly left him comatose and incapable of self-directed movement. This was new.
Sherlock lost his ability to remain ambulatory while his brain seized upon the mental image of John writhing beneath him as Sherlock’s cock slipped deeper and deeper into his rectal cavity, “Can’t we start now? I’m ready.” His well-spent cock was doing its best to become hard again.
“I do,” John admitted without hesitation, certain and unashamed. “I can’t deny it to anyone, not anymore, not after this.” John looked down, “All this time, every single day, all I have wanted was for you to wake up so I could let you know how much I feel for you. I’m not interested in living my life without you, Sherlock, so if you could do us both a favour and stop nearly dying all the time, I’d really appreciate it.”
“What? Why would I be?”
Sherlock blinked at him for a minute before answering, “I heard you say that you love me. I needed you to know that I feel the same about you. I’ve never had sex before, and you, or at least your body, wanted it with me, even though you were asleep. Circumstances couldn’t be better. We’re in a private room away from anyone who might bother us, we’re both in extremely good health, and frankly, it’s about time we stopped messing about and waiting for some magically better moment to get on with our relationship.”
For Rosie’s sake alone did John keep a handful of photos that caught his wife at her best, their wedding certificate, and a handful of other small mementoes that his daughter could remember her mother by. All of it fit into one of Mary’s expensive shoeboxes. After he’d finished the bedroom and the sitting room, John moved onto the loo, binning everything that was hers that couldn’t be decently donated. He went through the entire house, meticulously gathering and removing every trace of the illusion known as Mary Morstan.
Everything that followed was far more romantic and loving than he could have imagined if he’d been the sort of man to imagine tender caresses and gentle coaxing touches. Instead of rough and primal sex, John took pains to make Sherlock physically feel the love the soldier felt for him. There was nothing frightening or unwelcome during their love play. John taught Sherlock how to feel the sensations he provided, how to let his body do what came naturally to it, how to temporarily let go the strict discipline he held over his flesh, to let someone else be in charge for a while. Their first orgasm together was intense enough to wring tears from Sherlock’s eyes, and John looked so grateful for the chance to have given that to him, to have shared it with each other.
Sherlock’s heart melted for the millionth time. John was such a strange human. He was fierce, quarrelsome, emotionally repressed, and quite grumpy a good deal of the time. He was also incredibly loyal, determined, helpful, and incredibly nurturing, bypassing even their landlady in motherliness when the moment required it. “Nothing, John, just a work crew tired after a long day.”
. Unless there’s an emergency, or it involves Rosie, call first.”
Rosie rubbed her dinner all over herself, testing to see how each different ingredient fell apart when pressed. Sherlock was very encouraging of her exploration. Since she’d already eaten her dinner, John wasn’t worried that she hadn’t done more than taste what he’d made, and watching Sherlock pretend to take notes for her was touching as well as amusing. Danny and Sherlock made huge inroads on what he’d provided, and it made him feel warm inside to see Sherlock wrap up another scone in a paper napkin and stick it in his Belstaff pocket for later, “We have to go again, Danny wanted to check on you two.”
It had been a very pleasant evening in fact. John felt relaxed and calm like they had fallen into a perfect sort of rhythm at last. Sherlock seemed to agree, “I don’t know anyone at all that I’d rather wile an evening away with, in fact, I know of no one. It’s just you, John.”
protested Sherlock with an unhappy whine, “Need!”
daughter John, not mine. We are…
John who was sighted. Blond blue-eyed military men are hardly a rarity in England.”
. I want to have every bit of you and never need to share, I want you to be just for me the way I can only ever be just for you. There will never be someone else for me, John.” Sherlock wasn’t sure how to be plainer than that.
A sound startled him.
John felt the weight of the responsibility being put on him. He had to navigate treacherous waters with the man who made him feel too many things at once. John didn’t even know what to think about Mary, or why Mycroft’s face had presented such a menacing mien when he’d said her name.
There was a sharp rap at the door, and both men jumped. Sherlock hated that his anxiety over John’s disappearance was causing his ability to be observant to lessen. Struggling to clear his mind, Sherlock strode over and answered it. Anthea walked in, ignoring Danny, and setting a very sleek and expensive laptop onto the sticky coffee-table, “Your brother is granting you access to every possible surveillance camera in the city. Don’t tell anyone.”
What do I do? I don’t want him to be frightened of me, what if he hurts himself again? He nearly tore out his lines out and he should barely be able to move. I thought I was helping, but it’s obvious that I’m not.”
forced
meant to settle down with a beta. Betas were a last resort, biologically meant to be caretakers and assistants to the other genders. Most gravitated naturally toward supportive roles in the workplace and at home. Mary was a nurse, for instance, but until tonight, John had refused to admit something else to himself. Mary
“Pick any label you like, as long as I get to play with it whenever I want, and I’m going to want to a lot.”
Mary. I was only ever with her because she decided that she wanted to help raise me up after I was low for so long. God, I fucking missed you so much but I was angry and confused, and my thoughts just kept milling around, and nothing made sense so I just kept doing what I always did, and of course, I fucked up!” John met Sherlock’s eyes, his own filled with penitent tears. “I will always love you, Sherlock, more than anything or anyone. I’m always going to be ready to risk my life for you, to take a bullet for you, and to do everything in my power to keep you happy. I’d never promise to make you safe though, because we don’t do safe, never have.”
They took a bath together after. John sat behind Sherlock, happily shampooing Sherlock’s hair and washing him all over. Sherlock was reminded of when he’d been a child, how he’d shared baths with his dog Redbeard. It reinforced the knowledge that he was just an amusement for his master. Right now, John liked to use Sherlock for sex, but if he got tired of that, what would he use Sherlock for next? It didn’t bear thinking about.
“Maybe?” His voice was thick and broken when he answered. Danny’s tears ran anew, telling Sherlock that his new friend had cared for his late lover deeply. “Never got the chance to really find out, did I? We weren’t together for very long, and I guess you could say it was love at first sight, but there was so much that was hidden. I’m stuck now, caught feeling this way for a dead man, trapped by all the secrets he kept and all the lies he had to tell. I was his first…his only. Alex never had a chance either, and it was his love for me that got him killed. They killed him for having emotions.”
shopped for clothing he went to the one section of the men’s store that displayed trousers in his size, picked a brown, blue, or black one, and that was it. He used the same procedure with all the rest of his things. John had not realized how deep this particular rabbit hole was when he jumped in with both feet, but he was a soldier, so he kept moving forward, “No sequins. Something discreet, delicate, needs to match with a white blouse and a black skirt and some incredibly fancy shoes called
That night Sherlock lay in his bed and listened to John groan his way through a nightmare. The soldier was always negatively affected by death, more so when he felt guilt. John always felt he should have done more or should have tried harder whenever they failed to save someone. Even though most of the street people who had died had done so even before they’d known of the case, John would blame himself for their loss. The very next morning Sherlock simply said, “It wasn’t your fault John. You had nothing to do with that woman’s choices.” He’d been conflicted about whether he should say anything at all, but decided facts were facts, and John needed to know them.
Sherlock was drinking tea and reading something on his mobile. Twinkling fairy lights were plugged in all over, a testament to Mrs Hudson’s relentless holiday cheer, “You’re going to contract a sexually transmitted disease if you keep this up.” Sherlock’s voice was flat and colourless, but his face was angry.
(See the end of the chapter for
They kept cutting each other off but John didn’t mind, especially when Sherlock’s next words were, “Take me to bed, John. It’s been years, I’ve been waiting years, and I don’t want to wait one more night.”
“I know. I read the blog back when it was active. Doctor Watson made it pretty clear that you weren’t the most emotionally available person in London. That’s all right, because I think he was wrong, and I would know. I have more feelings than any two people combined, and I think you do too.” Sherlock felt an unaccustomed neediness blooming inside himself. To sate it, he tilted Danny’s head back to press a kiss against those willing lips. The kiss deepened quickly, and soon, they were back to snogging. When they broke apart, Danny’s grin was crooked, “I’m getting the feeling that you like me, a bit.”
Maybe it was small of him, but small detail cheered John enough that he was able to eat a larger portion of his lunch. He managed most of the salad and a small bite of the fish. He even choked down two spoonsful of the cakey pudding served at the end. When he got up to leave, he noticed Sherlock looking at him from his table once more, the frown gone, but replaced with a thoughtful expression. It unnerved John all over again and he left as quickly as he could manage politely.
Sherlock couldn’t seem to look directly at John but even with his face down, he looked pleased. John felt like puffing his chest out a bit simply because he’d made Sherlock happy. That made him feel proud and a bit more confident. It seemed to have a similar effect on Sherlock who finally managed to look at John steadily, “I feel the same way.”
John had already thanked the elder Holmes so effusively for all that he had provided that Mycroft had quite seriously told them to never mention it again. “I can earn money easily, and find resources with little trouble, but I will never be able to replace my little brother, Doctor Watson. You have saved him many times by being his friend. What I have provided are mere trappings, tools, if you will. It is because you are here that Sherlock wants to live at all.”
. “Where are we off to?”
“I’m so glad you told me, I’m so bloody happy right now, Sherlock.”
Sherlock shrank back instinctively and dropped his gaze to the pavements so that he was as inoffensive as possible, his normal arrogance and confidence defeated in the presence of the metals that could damage him.
Harry threw her hands up in the air with frustration. “At the time, the man described himself as a sociopath and
to be his bride, or at least, had been about to ask her. Now that he thought about it, John realized that he’d never gotten around to verbalizing anything to her
“Of course I’m not hungry but traditions, John, isn’t that what today is about?”
the world’s foremost consulting detective,” Sherlock bragged playfully.
Sherlock had gotten rid of them. What about his mobile? All their texts and messages? What happened to all of it? Sherlock knew his mobile had rung several times, but he couldn’t recall clearly if he’d heard anyone try to call John.
“The kind who doesn’t care if the psychopath in front of him is female or not.” Sherlock’s fists were up and with Queensbury flair, Sherlock used his long arm to his advantage and punched Mary right in the face.
7:12 am – Apparently you can find fair-trade coffee and accessories at the market these days. Have you ever had French press coffee? SH
Sherlock was silent. He was frozen inside, unable to speak in John’s defence because Danny was harsh but truthful.
petty.”
Avoiding eye-contact with anyone outside, John made his way to the Tube and back to his house in the suburbs in a daze of misery.
“Very well, Doctor. Someone will be there within the hour.” The call disconnected. John was left standing there holding the strange phone and staring at the man who used to be the most important person in the world to him. It was ironic that Sherlock had masqueraded as a beta for so long and so successfully. If he hadn’t, John wouldn’t have attempted a relationship with Mary. He would have eventually caved to his biological imperative and allowed himself to be heat-bonded to some needy omega and settled down somewhere to begin breeding and raising pups. Now it was too late. Instead of a bond, John was engaged to someone else.  Helping Sherlock through his heat like he needed would mean betraying a principle that John had always been firm about,
.” Mycroft spat the last word out as if speaking the vilest insult he could imagine. “Thank you, my dear. Yes. Me too. Yes, tonight.”
“It was John. He came after me. We fought. I ran. Apparently I was struck by a taxi and brought here. John is still my emergency contact.” Sherlock suddenly knew he was losing control of his stomach, and Mycroft only had a moment to bring him the corner bin before Sherlock vomited up everything he’d ever eaten in the last month. “We’ll deal with him, Sherlock. I’m contacting Gregory right now.”
Sherlock didn’t exactly return to doing the
. I fucked
grateful for. Don’t leave me, John. I need you to stay here, beside me, to keep me safe.”
“Nah, no need for
It wasn’t until after he’d hit send that John realized how late the hour was.
There was colour high in John’s cheeks, but the rest of his face had a determined mien, “Of course, John.” Sherlock’s mouth was dry.
Once he was dropped off in front of his house, John decided to walk the cold dark streets, making his way without thinking. John felt increasingly emotionally separated with each day that passed. He couldn’t seem to get himself together. He didn’t need to grieve any longer. Sherlock Holmes was alive, well, and waiting for him at Baker Street along with Rosie. He should be happy, ecstatic even, but he wasn’t, he couldn’t seem to manage. He should be mourning his late wife, but he wasn’t. After a few days of initial upset, John had somehow just gotten over her passing in a way he never had when he’d thought Sherlock was dead. Mary being gone was more of a relief than it was a burden, and feeling that way made him queasy, but she had an entire museum’s worth of skeletons in her closet, and all of them had been lethal. Their lives were safer with her gone. He should have done something with that gift but instead, John wasted his time having an endless string of meaningless affairs, and achieving nothing, and ignoring his daughter.
“You don’t think this is a terrible idea?” Sherlock wanted John and not Danny, Molly knew this. For a wild moment, Sherlock considered ending things with his lover, to throw himself at John and simply beg for the soldier to be with him.
Sherlock’s eyes closed when his chest began to feel painfully tight. It was difficult to breathe. He knew there was a small percentage of individuals that had adverse reactions to
“I know what you said.” White hot feelings were welling up and he couldn’t tell if they were good or bad. Sherlock didn’t know how to react. He thought they had managed to move past this, and if not past it, at least away from it. Anxiety swelled up, mixed with a trace of anger, fear, and return of humiliation. “There’s no need to repeat it. I know what you think of me, what
. John absolutely melted, incapable of sustaining a single objection to the pseudo-assault. Sherlock moved closer, straddling John’s unresisting lap to sit upon it, winding one long arm around John’s shoulder as he continued to cradle John’s face with the remaining hand. By the time the kiss ended, long minutes later, John understood that protests were pointless. “I love you, John, and you love me back, I know it. I need you in my life. Come out for dinner with me. Spend time with me...just...let’s start all over again, please?”
solicitous! It feels odd attempting to pretend.”
“I’m not a child, John!” Sherlock was outraged,
picked her over him?!” John seemed to curl up on himself.
.” Molly suddenly gripped his hand, her voice earnest.
They didn’t sleep together, not even just to rest. They certainly didn’t kiss. Sometimes they sat on the sofa together but even then it wasn’t more than just sitting side by side. Holding hands wasn’t on, not yet, at least. Both men were jumpy, frazzled, and always on the edge of falling completely apart. John was in therapy but then, so was Sherlock. He was a complete wreck after everything that had happened in the last few years, and the world’s only consulting detective finally admitted that he couldn’t sort himself out without ongoing help. He was seeing Ella because she knew John and their more recent problems were intertwined, but they weren’t in couple’s therapy, not yet anyway. There were so many hurdles that they needed to overcome before they could take the next step that they’d decided that they needed to put a pin in their developing relationship, at least until at least one of them could make it through the week without screaming themselves awake at night due to nightmares, or having panic attacks at the market, or an unhappy variety of other problems that had not gone away yet. It was a bit of a bother.
Sherlock returned John’s kiss with one of his own, bending John back just a little before he deepened it enough to make John moan and sigh, just a little. “Everything is better now that I’m with you. I would never want to be anywhere else.”
. There wasn’t any point in making it available. Only the most rabid of John’s fans ever used it. He deactivated all his public accounts as well, cleansing the internet of his presence as thoroughly as he could. While he was at it, he hacked his way into John’s blog and purged it of every single entry, deleting their entire online history. He knew John kept copies on his laptop, even his reader’s comments were stored.
need to rest,” Sherlock said firmly. He didn’t care that it was barely one in the afternoon. He was home after weeks of being away, lost and devastated. He needed to reconnect to 221 B Baker Street and John, “Pyjamas.”
John brought the snacks downstairs, shared a cup of tea with Mrs Hudson before excusing himself to continue with the laundry. By the time it was all done, Rosie had been long since tucked into bed for the night, Mrs Hudson had enjoyed her herbal soother and was also asleep, and John was still alone in the flat. All the laundry had been folded and left on Sherlock’s bed, except for the towels. John switched out Sherlock’s bathroom linen with his own since Sherlock’s idea of bath towel was the same as the ones for kitchen towels. John’s were at least the proper size, and wonderfully absorbent to boot. After a quick shower, and one last look around, John made himself stop waiting for Sherlock to come home and went to sleep.
to throw Sherlock off today. John shook out his newspaper and continued to ignore his flatmate. It was Christmas Eve and Sherlock was working his way through the large pile of merrily wrapped boxes that were piled under their artificial tree. Sherlock was impossible today, and in fact, had been impossible since December 1st. Every day that brought them closer to Christmas had made the
“Neither do I, I’m rather jealous.” John knew it very well, in hindsight. Sherlock had never played well with John’s other friends and had been downright monstrous with John’s many dates. “Since we are technically engaged, do you think it’s all right if I get into bed with you, just to…” Sherlock trailed off and was suddenly blushing a ridiculous amount.
He was just finishing when John finally came down. The doctor went through his morning medical routine with Sherlock, scheduling an appointment with another doctor to discuss further treatments and options. Sherlock was over the worst of it but that was the comparatively easy part,
During the many consults he was required to endure, Sherlock sat mutely on the bed while the doctors talked directly to John. The soldier let them continue on in that manner for a couple of minutes before he stopped them with a sharp gesture, “You know he’s awake and that he’s a genius, right? You don’t need to filter your diagnosis through me, he understands all the big words and can probably cite more related cases than you can.” After that, the specialists spoke right to Sherlock, and each time it happened, Sherlock felt warm inside.
He was in
. “Come along, Danny.” Sherlock took Danny’s hand and together, they fell into bed with one another. Danny reached for Sherlock eagerly, winding their thin limbs together as they continued to comfort one another, “Goodnight, Danny.”
Sherlock thought about that. John
Danny looked up at Sherlock, and they both knew that Sherlock was speaking the truth. “You’re no better. I can never replace John, I can hardly stand in for him. He’s your whole life, mate, the one you should be with. I know this is short-term for both of us, so let’s just make the most of whatever we can, how’s that?” Danny kissed Sherlock tenderly, “Lots of cuddles, lots of sex, lots of laughs. We’ll do as much as we can before our paths separate again. I’d like that, at least.”
John seemed a bit upset and Sherlock was surprised. Most humans would love it if they could make someone love them forever without having to do anything to earn it. “That’s not what I would ever want with you.”
have to make a case for yourself, Sherlock. If anyone needs to explain themselves or convince anyone of anything, it’s me. You don’t want me in your life, you shouldn’t want me. I’m a bad person. Anything good or noteworthy about me isn’t nearly enough to balance the scales, especially with you. I can’t be with you, Sherlock, I’m not good for you, or for anyone. It’s better this way. Just...go live a good life, Sherlock Holmes. You deserve only the best and that’s definitely not me. We both know what kind of man I am, and I certainly am not worth your time.”
, but Sherlock merely rolled his eyes, “How is it different than when we lived together before? We kept our money in our work account, you paid all the bills and did all the shopping, and I worked on cases. The biggest difference is that now we have to coordinate our lectures so we can spend more time together, but other than that, we’re simply pooling our resources like we used to.”
the blond man said, “He’ll do well enough for what I need.”
Once they retrieved Rosie, Harry brought them back to John’s house. Once there, she forced him to shower, to brush his teeth, and when he was done, she left him there to change into clean clothes and to drink some water as well as a strong cup of coffee while she took Rosie out for a walk, extending the time John had to make himself presentable. When they eventually returned, Rosie was tired enough to fall right into a heavy nap while Harry sat across the kitchen table from her sodden brother, “Okay Johnny, what in the world happened to get you sozzled in the middle of the day? I haven’t seen you do something like this since…” Harry trailed off, unwilling to mention the bleakest period of John’s life, a time of grief that not even the death of his wife could surpass.
. John closed his eyes and against his will, he did not stay awake. In his dreams, a single phrase kept on going.
“A good shag?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened when a tall thin man almost ran through the door. His hair was rumpled when it was obviously accustomed to being smooth, and there were dark circles beneath eyes that Sherlock knew, and he was dressed in a three-piece suit that looked expensive but wrinkled and saggy in the knees from being worn too long. The sight of his face made memories rush up, utterly overwhelming him. Eyes rolling back, Sherlock felt his body shudder and twist when he lost complete control of himself as his brain reset
They awoke late in the afternoon. Sherlock chivvied John into the shower and fresh clothes before almost chasing him out of the flat and onto the street. One cab ride later and they were at Baker Street. John frowned when Sherlock knocked on the door instead of using his key and was nearly as surprised as Mrs Hudson when she opened the door, clearly not expecting to see either of them in front of her. “Sherlock! John! I haven’t seen either of you in so long!”
“I couldn’t change anything. How could I? This is
John felt that chasm opening up inside of him again.
John watched in utter amazement as Rosie obediently closed one eye and then the other, falling asleep mere seconds later, her body lax and motionless as she breathed. John turned to Sherlock and mouthed, “How did you do that?”
“Stand.” John got to his feet, grateful to be off his knees but unable to do more than simply stand as he’d been told. “Unpack your possessions into my room. You are going to stay with me so that I can keep an eye on you.”
“Good thing you had David and his itty-bitty cock to play with, right?” John taunted her back, “What’s that like then? Gives a whole new spin on
“Well, it could be either, after all, my feet do get cold and yours get ripe.”
his own unusual nature, so he was. He was gathering data and John had no one but himself to blame. Sherlock’s transport walked itself over to the door, his ear pressed to the hollow wood, straining to hear the water splashing off Johns quick moving hand, the wet slapping sound growing more frantic whenever John approached his apex.
He was wearing a suave new jumper, a gift from the woman by his side, no doubt. Sherlock hated it. John’s hair was longer, too, and swept off to the side. He looked horrifically dashing and handsome, and Sherlock nearly growled his discontent.
Sherlock’s chastened appearance dropped away like the charade it was and he snapped back, “John doesn’t expect me to be kind
Sherlock didn’t look away, “Hello, John.” He could smell John’s aftershave. It made his nostrils flare but for once, a pang of regretful loneliness did not accompany it.
Sherlock wasn’t wrong. John had helped earn their money through his work at the clinic and by helping Sherlock on cases, so he’d never felt awkward about spending their communal cash on their lives. “Okay, but just know that I feel a bit strange about it now.”
Thirteen months after their bonding, Sherlock and John stood together inside the biggest room of the Holmes manor and exchanged simple vows to love and cherish one another for as long as they both lived. Tears ran down Sherlock’s face as John put a ring on his finger, and John could not stop smiling when his omega returned the favour. They were legally married in front of everyone they cared about, one of the first hundred couples to take advantage of the new universal marriage laws now in place. “I know we didn’t need to.” Sherlock admired his ring.
“I will never leave you,” prevaricated Sherlock, knowing that his human was kind and generous and still free to go if he so wished. Sherlock refused to make John feel guilty about the one-way bond.
“Well then, I’d say we’re a good match.” Danny laughed at Sherlock’s words and snuggled closer, “This isn’t usual for me, you know.”
The walk didn’t seem to take long but they were in a part of London John did not recognise. The restaurant was both ornate and simple, many plain details combined together to welcome them. Intimate booths for two were strategically placed so that everyone had as much privacy as possible while allowing waitstaff to work around them easily. The food was a fusion of west and east, the components both familiar and foreign. John barely noticed it, so lost was he as he was rewarded with Sherlock’s full and complete attention.
“Sherlock. Stop. I want to get laid, but I don’t want to try and find a girlfriend. I just want to come inside someone without feeling obligated afterwards. I’ll risk the STI.” John cursed his own angry reaction. He hadn’t placated Sherlock a bit and had obviously made the already tense situation worse.
“That’s the plan. Relax, sweetheart, I’m going to be fucking you for hours.” John was as good as his word. He brought her to orgasm six more times before he finally gave into his needs. His once-a-month forays into the seedier side of physical affection were the only things keeping him from going absolutely mad at home but when he finally orgasmed, it was weak and unsatisfying despite the efforts he had expended.
“No.” Sherlock was resolute.
Sarah was nearly shrieking now, her face an unattractive shade of pink that clashed with the orange of her hair. John felt like a small boy being scolded harshly by his mum. “But if there’s a baby…”
“Point of fact, you are
“As a friend.”
Sherlock braced his knees apart on the mattress and gave into his needs. Pounding into John, he almost sobbed, close to delirious with pleasure. It felt so good. John’s arse was going to be his permanent residence and it sounded like John might be on board with that plan. The doctor was stroking himself with one hand and playing with his bollocks with the other. Sherlock angled his hips a bit and found a stroke that made John’s breath hitch and his moans to grow substantially louder.
They both knew what Rosie liked, too, so soon enough, Molly had peeled and sliced a selection of fruits, filled two water bottles, and packed assorted other snacks, one of Rosie’s favourite comfort toys, just in case, and two tiny spare outfits, as well as a small baggie equipped with nitrile gloves, disinfecting cleansing wipes, doggie poop bags, and a small assortment of specimen sample containers. Even inside a winter suit, the smallest Watson could get herself revoltingly filthy in record time so Sherlock felt his preventative measures were only practical, especially if Watson ingested something toxic by accident. There were plants at the park that could be dangerous, and so he’d been making a survey of the flora they came across, dead as it was this time of year. So far, he hadn’t found anything dangerous, but he wasn’t anywhere near done his research as of today. Watson enjoyed helping him collect samples too, grubbing up leaves and tiny root samples eagerly. “A walk through the park will be good for both of us.”
asking to move back. I am a guaranteed success.”
selling the house that kept him nearly an hour away from Sherlock and was indeed moving himself and his daughter back in with him. Sherlock hadn’t anticipated such a shocking manoeuvre, “I suppose it is.”
All of John’s hours were free when he wasn’t off working. “Fine. When?”
, “John, Danny needs the flat keys back, all of them. I can’t be with him 24 hours a day, delightful as it would be, and there’s no need to make Mrs Hudson pay for a new set. You’ve got your own place, you don’t need keys to ours.”
Harry sat back, her eyes hard. “You took her back right in front of Sherlock’s entire family?
He could go to Sherlock and tell him that he was loved in return. John would make sure that his best friend
Sherlock didn’t care for it at all, considering it dry, too flavourless, and too desperate and required the accompaniment of far too many side-dishes to be worthy of any respect. He knew he was irrational about it but there it was. Sherlock wondered at John’s plans, especially when their cab brought them to the front of a high-end Asian restaurant, “They have a Christmas special, just for today, made for people like you.”
It made the others mutter, especially since most of the victims were barely teens. The only fortunate part was that the children had been harvested for their purity, so no rude hands had yet to touch them. They were rescued instead, their captors rounded up, and
The doctor made a note, “I’ll let the administration know, and I’ll stop by the nursing station to tell the Head Nurse.”
texting, and who knows
He couldn’t stop thinking of the shoes. His relationship with Sherlock remained frozen in the nascent stages of romance – no declarative statements, no definitive moves, no sassy flirtations – just two chaps who shared a flat with slightly more intimacy than two good friends might do. After a week or so, John went back to a different store and bought Sherlock very high-end sheer black stockings to go with the shoes. They were tiny, so he just stuck them in with the skirt. After another week, John went to a lingerie shop and spent a humiliating hour trying to explain that the garters weren’t for him, that they were a surprise for his partner,
He didn’t recall a lot of what happened after that. His body wasn’t responding like he was a soldier trained to offer medical assistance whilst in the field. His brain was giving conflicting commands. John needed to be able to protect and nurture his injured mate. His inner alpha needed to find someone to take its rage out on and Mary was already dead, David gone who knows where, and even if he
Sherlock was worse than any small child. John was willing to sleep through the shouting but Sherlock hurtled upstairs and charged through the door to shake John vigorously, “John, it’s Christmas. You’re supposed to be awake and doing something fancy for breakfast.”
“You have said, Doctor Watson, many times.” Sherlock stood tall, his demeanour cold and detached. John knew it was a façade. Sherlock had been ripped to pieces emotionally over the events of that painful time, and it was entirely on John’s head that the detective had suffered so, “Good day.”
Sherlock was silent, “I was. After that night I was so angry. I thought, what the hell,
“My laundry on the floor?”
John got up and went to the kitchen to make tea. He needed the loo and dreaded going in there and witnessing whatever mess Sherlock and Danny might have left behind. What he found were two sets of damp towels and a roomful of steam but that was it.
Now John’s expression was fond and filled with a strange kind of heat, “You never could, not even when you believed you were a high-functioning sociopath.” Sherlock flushed. That diagnosis could never apply to him, not any longer. He had emotions, the full spectrum of them, and he was feeling most of them right then. “What should we do then, John?”
Sherlock couldn’t tolerate the idea of going back to the flat. Instead, he went right for one of his old hiding places, pulled out a spare kit, and administered his solution as soon as he could. In the wee hours of the morning he stumbled home, his transport on autopilot, his mind a blank, his heart a hollow shell. Mrs Hudson let him in, and with soft words got him back upstairs and into bed. She petted his curls and kissed his temple before leaving him to sleep himself out.
“Yes, that, more,” moaned John. He was then pushed flat onto the bed with Sherlock kneeling over him, “Yes.”
“Him, obviously, you idiot! That omega slut slapped me!” Mary was spitting mad, “What kind of breeder does that?” She wasn’t even bothering to ask Sherlock directly. John had witnessed this kind of prejudice before and had never tolerated the bigoted presumption that gender somehow affected a person’s ability to be intelligent.
the one that made you stop. It’s
“I hate you,” exclaimed John.
“John, no! John, I love you! John! Don’t leave me, I can’t bear it.” Mary was crying now, and it didn’t improve her appeal one jot. Ignoring them both, John pulled out his army duffle and stuffed it with all his clothing. He had a single rolling suitcase, and he filled that with all his memorabilia and other sentimental items. There was no reason to think he could trust her to leave his possessions unharmed. John left behind everything that he’d shared with Mary and left the suburbs as Mary screeched at him on the streets still wearing only her robe. The neighbours got an eyeful of David trying to pull her back inside, a small towel around his hips, and all of them looked uncomfortable when they realized what the situation was. Suddenly, John wasn’t being glared at by anyone, they were all staring at Mary and David.
gone out last night, but he was just as certainly
The next day was busy. John was a bit surprised to see that it was Mycroft coming to collect him along with Danny, Sherlock, and a small host of Mycroft’s people. The elder Holmes greeted John briefly before signalling his crew to begin before returning to the interior of the vehicle and remaining there. There was an overabundance of hands to help, at any rate. It took them only a few minutes to fit all the containers the small lorries they’d also brought, packing all the humans into the car before their short procession ended up at 221 B Baker Street. While John directed things from the street, he noticed a vehicle parked down the lane, the driver openly watching their every move.
The world’s only consulting detective was tearing his hair out, literally. Danny grasped his hands and pulled them forcibly away from his scalp, “Stop,” he pleaded.
Mycroft was disgusted. “He’s not a slave, Sherlock, I thought you preferred a more independent mate?”
Later that morning, they received a visitor. Lestrade had made a large breakfast, most of which sat uneaten, and was therefore available to offer to his ex-landlady. “Oh, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson hugged him tightly to her, “Eat up, love, and come home. I need you to come with me.”
John felt his heart begin to shatter. Sherlock clutched his chest and looked up at John in astonishment. The alpha stared back, “You felt that?”
Sherlock’s little test had triggered John’s basic instincts. The soldier sat and paid attention to all the many things that were in sharp focus around him. He could smell the shelf dust that Sherlock seemed to cherish, and the wood soap that Mrs Hudson used on the old furniture. Without needing to turn his head, John knew exactly where Sherlock was within their rooms, taking in the location of that mouth-watering source of the smell that said home and mine in the most possessive way possible. “You have to work early in the morning, John, you ought to get some sleep.”
“Really?” John asked, “It looks like you’re fucking your ex-boyfriend in
Tonight was the beginning of the end. John knew that the moment Sherlock saw what he had successfully hidden all these years, the budding romance between them would be over. Sherlock was tall, beautiful, and had a proper adult-size penis. John’s doctoring skills had given him many chances over the years to personally witness Sherlock’s seldom used organ. The man wasn’t interested in sex, generally, and it had come as a surprise to John to learn that not only did Sherlock love him, but the man wanted to be in a romantic relationship with John – one that included sex.
It was clear that John’s military background had heavily influenced the interior décor he’d chosen. It was dark, rich, and very masculine inside the house. There was a small telly in one room, but Sherlock had never cared to watch shows or the news. He found a small library that was mostly filled with medical books and journals, and for his remaining time alone, Sherlock read his way through some of them, making notations in pencil along the columns whenever he found an inaccuracy.
Sherlock felt another pair of arms encircle him and knew that Lestrade was there. He wasn’t ashamed of his tears. He was hurt,
to get things done.”
body slave. He is not for anyone but me. If I find that you’ve helped yourself to so much as another glimpse of him, I will terminate your position with this clinic instantly and you will never find work in London again. Do you understand? The law is entirely on my side, so don’t test me, Nurse. Leave. Now.”
John put his own hand directly over Sherlock’s to compare, “Look at that!” Sherlock seemed to have frozen solid, not breathing, not twitching. He was staring at John’s hand on his and John nearly jerked it away except that he was just close enough now to watch as Sherlock’s eyes dilate and for his nostrils to flare. The tiny gasp was unsuccessfully stifled and Sherlock leaned toward John in the smallest possible way.
who smells of a multitude of sexual partners cannot be expected to know the protocols of decency. Tell me, does your beta husband know that you shag other betas in exchange for fares or is he under the impression that you are faithful to your marriage vows and not taking advantage of his comparative nose-deafness when you come home reeking of them?”
. No one knows exactly how it got there, there is speculation but no actual proof. It could have happened any number of ways, we’ll never know for certain. Imagine, John, all this just sitting in what amounted to a hole in the ground, and who knows for how long? I mean yes, you can date the objects by their material and form but that’s not what I mean. How did it all come to be together? There are so many places these things came from and yet here they are, siblings from the same nest of mystery. It’s marvellous.”
if he had to.
John looked uncomfortable now, and Sherlock realized that he had not reacted in any clear positive or negative manner. The soldier continued, obviously reluctant but also determined, “That’s what I’d hoped.” John cut his eyes at Danny, clearing his throat, “Rosie and I could perhaps stay in the basement flat since my old room is occupied. I haven’t asked Mrs Hudson yet, I thought, well, I thought it would be better to ask you if it was a problem.”
“I’m not here to breed you, Sherlock, I’m here to help you through your heat.” John knew that Sherlock would be feeling empty, desperate to be filled by someone. He quickly found an alpha sized dildo and slicked it heavily with artificial lubricant. As soon as he approached Sherlock flipped himself over, and presented his arse, “No, love, I’m not doing it for you, you have to do it yourself.”
“Your resources could fill an Olympic sized swimming pool and mine might fill up half of a cooking pot,” retorted John.
Danny smiled at Sherlock, his eyes warm and filled with even more interest, “A room, you were saying?”
Kisses resumed and caresses followed, and sometime after that, the Boys of Baker Street retired to John’s room to continue with their explorations. It got a bit noisy but they didn’t receive any complaints, least of all from their landlady who just stayed in her rooms and enjoyed another herbal soother. “Happy Christmas, my boys.” Mrs Hudson took one last drag before going back to bed, “This is the best present you could have ever gotten one another.” There was silence after that, a contented happy one, and all was good.
For a horrible moment, all the monitors in the room produced a single flat note. Sherlock’s heart had stopped. John felt faint as if a gaping chasm had opened in his soul because his mate was technically dead. The doctors scrambled to restart it, succeeding one long minute later, and the ache in John’s chest burned like new fire. He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s ear, whispering words of devotion and love, making promises to his beloved omega, recklessly swearing to never clean the fridge again unless Sherlock said it was okay, and that he’d allow as much dust as Sherlock wanted to accumulate in the flat without a word of protest, or how he’d take all of Sherlock’s clothing to the dry cleaners instead of throwing most of it in the wash with his clothes. John was willing to promise anything at all if it meant Sherlock would just stay.
Mycroft’s response was swift, “Yes. Unequivocally
going to cheat on Mary. That it was Eurus I was thinking about, even though I didn’t know it was her, doesn’t matter. It could have been anyone, your point still stands. I was a married man and I wasn’t being coerced into behaving as I did. I wanted to step out on my wife. I made a promise to her, a vow, and it shouldn’t matter how she behaved or how she acted; my vow and my word are
John kept his eyes closed, his hands clutching Sherlock’s shoulders as he lifted and dropped himself, swirling his hips, or pressing down to force Sherlock’s cock deeper. “You have a nice cock too, not too big, not too thick, just right. I like how flared your head is, it feels so good right here.” John was making small circles, hitting the same point inside himself with loud enjoyment. “Hold my hips, keep me down, I want to work for it.” Sherlock did as instructed grasping John’s wriggling hips to keep him still. John fought it happily, his hard cock swaying back and forth as he bucked and twisted.
you ask?” John’s feeling of shame and wrong-footedness were physical. He was going to be ill. Mycroft sniffed contemptuously as he continued, “Sherlock was forced to fake his own death or watch everyone he cared about be killed right in front of him. That number included
John was practically dragging Sherlock toward the loo, and for the first time all night, his friend wasn’t trying to slow him down. Bare arsed, they raced to the shower. Sherlock turned it on so that tepid water rained down, “This is what I find sexiest, John.” John shrugged.
Gasping for air, Sherlock took the stairs two at a time, recklessly rushing away before the first tear spilt. He made it to the front door and yanked it open but not before someone caught him up and shoved it closed, “Sherlock!” It was John. Humiliated and mortified, Sherlock could not keep his tears inside. Quietly, they ran down his cheek just as John made him turn around, “Oh, Sherlock.” He couldn’t look at John, not now when his world was destroyed all over again and the people who had killed him were dancing on his grave. John sounded horrified when he said, “Oh,
when he was at his most emotionally and physically vulnerable, then came here, and asked that I give you a place to stay while you make plans to run away some more. Is that all?”
Sherlock smiled down at him, his face both fond and proud, “Yes, you are.”
“I have to go but I can walk with you both to the park? How about you get her ready to go out and I’ll pack her outing bag?”
John seemed to spend his personal time getting ready for Sherlock’s next round of ailments, and slept upstairs when he slept at all. He wore the same three outfits repeatedly, and Sherlock realized John had nothing else to put on. It disturbed him to realize he hadn’t even noticed until now. He wasn’t even certain how long John had been staying with him.
apologetic about his
John is trying to do the right thing but he can't seem to manage it.
“No. They are definitely John’s though, as you
“She’s married to a woman, Sherlock. Her spouse is a Mrs Amy Hoffman, of the
John went from
“That depends, Danny.” Mycroft indicated the handful of soft comfortable chairs that occupied a corner of the room, “Sit. Go on, Danny, make yourself comfortable.” They did as they were bid, Sherlock less happy about occupying a single seat by himself than he would care to admit. Mycroft poured them all a glass of scotch. “Tell me
, John didn’t really want for money, but their friendship was greatly strained for a large number of unaddressed reasons, yet John wasn’t willing to outright declare that they were through.  An additional handful of minor cases were solved before John reminded Sherlock that he had to spend more quality time with his child, needlessly pointing out that he was raising his tiny daughter alone, and not needing to explain further that there was no way
“Well, here’s me beating John’s record,” now Danny winked at Sherlock, “Who is John?”
“I’m leaving.” Sherlock turned to go once more but for the second time, Mrs Hudson had his wrist in her startlingly firm grip. He whispered, “Please, I beg you, just let me go!”
Sherlock had risked his life and career helping his country. He was owed so much and hadn’t asked for anything more than what it had taken to make life easier for John.
. Sherlock was thankful for the length of his arms and his overall flexibility when he managed to reach behind and pull John’s pyjama bottoms down just enough to free his long penis. Sherlock shivered as the heat of it was amplified by skin-to-skin contact. Retracting his hand, he sucked on three fingers, soaking them in saliva before reaching back to touch himself. With determination, Sherlock pressed his fingers inside himself. It stung at first, but the thought of what he was about to do made him reckless. Spitting on his fingers a second time, Sherlock made himself as wet and loose as possible. A third round of saliva was gingerly rubbed over John’s cockhead before Sherlock carefully placed the now slick head of it against his own anus and pushed back.
“Yes, John, my sweet little man, look at how pretty you are.” Sherlock bucked his hips and for a moment, their pricks brushed against each other. Sherlock’s moan of appreciation was mostly a deep rumble. He knelt back and used his hand to push their erections together. Carefully, Sherlock lined them up side-by-side and rocked his hips so that he was fucking his shaft over John’s. His cock was easily twice, or even more, longer than John’s, and it was as thick as Sherlock’s wrist. It was a monster compared to John’s petiteness.
John nodded.
antsier and crankier than ever, “Well if one gets dirty you have a spare to wear.”
Dinner was served, an army of waitstaff flowing around the tables in grand synchronicity. John spent a good deal of time chatting with his new acquaintances, and pretended to sip at his soup, and pushed his food around his plate, eating only a few mouthfuls before he had to stop. His stomach was roiling with upset, and he knew he had to calm himself down. He’d taken all his medication earlier, but it was doing nothing for him. Sherlock’s proximity was unnerving him, and all the emotions he’d tried unsuccessfully to deal with through therapy began to swirl and storm around inside him.
“Shower. Sleep. Think. Do.” Harry’s older sister voice was just as compelling as it had ever been so John tottered off to wash the day away.
John laughed outright, wiping away the tears that fell down his cheek and into his smile, “It’s as breath-taking as it ever was. Fixing it took some fancy manoeuvres in OR, or so I read about after. They wouldn’t let me in to assist or even watch, but I was allowed to be in charge of the aftercare.” John explained the muscular and organ damage that Sherlock had experienced, not hiding a single step from his genuinely fascinated flatmate. Sherlock was grateful that John didn’t talk down to him during the rundown of procedures. He just laid out the facts, making sure to include every single gruesome detail so that Sherlock knew everything possible that had happened to his transport while he was unconscious. It was beyond a miracle that Sherlock had an arse left at all, or that it had already nearly completely healed with no trace of the injury expected to remain permanently.
“Yes, dear, you must. Right now.” Mrs Hudson stood up, “Come on, boys. I’m not getting younger, you know.” By sheer force of personality, Mrs Hudson managed to make Sherlock get his Belstaff, and put on his shoes. The detective was followed by his brother, as well as Lestrade, and all of them were soon on the road, heading to central London and 221 B Baker Street.
can’t. It’s…complicated.” Sherlock scowled at the reluctance in his brother’s voice and it was as if Mycroft could sense the negative expression, “I’ve made assurances, Sherlock, promises. Lives hinge on me keeping my word.”
Right at that moment, he realized how much he absolutely adored his friend. Sherlock was so amazing, so fantastic, so captivating, John couldn’t tear his eyes off of him, “You can sit if you’re staying.”
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock’s cheeks were redder than his blusher could be credited for now and John’s heart began thumping.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate and John almost drew himself away. “I think that bigger isn’t necessarily better. Some people prefer a more…condensed model. Your hands are a better size to accomplish things that require great dexterity.” John smiled when Sherlock slowly turned his hand over, allowing their fingers to stroke past each other before keeping his hand, palm up, beneath John’s. “You are very good with your hands, John. I’ve long admired what you are capable of doing with them.”
Once he was perfectly comfortable and awaiting the incoming cup of tea that John was brewing, Sherlock began to research gay sex. He looked at diagrams and made mental notes. He read product reviews on lubricants and searched forums about how to prepare his partner to have a very stiff cock stuffed up his bum. It was very educational and much of it was already familiar to Sherlock, thanks to the nightmare. He promised himself to make this the most amazing sexual experience of John’s life, and that it would have nothing in common with their first time together inside Sherlock’s head.
A long thin finger forced John to raise his gaze to meet Sherlock’s, “Don’t do this, John. This is not what I want from you, not what I want for us.”
Leading the way back to the kitchen, Sherlock seemed to almost chatter as he explained how he’d determined the spectrum of vitamins and minerals and so forth that they each needed to consume in order to retain optimal health, and had further examined various dishes that they could consume that would provide them with said components, “Roasting was very easy. Everything fit into one pan. Convenient, I say.”
The words just rolled off of John’s tongue as if he said them every day, as if they were words he heard often, and was comfortable with them. Sherlock was shocked to his core because it was true. He did intensely dislike eggnog at the moment and he did indeed love John so he agreed by merely saying, “I stand corrected.” Sherlock heaved himself up, stuffed a pillow behind his back, and took the cup of tea from John.
Shouting woke him up, “John! You got me tissue samples! How did you know?” John was only partially awake but he smiled at the pure joy in Sherlock’s voice. What a strange life he had when providing another man various severed human hands, an ankle, several toes, and someone’s left elbow would constitute a Christmas worthy treat? “John are you up? You should get up! John?”
After several hours, Sherlock finally felt tired enough that he thought he might able to rest. He tapped out his current location to Anthea, and a short time later, a discrete black car parked near him, ready to bring him back to his current home. Anthea was there, a stack of files in one arm, and her mobile in her free hand, “Mr Holmes would like you to know that Detective Inspector Lestrade was called in to remove Doctor Watson from the
Without ado, Sherlock stripped down to his vest and pants after he made his way to John’s bedroom. The bed was a double but the two of them were still closer to one another than they’d been in a long time, “I haven’t been with anyone since...well, since, I mean...”
once more. Mycroft had offered to let their parents stay at his townhouse for the season and Sherlock had already had dinner with them once this week, and that’s all of his time that he was willing to give up at the moment. There was only so much of Mycroft’s chewing that he could endure before attempted fratricide occurred. Staying at his flat alone was the best gift Sherlock could give those closest to him.
John was still using his crutch and almost fell over when Donovan stepped into the room. “Watson?” She looked back and forth between them, “Glad you worked things out.” She didn’t pause and simply turned to speak to Sherlock, “We got the call, and I’ve been sent ‘round to take your statement. Care to tell us what happened?”
John left the bed after kissing Sherlock one more time. He came back a minute later with hot damp flannels. He used them to clean Sherlock off front and back before going back to the washroom to clean himself. As soon as he was done, both Sherlock and John fixed their pyjamas and snuggled together under the blankets, both men lost in thought. “I didn’t expect sex.” John stated, his arms loosely holding Sherlock to him, “That was a bit of a surprise.”
Sherlock seduced John that very same night, not that he had to try very hard to win the alpha over. They’d been denied for so long that it only took a single passionate kiss before John was being led willingly to the bedroom where Sherlock spent hours indulging his sexual curiosity upon the eager body of his mate. John had no complaints, not when he got to enjoy the sight and sensation of his beautiful lover impaling himself upon John’s massive cock, writhing on it, and coming on it repeatedly. Sherlock rode John with a recklessness that the alpha had never thought to experience, Sherlock’s body accepting him as if they were made to fit one another. When John finally was allowed to come, both men were greatly satisfied with the tremendous mess left behind. Sherlock nearly purred as he rubbed their combined emissions all over himself and John.
on. “There are no narcotics in the house. I have some medications, but I know exactly how much of everything there is so if any is missing, even if it wasn’t you who took them, I will punish you. Obey me, Sherlock. I can make your life tolerable or an endless misery. Say thank you.”
John stayed. In the hours and days that followed, he stayed, listening to Sherlock haltingly confess his nightmare. He had to do so in small pieces, the whole story far too unsettling to speak out loud all at once. He told John between meals, after his check-up, after his last intake of meds for the day, or whenever they could be alone together for a minute or two. John was many times upset, both because of what Sherlock had thought he had experienced and also because it had been
“Oh, fine. Give John his keys back, my darling, I’ll get Mrs Hudson to arrange a new set for you.” John swallowed hard and looked downcast as Sherlock used an endearment.
He’d had enough. “I’m done,” Sherlock declared. He
“Sherlock!” It was Mycroft. He was standing in the doorway, his eyes fixed on his hysterical younger brother. His voice was soft in a way John had never heard, full of tender concern and support, “I’m here, Billy, I’m here.” John had never heard the nickname before and wondered about it.
“It’s the law, sir!” Sherlock growled angrily, and the official began furtively moving his hand toward a panic button, and now John intervened.
John was always a mystery because he was smiling fondly up at Sherlock, not at all upset or uncertain looking, not anymore, “They love you, but not as much as I do. So? Will you marry me, Sherlock, and let me wear your ring so that anyone who sees me knows that I’m good and taken?”
. John snorted because it was completely like Sherlock’s brother to be keeping security at the ready. He shrugged and ignored the spy. A few minutes later, the vehicle containing donations trundled off after the vehicle containing John’s things, followed by a final vehicle containing only humans.
shade of red and the ankle bits were wide ribbons.”
John’s fists clenched an unclenched until they finally hung at his side, unmoving. He made no move to lash back at Danny, wordlessly accepting everything, denying nothing.
“John, as Rosie’s god-father, it falls to me to assist providing her with life’s necessities. If it’s a home you need, even if you decide it’s just temporary, then, of course, I will agree.” Sherlock didn’t add that he would be beyond thrilled to have John right on hand, to see and to observe once again, even if their living situation
Suddenly, he couldn’t be back on Baker Street fast enough. Something in his chest tugged at him, filling him with anxiety. He needed to get back to the flat right that instant. The cab ride to Baker Street seemed to take forever. John still had the keys, but he didn’t need them. The door was ajar, so he let himself in, his nerves instantly on edge as something compelled him to bound up the stairs as fast and as silently as he could. John sniffed the air carefully. He quickly recognised the mouth-watering and intoxicating scent of Sherlock-as-an-omega but there was more!
, but you’ve done other things, haven’t you, things that you don’t want to admit have crossed a line between respectable friendship and ... something else?” Sherlock walked to the door and put his coat on, shrugging himself into it without even an ounce of flair. He wasn’t trying to make an impression, he just wanted to be somewhere that didn’t hurt him so much. This was worse than the night he’d come back to London in time to watch John begin to propose to Mary. Even after she’d shot Sherlock in the heart, John had chosen her. He kept choosing
Task complete, John went back upstairs to put the real presents down. All of them were the same dimensions as their fake counterparts, the wrapping done the exact same way for all. John consulted the photo he’d taken and made sure he arranged everything exactly as Sherlock had seen last, even how John’s present had been knocked carelessly over. It was late by the time he was done, so he tucked the small tray of disarticulated body parts he’d retrieved from the basement chest freezer unit into the fridge where Sherlock would find them in the morning, and went to bed.
He thought for a while longer. For so many years he’d denied himself something he’d loved for ages, all for the sake of a conditional promise of inclusion in an honest profession, and to keep the respect of a man who in the end did not respect him in return. Kneeling, Sherlock prised up a single board and extracted a long narrow black lacquered box. Inside was everything he needed to make it through the next few days and a single hand-moulded tablet. Altering his personal chemistry was a dangerous crutch, but it was better than his alternative, which was simply dying. John was the uncaring possessor of a particular organ of Sherlock’s, one that he really could not do without. He’d have to jury rig a way, and
Danny’s shout was as deep and loud as Sherlock’s had been, and if it wasn’t his name that was cried, well, it hardly
“Such a good boy, well I’m off now, beautiful. I’m trusting you to be good, don’t disappoint me.” John gave Sherlock a long and lingering kiss, fondling his backside boldly, reaching beneath the thin fabric of his pyjama bottoms to grip and squeeze the ample flesh, and to prod at the plug to make it shift uncomfortably. “Kiss my cock goodbye.”
you recall this conversation, I hope you remember that I would humbly accept
John was entirely uncomfortable handling his late wife’s things. He’d felt so many emotions when she had passed away, clutched in his arms, her life’s blood spilling out and staining their clothes
. He felt disgusted with himself for being so idiotically blind, “They didn’t have enough time to break in anywhere and hide, they’re outside somewhere. Keep checking.”
Mycroft sighed, “The man is reported to have a gun-shot scar on his left shoulder. It’s not entirely unlikely that another soldier sustained a wound similar to John’s but it’s all I’ve found so far. It could be nothing.”
, “Yes. Come along, Danny.” There was something about this man that he liked, and Sherlock wanted to discover exactly what that was. They left the park together, their bodies closer to one another than strangers ought to be comfortable with, but neither man made any effort to move further apart.
A fortnight later, it escalated. They’d solved three cases in that time, moving seamlessly from one engagement to another, always working around John’s commitments with care. It made the work go slower but it was a low enough price to pay for having John back again. They came back late one night, silent but triumphant. John went straight into the shower, and soon enough, Sherlock was right outside, ear pressed to the wood, his hand already moving. He kept pace with John and was surprised to find that he was panting softly as John came. He ghosted himself to his bedroom, stifling his noises into a pillow as he fucked his fist roughly, and came in his own hand while he thought of John wet and naked. Initially, Sherlock was shocked at the intensity of pleasure he’d experienced, then he was upset that he’d given into his primal urges. When it kept happening, Sherlock grew resigned to his body’s betrayal and began to just enjoy the orgasms without judging himself.
Sherlock didn’t sweep in the way he might of in the past. Instead, the consulting detective entered the room almost meekly, glancing around quickly, but saying nothing about the less than warm surroundings. Standing beside John’s sagging sofa, Sherlock cleared his throat and nervously looked down at his fingers, “John, I...”
John knew he was over-protective but they’d learned that his late-fake-ex-wife had worked for Moriarty and that Moriarty himself had been a player for a larger concerned who Mycroft would only identify via his initials, C.A.M, a person of interest who mysteriously was found murdered at his own residence via a shot right through his brain. David had also been caught but had also been spirited away. What happened to him, the pair could not bring themselves to care about. John didn’t question it and neither did Sherlock, though the omega was greatly disgruntled that Mycroft had sent in sleeper agents who bore a striking resemblance to both he and John. That person had ended up being charged with murder, but at Sherlock’s insistence, the punishment had been relatively light. The agent was sent out of the country, back to his homeland where a new identity and new life awaited him.
Sherlock laughed damply, wiping his nose with a tissue before getting a fresh one and mopping the tears from his eyes, “I’ve never been such a weeper.”
“Six feet.”
How could John deny Sherlock time with his own family, “No, ignore this. I’ll be fine. It was just a surprise.” A surprise that was going to make him sick again in a moment. He’d have to see Mycroft, he was certain, and probably other family members who would know how awful John had been before.
, brother.” Sherlock got the picture. He didn’t need more descriptive prose about it. He was extremely tired now. Without meaning to, Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed once more. This time, however, he felt completely at peace, safe and relaxed. He slept a deeply healing sleep for the first time in a long time.
“John, I’m hurting you again. How do I stop hurting you?” Sherlock sank deeper into his bed, covering his face with trembling hands for a long moment. He let them fall and looked up at John, his eyes full of confusion. “Yes. I felt it. It was like all the warmth in the world was draining away. For a moment, I knew I’d never feel true happiness ever again.”
Sherlock whimpered in pain. John had no mercy in him, spreading Sherlock’s blood-reddened arse cheeks wide before forcing his hard cock inside. Sherlock couldn’t scream any more, but he wept and tried to struggle as John took him harshly. His master fucked him roughly, not slowing at all until he ejaculated almost silently. When he was done, he forced Sherlock to kneel once more, tying his wrists to his ankles, “You will sit there while I finish my night’s rest. This is far from over, pet.”
Mycroft paused to consider what would hurt him the least, upsetting one of his peers or his volatile and devious brother, especially when he was backed by an equally angry appearing and possibly mildly physically threatening new boyfriend. “Very well, but I will meet you out front in ten minutes, we may as well just go.”
. John knew he’d practically invited Sherlock to make those last steps toward the complete severance of their friendship.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft began.
“What kinds of things?” John’s body was so warm, even through the layers of wool and cotton. Sherlock immediately began to calculate the potential increase of heat with every layer removed.
“Not yet, John Watson.” Sherlock’s voice was deep and he sounded almost drunk, “I’ve got you in my bed at long last and I demand to experience Three Continents Watson for myself.”
He’d given John Watson everything, so since it was over, Sherlock Holmes planned to take
Danny sat forward and stared hard into Sherlock’s eyes, his face hard and filled with mistrust, “How do you know these things, Sherlock?
“Indeed,” Sherlock seemed to relax, losing the tension he’d been carrying since the envelope had been delivered, “How shall I RSVP?”
He wasn’t worth a minute of Sherlock’s time but for some reason, the omega doted on him and John could never allow himself to forget it. No matter how worthless he considered himself, Sherlock needed him to be there, to exist for him. John had let Sherlock down so many times that he couldn’t let himself fail again. Instead, John used up some of his time making a plate to take to Sherlock for a late dinner, did some of the chores for the flat, especially doing the washing up. Their laundry was piled up, so John sorted it out into heaps and made a mental note to do more with it when he next returned to the flat. One bit at a time, John sorted their flat out, and in doing so, calmed all his inner turmoil as he finally felt the tension that had been building ease. Smiling to himself, John sighed and reminded himself that things could have gone horribly wrong and that it would be remiss of him to regret anything that had happened. It had been a rough ride, but knowing he would be coming back home with Sherlock on his arm soon was enough to make his smile turn into an excited grin. With one final glance to see that all was right in their home, John collected up some amusements for his bored mate and departed.
No one with money believed that a thirty-seven-year-old man was verifiably a virgin, and since that was his only saleable feature, Sherlock had been sent to the block three separate times at three different auctions. He wasn’t certain how long he’d been in captivity, long enough for his memories to grow dull and vague, possibly because of the
Peering through the crack between door and frame, Sherlock tried to deduce the smartly dressed person who was so deeply engaged in conversation with John. He was smiling, laughing a bit, and Sherlock burned with the need to know exactly what was going on between the two of them.
John saw red, and nothing could stop him, especially when the intruder spat out the words, “Fuck off, short-arse, this wet cunt is mine.” The man raised his fist, clearly readying himself to strike Sherlock once again, possibly attempting to render him unconscious so that he didn’t prevent the newer alpha from getting what he wanted.
man. His brilliance was virtually unmatched, his natural skills honed to a fine edge through rigorous study and endless self-improvement. He was also abrasive, blunt, insensitive, dismissive,
. Now he was being roasted in a hell of his own making.
“It’s all completely healed,” Mycroft said reassuringly, “
Sherlock led John to his kitchen chair and made him a cup of tea. While John drank it down, Sherlock set about packing John up. “The movers will come round tomorrow and pick up the books and your bags. We’ll take the overnight with us back to Baker Street. Mrs Hudson has the bed made up for us in our room.”
John found it easy and even comforting to simply respond to a clear directive. All the choices were out of his hands and he could simply relax. Nothing could be his fault because he was incapable of instigating independent thought. It’s what was best for Sherlock, and therefore what was best for John. Carefully, John fit his few clothes into Sherlock’s well-packed wardrobe and even managed to gently shift items in Sherlock’s dresser over just enough to make room for his pants and socks. He then stood in the room, waiting for a new order.
Sherlock got a text from John politely asking if Sherlock could possibly come by at a time that was most convenient for him. Sherlock agreed, but only after telling John that Danny would be coming with him. It took a few minutes before a following text from John acknowledged it. It was late in the afternoon when John greeted Sherlock and Danny, leading them into his oddly barren house. Danny was holding Sherlock’s hand and John was pretending he couldn’t see it. Sherlock found John’s now-obvious jealousy very revealing and recalled the many occasions he’d felt similar emotions when greeted with John’s newest female companion. He wanted to be the better man, but he was just childish enough to feel a faintly malicious delight knowing that John was suffering. “So, John, what’s going on?”
John looked grey and washed out, “Yeah, working cases with each other.” He seemed lost for a moment, “Well, I suppose you have needed a new assistant.”
Dark blue eyes looked up at him and then down, slowly. Sherlock grinned when the soldier paused deliberately when looking at Sherlock’s crotch. The other soldiers were sniggering and already elbowing each other, “Go on, doc, get some!”
“He will hate me. After all this time, how I walked away so completely...he will hate me.”
John’s head was spinning.
and at the very bottom, nearly hidden in the pattern, was the name
Sherlock dropped his fork and clutched his chest, gasping for air, “Sherlock! What’s wrong? Swallow something wrong? Panic attack? Heart attack? Sherlock!”
“Leave Miss Morstan to me, Doctor Watson. As far as she will know, you will be out of London on a medical emergency for a minimum of two weeks. Sherlock’s heat is unexpected and likely to be fraught with difficulties. His internal body chemistry is highly unstable and has been since he was force-bonded, and the suppressants he took while he was gone have done him no favours. Do not take this lightly, John Watson! My brother’s life and sanity are in your hands.”
“Maybe I’ll get lucky, and I’ll see you again.” The soldier winked and took one last kiss, rudely fingering Sherlock’s aching mess of a hole one last time, “You win. You’re the best shag I’ve ever had. I admit it, no one will ever be as good as you.”
Today was the first time the doctor got called away to have a flirtatious chat with his newest conquest in front of Doctor Hooper, who had dropped by for a minute to give him birthday wishes. She visited Sherlock regularly, mostly because of Rosie, but occasionally, just for Sherlock, though it was a rare happening. John had barely gotten through the door before he let go of a small overnight bag, turned on his heel chuckling at his mobile as his big winter boots left a trail of muck behind him. He didn’t ask if things were okay or if his leaving his child behind again was convenient. Sherlock was with a go-to-relief person that John approved of, the only witness to how strained things were between them now. Molly had practically raised Rosie on her own immediately after Mary passed, and she didn’t mind at all taking the girl for the odd afternoon or even overnight if John required it.
“It’s under heavy electronic surveillance and is fenced, besides.” Mycroft looked at his brother, “You can’t just break in like you did before. There’s no easy way to break in, not without giving them days of advanced notice. I’m positive they have an escape route installed and I’d rather not allow them to disappear with all the evidence before we find John. We must proceed with caution.”
, John, and you took care of yourself. You don’t now. You’re not as deeply inside your submissive headspace as you were but you aren’t out either. Instead of helping you, Sherlock is using you.”
girlfriends!” John protested and knew it was the wrong thing to say the moment he said it.
Sherlock cut her off, “Please inform my brother of my predicament. He will send someone with clothing for me.” She blushed, and nodded, leaving just as Doctor Coates arrived, “Good morning.”
He woke early in the morning, flat on his belly the way he normally slept because John was extracting his plug, “Pull your leg up.” Sherlock obeyed, pulling his left leg up toward his chest as John fit his own body tight against Sherlock’s back. “Good boy.” John wasted no time replacing the plug with his penis, not giving Sherlock any time to wake up or respond. He pumped vigorously for almost twenty minutes, huffing and groaning his selfish pleasure, stabbing Sherlock’s sore hole with his thick cock without care for the additional pain he was causing. “This is just perfect, this is just what I need to start my day.” John seemed to enjoy laying on top of Sherlock, his hips moving with unhurried motions as he used Sherlock’s body. “Mmm, this is so nice. You are so tight, I really like this.”
Sherlock’s face looked soft for a brief second, “Thank you, Mycroft. I’m sure he will enjoy it.” John didn’t care what he ate, not anymore. If he was required to ingest food, he did. What it was didn’t matter to him anymore. All that was important was making sure that Sherlock liked it. His omega was the most important thing, the primary consideration for every activity. John was there to serve Sherlock utterly, and that was it.
Sherlock shuddered, filled with a rapture he’d never experienced, and was brought to a new high by Danny’s compliments, crude promises, and caresses. It wasn’t long before one long elegant finger was pumping deep into his arse, and he imagined having John like this, spread out beneath him. Closing his eyes, he could help but imagine what it would be like if John trusted him this much. Danny talked him through each step, explaining how Sherlock should bear down, urging Sherlock to remember to stretch his future lover thoroughly rather than risk unpleasant tears or worse. When he tensed, Danny distracted him with facts about the pros and cons of saliva vs artificial lubricant until Sherlock relaxed again. His lover demonstrated how to press and swirl the tips of his fingers, and eventually, how to slip one long digit slowly inside. After several minutes, Danny drizzled on extra lube, and worked a second finger in. It hurt deliciously, and Sherlock couldn’t wait for more.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand reassuringly, “I was very moved by every article. It’s clear that you spent a great deal of time selecting each thing, and invested a good deal of thought as well as energy in making your choices. The entire ensemble is a testimonial, a declaration perhaps?”
Sherlock just shrugged. “We’ll figure it out. It’s already the best Christmas I’ve ever had and it’s not even midnight yet.”
It began to rain. There was no place dry to hunker down that didn’t already have someone in it, and no one was inviting him to share their meagre space. It was humiliating but John searched his contacts for a number he hadn’t called in ages. “Hello, Sarah?”
Now John was confused.
“Don’t bring them up now! That’s kind of a mood killer.”
Their bodies grew warmer together, and tenderly, Sherlock turned John onto his back so that he could kiss the still mournful alpha, “I wish I could be what you need.”
gotten him.
. “I’ll look into it.” He owed his network a great deal, for many reasons.
Telling John his feelings was liberating. He knew that John loved him back, that John would always care for him, would always support him, and while things might get rocky from time to time, John would always be there for him in whatever way Sherlock might need the most. They had their entire lives in front of them, time enough to learn how to love one another in every way they could find. Sherlock was free. He was
Sherlock’s stomach roiled as he spooned his food in. He began experiencing cramps almost immediately, but they went away as his empty belly filled. When his light meal was done, Sherlock suffered to have his plug removed to see if he needed to defecate. John at least let him use the loo alone, but as soon as Sherlock was done, the doctor came in to clean him up with an additional douche. It was mortifying as well as uncomfortable, but John just whistled cheerfully as he worked, “There you are, all nice and tidy.” He made Sherlock wash off one more time in the shower but then got him back into his ill-fitting pyjamas after inserting another suppository, then made Sherlock get into bed, “I need to get up early tomorrow. I don’t care if you sleep but try not to disturb me while I rest. You will remain in bed with me unless you need the loo, in which case, use it as quickly as possible and return to my side. You are here for my pleasure, not your own, so I want you to remain beside me until I say otherwise.”
“You are,” Sherlock kissed Danny once more, letting the heat between them building until they were rutting against one another. The desire between them was simple, natural, and instinctive. His body was telling him what to do so boldly, Sherlock hauled Danny into his arms and stood, walking them to his bedroom. Danny just wound around him like a vine, his tongue still deep inside Sherlock’s mouth. It was so easy to shrug out of their pyjamas and fall into bed together. Danny’s mouth was everywhere, and his hands were devilish and teasing. Sherlock was hard once more and found that Danny responded brilliantly to being sucked. He made a mental note to purchase a larger supply of condoms soon because he planned on going through Danny’s small supply very fast. Sherlock enjoyed the flare of Danny’s cock, and suddenly, things weren’t going quickly enough. “I need you to fuck me.”
John’s heart raced as he heard a scuffle slightly off camera.
John’s eyes were closed as he glutted himself on the feel of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, but he could still feel the delicate way Sherlock’s fingers fluttered against his hair before two gentle hands cupped the back of his head.
They settled in for the duration. Detox had never been a fun process, but John made it tolerable. They still barely spoke, but they didn’t need to. John knew what Sherlock needed if it was a sip of water, or to have his brow mopped dry, or to have the sick wiped away. John had educated himself long ago on the steps required for this
Sherlock had never seen lovelier so he bent down again, this time to kiss John tenderly once on each cheek. “Take me to bed, John.”
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond to that, either. The doubt had been one of the crueller aspects of their separation. John
Sherlock was lonely. Christmas was a time for family and friends except that Sherlock’s relationship with his family was at best,
to make that promise, a
found himself hoping that he had and then chided himself for having thoughts about it at all. It wasn’t his business if they showered together or not, it just wasn’t. Goodness knew that John had showered with his temporary girlfriends more than once when Sherlock had been at the flat, again, there was nothing to compare between then and now.
“Violet,” stammered John.
“I mean, I plan on roasting a fowl for dinner tomorrow but according to this online video I watched, I need to practice trussing it correctly so that the legs and wings…”
He went back downstairs and went to his room. He wasn’t entirely sure why he’d just told John to do this but somehow, he knew he’d made the correct choice. Sherlock hadn’t forgiven John, and wouldn’t forget what had happened, but the doctor’s words at the dinner table had had a certain impact that he couldn’t define yet. He heard John descending from his room and leaving the flat. Perhaps he’d be back, perhaps he’d stay away. Sherlock closed his eyes and willed himself to sleep. It was impossible to keep thinking and feeling at the same time.
scones that someone made with their
but the pleasure he felt was fleeting. John had hurt Sherlock similarly hundreds of times since he’d returned from The Fall and had never once tried to make up for it. Sherlock had been snubbed and blanked in between taking care of Rosie. Lately, they never spent time together doing anything except handing over possession of John’s daughter. It had been that way for ages now as John distanced himself deliberately from Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped talking and seemed to grow smaller once again, hunching in on himself as if wanting to hide away before he finally stiffened his spine, inhaled deeply before exhaling gustily, and looked at John directly, “John, there is something we have never discussed, and I feel that I require that conversation. “You know very well that I am not as…stable…as I perhaps used to be. It’s all a matter of degrees, at any rate, everyone has always thought I was a bit mad. Now, I think I rather am, but in a lucid sort of way.” Sherlock laughed self-deprecatingly, “I’m not making a very good case for myself.”
“I wouldn’t settle for such a disappointment,” rumbled Sherlock, “I don’t know an omega who would. I needed something
Sherlock hefted him right back onto his feet, reaching for the taps as he did so. “I’m turning the hot water completely off, you’re still feverish.”
“It really is Christmas.” John laughed softly before stepping back, drawing Sherlock after him as he walked to Sherlock’s room.
Sherlock felt he ought to be grateful for whatever crumbs John tossed his way. The rift his false suicide had created was hardly closed, and the stress-fractures caused by the trials Eurus had put them through were ready to split at the slightest pressure. John was rightfully angry with Sherlock for so many reasons, and Sherlock understood his new role in their universe and accepted the terseness, the constant anger, the coldness,
he got clean didn’t matter. At least he’d be away from everyone he knew, “I don’t care anymore.”
John was aghast. He had been so worried about himself that he hadn’t even thought of how his body language would translate to someone like Sherlock, “No, that’s absolutely not what the problem is. You are gorgeous. You are just so...beautiful. I want to have you a thousand different ways, so, trust me, that’s not it.”
“What are you doing, Sherlock?” she asked, “You’re dating someone you don’t know, living with him…”
“Never say that, John.” Sherlock kissed the back of John’s head, “You are worth everything, to me. I love you, John Watson. I’m sorry for making you feel anything negative, it was not my intention. I was just…frustrated. I missed you right away. I should have texted, I should have called. Every minute we were apart felt like punishment. I’m the one who doesn’t deserve you, my John. You have done so much to make me happy and all I’ve done in return is make you feel unworthy.” One large hand began to drift up and down John’s arm, “I always need you, my John, always. You are my strength, my resolve, my reason for being.”
John had the grace to flush, “No, but it doesn’t hurt to be polite. She’s a long-time fan. She’s interested in what we do.”
“Be very clear.”
A great deal needed to happen first. The doctors kept Sherlock in the hospital for a full month before they reluctantly allowed him to return back to Baker Street, and even then, they arranged a flotilla of private nurses to rotate in and out of the flat to ensure that Sherlock was receiving the best care, and not wearing John beyond his abilities. It took a frustrating month more before those visits trickled down to a single visit per day, and two weeks more before Sherlock was declared healed enough to partake in light activities. He hadn’t wasted the time.
When he was done, John sat on the edge of the bed, staring at Sherlock as he slept. Suddenly, John felt supremely guilty for removing all trace of their union. He felt even guiltier when he thought of Mary, the feeling causing him to check himself over for incriminating marks and to scrub himself down one more time to get rid of any telling scents. He agonised over it all while he did so.
John was just as serious as Sherlock, “I’m not expecting anything to be easy. I know you like doing things your own way and I would never want to change you but I want to be a part of your life in any way you’ll let me. I want to look after you, help you, just...I just want to be with you. I love you so much, Sherlock, and forever sounds just about right.”
“You didn’t know him, John.” Sherlock sounded confused now, “Why are you sorry?”
“Don’t worry, beautiful, it gets easier.” John had no idea what Danny was talking about and could hardly think about it, stuck as he was on the endearment so carelessly tossed out.
“There is something you must see.” Mycroft didn’t waste time, simply striding away from the foyer and toward his home office. Sherlock painfully made his way after him. He wasn’t exactly in agony, but he was stiff all over. His muscles still weren’t working smoothly, and so his brother swiftly outpaced him. The door to his office was open, and at first, Sherlock was confused as to why his brother had the same boxes in his office as John had had back at the flat. “Look inside.”
“In the chest, right after we got married. I…left her then. I stayed at Sherlock’s until Christmas. Sherlock arranged for her to come to his parents for the hols and I…I…”
“Criminal puzzles. Picture ones, not as such.” John looked down, his cheeks pink but not because he was happy. John was embarrassed now. Sherlock didn’t like the way it looked on him, “Can you imagine Mycroft and I spending any time at all trying to do such a thing? We would have murdered one another.”
“I love you, John, I love you.”
. There were no more messages after that, but John didn’t need any.
John flushed a bit. A few moments reflection had provided him with a litany of assholery that he’d indulged in recently and Harry rolled her eyes, “Or stop whatever of those or all of those things if that’s how much of an arse you’ve been. Help Danny to keep Sherlock happy, but get back in there, let Sherlock see that you’re invested in him, that it matters to you that he’s doing better, feeling better. Don’t make it about
Sherlock wasn’t normally polite, normally he’d just tap out an order and expect Mycroft to make it happen. Right now, however, Mycroft was the only person Sherlock knew for a fact he could depend on. Mycroft and he had not always seen eye to eye, but his brother had always done his best to keep Sherlock hale and as happy as could be managed. It hadn’t been smooth, but Sherlock had learned that despite their many clashes, Mycroft was there for him, just as he would always be there for Mycroft. His phone rang, and for a wild moment, Sherlock thought John was ringing him. The caller ID disappointingly displayed Lestrade’s name, “Yes?”
The alpha finished knocking Sherlock out by bashing his head against the mantle. He dropped the now limp detective to the floor and stalked toward John, fists bunched, and teeth bared. “I said this dripping hole is mine! Fuck off!” John didn’t hesitate. With a swift push off his left leg, John punched the alpha in the throat at the same moment he kicked the inside of the man’s knee. With a garbled shout, the large man crumpled, clutching his neck with both hands. Grabbing him by the neck of his shirt and the waist of his pants, John rousted him down the stairs and right out of the flat. He tossed the alpha right onto the street, savagely booting the man until he stopped moving before retreating and locking himself back into their old rooms with a terrifying snarl.
John raised his paper to hide the smirk on his face. Sherlock sounded confounded and John knew that his best friend couldn’t stand not actually knowing what was hidden beneath the artful paper. “That’s probably for me.”
Sherlock wanted to say no because the last thing he wanted to do was haul boxes up and down flights of stairs, but Danny answered before he could say anything, “Sure. I mean, we’ll be working on the case most of the time, but we can carve out a few hours. Just let us know when you’re arriving, that way Rosie won’t be seeing her godfather’s bits by accident. It turns out that sex helps Sherlock think better, can’t have your little one catching him while we’re
, really, Harry?”
before he lost control of his face, jealous envy and regret twisting his features into an unpleasant mask. Sherlock had never witnessed John attempting to restrain so many emotions at once but then John just exhaled sharply and stood, “Well, must be getting on with the day. Thank you, honestly, thanks for all of this.”
. John cupped Sherlock’s bollocks in one hand and rolled them a tiny bit, “Oh, John.”
John nudged Sherlock’s elbow more than once to direct his attention here or there. He gripped Sherlock’s forearm to ask him about takeaway coffee from the open-late kiosk. More than once, John reached up and patted Sherlock’s shoulder. Daringly, Sherlock reached out and brushed a scattering of snowflakes from John’s bared head, running his fingers through the slightly-longer-than-usual hairs with boldness, and yearned to lean down to claim that mouth as his own. “Thanks,” John said with a grin.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed but he felt John’s fingers slowly settle next to his and he clutched them.
Holmes,
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock said, searching for a reason. He felt conflicted now. He should be happy to see John but now, Sherlock only felt exasperated. He quickly reviewed his data.
John winced as Sherlock addressed him formally. Mindful of the words Sarah had shouted at him, John dropped to his knees and looked up at Sherlock imploringly, “I am absolutely wrong about everything, all my choices, all my actions, just everything, and I will spend the rest of my life trying to make it up to you.  You’ve always called me an idiot, and I am. If you seriously don’t want me back in your life I will respect that, but I can’t stop looking out for you, or worrying about you, or…or…or loving you. I love you, Sherlock. I’m so sorry that it took so long for me to just understand what it was I was feeling and why, and I can’t even explain why I thought I could live with anyone else for the rest of my life. I suppose that I always assumed that I’d be the last person you’d ever settle for, I’m nothing compared to you. You’re amazing, you always have been, and I have never deserved the honour of being your partner, but I’m going to be grateful forever that you allowed it, even if it’s over now.”
. John paced after her, his shoulders bowed forward as he kept her gaze locked to his, “You know I’d do it. That clip would be around the world before you could get an order to have my blog shut down. The
“Well, no, you can apply to have medical authorities too, but only if you’re both orphaned or do not have siblings to undertake those duties.” The official looked a bit more nervous now because Sherlock was glaring at him intently.
He didn’t mind when Mycroft made him bare his inner arms for inspection. He was an ex-junkie, a relapse was always possible, especially now. When he was found to be clear of blemishes, Mycroft hugged him hard, “Little brother.”
Danny didn’t protest too hard, especially after learning that the people who had taken John were linked with the people who had murdered Alex, “You’re sure this is them?”
“And you looked delicious in them, that’s what I’m saying.” John squeezed Sherlock’s fingers gently, “I want this, Sherlock. I want to be with you, all the way with you, and I want it to be for as long as possible. You are the most amazing person in the world, there’s no one like you at all. Just knowing I’m your friend is enough to fill me with such happiness but knowing I might be able to be more fills me with such hope.” John decided to lay it all out right there, “Be with me, Sherlock, I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone before, and I want to be with you
, Sherlock! FUCK!” John shouted. Dead silence followed.
Sherlock wasn’t comforted by this idea and was extremely reluctant. “I don’t want to.”
John urged Sherlock to go have a wash while he cleaned up the kitchen. The blast of hot water rinsed away the last of his misery, leaving behind only exhaustion and lethargy. Sherlock shaved closely, and afterwards, he cleaned his mouth every way he could manage in order to rid himself of any last trace of eggnog induced unhappiness. Sherlock debated for a moment about dressing before settling on clean pyjamas and his robe. He was a little nervous about seeing John now that his hangover was gone but by the time he left his room, his friend had taken himself away for his own shower.
Sherlock’s back straightened, “At least if I do become pregnant I won’t have to run
When he woke next, John and his fellow prisoner were fed, dosed, scrubbed, re-shaved, outfitted, and shoved back in the fishbowl. This time, they were given a cosh to share between them and four opponents to fight. John found it easy to follow the other man’s lead. They fought together as if they’d been by each other’s side for years. Deftly, they swapped the cosh back and forth between them, shattering knees, throats, elbows, and jaws before putting down one opponent after another until they were out of people to fight. John had no time to think of Sherlock, or anyone, not until he came back to consciousness inside his cell. Then, the empty hours were filled with regretful mourning.
Every trace of exhaustion was long gone now. John stood up, “Perhaps not, but I am one of the luckiest men in the world right now, and I think I can muster up a little effort if you think you can handle it.” John grin was filled with salacious promise.
saw his friend. For the last few weeks, he saw John nearly every day. John worked full-time and one day, unannounced, the doctor popped by to drop his daughter off for Sherlock to care for while he was at the surgery. It had been a surprise the first time it had happened. It was a regular unspoken thing now. John hadn’t exactly said he’d taken back his angry words
that many times and comes across as convincing.” Sherlock let out a short sigh, “John, no one expects anything from you.”
. Sherlock realized that he should have paid attention during the ceremony, but he’d been involved with a case at the time, so there were clearly obligations he hadn’t made note of as well as restrictions he could never complain about. John didn’t mind Sherlock
“Not now John, we’re here.” Sherlock swept onto the scene like a force of nature. He took ownership of the mystery in front of him and for hours, both men were caught up in the thrill of the chase. Lives had been on the line, danger had threatened, terrible fates were narrowly avoided, and John knew that it was one of the best times of his life. They laughed their way back to 221 B Baker Street in the dim hours of early morning, “It’s literally Christmas, John.”
John felt his lips tremble because all of this was so much, so fast. He didn’t want to agree but once more, how could he deny Sherlock anything? John knew he was devoted to the man, that he did indeed love Sherlock still. He felt valueless and filled with problems, a broken empty husk filled with guilt and bile that leaked out constantly. He would never be able to take Sherlock for granted after being given this incredible second chance, but, his misgivings were nothing compared to Sherlock’s right to ask anything of him, even if he couldn’t help voicing them, “I still think it’s a terrible idea.”
think Sherlock was a freak, where he was
The dark creature inside his mind was gloating and rubbing its incorporeal hands together gleefully.
fighting for your attention, John Watson. If I cannot provide that which you seek, then I am going to end it with you before I become a cautionary tale about infidelity and broken trust.”
Hours and days trickled by until it was Christmas morning. In between ardent sessions filled with pleasure, the new couple had eaten takeaway, watched a bit of telly, shared showers, and slept. Now, the men lay tangled together in Sherlock’s bed after an energetic bout of wake-up sex, the faint light of the overcast day illuminating the bedroom with silver. “Are we to open presents?”
“I want to be married on the Prime Meridian,” Sherlock said quickly, “Exactly on it and right at midnight, New Year’s Eve.”
“There’s a community in space?” Sherlock was entirely astonished, “Is there crime there? How do they govern themselves? How is it possible to sustain a space community? Are they dependent on supplies from earth or are their facilities self-supporting?”
. This feeling I have, it’s never gone away, never become less, it just remains. My heart isn’t mine, John, and it never will be again. We have to accept that and just move forward, so please, for both our sakes, will you come to dinner with me?”
The laugh that he’d wrung from his omega was beautiful, unfettered and filled with joy. John realized that his chest felt warm again, he was full again of that deep lovely feeling. His mind felt clearer and he knew that he’d ask the question because he sincerely wanted to, and no because his submissive side was trying to find a way to make his omega happy. Sherlock was grinning up at him, his face a picture of complete happiness, “At least, my John. Yes, I will marry you.”
, keeping my path separate from everyone I once knew seems the best way to continue with the
John couldn’t stop looking at him, taking in all the differences and changes, knowing that Sherlock was doing the same. It was as if they’d reversed their characteristics during their years apart. John’s hair was slightly longer now, but Sherlock’s was neatly cut close to his scalp, his lovely curls completely gone. John was much thinner than he used to be, but Sherlock had developed hard lean musculature, and seemed to glow with health whereas John felt exhausted and worn out all the time. John was washed out and pale, but Sherlock was tanned and fit. John was wearing a well-fitted and stylish suit that was tailored to hide his ill-health, but Sherlock was clad in casual trousers and wore a fine wool aubergine jumper under a brown corduroy jacket which made him look vibrant and full of vitality.
He got to his feet, stiff from laying on a hard surface for who knew how long and explored the space he was in as best he could. He found a toilet along one wall, and some further careful touches taught him that there was a tiny metal sink not too far from it. When he twisted the tap, a thin trickle of lukewarm water ran out.
Sherlock burned with indignation.
They were keeping him busy in a way he found acceptable, and he was so grateful. No one mentioned John, either and, Sherlock was silently thankful. He couldn’t begin to process his thoughts about his ex-lover, it hurt far too much.
Sherlock swallowed hard again because John was drawing phials of blood now, earmarking each one for different tests to be done on site. He worked quickly and professionally, clearly good at what he did, “You’re not gay.”
“I seem to be…stuck.” Sherlock’s face was red but there was no choice really, “The mistletoe seems to be having some kind of unexplainable effect on me. I am unable to move either of my legs or in fact, anything apart from my arms and head. I know this seems a bit forward and definitely not my usual area, but…”
.” Sherlock’s voice had grown softer, warmer, as he spoke his name, “John, you were right earlier. We
he’d done it! Sherlock had shown John a thousand different way how loved he was, and John hadn’t caught a single clue. Instead, he’d flaunted his fiancée numerous times. He’d turned unjustified anger Sherlock’s way. He’d added to the physical pain the Sherlock had been forced to accept. He’d taken every moment of discomfort caused by Sherlock and had paid it back tenfold. Punishing Sherlock had become his life habit.
. “This will make you sick to your stomach thanks to your little adventure yesterday.”
“Yes, beautiful boy, right now.” John undressed and allowed Sherlock to look at him. He was fit, heavily muscled, and aroused. Sherlock watched as John’s cock filled out and it terrified him.
Everything seemed urgent then. Sherlock stumbled after John, both of them smiling and urging each other to go faster yet stay safely on their feet. Sherlock shut the bedroom door firmly behind him, shedding his pyjamas as quickly as John got rid of his clothes. Sherlock’s appetite was making his hands shake with want. John’s body was so arousing, so stimulating. Sherlock loved the fact that he towered over John, and yet, he wasn’t the physically imposing one in their relationship. Their mouths pressed together, and their hands began to wander hungrily as they took the next inevitable step in their relationship.
7:09 am – what are your current feelings about grapes? SH
One of Sherlock’s more abundant qualities, apart from his brilliance, beauty, and child-like curiosity, was his greed. Sherlock was a greedy
Sherlock smiled. Leaning forward, the detective bit his plush lower lip nervously for a moment before leaning in further to press his mouth to John’s. Both men were silent and unmoving for a very long time and they seemed to come to their senses as one. “I agree to the threesome, but only with the work. I don’t share.”
something you can do to help.” Sherlock pulled a small case out from beneath the coffee table, “I need you to smell each one of these and tell me what you think they are.”
, and each pronouncement made Sherlock ride his soldier harder and faster.
It helped. John slowly sobered up, just functional enough to be able to tell the difference between things that had been his in his
“I knew you were my best friend for some reason.” Sherlock had always made free with John’s possessions but had also always allowed John to do the same with his, why, they’d gotten their shared bank account the very same week John had originally moved in because Sherlock really, really, really did not care for taking care of daily minutiae. John did though, that’s why they got on so well, their differences balanced.
Sherlock nodded, “While I was gone. Some of it is trash but all of it came in handy one place or another.” John kept digging, opening the small pockets within. One of them held a photograph, just one, and he looked up at Sherlock after examining it, “Yes. It’s you. I missed you so much. All I had was that one picture but it helped. I wanted to come home to you. That’s the only thing that kept me going, knowing that you were here to come back to. I did so many things to get here, John.”
That's pretty much it.
“Neither do I,” Sherlock sighed, “But I’m trying.”
Cautiously, Sherlock extended his own hand and allowed John to hold it, “Thank you for all the gifts.”
John made a point of surreptitiously checking Sherlock’s wardrobe whenever the genius had left the building. He felt guilty about snooping and a little silly about doing things like sticking a single strand of his own hair in between both boxes in order to measure if the boxes had been shifted or not. They never moved unless John moved them.
“I’m wounded, Mycroft, literally
“Shut up, you barren freak!” Mary’s face was red with fury as well as embarrassment. John’s fists closed up tight when he smelled the subtle note of pain in Sherlock’s scent. John was his mate, no one else could sense it, but Sherlock had been hurt by her words and it made him want to hurt her back, pregnant or not. “At least I can have a baby, can you? You probably have so many STIs from fucking your way across Europe these last two years that even your infections have infections!”
John was distantly surprised to find himself being escorted to the door, Sherlock’s hand low on his back, and guided to the streets. They walked together for hours, rambling around London with no destination in mind, talking about anything and everything. Occasionally, Sherlock would lift John’s hand to his mouth and press a small affectionate kiss to his knuckles before resuming their conversation. John’s chest ached and he couldn’t say if it was pain or pleasure that tormented him so. Eventually, John found himself at his own front door, Sherlock looming over him. “I had a lovely time tonight,” said Sherlock, “It was the best night I’ve had in ages.”
John looked as serious as Sherlock had ever witnessed him being. The words that followed stunned the detective right to his core, “I
The soldier found his way to Sherlock’s bed with no effort. Sherlock discovered that he really enjoyed being picked up and tossed around, of having his tight jeans pulled off roughly, and his shirt nearly ripped away. The soldier wasn’t gentle, and Sherlock didn’t want him to be. “Condom. Lube.” He threw the requested items at the soldier who rolled a condom onto himself and slathered lube quickly over Sherlock’s hole. “Want my fingers first?”
John smiled, his eyes filled with hopeful tenderness, “Yeah?”
“I like to think of myself more as an
I can’t do it. I don’t have it in me to just let Danny…”
forever, not sharing each other with different people.”
thinks of me.”
Sherlock sighed sleepily and momentarily began to re-question everything he was doing.
important, every minute of it was important. I missed you so much when I thought I’d lost you and here you are, alive and in front of me, still the most amazing man I’ve ever had the fortune to know.” Sherlock felt his cheek grow warm as he tried to process the words being offered to him. He felt a dichotomous mixture of emotions churn inside his heart. These were things he’d always wanted to hear from John but hadn’t. He wasn’t unmindful that Danny was responsible for drawing those words from John’s lips. Sherlock tried to focus.
that no one has ever been up here, not when you’re this tight, and just listen to you!”
It was difficult living with the soldier but thinking of living without him again, and without drugs, made Sherlock feel that strange blankness inside once more. His veins burned with need, but he was strong enough once more to resist. He had to admit it to himself. He missed John, the old John,
so fucking hot, I’ve just wrecked your little virgin hole. Look how dirty that is, you’re leaking my spunk already. What a good boy you are.” Sherlock felt the warm wet mess of it begin to trickle down his leg, “Hold still, boy, there’s a bit of blood but nothing serious.” John reached for his mobile and took several more shots of Sherlock’s abused behind. “I feel brilliant, that was the perfect first shag.”
been shagging strangers for months now! You probably have a callus on your dick from all the new holes you’ve put it in. That reminds me, we have to schedule a health check for you. I hope you used condoms but we’re checking you for STIs. Oh, don’t make that face, remind me of the last long-term relationship you had?” Harry had started quietly but by the time she got to the end, she was shouting. John was silent, guilty as accused. “Exactly, John. Yes, you missed the boat on with Sherlock, but there’s always tomorrow so just in case, let’s not give him the clap, okay? So, proving your love to Sherlock, what have you tried apart from anger and physical abuse?” John visibly cringed now, and Harry’s voice grew hard, dripping with disappointment as she shook her head slowly, “I’d never have thought that you’d be the one to behave like dad.”
, and even agreed to consult with a therapist as well as a dietician if necessary. John might have been irritated or mortified, but his mind currently wasn’t dealing with those sorts of issues. All he knew was that he’d failed his omega again.
John knew there was no way he could be the same deductive genius that Sherlock was but there were other things that John could change about himself that were easy. John stopped eating. He waited until Sherlock finally consumed something, and then John followed suit, no more, no less. It was disastrous. Sherlock naturally had a high tolerance for being denied the necessities of life and had rigorously trained his transport to go farther on less. John had not. He circumvented the written schedule for meals because they did not specifically
“It’s okay, it’s all okay,” reassured John, “It’s enough for me to know you’ve woken up. For what it’s worth, I’m really sorry that I frightened you when you first opened your eyes. You don’t need to explain anything, not until you think you really want to, I’m just…I’m just very happy right now. I’ve missed you, you bugger, stop doing that, okay?”
“Why?”
to indulge in any perverse or erotic act you could name. Right now, my main source of confusion is regarding the determination of which one of us is being molested,
Sherlock examined the tag where John knew his own name was clearly affixed. “Ah.” Sherlock tossed it carelessly to the floor and picked up another box. “This one is socks! Are they supposed to be for you or for me? There’s no tag.”
“Alright.” Sherlock’s throat was raspy. He cleared it because John was staring at him. John was correct on all points. He needed
“Danny and Sherlock are working on a case together. They’re partners in every possible sense.” John knew he wasn’t hiding one iota of his personal pain when he said this.
John closed his eyes and fought off a powerful urge to leave the small house he shared with his new fiancée and to run all the way to 221 B Baker Street and Sherlock. He felt feverish, and his chest was burning with the frustrated shouts he was holding in. His animal side wanted to haul Sherlock to his bedroom to breed and claim him, keeping him chained to the bed until their first massive litter could be delivered. His heart wanted to gather Sherlock up in his arms and hold him forever. In reality, John lay in bed with the blankets tamped down like a wall between himself and the woman he lived with. John tried to forget the most delectable scent he’d ever come across. Mary at least had the sense not to push John further, just going to sleep with her back to him, laying as far across the mattress as she could get, telegraphing her displeasure clearly. John was fine with it as he dozed off. Without willing it, John’s dreams were filled with memories of Sherlock.
called. He was worried that we’d been delayed for some horrible reason, and then he tried to blame himself as if he’d forgotten to send us an invite when it was your job to tell your own family what was going on. We saw wedding photos on social media, you looked like you were literally shitting your pants. Tell me that’s just how you look when you’re actually happy these days because mum was ready to call the police and tell them that you were being coerced.”
Sherlock huffed impatiently but also nodded. Tea was a large part of Sherlock’s existence. He had accumulated a broad and comprehensive list of his favourite teas as well as the times required to steep each particular sort, and whatever accompaniments went best with a cup. John had been a decent brewer before he’d met Sherlock, but in the years that had passed, he had grown to a proficiency that Sherlock grudgingly called decent. He’d never be fooled into accidentally drinking something he didn’t want, so all John needed to do was somehow manage to not let Sherlock know that he had plans for later by actually having plans for later, ones other than those involving swapping out presents. “You’re hiding something.”
“I hope you don’t have to say the same for me.” Sherlock realized that he wanted this. He wanted sex, not because he was falling in love with Danny, but because he
“John and I were never more than friends,” Sherlock said stiffly. There was bitterness in his voice, strong enough for Danny to hear even if Sherlock didn’t want him to. He didn’t want to speak about that tangled mess right now. He was feeling almost happy for the first time in months, he didn’t want to spoil it by bringing up
John could feel Sherlock’s emotions. They were chaotic, powerful, and real.
He had nothing to fear. John was ravenous, but his appetite was tempered with a self-control that Sherlock had never needed to learn. In no time, Sherlock was aroused almost beyond reason but John kept his head, slowly guiding his friend away from the living room, kissing their way unhurriedly up to John’s bedroom.
, to follow his instincts and expectations, but today, he did. Sherlock wasn’t in charge of his transport right then and he didn’t want to be. He wanted to experience his body, to know how his flesh could sustain pleasure, to feel the luscious decadent build of desire until he could rise no higher.
A few minutes later, John groaned loudly, and Sherlock felt his unwelcome ejaculate pulse into his body. John pulled out without warning and used Sherlock’s pyjama top to wipe himself clean. “Into the shower with you.” He made Sherlock clean himself up before he lubed Sherlock’s abused anus one more time and inserted an even larger plug to keep him stretched. “I’ve got a high sex-drive. After breakfast, I am going to go to work for four hours, and when I get back, we’re going to try a few things. You can wander inside the house anywhere you please except inside the tenant’s portions.
kind of parrot would be more useful.”
Sherlock heaved a ragged sigh. “Something that can be mended, I hope.” His voice was soft, concerned, “I am working on it.” He seemed upset but was hiding it so John sipped his tea, content because no one was asking anything of him. The tea was lovely and burned his tongue sweetly.
began to unsubtly flirt with him, John knew he was done. Putting his napkin down, John tried to come up with a plausible excuse to leave when a deep and familiar voice spoke, “Doctor Watson.”
John left Rosie on the large area carpet in the barely furnished living room surrounded by a corral made of toys to entertain her while he busied himself. The last of Mary’s personal things had been boxed up for donation already but he felt the need to keep going. John concentrated on the mundane details of his immediate world, getting a wash bucket and a rag so that he could carefully scrub down any surface he came across, cleaning away all traces of his life in that building. Harry startled him by knocking sharply on the door, jerking him out of his nearly meditative state. Dropping the cloth in the bucket and ensure that Rosie couldn’t reach any of it, John let his sister in. “Erg, it smells like disinfectant in here!”
“I’ll only ever talk about your arse then,” John winked at Sherlock who was rolling his eyes and huffing but also blushing a tiny bit.
Sherlock’s smile was brilliant. He looked happy, and now his cheeks were pink with pleasure, “Is today too soon?”
sorry, Sherlock. Please, is there any way in the world I can convince you to forgive me? I’ll do anything, anything at all, name it. I’m sorry, sweetheart, I’m so sorry for making you go through all of this.”
publishing house.” Mycroft was trying to make a point, but Sherlock wasn’t getting it at all.
“Nothing too odd, I promise.” John could say whatever he wanted and change his mind a thousand times, it made no difference. Sherlock was in no position to question anyone’s word. John was his master, and how Sherlock was treated from now on was entirely up to him. Soon enough, Sherlock would become carnally acquainted with John and no one in the world was going to stop it from happening. “I’m going to get you some scrubs to wear back to my flat, and some hospital slippers. There’s a shower right there, wash up quick and I’ll be back in about five minutes.”
John mused other aspects of his time with Mary. She had her own existence apart from him, her own set of friends, hobbies, and so forth. Sometimes she brought him out with her, or invited one or two special ones over, but mostly not.  He liked that, he liked that he didn’t need to be her entire world. The intimacy they shared was enough, even if it wasn’t what he’d once dreamed of, that wasn’t her fault. Their sex life was moderately satisfying, but, he couldn’t penetrate Mary. She told him dozens of times that it wasn’t what she wanted anyway, that she was more than satisfied otherwise. Their difficulties weren’t her fault at all, it was all him. John’s cock was on the large size, even for alphas. There
“I don’t fucking
A short while later, John and Sherlock were signing their way into the Diogenes club. John was lightening Sherlock’s mood by deliberately asking the valet poorly phrased questions. He was fluent in both BSL as well as ASL but was secure enough with who he was to play the buffoon for his friend’s benefit. The club employees didn’t outright snub Sherlock, but they certainly made him aware that they found his existence irksome and only tolerable because of his older brother’s membership. John had never been one to abide that kind of attitude, especially toward Sherlock so whenever they had to be there, the small doctor tested the limits of their service contracts by asking how their goiter was doing and inferring that the old chap at the door had spent an invigorating evening in a bondage club the night before. Like always, it amused Sherlock intently so by the time they arrived at Mycroft’s rooms, the omega was in a less aggravated state of mind. “When were you going to tell me?”
,” he stressed, “You were the opposite of everything I know about you. When I finally woke, it took a little while for the power of that nightmare to fade enough for me to recall the true you, the John Watson standing beside me right now, the John Watson that I
The man was fast, John had to give him that, and strong as well. He used his body well, clearly accustomed to physical warfare and he fought without mercy. John had many years ago mastered his strengths and weaknesses, and it was easy enough to recall all his old tricks and manoeuvres to remain unharmed while wreaking havoc on his enemies. He had been a surgeon as well as a soldier, he knew all the tenderest places, the most vulnerable spots, and he exploited every memory he had to bring his opponent down fast despite the man being armed. His neighbour was only a few seconds behind him, felling the second man with a rather nasty looking jab to the throat. The man collapsed gasping and didn’t get up.
aren’t going to change the fact that you are very blatantly cheating on me.” John was shaking his head dismissively, and rolling his eyes, “Yes, you are
The associate was smiling pleasantly at him and for a moment, John didn’t know what to say. The words tumbled out without direction, “I need to get my partner a skirt. It needs to match with shoes. Red shoes. Pointy red shoes.”
“Fair trade, John. Of course, he wants to make sure we aren’t getting our caffeine from anywhere oppressed. You love those coffees, that’s why he keeps giving them to us. He knows I have no personal charm whatsoever, he’s got to keep bribing you with extravagances to keep you from moving out. It’s a bribe.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide with disbelief, and the beginnings of hope. “How?”
John just laughed harder for a moment before calming himself down and grinning widely at Sherlock. He’d felt a bit awkward that John was laughing at him, but now the soldier was looking at him with such…fondness, that all his less happy feelings melted away, “You’re a mad bastard, Sherlock Holmes, and I wouldn’t have you any other way. You’re just amazing.”
. “I’ll go wash and eat but I’m not sleeping there.”
There was a discrete tap on the door. John let Sherlock dress in the scrubs before he answered it. The plug was ridged enough that Sherlock was very aware of its presence and gave him a pretty good idea of what he could expect. Mary stood there with a sheet of paper which she handed to John, her eyes on the floor respectfully. “Thank you, nurse.” John said before he absently closed the door on her face, not saying a thing about her freshly applied lipstick, or noticing the poisonous glare she shot at Sherlock. “Thank goodness for modern technology, right?” Several recent inventions had made blood analyse nearly instantaneous, the days and weeks of waiting for results now outdated. John looked very pleased, “Excellent, that makes everything so much easier.”
Marching back to the kitchen, John watched over his daughter as she mashed her soft fruit into her hair as much as into her mouth, laughing a bit as she scraped it off herself and gave another go at consuming it all. He knew she was finished when she began drinking her sippy cup dry, a sure signal that she was done with her meal for now. It was straight to the tub with her after that, and then, when she was dry and happy, he took her to the park to play.
It became his new obsession. Listening to John wank was something that he was vaguely aware was more than a bit creepy and likely very wrong as well, but he didn’t even think about it. John had told him to
Too many drinks aside, Sherlock wasn’t nearly drunk enough to miss the fact that John didn’t understand. He stopped thrusting back in order to explain, “This isn’t just drunk sex, or my first time, except that it is on both counts. It means something, to me at least. Do you think I’d do this with just anyone, just because I was inebriated? Not a chance, Watson. Even at my worst, I never once had sex with anyone. I told you. I’ve never wanted to.”
Sherlock brought his straight-razor and cream with him, shedding his clothing as shamelessly as Danny had. Carefully, Sherlock shaved the scruff from Danny’s tear-stained face, kissing his forehead gently on occasion as he worked. It made them both feel better. Danny returned the favour, and once they were shaved, shampooed, and scrubbed down to their toenails, they stood under the hot spray and hugged one another, pointy hip-bones bumping painfully, both men doing their best to be gentle.
Sherlock saw active pain in John’s eyes when he spoke the word
“Our real names are unimportant. Forget you ever had one. We’re being held in a test facility, I don’t know where. I’ve been here for a long time. I’m called
He deteriorated rapidly after Sherlock ended their nascent relationship. John refused to work on cases, devoting himself to the new clinic he worked at instead. He was rude and abrasive toward Sherlock, baiting his ex-lover with stories of his ongoing dalliances, but it wasn’t until he became flippant and mean with Mrs Hudson that Sherlock finally snapped, “You have reason enough to despise me, John Watson. You found it within yourself to cheat on me, to take me for granted, but Mrs Hudson is blameless. She has done everything she can think of to try and make you feel happy, and you have thrown her gifts back in her face like a cretin. You are not the John Watson I once knew. You are nothing but a brute, an unevolved animal. You live only to spread your toxin to anyone close to you and spare no effort to ensure that any sign of happiness in anyone else is obliterated. I have tried, John, I have tried so hard with you. I can’t try any more. I am done.
Mary snorted as she tried to suppress a scoff.
He spat out the last word with incredulity laced with pain, “Go away, John Watson. You are not wanted here.” Sherlock’s voice was thick with emotion and he seemed to be smaller than he had been. He was obviously in the beginning throes of full heat when his body would ache, and his primal needs would be overwhelming his higher intellect. If Sherlock felt threatened as well, it would seriously exacerbate the potential negative responses the omega might demonstrate during any attempts at coitus. Sherlock as famous for denying himself things that he needed, he could kill himself by refusing to let an alpha share his heat.
I get it. Sounds good. I do like a good stuffed bird. What’s with all the cookery?”
Sherlock felt the burn that had built in his belly slowly spill over until the pressure of it made him feel like his cock was ejaculating pure pleasure. He heard John’s ecstatic grunts behind him and didn’t care at all when John took him roughly by the hips to slam his way through his own orgasm. He couldn’t feel his transport right then, he was on a higher plane of existence.
He sighed now, realizing that Sherlock probably wouldn’t recognize his text as anything remotely flirtatious. A moment later, another text arrived. “If I’d known you would have let me use it, I would have taken you up on that. It looks better on me anyway.”
“It’s not for me, you arse. Sherlock is going into heat, do you not understand? Does he have an alpha?” John checked Sherlock’s neck and swayed in shock when he saw the bite-mark on Sherlock’s beautiful neck. It was well-healed but ragged, the teeth-marks showed that the flesh had ripped. Most alphas made their bites cleanly so that their dental pattern was clear, this alpha had not. John felt a shameful jealousy because their union was obviously very passionate if they sealed it with such a brutal bite.
“Irrelevant, Doctor Watson. Sherlock Holmes needs
“I did to same to you, John, and so much worse,” Sherlock pointed out gently. “I made you grieve for me for two entire years. I didn’t know how I felt about you, but I missed you terribly every moment. When I got back...well...Mary...there was never a time for us, and after a while, I just assumed there never would be.”
The omega beneath him was keening in ecstasy so John gave everything else no further thought. “Yes, John, oh yes. Big. Perfect. So very big.” Sherlock sounded almost agonised, but he was pushing his arse back, his slick increasing further in volume, allowing John to enter him almost effortlessly. Sherlock was clearly relieved, and his appreciation spurred John onward. Soon, they were moving in marvellous synchronicity, their bodies working together as they chased their first shared orgasms. He licked and kissed Sherlock everywhere he could reach, stroking over the damaged flesh of his lover’s body with care and tenderness.
John snuggled up and Sherlock knew that his lover was finally falling asleep for real. A yawn caught him and his eyes began to close as well. He felt so content, so happy, so fulfilled. “Today was the best day of my life, Sherlock, as good as the day we met and you saved me. I love you. I’m going to tell you as often as you’ll let me.”
“Sherlock chased away all
“Sherlock, why are we in a cold shower?”
Sherlock realized then that he urgently needed to make a real break from John, if only for his own mental wellbeing. Their relationship currently caused him genuine pain, and it had hurt for so long, he didn’t have the internal strength to let it keep hurting. He was bleeding out and it couldn’t continue. “John, in future, try to text or call first. Danny and I are working on things together, and we’d appreciate having time to ourselves. Perhaps we can meet your latest girlfriend, a double date. Not this week or next, possibly after?”
John heard the tub begin to drain as soon as he was alone again, and two minutes later, Sherlock emerged from the bath looking damply exhausted, his hair still dripping, the extra water soaking the collar of the robe he was now wearing. John helped him to the sofa where he leaned Sherlock up against the back and sides, tucked their old shock blanket around his legs, and helped him take hold of a tall glass containing the densely calorie-rich meal replacement drink he had poured and chilled in the fridge. Sherlock looked grateful and consumed the strawberry flavoured liquid slowly. When John saw he was done, he offered a second one, sans contraceptives, and Sherlock drank that too. The omega’s eyes were drooping but he was at least calm and pliant, all signs of his unease completely absent. He was pliant but still needy, so John willingly allowed himself to be cuddled like a human comfort toy, Sherlock’s long arms holding the smaller alpha close to his torso.
.” Now John’s hands were shaking as he nodded. “You were angry with him. You didn’t forgive him, not really, did you?” John shook his head, “Did you miss his birthday on purpose?”
“I love you.” Sherlock fell to his knees in front of John, his lovely shoes in one hand. He set them aside carefully before looking up at John, “Sherlock?”
If he had turned his brother down previously, Sherlock wasn’t doing so again. “I need time to pack. Send a car. We’ll be there for dinner.”
John gripped the small heavy goblet that was thrust into his hand by his dressing-gown clad flatmate. It smelled spicy and a tendril of steam curled up from the surface. The odour reminded him of Sherlock’s marvellous omega scent. John had never smelled an omega who was so enticing, though years of acquaintanceship and mutual respect had built up John’s ability to keep resisting the urge to mark and mate. There were layers upon layers to Sherlock’s personal smell, and John loved nothing more than to lay about on the sofa after Sherlock had lounged on it all day, especially if Sherlock weren’t there to see how the small alpha rubbed himself unabashedly on every inch of fabric in order to sop up as much of Sherlock’s wonderful aroma that he could. John looked at his drink. There was a brown curled stick inside of it. “What’s this then?”
“Lot 37 – from the UK, male, white, certified virgin. Full disclosure detail; he was a drug addict, but there’s still a lot of good in with the bad! Clever with chemistry, maybe a few discipline problems, underweight, but he’s a good speaker, can provide all kinds of entertainment, tutor your children, take care of your pets, has all his teeth, uncircumcised, STI panel is clean, therefore medical proof of his chastity!”
John’s curiosity was piqued enough to almost cause him to react independently. He didn’t, but it had been close.
. As far as Sherlock was concerned, he was in bed with his rapist and nothing in the world would be right again. John fell asleep quickly, lightly snoring as he slept on his side, one arm possessively over Sherlock’s chest. The bed was comfortable, and John was very warm, so despite his negative feelings, Sherlock dozed off eventually and remained that way throughout the night.
“Are you serious?”
Sherlock tried to dismiss the amount of discomfort he’d experienced from being called a name that honestly, he’d been called a thousand times before.
. If John wanted to slowly torture and kill Sherlock, he might get a few black looks from those who knew but there would be no legal repercussions, slaves had no rights or protections in place. “She’s interested in you.” He wasn’t certain if it was imprudent to let his master know that he’d noticed such a detail or if John even wanted to know.
Sherlock caressed John’s entire body, rapturously comparing the length of their arms, the span of their legs, and every way he could manage to think of, groaning as John’s measurements consistently failed to match his. John was blown away by his obvious arousal, never in his life had he expected to find someone who got off because of the disparity in their measurements! Sherlock combed his fingers through John’s body hair with fascination, lipping at it and moaning softly. He spent a few moments kissing each nipple, moving back and forth between them until they were hard.
. It drove Sherlock mad with irritation that this fact was in his mind palace and that he couldn’t seem to expunge it. John was always going on about things Lisa said, laughing as he repeated her admirations, her questions, her every bleeding exclamation. She had invaded their entire life, it seemed, and it was making Sherlock crazy. “John, you spend more time chatting with her than you do speaking to me. What’s coming next, meeting for coffee, or going to the cinema, or luncheons?”
but they were on the cusp of it at long last. They’d already had one or two awkward talks, both men oddly bashful about confessing that the other was
“Yes,” agreed John, almost mindless with lust, “Have me. Use me.”
. Sherlock felt his own cheeks heat up and felt disgusted with himself. He'd never entertained the idea of having sex with anyone, not for lack of desire, but that he could not stop analysing the people he tried to be close to.
. Greedily, he snatched up the machine and began going over the recordings of streets and businesses that radiated around the location where John had been taken. There was a tremendous amount of data to go over, and hours passed before Danny forced him to walk away and sleep for a few hours, “You need to stay sharp for John, Sherlock. We’re not going to find him right away, these buggers are shamefully clever at hiding, so pace yourself or you might miss something. We need to keep ourselves fed, rested, and alert, right? For John.”
“Yes, love?” John was unpacking their things and sorting out clean from soiled.
John made his way home where he washed up, rinsing all evidence of his night’s empty passion away. When he got ready for bed, he felt a moment of guilt again that Mrs Hudson was keeping his daughter for the night, and that John was just going to hand Rosie over to Sherlock in the morning, just like he’d done yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that
Mycroft held out his hand and John automatically understood what was required. He handed over his mobile, not even checking for messages. “Here?” It would be better to undergo heat at a proper medical facility in case Sherlock suffered a serious setback of some kind.
Why did you even agree to marry me?” John shouted, “And you,” he glared at David, “Lowlife fucking
“We can find our way there, especially if Sherlock can keep using that donut pillow you got him.” John had brought it up from the car and had set it on Sherlock’s chair. Gingerly, the detective sat down, testing out how long his back and bottom could deal with the pressure of his weight on him. At the moment, he felt perfectly fine.
“It takes a surprisingly broad skill set to accommodate one human child, it’s been a steep learning curve for me.” Sherlock had known precisely nothing about parenting until recently. Now he knew everything there was to discover about diapers, formula, the location of reputable fruit vendors who sold their wares via fair trade, environmentally friendly clothing retailers, developmental milestones, the talking points about his pro-vaccination stance, and the fact that his mobile contained no less than three learning apps for toddlers. He was prepared and gaining experience daily. Rosie was a delightful challenge, one that was never boring.
Sherlock realized several minutes later that he was rubbing his still firm erection against John’s arse, and his friend hadn’t made even the remotest attempt to stop him. Sherlock froze. He still had his arms wrapped tightly about John’s torso, and the soldier was gripping the edge of the kitchen counter while two abandoned cups of tea and two portions of now cold toast that were growing colder. He resumed moving slowly when he felt John press back encouragingly. He couldn’t resist. John’s body was firm and warm, and it felt natural and good to rub his cock against the seam of John’s pyjama bottoms. It was easy to tell that John didn’t wear pants beneath them because his arse cheeks pushed apart beautifully to allow Sherlock to rut between them. John was breathing hard and obviously struggling to keep himself still, his hips twitching as he subtly pushed back to meet Sherlock’s inelegant thrusts. “I don’t know what I’m doing or even why.” Sherlock gasped.
than a decent living doing
to know what happened in my head. What if my wires are crossed now? What if I'm supposed to react one way but because of the nightmare, I react another? You know from personal experience that you can't predict how a person will react to trauma, physical or otherwise. I was a mess before this but now … now, John, I don't know who I am.”
“I feel the same about you, Sherlock, you’re amazing. I’ve always thought so.” The air seemed perfumed, and it was deliciously warm. Sherlock was sprawled over John, and their bodies were writhing against each other’s. John couldn’t get enough of the feel of Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock seemed to be having the same problem. They struggled to keep kissing while at the same time, hungered to explore each other’s bodies with mouth as well as hands.
agreed to be her godfather, and apparently, unannounced continuing impositions that made it impossible for him to work on cases were part of the job. Now, neither he nor John had time for
He never got his chance. John was
She laughed in an ugly manner, “Yeah, he’s a good loyal dog, isn’t he, so ready to sniff after his bitch! Always ready to heel and obey. Fucking stupid alphas.”
Lestrade had come personally to ask for Sherlock’s assistance. Sherlock eagerly agreed and bustled John right out of the flat. Such was his hurry that the omega didn’t notice that he’d made John wear his scarf while he wore the doctor’s and that a pair of thick warm gloves had somehow inveigled themselves into John’s pocket but before he could say anything, they were in a cab and speeding their way across the city.
Now Sherlock was the one to give Danny a long hard look. Meeting Danny was reminding him of feelings he’d had a long time ago, an instinct he’d trusted, and it was reminding him of the dawning of a new era in his personal life.
himself clean was the real struggle, and John had already promised to help as much as was required. A different doctor was necessary for perspective and clarity when making treatment choices. The day went forward as so many others had, but the atmosphere wasn’t as bleak as it had been. It was still awkward because neither man had any idea how to keep moving forward with their friendship repairs. Learning to live in each other’s space again was enough of a challenge.
Sherlock felt a great peace settle over him, banishing all his earlier nervousness. There was nothing to be afraid of, nothing to worry about. “I do love you, John Watson.”
know me. You don’t know what I’ve been through, what
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was rough and desperate, “Sherlock.” John’s hands slipped from Sherlock’s head and down to his hips. The doctor grasped him hard enough to leave bruises, yanking him backwards onto John’s cock faster than ever. Sherlock felt his own cock bounce and wave wildly but he couldn’t touch himself, it was too much, too intense. He didn’t need it anyway because now he was coming, his orgasm heralded by a long, drawn-out moan vaguely in the shape of John’s name. Come spurted out, stripes of it landing on his pillow, the sheet, and a splat of it ending up on the headboard. John pumped deep and slow now, emptying himself out inside Sherlock, leaving behind the biological token of their amour.
trying to keep up with ever-changing social mores.
at bonding him but you know what he requires during his time! He needs an alpha to mate with him, but he is in no way strong enough to endure an attempt to bond either, even if it could take naturally. You were his best friend and there is no one else I can trust to not try to force a bond on him.
The idea was nauseating but John wasn’t taking any guff, just holding out his hand and silently urging Sherlock to emerge from his rank cocoon. To his delighted surprise, John treated Sherlock to a bowl of easy to eat hot cereal which the doctor had slow cooked along with a handful of dried fruit, a trick he’d learned from one of his many military acquaintances. John ate his with a drizzle of honey but Sherlock felt childishly compelled to heap spoons of sugar onto his which John shook his head and laughed. It was far too sweet but he ate every bite regardless, scraping up the bottom of his dish with the spoon to chase every last trace of his breakfast because John had made it.
“That’s just the first one.” John pulled out another present, “Here.”
Sherlock shuddered, and almost withdrew entirely. With a deep rumbling moan, he pushed back in, his head falling back as he clearly became overwhelmed with bliss. From there, it grew frantic. Sherlock began thrusting slowly but his pace picked up gradually until he was bucking almost wildly. John couldn’t believe how amazing it felt, how the weight of Sherlock over him was adding to his experience. Sherlock leaned over and folded John against his broad chest, his hips working relentlessly as he chased his orgasm.
“No, John. I did as you commanded.”
“Yes, my darling.” Sherlock had no problem leaning in and claiming a kiss from Danny. He was more resolute than ever to help his boyfriend, even if it meant he had to turn to his big brother once again. Mycroft owed Sherlock a great deal, and while it had been nice to have him in a debt like that, Sherlock decided that using some of that unique currency was wealth well spent if it gave Danny the closure he so desperately needed. “Let’s get a taxi. We’re going to an arrogantly posh men’s club called
John was content, but Sherlock was not. It made the alpha feel like a failure because even though he’d given everything he could think of to his omega, Sherlock was still unhappy. Sherlock’s existence was announced to the world, and he re-emerged a hero. London applauded the detective and forgave him for all he’d been accused of but Sherlock was as grim as John was silent. Sherlock did not care for the attention he received, and soon enough, locked himself away on Baker Street with John.
