Steve grinned, dropping one more kiss on Tony's chest before he moved further down, nuzzling Tony's happy trail until Tony was squirming, his cock a hot line against his thigh.
Steve frowned. “I'm not talking to a
“J, be a dear and play that back, please? Just the hallway audio.”
“Are you sure this is what you want?” Tony asked as they waited for Pepper's signal behind the door. “I can do this alone. You don't have to face the vultures.”
“Not now, J. Let me wallow in my misery.”
“Hello. Hi. I'm Steve Rogers, I'm supposed to – um.“ He dug out the letter and handed it to her. “I was invited? For an interview. About, uh...”
Tony looked at the products listed on the screen, from something that looked like deodorant rollers and sprays all the way to implants. “J?”
Steve swallowed hard, his throat suddenly dry. “It's... you know how the serum made me... resistant to pain?” Tony nodded and Steve folded his hands in his lap, gritting his teeth. “It didn't. It just made me resistant to any sensation. I barely have a sense of touch anymore.”
, oh god - before he nodded frantically. "Fuck yeah, please."
“Couple more minutes. You can take it.”
“Alright, alright,” Steve said, taking a step closer only for the plant to suddenly retreat further into the room. “What –”
“Ah – yes. Yeah.” The officer gave him one last bewildered look before he walked back over to the door. “You finish up in here. Don't linger.”
“I'm not betting against you, Tony. I've learned my lesson.” He could hear typing as Pepper was no doubt already busy setting everything up. “If we're doing this we're not calling it a giveaway though, that cheapens the experience. It'll be an exclusive meet-and-greet with a chance at a happy ending. Should give us enough legal leeway to get you out of the blowjob thing if the guy ends up being a total scumbag.”
One of the council members stood up, his cloak billowing behind him. “You would dare insult the council like this?”
“Doesn’t matter. I would’ve had them for, what, ten more years? It’s fine.”
“You can say his name, you know? I'm over it.”
“You really don’t have to, Stevie, I can –“
"Good." Tony reached out and tugged at a strand of Bucky's long hair, clicking his tongue. "You're not overly attached to this, are you? Cause I won't touch it if this is like, your spiritual connection to the new world or whatever –"
Which only meant that he enjoyed it all the more when he got to do this.
He didn't wait for an answer before he grabbed Steve's arm and dragged him into the elevator, mashing the button for their floor. Steve chuckled.
Tony turned slowly, his eyes locked on Steve's bare feet before they slowly traveled up his body with such obvious appreciation that it made heat flare low in Steve's gut, his face suddenly hot. When Tony's gaze landed on Steve's crotch a tiny smirk crossed his face that quickly grew as he dragged his eyes up to meet Steve's.
“There you are!”
“Always,” Steve said with just a hint of teasing before his face turned serious again. “I wanted us to stand as a united front. With or without the Accords.”
“Do you want to eat first?” Tony finally asked once they were in the foyer again, and Steve raised an eyebrow at him with a smile.
“I'm asking when your fine tush will be within grabbing distance again. I'm dying here.”
Still, he brought his smile back in full force as he sauntered over to Steve and went to his knees in between Steve's spread legs. He swore he could hear the way Steve swallowed heavily, his thighs stiff as a board where Tony was holding on to them.
“Everything alright, Sir?”
"I'm putting everyone here in danger by staying," Bucky said, his hands clenching into fists. "I won't let you cover for me."
Steve gave him a playful glare. “
“Oh no, that’s a select club. You, me and Rhodey, no one else.”
“Is there a reason for that?”
Toni's startled laugh was cut off by Steve's lips, and really, this was much better than talking anyway.
Steve rarely ever got any letters that weren’t notices or bills, so he was a little confused when he checked the name of the sender. He was pretty sure that he hadn’t recently purchased anything from Stark Industries. Or ever really, considering how damn expensive Stark products were.
“Potts.” She smiled at him as Steve sat in the chair, stubbornly not looking back over at the man. His heart was pounding, his mind racing as he desperately tried not to think all the thoughts he'd ever had about the doll and its body, not knowing that he'd ever see those exact proportions on an actual
Tony looked right back at him, fighting not to clench his hands into fists. “He killed my parents. I know damn well who I'm protecting. And what that means.”
“Tony,” he said again, and Tony jumped into action, almost fumbling the bottle of lube as he frantically wetted his fingers.
He gasped when he felt something
Yeah. He could definitely see the appeal there.
Which was ludicrous. Tony didn't get nervous anymore.
He knew he didn't burn in sunlight and that blood bags did the trick. Anything else was not worth dwelling on.
“Yeah, they're getting a little impatient.” Tony twirled the blowtorch in his hand. “Then again, when you're immortal I guess time loses a bit of its meaning.”
“I came so fucking hard,” Steve said, his words seemingly catching up to him a moment later because the tips of his ears went bright red as he stiffened. “Um.”
Steve never asked him about his lack of heats. Tony was quietly anxious about it until he broke and told Steve the truth, about the arc reactor and everything it had taken from him. Deep down he knew that Steve would take it in stride, the way he did everything that Tony told him in confidence, but there was still a tiny part of him that was afraid that this would be the straw that broke the camel’s back, that would drive Steve away from him. Instead Steve hugged him, stroking Tony’s back until he felt like he could breathe again, listening to Steve’s quiet words of reassurance.
"Sorry. You're so –"
Steve trailed off, a sudden tension in his voice that Tony couldn't place, and Tony frowned. “What?”
They ate in yet more not quite uncomfortable silence, and Tony was starting to think that the reason his nerves were shot was because it was so goddamn
“Let's get to two thousand gift coins for ten spanks,” Tony said, going back to his knees and reaching for the paddle he still had lying around from his warm up earlier. “And remember, every ten is a ticket in the machine, boys. Don't be gentle with me.”
“You better not be saying what I think you're saying.” Tony frowned. “You have a right to need comfort. And I want to be here for you.”
I'd like to respectfully ask that you or one of your staff arrange a meeting at the Avengers Compound to ensure comprehensive and transparent communication regarding the current state of affairs. A definite response is expected by the time that the UN meets to ratify the Accords in Vienna five days from now. I regret to inform you that in the event that such a time frame cannot be met the UN reserves the right to retire any and all members of the Avengers that have not agreed to adhere to their terms.
He could hear Tony's smile when he spoke. "I'd like it more if I could see you."
“Your fantasy is me in transit?” Steve asked, and Tony practically could hear the cheeky smirk on his face. He rolled his eyes.
The change was gradual, starting with a tingle at the base of his spine that quickly spread to the rest of Tony's body as Steve's scent changed, turned into something utterly
“What do you say we make it even nicer, hm?” she asked quietly, her eyes dropping to his lips, but before she could move in for a kiss, Steve used his grip on her shoulder to keep her right where she was.
it anymore, oh god, he needed to
“Thank you,” Steve rasped, his throat suddenly dry, and Tony gave him one last smile before he waved and started to walk away.
“Well,” Tony said, his warm breath on Steve's neck making him shiver. “Guess we just have to make sure we don't, hm?”
“Tony,” Steve said again, taking a step forward as Tony turned to him. “I'm sorry that we kept you in the dark for so long but we couldn't contact you without someone knowing –“
“What's the effect?” Tony asked, and Steve gave him a bright smile.
"I'm real glad you found Steve, you know?"
Bucky nodded. “All to get to them, probably. We can't know for sure.”
“Dad loved her.” Tony stroked Steve's hair, silently glad when Steve leaned into the touch instead of pushing him away. “Always invited her for Christmas. Her and uncle Da–“ Tony bit his lip but Steve raised his head, giving him a weak smile. There were dried tear tracks on his face and Tony reached up to wipe them away as gently as he could.
Damn it. Fuck it all to hell.
“Expert in pie-fucking. Yup, sounds like me.” Despite his teasing he stuck a finger into the pie, licking his lips as he tested the temperature. “Feels about right. So how are we doing this?”
pathetic,” Steve said breathlessly and Tony chuckled, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck.
Tony swallowed around the lump in his throat. He'd never get to hear Peggy laugh at one of his ideas again. Never feel her hand on his shoulder, so different from Howard's or Obie's. He'd never even told her how much her support had meant to him all these years.
“Mr. Stark,” Charles said as soon as they approached the table, standing up to shake his hand. “We'd started to wonder if you would ever show up.”
And if he doesn't?
His mouth would probably be bruised by the end of this, but god, did Tony not care when what he got was Steve kissing him so hard he could feel it in his toes, their tongues tangling as they tried to make the other submit. It was messy and sloppy and so good that Tony was almost buzzing with excitement, his cock stirring where it was pressed against his thigh.
“I don't! I don't know, okay,” Tony exclaimed, throwing his hands up – or down, seeing as the plant was still holding him up by his feet. “I've never dealt with anything like this.”
“Yes, everyone’s fine,
“Then why are you still here?” he asked before his thoughts could drift even further, and Tony weighed his head side to see like he was thinking, crossing his arms over his chest. If he were facing this way Steve would see his huge –
Steve blinked, suddenly realizing that Mr. Stark was looking at him expectantly. "Uh, sorry. What was that?"
Cameras flashed and Tony had to take a moment to just stare at Bucky incredulously. He could see Pepper gesturing frantically from the sidelines and Tony followed her cue on autopilot, pulling Bucky up from his seat as he smiled at the cameras, throwing an arm around him.
Steve startled a little when Tony's arms wrapped around him from behind, his chin coming down on Steve's shoulder. Tony probably had to stand on his tiptoes to reach, and that mental image was enough to untangle the knot of not-quite-anxiety in Steve's gut.
, rubbing against Tony's stomach, and even that bit of friction felt like almost too much as waves of pleasure surged through him every time Tony's cock hit his prostate. He had no idea how he hadn't come yet, but for some reason that feeling of tension building in his gut just kept going and going until Steve thought he would go mad with it, his heart pounding so hard that he seriously thought it might give out on him.
Tony burst out laughing, ignoring the half-hearted slap to his waist. “You took me to the kitchen? What the hell, Steve?”
“That was your idea,” he said with a smile, something in him seeming to relax a little, and Toni crossed her legs as she leaned against her mother's old desk.
“I'm okay,” he said a little breathlessly, and Steve looked at him for a moment longer before he nodded and took a step back.
“Why do you ask?”
Tony rolled his eyes and held out his hand. “Give it.”
They'd had a lovely evening out at Tony's favorite restaurant, a classic choice as far as third dates went, but Steve would be lying if he said he hadn't been looking forward to this all night. He knew Tony had too, judging by the heated looks and fleeting touches he'd been teased with all evening, but now Steve could finally do something about it. And boy, would he ever.
Tony frowned. “You're not –“
“He spent ten bucks. That one donation you for some reason decided to call attention to.” Pepper huffed. “Thanks for that, by the way. I'll have to make sure this whole thing doesn't look like a set-up now.”
When it finally came he was prepared for it, his stomach swooping a second before a bolt of molten heat raced up his cock and spilled out between them, his entire body shaking with the pleasure. He was vaguely aware that he was making noise, but he couldn't hear it over the thumping in his ears, his vision swimming for a few precious seconds.
It feels almost nostalgic to come back to THIS texting format now xD Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
“You hear that, America? I just fucked your Captain's mouth! And I'll do it again!”
“I was thinking that you’re in desperate need to get laid and as long as you’re not ready to go and put yourself back out there this might be a good compromise.”
“That's very kind of you, thank you,” Tony said and found that the words came a lot more easily than usual, his body relaxed and soft in a way that didn't feel invasive or like he'd changed into someone he wasn't.
That seemed to shut Tony up. Steve made quick work of their clothes, which wasn’t hard considering Tony was still in his morning robe and Steve slept essentially naked, before he sat them both on the bed, eying the tube in his hand.
"Welcome home," Tony said, and Steve laughed, turning onto his side to press a kiss to Tony's cheek.
Tony's shoulders tensed because that wasn't – Steve wasn't supposed to be kind to him yet, he
The groan Steve made when he came was so familiar that Tony couldn't help but melt at the sound, feeling warm and sated as Steve kept fucking him spastically, any rhythm lost to the force of his orgasm.
“Well, giveaways always have a great turnout,” Pepper said, still staring at her screen as she rounded up the numbers. “Put some clothes on. I can see your dick.”
“Gonna come?” Tony mumbled, and Steve squeezed his eyes shut because yes, he was, and he could already tell he wouldn't be able to stop it –
Hearing Tony call something
“Mr Stark, there have been all sorts of rumors about Mr Barnes' past as the Winter Soldier. Would you agree that hiding him away at Avengers Compound held the risk of endangering the public in case of his escape?”
“Why don't we get started, Mr. Rogers?”
“Will do.” Or, well, he'd try to. “Will that be all, Ms. Potts?”
, his tongue digging firmly into that spot right underneath the head that always made Tony see stars and oh god, he wasn't going to make it -
“Fine,” Tony gasped out before he looked up at Steve with what he hoped was a convincing smile. “It's okay. Didn't hurt at all.”
By the time he came back to himself his cock was free from the tube and his torso was lying across the table, Tony resting heavily on his back with both arms wrapped around him. Steve wasn't surprised that Tony recovered first, pushing himself off Steve with a deep grunt before he leaned up and pressed a kiss to the back of Steve's head.
want me to stop.”
“Avengers business?” she asked, and Steve's mouth twisted as his eyes darted around the room, landing anywhere but on her.
It took an embarrassingly short time for him to feel that familiar tension building in his gut, a low thrumming heat that threatened to spill over as Steve swallowed around him, letting Tony sink all the way into his throat. Tony was clawing at the sheets to try and get a grip, but he could feel his control slipping, hips hitching up of their own accord to fuck deeper into Steve's mouth, and Steve
stuff like that –
Also, this is the last chapter where we'll see the flip phone formatting. I'm almost a little sad, but also excited to get back to their normal texting :) Thank you so much for reading and I'll see you tomorrow! <3
It wasn't until Steve started returning the favor and Tony looked down at the huge hand wrapped around his cock that the memory hit him. He shuddered hard, something in him throbbing with need at just the
“Still,” Tony shouted. “Fleeing the country? Running from Ross? Just how stupid are you?”
“See that you are,” Steve said, and Tony laughed, his eyes bright with joy as he waved at Steve.
Tony huffed. “Obie told you all about it, didn't he?”
“Yeah, about that,” Tony said evasively. "What's your stance on a second secret identity?" Steve gave him a look and Tony snorted. "Nah, this one's remote controlled. You couldn't fit in it if you tried." FRIDAY obligingly opened the face plate to show the machinery that made up its arsenal. "Got a lot more firepower that way. Even more than War Machine."
"Could you leave that here? I want to shave."
“This doesn't make me want you any less,” Tony said firmly, and Steve sucked in a breath that emerged as a sob, as much from built up tension as it was from relief, and Tony immediately pulled him into his arms to hold him close. “It's alright, Steve. I still want to be with you, okay? This doesn't change anything.”
Tony snorted a laugh before he walked inside with a huge grin, courtseying as he passed Steve. Steve looked almost a little smug as he let the door fall shut behind them, and Tony had to admit it was a little cute. Okay, maybe more than a little.
“I'll say.”
Steve's mouth on his cut him off and Tony's protests vanished into thin air when he felt Steve's hand venture up the back of his shirt, tugging just enough to get at the skin underneath.
“That would be the whole point of getting food, wouldn't it?”
And then Tony came with a guttural groan, pumping his come deep inside Steve, filling him with a boiling heat that matched the fire under his skin –
“Yeah.” Steve pulled away just enough to grin at her, and Toni felt her heart lurch in her chest at the look in his eyes. “I really am.”
“Why not?”
Steve was silent for a moment, but he kept stroking Tony's back, so Tony wasn't too worried. He knew it was a lot to process.
“I promise,” Tony said firmly and Clint eyed him for a second longer before he sighed, snapping his bow shut.
“His dick wasn't even that nice, Pep,” he said with an eye roll as he sprayed cheese onto his nachos in thick ribbons. “It's not worth a post. Trust me.”
“Hot damn.” Tony licked his lips. “Just saying, cause I'd've been cool with you not wanting this, but I am
, without a single clue if Steve even
Steve looked back up at the Liberty Man consideringly. “And you want me to control it?”
“Yeah,” Tony groaned. “Fucking arc fucked up my glands. And my hormones are all over the place trying to deal with the palladium. I haven’t even been in heat this last year.”
“Mr Stark!” Someone immediately shouted and Tony nodded at the lady to continue. “What are your feelings on the first day of the trial?”
Instead he kept writhing in Tony's grip, sobbing out wrecked groans that sounded like they were rubbing his throat raw. Tony kept going for as long as he could, but eventually he had to admit defeat as his hands started to cramp, his arms feeling weak with exhaustion. Steve whined when Tony let go to shake out his hands, meeting Tony's gaze with a lazy roll of his head, his eyes glossed over with a hazy sheen of desperation.
Steve's dick was
, and he couldn't hold back the groan that tore from his throat, his breathing heavy enough that it seemed to echo throughout the room. Tony sighed happily, and Steve's hips jerked forward once, twice more before he was spent, letting himself drop down on top of Tony, mindful to keep his weight off of him with his elbows.
– and someone named Sam who seemed like the most reasonable guy of the group.
The truth was, he’d almost had a panic attack when the doctor told him he’d never have a heat again. Lactating was one thing, but being completely unable to bond with anyone was a punch in the gut. And Tony had always been prone to fall hard and fast. He couldn’t afford letting an alpha into his life only to have them find out that they were courting damaged goods. He’d rather spare himself the hurt.
Steve looked at the unassuming package, his eyes trailing down the side and catching on the label. “Holy shit.”
“Not literally, I hope,” Tony said with mock disapproval, and Steve chuckled.
“You’re more trouble than you’re worth, you know that?” he said. The doll just kept lying there, its pants askew from where Steve had rubbed himself off against it the day before. He sighed.
“We're fucking a
Tony couldn't hold back a surprised laugh at that, but Steve looked more smug than offended, so Tony took that as permission to smirk and say, “I'll show you what I
“So that's settled,” Obie said, reaching out to shake the doctor's hand. “I'm counting on you, doc.”
“You like?” Tony asked, doing a sassy little twirl the way he would've done for Pepper, and Steve swallowed hard, his eyes sliding down over the planes of Tony's bare chest framed by the suspenders that were holding up his stockings and garters. He'd chosen a lacy little g-string and a bow tie to complete the look, and judging by the way Steve couldn't tear his eyes away, it was having the intended effect. Tony cocked his hip and smiled.
Tony stood up and turned his back to the camera, making a show of ruffling his hair with both hands before he slowly bent down and presented his ass to the camera. This part always came easy. Tony had a lot of practice making people pant over his body, and doing it for money was just an added bonus.
To: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
Steve rubbed the salve into his skin, almost instantly soothing away the sting and just leaving that warm feeling of being pleasantly worked over behind. Tony sank into the mattress with a sigh, humming to himself when he felt Steve's lips trailing kisses over his shoulder blades.
accident? He's
Especially if it meant seeing Steve again.
“Scott Lang,” the man said, crossing his arms with an exaggeratedly menacing look. His face was far too innocent to pull it off. “Y'know, Hank Pym told me to never trust a Stark.”
“Okay. You want me.” Steve nodded, relieved that Tony still believed him. “But there's something bothering you, right? You can tell me. I won't get mad.”
“I know. I'll get you some salve and we'll make it better, alright?”
“TMI, Tony.”
“We'll cross that bridge when we get to it,” Steve said cryptically, and Tony bit down on his lips, a happy glow lighting up in his chest because he wouldn't be opposed to that. Wow, when did that happen? “Anyway, what are you doing? Any plans for tonight?”
Tony nodded. “Yeah, good idea.” He let out a heavy breath, looking up at Steve from under his lashes. “That was something though, right? Did you –“
"I'll walk you out then. My office is on the way."
Steve laughed, probing the hole with one finger – and looked up when Tony gasped. “Is it working?”
“Always brought me little treats when she travelled. I think she was the first person to ever tell me I was an asshole.” Steve snorted a surprised laugh and Tony smiled. “Yeah. Remembered a moment later that I was only ten, I could see it in her face, but she didn't take it back. Made me feel kinda proud. Like she respected me as an adult.”
“Aye aye, Sir,” Tony said cheekily, and Steve pinched his thigh in reprimand as he turned towards the TV. A few minutes later Tony couldn't have told you what was happening on screen to save his life, way too focussed on Steve's hardening cock against his back, the way his breathing was slowly but surely picking up speed.
“You've got to be kidding me,” Steve breathed, watching the plant as it tried to pull Tony's pants down, dumbstruck. “Holy shit...”
“Don't scare it!” Tony shouted, flapping his arms around frantically. “It hates fast movements!” Case in point the plant slapped Tony's flailing arm with a flat leaf before a vine wrapped around it to restrain him. Steve sighed in defeat.
Steve came like a shot, gasping out a moan as he pumped his come into the fleshlight, wishing he could watch it paint Tony’s ass, leak inside his hole –
From: t.stark@starkindustries.com
“One moment.” Steve walked over to what looked like a linen closet in the corner of the room, grabbing a long nightgownish piece of clothing and holding it out to Tony. “Put this on, please. You can set your clothes down on the chair over there.” He gestured at the back of the room. “I'll see to something in the staff room, but I'll be back with you in a minute, okay?”
“He literally had
Steve's hips jerked when Tony clenched down on him, trying to find the leverage to fuck himself on Steve's cock, get him even
“He's been subscribed to you for almost three years.” Ah, so Pep was already doing the background check. Nice. “Never donated until now though. He didn't have a premium subscription before today.”
Thaddeus E. Ross
“We'll see about that.”
“Suck it,” she ground out, her mouth dropping open on a groan when he obeyed, fitting his mouth around her and encasing her in warmth. The suction was perfect, keeping rhythm with the fingers pushing against her G-spot, and Toni felt her thighs start to shake as her stomach tightened in anticipation –
"We're gonna be okay," Tony repeated and for the first time in weeks he found that he actually believed it.
"It's not gonna go any faster like that, you know?"
“You really can't reach, can you, baby?” Steve crooned right in his ear, and Tony gasped when Steve's grip tightened around both of them. “Dick too small to fuck, how are you ever going to make me come? Look.”
“Fuck,” Tony said through panting breaths. “That was really good.”
Steve's tongue felt like sandpaper as he looked up at Tony, not quite daring to hope. “What are you –”
Thank you, Mr. President. I am honored to have taken part in this process.
Thank you very much, Mr. President. I look forward to your decision.
Steve looked at him and Tony’s heart thumped at the raw emotion there. “It doesn’t feel real, does it?”
Tony leaned down for a kiss, heart thumping at the noise Steve made when their lips met, his hips stuttering underneath them. He quickly picked up the pace again and Tony couldn't help the way his hands clenched, probably leaving scratch marks on his back.
Dear Mr Stark,
Tony snorted a laugh, pressing a kiss into Steve's hair. “That's good. Maybe we can do it again in the future.”
Tony did, shifting further up the bed until his thighs were pressed right up against Steve's, creating even more friction for him to struggle against. There was a twinge in his lower back, but it only made him more desperate to get Steve off, to do what Steve wanted so he could finally –
Tony paused for a second. His clients usually didn't ask questions about his personal interests. He didn't quite know how to handle this.
“I can't wait.”
Meanwhile Vision was very insistently offering Bruce a cup of tea while Natasha sharpened a knife in the background, glaring at Bruce like she was just daring him to take it. Steve counted himself lucky that Bruce was the one who had fixated on him. At least he had nothing idiotic to fear on that front.
“Couldn’t well ask them for a trip to Radio Shack, could I?” Tony asked with a slightly sharper grin, a subtle warning that the general didn’t seem to pick up on, or maybe he ignored it as he snorted and slapped Tony on the shoulder. Hard.
Secretary of State
“Please just tell me there's no stripper in there.”
Tony cried out when he crested for a third time, his entire body shaking as the heat spread from his groin all the way to the tips of his fingers and toes, lighting him up like a live wire –
Tony only felt self-conscious for half a second before he raised an eyebrow at Steve, a smirk dancing over his lips. “You like me being all domestic?”
Steve pulled back just enough to see his face, the hint of nervousness underneath Tony's serene smile. They hadn't put a name to what they were yet, and Steve hadn't really thought about it, but –
Steve chuckled humorlessly. “Yeah, me too.”
“Steve? Is that – oh!”
Well. “I'm putting my trust in Barnes because I know where he was on the day of the explosion,” he said. “And it sure as hell wasn't in Vienna.” He felt Pepper nudge him in the side but Tony wasn't deterred. “I have security footage to back me up. Whoever blew up that building is still out there. You're hunting the wrong man.”
“Failed experiment. Well, I say failed, but really it just had an unexpected outcome.” He showed Steve the silicone, sticking a finger in – oh, it was hollow. It barely took a second for Steve to connect the dots as he looked at what Tony had brought out, and he felt his cheeks heat so fast that he had to be bright red in the face.
Happy was blessedly silent on their ride home, dropping Tony off at the tower without any unnecessary reassurances. Tony was glad for it. He didn't trust himself not to snap at any attempt of comfort right now.
“You like that idea, don't you,” Tony said smugly. “I know you do. Remember at the theatre last week, when you had me on my knees? Like this I could be there right from the start, even with the lights on, and get you off in full view of
She spit into her palm before she grabbed his cock, just holding it around the base for now as she used the grip on his hair to tilt his head back and fit her mouth against his throat. It strained her neck a little since Steve was so much taller than her, but the result was worth it.
“I'm gonna fuck you so hard,” he mumbled, and Steve laughed, pulling Tony closer as they snuggled down into the sheets.
“Still have somewhere you need to be today?” Steve mumbled against his mouth, and Tony shook his head gently, letting their noses bump together.
It has come to our attention that an unauthorized aircraft has been sighted in the vicinity of the Afghan border, right where local law enforcement officers found the still smoking remains of a terrorist hideout. The lack of an identification number leads the UN to believe that this aircraft was deployed either by SHIELD or the Avengers Initiative. You have 48 hours to come forward with any and all information pertaining to this incident.
But still. It was giving Tony all sorts of ideas.
Steve stared at him. “You know a guy who gets rid of sex dolls?”
For a second Steve felt relieved. Then he felt guilty. “No, it’s – fuck.” He rubbed a hand across his eyes. “No, I’ll do it. I just –“
“Not saying you should. I'm just saying, your options are pretty damn limited here, so you're gonna have to make a choice.” Bucky propped his arms up on the table as he leaned forward. “Can you live with the Accords if it means getting to come home to Tony and everyone else?”
“Oh.” Tony sat up a little, looking off to the side before he met Steve's eyes again. Steve hated to see the sudden tension in his smile, knowing that he'd put it there. “Sorry. If you don't like it I can try to –“
Tony's brow furrowed as he pondered that. “You're saying that your main problem isn't being under someone else's thumb?”
“Oh my fucking god,” he said, staring at the face of a – no. No no no no
“I don't think I will.”
“I'm gonna –“ The thundering of Tony's pulse in his ears drowned out whatever it was that Steve said next, his back bowing as the heat in his stomach suddenly ratcheted up to an almost unbearable degree.
Tony's hand slid down over his slim bicep before it moved on to Steve's back to reel him in. Steve stumbled forward, his heart pounding where he was pressed against Tony's chest now, shivering as Tony's hands trailed down to his lower back, drawing circles right over his tailbone. He almost swallowed his tongue when he realized that he could feel Tony's erection pressed against his stomach, huge and hard and ever so slightly wet. It felt even bigger than it looked.
Hey ho, everyone! We're steadily getting closer to the end. I'm excited for the big reveal, let's see how it goes ;) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
“Pretty good, huh?” Tony asked smugly and Steve watched as he stuck a finger in the fleshlight, jumping when he felt the tube distend in his grip. Holy shit. “Bye bye, boring business trips. We can switch it up if you want, I’ll take the tube this time and next time I’ll –“
“Even when I tell you to eat and sleep?” Tony pulled a face, and Steve laughed, dragging their blanket over both of them before he turned off the light. “Come on. You have an early day tomorrow.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, biting his lip when Tony's eyes darkened, a sly smirk dancing on the edges of his mouth.
Tony liked to think that he wouldn't have done it if he weren't so lonely and horny, but the fact was that he still found himself straddling his living room stool and shoving his cock into a tray of warm apple pie. He came surprisingly fast, cleaned up his cinnamon-filling-covered cock and dumped the entire tray into the trash. That should've been where the story ended.
He couldn't really describe it, but the air smelled – off. Like something was curdling, turning the morning air into something sour, and the source became immediately obvious as he tried to turn onto his back but couldn't.
-- End of Conversation --
“What, did you want to hear something else?” Steve asked innocently, and Tony snorted, pushing Steve back until he could sit up, grimacing at the sticky feeling in his underwear.
“Oh.” Tony glanced up to find Steve looking down at him with a mix of surprise and understanding. “Yes, of course. If you're still feeling agitated –“
"Wait," Steve blurted, feeling immensely stupid when Mr. Stark froze, raising an immaculately sculpted eyebrow.
Steve had half a thought of trying to make a quiet exit when it suddenly turned around and Steve almost swallowed his tongue.
"Yes, please," Steve whispered, the pressure in his chest instantly getting lighter when Tony started telling him about his day, about that time Clint accidentally set fire to the toaster and got sprayed by DUM-E for his efforts, about team dinners and familiar names and faces that settled Steve's nerves like nothing else did.
Tony poked him in the side, his chest thrumming with warmth when Steve immediately snuggled up to him. “
“You're the best, Pep.” He kissed her on the cheek before he grabbed his wallet and stepped out into the glorified foyer of their tiny studio. It was mostly just a table and a couch, but Pepper had dressed it up to make the room look almost professional. Tony didn't know how she did it.
Communication (sort of), yay!
"Well, let me fix that right now." Bucky gave him a surprised look and Tony put his hands on his hips with a cocky smirk. "What? I can't have any skills beyond engineering?"
"Yes, dear?" Steve asked sweetly, and Tony huffed, grabbing Steve's hair with both hands to tug on it in reprimand.
Fairport, NY 14450
Steve's face felt unbearably hot when he realized that it was true. Like this Tony could be touching him anytime,
Tony blinked, and Steve clapped a hand over his mouth like he couldn't believe he'd just said that, his eyes suddenly wide.
The tube was tight, no question. But still, the sensation was barely more than a tease, like the tickle of a feather. He knew it wouldn't stay like that though.
He could hear Bucky sigh over the line. “Look, Steve, just – try it out, okay? I’m not saying you need to feed it and take it out for walks on the beach, just – Relax a little, okay? Can you do that?”
“I'm good,” he said, a little surprised to find that it was true. He'd expected to wake up in severe pain after that ordeal, but he was pleasantly sore at worst, feeling a little like he'd just woken up from a full night's rest. Which couldn't be what happened, seeing as the sun was still up in the sky. “Thanks.”
He could feel the tension building, but in a way that felt completely unhurried, devoid of the usual restlessness that came with it. Instead Tony let it wash over him, his gut hollowing out at the same time that he felt
“I had class,” Steve said evasively, and Bucky nodded with pursed lips.
“Sorry,” Steve murmured, sitting back just enough so he could watch Tony’s ass swallow the tube, his skin tingling with arousal. “How does it feel?”
It took Tony a few seconds to regain his bearings when Steve flipped him onto his stomach, pulling his hips up until his knees were propped up on the mattress.
Steve tore his eyes away, hoping that Mr. Stark hadn't noticed. “Um. I do. I like –
"Later. What did you want to show me?"
“Well, I'm not going to let you throw yourself on this sword for me,” Steve said firmly, and Tony rolled his eyes heavenward, silently praying for strength.
“Ready?” Steve asked, and Tony nodded quickly, his skin tingling with anticipation as he lined up his dick and pushed it into the pie.
“You and me both,” Sam said, pointedly not looking at Bucky who was not so sneakily checking out Wanda's... assets. Again. Steve sighed.
with amendments and slides it over to my lawyers like I'm not even there,” Tony seethed as he kicked the door shut behind him, loosening his tie with a rough jerk of his hand. “Fucking prick. He didn't even give me a notice, just waltzed in there and fucked over three months of planning. I swear to god, I'm going to wipe the floor with his face.”
“Yes,” he said immediately, and she smiled, running her hand up his cock with a feather-light touch that still made him thrust up into her grip with a gasp.
“I'm the king of the fucking world!” Tony screamed, jumping and spinning with his arms flung out, and Steve just kept laughing, so hard it seemed to scrape his throat raw, before he raised his arms up to the ceiling and let out a loud whoop, the kind of noise he'd never made anywhere off the battlefield.
“Make them red this time,” Natasha called after him as the doors closed and JARVIS brought him up to Steve's floor while Tony bounced on his feet in excitement.
Steve rubbed his eyes with a quiet groan, suddenly very tired. “I can do that without fucking a doll.”
“Yeah, this is what I meant. We had a little... lab accident.”
“I can't believe I'm here,” he mumbled and Tony just had to pull him into a kiss, tangling their legs until they were pressed chest to chest, each breath bringing them closer together.
“That won't be necessary,” the vampire across from him – Ignacio? – said flatly, taking the paper from him and stuffing it in a folder. “Welcome to the Council, Mr. Stark.”
“You just want me to keep the beard.”
Steve had no idea how Tony knew this, but Steve sniffed haughtily, leaning back to raise an eyebrow at him. “So? I like it. Is that a crime?”
“Ah.”
“Well? We don't have all day.”
"You're doing that on purpose, asshole."
Avenger | Head of R&D at Stark Industries
“Huh?” Steve's head snapped up, his cheeks heating when he realized all at once what was happening. “The doll – so
And the thing was, Steve knew it was true. Tony would give up this part of their relationship, this part that Steve and everyone who read the tabloids knew was something he enjoyed very much, just so he could make Steve happy. He would sacrifice that much.
“I wanted to ask you something,” he said, and Toni raised an eyebrow, gesturing at the room around them.
“I know it's weird, okay? But I just –“ Tony wriggled his fingers before rubbing his hands on his thighs. “I'm all – squirrelly. I don't know, can I – is it okay if we sleep here? Together?”
“Please,” he said again, barely more than a whimper, and she grabbed his hair, tugging on it until he got the hint and climbed up on the bed, straddling her lap with his hands braced on her shoulders. He looked like he was barely breathing, his eyes boring into hers with so much pleading that it tugged at her heart strings.
“I’m done with all of that.” Tony hugged Rhodey's leg to his chest, wrinkling his nose. “All that compatibility bullshit. I don’t need some asshole’s hormones to tide me over.”
Steve sighed, turning onto his side to sling his arms around the doll, wincing a little as its cold skin touched his. He knew that this couldn't be healthy, exchanging human contact for something like this, but for now he'd take what he could get. It would warm up soon enough, and then you almost couldn't tell the difference.
with, legally speaking,” Tony huffed. He couldn't believe Steve was fighting this so hard. Unless – “Is there some other reason why it can't be me? If so, just tell me. I can take it.”
“You're not eating any part of that pie,” Steve said sternly, and Tony rolled his eyes.
“Already?” Steve asked incredulously, his voice getting a little quieter as he probably turned his head to check his watch. “It's what, 9:30?”
Tony had barely opened his eyes before he knew something was wrong.
Tony nodded numbly, trying not to flinch when Obie patted his back on his way out the door.
Steve gritted his teeth. “Why are you doing this?”
“Hey, it's okay,” Tony said, still in that soft voice, and Steve shook his head, taking a shaky breath.
you home,” Tony said, hoping that his nerves weren't obvious in his voice. Steve nodded, shuffling his food around, and Tony put down his fork as he cleared his throat. “I kept thinking of what I was going to say the whole way over here.”
“No, I'm good,” Tony said, and Steve gave him a brilliant smile.
“I got mad and took it out on –
Tony sighed. “Whatever, just... get me down? Please?”
Dear Tony,
Rhodey’s jaw clenched as he gave Tony a tight nod. “Okay.”
Fuck, this was really doing it for him.
Steve stared at Tony's back for a moment longer before he mentally shrugged and climbed the rest of the way out of the pond. He was just about to pull on his trousers when he felt a sliver of – not quite hesitation.
“Bucky remembered something,” Steve said and Tony threw his hands up.
Steve's heart lurched, settling into a fast rhythm as he glanced over the rock hiding him from view, and barely held in a surprised gasp. The man at the other end of the pond... wasn't a man. At least judging by the thick fur covering its weirdly bent legs and the horns on its head.
“Two hours ago,” Steve said calmly, flipping a page in his book. “What's the Council, Tony?”
Steve smiled, as if knowing that Tony was from New York too genuinely made him happy. Which was – something. “I
“No,” Tony said firmly, grabbing Steve's hand as he gave him a stern look. “We're not doing anything you don't want to do. And if –“ Tony's eyes flashed a little with something like realization before they softened into something almost unbearably gentle. “And if you
“That's not –“
Fifty gift coins rained down on the virtual pile with a message attached that just said,
He hadn't quite realized how much Steve had been holding back until the moment Steve allowed himself to let go, straining against the cuffs as his back arched and he thrust up into the air, groaning as Tony watched his cock rub against the fabric of his boxers.
I guarantee it.
you,” Steve said, his grip tightening with what felt like desperation. “This is all wrong, I love you so much and it's never been like this before –“
finger Steve stiffened, raising his head.
“Come on, Tony. Are you even trying?”
“How do you want me, big guy?”
“Thank you,” T'Challa said, his eyes boring into Tony's. “I hope you understand that if Mr Barnes wasn't currently under the protection of the law I wouldn't be sitting in this stand.”
it again –
“If you have some to spare,” Steve said flatly, grinning when Tony boxed him in the side.
“Poked them,” Tony said unrepentantly. “Anyway, can we talk about that after you get me down from here, please?”
I see. I greatly appreciate the work you've put into this proposal. The safety of our nation is our highest priority and having the Avengers as a reliable defense will be crucial in the event of another tragedy like New York or Sokovia.
It took a long while before Steve finally made it through his orgasm, and by then he felt boneless, wrung dry, like he'd been wrapped in cotton and filled to the brim with hot water.
, okay? Natasha keeps setting me up with women left and right and – and none of them are
“Lube,” Tony gritted out and Steve reached blindly for the nightstand even as he ground their cocks together, driving the air right out of Tony’s lungs. The first touch of Steve’s slick hand around his cock made him jump, drawing a ragged moan from him as his eyes slipped shut, hands clenching in the sheets.
Steve was probably making noise, but there was a loud buzzing in his ears that made it impossible to tell. His fingers were digging into Tony's shoulders so hard it probably hurt, but Tony's grip on him never wavered, lowering him steadily down onto his massive cock that was – oh,
“Well, if I might as well,” Steve said, and Tony laughed, already pulling all kinds of things out of what looked like a storage closet. Steve didn't recognize all of them, but the big, metal table definitely had two bench vices attached to it and –
But she'd made up her mind. No more falling into bed with younger guys.
“Sixteen,” Tony garbled, hands clenched in the fabric of Steve's pants now as he trembled through the intense heat radiating out from his ass. His cock was starting to ache with how hard he was, but Steve's words made him feel off-balance, his mouth not quite wanting to form the words.
Tony's hands kept fiddling with his phone like he was barely keeping himself from getting back to work right away. Steve appreciated the effort. “Not really. As soon as magic is involved science kind of flies out the window anyway.”
Best regards,
“Sorry,” Steve moaned, tumbling them gracelessly onto their sides with his cock still buried deep inside him, keeping his hips pressed tightly against Tony's ass. Tony shuffled a little to get comfortable, chuckling at the feeling of Steve's nose nudging his scent gland.
Steve had heard stories about the faun. Satyrs. Creatures of the forest who liked to seduce men and women alike. But he'd never expected to see one of them in the flesh. No one in his village had ever met one – or at least they'd never talked about it – and the fact that Steve would be the first to have this kind of encounter seemed... unlikely.
“Up on the couch,” Steve instructed, and Tony put one knee on the cushion before he let Steve guide him into position, pushing at Tony's back until Tony was lying flat across Steve's thighs, his ass up in the air with his other leg braced on the floor. His skin was already tingling with anticipation, and he couldn't help the small noise he made when Steve traced his fingers feather-light over the curve of his ass.
“I think we can both agree that the Avengers need some sort of oversight.”
“So.” Tony's fingers traced over the paper for a moment longer before he shut the book and slid it across the table. Steve took it back with a lump in his throat, knowing that whatever Tony said next would determine the future of their relationship – “You didn't draw any nudes.”
Steve's brow furrowed. “Rogue?”
He flinched when the machine rattled to life, moving in a jerky pattern underneath him, and Tony –
“What's wrong?”
Steve swallowed hard, moving a little closer until his forehead was touching its temple, his hand brushing against the fabric of the doll’s pants with every stroke.
came to a halt in front of him, still at a respectable distance, but close enough that Tony could get a good whiff of his scent. His toes curled in his shoes. “Do you have any questions?”
“Nope. Just a spritz before you go to bed after is enough.” Clint grinned. “Actually, you might want to try doing it when he's already asleep.”
“Easy for you to say. You’re an alpha.”
“Yeah,” Steve said hoarsely, stroking his hand through Tony’s hair when Tony melted into his embrace, already halfway off to sleep. “Next time.”
“I don't care! I don't
"I never thought about it like that. I mean, sure, there's the sexual gratification, but maybe there's some possible application in crisis centers or as a tool for trauma patients -" He kept muttering to himself, and Steve sat as still as he could so he wouldn't interrupt him. It was hard to tear his eyes away from Mr. Stark's face though, so expressive and –
“I don't know what you mean,” she said just as quietly, tilting her head to let her hair tumble over her shoulder and reveal the spot on her neck that Steve loved to kiss. “No idea at all.” Steve's grip on her waist tightened.
If everything goes well I might be able to negotiate the terms of my incarceration so I only do minimal jail time. In any case I really hope to see you when I touch down, even if it's only for that day. And obviously I'd love it if you could come visit me in prison.
“Saved?” The general scoffed. “That's not where you save lives, Stark. We're losing soldiers in the dumps, down in the sand. Not in hippie greenhouses.”
And then Steve got it all at once, what Tony was doing, and his heart swelled with such affection that he found himself getting out of bed just to hug him, holding him tight against his chest.
To: t.stark@starkindustries.com
“Have you done that while... since we've gotten together?”
“You gonna help me out?” he mumbled, and Steve's hand found his cock immediately, rubbing the glans with his thumb.
“What? No, I – I just meant because you work across the street.” It was hard to see under the orange light, but Tony thought Steve's cheeks were getting a little red. Tony laughed.
“Hey, no, it's fine,” Steve said, pulling Tony closer. Tony let out a shaky breath, surprised to find that his hands were trembling. “It's not bad. I wouldn't – I mean, whatever you do on your own, that's your choice. I'm not going to judge you.”
,” Steve said emphatically, rolling his forehead against Tony's shoulder. “Oh my god.”
Steve blinked before a smile tugged at the corners of his lips. “Well. There's more where that came from. If you want it.”
“You stay over all the time,” Steve said, bewildered, and Tony huffed.
“Doing what?” Bucky asked innocently. Steve felt his hand clench around the table's edge.
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Just a short chapter today. After this we're really getting back into the Civil War plot, so strap in, it's gonna be a wild ride ;)
"Good to be home. I have to say, I wasn't expecting that kind of welcome."
“You know I always want to.”
Oh. Tony's breathing hitched, his heart suddenly pounding. “Well. He sounds like a catch.”
“See? Totally soundproof. I oversaw all of the construction. As long as we're in here no one can hear us.”
Steve darted forward, trying to get a grip on Tony's legs, but the plant reared up, several vines forming a tight knot that punched Steve right in the chest, hurtling him across the room.
. Because clearly me helping you through this rut is our best possible option right now.” Steve averted his eyes and Tony sighed. “Look, neither of us know what's going to happen. With the serum – I mean, maybe we're lucky and it weakens the effects, or maybe it enhances them, I don't know. But either way I'm not going to let you suffer alone.”
Tony felt his heart pound against his ribcage because that sounded like... “So you'll sign them? If I can get that clause written into the Accords?”
It looked
“No. This is just us showing our concern. The whole team has been talking about it.”
“Yes,” Steve gasped before his brain had even fully caught up with the situation, and Tony pulled back, giving him a stern, almost a little concerned look.
“Whoa! Hey, it's just me!”
“Don't act like you didn't see this coming,” Steve said with more confidence than he felt, and Tony chuckled darkly.
“Let me –“ He sucked in a breath when Steve did it again, fumbling between them to get his pants open. “Fucking –
“Yeah.” Steve pulled away, looking at his hand, then down at his cock with a grimace. “We need a shower.”
“I guess,” Steve said faintly, and the woman sighed, gesturing at the chair in front of her desk.
They will retire. But those who agree, and I suspect that it will be the majority of them, will be the first line of defense for us and the countries that choose to stand with us.
Steve stared at the wall behind him, looking around the room for the source of Tony's voice. He didn't see anything. “Where are you?”
. Tony cleared his throat, looking off to the side. “Well, I don't know about art, but I like to make stuff. Work with my hands, you know.” He tried to play into the innuendo by waggling his eyebrows, but Steve just kept looking at him.
“You guys are so mean,” he whined, but obediently brought the paddle down with more force this time. “Ah! Ow. My ass is gonna be so sore after this. Do you think I can make it stay red?”
“That's right,” Tony said, drumming his fingers on the raffle machine Pepper had rented for the night as he gave the camera a charming grin. “Every ten gift coins means another ticket in the machine. Let's reach that raffle goal, gentlemen. Who's it gonna be?”
Thankfully Steve got the gist without Tony needing to say anything, never breaking the kiss as he pushed Tony's thighs up against his chest and started fucking him with sure strokes, licking firmly into Tony's mouth. Tony shivered, using his grip on Steve's hair to push him downwards, a moan trapped behind his teeth when Steve went straight to where he needed him, licking a tight circle around Tony's neglected nipple.
Steve cleared his throat. “Why don't you turn around? See for yourself?”
Can't wait to see you
Tony raised an eyebrow at Clint who looked at him as if Tony was a complete moron. Which, coming from Clint, was less than flattering.
Steve chuckled, using his grip on Tony's hand to swing him around and right into a kiss. Tony smiled, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck to get even closer before he remembered. "Wait, I want to show you –"
Tony couldn't help it. He snorted a laugh, covering his mouth when something in Steve's eyes shuttered as he turned his face away. “Sorry! No, sorry, it's just – holy shit, we're going to fuck a
“It's okay,” Steve said gently, pulling Tony closer until they were pressed chest to chest, and Tony hissed when he felt Steve's hand slide between them, wrapping around both of their cocks. “We'll do it just like this. Nice and gentle, okay?”
“Looking forward to it.” Tony plopped down next to her, pulling out his phone so he could make first contact with The_Captain. “Do you know this guy? I don't think I've seen him in my streams.”
Steve twitched, his stomach churning with abject horror when Tony nodded to himself and braced his arms, like he was going to pull away –
“I want you.” Toni's mouth snapped shut, and Steve's grip on her tightened, his eyes boring into hers. “No one else makes me feel the way you do. I don't care about anything else.”
Steve rolled his eyes, pushing Clint off him so he could be a protective wall between his friends. “Stop that. We’re watching Top Gun and that’s final.”
of Steve saying something like that to him, acknowledging the way Tony didn't measure up –
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know." Steve sat down on his bed, cradling the phone with both hands. "It's so good to hear your voice."
He could already feel that tension low in his stomach again, coming on a lot more quickly this time. Tony clenched his hands into fists, pushing himself up off the table just enough to get some room to move, thrusting against the warm metal on his cock. It felt obscene, but despite Tony's lewd actions the doctor just kept sitting there staring at his desk, so Tony took it as incentive to keep going. It felt way too good to stop anyway.
The group chat is back! I had a blast writing this chapter, so I hope you enjoy this one!
“You're used to drinking human blood.” When Tony just looked at him incredulously Steve nodded towards the fridge in the corner. “I can smell it.”
God, that thought alone, of all the things she was going to teach him, made her pussy throb for action.
Steve tried hard to keep a straight face, but he had a feeling the warmth in his cheeks was still visible. “It's okay.”
Love, Kandi
Steve groaned when Tony tightened around him, his whole body clenching up at the feeling of Steve's mouth on his swollen skin, tugging on him in a way that sent bolts of pleasure all the way to his cock. He was far too pent up to last long, and Steve didn't seem to be faring much better, so Tony closed his eyes and really let himself
Call to Action
Tony meant to say no, he really did, but he was encased in armor, still riding the adrenaline high of a successful mission, and maybe feeling just a little bit reckless. Which was how he found himself sitting at a restaurant table across from Steve and questioning his entire life’s choices.
He almost choked on a moan when Steve thrust against him with just the right pressure to make Tony see stars and just like that Tony was
“What? That was amazing.” He could hear the grin in Steve’s voice as Steve stroked a hand down his back and pulled him closer. “Never been better.”
"How would you know? Maybe I've programmed in a matrix that counts how many times you..." Tony trailed off when he felt Steve's hand on his chin, tilting it up until they were kissing again, his eyes slipping shut as he wrapped his arms around Steve.
When he finally came it was slow, starting down in his balls and rising to a crescendo that made his cock throb so hard he could feel it in his teeth as it pulsed his release all over Steve's hand. Steve followed him with a tiny groan that Tony licked straight out of his mouth as Steve trembled against him, thrusting a few more times before he slumped down in Tony's arms, pulling him closer for a tight hug.
Thank you for your continued cooperation.
“What?
Tony shrugged. “Just trying to be thorough.”
It wasn't exactly new, this thing between them, but until recently neither Steve nor Tony had had much time to spend on each other. So now it almost felt like they were making up for lost time, learning each others' bodies in all the elaborate ways they hadn't tried before. And, well -
“Will that be all, Ms Stark?”
Fuck, it was making him light-headed.
“Hey, Tony. I got you something.”
Tony's brow creased in a tiny frown, a little irritated at being so blatantly interrupted. “I think that you can find enjoyment in everything if you just –“
Tony shrugged. “I've done it a couple of times. But it's not like I need it or anything, it's just – yeah.”
. Asshole.”
“Yeah,” Steve rasped, already sounding a lot happier, and Tony chuckled, grinning when Steve's breath caught as he shifted his legs for better leverage.
They ordered their pizzas and sat on the bar stools right next to the counter as they waited. Tony tapped his fingers on the bar, propping his head up on his free hand as he looked at Steve.
“Sure, yeah, of course,” Tony said quickly. Then he paused. “Um. Why?”
– “And the winner is –“
“Rut instinct.” Clint gestured vaguely with his apple. “A rut usually ends when the omega is pregnant. So if they're not...“ He shrugged. “It can be very unpleasant. Feels like you haven't done your job right.”
“So you came here to hide.” Bucky cocked his head. “What do you think is going on?”
“Is that good?”
Steve's chest hitched and Tony was about to keep talking when Steve suddenly thrust up into him so hard that Tony's voice broke on a moan.
“Yes, of course,” Tony said quickly before Steve could even come up with an excuse, jumping off the rock and landing gracefully. Steve tried not to look too obviously at his crotch, only to discover that it was thankfully covered by a piece of linen now – which was very obviously tented by his still hard cock. Or maybe it was hard again? Whatever. “You need to go. Before it gets dark.”
Steve's eyes were impossibly soft when he pressed another kiss to Tony's lips, never breaking eye contact or halting his pace. “I love you.”
his mind supplied – when he suddenly heard the phone ring from the backroom.
him –
Tony snorted. “Right. And you think Steve is going to be happy with an omega that doesn't even have heats.”
“Gonna be,” he sighed and Tony frowned at the phrasing, the question dying on his tongue when Steve started licking at his bonding gland before he sucked the skin into his mouth. Tony jerked, suddenly reminded of his still hard cock as Steve worried at the swollen gland with his teeth.
But when push came to shove Toni had to admit that they worked well together. The whole team did, but Toni couldn't shake the feeling that afterwards, when they were getting shawarma, Steve's gaze lingered on her a lot more than the others. Which, okay, could probably be attributed to the fact that she was the one who almost died, but Toni had been getting these kinds of looks her entire life. She knew how to distinguish between appraisal and genuine interest.
“Excellent.” Tony grinned at him, letting go of Steve's arm and wriggling his fingers, probably to try and get feeling back into them. “So what do you say we continue where we left off? No time like the present to test my strength.”
It had probably only been minutes but to Steve it felt like a lifetime, lying on his back with his eyes closed as he listened to Tony spin tale after tale, never once running out of air. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt so light in the chest, like nothing else mattered but this moment suspended in time.
“Brainwashing, yes, I know.” T'Challa leaned back in his seat, looking out at the stand where the lawyers were already sorting through their papers. “Convenient, isn't it?”
“You're the science person. Do the math.”
Steve looked at him for a long moment before he cleared his throat, obviously caught off guard. “Right. Okay.”
“What?” Clint asked, obviously just as discomfited by Tony's outburst as Steve. “Hey, man. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have –“
Tony cursed as he pulled his fingers out with a wince, grabbing Steve’s cock and shuffling forward on his knees.
Steve was looking up at him with a softness in his eyes that made Tony want to squeeze him as he ran his thumbs under Steve's eyes to wipe away the evidence of his tears.
Tony swallowed hard, his cock already rising in his pants. “Yes, Steve.”
Finally we hear from Steve. I hope things make a little more sense now :)
This is officially what that showdown looked like now xD Thank you so much for this, Hemmi. I love you so much <3
, a quiet, broken sound that stuttered on its way out. Tony squeezed down around him, milking his cock until he could feel the throbbing in his
room?” Steve, if possible, sounded even more incredulous, and Tony sighed, looking at him with a small frown.
We're getting so close to the end now, aaaaaaah :') I hope you enjoy this one <3
– oh my god, Tony –
But his eyes caught on the way his come looked streaking its skin. Without thinking Steve swiped his fingers through it, smearing it on the doll's stomach and swallowing hard at the picture it made.
Tony wasn't aware that his uterus was out of place in any way, but oh well. “And that's it?”
Steve took a deep breath that didn’t calm him nearly as much as he’d hoped. “Just because I’m not ready for another relationship doesn’t mean I need a life-sized doll! That’s disgusting!”
“You have. But I like the reminder.”
Steve hadn't done this in a while, he realized as he reached underneath the blanket and grabbed his cock through his sweatpants, taking a deep breath through his nose as he slowly but surely stroked himself to hardness. He didn't get started right away, just closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation of his cock filling out against his thigh until it lay thick and heavy on his skin, tenting the fabric of his pants. Shit, but he'd always liked this part. The anticipation of it.
Scott looked at him with unconcealed awe and Steve had to fight down a wince. Usually that look was reserved for people he'd just pulled out of an open fire. “You'd... wow, for a second that sounded like you –“
“Maybe. Or maybe this helps you more than beating a punching bag does. Just try it out, okay? If it doesn’t work you can just throw it out, no harm done.”
Steve's breathing hitched, his fingers trembling when he rubbed at his eyes.
They both gasped when Steve started to come in pulses that Tony felt like tiny electro shocks to his core, wet warmth spreading inside him and soothing the slight burn of the initial stretch. Steve groaned halfway through, wrapping his arms around Tony as he shook through the tail end of his orgasm, and Tony grunted at the added weight on his back.
"Yeah. First step, make you look like James Barnes again. Get you as far away from the Winter Soldier image as possible. I already asked Helen for skin grafts, we're gonna make you a flesh glove and –"
Steve bent down to kiss him, and Tony met him eagerly as Steve slid his hand down to trace the muscles on Tony's stomach, then going further until he could wrap his hand around his –
It took a long time for Steve's breaths to even out, but Tony didn't push him to talk. His curiosity was killing him, and the tension in their silence made him want to tear his hair out, but if Tony had learned anything about Steve in the time that they'd been together it was that Steve sometimes needed a little peace and quiet to parse through his thoughts before he told Tony what was –
He yelped when he was suddenly flung over Steve's shoulder, laughter bubbling out of him when Steve pressed a hand firmly to his ass and marched toward the elevator. "Alright, Captain Caveman. If you think I won't rub myself off against your shoulder you are sorely mistaken."
To the public she'd had one foot in the grave for years now. And who cared if they counted every wrinkle on her face like it said something about her, that they speculated about every plastic surgery under the sun.
Uh oh.
“You ruin all my fun, Pep,” Tony said with a giant grin that Pepper must've heard because she heaved another sigh.
“Answer's still no. I'm not taking you.”
“I'm pretty sure that's not a word.”
“You’re used to it.”
Steve was getting hard again. He laughed hysterically, trailing off into a moan that vibrated all the way down into his core where he could already feel another orgasm building. This was insane. Steve had no idea he could still
“Not at all,” he said, ignoring the pinch in the side he got for his tone. “Hey. Long time no see.”
“Yeah, it's – fuck, I wish you could try this, it's
“That's true,” Tony said, folding his hands on the table. “But not trusting Ross and not supporting the Accords are two very different things.”
“Something we have in common then,” Toni said, pretending that she couldn't feel Steve's eyes boring into the side of her face. “Still. I don't do that anymore. I'm too old for that kind of shit.”
Steve held up his arms, and Tony grabbed his glass, angrily pouring the scotch into it. He raised it to his lips, his hand trembling as he held it there for several seconds before he slammed it down onto the bar, liquid sloshing everywhere. “God
“Maybe.” Steve gave him a sly grin. “You could make it black, couldn’t you?”
“We never had one from the beginning!”
looking when he felt Tony's mouth close around his cock and he saw – oh shit.
“Yep,” Tony said, popping the 'p' with a sunny smile. “I've been thinking about you all day. If you're up for it we could even do it together, what do you say?”
“I'll be right back,” Tony said quietly, and Steve made a muffled noise of agreement as he buried his face in Tony's pillow and promptly started snoring. Tony didn't bother hiding his sappy smile behind a hand as he scooted towards the edge of the bed and reached for the nondescript bottle he'd placed there before.
Tony hummed, his fingers tapping an irregular rhythm on the back of the couch. “Maybe you can just tell me how you usually jerk off. Give us a place to start.”
So, first of all, thanks to you all for being so patient with the irregular updates these past few weeks. I'm glad you guys are enjoying the fic and I hope I'll have more time to finish this soon.
Steve picked up on the first ring, holding the phone up to his ear with a breathless "Hi."
“This.” Steve's arms tightened around him. “Holding you. Kissing you.”
“Leave it to the professionals, buddy,” Clint said from behind them and Scott frowned. Steve took pity on him.
Tony let Steve keep it chaste for a while, close-mouthed kisses that made their lips slide together and pull apart like a tease of what was to come, and Tony could feel that familiar tingle of anticipation zing down his spine. The drag of skin on skin made Tony's mouth tingle, their lips sticking together just a little until Steve's tongue darted out and made the glide smooth again.
“Make sure I get the keys, yeah?” she mumbled, and the boy nodded like she'd given him the most important mission of his life as he fetched her Chevy. Steve grumbled in protest when she waved the keys at him and made him climb into the passenger seat, but Toni just patted his thigh and told him, “Buckle your seatbelt, bronco. We're going for a ride.”
“You feel so good,” Tony mumbled right in his ear, smirking at the shudder that went through Steve as he started fucking their hands in earnest. “Can’t wait to feel you come.”
“Mr. Rogers,” she cut him off with a polite smile. “Ms. Potts is already waiting for you. Take the elevator up to the eleventh floor and make a right. The meeting room is through the last door on the left, room 1106.”
Steve was blinking rapidly, his chest hitching with an unsteady breath. "I – really?" His voice sounded very small and Tony hugged him even tighter, resting his chin on Steve's chest.
Washington, DC 20500
“Hey,” Tony said quietly and Steve sobbed, his shoulders trembling when he finally sagged into Tony's hold, molding himself to his side. Tony wrapped his arms around him as Steve cried, big heaving gasps that tore at Tony's heartstrings.
There was no way.
Steve wanted to protest, but as soon as he opened his mouth he found that he couldn't. “I don't trust him,” he said eventually and Bucky nodded.
Tony sucked in a breath but obediently started fucking Steve's fist again, the added pressure making his stomach curl with heat. He knew it wouldn't take long, and judging by the way the muscles in Steve's arm kept jumping he wasn't far behind.
“Promises, promises,” he said breathlessly, though he had no doubt that Tony meant it, and Tony laughed throatily, pulling his hand away before it came back after a few moments, suddenly slick. Steve wasn't sure he wanted to know where that came from.
BRANCH 264
Please understand that we are acting in the best interest of our organization and the protection of its employees. Feel free to take up your request with the United Nations for further debate. They should be happy to address your concerns.
“I assure you, Mr. Stane, your charge is in excellent hands. I wouldn't ask if it weren't absolutely necessary for the diagnosis.”
, drinking him in like Steve was starving for him, and Tony could feel his stomach clench with lust in response. He was already wet – he'd have to be a robot not to be affected by the sight of Steve lost in pleasure – so he swung a leg over Steve's hips and positioned himself until Steve's cock was pointed straight up between his thighs.
Toni was pretty sure her mouth was hanging open rather unattractively as she stared at him. “What the hell are you – Are you
Steve took a deep breath, looking down at his hands. “It's not Tony I don't trust.”
Steve stepped up to the armor, running his hand over the plating on its shoulder with silent reverence. Tony bit his lip, almost a little nervous as he watched Steve inspect his work.
did when he said those things.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow, gesturing at himself.
Toni had no idea what her face looked like right now. She felt like she was on fire. “This is insane. Do you even know what the press will say about you? And me? Or how it might affect your –“
His heart was still racing when two officers finally brought Bucky out into the stand. Their eyes met across the room and Tony gave him a subtle nod that Bucky returned.
, I need to come, Tony,
“You can fuck me, you know?” he said and Steve shuddered hard, mouth dropping open on a moan. “I'm loose enough. Gonna fill me up? Get me all–“
Tony kind of wanted to shake him for blindly agreeing to those conditions, but more than that he wanted to kick Nick Fury straight in the balls. Though to be far, that urge came up pretty frequently even without extenuating circumstances.
- The fic spans the events of Captain America the Winter Soldier. Steve tells Tony that Bucky killed his parents pretty much right away and after a bout of anger and some angsty angst Tony gets over himself and they pick up where they left off. Tony agrees to help Steve find Bucky and bring him home. They haven't had much success yet.
“Yeah.” Steve cleared his throat. “Thank you. For... the pizza. And all of this.”
Damn it all to hell.
doctor no less.
GLENN E. STRATFORD, J.D
his pupils blown so wide that his eyes looked black.
“That's a resounding yes, I think.”
“Happy to
“You’re always causing trouble. That butter-wouldn’t-melt smile hasn’t fooled me once.”
“Mr. Rogers?”
Steve was vaguely aware that he was thrusting up into Tony's touch, his cock throbbing for more friction, more pressure,
He might be. But appointing Tony Stark has a distinct advantage.
“Come on. Or we’ll never get out of bed.”
“Uh...” Tony looked around the room, presumably for something that might be useful in his escape, before he gave Steve a sheepish grin. “Think of something?”
She looked back out at the landscape, leaning over to put her head on his shoulder. Steve stiffened for a second before he put his arm around her, and she happily shuffled closer, thankful that she'd remembered to pick a car without a middle console in the way. She could feel his heart pounding where her cheek was pressed against his chest.
“It's okay,” he said quietly, grabbing Steve's neck to pull him closer. “We're going to get through this. I promise.”
“Just wanted to see what was keeping you,” Tony mumbled, and Steve turned in his arms, taking a moment to look at the slight frown of concern on Tony's face before he smoothed it out with his thumbs.
U.S. Department of State
“Rea– No, of course you have,” Steve said a little ruefully, giving him a small smile. “What did he say?”
Rhodey clearly heard the dejection Tony was trying hard to hide because he put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. “Do you have options? Hormone therapy? I’ve heard that sometimes they can kick-start a heat with a compatible alpha –“
But now the time for restraint was over because Steve was
“Oh god. I'm sorry, I didn't – I mean, I know I'm a client and you were obligated to do this, I – shit.” Steve rubbed a hand through his hair, looking seriously distressed. “Oh god, I'm such a creep, I'm sorry, Dave, I'll –“
Tony hollowed his cheeks, keeping up a nice bit of suction as he pulled off Steve's cock, and he could feel his own cock throb in his pants when Steve's hands found his hair and held on for dear life, pulling it deliciously taut.
“Yes, you do, Stevie. You’re cranky as shit all the time now and as long as you insist on being a recluse I’m going to make you have company any way I can.”
A month ago on the exact day that I meant to post this chapter my laptop broke. This fic was completely finished but for some reason I had no safety copies of it (same with about 20 other WIP fics, probably about 150k words in total) because apparently I am a complete dumbass. The technicians I sent my laptop to for repairs couldn’t retrieve the data and I was so devastated that I pulled away from fandom for a while because I didn't have the motivation to write anything.
agitated,” Tony said quickly, closing his eyes as he concentrated on the vibrations against his cock, his jaw going slack with the pleasure-pain. “Oh god.”
Tony snorted, smoothing down the lapels of his shirt. He hated to admit it, but being here where he could already smell the traces of dozens of vampires on the premises was making him twitchy with nerves. He felt like an intruder, and knowing that he had Steve with him, without knowing what he was bringing him for, wasn't helping at all. “Yeah, well. They have a flair for ugly architectural design.”
“Oh? So you'd probably like it if I did this...”
hate the sight of Tony like this for very long.
Tony bit his lip. “Well, we need to get traction back to the channel. Do you have a better idea?”
Steve did, his hands trembling as he touched the edges of Tony's jaw to guide him forward, his fingers tracing the soft hair there. He could hear his own heartbeat in his ears, pounding desperately as his whole body lit up with joy, almost overshadowed by the overwhelming relief that Tony felt the same, oh my god, Tony
. And it wasn't his own body's doing, it was
“I'll fill in for you,” she said with a knowing twinkle in her eyes that Toni wasn't sure she appreciated. “Bring us some drinks while you're gone.”
Tony blinked. “Really?”
“Look who you're talking to.”
“Tony,” he hissed under his breath, and Tony hummed, more vibration than noise against the back of his neck. Steve bit down on a moan when Tony pressed them firmly together, still scratching at Steve's crotch as he ground his own erection against Steve's ass.
One of the women who'd been sat facing away from Steve got off at the next station, and Steve barely resisted the urge to fidget when two others boarded the car, one of them sitting down and the other staying near the door. Steve looked at the guy for a long moment before he realized that staring probably wasn't a good idea if he was trying to look inconspicuous, especially since Tony's hand was still on his –
, oh my god, Steve, get these
“That’s us,” Clint crowed and Bucky sighed, clasping his shoulder.
“You don't eat enough,” Sam mumbled under his breath, not looking at either of them as he piled bacon and toast onto the plate, inching it a little further along the table so it was sitting more in front of Bucky than Steve now. “Damn supersoldiers, getting on my last nerve.”
“I can hide your whole cock in my hand like this.”
“You're not wearing underwear,” he said like it was a revelation, and she chuckled as she pulled him into another kiss that made her toes tingle.
“You heard it here first, folks. The Avengers are proud to say that Sergeant Barnes will be joining our ranks in the very near future. And we're happy to have him!”
Tony twitched when Steve's whole body jerked as soon as Tony touched him. Steve made a choked off noise, tossing his head back into the pillows and gritting his teeth so hard that Tony could see his jaw trembling.
He hadn’t been hard when Steve started but he was getting there, the tingles of oversensitivity slowly turning into pleasure. It would probably take a while before he could come again, but luckily he knew Steve didn’t mind it one bit.
The words felt weirdly weighted. Tony cleared his throat. “Five years, give or take. Damn.”
Tony closed his eyes when he felt a pressure in his gut, right before Steve's cock started pulsing deep inside him, and Steve's whole body tensed up before he seemed to melt into the mattress with a drawn-out groan, his face smoothing out into pure pleasure as he came again. Tony smirked.
idea. Best I've ever had, really.”
Tony was up off the couch in a flash, dragging Steve along by the sleeve. “I'll show you old, you fucking dick.”
Steve choked on his protest when Tony reached down and guided Steve's cock to his hole. It slid in easily, the glide so smooth that it made Tony's breathing hitch as Steve's hands came up to hold on to his hips.
“Nope, I was promised caffeine,” Tony said cheekily, kicking off his shoes before he plopped down on Steve's couch, making himself at home. Steve couldn't help but give him a quick once over. It really was unfair how good Tony looked without even trying. “You don't go back on your word, do you, Rogers?”
“Restroom. Now.”
But then they moved, sliding over smooth skin down to the spotted line where skin met fur. Steve's breath caught in his throat when he touched it, surprisingly soft against his fingers as he tentatively petted Tony's hip, exploring the texture.
“Not anymore!” Tony rubbed his face against one and hummed approvingly, carrying his two armfuls towards the elevator. “I'll get new ones!”
Sam's jaw clenched so hard that Steve swore he could hear his teeth grinding from where he stood. “Barnes, I swear to god –“
“I can still feel things,” Steve said a little evasively before he shook his head and took the plunge. “But only when it's – hard. Lots of pressure.” He squeezed his hands together until his knuckles stood out white. “I can't feel normal touch. I mean, I know it's there, it just – it feels like it's – foggy. Or like there's padding in between. I don't know.” He sighed. “I'm so sorry.”
"I understood that reference," Steve said, sounding more fond than actually joking, and Tony shuffled up onto his elbows, groaning at the strain it put on his back. He really wasn't getting any younger.
The trial of James Barnes, formerly known as the Winter Soldier, has drawn a lot of attention, not just in New York but all over
“Okay,” Steve said breathlessly, doing as Tony asked and settling back down on top of him as if they really were just cuddling up for the night. Tony stroked his hands up and down Steve’s back, closing his eyes as he reveled in the closeness, in the feeling of Steve’s weight on top of him, inside him. Steve let out an unsteady breath, relaxing into Tony’s touch until he went completely limp, draped over Tony’s chest like a warm blanket. Tony hummed.
“Please,” he whimpered, and when he blinked Tony could see tears in his eyes. “I couldn't – oh
There was a soft, glowing warmth in his chest that spread with every gentle touch of Steve's lips on his, and Tony couldn't get enough of it. He shifted a little closer, smiling into the kiss when he felt Steve's hands sliding down to his tailbone before they hooked under his ass and pulled him flush against Steve's crotch.
.” Steve looked at him like a kicked puppy, and Tony groaned, throwing his hands up. “Fine. If it makes you feel better I'll tie you to the bed.” He paused, a grin taking over his face. “On second thought, that's an
New format, yay! Sorry, but I couldn't figure out how to make it look good on a phone screen, so you might have to turn off Creator's style if you're reading this on your phone. It'll still look weird but at least it'll be readable.
“Ready?” He asked, not even waiting for an answer before he lined up and sat on Steve’s dick, grunting under his breath at the stretch. Steve’s grip tightened almost painfully, but Tony didn’t pause, sinking down until he was sitting all the way in Steve’s lap –
“Le petite mort?” Tony asked cheekily but quickly shut up when Steve gave him a good, hard stroke.
“Good boy.” Tony scrolled through the selection, his eyes catching on a bright pink bottle that said 'Preggo Juice'. “So how does this work? Do I put it on before sex or –“
“Good.” She grabbed his hand and led him to her bedroom, stopping only when they were standing right in front of her bed. Steve looked like Christmas had come early, but underneath that she could see just how nervous he was, so she squeezed his hand reassuringly before she guided it to the back of her dress. “Could you get the zipper for me? It's a little hard to reach.”
“I had fun tonight, Tony,” Steve interrupted him before he could really start rambling and had to suppress a grin when Tony visibly tried to hide a proud smile. “Thanks for dinner.”
“Be nice,” she hissed, so quietly that Steve wasn't sure if he was supposed to hear it, before she hurried out of the room. The door fell shut with an ominous clang, and Steve turned back towards Mr. Stark, trying to keep his nerves off his face as their eyes met.
Dear Mr Stark,
, that was even better, making his balls draw up in preparation of what was to come –
Tony pulled his teeth out, haphazardly licking the punctures shut before he slid down Steve's body and clawed his pants open. Steve was pushing up into his grip, his whole body tense like he was poised to snap.
He couldn't stop smiling the entire way home.
“There you are. Okay, look, I'm sorry it took me a moment to... you know, process, but this isn't the worst thing in the world.”
He'd have to buy some nice lingerie for that stream.
“What did you do?”
“Oh fuck – oh god, I'm gonna come –“
Steve's body was tense against his, trembling under his hands, and it couldn't have been a minute before he heard Steve's groan of release, his arms tightening around Tony as he sped up at last, thrusting into Tony to milk himself dry. Tony swore he came again, or maybe he was still coming, or maybe it just felt like he was. Either way he was floating, his body feeling like an exposed wire that kept sending shocks of pure feeling all the way to the tips of his toes, his cock throbbing with the aftermath of what was probably one of the best orgasms he'd ever had.
to someone during sex, like Tony's body was an extension of himself, his cock sliding inside him like it was meant to be there.
“I know I don't deserve – I don't have the right to ask anything of you. It's probably selfish of me to tell you how I feel now, but I can't let you stand there and tell me that my feelings for you aren't real. They are and they have been for the past five years.”
Steve patted Tony’s thigh. “Because I’ll think about what you looked like just now and I’ll come in thirty seconds.”
Tony opened the door just in time to see Bucky zip up his duffle bag, hair tucked under a baseball cap and his arm hidden by a leather jacket and glove. He didn't look up when Tony came in, closed the door with a quiet click and set down the small bag he'd brought with him.
Thank you so much to everyone who reached out to me, it means a lot that you wanted to make sure I was okay. I AM okay, just struggling with some things that are taking up a lot of my time and mental capacities. I hope you guys are doing okay and that you're getting through these times a little better than I am!
, a line of drool trailing down the side of his face that he tried to wipe off on his shoulder, but another vine slithered up to his face and –
Steve shut him up with a kiss that made Tony's toes curl as he wrapped his legs around Steve's waist to give him better access, his breath hitching when Steve's chest brushed against his, grazing his sensitive nipples. Steve nipped at his bottom lip one more time before he moved down to trail a line of kisses along Tony's collarbone, slipping another finger inside him. Tony squirmed on the bed, not sure if he was trying to push up into Steve's mouth or down onto his hand, but Steve didn't make him choose, thrusting his fingers in as he licked a broad stripe over Tony's right nipple. Tony arched off the bed.
Steve didn't hesitate. He swung the door open right away, coming face to face with a decorated officer.
I look forward to our continued correspondence.
Tony snorted. “I've been trying to do that for weeks.”
“Which is why we're here today, isn't it?” Tony said a little testily and T'Challa didn't react beyond a small incline of his head. “And Mr Barnes is still an American citizen. We have our own way of serving justice. So, no offense, but there's very little you can do or say about it. You don't have jurisdiction.”
“If you let me fuck you,” Tony whispered, and Steve jolted as a spike of heat lanced through his gut. God, the fact that Tony could just
“Is there a problem, Sir?” He asked calmly, and the officer twisted to look behind him, a puzzled look crossing his face.
Toni turned onto her stomach, staring at the lines in the fabric of her couch. This was so stupid. She was a fifty-two year old woman; she didn't need this kind of juvenile drama in her life. And yet she couldn't stop thinking about Steve and all the ways she wanted to ruin him. It was awful.
“But true.” Pepper smiled tiredly. “Look, do you really want him? In more than a one night stand kind of way? Or is this just a passing fad?”
“Okay, let's calm down, everyone,” Natasha said, putting a hand on Tony's shoulder. “Why are we here, Steve?”
Tony was going to come soon, and luckily he could tell that Steve felt it too, his hips stuttering in the way that usually preceded him shooting his load deep inside Tony's ass. Tony's fingers were tingling, his stomach coiling as the pressure kept building until he thought he could barely stand it.
“I'm not! I'm – okay, look, Steve, this is kind of a lot and I'm just trying to wrap my head around it, okay? Don't leave.”
“That's perfectly normal. Sometimes it takes more than one,” Steve said reasonably as he settled back into the chair by his desk. “Take your time.”
“Okay, Tony. I trust you.”
“Tony,” Steve rumbled, and Tony felt his voice deep down in his core, making his heart pound even as his chest swelled with warmth. “What – why are you –“
"It is." Tony squeezed another strand between his fingers, straightening it before he cut it off. "But not less important."
“Right.” Steve watched as Tony's face split into a grin, and couldn't stop himself from returning it in equal measure. “That's... good to know.”
Steve didn't make much noise, but Tony could still feel the wet spots on his shoulder where Steve let his tears fall, his heart twinging with every hitch of Steve's breath. He hated feeling so helpless, but all he could do was keep rubbing soothing circles into Steve's back and hope that Steve would tell him what was wrong so he could fix it.
, and oh shit, Tony fucking
was a thought –
Yours always,
“Should be?” Bucky asked dubiously and Sam gave him a dirty look.
“You're about to be even fuller,” Tony mumbled, but he still took his time stretching Steve out until he could barely feel the strain anymore, his muscles pleasantly loose and relaxed. Steve took a shuddering breath when Tony pulled his fingers out and grabbed his hips with both hands to lift him higher, shuffling his legs until Steve could feel the head of Tony's cock sliding against his ass.
Case in point the subway pulled into the next station and opened the doors. An elderly couple shuffled in, barely sparing him a glance, but Tony still pushed down on his cock to force it flat underneath Steve's pants. Which would've been considerate if not for the fact that it made Steve's skin prickle with the friction of fabric against his sensitive cock.
Tony gritted his teeth, holding his hips still by sheer force of will when Steve started
“Sounds like you have a type,” Tony said teasingly and Steve's smile widened as he lifted Tony's hand and pressed a kiss to it.
“I'm fucking a
you,” Pepper said and wisely hung up before Tony could change his mind again. Tony dropped down onto the couch with his bowl of regret in cheese form and tapped at his phone, pulling up his social stats.
, let him really
Steve asked incredulously, and Tony sighed.
“You actually got one?” His eyes narrowed. “Wait, when did you –“
Tony frowned. “I – there was a guy. He said some shit –“
The general's face flushed with rage, but before he could say anything Tony turned around and walked away as briskly as social conventions would allow, pulling out his phone to send a quick message to Pepper. She'd hate him for skipping the speech, but that was a problem for tomorrow's Tony.
Steve snapped his mouth shut, but the words had already escaped. For a moment Tony looked utterly gobsmacked, but then he nodded again, his eyes shuttering.
“Don't come... clo-rghh-ser...” Tony gagged, voice cut off by the vine now wrapped menacingly around his throat. Steve saw red, lurching forward with coiled fists.
“Tony,” Steve said and Tony gasped out a curse, pulling back just enough to see Steve's face. His cheeks were bright red, hair matted with sweat, and Tony felt a wave of pure
. It had nothing to do with you, trust me. It's just primitive alpha bullshit.”
“That was before I discovered the wonders of nipple-sucking,” Tony sighed, raising his glass to toast past lovers. “Good times, man.”
“Nomad always wears black.”
stop, if it kept winding him tighter and tighter until Tony crumpled in on himself and completely disappeared –
“No, I want to,” Tony said decisively, putting the bottle up on the highest shelf of their bathroom cupboard before he closed it firmly. “Let’s do this.”
Dear Mr Secretary,
“Because if not, how can you guarantee that he is safe for public duty? Are there measures in place in case he goes rogue again?”
“Shut up.” He could hear the smile in Steve's voice. “There's only one person I'd need a ring for.”
Tony groaned. “Steve. We really don't have to –“
- The first half of the fic spans the events of Age of Ultron. Stony have a falling out because trust issues and Tony's mind warp really mess them up. Steve leads the new team (Rhodey, Sam, Vision and Wanda) while Tony goes back to the tower, retired. Living apart is awful for both of them.
“What’s the big deal? You go there, answer some questions, then you’re done.”
Steve Rogers was an infuriating prick.
“She hasn't changed then,” Steve said and Tony was relieved to see a shaky but genuine smile on his face. “You should've seen her in the army. She was a spitfire. Didn't care what anyone said about her. Always charged head-first into battle.”
Steve didn't show any sign of agreement, but at least he didn't protest either as he finally settled down to watch whatever crappy soap opera JARVIS had pulled up for them. Tony closed his eyes for a second and breathed him in, trying to find any trace of a rut underneath Steve's usual scent. He didn't smell anything. Then again, Steve hadn't rutted in all the time Tony had known him, so how could be know for sure?
It would be
“Alright. I know when I'm not wanted,” she said, pushing herself to her feet. “Please don't ruin the couch. I still want to sit here.”
“Good,” Tony groaned, and anything that reduced Tony, the man who never stopped talking, to mono-syllabic answers had to be pretty damn incredible. “It's – oh,
“Nothing until we see how it works.” Steve walked around the table to look over Tony’s shoulder as he unpacked the fleshlight along with a hollow tube that looked a little like glass. It was surprising how soft it was to the touch, folding easily when Steve took it in hand and squeezed it.
“Not today though. I have other plans.” Tony waved him along as he walked towards the back of the workshop. “Come on. It'll take a bit to set up, but you might as well watch.”
From: t.stark@starkindustries.com
It wasn’t until they were in their remote cabin, putting down their bags and getting ready for bed, that Tony realized that he was actually nervous as he looked at the bottle of pills that he wouldn’t be taking in the foreseeable future. He knew that a lot of couples did this, hell, Rhodey had raved about it to him more than once, but Tony had never gone the natural route with anyone. It was a little intimidating even when he thought he knew what to expect.
“I liked it,” Steve said, tapping his fingers on the elevator rail as he smiled at Tony. “We should try it again sometime.”
Steve stumbled out of bed, grabbing a wad of tissues and wiping his cock and stomach before he kneeled back on the bed to clean up the doll –
Steve laughed tiredly, nuzzling Tony's collarbone as Tony ran a hand through his hair. His hand stilled all of a sudden, but before Steve could ask what was wrong, Tony grabbed a handful of Steve's hair and
New chapter, yay! I hope you guys enjoy this one and thank you for your patience, I'll update again soon <3
“Well, if I tinker with it a bit I'm sure I can figure something out.” He smirked. “Lots of strength in that suit. I bet I can make you come like that.”
T. Stark
AND PLACE          Residence
“Oh my god,” Tony gasped through his chuckles. “Imagine the look on the UN's faces, holy shit.”
is that people are going to see me walk into a fucking sex toy factory, thinking that I got one to test it out!”
“It's called a hysterical paroxysm.” Steve's hand moved underneath the table. “Hold on, I'll just turn this off, then I can –“
“Ten bucks.”
“Oh.” Tony looked almost a little sad now. “You've never made any noise during sex? Even on your own?”
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, his eyes widening when Steve pushed in with his middle finger. “Holy shit, yeah, I feel it.”
Steve's eyes snapped up to Tony's to see them twinkling with amusement. “What?”
He pushed Steve back into the mattress, a shock of lust trailing down his spine at the noise Steve made when he ground their cocks together, leaning down to touch his lips to Steve's neck. The warmth of Steve's skin paled in comparison to the heat of the blood pumping right underneath, making Tony's head spin with the knowledge that in a few seconds he would be able to
schedule too. High priority alert.”
“Don't need to,” Tony called after him, grinning when Clint threw a “TMI” over his shoulder. “JARVIS, when is Steve's next rut coming up?”
T. Stark
She had no idea what to say to that, but luckily Steve pulled her close again, pillowing his head on her chest. Toni stroked his hair, humming some old song under her breath as the frantic heat inside her made way for a peaceful sense of contentment. She could see herself doing this for the rest of her life.
“You can. But we both know that's not what this is.”
“Whatever.” Tony shifted until his head was lying on Rhodey’s thigh, staring at the ceiling. “I do miss it though. I mean, yeah, it’s nice that I don’t soak through my shirts when I’m turned on anymore, but I keep thinking about that orgy where I had a guy on each tit and they were sucking me dry while a third one was blowing m–“
Steve moaned, high and reedy, and Tony looked up as Steve's head snapped back, the tendons in his neck straining. He felt it when Steve came, his cock throbbing against Tony's as his hand kept moving, a blur between their bodies, and god, Tony couldn't –
“I'm going to want you again later,” Steve mumbled, sounding utterly fucked out, but when he looked up at Tony there was a burning desire there, like the beast inside Steve was only resting for the moment, ready to pounce the first chance it got. Tony hummed, hiding his smile as he buried his face in Steve's chest.
Furthermore the captured Afghan criminals were quick to come forward with information about their attackers, among which were several African soldiers and an enhanced individual who fits the description of the vigilante Nomad. Continued reports have shown that Nomad poses a threat not only to our democratic values, but also to the integrity of the UN security network. We cannot allow this individual to keep acting in his own interests. Therefore the UN has decided to deploy the Avengers in order to apprehend Nomad.
“Since I said so.” Toni stuck her tongue out at her, and Natasha laughed.
“Good to know you're still alive.” Tony tilted his head, glaring at someone past Steve. “Thanks for telling me where you were going, asshole.”
“Not fair,” Steve gasped out between sobs, clutching at Tony so hard he'd probably leave bruises. Tony couldn't care less. “She was your aunt, she – fuck, you shouldn't have to –“
Steve winced, but there was a clear determination in his eyes when he nodded, looking her straight in the eye. “Yes.”
"Come on. You didn't think I'd let them take you away from me, did you?"
lead them with a firm grip on his hand while making it look like he was leading.
“No strippers,” Clint and Bucky said in synchrony, and Steve tried to tell himself that it made him feel better. But.
Steve's eyes snapped open to look at her in surprise when she kicked him very lightly in the side.
They had fun, they broke up, they got back together. The Civil War had left its marks on their relationship, but luckily they had both learned from their mistakes.
“Does that mean you want me to make you come? Or that you want to try and hold it?”
“And whose fault is that?”
Steve took a shaky breath, his nose rubbing against Tony's scent gland as his hands clenched on Tony's hips. “You smell – Tony, I think –“
“Come on, sweetheart, I can't help if you won't tell me what's wrong.” A sudden thought made dread sink into his stomach. “Did I do something? Are you –”
Tony looked over at the giant mahogany table across the room where five vampires in bespoke suits were chatting with each other. One of them was even wearing a cloak. Typical. “I think we got it, thanks.”
“Not if you keep messing up the schedule,” Pepper snapped before she huffed a breath, probably trying to calm herself down. “Just – let me post this one, okay? I don't know why you're saying I can't.”
"Hey," Tony said and Steve couldn't help but smile at the sound of his voice. "Fuck, it's been way too long."
“We could start right now,” Tony said and Steve hummed, pushing him back against the mattress.
“I can walk, you know.”
With all due respect, the Sokovia Accords do not give you the authority to call us in for investigations based on speculation. Unless you can provide us with definite proof to support your claims I regret to inform you that we and our legal team have decided not to answer your call to action.
Rhodey sighed but allowed Tony to snuggle up to him as they settled in to watch a movie. Tony tried to let it soothe his worries away, but Rhodey’s words kept burrowing under his skin, making him restless.
Needless to say Steve caught him before he ever got to the shower to get his revenge. And if Tony's lips were sore enough that night that he actually made use of Natasha's trolling lip balm, well.
“It is,” Steve said, and Tony's grin widened, his eyes crinkling at the corners. Steve was struck with the sudden thought that Tony was beautiful, like he shone from the inside.
“So? Vet this one too, then.”
“You're the only one I follow on that platform.”
Steve kept looking at her incredulously for a long moment before he blinked and nodded. “Okay.”
red, his lips pressing into a thin line as he looked away. “Um. Sorry?”
“No, I will
“You guys are amazing,” Tony purred, tilting his head just so as he smirked at the camera. “I can't wait to see who'll be the lucky one. Or the one getting lucky?” He chuckled, letting the sound catch roughly in his throat the way he knew his audience liked. “I guess we'll see.”
Steve fucked into him and for a moment Tony wanted to tell him to stop because that
Steve's eyes twinkled as he mirrored Tony's pose, a playful smile on his lips. “You want to skip the movie and take me to bed instead?”
Tony jolted, completely taken off guard by the sudden reminder that he wasn't alone in the room, and he turned his head –
“Still okay, Tony?” Steve asked hoarsely, and Tony nodded, breathing out harshly through his nose.
“Hey, no, don't apologize,” Tony said immediately, grabbing Steve's arm on reflex before he looked down at it, comprehension dawning in his eyes. He stroked his hand across Steve's bicep. “Can you feel that?”
“Okay, let's get this straight,” Tony said, rubbing his temples as if he had a headache. “Who's everyone feeling hot fuzzies for? Let's go in a circle.” He pointed at Clint with a sour look. “I'm feeling all types of ways about this fucker.”
“This is the cheesy competition, isn't it? You're doing the –“
“You shouldn’t drink so much. It’s not healthy.”
In the spirit of open communication I want to let you know that some of the Avengers do not feel comfortable signing the Accords as they are now. As you can imagine in the light of how the former agents among our team were exploited by HYDRA through SHIELD, government oversight is a very delicate matter. Nonetheless I am sure that we can find a solution that is satisfactory for all parties involved.
Tony closed his eyes and took a calming breath. He knew that Pepper was right. He really hadn't been focussing on his streams and it showed in their turnout this month. But still, they weren't doing so badly that they needed to rely on assholes who didn't know how to warn someone before they came in their mouths.
“I'll say,” Steve laughed, still a little on edge as he looked up at the plant – which had shrunk considerably now. He blinked, not quite believing his eyes as he watched it retreat back into what he assumed was the glass container Tony had kept it in before all this, going so far as to grab for the lid with its vines and pluck it back onto the container, sealing it shut. “Uh.”
“Can’t wait to do this for you,” Tony mumbled and couldn’t suppress a smile at the noise Steve made at that, eyes snapping up to meet Tony’s. He could feel the bed rock ever so slightly with the movement of Steve’s hips and wished he could see it better from here. “Look at you. You want your cock in my mouth?”
To: t.stark@starkindustries.com
“I can fix this. I promise you I can fix this, just give me time to –“
“I can't describe it. I feel like I won everything.”
Steve only let him pop out of his mouth when he was completely spent, and Tony opened his eyes when he felt the bed rocking, creaking with every thrust as Steve fucked the mattress, breathing heavily.
Steve nodded, but the nervous edge was back in his eyes. “Is she – I mean, will she be there, when...”
Steve could imagine it all too well. His hand clenching around the pole as he tried to keep from thrusting up into Tony's grip, Tony pressed up against his back so he could rub off on Steve's ass –
the world. Barnes is rumored to be responsible for more than 130 deaths over the span of seventy-eight years, all of which Mr. Stark has claimed were committed under duress and thus not liable to prosecution. After the events of today those claims may or may not be null, depending on the judge's verdict.
“This feels way too easy,” Steve mumbled. “I never just get what I want.”
Tony was panting by the time Steve's hips started stuttering tellingly, the sound of skin on skin getting even louder as he sped up. “Fuck. You gonna knot me again?”
Mr. Secretary, I agree that these Accords are necessary, but I would hate to make Captain America an enemy of the state.
Two months later, while Pepper was away on a business trip, Tony fucked a sponge cake.
hair, holy fuck, that was so hot –
Best regards,
“Alright, Shakespeare in love, you know just as well as I do that I won't be the one in pain.” Steve grimaced, and Tony pressed his advantage. “You've heard the stories. Sometimes it lasts for hours. That one alpha, he was about your age, he was on rut suppressant for four years and when they finally made him stop he ended up humping every available object in his hospital room for, what? Seventeen hours?”
“Just trust me, okay?” Tony spread his legs, reveling in the noise Steve made when his cock slid down between his thighs. “Come on. You won't hurt me, I promise.”
“You're home.”
“You know damn well what I think is happening. But either way Tony won't let me help him.”
When they made love that evening Tony half expected it to trigger something in him, some shadow of the feeling he remembered from before, when he'd burned all over for the soothing relief of warm skin against his. He told himself he wasn't disappointed when it didn't happen.
“Wait, Bu-“ Steve stared at his phone as the dial tone rang in his ears, ending the call with a sigh. So much for that.
"We're gonna cut your hair."
“It wasn't a sex fantasy, Tony.”
“Would if you were to describe my smile as such,” Vision sighed, propping his chin up on one hand, and Steve sincerely hoped he never had to see that look on Vision's face again once Vision fell back out of love with Bruce. Bruce who was still giving Steve the most disturbing version of heart-eyes while Sam kept bumping his elbow in his efforts to aggressively feed Bucky. Who was trying very unsuccessfully to get on one knee in front of Wanda as curls of red magic kept pushing him back onto his stool.
“Define ruin,” Tony said, and Natasha glared at him.
For a second Tony thought he would throw up all over the nice, tiled floor.
"Nope. Shower first, cuddles later."
“I've wanted to ask you for a long time,” Steve said quickly, like he needed to explain himself. “I thought it – well, before Clint said... what he said. I never thought you would be... interested,” Steve said carefully, looking at her from under his eyelashes and – ah, shit.
“No touching. That's for me.”
it.” Tony twitched when he felt Steve's fingers card through his hair before he let himself melt into it, his shoulders slumping as Steve scratched at his scalp. “You got upset over things that aren't true, Tony. And it pains me to know that you believe those kinds of things about yourself.”
Toni frowned over her pillow. “Hurtful.”
“It's part of my charm. Always keeping you guessing.”
Obie grumbled under his breath but followed the doctor's directions, giving Tony a warning look on his way out. “Don't you go and omit the details, young man. You tell him what you did.”
“You ditched us last week, you don’t get to make demands.”
that – “I'll be the best you've ever had. Maybe the best you ever
Tony thought back to the times when Steve was in DC, to those lonely nights when he'd looked at pictures of him and Steve and wished – “A couple times. Never when you were with me in the building though.”
, Tony,” she said firmly, giving his arm one last squeeze before she looked at the clock and gathered their documents for the shareholders meeting. “Just think about it, okay? Maybe you could give him a chance.”
Still, they hadn't done more than over the clothes touching yet, and even that had seemed to be a novelty for Steve. So she didn't regret her decision. But if their patience finally ran out tonight, well...
Steve's hand was playing with his hair now, and Natasha took one look at them before she rolled her eyes with a sigh.
He hid it well, underneath that veneer of 'yes, ma'am', 'thank you, ma'am', but Toni could see right through him. That butter-wouldn't-melt smile was about as real as her tits in the nineties.
“That's it,” Steve confirmed, and Tony felt a tiny bit of the tension leak out of his shoulders. No brain zapping then, fantastic. “You might feel a bit of tingling from the electrical stimulus, but it's not harmful in any way, I promise.”
“You're serious?” Tony asked dumbly, and Steve nodded, biting his lip.
Tony didn't believe him.
Bucky tutted, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. “That’s not how presents work, Stevie. It’s gotta be a surprise.”
“Fuck, just like that, Steve,” Tony sighed and that was – oh boy.
The remaining signatures of the Avengers team have been verified by our legal team. With regards to the fact that the established deadline was not met, plus the recent attempt to escape the country, the UN has come to the following verdict:
Steve obediently rolled onto his back and Tony wasted no time dumping almost half the bottle of lube onto his hand before he reached back and fingered himself open as quickly as he could. Which was very quickly. He’d had some lonely nights recently.
Notetakers:        The White House Situation Room
they – oh, fuck, it's right on my prostate –“
"Steve," he ground out, and Steve clearly knew what he meant, doubling his efforts to apparently suck Tony's soul out through his dick, his beard glistening with spit and pre-come, and Tony -
“Excuse me,” Steve said tightly, but the vampire didn't let go, looking Steve up and down.
Tony sincerely doubted that but since Bucky had been adamant about making his own choices during this trial he couldn't really say anything. His testimony had been as much of a mess as Tony had expected, but in the grand scheme of things he could see how it might make Bucky seem more sympathetic, the way he'd stoically confessed to each and every accusation, with the exception of Vienna. They'd just have to hope that the jury saw it that way too.
“But either way I believe Mr Barnes would be better off in a correctional facility. Or a mental hospital.”
“Okay, I'm ready, let's go,” he said, and Steve pulled his fingers out, wiped them on his stomach and reached for the lube to slick up his cock. Tony watched him with hooded eyes as Steve shuffled closer and positioned himself before he pushed in with one smooth stroke, closing his eyes at the sudden heat clenching around him. Fuck, that was –
“You're incredible,” Steve said sincerely, and for a second Tony looked almost uncomfortable before he shook his head and pressed another kiss to Steve's lips.
“We just finished,” Steve said, but still pulled Tony back on top of him. “And that's not what I meant. I thought about us. What we are to each other.”
Steve could feel his cheeks heating up. “I, uh. My balls.”
"You always do," Steve said, letting Tony herd him in front of one of the panels on the wall. Tony grinned when Steve went very still, apparently seeing where this was going. "Tony –"
“What's the Council?”
stupid.”
Fuck, Steve loved this man so much.
Steve's brow furrowed. “What do you –“
Steve watched helplessly as Tony wriggled around, looking for purchase on one of the vines holding him. The plant only responded by gripping him tighter, its leaves bristling when Steve carefully tried to inch closer. Steve frowned.
a good idea,” Tony shouted, his fingers already itching as he kneaded the blanket, nervous energy buzzing under his skin. “Holy fuck, why didn't I think of that?”
“How could you possibly know that?” Tony asked and Steve smiled.
“It was a cake, Steve,” Tony sighed, closing his eyes as he dropped his head back to Steve's chest. “I fucked a cake.”
"Hey," he said and Steve raised his head just enough to look at him, the fond warmth in his eyes making Tony's stomach clench. "You're here."
“Left,” Tony gasped against Steve's mouth, and Steve pushed through the door that Tony pointed him to, kicking it shut behind him as he walked over to the bed and dropped his precious cargo on the sheets. Tony laughed when he bounced on the mattress before Steve was on him, fitting their mouths back together as he fiddled with the buttons of Tony's shirt.
Steve just stared.
Steve took a deep breath. Now or never. “This is probably really unprofessional, but I – um.”
“He'll turn visible again in a couple of hours. But until then someone should probably keep an eye on him.”
Steve swallowed, pulling his fingers out a lot more carefully than he'd pushed them in, stretching Tony with slow movements. He'd used to do this a lot, mostly to himself because usually people didn't look at his scrawny body and see him as anything but a catcher, but he'd always tried to do it fast and save valuable time. Maybe that was different in the future too.
Tony shrugged. “Unless you have anything to add?”
“You guess?” Mr. Stark asked. “Come on, I spent months developing that silicone tube in its ass. On a scale of one to ten, how realistic does it feel?”
“Hm.” Mr. Stark leaned back in his chair, tapping his fingers on the desk. “So what did you do with the doll if you weren’t fucking it?” A pause. “Did you fuck yourself on it?”
“Perfect. Dave, get your war paint on. Steve, follow me.”
“Feels good, huh?”
Tony snorted. “It’s barely as big as your finger, you –“ He gasped when Steve pushed it in, his hands clenching on Steve’s shoulders. “Fuck. That’s cold.”
When Steve opened his eyes Tony's face was a lot closer than before, his eyes heavy with promise as he put a hand on Steve's cheek.
“That's why I wanted to ask you, if... I mean, if you –“ He cleared his throat. “Do you think you would... consider it? If the option were available? To do that again?”
“You know I can't resist you, Cap,” Tony whispered right next to him, and Steve flinched away, clapping a hand over his ear. Fury sighed.
“Told you.” Tony sounded so smug that Steve hit him weakly in reprimand, his whole body curling into the motion of Tony's fingers inside him to try and keep him there. He barely noticed when Tony added a third, already riding so high that it felt like he would burst, but when Tony teased at his rim with a
“It was red velvet.” Tony traced a circle onto Steve's chest, resigned to accept whatever Steve's reaction would be once it fully sunk in. “I like the ones with cream filling. Not as much as I like pie, but I wanted to try something new, so –“
page was filled with him, his face, his hands, his workshop. Steve swallowed hard, his fingers twitching with the urge to shut the book because this suddenly felt way too intimate, like Tony was looking right into his soul –
“That's disturbing,” Clint said drily as his eyes twitched over to Sam and his cheeks flushed. “Fuck, I hate this. I'm not even into dudes.”
Tony fought down a sigh. “Obie – that's Mr. Stane. Obie arranged the meetings.”
Tony looked down at himself before he gave Steve an incredulous look. Then he laughed, loudly enough that it echoed throughout the clearing. Steve ignored how the sound made his stomach swoop.
“Yes. Start at any point you'd like.”
She took him to her private lodge upstate, which was out in the middle of bumfuck nowhere just the way she liked it. Honestly the 'lodge' was just a glorified hollywood swing on some private property, but nothing could beat the view, watching the big city lights twinkling like they were competing with the stars.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Tony ground out as he picked up the pace, trying desperately to rub up Steve's entire length. He could feel the curve of Steve's smile against his neck.
“So who's going to fly the jet?” Scott asked with a distinct bounce in his step. He kept glancing at Steve from the corner of his eyes but Steve chalked that up to nerves. “I mean, I could. I've taken a lesson or two in my day –“
Tony couldn't argue with that. He sunk back into their nest, letting soft kisses and even softer words lull him to sleep.
Tony paused, blinking himself awake as he moved his arm away from his chest, rubbing at the cold spot on his wrist. What the hell?
CLASSIFIED//FUOU
Avenger | Head of R&D at Stark Industries
“Yeah, I figured. With the whole remote location thing.”
He couldn't really describe the feeling of it. It was uncomfortable, yes, but underneath that there was a flicker of pride at being able to take it, along with a muted pleasure that seemed just out of reach for now. But Steve knew that he would get there with time.
“Steve, hey,” he said gently, and this time Steve let him turn around just enough to see the side of his face where he had buried it in Tony's neck. “You okay? What happened?”
“I've never liked Say Yes To The Dress. And anyone who does is a mouth-breathing idiot who's clearly never seen a good show in their lives.”
Bucky held perfectly still as Tony slowly but surely made his way across his head, shaping his hair into a semblance of what he'd seen on old war reels in his childhood, so concentrated on getting the sides even that he startled when Bucky spoke.
“Hot damn,” Tony said with a dazed expression when they finally pulled apart, both of them panting heavily. “I don't know what I did to deserve that but please keep going.”
"Yeah. Who would've thought."
Steve blinked. Tony kept staring at him while Steve processed all of that, but before Steve could say anything Tony nodded, his face still carefully blank.
Tony was kissing him again before Steve could even process what he said, harder this time, and – oh,
Something about this felt... weird. A satyr telling him to put his clothes on, when all the stories he'd heard said... well, the opposite. Wasn't the –
The truth was... it was a really good snuggle companion. But Steve would rather die than admit that he’d been cuddling up to a sex doll at night these past two weeks. Clint would never let him live it down.
“So with that in mind I believe the best strategy would be to –“
“-ony? Tony!”
“No,” Tony said, plucking that thread of doubt by the root. “You were perfect. I'll tell you if you say something I don't like.”
“I'm gonna –“ he said, and Steve silenced him with a deep kiss as he sped up, thrusting against Tony with just enough force to make him throw his head back and come, his mouth open and lax as he let the waves roll through him. Steve wasn't far behind, his hips jerking irregularly until his head dropped low between his shoulders as he shuddered through his own orgasm, his arms giving out as soon as he was done.
“Not an Avenger, tic tac,” Sam said over his shoulder and Scott scowled at his back.
, holy shit, Tony couldn't get over it -
to get their hands on me.”
“You like it?”
“Bastard,” Tony panted and Steve laughed, crawling up over him to give him a lingering kiss. The taste sent a shiver down his spine, knowing what Steve had just done for him, and Tony forced his noodley limbs to cooperate as he flipped them over, landing ungracefully on Steve’s chest. “Fuck. I’m too old for this.”
“I'm going to ruin you for other men,” Tony rumbled, possessively, and Steve arched into his touch, hips hitching forward to rub his cock against Tony's.
“This is really doing it for you, huh?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, turning over to his head down on Steve's chest so he could listen to his heartbeat as it slowly sunk in that this was really happening. “Yeah. I guess I will.”
“Fine. Tell me on the way.”
Steve grabbed the lube from out of his bedside table, setting it down on the bed for when he recovered enough to get hard again. Then he grabbed the doll's ass, marveling at how plump it was in his hands as he squeezed it, his heart pounding with anticipation. He couldn't believe he was going to do this, but what was the harm, really? After all this was what the doll was made for.
“That's for leaving me high and dry,” Tony grumbled, still wiping his hand on Steve's shirt. “Live with the stains tomorrow, asshole.”
Tony smirked, already leaning up for another kiss as Steve pulled him closer. “I'm all ears.”
“Because it would be perfectly natural if you didn't –“
“Go team,” Steve said dryly and Tony laughed, pressing a kiss to his collarbone. His chest thrummed with warmth when Steve kissed the top of his head in turn, lingering for a good few seconds. “You smell really good.”
“No need to be shy. If you want I'll scream with you.” Tony grimaced a little. “Might have to step back though. I don't want to blow out your eardrums. Or vice versa.”
A small thrill went down his spine when he felt how easily Tony stretched around his fingers, still loose from the night before. Tony didn’t even flinch when Steve went in with two at once, just let his thighs drop open so Steve had more room.
Instead he gave himself a push and walked towards the meeting room, knocking on the door. A quiet “Come in” prompted him to open it and step inside, giving his interviewer a hopefully charming smile –
“Yeah, I know,” Steve said, surprising Tony yet again. “But wanting a choice isn't the same as wanting to be independent either.”
, before in his life, but this – something about this –
“Tony,” he admonished, grabbing his wrist. “Not where anyone could –“ He broke off when he realized that nobody
“Am I interrupting?”
Steve coated his fingers with lube before he prodded at the tiny hole between the doll's legs, pushing his middle finger inside. It felt impossibly tight, and Steve could already imagine the way it would feel around his cock, sucking him in just like this as he fucked it as hard as he wanted because it wasn't real, it didn't – it didn't –
Subject: Avengers Signatures
thought about?”
Hey guys! Great news! I might actually be able to finish this fic in June if all goes well, so yay! Daily updates are back :D I hope you enjoy this one and I'll see you tomorrow!
Dear Mr Stark,
“It's very nice to meet you. My name is Dr. Steve Rogers, but you may call me Steve. I'll be performing your pelvic massage today.” Tony bit his lip when Dr. Ro –
Damn it. So much for not thinking about it.
Steve quickly fell into his rhythm, and soon enough they were both humping the pie with leisurely strokes, their dicks brushing every now and again when they timed it right. Tony wanted to focus on the pleasure, the sucking noises of the filling as he pushed his cock into it, but –
this much, but here he was, his entire body on fire because Tony was playing him like a goddamn instrument. “I'm gonna – Fuck, Tony, I'm gonna come again, please keep –“
“Do you want to see the set?” Tony asked, gesturing further into the studio, and Steve seemed to blink back to life, sucking in a breath as his eyes darted around the room.
take him out, and in time all the headlines proclaiming her age as front page news faded into background noise. It wasn't hard to ignore everyone else when at home she had Steve looking at her like she was a goddess, like she was
“Of course, Mr. Stane,” Dr. Yinsen said, still with that bland smile, before he turned to Tony. “If you'll follow me, Mr. Stark, I'll take you to your physician.”
I have utmost confidence that he can.
"Yeah, I got him," Tony answered for Steve and the woman nodded one more time before she said something in Wakandan and walked back inside the jet. It took off barely a minute later and they both watched it go, Tony still perched on Steve's hips.
Steve stared at him for a long moment before he seemed to give up, letting out a deep breath as he smiled at Tony. “Alright. Can't say I get it, but okay. Whatever you need.”
“I know it's not – I mean, I know you prefer to bash things with your bare hands, but since that won't be possible for a while I just thought –“
“Thank you,” Steve sighed, and Tony hid a smile against his throat as Steve pressed a kiss into his hair.
“With pleasure, Sir.”
“Um.” Steve looked down at his soaking wet crotch, and Tony rolled his eyes, tugging at him until Steve stumbled to his feet.
Steve was frowning at him now, and it only served to make Tony feel worse. “Don’t talk to me like that. I’m not –“
“I'm thirty-nine, you bitch.”
Steve arrived at breakfast a little early the next morning and was surprised to see most of his fellow Avengers already sitting at the table. There was a free spot next to Bruce, and Steve debated whether or not he should run the risk of another awkward interaction before he changed course and sat in between Sam and Bucky, ignoring the holes Sam's eyes were burning into the side of his face.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Whatever you say. Just know that I would never judge you for being with a younger guy, okay? Fuck the tabloids.”
“Yeah. At least today can't get any worse.”
“You couldn't let anyone hear you, huh? Back then?” Tony asked softly, and Steve gave a jerky nod.
Steve's breathing caught in his throat when Tony made a strangled noise, hips kicking up as one of the vines traced circles over the head, digging right into the slit. The other one was winding round and round the base, dragging its entire length over it, and judging by how wide Tony's eyes suddenly were the sensation had to be something else.
Steve's eyes narrowed at the challenge, the way Tony had known they would, and Steve reached out to grab Tony's shoulder for balance as he scooted forward. The sight of Steve's cock hovering right above one of the gaps in the braided design of the pie crust made Tony's breath catch in his throat.
“Mhm.” Steve heard Mr. Stark shuffle his feet as he probably sat back in his chair, but couldn't bring himself to look at him. “I can imagine. It feels pretty real, doesn't it?”
This time Tony used his nails to scratch at him, the sensation dulled by the thick fabric into something way too fucking good, and to his horror Steve could feel a sudden tension in his balls, his stomach tightening with the low coiling heat.
They caught their breath for a minute before Steve sighed and pushed himself up on his elbows, looking down at Tony with a fond expression. “Hi.”
“Come on. I'll show you something.”
Tony couldn't not kiss him again, hissing at the feeling of Steve's hand on his cock as he arranged them so they were lined up perfectly before he lowered himself down on top of Tony, grinding them together. Steve broke away to press a line of kisses down Tony's neck all the way to his chest, and Tony's breathing hitched when he felt Steve's beard scratching over his skin, hopefully leaving marks that he would find tomorrow.
“Well, you're gone, so.” Tony plopped down on the couch, putting his feet up on the table. “Not much to do that can't be done in bed. I'm going to be my own evening's entertainment, if you know what I mean.”
“A plus one thing.” He could see that Steve didn't know what he was getting at so he elaborated with a sigh. “All vampires are required to bring a human to those meetings. I think they call it a bond mate or something.”
“Alright,” Tony said, beckoning him over before Steve could start down that rabbit hole. “Hold this for me.” He handed Steve the tube, positioning it at the very edge of the table before he took the not-glass sheets and inserted them horizontally into both vices. He tucked the tube between them so that only the very tip of it was poking out from between the sheets before he cranked the vices just enough to hold it in place. “Nice. Let's do this.”
“And you're sure this is going to work?” Steve asked dubiously as he watched Tony lay out the supplies on their nightstand, both of them already naked. “Because if not I can always –“
“Huh,” Tony said eloquently, and Steve grimaced, looking off to the side.
was probably the right word. He looked like the doll, but at the same time they were nothing alike because Mr. Stark was
“Exactly.”
“Sorry about this,” Tony whispered, unsheathing his fangs in the desperate hope that this was what he was supposed to be doing, and Steve stared at him for a long moment before he nodded and tilted his head. For a split second Tony thought of just making a run for it instead because this was a
Go, go, Tony!
“I’m close,” Steve gritted out and Tony pressed a kiss against his neck, worrying the skin with his teeth until Steve started trembling.
“No,” Tony said firmly, hugging Steve tighter as he grimaced, rubbing his face against Steve's shoulder. “No. I refuse to be a fucking feedback loop of sadness. Just no.”
“No, no. It was this actually.” Bruce held up a small vial filled with a blueish liquid. “We've been working on a solution to help with stealth operations. It works, obviously, but we haven't figured out a way to instantly reverse the effect. Tony broke one of the vials.”
“Not because I support the Accords,” Steve said quickly, his face twisting into a grimace. “They're going to need a lot of work before I can really stand behind the UN. But –“ He took a deep breath. “I can't let this be the reason that the team falls apart. The most important thing is that we all stay together.”
Steve gave him an innocent look that made Tony’s grip tighten in his hair, using it to pull him closer. His cock was throbbing with the pressure when Steve didn’t let up, only took him down into his throat and
“You smell so good,” he said, his voice muffled, and Tony couldn't suppress a relieved laugh, a probably disgustingly fond smile on his face.
“You've done it before,” Pepper said, not even looking at him from where JARVIS was projecting her face onto a holo screen above the bed. “And you're not having sex with him anyway.”
“No, I think it's cute.” Steve wrinkled his nose, and Tony quickly steered them away from that potential pothole. “You want to try the bed? I mean, it's technically yours.”
, Tony,” Steve said with a spectacular eye roll. Then he smirked. “But if you think you're too old to make out in the shower, grandpa –“
He didn't know long it went on, but when they finally stopped he was panting, his heart pounding like he'd just run a full marathon as he opened his eyes. Tony looked like a vision, his smile so radiant that it almost hurt to look at, and before Steve could start to feel awkward Tony raised his arms and shouted.
Steve jerked in his arms when Tony scraped him with his teeth, his hips dragging against Tony's, and Tony suddenly realized that he could feel Steve's rock hard cock through his pants, rubbing up against him with sharp movements. Tony pulled back just enough to look at him, and –
Tony shouted when he was suddenly
“Okay, stop.” Pepper closed her laptop, setting it to the side before she turned to face Toni. “What's this about? You've never had a problem with what the paps write about you.”
“We're not married.” Steve leaned forward to kiss Tony so softly that Tony's lips tingled with it before he laid on his side, pulling Tony down with him. They rolled over until Tony could spoon Steve comfortably, tucking his legs up and burying his face in Steve's neck. For a long moment they just breathed together and Tony could've nodded off to sleep like this if it weren't for the lingering tension in Steve's shoulders, the frustrations of today still hanging over them.
Steve waved a hand at nothing, suddenly unsure if his assumption might offend Tony. “I heard... I mean, you're supposed to –“
see. His own reflection was staring back at him from the opposite side of the elevator, his cheeks flushing the more he thought about what this meant –
sensitive – cock. “Please, Tony, I – I need –“
"You want me to put you down?" Steve asked and Tony frowned at him.
“No, it’s fine,” Steve said quickly, averting his eyes so Bucky couldn’t read him like a book. “It was… thoughtful. In a very backwards, inappropriate sort of way.”
, Steve, please –“
“Did I?” Steve reached out and slapped Tony’s ass deliberately. “There. Now we’re ev–“
“Wonderful.” Tony clapped his hands, grabbing his jacket and patting down its pockets to check if he had his wallet and keys. Then he turned towards the back room and shouted, “We're going to Luigi's, you want anything?”
“Thank you,” Steve said faintly, his head thumping onto Tony’s shoulder as soon as Helen was gone. “Oh my god.”
He wanted to call it off, tried to tell himself that it wasn’t worth the eventual pain, but when he came into the kitchen the next morning and Steve looked at him with the sweetest, slightly self-conscious smile that wasn’t meant to belong on any alpha – Tony knew that he couldn’t.
Right next to the waterfall was a tiny alcove, hidden by the large rocks surrounding it, and Steve made a beeline towards it, already digging the soap he'd just bought from the vendor earlier today out of his basket.
“Thanks. You clean up nice too,” Toni said, grabbing two champagne flutes off a passing waiter's tray before she handed one to Steve. “Here you go. To us.”
"Whatever you say," Tony said, eyes dropping shut as Steve worked his fingers into his hair, a smile tugging at his lips. "Whatever you say."
In the end though what was done was done and Tony couldn't do anything about it other than try to help Steve in the aftermath. Which proved to be a lot more difficult than Tony had anticipated.
Tony hooked an arm over his shoulders to pull him closer, licking a line up the tendon on the side of his neck, and Steve's hips stuttered, his breath hitching as Tony found that spot right in the hollow of his throat that sent spikes of pure pleasure directly to his cock.
“Hey,” the guy said, something distinctly nervous in his voice as he straightened his shoulders and held out a hand to shake. Probably trying to make himself look bigger. “You must be David. I'm Steve.”
“It's that easy?” He asked dubiously, and Charles smiled at him.
“Yeah,” Steve said weakly, and Tony nuzzled the side of his neck, pressing a kiss just under his jaw.
“Shut up,” Tony spit, running a hand over his face. “Not now, okay? Just – not now.”
Tony clucked his tongue, giving Bucky one last look before he lead the way inside the conference room, a wide smile on his face.
a boy scout,” Steve teased, and Tony just gave him a shit-eating grin, already squirting some of the lube into his palm.
Steve's heart was pounding as he stared at Tony, his tongue tied because he'd legitimately just said it, just
The doll wasn't looking at him, but Steve felt seen anyway, uncomfortably exposed as he stared right at the doll's lifeless eyes. After a moment's hesitation Steve moved to the side and turned the doll over onto its stomach. There, that was better. Also –
“Nothing that you don't ask me to.”
“Besides,” he said slyly, winking when Steve's eyes snapped to his. “Who's to say that being suspended from field duty means you can't be there?”
Find attached the details of this arrangement in the Avengers Suspension Guidelines, along with the arrest warrants of one Steven Grant Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes. If any of the Avengers are found to be in contact or offering aid to the aforementioned individuals they will be prosecuted. If any of the Avengers withhold information regarding the location of the aforementioned individuals they will be prosecuted. In the event that the UN secures information about the location of the aforementioned individuals the Avengers are bound by contract to arrest them and bring them in to stand trial before an American jury.
“I'll do it,” he said, his voice raspy, and Tony looked concerned for a split second before he laid back on the bed, shoving a pillow under his hips.
