"Thank you," John replied hoarsely. He took a drink and sighed with relief after the cool fresh water coated his throat. "What's that on the plate, looks like cake."
"Or what? You're going to teach me a lesson? You going to hit me? That's very mature boys. I see Carl Junior taught you well, and look where it got him."
While Molly took their orders, the Hell Hounds leader, Sherlock Holmes, pulled up in his black Plymouth Fury with hand-painted purple flames down the sides. His personalized plates read FREAK, a nickname that stuck thanks to Phillip's girlfriend Sally Donovan. He got out of the car, smoothing back his dark hair, one unruly curl laying against his pale forehead. In his black leather jacket, tight white T-shirt that showed the outline of his abs, and form-fitting black jeans, he was six feet of pure sex. Having jet black hair and a face perfect for Hollywood didn't hurt either. The girls swooned, but Sherlock was all about the guys. And no one dared gave him grief for it. Sherlock was known for telling like it is, especially if it involved deep, dark secrets.
I heard Sherlock talking but he was quiet, I could barely make out what he was saying to Doctor Watson. Whatever it was, the blond man thought it was amusing because I heard him chuckle. Then I heard him say "Wow, that's amazing!"
John had gone into their bedroom to change into a pair of sweats and a shirt with a football logo on it as Sherlock had stayed in his dressing gown and pajamas all day. He joined his spouse on the couch. "Did you pick our movie love?"
"Hello. I understand you were in here yesterday looking for me?" John replied, trying to stay casual. "The manager said you wanted to return the shirt. Was it the wrong size?"
After John collected his prize, which was a gift certificate to a local pub, Sherlock was more than ready to leave the party and go back to their dorm. John had made a promise of some good loving, and he was ready to collect on that promise.
"You'll get over it. Anyway, The Golden Door is in Gatiss, and Dad took Mom there for one of their anniversary dinners. It's very nice and very expensive. Mom said the food was really good. I'm sure there's something there even for you."
Molly hurriedly skated over to John upon seeing Sherlock. “Hey, get away from him!” she yelled, pushing him away from John. “He’s told you he isn’t interested!”
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, but John placed a hand on his shoulder and shook his head, giving the other boy a look that mentally said not now.
"Let's not talk about Carl, what do you think of this dress?" Janine held it up towards Mary and Molly.
"They're pretty," John remarked as he cooked corn kernels in a pot on the stove, making sure not to burn them. He turned and waved to Hal. "Hi Mr. Auden."
When John brought up the idea of a camping trip on the extended bank holiday, Sherlock wasn't interested. Until Mike Stamford rolled up outside Baker Street in a huge white and blue RV and said the two could borrow it, but firmly warned Sherlock no experiments were to be done in it.
"Wonderful. I'll let Marcus and Judy know. This should be our most successful sock hop ever." Charlie smiled at his friends. "I think we can declare this meeting over. Perhaps we can do this again. Now let's go home, and stay dry everyone!"
John chuckled. "Well speak of the devil, I was just talking about you. Are we still on for the beach?"
Seconds later John wakes up. He sees his husband-to-be and his daughter cuddled together and his heart melts. Sherlock has been so good and loving to her, and teaching her so much. He can't believe he didn't get his act together sooner when it came to his feelings about the detective, but then Rosie wouldn't be here, and John wouldn't be waking up to the sweet sight next to him. Good things do come to those who wait.
Harry knew it wasn't a seagull that scared John. He was genuinely shaken up by something---or someone. Then she tensed.
It was now three in the afternoon and Rosie was sleeping in her bed in John's old room. Sherlock was resting on the couch, about to succumb to slumber himself when he heard John's footsteps on the stairs. But the gait was different. Sherlock could tell it was more labored. He got up, tied his dressing gown tight around him and walked to the door.
Rosie is nestled in the middle, her chubby little face resting on John's arm, her tiny arm splayed across Sherlock's tummy. Sherlock has one arm curled around John's shoulder and the other protectively across Rosie. John has both arms wrapped around Rosie, but both of his feet are resting gently on top of Sherlock's feet.
"Patience dear brother, patience. So I heard him leave and I walked out, and saw the paper on his bed that had the address of where he's going. From my deduction, it's a sibling and spouse, although the name said Harry and I thought homosexual marriage was illegal---"
"I have a better idea John," Mrs. Hudson said. "How about the girls help me make the special treats?"
Henry peered straight into Richard's icy eyes, struggling to remain calm and casual. He was still in disbelief that this unassuming man, so gentle and kind to him, who'd given him a home, taken care of him, got him everything he'd ever want or need, was a psychotic killer who'd brutally struck down so many people, and had burnt down beloved buildings. If he went to the police and told them everything he knew, he'd be out on the street again, with no one to love or take care of him. Life as he knew it would be a hellhole, like it was before he met Sebastian. He was sure his boyfriend and his mother---Richard's wife---would never forgive him for turning Richard in.
John began to cry, his salty tears mixing in with the fresh taste of the rain falling on his body. He fought to stay strong, but the events of tonight, intertwined with what happened last Christmas, was too much for him to bear anymore. He crumpled to the ground in a fit of sobs. Mary’s dad crouched down and cradled him. “Tell me what happened John.”
Sherlock smiled at John. "I've decided I'll be there after all. I think it's time I put the solar system back in my mind."
Mycroft wasn't a fool. He knew the sounds of sex when he heard them, which was entirely too much thanks to Sherlock and his escapades. Now those sounds were coming from his fifteen year-old sister. He wasn't surprised.
John turned his head in the direction of that velvety voice and saw it was the gorgeous tall curly haired man he'd admired earlier. "What? Oh yeah, not really. How'd you know?"
John joined him, and Sherlock reached over, placing his hand on top of John's. "You really expect me to stay away from you for the rest of the week when I've kissed you like that? You're like a drug John. One I don't want to stop taking. If you were mine, you'd be my only drug. I wouldn't need pills, or cocaine, or heroin. Just you."
"She can nap with us then. I bet that's what she wanted all along," John replied, shaking his head. "We've got a smart one here, just like you." He crawled into bed and snuggled up against Sherlock and Rosie.
John shrugged. "It doesn't make a difference to me. Moving times isn't going to deter a killer. He'll strike when he wants to."
“This isn’t some joke you’re pulling on me isn’t it? Did Jimmy put you up to this?” she asked, beginning to get irritated.
"Yes Mrs. Watson. John came through the surgery with flying colors. We were able to remove the bullet."
"I'm sorry I tried to hurt you, and I won't anymore, I promise. Just come with me and I'll make it up to you...I want to be with you John. More than you know."
"I've never been in a relationship before. I just wasn't interested in dating. I had plenty of offers from both girls and guys but I'm happy being single. I never was attracted to anyone." John blushed lightly.
John grabbed Warren's shoulder with his right hand and squeezed down while continuing to stroke, his movements picking up speed. Warren began to shudder, lips now tightly pursed. John's own cock began to harden and twitch while pleasuring Warren, but he put it out of mind. He would take care of himself later.
The others nodded and followed John inside. The restaurant was warm. John took off his jacket and slid inside a booth next to a window that had a good view of the street. Valerie sat next to him with Lucy and Jordan on the other side. There were a few people inside, but they were more interested in what was going on outside, heads turned to the windows and front door. A waitress came over to John and his co-workers.
"Correct John, very good." The men had conspired before the party to drug their new girlfriends with GHB. But one of the women was a volunteer rape crisis counselor and suspected this would happen, so she and the other woman decided to get even by putting antifreeze in the bottle. It was only supposed to be a small amount to get everyone sick. Unfortunately, too much was added by mistake and they all died after drinking it."
He wanted to look good for his date---Harry. His sister had called Thursday to check in on him and when he mentioned the sock hop, she asked him if he was going with anyone and he said no. So she offered to drive to Sherrinford to go with him, since her husband Clarence was going on a fishing trip with friends and she would be alone this weekend.
Sherlock saw a slightly older woman put an arm around him as they walked towards the parking lot; this had to be his sister Harry. She was almost the spitting image of him. Next to her was a tall, handsome skinny man with brown spiky hair and wire-rimmed glasses, this had to be her husband Clarence. He could tell they were happily married and that both were very fond and protective of John.
Sherlock cast the laptop aside and took himself in hand, picturing the fantasy in his mind. It wasn't long before he was coming with a loud groan, spilling out hard and hot into his hand.
Jim, for his part, had played coy and hard to get, teasing Sebastian and calling him "Sebby" and "tiger" but clearly showing a deep attraction for the alpha. Sebastian was lost in a sea of sexual frustration and it had affected his marks and his playing. He knew he had to get back on track athletically and academically if he wanted to capture Jim's heart. Jim was a fiercely intelligent and independent omega and wouldn't be claimed by just anyone.
"Just the thing after a good workout." Jim gazed intensely at his boyfriend. "Are you sure this John is okay Sebby?"
With the date and time out of the way, they then discussed where to get married. Neither wanted a large church wedding, as they were limiting guests to fifty. John knew Sherlock would be better emotionally and mentally with a smaller, quieter celebration, and John didn't want a do-over of he and Mary's nuptials.
Two hours later, he made the decision to go back to John’s house and take what he’d been wanting since Saturday night. So he slinked off to his motorcycle and rode away, eagerly picturing everything he would do to the blond. He may be only sixteen, but he had many sexual experiences, probably more than the average drunken frat boy.
Finding housing in London was harder than John expected. Most of the money from the sale of his house back in Scotland went into a college fund for Evie, and he did have some savings, but he knew he needed to find a job and a place to live. He wasn't going to be on the streets with a toddler.
John sat back in his chair and sighed. "I'm sorry, I'm a little off the chain, after what happened with Sherlock."
Sherlock leaned back on his pillows, hands under his chin. "No doubt you've heard the killer's latest crazed rant?"
His mother Wanda wasn't able to chaperone the dance, as she had agreed to watch the Magnussen's two children tonight for some extra cash. When she saw John, she beamed. "You look so handsome Johnny. I hope you have a lot of fun tonight."
"I don't care," Little Seb chimed in. "Besides, I'm not passing up free food!" That comment earned chuckles from the ladies.
John took off his oatmeal jumper, jeans, and boxers. He walked into the bathroom, gave himself a quick wash, then dried off. He rubbed his lotion all over his body and spritzed himself with the cologne. Both the lotion and cologne were specially prepared by Clara's family's chemist, based off a sample of John's DNA. The chemist had concocted a fragrance that was uniquely John's.
He had to admit, he looked pretty damn good. His chest and arms were toned but not so muscular and bulked up like a bodybuilder. He had his hands folded behind his back and he stood ramrod straight - a classic military pose. He wasn't smiling but he didn't look angry either. He looked like he was ready to give an order to his unit.
John was over the moon about how the stargazing party turned out. The kids had a blast finding constellations, and picking out planets. Mary and John had kept them entertained and interested with facts and trivia. But the highlight of the evening was Sherlock demonstrating how to make a supernova using a tennis ball, a ping-pong ball, and a wooden spool. The kids thoroughly enjoyed shouting "supernova!" and letting the balls and spool drop to the floor.
"Okay. Your siblings are already in their rooms. It's been a quiet evening, and I'm extremely grateful for it."
Big Seb pursed his lips. “You’re such a square Jimmy. You don’t smoke, don’t drink, don’t have sex...why do I hang around with you?”
Thirty minutes later, Sherlock walked in with the bag. He immediately walked up to the counter. "Hello," he greeted John.
John saw Angelo walk out with two Styrofoam cups. "Here you go. Two large brown cows. Sorry about the wait, the machine was acting up. I think it knows curfew's coming."
"We call the cops and press charges, that's what. We have to look out for her. I think all the parents in town do. First that Wilkes kid, and now this. Maybe we should organize a town meeting with other parents. We've got to protect our children."
He kissed John hungrily, and the blond felt himself being scooped up into Sherlock's arms, and being carried to the bedroom. John definitely had to thank his best girlfriends for this night of passion...
"Jaaaaaawn!” Sherlock whined from the sofa, clad in his blue dressing gown and pajamas. “Can’t you cancel your tutoring session tonight? Tell Sebastian you’ve come down with a horrible case of gastroenteritis.”
Sherlock entered and smiled at his husband. He was happy to see John in a good mood doing what he loved. John had become an excellent fisherman and loved the seafood dinners he prepared.
Dee-Dee flounced off, and Gordie chuckled. "She's something else. Her name is Deirdre Parsons, but she goes by Dee-Dee. She's a good girl, working here to support herself and pay for college. She wants to be a paralegal. But, I guess you don't want to know her life story, so let's get down to business. Have a seat."
Sure enough, the swimmers were making their entrance. John recognized Carl Powers and a few other alphas, all tall and broad. Then he saw short, lean dark-haired boy following, his low-cut maroon Speedos hanging off his slender hips. John noticed a tattoo of a spider in a web right above his left pectoral. He glanced over at Sebastian, who had a lusty, dreamy look on his face. "I take it that's Jim?"
Saturday, October 7th, the Homecoming Parade will begin at 10:00 am on Main Street. The newly crowned King and Queen will lead the parade, followed by the Homecoming Court,  along with our football team, cheerleaders, and marching band. And at seven that evening, our Homecoming dance, which will be held in the gym. Billy Wiggins from KMOF will be broadcasting live as well as playing the music."
Sherlock no doubt would have ridiculed John's reading choice and told him who the murderer was without ever skimming through the book, but the detective was sleeping, a well-earned snooze after solving a pretty difficult forgery case that ended in the murders of a well-liked barrister and his legal secretary. John had all but shoved him into bed at six a.m. this morning despite the detective's protests, but he was out within minutes. John had gone over to 221 C where Sherlock kept a futon in his lab, and slept for four hours, getting up at ten to have a breakfast of toast and beans and tea and straighten up the flat. Rosie was at Sherlock's parents for the weekend. They were taking her to an autumn festival.
"The killer mentioned Molly? She cast a confused glance at her daughter. "I don't understand...oh God, is Molly in danger? Is he after her next? Oh God...oh God!"
"You need me. This is the first of many. A serial killer is at work. The Yard is too incompetent for this one."
Lunch ended all too soon, and soon students were scurrying off to their final classes for the day. Molly, Greg, Mary, Little Seb, Mike, Janine, Sarah, and Bill walked out together, each shooting Irene, who was sitting at one of the tables by the doors, a dirty look. Her girlfriend, Kate Moffat, raised her eyebrows at her. "I see you've managed to piss off more of the student body."
A few minutes later, John emerged from his office. Sherlock saw him and smiled sweetly at his husband. He didn't look tired today, and had ear buds on which were plugged into his phone. He appeared to be in a good mood, humming a song.  John caught Sherlock's eye and returned his smile. He took his earbuds out and set his phone down on the coffee table. "Hey," he greeted softly.
John lunged for the greaser, rage exploding out of him like fireworks on the Fourth of July. Despite him being on skates, he kept his balance and punched the taller boy square in the face. Jim and Eurus jumped out of the car, and she pulled out her switchblade. Mary saw it, and immediately skated over to the girl, knocking her to the ground. Molly pushed Mycroft away and rushed for inside to get help. Jim just stood there, thinking this was the most excitement Sherrinford had in years.
Sherlock smirked. "Not psychic John. I simply observe." Then he frowned. "What do you mean I got most of that?"
Henry sat in a chair across from the front desk, anxiously waiting for Dave Morstan. At first, the officer who was manning the desk, Chibnall, seemed not to believe him when he said he had important information regarding the Slayer case. Apparently they had been getting crackpot calls ever since the murders began, and some from Richard himself. He wondered if Chibnall had even told Dave he was here, but a few minutes later, the police chief appeared and headed for Henry. "Hi Henry. Come on and follow me."
The waitress smiled and left to get their drinks. "You know John, I'm so glad you and Sherlock finally got your heads out of your arses and finally got together. The sexual tension on crime scenes was so thick you could have cut it with a chainsaw."
“Oh Johnny, I love you too. Now get yourself ready, you have to be at Mrs. Hudson’s in an hour. Although with this crazy weather, I wonder if you’ll be busy tonight.” She stared out the living room window. Storm clouds were gathering in the sky again, promising more rain, thunder and lightning.
Bryan was still uncertain. “I know, but all the other guys think Jim is great. I was the only one creeped out by him. And Seb said Jim was a real genius, very observant. It would be easy for him to suspect me.”
John laughed and scooped her up into a hug. "It sure is! Let's get your coat on and get home before it gets even worse."
Sherlock sat in the passenger seat of Greg's car, scowling furiously, his wig clutched in his lap. Trust his annoying nanny of a brother-in-law to follow him while he followed John. And it wasn't even planned. He was going out to a club, deliberately dressed as a woman, to see how many of the patrons could figure out he was a man in drag. And if he happened to score some decent drugs while doing it, even better. He was sure he could fool his overbearing brother's CCTV.
“You weren’t even listening to me were you? Well, it happens with most people who don’t have the level of intelligence I possess.”
Friday, October 6th - Homecoming football game against the Gatiss High Gators, 7:00 pm at the football field. Police will be at the entrance searching all attendees. The Homecoming King and Queen will be crowned during halftime.
He carefully glanced at the corpse, and the small area surrounding it. Within a minute he spotted something gold and black on the floor, tucked under an blue ethernet cord that ran across the length of the floor underneath the chalkboard. He removed a clean handkerchief from his jacket pocket and scooped up the item. Upon closer inspection he saw it was a button attached to a torn piece of black fabric. Cynthia had fought with the killer and obviously tore the button so hard some of the clothing of the killer's came with it. The button was small and the black fabric silky in texture. A piece of woman's clothing?
"Anyway, this song is beautiful and the lyrics spoke to me, they remind me of everything that's happened to us with that Sherrinford mess and after, and I wanted you to dance with me to it," John finished, turning to look at Sherlock with hope in his dark blue eyes. "So will you? Dance with me?" He held out his hand again.
Before she could respond, the door opened and a petite woman of sixty appeared, her gray hair done up in a tight bun. She frowned upon seeing Mycroft. “Molly dear, are you okay? Who is this boy?”
John nodded. "We have several check shirts to choose from. Does he have a specific color story he likes?"
"John, if you could sweep up the store room, and Molly, wipe down the picnic tables and clean the windows. When Mike and Molly get here, they can help me take inventory and figure out what we need. Dave Tennant and his wife were kind enough to offer cups, plastic ware, and napkins, since any orders I place won't be ready for Sunday," Martha replied. "I'll be going to Speedy's in a little bit to pick everything up, and Ella's going to come and help me."
. The scientists from the first book will feature more prominently, and well, I hope you like the idea of a genetically engineered killer dog terrorizing the London countryside."
Irene laughed again and Molly smiled. "That would make sense, seeing how you handed Powers so well." Irene's pretty face turned serious. "No, I'm proposing that you join our little business, doing what Molly and I do."
"Back off Jeff. Now's not the time to to be self-righteous. And you of all people should know, considering how you like to try and trick people into taking your sister's birth control pills," Tim shot back.
John finished entering his appointments, and left to pick up Evie from daycare. From there, it would be a quick trip to Tesco's, and back to the trailer, where he would be cleaning it up and making sure it looked the same as the day he moved in. It would soon be home for another tenant---a single mother with a five year-old boy who ironically, was John's replacement at the lab.
And after two more hours of skating on their picture-perfect pond in their picture-perfect forest, the boys, with winter-reddened cheeks and warmed up hearts, left to spend the rest of the day together in John's flat, snuggled together while watching the snow fall as they waited for some tasty takeaway from Angelo's.
"I apologize Mrs. Hooper. But when the killer mentioned Molly's name, I had to come here and talk to her. With your permission of course," Kitty said.
He froze, and she chuckled. "There's nothing to be worried about. My parents won't care. They'll probably be thrilled I found someone to be with in a normal teenage relationship."
“That’s not funny Victor”! Molly exclaimed angrily. “He grabbed John in front of the roller rink and tried to make off with him!”
John grinned again. "Great! As I was saying, that creepy nurse, with her long dark hair, soul-less blue eyes, and blood red lips, became the succubus who keeps killing off the patients in my novel and enthralling the hospital staff. The main protagonist, Dr. Hamish Martin, is actually based off me, because like me, he's the only one that at first knows there's something not right about the new night nurse and he doesn't succumb to the demon. Hamish, unfortunately, is my middle name."
Eurus softly chuckled. Jim thought there was something sinister about it, but he shrugged it off. This hot, boring Sunday had quickly become anything but, and he was liking it. Whoever this girl was, she certainly was unlike any girl in town, and he dug the sound of her voice.
John still was unimpressed, but figured if it was cool with Greg, it was cool with him. Plus, Greg had hired two of John's Army mates, Bill Murray and James Sholto, as bouncers. Both had been unemployed and struggling to make it and jumped at the chance to get some steady work. Greg had promised to keep them on after Discopath was eventually captured.
Mrs. Stubbs spoke up again. "Here are your four candidates for Culverton Smith High Homecoming King of 1961! Victor Trevor, Andy Garrideb, Tim Carlton, and Jim Moriarty."
John found himself being pulled by Sherlock through his backyard to a destination unknown. He decided just seconds earlier to be with the taller boy for just tonight, and then he would forget him and go on with his life. Then he realized how much he was jeopardizing with this rash decision---the relationships with his family and his friends. They would be hurt and devastated that he chose to run off with his would-be rapist than stay safe with his loved ones.
Billy heard the click before he could reply, and he never thought the sound of a phone hanging up could be so sinister. He looked at Gene, who had an expression of disbelief on his face.
A waitress came over to take their order. "I'll have a pint of Guinness and an order of chips," Greg said. "John, what do you want?" "I'll have a pint of Guinness too," John replied.
Murderous thoughts were shoved aside when a voice called to them to come downstairs, the sock hop broadcast was going to be played again. The killer smiled, then the mask of sanity slipped back on as the stairs were in sight.
Sherlock said his name in his mind. An ordinary name, but a beautiful one. It flowed perfectly like a sparkling, clear river.
The students and staff at Culverton Smith High are preparing for their annual homecoming festivities with one major difference from all other years: there was no psychotic killer on the loose. But the unknown maniac is not putting a damper on their plans, he is the inspiration if you will, for their planned activities. This year's theme is "Stand By Me," from the popular new song by Ben E. King. Principal Harold Saxon had this to say:
Both John and Sherlock suddenly sat up, exchanging glances. John's was of dread, but Sherlock's was of anticipation.
Sherlock sat there mulling John's words. There was something he wasn't saying, something he was keeping back. But what could it be?
Jim softly kissed Sebastian on the lips as he slept, then he closed the bedroom door. It had been a good day for his boyfriend, and Sebastian had retired early, after a dinner of takeaway Thai and a quick workout, before going to bed and settling in with a book on Vietnam.
One by one, each dancer sunk off the stage in defeat and dismay as Mycroft and Greg had to tell them they were wonderful but not right for the part and wished them luck with future endeavors. The two men were starting to get annoyed at Sherlock's constant rejection, and there was just one more dancer on the list for today.
“Yeah. Unlike some people, I have to work.” He grinned broadly at his friend. “But I’m off tomorrow, so maybe you can come over and listen to records with me and Victor. Unless you have other plans with your girl.” He gazed at Irene, who flashed him a dazzling smile.
"And I can't wait to watch that beautiful body of yours do those laps. You look like a god that came straight from the sun John."
Five minutes after the KABC reporter and cameraman wrapped up their taping, they approached the front of the station, exchanging pleasantries with Billy and Kitty, the door to the building opened and the two cops appeared, walking to the waiting reporters. Billy turned on his portable tape machine, adjusted his microphone, ready to capture everything. Kitty had her pen and paper, and the other reporter and cameraman were also waiting.
The police, along with the mayor of Sherrinford, Jack Harkness, had placed a curfew on the town. Everyone had to be in by nine p.m. or they would face fines and/or jail time. Cops would share shifts patrolling the streets during curfew.
Sherlock & John's confrontation won't happen just yet. You got to have some delayed gratification once in a while! And Little Miss Psychopath returns next chapter...of course she knows what's going on with her baby brother!
"Okay folks. I suggest you sit back down and prepare for a long night, because nobody is leaving this building."
Eurus continued to smile. “I’m not afraid of big boys who prefer to sleep with little boys. And this is a public park isn’t it? So I can stay here as long as I want.”
"Oooh, I've been wanting to meet you for weeks." She held out a perfectly manicured hand. "Raquel Gomez," but professionally I'm "Nurse Raquel."
“Angel Baby” by Rosie and the Originals played on a silver portable radio that sat on the sidewalk of the Watson home. John was bent down by front right wheel, polishing the hubcap to a perfect shine. His shirtless physique, sporting a nice golden tan, had been the highlight of the day for his neighbor across the street, seventeen year-old Becky Dimmock. Although she had a boyfriend, she still liked to look, and the sun-kissed, blue-eyed teen was one of her favorite sights.
"Thank you." John sat down. He glanced around the dining room. "I've never been here before. It's very nice."
Suddenly there was a blood-curdling scream. It was Wanda. John ran for the hallway, bat raised, breathing heavy.
In the autumn, John had moved to Sussex to live with Sherlock. Rosie and Jasmine bought his little house in London, and promised to take care of the garden. John started another garden in his new home, and it was a plentiful one.
Dee-Dee nodded. "Yeah. This is Officer Sholto from Sherrinford. He's here about those murders and fires up there."
"I'd love to. I know a great Italian place on Baker Street. The owner is a friend of mine. I got him off on a murder charge and he gives me free meals," Sherlock interrupted, with a smile.
"Love you too." He turned and she watched him leave. She sighed and leaned against the siding of the house, feeling a little guilty she didn't tell him she accepted a ride from Mycroft, but Mycroft was nothing like Carl. She'd have to tell him tomorrow. She wanted no secrets between them.
John grinned and opened up his bag, carefully taking out the pictures. "Here they are, for your viewing pleasure."
"Our kids. Not only do they get along with each other, Brett really likes you and vice versa with Rosie. If that hadn't worked out---"
John jogged through the parking lot of Culverton Smith High, trying to dodge the big fat raindrops that were coming down from the dark clouds above. He didn't bring an umbrella, and he didn't want to be shivering in the halls the rest of the morning.
John snorted. "You got that right. But I only had two patients today who thought their allergies were corona. It's down from the ten I had the day I started telemedicine."
Jim smiled. He was getting stronger, at least physically, and he was getting some of his independence back. He'd decided to take the bus on his own to the meeting instead of Jim driving him, and came back home on the bus too.
John smiled and took the bowls of cereal to the table. "Can you get the orange juice out of the fridge?" he asked Sherlock, who nodded.
Henry wrapped his arms around himself and nodded back. "Yeah, do what you have to do, everyone will find out eventually."
The interview went very smooth. John teared up when talking about being shot and sent home, feeling worthless, then meeting Mary, and her sudden and heartbreaking death. He was honest when he talked about how he enjoyed his new line of work and he didn't care if people had a problem with it. He would have to tell his daughter once she got older how he supported the two of them, but John said he wasn't planning to be in the domination business all his life ("I don't think anybody wants a wrinkly sixty-five year-old smacking someone's bare arse with a riding crop and cooing "good boy" in their ear.")  He wanted to make enough to be financially secure, and then he would go back to pursuing his dream of being a doctor. But for now, he was extremely happy, and being a dominator brought back the excitement and thrills he craved since being in the army.
Colorful fireworks lit up the London sky, and Sherlock murmured in John's ear. "I live in a flat on Baker Street. My landlady doesn't charge a lot of rent. Come live with me. It'll be much better than those veteran bedsits offered to you. I have a second bedroom if you want it."
"Hi guys." John slid into his seat and Victor sat next to him on his right. The teacher wasn't in the room yet.
Eurus laughed. "Thank for the compliment. Now, I must be off. I promised Jimmy I'd call him. He so loves the sound of my voice." And with that, she flounced away. Mycroft shook his head and pondered how to break the news to their parents that their youngest son had run away to fix the mess he made with John.
The former detective and the former blogger were beyond thrilled to hear the name. "Well, I couldn't not name him after the two men that gave me a wonderful home with lots of love and did a wonderful job of raising me. I did want Oliver in there, but he wanted one of the names after his dad." She gazed over at her husband with total love.
Bill's music kept nearly everyone dancing, but Sherlock and John for the most part stayed off the floor, choosing instead to spend time talking with Harry and Clara. Sadly, the only two were from John's family that came, as John's parents tragically passed away several years ago in a car crash, and other relatives were scattered across the UK, but John would make sure they would get pictures and video.
Sherlock looked at him sharply. "Oh don't play Mister Innocent with me John. You want me just as much as I want you."
"You guys are such nerds. I don't know why I'm letting you park your cars here." Sebastian Wilkes scowled at Carl Powers and his gang which consisted of Marty Freeman, Little Seb Moran, Tim Carlton, Art Doyle, and Jeff Hope. A little before seven pm, Carl and his friends showed up at the Wilkes home and begged Sebastian to let them keep their cars in his yard while they went a few doors down to Janine Hawkins' house to sneak up on her and her girlfriends and crash their sleepover.
Wanda made him sleep in her bed after he gave his statement to Dave Morstan. She went to John’s room and saw the crumpled sheets, knowing what had taken place in them, her face getting hot with anger. She would pay a visit to Sherlock’s parents tomorrow. She had their address. Lucky Sherlock gave it to John when he tried to seduce him. How surprised he would be when the Watson he wasn’t expecting would show up at his house instead.
He heard strains of a piano coming from inside the house; he instantly recognized the tune as Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata. Whoever was playing it was good and had a decent ear for music, but being a talented pianist himself, he knew they could do much better. All the Holmes children were musically inclined. Sherlock and Eurus played the violin and performed in many recitals at school---when they bothered to attend school that is. When they would duet together, it was pure magic.
"S'kay," John slurred, opening his dark blue eyes and letting out a big yawn. Sherlock chuckled. "You're cute when you're sleepy."
It was at that same time that John was pulling into the parking lot in his red mini Cooper. John normally didn't come to school this early since he did all of his class prep after school, but this morning he had a breakfast meeting with Mary.
Henry and Mycroft were hailed as heroes, but neither boy wanted extra attention. And Tim Carlton decided to no longer associate with the troublemakers, but that was mostly because his girlfriend Sophie Hunter threatened she would no longer put out if he continued his friendship with the boys. Sophie (and her affections) was more important than those three. He also didn't want to risk being dateless for Homecoming.
It was a typical Friday night at Lestrade's, the popular disco in London's Soho district. Dancers were crowded on the floor, a mixture of gay, straight, bisexual, and everything in between, black, white, Asian, even some Middle Easterners. It was a rainbow of faces and bodies, all there to have a good time and boogie their hectic week away.
Irene grinned mischievously. "I'm too unique for there to be another me. Well, I'd better be off. Have fun tonight."
At the mention of the name Sherrinford, the girl's face blanched. "Oh God, I've heard of that. It's been in the papers and on the radio here. They call him 'The Sherrinford Slayer'".
Rosie laid her head on Sherlock's shoulder, which caused John to smile even brighter. "Rosie loves you."
The relatively calm early morning at Gatiss General quickly turned into a flurry of doctors and nurses rushing and racing around the emergency room as word spread of the carnage that had transpired over an hour ago at the Watson home.
"I'm feeling better too. Moving here was the best decision. There was a time I thought I'd die of boredom but I'm happy to accept I was wrong. I've got my experiments, I have my bees, and best of all, I have you right by my side. It's a miracle you're here standing in this kitchen. If I had lost you---"
Sherlock looked at the large monitor screen skeptically. "You can't be serious. You want me to try and find a partner on this site? And what's with this name, Your Turn? What do they mean by Your Turn? As in Your Turn to be suckered by romance?"
I groaned. "Jesus, you're an annoying arse. I hope the doctor comes soon. The quicker we get you out of here, the quicker I can go home and not have to deal with your attitude."
Dave opened up the door and saw Harold, sitting up in bed, reading a magazine. His wife Lucy was sitting next to him, knitting. Both Saxons looked up and smiled happily when they saw Dave.
Sherlock smiled and responded to John's words with a tender kiss. "The first time I saw your face, I knew. I knew that you were the one. Up until that moment no one had ever sparked such interest in me like you did. "
"So, you like them then?" John's voice called from the doorway. Sherlock's head snapped up and saw his husband, smiling broadly.
“No problem Mrs. Hooper. Well, I have to be off, gotta get ready for work. “See ya later Molls!” he called as he headed for his car.
Mycroft said nothing to Sherlock as he walked with him out of the jail and towards the green Aston Martin. Mycroft got in the driver’s seat and Sherlock got in the other side. After an uncomfortable silence, Sherlock looked at his brother.
"It's just for today though. We have to be back on the road by this evening. Which is totally not cool man. I'd love to spend a few days in LA. I've never been and it looks amazing," Victor said.
Janine sighed and ran a hand through her hair. "Okay, I'll give you John's contact information. But you don't tell anyone okay? I actually like this job and want to keep it."
Jim Moriarty and Eurus Holmes had a table to themselves, they were holding hands. John would definitely nominate them for Oddest Couple, if there had been such a contest. The greaser who really wasn't, and the posh weird girl. Even Sherlock barely tolerated his sister's presence. John felt that Sherlock was holding back something when it came to her, but it wasn't his place to pry. He'd felt Sherlock would tell him eventually.
John returned home from a successful morning of fishing. It had started to rain, and John went to the kitchen to begin cleaning and gutting the perch so he could refrigerate them for dinner later. John found preparing the fish relaxing. Most people would balk at the activity, but after years of stitching up and treating combat wounds, scaling and gutting fish was like child's play.
"Us veterans have to stick together," John told her. He held out his hand, and Luke took it, forming a firm handshake.
Mrs. Hudson sized up the couple. Veronica was average height, slender, with jet black hair cut in a fashionable flip. She had icy blue eyes and was very striking. Sidney was tall, with blondish-brown hair, aquiline nose, and very handsome in a totally British and distinguished way.
Sherlock immediately began to examine the body, with me beside him, tuning out Anderson's predictable barrage of insipid insults. There were no outward signs of trauma, the body was clean. Sherlock right away suspected poison.
"Most definitely. I know women can be extremely capable killers, after all I am one, but this to me screams male."
"Nausea, vomiting, blurred vision, agitation, confusion, dry red skin, dry mouth, a ringing in the ears. More severe symptoms can be seizures, hallucinations, and kidney dysfunction. The person may not be able to urinate. Did your victim experience any of these?" John asked.
A few neighbors were standing outside their houses, watching everything with grim looks on their faces. Dave told Henry to wait outside, as the house was a crime scene now and only police and forensics could be inside.
"Uh, yes, sorry about that Brett. I was thinking," Sherlock replied, trying hard to hide his embarrassment.
He thought of Molly. She had tried to placate him at The Big H. He knew she was John’s best friend. If she found out he stopped Sherlock from raping him, perhaps her feelings towards him would change. Always the sociopath. He still didn’t want John to be hurt. He didn’t ask to be an object of the Holmes’ twisted desires, and neither did Molly, but it is what it is.
And so the rest of the afternoon was spent playing with the newest member of the family. Another of Mycroft's assistants delivered dog toys, food, and a small bed, along with a specially cooked meal from Angelo. What started out as a lousy December was going to end as one of the best ever.
She hung up the phone and smirked. With her parents and Sherlock away and Mycroft god knows where, she was going to play. The fun was only just beginning.
She slipped into a peach eyelet sundress and put a pair of tan Dr. Scholl's sandals on her feet. She put her hair into a ponytail and applied a coat of pale pink lipstick on her mouth. She had no other makeup on, as it was still quite warm out and most of it would sweat off anyway.
John gazed out the window, pulling his navy blue dressing gown tighter around him. He could feel a cough building in his chest and he covered his mouth just in time. Luckily no mucus had come with it. That meant he was finally starting to dry out. Three weeks before Christmas, John had gotten an upper respiratory infection and the nurse at the surgery gave him some antibiotics. His fever, muscle aches, and sore throat had gone away but unfortunately he couldn't overcome the congestion, and the coughing and shortness of breath overtook him, and he developed bronchitis. He went back to the surgery where he was given steroids and cough syrup. Slowly, he began to feel better and now it was Christmas Eve, and he was back to his normal self.
John smiled sadly. "Are you sure? I sure haven't been feeling gorgeous these past few weeks. I've been looking a right mess, and you, you're beautiful and striking as always. How can you stand to be with such an ugly omega like me?"
Dancing in these clubs was dangerous because they catered to vampires and John was human. He knew at anytime a bloodsucker could attack him and try to drain him dry, or attempt to enthrall him into being a slave. He'd known of some dancers that didn't last one night because of it.
Andy and Nina Garrideb were twins. Their older sibling, Carmen, was in her mid twenties, married with a little boy, and also lived in Sherrinford, working as a billing clerk at Gatiss General Hospital.
John and Sherlock lay on a blanket John retrieved from his house. The two were sipping on sodas and munching on apples and pretzels. John had brought his radio, tuned into KMOF.
John's face lit up.  "Really? That's great! I mean it. I wanted you to take over the clothing part. I know you'll find us something great."
"I'm heading to the sock hop at the community center brother mine," Sherlock answered in a tone that implied Mycroft was stupid for even asking.
By the time he was dressed and ready to go, John awoke. "Sherlock? Is there a case?" he sleepily asked, rubbing his eyes.
On his way to the studio, John smiled as he remembered his day out with his daughter. She'd been thrilled to see all the animals, squealing and laughing the entire time. Then they had ice cream. John wished Mary had been there to see Evie's happy little face smeared in vanilla custard and rainbow sprinkles. John had taken this coming Saturday off to have another daddy/daughter date at a children's museum on the outskirts of London.
Sherlock shook his head. "My John. You never fail to surprise me. I'm still worried though. We probably should cancel our trip to my parents' house Christmas Day and just spend it quietly at the flat. A long car trip combined with a long day with my parents and Mycroft won't be comfortable for you."
"But that's why I'm here. My brother discovered where John went and left home to find him. So if you don't want John to be assaulted again, you'll help me."
John gave Sherlock a squeeze. "True. Now let's forget about that silly song. How about I heat us up another batch of this cider and do some more cuddling and snuggling because baby, it really is cold outside."
Mrs. Doyle was surprised to see John back early, but after hearing what happened after his dinner date, she was doubled over in stitches with laughter. It was a crazy and hilarious story, even if it involved John being stalked by Sherlock. But John didn't think he was in any danger anymore, and deep down a part of him felt a little flattered an attractive, slightly younger man thought he was interesting enough to follow. However, he had to nip it in the bud. Irene and Molly weren't amused at Sherlock's antics, and he didn't want to jeopardize his new job. He was going to have to pay a visit to Sherlock and tell him to stop following him around town.
I heard Sherlock murmur something, and then I heard Doctor Watson laugh. Followed by Sherlock laughing, and then "Ouch!" I heard the doctor laugh again, and say "Yeah, I forgot to mention you might not want to do any of that while your ribs are healing. We don't want another fracture."
"I really should thank you John. If you didn't reject my son, he wouldn't have met Henry. But you're just like everyone else in this town, a hypocrite. I've seen you with that Holmes boy. What does he have that Sebastian doesn't?"
Mrs. Hudson had retired to her flat for her nightly herbal soother and to watch the late news; John was in his snuggled under a blanket nursing a second cup of tea, with the TV on as background noise. The thunder and lightning had subsided but heavy rain was still pouring over London.
"Hi sweetheart." Wanda went to hug him. "I know you're feeling down about Sherlock, and well, I'm not totally on board with it, but after lunch we'll go to the hospital and we'll see if you can visit him okay?"
"You don't need a babysitter Sherlock, you need a whole damn nursery crew to chase after you. And I've had it up to here with your insults about my career competence. One more smartass remark, and you are no longer assisting me on this serial killer case. Understood?"
"Oh Dad, come on! You know I'm in a committed relationship with Jasmine. Anyway, she and I looked on it one night for fun. We were having a good time cracking up reading all the profiles. Talk about high expectations."
For this story, John and Mary were married long before he met Sherlock, and he was never in the army. It takes place right after Hounds of Baskerville.
Janine and Molly had arrived earlier in the day to welcome him back, and catch him up on what happened while he went away. He was in tears with laughter when Janine told him what happened during her slumber party. Carl Powers and his goofy friends came to crash it, but his mother Susan had come and warned everyone ahead of time, so they got back at the boys by spraying them with the hose, and inviting them to eat, but they had to wear either Janine or her mom Barbara's clothes. John howled at seeing the pictures Janine developed of Carl Powers, Marty Freeman, Art Doyle, Tim Carlton, Little Seb Moran, and Jeff Hope in nightgowns and robes. Little Seb also had a green beauty mask on his face too.
She'd confessed to John first, her family afraid he'd sever his relationship with Sherlock, but he wasn't going anywhere, and he didn't read Eurus the riot act. He was grateful to John for that. He couldn't fault her for her actions, even if she had lashed out in anger and it cost her brother's life. He knew she was remorseful, no matter what Mycroft told him. Everyone had their secrets, and everyone had a dark side. Most could keep it at bay, never bringing it to the surface. Some gleefully chose to revel in danger and destruction. And some, like Eurus and himself, used theirs as self-preservation.
More questions ran through his mind. Why was here at a hotel where the majority of the customers were high-class escorts? He couldn't be a client. No, he had to be an escort---but why the military clothing? No, he wasn't an escort. He wasn't having sex with his clients. He was a dom, using his experience for those that had a military kink and wanted to be ordered into submission.
"Yes, and so is Daddy," Sophie said with a wink, also shaking John's hand. Sherlock looked away, blushing and smiling sheepishly.
"No, it's quite all right," Mrs. Watson replied calmly. She turned towards Sherlock. "I want to see the filthy pervert that tried to rape my son." She inched closer to him. He didn't move. Veronica and Sidney stood there with baited breath.
Twenty minutes later, the bus to Los Angeles was announced and Sherlock was soon inside the large coach, sitting by himself at the very back, his thoughts only of John.
John, Valerie, Lucy, and Jordan bid each other goodbye. John was even more grateful he didn't have to come back until Thursday. He decided to catch a taxi for home instead of going on the tube as it was still raining and he didn't feel like walking to the station. By the time he got to Baker Street, it was three-thirty. Once he was inside, he got out of his wet jacket, took off his shoes, changed into a well-worn and comfy pair of jeans, and maroon waffle knit shirt. He went into the kitchen cabinet, reaching for the bottle of Macallan scotch that Mycroft had gifted he and Sherlock for Christmas. They only drank it for special occasions, but John decided surviving a bomb scare was a good enough reason to indulge in a little bit of expensive booze.
Marty's eyes widened and he stepped back. "Okay, okay, no need for all of this. I'll leave her alone I promise. We all will. Won't we guys?"
Seconds later Yvonne and Jasmine appeared with Jasmine holding a large white plastic bag with Scandal Sheets printed in red on it. "I have what everyone's been waiting for," Jasmine announced. She handed the bag to John. "From what I heard, you were quite the model."
"Victor surprised me with a 'gift' of his own---me walking in on him snogging one of the waiters at my family's Christmas Eve party. He claimed he was drunk and it was a spur of the moment mistake, but I told him to get out and that I never wanted to see him again. He had the gall to ask me if he could keep any gifts I got him."
"Yeah, well Marty, Art, and Jeff aren't known for their logic and intelligence," Henry soberly replied. "They feel that if Molly hadn't rejected him that day, he wouldn't have gone down to Regent's Park to get drunk after curfew, leaving him vulnerable for the killer."
Doctor Jones took the men all the way down to the end of the hallway. "These are the private rooms. Mrs. Wilkes is in room three." He softly knocked on the door, then opened it.
Molly entered the flat. “Hi John,” she greeted him before going to Irene and giving her a kiss. “You’re not going to believe this, a father called wanting to book a session for his son’s 18th birthday! It’s his present to him. He’s some big executive for a pharmaceutical firm.”
Sherlock talked about how much his beekeeping kept him busy and kept his mind fresh and active. John couldn't wait to taste the honey from the hives. He was sure it would be much better than the stuff in the jars he bought at Tesco.
Fred nodded. "Well, I better get back to work. Richard Wilkes...Jesus." He shook his head again and resumed his duties.
Eurus thankfully, had been quiet the rest of the evening, and retired to her room. She was no doubt reflecting on her actions where Sheridan was concerned. Mycroft had expressed concern for his friend Henry, but glad he was safe with his mom and boyfriend.
He cleared his throat. "It's a long, somewhat sad story, but I'll give you the Cliff Notes version. He was a DJ at uni before graduating. He worked at your basic doctor's office, then went to St. Bart's A&E. He decided he wanted to enlist in the Army. He fought in the Dhofar Rebellion and was shot, honorably discharged last year. He couldn't go back to surgical work. He got back into deejaying and decided to make it a full time career. I hired him before Christmas. He's been a big hit with everyone here. He goes by "The Captain."
The two stared each other down for a few seconds before bursting out into giggles. "Jesus, I'm so wasted," Art murmured.
"Clarence found it at another garage. It was in perfect working condition, the owner got rid of it because he and his wife were having twins and they needed a bigger car." Harry started the ignition and she drove out of the depot parking lot. "This was my anniversary present."
The voice laughed, and it sent chills down the DJ's spine. "Of course. I wouldn't think you'd keep this private. I want you to play our little conversation. We're going to have more of them. You're a good man Billy, I'm going to make you famous."
After a few minutes of trying to defend himself from those large pale hands that were constantly groping his body, he was exhausted once again. Sherlock sensed it and with renewed strength, grabbed John’s arms and pinned them over top his head. Madman’s grin on his face, he dove for John’s lips, but the blond turned his head to the side. “You can do whatever you want, but you’re not going to get the satisfaction of kissing me,” he spat.
John opened his eyes, lifting up his head, just realizing he'd drifted off to sleep. He let out a sleepy yawn and sat up, stretching his arms. He glanced down at his arms and legs, which were slightly red. He pulled his suntan lotion out of his bag and opened up the cap, rubbing the soothing lotion onto his legs. Harry would definitely tease him for forgetting to put it on.
The kettle whistled, and John got up to get the mugs, milk, and sugar for Sherlock. As he started preparing the mugs, Sherlock stood to wrap his arms around John, who leaned back to the warmth. "I'm glad you quit the clinic, although I know you do enjoy being able to use your medical skills."
The record player though, was not for her mother's benefit. Eurus loved rock music, as did Sherlock. Mycroft, square that he was, preferred classical and jazz. It really wasn't so much the lyrics---mostly sentimental clap trap, but she loved the sound of guitars and drums and how it made her feel inside. She would move and sway to the beat, and her dancing caught the attention of many a boy back in England. Despite her age, Eurus had a more mature look. She was slightly curvy, and her breasts were a little bigger than most girls. Her mother told her when she was born she was the spitting image of her great-grandmother Christabel, who had tragically died in her thirties. So Veronica had chosen Christabel as her middle name. Christ's beauty it meant. Eurus was a beauty but she didn't believe in Christ. Neither did anyone else in the family. Belief in higher powers were for goldfish, but that didn't stop Sherlock from yelling "oh God!" during his trysts with those boys back home.
No, John angrily told himself. He would have fought like hell to save not only himself but Mary, Mrs. H., and Angelo. He started to shiver again, but not because of Sherlock's feverish embrace and kisses.
John checked himself and Evie into a hotel and began to do online job searches. He placed Evie in daycare while he went on interviews, but nothing panned out. After a few weeks, he was beginning to feel depressed. Wasn't there someone in the city who wanted him?
"Well, it's none of our concern. Hey, how long is it before you have to pick Evie up from nursery?" Victor asked.
He knew some would be appalled at him becoming a sex worker, but he wouldn't actually have to have sex with his clients. He could keep it hands off, if that was allowed. Besides, it wasn't anyone's business how he chose to make his money, as long as no one got murdered or injured. He had to do this. It wasn't about the titilation, it was about the money, and making sure Evie was taken care of. She was his top priority.
John sat on the sofa with Sherlock following.The detective put an arm around his spouse and smiled. "Mycroft and I got caught in a storm while we were playing pirates on the beach in Sussex. He hated getting wet but I loved it. Having the rain beat down on me felt freeing and refreshing."
"Mom turned down another street and the car stopped following. We managed to make it home a few minutes before nine and she called the cops, but turns out Mrs. H already did it, and they said they were going to check it out."
"I'll let Officer Sholto answer." Dave stepped back, and James stepped forward. He cleared his throat before speaking.
Once the food was served and everyone was devouring it with gusto, Luke looked pointedly at John. "I think you should come to my veterans' support group. They're held every month right down the street in the old Milverton Building for an hour and a half. The next one is Monday at 10:30 in the morning. It's helped me a lot with coming to terms with my disability and I've found a really great group of friends. They're always looking for members."
Sherlock gently tapped John on the shoulder. John stirred and said something that came out muffled, then pushed his head back into the pillow, burrowing under the covers. Sherlock couldn't help but smile, his husband was adorable when he did that, looking like the little hedgehog that Sherlock sometimes affectionately called him.
"I'll leave you gentlemen alone. It was nice meeting you Officer Sholto." Dee-Dee grinned flirtatiously at him.
The rain thrashed against the window and lightning glowed and crackled among the swirling black clouds. Mycroft decided he would pay a visit to Molly tomorrow. Mrs. Smallwood had told him where she lived, trying to play Cupid. He would try and make things right in his own sordid way.
John was in the library, it was his free period. He was using the time to complete his history assignment. He had to work at The Big H from 4:00 - 8:00 tonight and he didn't want to spend the rest of the evening before bed doing a lot of homework.
John sat on the sofa next to his husband and poured them each a glass of cider. "Cheers," John toasted. "To an angst-free holiday, and to us."
"Look Big Seb, we don't want the girls to know we're coming. And nobody's gonna think twice about seeing cars here on your lawn since you're usually having parties, and your folks are out tonight," Carl said.
John also had a savings account in his name he'd had since uni. Financially stable, he'd moved into a flat above Ellie's bakery, quit his suburban GP job, and found work as a trauma doctor in the A&E of Royal London Hospital. He was enjoying his new life as a divorced man, and began casually dating.
When they entered the room, a few men were sitting at desks, chatting among each other. "Hey guys," Luke greeted them warmly. "I brought a new friend to join us. His name's John Watson, and he's a former Army captain."
The boys enjoy quiet time with each other after hosting a party, and they dance with each other.  This is a spinoff of Chapter Two, where Molly and Greg had recently started dating in that story, and it's now a year later.
"Jesus, it's like something out of a horror movie," John murmured. "But at least you were able to figure it out, otherwise there would have been so much speculation and rumors about what really happened." He let out a low, sarcastic chuckle. "I never liked that song anyway. Too date rapey for my liking."
“The only other option was Molly. She would have done it, but they wanted someone with an athletic background so a rapport could be built up. And seeing as how I’m the only bonded omega on campus playing a sport right now, it defaulted to me.”
"I don't want to accuse anyone but it's possible. Oh I know it sounds silly, and I have no proof. It could be anyone."
Several radio stations in the United States banned Baby It's Cold Outside in 2018, when the #MeToo movement picked up steam on social media due to the lyrics.
"No he won't. Because if he tries and rapes my child again he's going to have his perverted behind thrown in the slammer for good. He should be damn thankful John didn't press charges." She glared at the couple, arms folded across her chest.
The DI left the classroom. Sherlock continued to gaze at his blogger lovingly. Donovan and Anderson just shook their heads. John smiled back at Sherlock. "I have my moments every now and then," he joked.
John giggled. "I have to take good care of you. It's great practice if I ever want to be a doctor someday."
Later, a lecture was given from Mycroft, who of course found out somehow about Rosie's little outburst, about being careful speaking around her, but Sherlock and John just ignored it like they pretty much ignored everything else Mycroft lectured them about.
Sherlock moved to give John a kiss. "Active, happy, and safe and dry in their hives. We're going to have a good harvest this year."
"Sherl, how about you deduce some of the patrons in here, I know you're itching to," Janine purred, wrapping an arm around Irene, who kissed her on the cheek.
He turned to John. "What I'd like to do is just get some full body shots of you. We'll be using just this black backdrop so the focus is on your appearance. Irene told me that you'll be wearing your Army uniform and dog tags. I'd also like a shirtless shot of you in just your camos and dog tags so the clients can really see what they're getting."
Once Sherlock finally released him, panting and flushed, John crossed his arms and glared at him after regaining his composure. "Are you trying to get yourself put in detention?" he hissed.
Mike chuckled. "It's a thing he does. He zones out when he's thinking. Calls it 'going to his mind palace.'"
John stretched and shakily got up on his legs. Even after so many years of transformations, he still needed to adjust after going back to human. He took in his surroundings. The building was dark and smelled damp and musty, like a basement with water damage, and it was humid inside. Streaks of sunlight filtered through two dirty windows on either side of the building.
John moved so Sherlock could sit beside him. The detective propped his feet up on the coffee table and leaned back. He turned his head to see what John was reading, and he frowned. "John, why do you continue to read that---"
"You're an absolute bloody prat," Lestrade furiously whispered to Sherlock. "I told you wearing those tight bespoke suits in the middle of a heatwave would cause problems. But no, you have to sacrifice your health for fashion. And you say I'm an idiot."
“Well, we’ll make them leave too. Trust Jim to find a chick as odd as he is,” Mary replied bitingly.
"She's fine, but the power is out in our building so there's no heat. She and Mrs. Turner and the other guys are seeking shelter somewhere else."
Sherlock's watch read 11:59. One minute to midnight and to the start of a promising new year. He could feel the anticipation building in the air.
John snorted. "I wouldn't put it past you, with you barely wearing clothes most of the time while we're in our flat. Not that I don't mind." He reached out to caress Sherlock's bare shoulder.
Sherlock entered the bar. He had examined the body and deduced that the deceased was unmarried, gay, no children, worked as a primary school teacher (thanks to graphite stains on his hands and a faded spot on his palm that was red marker), and the person who killed him was a stranger that lured him to the hotel with a promise of sex. There had been no sexual contact between killer and victim, so the perpetrator had gotten him comfortable to the point where he took off his clothes, and then the unknown assailant pounced, slitting his throat. Sherlock also knew he'd been drugged. The victim was muscular and fit, and he would have put up a good fight defending himself. Greg hadn't been so sure, but Sherlock was adamant a toxicology screen would come back positive for GHB, or a similar drug. There was a minibar in the room and Sherlock was sure he'd had something to drink as soon as he got there.
They tried to make a go of it for the baby's sake but when Janine was eight months along, they both knew staying together wasn't an option. Sherlock was bi but preferred men, and Janine wasn't content to be a stay at home mom-to-be. They amicably broke up but Sherlock promised to financially support the child.
"We won't know anything until the fire is put out and our guys start investigating, but my experience tells me it's arson too. What kind of nut would want to do something so heinous?" Jody replied.
The chemistry teacher's brain came back online. He took another drag of his cigarette before answering. "I don't know who that was but I'm going to find out."
I hope you liked The Three Garridebs reference :) You'll be seeing a little more of the twins. And of course I had to make Jim a candidate for Homecoming King, because honey, you should see him in a crown!
, John silently mused. He rubbed the back of his neck, a habit he had when he was embarrassed or a bit uncomfortable. "Well..." he began before the man cut him off.
"He's an idiot then. He's having a difficult time trying to find one because no one wants to live with him. His mind is quite extraordinary, but his personality leaves something to be desired for, despite being so drop-dead gorgeous. He should take the first available person willing to flatshare."
A German shepherd approached him. John smiled and closed one of his fists, bringing it down so the dog could sniff it. The dog seemed pleased and went on its merry way. John did notice it had a collar so it was someone's pet, and he chuckled over werewolves having pets. In horror films, dogs and other animals barked and attacked those they suspected of being a werewolf.
"There wasn't much to tell. He talked about his wrestling. Well, he bragged. He was very proud of his titles."
Their last stop was Sherlock picking up the cream for the twins and they were soon back on the road to Sherlock's house.
Mycroft groaned and rubbed his forehead furiously. "You mean to tell me that you were faking those awful sounds the entire time?"
Sherlock, bundled up in his Belstaff and signature blue scarf, followed an excited Rosie to the roof. "You're gonna love these snow angels Papa. Daddy and I worked very hard on them!"
John rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "Things will get better I promise," Sherlock spoke tenderly into John's ear. "This virus will eventually dissipate, we'll both get back out to working, we'll solve cases, go to dinner at Angelo's, take our daughter to Regent's Park to watch the ducks. We won't be cooped up in this flat forever."
As Sherlock's lips melted into John's once more, John thought to himself it was indeed a very happy new year.
He opened his eyes and he saw Sherlock reach out with his long, graceful arm and lovingly caress his cheek. He shuddered at the touch. Before he knew it, those elegant limbs were embracing him, warm breath ghosting on his ear. "I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock looked at John in astonishment. "Brilliant!" he cried. Then he turned to Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson, narrowing his blue-green eyes in annoyance. "Of course, you incompetent lot couldn't find this clue. You're too busy chastising and insulting me to really work this crime scene."
"Hey, I know my priorities, and you Mister Watson-Holmes, can still use feeding up. Especially since I know Molly provided you with enough body parts to experiment on for the next week, and when you get caught up studying livers and ears, you ignore more important things like breakfast, lunch, and dinner."
"Bill, you gonna be okay?" John asked, a little concerned. It hadn't been that long that Bill's previous relationship had ended, and he didn't want his friend to wind up in a dubious situation.
"I won't. Now go, before someone catches us, and you'll be thrown in jail and I'll be grounded until I'm thirty."
John chuckled again at his drama queen of a fiance and bent down to kiss his detectives's curls. "Sorry love. I wanted to let you sleep so I got up to make some tea, and I wanted to check on our daughter."
Molly winced but held her ground. "I wasn't the one who chopped him up with the ax. So let go of my wrist and leave me alone, or I will go to the principal. You've gotten away with bullying others before, but this time you're done." She tried to release his painful grip, but to no avail.
"Do you think I would have been able to come in your house if I was at the front door and your mother answered it?" Sherlock retorted, shaking his head.
"I don't know, but we're going to find out." He marched over to Sidney and Veronica Holmes, with Wanda behind him. "May I  help you?" he crisply asked.
"Angelo's coming out with our shakes. Mrs. H apparently feels I'm not growing fast enough," John said, shaking his head.
"Is it officer? Is it really over?" Wilkes replied cryptically, his face morphing into a twisted, sinister smile.
Dennis worked eight to three so John would be home before four, and he would have some time to start dinner before Sherlock got home. His husband was at the library researching toxins for a serial poisoning case he was working on. John wasn't needed there with him so going to the clinic was a better alternative than staying home and being bored by himself. And Mondays were pretty quiet. Nobody really wanted to come in on a Monday for a doctor's appointment unless they were really sick.
Sherlock continued to massage John's head until the doctor was asleep. Sherlock took one more sip of his cider before he too, eventually succumbed to a sweet autumn afternoon slumber.
The siblings approached Harry's car, a 1952 yellow Buick Skylark convertible. They placed his bags in the back and the two hopped in the front. "Sweet ride," John praised his sister.
His face was distinctive, with a prominent wide nose, and his deep blue eyes that glittered like sapphires under the bright restaurant lights. He was muscular, definitely an athlete, Sherlock figured either a running back for football or a soccer player. The jeans were worn as were the boots, so his family didn't have a lot of money, perhaps his mother was divorced or widowed. His motorcycle was well-cared for though, and polished to perfection, so he probably scrimped and saved to buy it himself.
"The young buck in the back is Bryan Nash. We call him Romeo because all the ladies love him," Lee joked, pointing a thumb at a good-looking strawberry blond in his late twenties dressed in a plain white T-shirt and gray sweatpants.
A rumble of thunder boomed in the sky. "I'm sure Mrs. H. is shouting a steady stream of four letter words right now," Mary joked.
"Yeah. They're doing some assembly about how what the school is doing as far as games and Homecoming, and school safety."
John and Victor have their dinner date and Victor's plans of seducing The Captain are cockblocked in a most hilarious way. And in another part of London, Jim claims his latest victim.
While riding the elevator down, he took out the check and looked at it. Three hundred fifty pounds for less than two hours of getting another person off without sexual intercourse. This would take care of several weeks of nursery for Evie. In the end, that's what mattered. That he was taking care of his daughter. And that's where he was headed now, to pick up Evie. The nursery had extended hours. He would get her, get some groceries, make dinner, spend some time with her before bed. Tomorrow was going to be a long day, he would be moving into his new place. It wouldn't take him long, he figured he'd be all settled in by the weekend. He didn't have much upon returning to London, and most of the items he did have were Evie's toys.
Sherlock grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist, joining John on the lounger. He leaned in and kissed John and rested his head on his shoulder. "For the record John, I also think of you as a Greek god, the god Aether. He was the god of light and the upper atmosphere. He embodies the pure air that other gods need to breathe. For you are my conductor of light and every time I see you smiling at me, or congratulating me on solving a case, you take my breath away, but give it back to me again and again, even stronger than before."
Sherlock looked at John fervently, suppressing a shiver at his firm tone, imagining if that's what he sounded like while talking to his soldiers. "I know, and I'm sorry. I'm also sorry for how I acted today at lunchtime."
"I love you too." Sherlock pressed another kiss to John's hair and John slowly made his way to their bedroom.
Jim was hesitant. “Hey wait! I don’t even know your name, you cut up my friend, you tried to drown a baby duck, and you expect me to go on a date with you?”
"The body of a man was found late last night, and police believe he is the third in a series of sex slayings that has been plaguing London for weeks. The dead man has been identified as thirty-nine year-old Grayson Ashcroft, a financial broker who lived on Harley Street. The victim was found by his housekeeper earlier this morning as she reported for work. Ashcroft was on his bed, nude, with his throat slashed. Police also suspect he was drugged, like the earlier victims...."
Greg wrinkled his nose and frowned. “Believe me, I’d rather be with you. I hate having to wear a monkey suit and hobnob with those rich stiffs while boring music plays. I don’t even know how to do those fancy dances. But Irene insisted. She wasn’t keen on going at first, until she found out her new neighbors are coming.”
"I've already sent her some pictures. She was delighted that we're having a wonderful time. She said it was one of the best decisions she ever made," Sherlock answered, taking John into his arms.
"It's your fault you know. I don't know how many times I've told you not to chase after criminals on your own without backup. Now we're spending a Friday night at the A&E."
Sherlock was immediately taken with the mystery blond, the sight causing him to drop his cigarette.
With a grunt, Sherlock released John, who got up and brushed dirt and grass off his shorts. Sherlock also stood and pulled down his T-shirt, then wasted no time getting John back into his arms. "I wish we could stay here longer. I had a wonderful afternoon with you."
Officer Morstan speculates the killer may have left and then returned to commit the murders. It was also speculated in the beginning that the murders may have been spurned by racial hatred, as Mr. Anderson was white and Ms. Donovan was colored. However, that theory proved false when a mystery person claiming to be the killer called radio station KMOF last night during DJ Billy Wiggins' show, stating the killings were not a result of racism, but revenge for a supposed "wrong" the killer has suffered, and has threatened to commit more murders.
John nearly did a double take at hearing that delicious baritone, but he kept his composure. "Well, heat rash has actually been pretty common at the A&E this summer, especially with those that have to wear uniforms and the fabric isn't that forgivable. But I take it you made it a personal choice."
As Victor and Tim stepped onto the field, they were met with hoots, hollers, cheers, and whistles from their teammates. "Looks like we're going to have a fight to the death for the crown!" Greg joked, slapping the two on their shoulders.
"Tea sounds lovely." Sherlock kissed John again and the doctor headed for the kitchen. John turned on the radio that sat on the counter and began to prepare their drinks, filling the teapot with water to boil, getting out their favorite mugs, and a box of Earl Grey. A new song started to play. John recognized it instantly. It was "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" by Roberta Flack. He began to hum the bars of the song.
Sherlock looked at John and it wasn't long before his brain was charged up again. "Benedict Carlton and Harrison Freeman in
"Yes," the woman announced proudly. "I'm Irene Adler, and this is Molly Hooper, my partner, both in business and and in pleasure." Molly grinned and nodded at John.
John shook his head. "Nope," popping the P. "You don't have the patience, and besides it's more fun this way." He moved closer to kiss him on the cheek.
"Believe it. When you boys get together it usually means trouble. This time I was smart enough to listen in on your latest gathering. So I called Barbara and filled her in on your little plot, and she was more than eager to help me teach you all a lesson." She dropped the hose and placed her hands on her hips. "I suggest you boys head home and stay there. Some phone calls to parents are in order."
John opened the passenger door for Molly and put her tote bag in the backseat. He slid into the driver’s side and revved up the engine. “Are you going to come and visit me tonight?” he asked. “I’ll be with Mary and Mike, but you know I like working with you best.”
I'm still writing my other current story, The Captain and the Woman, and I will do little one-offs from time to time. In time, I hope to return to Sleepwalk and finish it because I'm proud of what I've written so far, but for now, it's going to take a rest.
"Hi Jody. Christ, what a night. First the attack at The Big H, and now this. When is this madness going to end?"
"Yeah. I got thirsty, so I went downstairs to the kitchen, and saw him leave. I went back to the basement and to his office. I shouldn't have snooped, but I got curious. He has newspaper clippings about the murders on his desk. And in one of his desk drawers, I found a Halloween mask and a butcher knife. I ran back upstairs, got my camera, and I took pictures of the clippings, the mask, the knife. I hid the camera in a box under my bed. I didn't think to bring it with me, but I can give it to you tomorrow after school."
Sherlock froze at seeing John in front him, giving him a smile that wasn't exactly friendly. He was sure John had used that smile before when he was a Captain in the Army. It was both frightening him and turning him on. But he did what he knew best. He put on his mask of cold indifference.
"Hey, I have to keep up my strength for rugby. And you could stand to put on a few stone, and I know you love fish and chips."
Rosie squealed and toddled over. John retrieved a box cutter and sat on the floor, carefully slicing open one side of the package. He pulled out the item and grinned at his little girl. "Now it's time to start getting ready. Hopefully by the time we're done, Papa will be home."
Warren stood up and walked to his dresser, opening the top drawer. He took out a check and handed it to John. "Here's for a job well done. You don't know how much I needed this."
Henry stood up, leaving the half-full cup of water on the table. "What's going to happen now?" he asked, his voice quivering.
Irene cast a knowing smirk in his direction. "So John, do you think this date would lead to a more personal relationship between the two of you?"
"It is a nice day, but I want to get my history homework done. Why don't you come over to my house after school? Mom doesn't get home until five-thirty. I don't think she minds now if you're there," John replied, trying to appease the taller boy.
John arrived home an hour later, completely knackered. Sherlock was not in, so John sent another text saying he was home now, and he would order takeaway later for dinner. He went straight to his bedroom, removed his shoes and socks, and collapsed onto the bed, asleep in a matter of minutes, so he didn't hear his phone blowing up with texts.
"Your relationship with Sherlock means everything to him. He's so much happier. It's been very rough for him. He's had to deal with a lot. He's never had anyone else to care about him except for me, his father, Mycroft, and Sheridan..."
Molly rolled her eyes. "I'm sure you did. It was all for nothing. Greg already knows what happened to me yesterday, we talked on the phone last night. So stop trying to be a troublemaker. You've got Kate, there's no need to try and ruin mine and Greg's happiness."
John exchanged hellos with some of his football teammates as he made his way towards homeroom. The halls were crowded with fellow students either walking to their classes, hanging out and talking, or at lockers gathering books.
James hung up the phone, nodded at Gordie, said goodbye to Dee-Dee, and walked outside, searching for for the nearest payphone.
Sherlock chuckled darkly. "If I try often enough, I think I could get somewhere." He kissed John again. "Come with me," he asked a second time, his tone even lower than usual, and rough with want.
"Hello, it's nice to meet you. You two are very talented with all the painting you've done," John said cheerfully, holding out his hand.
John was in his living room, listening to Miles Davis on his tablet, looking at the picture of Sherlock Holmes on the Your Turn site. There was no doubt Sherlock (a very unusual and unique name, John thought) was a gorgeous man. His hair was curly, mostly dark, with some silver strands running through. He had the most fascinating eyes John ever seen. They were almost feline in their shape, and they were icy blue. Definitely bedroom eyes, John thought, seductive and alluring.
He looked at the officer again. "Bag up this evidence. If we can find any pour patterns, we've got ourselves arson. I'll call Dave Morstan."
John screamed and lunged towards him, but Dave held him back. “Let it go son. He’s going to jail. Now let’s get out of this storm and you can tell me everything that happened.” Dave nodded to the other officer, who threw Sherlock into the back of the squad car and locked it. “I’ll drive him down to the station Dave. You stay here with the kid,” the officer said.
Greg sat back with a sigh of content. "I still can't believe Molly and I...I mean I always liked her as a friend and a colleague, but I never thought we would end up as a couple. She'd been hung up on Sherlock for years, and I was trapped in a shitty marriage I didn't think I'd escape. Then finally, Jill decided she wanted out. I was so happy I didn't even fight her on custody. If the kids wanted to be with her and that loser gym teacher, so be it."
The two had taken quickly to quiet seaside living. Sherlock was ecstatic with his own lab and being a bee farmer. John fished, and began to write a book about their cases. Life was grand.
"Hey Johnny," Jim Moriarty greeted back with a sly grin. "So you got pics done yeah? I see Sherlock's in for a big surprise."
Henry's face turned ghostly white, and nausea began to seep into his stomach. "Oh God---what happened?" Dave placed a steadying hand on his back.
Silently fuming, Becky followed her brother inside, not being able to see the drama that was unfolding.
"Gordon Ritter, but we all call him Gordie. He's one of the bartenders, works afternoons Thursday through Tuesday. He's the best one to talk to, since we get a lot of men during the weekdays. They come here during their work breaks to have a few drinks, take some of the morning stress away. A lot of them like to unload their problems on Gordie, he's a great listener. He used to be a psychologist here in the Hills, but he got burnt out listening to other people moan. So he quit and started working here. He's a very sweet man, helped me through a bad breakup with my lousy ex."
Sherlock was a bit taken aback. This type of affection was rare from his mother. She was never cold, but frequent hugs, kisses, and loving words had never been a constant staple in the Holmes household. But Sherlock knew she loved him, loved Mycroft, and even managed to hold onto a sliver of love for Eurus.
They had been in quarantine for a week. One more week and they were supposed to "get back to normal," but a stay at home order was in place so the two knew they would be stuck inside for much longer. You could only leave for groceries, takeout, doctor's appointments, getting prescriptions, and taking short walks around the neighborhood.
Sherlock and John, Rosie's proud dads, were in their Roaring Twenties finest, complete with pinstripe suits (white with black stripes for John and black with white stripes for Sherlock), and matching fedoras. Lacy's dad wore a traditional tuxedo and her mom wore a satin gown and faux diamond necklace, a near double for Josephine Baker.
For the next thirty minutes, the two shared laughs and kisses as one by one, the boxes were opened. When it was all done, Sherlock had:
John nodded profusely. "Yes. It's not about pleasantly torturing people, it's about caring for Evie. One day, I won't be doing this. I'll go back to being a doctor in a clinic somewhere. But for now, I'm sowing my oats I never sewed when I was younger. I'm reliving my twenties now, and enjoying it immensely."
John shot his friend a rueful glance. "Yeah, more me than him you know. After Mary, I was so out of it. It took months of therapy for me to realize how much anger was inside of me. And it all stemmed back to my childhood. Having an alcoholic, homophobic father really messes with your head and your heart. After what happened with Harry, I vowed that wasn't going to be me. That's why I left right after I finished sixth form and never looked back. If my mum was still there I probably would have stayed, but at least she was able to get away. Harry and I had to rough it out for a few more years. I felt like I couldn't trust anyone. Hell, I couldn't even trust myself. But now, things are great. Sherlock is a great dad to Rosie, and a great partner. We still have our tumbles, but it's nothing major and we always promise each other not to go to bed mad."
Officer Sholto sat off to the right. He looked at Henry, with no expression on his face. Henry wondered what he was thinking. Did he already know about Richard? Did Dave know?
Big Seb frowned at the younger teen but said nothing, as he genuinely liked him, and Little Seb didn't make cracks about his sexuality.
John licked his lips, a habit of his when he was aroused. "Really? Well, I think you're bloody gorgeous. Those boots are hot on you."
Hal drained the rest of his tea. "Well, I'd better get back to the shop. Thanks for the refreshment Wanda." He turned to John. "And you young man, get better soon, so you can be ready to win some football games."
"Honestly, I'm not in any hurry, but I need someone a bit more exciting. I may be old but I'm not ready for the grave," John joked.
As afternoon approached, he and Harry dried off and headed for the boardwalk to get lunch. They found a pizza parlor with picnic tables and umbrellas with a view of the beach. As they sat and ate, the spooky feeling returned and John began looking around.
He watched the three get into a sporty pale convertible. Harry was in the driver seat, this was her car. John sat in the passenger side, and Clarence hopped into the back, stretching out his long frame by putting both legs up on the seat. The car revved up and drove off, and Sherlock was sorely tempted to follow, but he didn't. He wanted to find John while he was alone and apologize.
“Hmm,” Irene replied, becoming calmer as she thought about John’s idea. When she first met Sherlock after talking with him on the phone about being blackmailed, she wanted to dom him, but he’d refused outright, saying women were not his area when it came to anything sexual, and she was his client. Eventually they started a tentative friendship after he caught her blackmailer. But Sherlock had proved to be unpredictable and destructive, occasionally scaring potential clients away with his deductions, and not even knowing Irene had visited Mycroft and Greg could improve his behavior. But maybe John was the one that could.
Back at Harry and Clarence's house, Clarence, Wanda Watson, and Sidney and Veronica Holmes were sitting outside on the small patio in back, discussing the situation between John and Sherlock. There was a lot of heated arguing, but they all came to an agreement that the police would not be involved unless Sherlock actually made contact with John and tried to attack him again. Mr. & Mrs. Holmes would take Sherlock back to Sherrinford as soon as they found him. But concerns still lingered.
Pour the first three ingredients into a glass or a shaker filled with ice. Mix using the shaker or pour from one glass into another until satisfied, with the liquid ending back into the glass with the ice. Squeeze some lime juice around the rim of the glass, then add a little salt to the rim. Then enjoy!
Raquel nodded. "I still have my RN license. But this is what brings in the bucks. I have a disabled husband to support, and his medical bills are through the roof. He has no problem with what I do. There's no actual sex and he knows I come home to him. He used to be in the Army, and while he didn't suffer any physical trauma, he has severe depression and PTSD to the point he can't work. My nursing job kept me away from him a lot, and in the end, I decided I needed to have a job where I could set my own hours and be more at home with him."
John wrinkled his nose. "Ugh, that's even worse." He turned to face his husband. "I'm not tired anymore. Wanna watch some telly? I know it's not your thing---"
"No. I'm here visiting a friend, but it seems he isn't home." He pointed to the well-kept small white one-story.
"If she had just targeted her husband and mistress, she may have gotten sympathy, but I suspect she'll serve quite a bit of time for the other victims," Sherlock deduced. "I'm getting in the taxi now, I'll be home in a bit. And keep that scotch out, I'll want two fingers of it myself."
He knew one day he'd have to tell John about the real reason his family emigrated to California, and he hoped John would understand. But he wasn't ready to cross that bridge yet.
As Sherlock sat and deduced people walking through the terminal (the woman heading out of town to meet a lover for an adulterous tryst, one going on a business trip thinking he would get a promotion not knowing when he'd return he'd be fired, the teenagers who clearly didn't want to visit their grandparents), he wondered how long someone, namely Mycroft, would figure out he was on his way to find John. His motorcycle was in the garage. He had simply walked down Baker Street towards town, where he found a teenager in a car who agreed to take him into town for ten bucks. The boy was very husky and intimidating, but when Sherlock asked if he was an athlete, he relaxed and started bragging about his accomplishments as a high school wrestler. He learned his name - Carl Powers - and Sherlock knew he was the son of the drunk who propositioned him in jail. He knew Carl had no idea what his father was up to, and kept silent about it.
"Thanks Sherlock. Mike put the sling on John and handed him the pills. "You're all good to go. Be careful going home, it's started snowing."
"Nope, sorry, not interested. Besides, I don't think your girlfriend of two years would appreciate you hitting on me and every tall dark-haired man in the club."
Sherlock tugged at his dark curls and closed his eyes, mentally willing his body to block out the irritating scents. He retreated into his mind, pulling up calming images of a bright full moon against a midnight black sky, feeling the rush of the wind and the warmth of summer rain as the wolf within ran in the London woods. He could feel his body and mind becoming clearer and calmer.
Transference is a real psychological condition. Ted Bundy supposedly had it, killing women who resembled the girlfriend that dumped him. In this story, Jim is killing men who look like the one that attacked and paralyzed Sebastian. As you can see, I'm a huge crime buff and generally all the crime I've written in my fics are based on real-life cases.
John felt someone was watching him. It started after the teenage girls approached him. He was preparing his surfboard, getting ready to go into the ocean when he felt the hairs stand up on the back of the neck, and a prickly feeling enveloped his body. He shook it off and ran towards the shore, board in hand, jumping into the cool, refreshing water. He and Harry had a blast riding their boards and catching waves. The spooky feeling soon dissolved and his only thought was sun, sand, and surf.
John giggled, which made Sherlock shiver with happiness. He would never get tired of that sound. "See you tonight angel."
He confronted Mary, who first denied it, but eventually she confessed to her adultery. John immediately filed for divorce. He could no longer stay with a cheater. He'd seen how his father's affairs ruined his marriage with his mother, and he vowed he wouldn't stay married to a cheater. He got a lawyer, based the divorce on the grounds of emotional cruelty, mental cruelty, and adultery. He demanded the car and half of their joint checking account, along with his freedom, and he got all three. Knowing she'd screwed up big time, Mary didn't fight him.
But as years passed, many listeners, including myself, interpreted the lyrics as the man trying to commit date rape. In fact, I call Baby It's Cold Outside the "Christmas Date Rape Song." So I can understand why so many feel uncomfortable hearing it. It's a song I personally don't care for.
John put both hands on Greg’s shoulders and looked him square in the eye. “You really want to break up with Irene for Molly? Then you need to be serious about it. No waffling. Molly’s very special to me and I don’t want to see her heart get broken. She really likes you but she feels she doesn’t have a chance with you, or any other boy at school. If you hurt her, I’ll kick your ass. I mean it.”
They were looking for someone to play the part of Titania, renamed Titan, to Sherlock's Oberon. This version of the ballet was gay-friendly, and one of the performances was a charity event with ticket sales being donated to LBGTQ+ causes, so Titan would be a male dancer.
John entered the campus coffee shop, Coffee, Tea, & Thee, letting out a sigh of relief at feeling the warmth radiate from inside. The shop wasn't as busy as other nights thanks to the chilly rain, but a few customers, mostly students, were sitting at tables, in chairs, and on the couches that took up the other half of the cafe.
Sorry, I just came back in from tending my garden and I left my phone inside. Wow, I can't believe you messaged me. This is a pleasant surprise.
His children Theo and Sophie, were born to one of his homeless contacts, a young woman who conceived them while high on drugs. Not able to care for them, Sherlock and Victor adopted them after their birth and raised them in a flat on Baker Street. Their landlady Mrs. Hudson, was like a surrogate grandmother, doting on them and baking all kinds of treats for the family.
"He's a great guy Harry. At least you don't have to worry about creeps chasing after you." John looked down at the floor, fists clenched.
. Were they based on people you knew or encountered during your military service, like the nurse that inspired
"Yeah, well I'm the one that's gonna be hauling this kid around for the next eight months, so I have final say, and Clarence already knows it."
Outside, a thunderstorm raged, but inside, Sherlock and John were enjoying a romantic bath. John lay back against Sherlock's chest, Sherlock's arms wrapped around his blogger. The only source of light was the candles that sat on a shelf above, casting a dreamy glow.
Harry grinned madly. "Definitely, little brother. It's not everyday I get to see you strutting around in heels and a maid's outfit."
"Really? Well, tell him thank you." John was never one to turn down a free meal, especially an expensive one. "What's good here?"
"Neither did he. So, he ordered me to detention and banned me from his class. It's fine anyway, he's a bore and so is history."
The other man raised his eyebrows in both surprise and disbelief. "How did you know I was a former Army Captain?"
I'm sitting in a hard, uncomfortable chair next to Sherlock, whose sitting lengthwise on a bed that's too short for him. His arms are crossed and he's sulking. I wouldn't be surprised if the git goes into a full-on strop in a few minutes.
"Happy Christmas my conductor of light. This is the best gift anyone could ever give me," Sherlock happily replied.
. Suddenly this wonderful smelling and handsome man became even more interesting and intriguing than ever.
Sherlock frowned. "What do you mean by that? Oh wait---you think I'd bite you. I assure you I won't. I also know you can't be enthralled. I wouldn't even try that anyway. You're much too interesting to be a mindless slave."
Molly's dress (middle one) inspired by the yellow dress she wore in The Sign of Three. I think she would definitely wear this if she were a sixteen year-old back in 1961. It's prim and proper but cute.
Sidney and Veronica were somewhat taken aback at Clarence's anger, but Wanda stepped in front of him. "Mr. & Mrs. Holmes, I don't know how you got my daughter and son-in-law's address, but I think we should go inside and discuss this situation privately. Clarence, it's okay. If they're here to find Sherlock and take him home, then we're all on the same page." She turned to her son-in-law. "Clarence?"
The outdoor furniture was secured, phones and laptops were charged, and John had put fresh batteries in the portable radio. He and Sherlock were at Mycroft's Brighton home on holiday. They were supposed to leave tomorrow to return to Baker Street, but thanks to the storm named Francis that was expected to blow through the coast, the town officials had asked those right on the shore to evacuate if they could, and those inland to shelter in place.
Sebastian rushed to his boyfriend and scooped him up in his arms, cradling him, peppering his face and neck with kisses. "I heard what happened at school today. You okay baby?"
"He knew that it was my first time working at the hotel and seemed to know I was a dom. It caught me off guard, but he was so busy rattling off at the mouth that I just waved it off." John shook his head and took a sip of his Earl Grey. "I think I dodged a bullet becoming his flatmate."
John hurried to the front door, hearing the sharp knock on the door. "I'm coming, be there in a sec!" he called.
"Richard Wilkes...Christ, this is crazy...he's such a prominent member of the town," Fred said. "Why him?"
Oliver met them halfway, wearing scrubs. "Hi John, hi Sherlock. I'd hug you both, but I just put these on and I'm going into the delivery room now. I'll let you know as soon as the little one's here. The parents-to-be opted not to know the gender of their baby.
"Yes it has been, and I need to get back home. Mrs. Hudson is looking after Brett and I need to read him his story and get him off to bed." Sherlock kissed his friend on the cheek. "I hope your night is much calmer."
John’s eyes widened as he processed Bryan’s deduction. Psychologically it made sense, the boyfriend taking his fury out on those that looked like Quinn, to avenge his lover but at the same time, protect him in a warped way. So that he wouldn’t get hurt again.
Sherlock smiled and held out his hand. John took it and Sherlock kissed his husband's knuckles. "You wouldn't have me any other way."
Greg knew the real reason why Mycroft and he attended every year. His husband on the outside was the cool and collected British government, but on the inside, he was sexually adventurous, always wanting to try new things, and the guests had lots of advice when it came to the bedroom. Both men benefited extremely from that advice.
I apologize to any readers named Tiffany or Crystal, or have kids with those names. The opinions expressed by my characters are not necessarily my own. ;-)
Rosie smiled reassuringly at her father. "I know Dad, but Your Turn isn't like all those other dating sites out there. It's strictly for people fifty and up."
The detective followed John's voice and saw him standing with a big grin on his face. Then he saw the pink box and his heart started to flutter. "You've been to---"
"No you cant, and it's already decided. You're not going. Now get back in the house," Harry retorted.
Sherlock pouted, which John found too adorable for words, and maneuvered himself until his head was on his husband's chest. He sighed at the feel of the soft fleece blanket. John couldn't help but chuckle. "You're just a big cat."
after you. A young, brilliant, extremely handsome lab assistant. William Holmes. How does that sound?"
John stared at the snow that was coming down, covering the neighborhood in a blanket of white, before turning to his alpha. "I forgot to tell you, Scandal Sheets offered me a discount on a Valentine's Day photo shoot. I thought you and I could do one together, for our anniversary, if you want."
"Well, I thought it out of the ordinary, because she hardly ever comes to that part of town. And then when Mom and I left, the car started following us."
"I can't help it. I love you John. I've never felt this way before. Sociopaths aren't supposed to love. Well, that's what Mycroft and Eurus keep saying."
“I understand you’re scared Bryan, but your theory has merit. But would Seb or Jim really go after you? You’re a victim of Quinn too. You share something in common with Seb. He and Jim might see you more as an ally. Besides, how would they automatically assume it was you who went to the police? Everyone in the veterans’ group knows what happened.”
A month later, Sherlock came to London to spend time with John, and Rosie made her chicken parm dinner. Sherlock judged it most excellent.
"Yes. I'm at the Del Sol Motel. It's a dive, but it's shelter." Sherlock grinned deviously. "If you ever change your mind, you know where to find me..."
Sherlock leaned against the white brick wall, desperately craving a cigarette, wishing he had John’s mom’s pills, even if it was the main reason he’d been caught and locked up. He occasionally dabbled in harder drugs when he wanted to quiet his mind or he needed a quick high. His parents had habitually threatened to send him to rehab but always chickened out at the last minute.
"I can hardly wait to hear the tale of the terrible toddler," Sherlock teased, a big grin on his face.
Less than ten minutes later, Dave was entering the station. Officer Sholto was at the front desk with Sebastian standing there, a fierce look on his handsome face. "Okay Sebastian, Officer Sholto says you have information on the murders. Tell me what you know."
She admitted coating her lips with coconut juice she'd gotten from the open bar, as Ms. Beckwith was deathly allergic to it. She'd gone upstairs in the pretense of telling her former lover she'd accepted that things were over between them, and asked for one final goodbye kiss. Seconds after the kiss, Ms. Beckwith had gone into anaphylactic shock and collapsed. Without her EpiPen, she painfully convulsed and died, and Ms. Divine stood there, watching her expire. At the same time, her assistant had turned off the power after Ms. Divine showed her where the breakers were in the basement while they were setting up earlier that evening. The outage was a part of Ms. Divine's fake prophecy, that would show the guests her mystical powers, but was a cover for her to kill in darkness. She'd hidden a pair of night vision goggles in her bag, putting them on so she could make her way back downstairs without hurting herself. Once she got downstairs she texted her assistant to turn the lights back on.
She vehemently shook her head. “No. Besides, there’s nothing interesting about me anyway. I’d bore you to tears.”
John was a gorgeous child; he started attracting the attention of older boys when he was just eleven. Wanda remembered when they still lived in Los Angeles, John had walked home from school one day when a fifteen year-old from the neighborhood accosted him and in no uncertain terms, announced that he was taking John back to his house to have sex. Wanda and Ham had taught John about what to do if someone tried to kidnap him, and John responded by kicking the older boy in the crotch. The other boy’s parents couldn’t believe their son would do that, until he tried to make off with a nine year-old boy just a week later. The Watsons moved at the end of the month, settling in Sherrinford. Harry had stayed behind because she was eighteen and living on her own.
John gave Evie a small amount of diet gingerale to settle her stomach. Mrs. Doyle had given it to him. She bought the diet by mistake and John agreed to take it. He wasn’t a big soda drinker, but he did like the taste of gingerale from time to time, and he was glad he had it tonight.
The smell of browning beef and melting cheese hit the lanky alpha's nostrils and he smiled. John was making steak quesadillas, one of Sherlock's favorite meals that didn't come from a takeaway box. John never wanted Sherlock around in the kitchen while he was cooking, mainly because he'd stand behind John and cuddle him intensely or pepper kisses all over the back of his neck and ears while John would try to make their meals. John would gently push Sherlock away and tell him it could wait until after dinner, then he'd placate the alpha with a soft kiss on his nose or lips.
"Hi John. Listen dear, I called because I need to know when you'll be available to help me get the old joint up and running. I'll have Ella and Angelo tomorrow morning and early afternoon, and Molly, Mike, and Mary are coming tomorrow after school."
The lady shook it and smiled. “Hello dear, and what an unusual name! My name Lydia Smallwood. Have you met Molly Hooper? She’s a wonderful girl and a wonderful pianist.” She glanced fondly at Molly, who while was genuinely relieved to see Mrs. Smallwood, she was still a little spooked at her odd encounter with Mycroft.
"I'm extremely lucky. There's no lipstick in our flat for him to decorate the walls with. Well, at least not when I need to buy some for a case," Sherlock deadpanned.
John nodded. "Want to watch it with me? And then later I'll make us dinner. We've got some steaks in the fridge, I could use that marinade and we have the grill on the deck."
The Homecoming game against the Gatiss Gators will begin at seven Friday evening. And I hate to say it, but due to unfortunate events, police will be on hand providing security all night. People attending the game will be searched at the entrance. We want this to be a fun and safe night for everyone, especially since we're also choosing our Homecoming King and Queen as well.
"Mrs. Hudson made some lemon poppyseed loaves for her erotic book club and gave one to us," Sherlock said with a grin.
Sherlock looked at John for clarification. "Rosie named her. She overheard me telling you how good you look in your bespoke suits and that you want to get me my own bespoke suit, and she thinks bespoke is a happy word."
, was written while I was in recovery. When I first enlisted in the Army and was doing basic training, there was a nurse on base who nearly all of the recruits were gaga over. These guys kept going on and on about how beautiful she was. One day, I came down with a pretty nasty sinus infection. I was sent to see the nurse. Well, I took one look at her and got really freaked out. She was gorgeous, but there was something about her eyes. To me, it looked like there was no soul, no feeling in them. She spoke in a very sultry, almost seductive voice, and her lips were blood red. After my visit with her, my bunkmates asked what I thought of her, and I told them she was weird, and I actually got scared while being alone with her. I actually called her a succubus."
Although he was ecstatic at carrying Sherlock's child and he couldn't wait to meet their little boy in four months, John felt like he was the ugliest person in London. During his days at the clinic, he had treated quite a few pregnant omegas who came in for colds & viruses, and even while sick they looked amazing, with glowing skin and gorgeous hair. John looked in the mirror and saw heavy bags under his eyes, greying, thinning hair, and dry skin. His breasts were filling in, preparing for the milk that John would be feeding their baby, and instead of being perky, they were a bit saggy. He looked old, tired, and rundown.
Molly nodded. "I went up to his class this morning for small talk before the kids come like I always do, and he told me he saw you coming into class this morning. I think you made quite an impression on him."
Mycroft's brain slipped into a fog, which was something that never happened. He couldn't even register why Molly was calling since she'd made it perfectly clear she didn't want him anywhere near her.
Sherlock wanted more. He knew he didn't deserve more. Who in their right mind would pursue a romantic relationship with someone that first tried to rape them? If he had acted like a normal human being towards John and simply asked him on a date, they wouldn't be apart. But Sherlock was not a normal human being and didn't do normal things like dates. Whenever he was with someone, they never went out to eat, or to the cinema, or hung out. It was heated couplings in cars, or beds, or anywhere private he could find.
He didn't want to feel this way. Mycroft had pounded into his head over and over that caring was not an advantage and sentiment was a weakness. But he was a hypocrite. His older brother had gone and made a fool of himself over Molly Hooper. Eurus was no better, losing her virginity to Jim Moriarty. While they pursued their desires, Sherlock had to reign his in. But no more. If his siblings were going to get what they wanted, so was he.
Sherlock turned away, saying nothing. Greg shook his head. "Sherlock, you realize this behavior can get you thrown behind bars, especially if he lodges a complaint?"
"Yes. Poor baby was so miserable. There was no way I was sending him to school. He's been in bed most of the day, up and down with vomiting. If he isn't feeling better by tonight, he's staying home again tomorrow. The only thing he ate was dry toast and gingerale, and he couldn't even keep that down."
John stood there outside the Roller-Rama, eyes closed, letting the evening California breeze wash over him. Now relaxed and with fresh air back in his lungs, he was ready to go back inside and skate some more. But then his relaxed feeling disappeared. He could feel someone standing next to him and they weren’t making a sound. Then he smelled tobacco and he wrinkled his nose. He hated the odor of cigarettes.
He watched him leave, and after he closed the door, he leaned back against, heaving a huge sigh. He wondered how Molly would take the news. Hopefully she wouldn’t think it was a joke.
Jim watched wide-eyed with arousal as Eurus, still in her slinky white slip dress, sashayed over to her record player. It was hard to believe she was only fifteen. She was a twenty-five year old sexpot trapped in a young girl's body, and Jimmy was certain the day would end with the two of them in bed together. Eurus had been hinting at wanting to sleep with him the day they went to the old Belgrave mansion and necked like crazy, and Jim, who had never really dated anyone steadily, wasn't sure if he should get mixed up with a girl younger than him when this time next year, he would be getting ready to head off to college. But this didn't have to be permanent. He could handle a fling, and Eurus didn't seem like the type to settle down, not with her crazy personality.
Sadie yawned. "Well, that's a no from her. It's time for a nap," Molly replied, picking up her youngest, who placed her head on Molly's shoulder and stuck her thumb in her mouth. "I'll take her to the nursery. Thanks Mike and Robyn."
Sherlock laughed out loud. "How could I forget about those? Mummy and Father were so horrified." He scooped Molly up in a quick hug. "I'm glad we're friends."
Mike grinned and held up Rosie's sack, shaped like a mermaid's tail. "You'll have enough left over for Easter."
The officer helped Carl to a standing position. "Well, you can tell your story down at the station. You're wanted for an assault over at Angelo's restaurant earlier tonight, I got the call. When are you gonna learn Powers?"
John looked past his mom to the other side of a street. He saw a pristine white Cadillac sedan sitting there. Any other time, he wouldn't think of it. But with the murders, and curfew being half an hour away, there was something very suspicious about it.
It's been a crappy couple of weeks in the good ol' USA thanks to a certain orange President who shall not be named. And The Patriots won the Superbowl AGAIN UGH!!! But you're not here to see my rants. Enjoy the latest chapter!
Police cars and an ambulance were in front of the sprawling Wilkes mansion. Paramedics were bringing out Jeff Hope, lying on a stretcher under a white sheet stained with blood.
Irene cuddled closer to Molly, her chin hooked over Molly's shoulder. "Still, we should ensure John's safety. I know this sounds crass, but he's done wonders for Leather and Lace and I don't want to see anything happen to him. And he's a genuinely nice guy. There aren't too many of them around."
"I had fun talking to Billy Wiggins, but I wanted to hear a different voice so I figured I'd call you since you're reporting my handiwork to the hypocrites of this town."
