Even though he had been able to fall asleep easily, Tony had woken up quite a few times during the night which dampened his good mood just the tiniest bit. Luckily someone had invented coffee and that would help keep him up.
Thankfully, the damned things were working out just fine anyway. The handover to Dugan was seamless, the adoption papers had arrived needing nothing more than a few spaces filled in and Tony’s signature, seeing as he was no longer a minor and needed to give his consent and consent for his brother.
“Nada,” Bucky told him, closing the file and handing it back to Jessica. “You sure you—”
“Clint,” Fitz said and Clint wasn’t sure how long he had been saying it but it rang out loudly and Clint winced but didn’t remove his hearing aids. He couldn’t deal with the silence on top of everything else.
They sat down and Sarah served the food, as she usually did. It was Steve’s turn to say grace before they ate, which had become a routine Tony enjoyed a lot. Everything was as it always had been on calm evenings.
“Look at him. He’s so excited about his show,” Tony sighed happily and shook his head before getting up to clear the table. He didn’t even have to think about where the cutlery went or from which cabinet to get the small plates. The familiarity was what he loved the most about their home. “I hope we’ll always stay in this house.” He was speaking more to himself than Steve.
There was a soft light coming in through the curtains and this was the most peaceful Clint had woken up since he’d come home. He wondered if it would be even better with Tony around.
“You’re really here.” Tony rested a hand on top of Steve’s. The forehead kiss added several years to his life, he was sure of it.
Steve’s answering smile was warm and sincere. “I will. See you tomorrow.”
For a split second he was jealous but then he looked at Sarah. “Benni wants to spend some brother time. I thought about going to the zoo with him.”
Almost immediately Tony started to tremble slightly, holding onto Steve’s hand tighter. “Okay,” he nodded. “And you will stay here until… it’s over?” Tony didn’t expect to feel this scared. This was worse than his fear of Howard which he had always kept nice and bottled up.
Tony grabbed his jacket for an extra layer of protection, even though it wouldn’t make much of a difference.
“How could I not be,” he asked and kissed Steve's chest, unable to move more than that. There was some guilt over the thought that he hadn't been able to help Steve. “Are you?” He asked.
“Thank you,” Clint said quietly, not wanting to make light of the situation for once but unsure of how to say something more romantic.
The room was so warm. So inviting. And it had everything Tony ever dreamt of. The bed was bigger than Tony’s and Benni’s combined, the rug looked incredibly expensive and brand new. Not like any of the rugs they had in their small home. Nothing in that room could be compared to what Tony used to have. He spotted the pictures on the shelves and his breathing hitched. There his mother was smiling at baby Benni in her arms. Next to it his mother, sister and brother—he had cut out Howard and with that himself years ago—and then pictures of them separately. How he wished they were there with him. How he wished they could get all this and not him.
He listened to the sound of Steve’s heart beating and let the steady rise and fall of his chest relax him even more. Steve’s arm was wrapped lazily around him, holding him securely against him, and his eyes were closed.
“He’s in surgery.”
Something about the way Steve stressed being the biggest brother was making Tony feel better. So he didn’t agree with that either? Shortly after Steve, Tony decided to get ready for the day as well.
Tony kept staring at the sleeping Steve who stirred in his sleep, wincing every now and then and going very still again. No matter how heavy his eyes got, Tony forced himself to keep them open and keep looking at him.
“Thank you,” Steve said, tugging the blanket back down, “but I don’t need to be coddled. I’ve been shot before.” He sat up again, looking at both of them in turn. “I won’t leave the bed but don’t expect me to do—“
“Is that my cue to leave?” Steve asked, smiling and not expecting James’ reply.
Natalia’s smile dropped a little and she tilted her head to the side, her eyes narrowing suspiciously. “Why?”
Going in there had been risky enough, carrying on a conversation when he was so sleep deprived and tipsy was just plain dangerous and then to actually fall asleep in Tony’s bed? Was he
When they arrived, Dugan turned and asked her if she’d like for him to wait outside and she told him no. She had a ride to get back home. He nodded and drove off once she was inside the building.
“I love you,” he told him, his tone soft but his eyebrows knitted together worryingly. Steve’s poker face was terrible when Tony was the reason for his worry. “More than anything in the world. Anyone.” He leaned up to kiss his lips and then laid back down. “And that means I’m going to do everything in my power to keep you safe. Even if you don’t like it.”
Tony allowed himself to relax a little. Clint was okay. They were taking care of him. And they were safe. They didn’t die. He clung to Steve’s hand and closed his eyes in an attempt to keep the tears at bay. “I missed you so much,” he whispered, his voice cracking.
“You shut it,” Steve said, stabbing his fork in James’ direction. “You handed me the brick in the first place, you traitor.” James shrugged, still smiling and turned to Tony, pointing at Steve.
“Nothing. I didn’t want to bother you,” he mumbled and looked down. The insecurity Tony had seen one too many times in the boy was back and Tony hated it.
As always, Tony cooked dinner with leftovers from the store in order not to waste good food and save money which he then could steal from the register. Howard had disappeared, probably to buy more alcohol and Tony used the calm evening to cook together with his brother and teach him the basics. They even managed to eat dinner in peace, bathe and Tony tucked Benni in his own bed, reading him a fairy tale and kissing him good night. He did all that without ever showing how nervous he was that his father had not been around all day. It was truly getting too good to be true.
After Tony left—Steve had stood in the hallway upstairs and listened for the door to close—Steve wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He didn’t want to leave the house, that was for sure, and he didn’t want any company. Dugan knew he was going through something so when Steve didn’t show up at the office, he took it upon himself to do what needed to be done for the day. No need in bothering the man more.
A couple days later, James was on the phone in the living room. He was leaning back in his chair, his feet propped up on the desk and the telephone wedged between his ear and shoulder, a notepad in his other hand as he wrote down details about their trip.
It was only a couple minutes later than the usual time Tony got to the address—Pepper was a slow walker—but it still made him nervous, even though they never said a specific time. The two men eyed Pepper and then looked to Tony.
“You’re so talented, Steve. You should definitely draw more.” He rested his chin on Steve’s chest and looked up at him. “My favorite one is of the cottage by the cliffs. The sky is grey and cloudy. I don’t know why but it soothes me.” He pressed a few kisses on Steve’s chest again and again, scared of hurting again.
but it would be closer than anything they could do in New York.
“About how unnecessarily big your house is. Clint is scared he’ll get lost and what are we going to do then, hm?” Tony asked, turning around more to face Steve and comb through his hair. “What about you guys? Shop talk this soon?”
He sat back, removing his hand and wincing. Even his ass hurt. What kind of monsters
“Steve,” James said, falling back into the chair again. “It’s not
James came over, the rest of his surroundings falling away and only Clint existed. He tilted Clint’s head up. “
James smiled, asking Dmitri to make a left and head for Clint’s bar.
“Consider the time made,” Steve said, getting even more comfortable on the couch, propping his head up on his hand, his elbow resting on the back of the couch. “What else do you want to do that you haven’t been able to?” He had to add that last part for his own sake, his other hand staying firmly on the pillow in his lap.
“Suppose not.” She shrugged and they went on talking about Pepper and what she had been up to over the holidays, what presents she had received and given. Which was when she pulled out a box packed in brown paper with a bow on top. It was a box full of christmas cookies. “Don’t worry, I baked ‘em fresh for ya and the lil’ one when you called the other day.”
Clint and Tony's captor makes contact. Steve and James use every connection at their disposal and are closing in quickly. But is it quickly enough?
He passed Steve on the way, stopping.
“How are you?”
“It’s okay. He’ll be fine.”
“G-gambling debts, sir?”
Dmitri had driven Clint to the bar this morning and James had called Natalia after they left to see if she would be going there later on as well. He didn’t want Clint to feel like he needed to be babysat but at the same time, there was simply no way in hell James was going to have a repeat of the circumstances that led to Clint being taken away from him. Not in a million years.
Don’t worry about me.” He got up and kissed her cheek. “Do you want something to drink?” When she looked at him in confusion he felt the need to say something, though he knew what James’ reaction would be. “It’ll be fine.
. I’m always with you,” he promised.
Slowly he put Steve’s things over the couch trying to calm his fast beating heart.
He tipped his head back, staring at the ceiling, letting out a shaky exhale. “It’s… wonderful but at the same time incredibly hard to believe that you just… accept me as I am.”
“You’re the last of ‘em,” Steve said, holding his side, his head pounding, but he stood up straight. “Killed the rest and now I’ll kill you too.”
A minute later and Steve leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes and sighing.
“I am though,” he argued softly. “Very, very greedy and you’re all the evidence I need. I…” He paused, licked his lips. “If I was even half the man you deserve, I wouldn’t keep you shacked up in here all the time. I’d be showing you the world, giving you reason to choose me and not see who else is out there. I love being your first but I do worry about it too. That I’ve taken away your choice. I don’t ever want to lose you but… are you sure? About me?” He knew this was a topic they’d been over before but Steve still had a hard time settling his conscience over it—and honestly he didn’t even know his conscience still worked until Tony had come into his life.
Steve sucked in another sharp, angry breath and began tending to his wounds in the tenderest manner possible. When he was done, he handed him an ice pack to hold to his ribs. He had been completely silent when he’d gotten to his back, the otherwise soft skin covered in poorly healed welts.
They both sighed. Getting it off their chests helped even if neither of them had really offered up any answers or solutions to their questions and concerns. The fact that the same things were bothering them both also helped, in its own strange way.
couch.”
“No, I don’t think so and even so, he says he
Howard swallowed despite how dry his throat was. “Uh, no. Not at all, Mr Rogers. Sir.” Steve gave him a controlled smile, his eyes still tight and distrustful. He patted Howard’s shoulder and Howard flinched.
Steve tucked away all the relevant documents they would need into a folder and slipped it into the briefcase he would take along with him and headed upstairs as well to finish packing his clothing where he found Tony folding a shirt.
He came back into the kitchen where they were sitting, Sarah coming in from the other entrance.
“Because when I saw you for the first time I felt like someone saw me. You made me feel like I belonged.” He spoke slowly, thinking about every word that was leaving his mouth. “Seeing you became my week’s highlight. And you threatened Howard because of what he did to me, you saw without having to be told. You knew what was going on but you didn’t brush it off like everyone else.”
, come with me.” Tony pointed to himself just to make sure she was talking to him. “Come on then. We’ll be in the library,” she said and Tony tried to think of something that he might have done to upset her. He didn’t want to upset Sarah.
When Tony got back to the room James put an empty glass on a tray that had not been there before. Seemed that it hadn’t been his worst idea to get something for Sarah.
The last thing he remembered clearly was reaching out to grab a can but then everything went dark. He couldn’t say if he had passed out or if someone had put a dark hood over his head. Whatever it was, it happened fast. From far away Tony heard doors open and close, he felt shoving and then a motor running. Was this it? The one thing Steve had tried to protect him from?
“That no good rotten tattle tale,” Clint said, wrinkling his nose. “He told on me?”
you are an asshole.”
“No, it’s not all the time. Just earlier it was a bit much. It was a long day, that’s all,” he mumbled, hating himself for having said anything to begin with.
“And I’m sorry for snapping earlier. You were just trying to help.”
“No, no,
Pepper said her goodbyes and Tony helped her into her coat.
. Nella read it when she was younger and Tony found it disturbingly absurd and nonsensical. One day he would ask Steve about it if he ever got the chance to do so.
Tony let out a heavy sigh, feeling some of the burden fall from his shoulders. “They are probably very busy,” he said, his voice shaking.
was tired.
“Nothing. They got away.”
“Do you think they thought we’d given up or just wouldn’t make it in time?” Steve asked, his voice trembling on the last words.
He pushed himself up just enough to look out the window. It was dark, they’d been doing business in Manhattan with the Italians and were on their way back. There was another shot to the window and Steve ducked, pulling out his gun.
Could it be? Were they rushing to get out because they were in trouble? Because Steve had found them? That thought gave him energy and he decided to cling to it. But what if he didn’t make it? What if they took Tony somewhere else? What if Steve gave up on finding him because he got tired of looking? Tony couldn’t take that chance.
“You left them,” he said to himself. “You left them to be found.”
“Uh.” Tony thought about it for a second. Steve said he had a great time. They kissed for a few minutes at the door after Steve had gotten dressed again. Tony had his number but Steve had his as well and technically Tony asked him out so it was Steve’s turn if they were going to do things that way, that is.
When Tony entered the room Steve was standing in front of the record player and adjusting the volume of the music before turning around with a glass of alcohol in his hand. Why that made him look so good Tony couldn’t say and probably shouldn’t even be thinking.
“It’s Irish apple pie,” Benni said and pulled his brother closer to the plate. The cake was still warm. “Steve and I made it,” he added and Tony leaned down to place a kiss on top of his head.
“He called us,” Dmitri said, sitting on the couch, tapping a pencil to his lips. He had his own document in front of him, another list of Bakuto’s properties in Queens.
Steve hadn’t really fallen back into his old habits and routines—he didn’t sleep the moment his head hit a pillow, instead he stayed awake most of the night thinking, wandering, and the last two nights, he’d spent in the gym, beating the crap out of the sandbags until it was time to get ready and go. His appetite came and went but when he was really hungry, he ate like there was no tomorrow, knowing himself and how his body needed a certain amount of food to keep him going.
“Beniamino and we call you Benni?” Tony offered as a compromise.
“Reputation aside?” Tony asked and moved to sit properly, biting back a yawn. There was light coming from the hallway, but other than that it was dark in the room. “For what it’s worth, I care just as much about
“I don’t know yet but it doesn’t look good,” James told her. “He lost a lot of blood and I lost him once on the ride over.”
“Tony, there’s a guy who called earlier about getting police lights installed on his car. We don’t really do that, do we?” Pepper, their receptionist, asked.
There was no answer for a few seconds and then came a strangled, “No.”
“Hey, Stevie, I need you to stay awake for me,” James said desperately. Steve’s eyes kept rolling back every time he tried to open them and when he opened his mouth to speak, he coughed up blood. James took his handkerchief and dabbed his mouth with it, worry distorting his features.
“You got a place in mind?” Steve asked, sliding into his car, Jones holding open the door on his side and Vitaly holding open the other on James’ side.
James glared at Steve and then finally gave in to the small smile. He stood up straighter, breathing in and out deeply. “Alright.” He cracked his neck and said, “Grab anything important and let’s go.”
“France? Wow, that sounds exotic and romantic.” He rested his head on Clint’s shoulder for one second until he remembered that Clint needed to read his lips. “I don’t know. Anywhere would be fine with me, really. I’ve barely left Brooklyn.” He swallowed a few times. Talking was getting a bit more difficult. “I… I really thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with Steve.”
“Do you ever still feel afraid of me?” he asked suddenly, throwing Clint off but lucky for James, Clint was used to his own mind jumping subjects, so he bounced back quickly.
“Doesn’t narrow it down as much as I would have liked but it’s a start,” James said, turning to Steve. “Thinking what I’m thinking?”
“I see that my help is needed badly. Really that bad?” He snorted and shook his head. “I can’t wait to see it all.”
The door behind him shut, leaving Tony alone. At least no one had stayed in there with him. That meant that no matter what was happening to Clint, Tony was alright for now.
, get in the car now,” Dugan said, helping him into the passenger seat and then going around to the other side, all the while shouting at Jones and Falsworth to get the other two who had run off.
“Yeah, when it comes to functional adults, truck definitely drew the long straw. Except for Barton maybe.”
When he didn’t see anything else, he whistled and in came a young woman with a medical kit. Steve instructed Tony to sit while she looked him over.
The words hurt his heart and he frowned again, his eyebrows pulling together. Oh, he’d hurt Howard again just for making Tony say that. “Even if there were a way to escape, which there isn’t, he more than likely wouldn’t be able to get to it,” he told him. Leaving off the implied ‘in his condition.’ He was nervous to see how Tony would react to what Steve was saying.
Jones pulled the car around as Dugan got out to help them unload luggage. Steve stayed inside for a moment to talk to Tony.
“No, but if we act on this and they catch wind of it and move them again then we’re right back at square one,” Steve said.
Steve watched his face and it hurt his heart to see how painful something as simple as taking off a shirt was. Worse still that he needed help to do it and if that didn’t make him just want to spit in Howard’s face among other things.
Steve shot James a quick glance his mother missed and James shook his head imperceptibly. Well, imperceptibly to Sarah. They would talk more about this later when she was gone again. Sarah sighed, knowing she wouldn’t get to hear Steve’s unfinished thought.
“For what I’ve done,” he corrected firmly, moving to sit next to Tony, instinctively putting a hand on his knee again. “This isn’t a temporary thing. I’ve done it. It’s—
“Love,” Steve said, putting a little space between them, his hands sitting lightly on Tony’s hips, aching to slip under his shirt and feel his skin. “You know there are few things I enjoy more but not two minutes ago you hurt yourself stretching.” Steve swallowed, stomping down just how much he had missed Tony and how long it had been since they’d been intimate.
“Damn straight you shouldn’t have. If I had gone after Tony for information, which I wouldn’t have, you would be trying to give me a black eye right about now.”
When they finally hung up, Steve slipped the information into the breast pocket of his shirt and held onto the phone number, looking for Tony and finding him in the kitchen as per usual making a cup of coffee.
“It never will be with that attitude.”
Tony, who usually ate the spam first because he didn’t like the taste, washed it down with a gulp of water and a bite from his bread roll and looked up. “I was bitten once by a stray. I’ve been scared ever since. I prefer cats. You?” he asked and dipped some of his bread in the water to soften it. They were not only getting some meat, but also more water now.
. Everything’s fine.” He smiled and got himself and Benni ready for bed. They went through their usual evening routine and Tony even managed to read him half a chapter of his book before he told him good night and gave him a kiss.
“Oh lord. If you think for a second that Virginia Potts is a peaceful person, you know nothing about her.” Tony laughed. “She’s a real Sarah-type of woman. She’s scary sometimes. Too young to be
“Do you still know my number?” Tony nodded to that question. “Call me and tell me where we meet. I want to see you again.” She hugged him again and opened the car door for him.
“Please,” Steve said, closing his eyes. If Tony left he wouldn’t know what to do with himself. “Please,” he repeated, not one to beg.
Moments later the door was thrown open and then men were stalking towards him frantically and he couldn’t understand what was going on. Was that it? Had they decided enough was enough and they were just going to kill him? Well, Clint Barton would not be going gentle into that good night.
“It’s alright, my darling,” James said in the soft tone he only ever used with Clint, “let it out. I’m right here. I’ve got you.” He pressed a kiss to his hair, to his ear, to his temple and everywhere else he could reach as Clint continued to sob, the tears flowing steadily now and his throat and chest aching with the strength of his cries.
He smiled and shifted to sit more comfortably. “
“Phil, bring us a bottle of Powers, unopened, and two glasses please,” James said and Phil hesitated before nodding and heading out to get what was requested.
“Tony?”
It was from a trip to the country house that he and his family had taken. Their last time, actually, but James didn’t dwell on that fact. Instead he showed Clint what he could expect from the little town and the house itself. It was modest compared to their current location but still very nice. It was somewhat secluded, a short drive from the center of town and the nearest neighbor a few minutes down the road.
He tapped on the window with his knuckles and Natalia looked over. James wasn’t even surprised that she had heard that small sound over the raucous of the bar. She looked around and then motioned for him to come through.
He loved Tony, he did, and it wasn’t that he felt like they needed space apart but he was just tired of not being able to do things by himself.
“Look, the doormat was upside down, you both know what that means, I’m sorry you had to come in and see me sucking—”
“We’d love to.”
“Oh, sorry, love,” Steve said, yawning as he got out of bed to get a towel and wet it with warm water. He carefully cleaned Tony up, pressing the odd kiss here and there as he went. He discarded the towel and climbed into bed, pulling Tony onto his chest and sighing happily. “Goodnight. I love you.”
“Let’s switch out.” He tapped on James’ forearm and James’ hold on him weakened and he sat back.
“Yeah. I need some time to myself.”
“Tony was hurt last year around Christmas.” Clint felt like he vaguely remembered Tony mentioning something about that but he couldn’t remember exactly what. “Now the two of you. I get the funny feeling it’s not going to be our favorite holiday.”
“Have you met them? I trust them in an emergency situation because I know they know their job but to boss each other around? Only Thor. Maximoff would just be annoying with that kind of power and Wilson—Wade, not my Sam—would probably
.” Tony smiled and Benni came rushing to hug him as carefully as he could.
“Most people call me Winter. You can also call me Winter.” Just because he was Steve’s fella didn’t mean James had to trust him. “He’s with Sarah.”
Welcome home, Tony. (And Benni too!)
“Alright,” Steve said simply. He wouldn’t press it but he would also still be careful. One day, when this was far behind them, he would stop holding back but for now he would not. “Last night
With his clothes on his arm Tony walked over to Steve and put his free hand on his shoulder to make him turn around. “I really
“Of course, love,” Steve said, looking down at Tony. “Can you eat a little bit for me though? Just a couple bites?” He kept his voice low enough that only Tony would hear it while Sarah talked to Clint and James.
James pulled back after a few seconds and smiled, exhaling steadily. He opened his eyes and looked up at Clint through long, dark lashes.
Before answering, James poked his head into the hallway and told one of his men to call Steve and let him know Tony was awake. Turning back to him, he said, “Your brother ran into one of Steve’s men. You’ve met Steve, I’m sure you can imagine the rest.”
“Oh, of course. Allow me to take you to her,” the man said, turning and making his way for the stairs. He led them down a hall and then upstairs to the next level where the jewelry was kept.
“If everything is as delicious as the soup earlier I’ll end up fat,” Tony chuckled lightly and Benni grinned at him. In only a few weeks Benni had already managed to gain weight and if that wasn’t a sight for sore eyes. His cheeks looked more pinchable than ever.
Clint had knocked out deeply. Maybe it was the thought that he could hopefully take Tony if he tried anything or maybe it was just the comfort of finally having someone else in there with him but he slept for the first time since they’d taken him.
“Who knows what you’re planning.” He gestured to Steve to cut the cake. “By the way, did you ever do anything with the deli?” He watched the cake and focused on plating everything nicely instead of looking at Steve. Just thinking about that building was difficult.
“You could’ve at least aimed your big head away from my lap.”
Steve didn’t do ‘less serious.’ His smile dropped a little, his eyes focused, and he said, his thumb and index finger holding Tony’s face securely. “I do. I do want to be your last. And I want you to be mine and if I could, I would’ve proposed and married you months ago. I’ll get you a ring, love. Even if we can’t be wed, just to see it there on your finger. To know what it means, even if only to us.” He kissed him, still holding his face. “Would you like that?”
A dark haired man was standing next to him and even though Tony didn’t know him he simply asked, “I’m not dead?” Why did his voice sound so rough? His throat felt drier than sand, swallowing seemed impossible.
“Hmm,” Steve said, his eyes still shut and a smile on his lips, his hand pulling Tony even closer. On beat, he took a step back and then pushed Tony out gently with the hand holding his hand, spinning him and then bringing him back in. He watched Tony as he spun out, his eyes on him, full of love and relaxed happiness. He felt drunk but he knew he wasn’t. Not on alcohol at least.
“Do I have rules, Callahan?”
“Well,” he said, happy for the eye contact he rarely got for so long, “it may be my house but
“Tony?” Benni asked, obviously fighting to stay awake. “I didn’t mean to make you sad. I’m sorry.”
“I’ve seen you look worse,” Steve said from behind Tony, leaning against the doorframe, his hands in his pockets and expression soft. “Shocking as it may seem. And I fell in love with you then. These injuries… they make me sick because of the thought of you in pain but you’re still my beautiful Tony. Nothing’s changing that.”
James chuckled and motioned for Clint to come over. He walked around the desk and plopped himself down in James’ lap gracelessly, his hands on James’ chest. James tilted his head back, gazing up at Clint lovingly. He ran his hands down Clint’s shoulders to his biceps and then the rest of the way along his arms until he could wrap his hands around Clint’s wrists.
“I know,
“What’s wrong with looking nice?” James asked, much too innocently. Clint eyed him in the mirror reflection and turned to face him.
Clint stuck his hand in a bowl of melted ice under the counter and flicked his fingers at Nat. She laughed, wiping away the droplets.
“I think that’s a great idea,” she finally said and James felt himself exhale in relief.
For the second time that night he thought back to half-naked Steve in his bed and Tony had to adjust himself on the couch, his blood going places. And if that happened already and he couldn’t keep his mind from going to those kind of things, how was he supposed to continue being friends with Steve? That thought scared him. At least it helped to clear his mind of those other thoughts.
and sure he could simply ignore them but today he didn’t even feel like doing that.
Natalia remarked, one eyebrow raised at James teasingly.
“Wanna talk about it?”
He turned to look at Tony in the darkness but all he could see was the vague silhouette of him. He exhaled shakily, trying to keep his voice low. The last thing he wanted was for the men to come in and hit him while he was already down.
Clint set his jaw and decidedly did not answer.
Steve couldn’t even find the will to say whole sentences, so happy, keeping his face pressed close to Tony’s he sighed again. He didn’t want to be greedy. This was already more than he should’ve gotten or taken and yet he wanted so much more. He wanted to hold him like he
And then something Tony didn’t expect happened. Benni tensed, went absolutely silent, didn’t even want to talk about Steve or Sarah. With tears in his eyes he said: “It’s time to go home now,” and Tony pulled him aside to talk to him.
“Right. How do ya know boilin’ water is hot?”
“It’s fine,” Steve said quickly before he made the dog move, “that’s not what I came back down for.”
Steve frowned. “I don’t agree but I’m not passing up the opportunity to use the knife.” He took it, admiring it only for a moment before he drove it into Bakuto’s thigh and the man screamed out in pain. “Who’s the weak one now?”
“And if you don’t eat them, I will,” Tony said and nodded. “Will you come watch me eat all your cookies?” He asked and tickled his brother until he was squirming and giggling.
“That’s what I keep telling myself too,” James said quietly and saw Steve’s frown deepen, a crease appearing between his eyebrows.
Clint was not a small man by any definition. He was tall, he was well-built, but right then in James’ arms, sniffling against his neck and clutching so desperately at his clothing as if needing something to anchor him into this moment and remind him that he was safe, Clint felt so small in James’ arms, so vulnerable and hurt.
“Sorry? For the mon
They’d been uncharacteristically quiet the whole drive back to the station after picking Steve up but as soon as the rig was parked and turnout gear was reset, they’d run inside and told all the gossip.
“Are you up?” Benni asked carefully, standing halfway behind the open door, his dark eyes big and sad.
“Anyway, back to your personal shangri-la,” he said, waving his fork. “So the scary one—”
Tony had to hold the phone away and bite back a sigh, taking a shaky breath. It took a moment before he got back and continued as usual. “Did you get your stitches looked at?” He asked and pulled a leg close to his chest.
Steve smiled and looked over at Tony. “Yeah, well, even if I hadn’t had that, Tony and his brother are the kind of people you fight to keep in your life. Even after just meeting ‘em once.” Steve put a hand on Tony’s shoulder and gave it a little squeeze, letting it drop again.
Tony leaned into Steve’s touch and shook his head. “I won’t leave you. I’m glad I could be there for you,” he answered honestly. “Though I should call
“For fuck’s sake,” he muttered, devastated. “Is there a—”
“Jesus,” Clint breathed, adjusting his trousers and shaking his head while James chuckled. “I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: you’re
“Yeah, Clint told me. If it wasn’t for his leg I’m sure he would have made James take him there immediately.” He shifted a little on top of Steve.
They sat down, Steve never leaving his side and making sure Tony knew that he was right there.
In different circumstances, it would have been the weirdest, definitely chaotic slumber party Brooklyn had ever seen.
“Morning!” his brother said happily, ever the morning person, and hugged Tony. The hug came so unexpectedly that Tony flinched and dropped the cup in his hand. It fell to the floor and broke into pieces.
That was how the days at the hospital went by. Sarah brought one meal a day, Steve stayed by Tony’s side and James by Clint’s as much as they could, and they slept, healed, and felt more like themselves. They both still had a long way to go but for now Tony could leave the hospital.
Steve huffed angrily, looking away. “Fine. What’s your plan?” James relaxed, standing to take a folder out of his desk drawer and hand it to Steve. “What’s this?”
“You okay, babe?” Bucky asked, reaching over to put a hand on Sam’s elbow.
“Grimm said it was something with an M. Something ‘and sons’ but he couldn’t remember. Altman didn’t see a name though he said it was gold lettering on the van,” she provided.
“Is there some water?” he mumbled and sat up, wincing when his ribs hurt. “Is Clint okay?”
He went back to exploring the room because he simply had to know more about Steve but was too afraid to actually ask him. A row of pictures were on the shelves. Sarah hadn’t changed a bit, the smile lines only adding to her beauty. He could see Steve grow up, his face changing a lot over the years. In one picture with who he assumed was Steve’s father, he saw a look on Steve’s face that he knew all too well. A look of hate, disgust but also sadness. He really did know what Tony had been going through. Then there were pictures of Steve with James over the years.
A warm glass of milk like James always made him after a nightmare sounded like heaven on earth right about now. Thankfully, he was getting much better at maneuvering the stairs without his crutches and without help and he quietly made it down them, limping into the kitchen.
He exhaled finally and said, “Anyway, let’s discuss the real matter.”
“He’s going to go nuts when you’re gone, though,” Natalia said, remembering the way Lucky would wake up and sit at the door waiting for Clint the first few days after he and Tony were taken. After those first days, he started searching the house and then would just sadly curl up anywhere with Clint’s smell until Benni was home and could distract him.
Despite the sad turn his own mind took, he tried to follow everything else Pepper was saying. Every now and then Sarah commented from the kitchen and asked her something. Maybe Sarah would have preferred a daughter-in-law to plan a wedding with, give her things of hers, and see Steve have a family. What if Pepper reminded her of that wish for her son?
He gestured for him and Steve to come over. Dmitri clicked on the loudspeaker function and the room filled with Bakuto’s unpleasant voice.
done it? Did Tony…?
Tony’s expression softened. “I won’t. I promise.”
Dmitri snapped his fingers excitedly as an idea came to him, all heads turning in his direction. “Your cars are dead giveaways. Just like Bakuto’s was,” he said and James made a circular motion with his hand, indicating that Dmitri should expand on his thought. “So we need something unremarkable.”
Clint swallowed, not sure what to say to that. Months in and he still hadn’t figured out how to quickly respond to the raw, open emotion James had a habit of showing him.
James was more calculated, more deliberate. Like with Loki. People don’t like to feel unsafe in their own homes in their own beds while they slept, so he made it so for Loki. He wasn’t sure what his angle was yet for this man but he knew it would be excruciating and slow.
“Cap!” Dugan said.
Clint became quiet again, thinking.
“Don’t be strangers,” Steve said, with just a hint of pleading in his tone.
“Well, then,” Steve said, standing and rolling up his shirt sleeves, “I suggest you save your breath for more important things.”
“It’s me,” he said, hanging his coat over a chair and turning on the lights. “I need to talk to you, Steve.”
“Yes, that,” Tony hummed. “Take your own advice.”
” Steve’s eyes slid to Tony though his head stayed where it was and he nodded subtly.
“Cap’s taken a real shine to you,” he said, looking at Tony in the mirror.
The two of them headed to the basement and Clint hobbled into the living room to find Tony, hitting the top of his crutch against the doorframe as a means of knocking.
Rhodey stood up, raising an eyebrow. He pointed to the oven but Tony didn’t even flinch. Rhodey sighed, closing the freezer and leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest. “He asked where he should take you for your next date, then I gave him the
wanted to say it. And then he decided he didn’t care. “I want you to be mine and only mine. Always, forever, whichever comes last.” His voice was laced with a possessiveness that he usually tried to tone down.
Sure, flying was about as neat as it got these days. He was fascinated by the physics of it all even if he would never admit that out loud to anyone but Clint but that didn’t mean he liked the reality of it.
In the hallway behind them, part of the ceiling came crashing down and a few seconds later, both of their radios broadcast the voice of Captain Rogers.
Winter raised an eyebrow. “We will see if
The silence after his hearing aid died brought with it new torments, things he had never really discussed with Tony. Memories of the war, of coming home.
“I know but I still want to make sure. It’s your house too, everyone should be comfortable in it.”
He sighed. “It’s Tony.” She was laughing again and it confused Steve. He tilted his head to the side, waiting, an unimpressed eyebrow raised. “Alright, what is it?”
“Mr Romanov is on his way,” Phil said and honestly, Clint felt the tightening in his chest loosen up a little.
“I think that’s all there is to see down here. Shall we have breakfast?”
Was he warm? It was December and so cold already and his Tony hated the cold.
He helped James help Clint out of bed, gave him the crutches, and walked in front of them on the way down. Once they were in the kitchen, Tony went straight over to pour them coffee and get started on eggs and bacon.
“Falsworth and Jones don’t know anything about this part of my life. Dugan does but let me ease him into the idea of you and me. You know we’re safe in the house and my office when we’re alone but anywhere outside? Never.” Steve wasn’t even planning on taking Tony with him on business outings, only family outings. “Anything else you
How he hated it that his words were the reason why Steve’s mood had changed from bad to worse.
“Honestly? James told me to ask you if I saw you and I didn’t even question it. What?” he asked when she gave him a look, her eyebrows raised and the corners of her lips pulled down in disbelief.
Tony blushed a deep red color on his cheeks, his ears burning. He couldn’t give Steve the pleasure of knowing what it did to him and just how much he missed him too. Feeling his hand on his bottom did nothing to help his situation.
Tony couldn’t stop thinking about the unexpected kindness directed towards him by the Irish. Howard continued to bad-mouth them, cussing about them and the Russians too but Tony didn’t bother listening anymore.
Steve started working on the sandwich, picking off small pieces and popping it into his mouth.
Kip - (English) a nap
Clint turned to Tony. “That makes no sense. I bought him that sweater. How can I be much cuter than me?” But Tony’s attention was on Steve who came over to press kisses to his own fella.
Steve laughed and then got to the end of Tony’s last statement and moaned against his neck, feeling those words all the way to his core. “Bloody hell, love,” he sighed, his hands roaming over Tony’s chest. He was losing himself in Tony again, getting drunk off of him and he needed to ask one more question before he was too far gone. “Are you sure you’re not too sore?”
Tony opened the window to let in some cool and fresh air, shivering at the temperature difference between outside and in his room but still enjoying being bundled up and breathing in the winter air. Was this what his life was going to be like now? No need to do anything? And then what?
he ordered a few of his men. “
He knew Steve couldn’t promise that. He knew what he was signing up for when they became official, but right now he just needed to hear the words, however arbitrary they were.
“Really? People want your crack-cocaine when my pure heroin is out there?” Madam Gao asked, a mocking note to her voice.
There was a collective groan and complaint of ‘Aw, Cap’ as they got up and prepared for their punishment.
“Will you help me with my homework before dinner?” Benni asked and tugged on Tony’s tie playfully.
“That was terrible and you should be ashamed.” Tony had to laugh about it, simply because it made it easier. He waved goodbye to everyone on their way out.
“And why didn’t you?”
Tony leaned into Steve’s big, warm hand and closed his eyes to enjoy it fully. “Hmmm, I see. You know… she could take Benni with her over summer break next year. We could go somewhere else.” He turned his head to kiss Steve’s palm. “I’ve only ever been to Italy once or maybe twice and I barely remember those trips. Other than that I’ve never left New York.”
“You’re handling this very well.”
like him. It was a tactic that could only really work for Natalia.
James laughed.
They looked over, obviously very weary and distressed, but still gave Sarah a smile.
“A very nice woman in my neighborhood was robbed at gunpoint. By two of your men. Three of mine saw but were not able to apprehend them.”
“Even sleeping?”
“You sure you don’t need anything?” Steve couldn’t help but think about how dismissive he had been of Clint this entire time, especially when Clint and James were nothing but sweet and considerate when it came to Tony.
When Steve’s fingers had pulled away from the keys, he stared at them blankly, feeling empty and helpless and then there were arms around him and he was so deep in his own mind he hadn’t heard anyone approach and he tensed, realizing he had nothing to defend himself with but also accepting that fact. And then he recognized the scent of the person holding him and he relaxed but only a little.
“Your
“Are these your books?” Tony asked, trying to distract himself from his fast beating heart. It was probably the result of whatever the hell Howard had done to him. “Have you read them all?” He continued and moved back to the bookshelves.
“Woodside is taken care of,” Steve said, coming back into the main office, James and Dugan following behind him. They had been in a different office using the other phone.
but rather
Clint was nursing a pretty painful black eye. In an attempt to keep his plans from seeming suspicious, he had been antagonizing the guards all day—yelling, banging on the door, asking for a pillow had all been on the to-do list so far and for whatever reason, they had only bothered to come in once and shut him up. Maybe they were as tired of being stuck in that building as Clint and Tony were.
She mouthed the words ‘everything okay?’ and then gestured in such a way as to ask if she should come in or go.
Dugan came and grabbed the supplies, carrying them for Tony who was obviously very injured. He opened the car door for him back on the street now and waited for Tony to carefully slide in before shutting it. He liked the kid: he was punctual, polite and quiet.
“Of course, I hate that thing and I don’t think it likes me either.” He took another sip, humming. “So,” he began, reaching for a cookie and munching happily, “how’s it going?”
“No, we were waiting on you two,” Clint said and James turned around, a piece of chicken almost to his lips.
Steve looked at him, leaned in and Tony froze. He could feel Steve’s breath on his face. He tilted his head, waiting for the kiss that never came. And why should it? It was a beautiful moment, yes. But Steve probably remembered who he was with and that person was certainly not who he wanted there and then. But oh that smile. So sincere. Was he apologizing?
find him. “Clint leave anything for you?”
“Well it wasn’t until you were already with him that I began to notice. The secret touches and looks, the blushes and just the way you were after being around him.” She smiled. “Doesn’t take much to realize something’s up.”
But with James it was different and Clint was about ninety-nine percent sure he knew why.
“You okay, sweetheart?” Clint asked him after a moment. James nodded against his hair. “We can just do this today if you want.” James nodded again, his arms tightening around Clint.
“So, this is us for the next five days,” Steve said, gesturing to the room. “I know it’s two beds but we could always squeeze into one.”
“Thanks for the heads up,” Tony said honestly and thought about it. He had seen Steve sad before and he would like to think that he was able to handle that. “I’ll handle it.” He was about to turn to Steve when he remembered a more important question. “Is it over?”
. “Natalia,” he said carefully, slowly. “Where is Clint?”
“That’s more than I could’ve hoped for. I’ll be quiet now before you change your mind.”
“You look tired,” he observed, worried about the damp strands of hair falling on Steve’s forehead even though Tony kept combing them back. “Eat a little, hm? I’m right here.” It wasn’t a lot he could offer but he knew that Steve, not unlike him, needed as much physical contact as he could get.
“Did he seem off to you?”
Before he could find some peace in sleep, Tony was forcefully woken by Howard’s yelling about how cold it was in their home, how the store was closed during opening hours and how there was no food. Tony knew Howard was hitting him, he knew it was supposed to hurt, he could hear his brother screaming, he knew he should be doing something but he didn’t know what.
Once on scene it became clear that the windows were easy to access via the fire escape and that this was likely a squatter cooking incident or just dumb teenagers playing around. Still they had to go in and check for anyone.
It was so quiet that it made his ears ring. No cars, no yelling, no loud machines. Just the sound of waves crashing in the distance and the wind blowing. It was peaceful but borderline eerie.
“Met him in February, he tried to stab me and I kissed him in June,” he said, casually as if everyone had their first kiss that way.
“Dammit,” Dugan complained, heading back out to deliver the bad news. He got in the car and sat there for a second before he said, “They’re gone.”
James rolled his eyes this time, pulling into his underground garage and making sure the door closed behind them before he got out. He helped Clint out and onto his crutches and they made their way inside, Lucky running towards Clint at high speed and nearly knocking him down if not for James catching and righting him.
Bucky didn’t respond at first. “I mean, he is good-looking. Rhodes says he’s a mechanic, really intelligent guy. Sarcastic, just up your—”
Steve leaned back against the wall with his coffee, observing. It had been years since he had made rounds with Dugan and Jones. His eyes roamed the shop, taking everything in. It was a cute little place although he remembered it a few years back when it seemed… brighter? More full of life. He wondered what had happened.
Tony took a moment to think about Howard’s words. “You would have never hurt Benni, would you?”
As for his own name… Tony wasn’t quite sure. That is, until he simply decided to do what his gut told him to. He wrote down the name he had gone by ever since his life had begun anew.
“Would… do you want them?” He held the chain with one hand and lifted the other to rest the two little pieces of metal in his palm. “They’re my dog tags.”
,” Sarah told him, holding out the bag. Steve motioned for Falsworth to leave and he did, closing the door. “Come sit and rest.” Steve thought to tell her that resting was the thing Tony was starting to hate by the look on his face but it would be a cold day in hell before he talked back to his mother.
“Alright. So are we alright?”
I don’t regret.” He didn’t. “I just keep thinking... none of this would have happened if I hadn’t been born. Maybe my mother would have lived a good life then, Nella wouldn’t have died, Benni could grow up with his parents? A lot of people would have been spared a great deal of sadness and hurt if I had never been born.”
So why did a second date feel like an abstract concept?
Benni was an easy topic for Tony. It was such a pleasure to talk about him.
“Uh, no, I don’t think so. You say that as if it’s a normal thing for people to climb fire escapes and commit B&E. I’m gonna need more or the next thing I do will be press charges.” He wouldn’t because he couldn’t be bothered with all the hassle but this guy didn’t know that.
“Oi, laddie. You okay?” Falsworth asked and Tony nodded.
Natalia looked at Maria who nodded.
home.”
, as if he’d been born to wear that suit. Sarah had even styled his hair. Steve had grown to love Tony’s usual looks, but now seeing him in that brown tweed three-piece with nicely accompanying dark blue tie and light blue shirt, Steve was very impressed.
A year ago Tony had been eating just as little as he was now but he had more blankets thanks to his late mother. The deli had given him something to do, whereas now all he could do was worry and overthink.
Tony thought. Not once had he allowed Howard to beat or so much as slap Benni and yet the boy had suffered.
Tony felt everything at once. The heat, the love, the lust, but also the sadness, the longing, and the hurt. All those things that he kept thinking about during the weeks spent apart from Steve. Things he never thought he’d get to feel or do again. And yet here they were.
Steve closed the door behind them and locked it for good measure, hanging his hat on the hook by the door and running his hands through his hair.
“What happened,
“It was Sam’s friend from the law firm. Matt Murdock.”
“Hi,” he said at the same time that James greeted her.
“Yes.” And then, “I told you I would drive myself. Didn’t need to ruin your Saturday on my behalf.”
Clint tried to hold back, tried to swallow down the sobs and pull it together but it only made them burst forth all the more violently. His fingers continued to grip James’ clothes tightly and he tried to bury his face even further against James’ neck.
“I mean… I don’t—but wait, what about Lucky?” Clint said, looking at James. Clint didn’t want to leave Lucky in that big huge home alone for most of the day. Lucky had just gotten Clint back. It was hard enough leaving him today.
“Aw,” Clint remarked, his eyes on Tony.
Carefully he stretched, trying not to wake James but what he didn’t know was that James hadn’t been able to sleep a single minute all night and now he was lying awake, his face away from Clint, just holding him and wishing he could go back in time.
Clint got to his feet after refusing help and Tony headed upstairs, Clint moving slowly behind him. They went to their separate rooms and Clint closed the door behind him before getting out of his house clothes, slipping on one of James’ pajama shirts, and crawling into bed. He picked up the book James had been reading and decided to start it until he felt sleepy, which he didn’t think would take all that long.
“What happened?” Sarah asked, frowning. She’d always waited for Steve to come out and tell her about himself and his relationship with James and when he never did, she didn’t want to intrude on him and his life by asking him about it. Now she could and she’d always wanted to know why they didn’t keep it up.
Steve smirked, sliding one leg off the couch and then cupping his hands securely under Tony’s bottom, squeezing his ass but not too hard in case it was still bruised. He hadn’t really seen Tony without his clothing in a while, he hadn’t felt comfortable.
James however was a tad more ostentatious. Large intricately crafted, dark wood cabinets lined the walls on either side, heavy, rolling dark grey curtains behind him creating the most dramatic backdrop she’d ever seen. The ceiling was high and the panelling around it and the floor very detailed in its design. It looked like the waves of a tempestuous sea all along the ground and clouds in the paneling up top.
The cottage itself was relatively large but still very quaint. It was made of large stones and had vines growing across the front with flowers blossoming on them. It was two stories and when they went inside, yes, it definitely needed airing.
“It’s 4am! I shouldn’t
“I’m sorry,” he said again but this time it was for more than that suggestion. It was for putting Tony in situations like this in the first place. For taking him from one stressful, life-threatening environment and bringing him into another. He hated himself for it sometimes.
He led him upstairs to a huge entrance way and then around the corner to more stairs up to a second story. The floors were lined with a deep blue carpet over a dark-wood floor. Steve stopped at a door and pushed it open, motioning for Tony to enter.
it’s different. Am I right? Tell me that, at least.” Steve nodded. “How so?”
Tony came not long after into Steve’s mouth and he didn’t waste a single bit of it, swallowing in earnest, unthinkingly slapping Tony’s thigh which only made Tony push into Steve’s mouth one more time.
Tony nodded, pressing his lips together. Two, maybe three days he would be safe. And then he would go back out there. A single tear rolled down Tony’s cheek without him really noticing it. “You promise you’ll come after… if we have to leave,” he said with his voice low.
Oh great, nothing good ever followed that word, Clint thought to himself.
James’ smile was equal parts sincere and unsettling. “My pleasure.”
“Didn’t you want to see the birds? They’re right in that building over there.” But Benni only shook his head. “
Was it enough for Steve? He wasn’t sure. Maybe there was more to why he was always putting himself between his men and danger. Why he went right back to work after being shot, throwing himself in the midst of everything. Why he got back up when he could’ve stayed down with Falsworth. Maybe he just never gave up, maybe he thought he deserved it. Maybe he danced a fine line between the two.
He glanced through the window in the doorway and out into the heart of the bar. It was quite full for a weekday evening, people gathered around booths and crowding the bar. At the end of the counter closest to the door sat Natalia in the place James normally occupied.
Steve tucked himself back into his underwear and went to his bathroom to get a damp towel. He cleaned himself first in the bathroom and then got another towel and took it out to clean the spent and panting Tony. He was still lying there breathing hard, fully naked, and if Steve wasn’t careful, he’d be hard again soon.
who belongs to me.”
Dmitri said, standing to gather his things, leaving James alone.
“You, babydoll.” Steve ground his teeth together, trying not to shoot him so soon.
“Ugh, god,
Tony couldn’t quite grasp why Steve was sorry and he was too exhausted to ask. He simply lifted a hand to rest on Steve’s head and gently combed through his sweaty hair as he was drifting off to sleep, feeling comfortable, warm and satisfied.
“It is,” Steve began, not sure where to carry the thought next. He was quiet for a few seconds, listening to Tony’s heartbeats. “You know I’ve never done that, right? Taken someone to use as leverage. I never have. Never would. You know that, right?”
“I’m fine, little one. Only a big brother is allowed to worry, don’t forget that, eh?” he said and ruffled Benni’s hair.
“Believe it or not, that doesn’t really bring me much comfort to think waking at four in the morning is more sleep than usual,” he said, his tone half-worried, half-teasing. He dragged a hand down his face and moved to sit on the side of Tony’s bed, done standing for now. “I’m okay. I’ll probably just shower, have a kip and head to the gym,” he told him, running a hand through his hair and messing it up. It was a habit he had when he was tired, to mess with his hair, but he didn’t want to sleep.
” he whispered, his voice breaking. “
and—”
“It’ll heal. It always did and always will,” he said and looked up. “What about you?”
“Known what?” He risked, perhaps she didn’t know what he thought she did.
, he thought bitterly. It took him an embarrassingly long time to get out of the room where James was standing. He wanted to thank him, again, but one look from James and he didn’t even say it.
“He’s his roommate,” Steve provided with an amused smile.
“Dinner’s not a surprise,” James assured him.
“James has theories as to who it could be. Some are more worrying than others. Right now, I honestly don’t know but the main thing is this: whoever it is, they went after Clint. James’ fella. Means there’s a good chance they’ll try the same thing with you and I’m not about to let that happen.” He paused. “For now, I want Jones and a few other men with you at all times. I’ll have Dugan with me. If anything happens though… I want you, Benni and ma to go away for a while.”
“Do you… do you have any idea what day or date it is? Even roughly?” Tony asked.
“Looks like you’ve made yourself right at home, love,” Steve noted, smiling down at him. “Shall I put away the groceries?”
“So I give him a break from his arsehole father,” he said, his accent always skewing more towards Irish the angrier he got. Dugan nodded, understanding. He’d grown up with Steve. He remembered Joseph Rogers. Steve sighed. “Anything I need’ta take care of, Dugan?”
Sarah had come over at that point and gently guided her son away from James and Natalia to talk to him quietly on the other side of the room as Natalia did the same with James.
“Not bothered, just thinking,” Tony said and watched the kids chase each other, laughing. It was still very cold but they seemed to enjoy it. Afterwards they planned to go to a diner to have hot cocoa and cake. Sarah had given Tony money and a kiss and told him to have fun.
“What’s there to be sure of? Two weeks with nothing to show for and now we get this perfect piece of information and we’re just going to sit back and wait for another goddamn miracle?”
“Here. A five and five ones instead of two fives. Looks like less. I won’t be taking this back again, you hear?” His look was intense and he was not bluffing.
“As long as it takes.”
“Not the right time.”
James got up and went over to the couch, sitting down beside Steve and putting a hand on his shoulder. Steve leaned into him, closing his eyes. James pressed a quick kiss to the side of Steve’s head, giving him a squeeze, and then letting go.
Steve went to Tony, sure the other situation was more than under control, and knelt beside him. He grabbed his wrist and felt a pulse. It was weak but there and he’d never been so relieved in his life. Maybe he was wrong twice over. He should have been there, he should have done
“Go,” James said, coming into the room. “He needs you. I’ve got him. Thank you.”
“Good. Now, I think the four of us should also call it a night,” James announced and Steve stood up straight, his back cracking with the movement. “Getting old, Rogers?”
?” She looked over at him, concerned but she nodded and he headed for the study, closing the doors behind him.
Steve gave him a brief tour of the second floor they were on. On the left side of the hallway were his and Benni’s rooms and their own bathrooms on either side. Across the hall was his mother’s room and bathroom plus another guest room. At the end of the hall was his room. They didn’t go into that one, he just pointed at the closed door.
“Haven’t in a long time,” Steve said, slightly distracted as he continued to watch the phone. “Not together at least. Ma goes back to Ireland a lot. Visits friends.” He turned to Tony, a soft smile on his face. “Why? You wanting to take a trip?” Steve lifted his hand to cradle Tony’s face with it, stroking his thumb gently across his cheekbone. “Any places in mind?”
Cap picked up the gun on his desk and the kid audibly gasped. He cleaned it off with a rag, checked to make sure it was loaded and then pointed it at him casually.
Clint nodded again, not having noticed James’ internal scolding of himself. James watched Clint’s face carefully, not believing that Clint had accepted he wasn’t at fault for his own abduction and torture. The last person in the world at fault was Clint. Or Tony.
As soon as he heard Benni's voice Tony was awake. Not that he had really slept. His eyes were closed and he dozed off every now and then but that didn’t count as proper sleep. Tony sat up and looked at Benni with a soft smile, leaning in to kiss his forehead.
“You don’t know that he’s in love with him.”
“What is it anyway?”
“Look at you. Out there going on a date, getting some. You’ve grown up so fast,” he teased.
All clean and warm in bed, it wasn’t long before they both drifted off. James was wrapped up in Clint’s arms, his back to Clint’s chest and he felt safe. He’d never been able to truly appreciate being in someone else’s arms until now. The level of security he felt was almost overwhelming but in the best way.
“Stomach. There was a lot of blood.” The man answered and led them towards an empty room. Two men Tony had never seen before were standing in front of the door and opened it for Sarah. “It’ll take some time before we get more information.”
When O’Shea finished explaining, Steve stared at him silently, and then looked up at Jones and nodded. Jones grabbed him and yanked him out of the chair and towards the door. O’Shea was begging Jones in Gaelic to be understanding. He had family back in Ireland who needed that money but if that were truly the case, he would’ve just asked Steve. Everyone knew for family matters, it was not unlike Steve to give out a little extra to help. This was not a family matter—O’Shea was just greedy and devious.
Steve stayed silent but he nodded, keeping his eyes fixed on Tony’s, his own heart racing.
Steve nodded and added another, following the same procedure of asking Tony after each finger and Tony would look a little surprised but confirm he was good to go. Steve stopped at three and gradually things got a little easier and Tony looked a lot more comfortable.
“You’re welcome,” he whispered softly. “Would it bother you if I stayed the night? Just staying here with you.”
Steve watched him a moment, wondering what was going on in that beautiful head of his. Steve had an idea of what it might be but it was far-fetched and a dream at most. Still tonight, he decided to give himself a little hope, a little ‘maybe’.
Steve nodded slowly. “Thank you, Dugan—Timothy—for everything. I apologize for doubting you.”
“I can,” he said, puffing up his chest confidently. “I’ll look after her. I promise.”
“I think that’s what they have each other for, like us,” Clint added, looking over at Tony. “We will be. It’ll just take time. So, what’s next for me, chef?”
, he hoped he hadn’t felt obligated to do that. Like he was so indebted to Steve—which he wasn’t even a little bit—that he would have to do something he probably found disgusting just to keep him happy.
“Cap?” Tony asked.
He bent, spitting in the sink and then cupping his hand to wash the paste off his face.
“Of course.”
“It’s weird to think that. I like him too though, he’s reliable.” He opened his eyes again so he wouldn’t fall asleep by accident. “Sarah and my brother did. She’s teaching him to cook and bake. It gives him confidence when he makes something. He has a thousand stories about Natalia now too, by the way.”
“Do you? Alright then, come on. Tell me my mind, lad.” Her hand had moved from his face to rest on his shoulder and her expression was a little frustrated now, just a little though.
So it came as a surprise to learn that the one thing he did well and truly hated about being in a relationship with Clint were the days like these. He didn’t hate comforting him, he didn’t hate reassuring him or showering him in love, he just
“You do?” Benni nodded vigorously. “That’s a good lad.” Steve ruffled his hair and then pulled him close to press a kiss to his head. “Proud’a ya.”
it takes to keep him safe.”
He and Dmitri did not often eat out and when they did, it was in restaurants where James’ business was welcomed either because of his deep pockets or the business James brought with him, like Delmonico’s. But this time they had chosen the place based on the fact that Sam was a friend and, of course, his food was good. Better than good. In fact, James couldn’t even remember the last time he had had a burger and fries and it was his first time having a milkshake.
James checked his pocket watch and then the papers on his desk again. The phone on the table rang and he answered, hanging up seconds later. He cracked his neck, twirling his knife between his fingers. “My ability to be in the same room as him won’t matter when I slit their throats,” James said casually, glancing up at her again, his eyes cold as ice. “No one messes with Steve.”
“Rhodey.”
“How long?” Steve knew the why. He’d gone to Germany to get away from James. James went to Russia to get away from him.
Steve dropped his head, looking away from James, taking a long drink. Why did he care so much? Just because he knew what it was like to be on the other side of a belt? Because Tony seemed like a good kid? Because he couldn’t get him out of his head?
“I didn’t, no. Natalia did.”
Still holding his brother close he looked over at Steve. Was he the reason why he ended up in bed? There was no way Sarah could have carried him, right? Thinking about it made his heart beat fast
They pulled away from each other and Tony felt as if he was floating. “Thank you,” he said sincerely. “You… are amazing.” He smiled just before the clock made them realize what time it was. “I’ll see you later.”
Conversation went on beside him and the next thing he really knew and was able to process was that he was back in his office, sitting on the couch in there. Phil was beside him, a hand on his knee.
Sarah and Benni served the food and soon everyone was eating peacefully. James and Dmitri each perched on an arm of the couch that Benni and Sarah shared. Dugan and Jones shared their own and for a while, it felt like a nice family meal. Unorthodox circumstances, but nice nonetheless.
Tony sat up as much as he could to look at the dark-haired man.
“Not gonna lie, James scares me.” He smiled weakly, breathing slowly and finding comfort in the familiar presence. “Does your leg hurt a lot? The darkness is difficult for me too. It helps to have Steve next to me but I can’t just lie around in the dark, even with him there.”
“Maybe you’re just lying for lying’s sake.”
“Thank you,” he said sincerely and held himself up for another second before dropping back onto the bed. He knew why he took a beating. How could he forget? “Where... where is Howard now? Does he know where I am?”
“I have no problem with you chaining me to this bed,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. He tried to sit up and winced. “Okay, that hurt.”
Steve was looking over the files Tony had gone through. The three rejections, two approvals and the one he would ‘want to talk to.’ He was intrigued because he agreed with all of the rejections. The ‘want to talk to’ Steve had dismissed entirely, but for reasons that it was understandable why Tony would keep him. Steve knew the family, knew there was a bitterness there since one of their other boys died working for him and Steve didn’t expect Tony to know that. He passed that file onto the rejection pile and looked at the remaining ones.
“How much did you have to drink?” he asked plainly. “If I have to deliver the food, you’ll need to look after Benni.” Howard shoved Tony against the wall, making sure that his head hit it forcefully enough to hurt.
. For now I just want to make you feel good and don’t worry, I enjoy it very much.”
“I’m a mechanic. I own the shop over on Bedford.
“Um, hello to you too. Would you like to speak to—”
“Told you I’m not used to this much sleep,” he said with a small smile. “And Benni and I finished another book last night. I didn’t expect the ending. Guess I couldn’t handle it after all.” It was the best he could come up with at this time of night. It was surely better than silence or forcing him to say what was going on with him.
“Alright,” he said, crossing it out. “James, Dugan, and Rogers are working on the numbers in Woodside.”
He had had his fair share of nightmares from the war and he knew, with a lot of convincing from James, that he wasn’t weak, he was suffering; suffering from battle fatigue, as they called it, but this was a whole new ball game. And what was worse were the times when he woke up completely disoriented, looked around for Tony only to not find him and immediately lapse into an unshakeable panic until James could calm him and remind him that he was safe, they were both safe, and Tony was at home.
She leaned down and gently gave him a hug, pressing a kiss to his cheek. “I’m so glad you’re alright,” she said softly, pulling away after a moment to brush his hair back and Clint nearly fell into her lap at the motherly touch. It had been
When James looked at Steve, so did Tony. There was more to it. “Yes.” Tony nodded.
If you were as scrawny as me that would be a whole different story.” He grinned and made his way across the room to the small round window.
He could only imagine what Tony thought of him and he waited for the younger man to move away in disgust, in horror, in fear, as Steve nodded and said, “And James.”
“Benni?” Tony asked to get his brother’s attention. “Steve and
“Do you think he’s alright?”
“Family or—” Steve nodded. “Ah, well, no. My parents both passed a couple years ago. My extended family have never been close, so Rhodey adopted me,” he said, a smile on his face despite the topic because Rhodey was always a positive subject. “We met in high school. He saved me from so many swirlies it’s not even funny.”
Steve nodded along, not talking much though Steve rarely did so this wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. When he had finished as much food as he could manage in his churning, anxious stomach, he pushed it away and turned his full attention on Tony.
James was planning to take Clint to France, to the house he had told him about in the small village where people only knew him as the kind Russian man. He wanted Clint to rediscover the beauty and tranquility in a place where he had once seen only death and violence. He wanted to show him just a sneak peak of the many ways in which James wanted to spoil him rotten.
Tony watched their interaction, grateful but also amazed that both of them were letting him in on this moment. He wanted to let them know that he could give them privacy but at the same time he could feel Clint’s hand still holding his, which was the only reason why he didn’t ask if he should go.
“It has to be something for me to have on my wedding day, silly. Something small.”
James shook his head. “I know a place. Good drinks, decent amount of privacy. We can come in through the back.”
“My Steve,” he whispered softly and pressed a kiss on the back of his hand.
Maria and Natalia exchanged a look. Natalia raised her eyebrows and Maria shrugged one shoulder. Apparently, they were having a conversation. After a few more facial movements and subtle shrugs and head tilts, Natalia spoke.
“You’re welcome.”
“Beniamino Peter, but I only ever call him Benni. He’s so sweet and loving.”
“Thanks.” He smiled and kissed Steve’s hand. It was probably very late but he didn’t feel sleepy. And now he had a lot to think about too.
“Fucking bastard!” Howard scoffed and kicked Tony in his stomach.
he said with a smile, looking down at the information Clint had given him earlier when he’d called,
Steve shrugged. “Dunno. Don’t really have any.”
“Come on. It’s not too hard. I promise.”
Dugan, carrying his sandwich in his hand and eating it, brought Tony in.
,” Sarah teased James, “so I don’t think you have to worry about being too loud for Tony. Plus, Clint seems to be in better spirits as well with Tony there.”
There was something about Steve’s voice when he was so focused on him and his body that never failed to make a shudder run through Tony. He tilted his head to the side while working on the buttons of his shirt, quietly cussing. He considered just ripping it open but if someone was to do that, it needed to be Steve.
Meanwhile he thought back to earlier. Did he cost the other accountant his life? Though it was hardly his fault. No one had forced him to steal the money, to lie, to do any of it. And whatever had happened to him was the consequence of what he had done. Why wasn’t Tony bothered by what had happened in front of him? Clearly the others were angry. But it wasn’t directed at him. He was just a bystander. And it was Steve. He knew he could trust him. He looked at the empty chair where Steve had been sitting, moved to run his hand over the leather. This was where he spent a lot of his time. This was what he saw most of the time and now it would be what Tony would see too. And a whole lot more of Steve with that.
Clint reached up and pulled James down so they were chest to chest, wincing when his ribs protested a bit but ignoring it so he could wrap his arms around him tightly.
“Stay the night. Please? It would be nice to have the company. And that way I can better acquaint you with the house and it’s features in the morning,” James said.
“What is your take on all this then?” Sarah asked as if she could read Tony’s mind.
“Then what is it?”
“I can and I can’t,” he said honestly, putting the folders down. “You should know I would never turn on you. And as for this,” he said, gesturing to Tony, “it’s not really shocking. You have a soft spot for brunettes and an ever softer one for him.” Steve didn’t smile, didn’t laugh, just waited. “Cap,
Clint and Steve finally have a chat, New York’s oddest slumber party comes to an end, and Sarah has another great idea. Plus, Pepper’s getting married!
Steve nodded, agreeing. “Tony’s not going to trust anyone in that environment with him, no matter who they claim to be.”
There was a knock at the door and Steve looked up to see his mother bringing him a bag of food. She shook it eagerly and he grinned.
He took another deep breath, still not liking the whole idea of going through all that fear again. “Thanksgiving sounds good. I haven’t had that in years.” Not since his sister died. There was nothing left to be grateful for after that. Even less so after his mother died too. “I’ll help her. It’s still a few weeks away.”
Steve’s damage was extensive. He would be looking at a couple weeks in the hospital this time, no exceptions. He had the three stab wounds, the damage done to his gun shot wound, and a few others cuts, scrapes and bruises. He was suffering from a nasty concussion and he had more stitches on his eyebrow from where he’d fallen in the car and cut it open.
James held up the folder Dmitri had given him, shaking it lightly. “Anything in here worth reading?” Loki nodded. “And do you know anywhere Bakuto does business?” It wasn’t like he ever invited Steve or James for coffee.
James nodded and closed his eyes again, leaning back as Clint continued to massage his shoulders and neck.
, not hers.
“Sure,” Steve said, his arm curling around Tony to keep him close. He stared up at the ceiling, his fingers drawing shapes and patterns on Tony’s back as he thought about what he could tell him. What did Tony not know that was worth knowing? “I know you know I draw but I’ve been doing it since I was a kid. I wanted to go to art school but my father... discouraged it and not long after I started getting into this.” He gestured around himself to signify ‘mob business.’ “In fact, some of the paintings in the living room are mine. Haven’t had the time for anything that complex lately.”
“I don’t plan on telling him anything so long as you don’t tell James anything,” Clint said, his thumb moving back and forth across the back of Tony’s hand. “I’ve tried that but I’m a little limited.” He gestured to his leg. “Now I just lie awake. But I do have to keep the blinds open. The total darkness is… awful.”
It made Tony nervous.
She came into the office where James stood at the window looking out over the city.
“Yeah,” Clint admitted quietly. James stood to go to the kitchen but Clint grabbed his wrist and pulled him back. James looked down at him, raising his eyebrows expectantly. “Thank you.”
, made by an old friend of my mother’s. It’s sort of an aperitif, though some drink it as digestive. Others use it for medicinal purposes,” Tony answered and watched them open a bottle of each and try some of it. They seemed to like it and asked Tony if they could take the bottles with them. Tony didn’t mind and packed the rest of the cheese in clean cloths that were there to transport it. There was more down there than he remembered. Not that he tried to remember.
As per usual, James instructed them to start the meeting and Wesley, Wilson’s second-in-command, took down the minutes as he always did. The one other change to the usual way the meeting was conducted was how much more responsibility James gave Dmitri. No one needed to know why and no one asked why, nor did they pry when Dugan also spoke directly to them. They understood it was better for their health to simply except this shift in dynamic rather than question it.
“So you’re going to give us the key to your Brooklyn mansion to house sit while you’re away and the only downside is sharing it with Dmitri which isn’t even a downside,” Natalia summarized.
“Clint, I love this place. And you are one of my dearest friends. Of course I’ll look after it.” Phil told him, resting a hand on his shoulder. “You deserve a nice break.”
Steve brought over the wine and the main meal, ladling out Tony’s portion and Tony leaned forward and closed his eyes as he inhaled deeply, his stomach growling.
Steve helped him to the stairs and they slowly made their way up in a comfortable silence until Steve chuckled softly and said, “They
so food? Dinner?
“They’re here,” Steve said, getting up so he could go help with their things, offering his hand to Tony.
“This is nothing of your doing,
want me to have.”
Tony kept his hand on Steve’s back while he stared into the dark liquid. “
As he came out, Tony was stood there, loyal as ever, waiting on him and he wrapped his arms around him and helped him back to bed. He thanked him and apologized and Tony said it was no big deal like he always did and that only made Steve feel worse being for an asshole, so he got in bed and started reading again. Or rather, staring at the same page and pretending to flip for two hours, deep in his head thinking about other things.
“When you just said that I’m turning nineteen...” Tony looked somewhere in the hallway. “It doesn’t feel right.” So much had happened in his life. He was tired of everything, sometimes even tired of life. Though that had changed in the past couple of months. Still, he felt much older than nineteen.
Sarah chuckled. “As if only babies get cookies. I gave Steve a cookie this morning after you’d all left,” she said, and it was true. She’d just baked oatmeal raisin and she’d brought Steve some when they were done, shooing him out of the kitchen because he kept eating the raw dough. “So if you want cookies, big boys eat them as well.”
He washed his face again and pushed those thoughts down. As far down and away as he could. Maybe once he was healed he could start working out too and work on his own body. Then he’d feel better about himself too.
It took Tony much longer than usual to process what was being said to him and even longer to say something useful. “I… don’t know. Benni… he needs breakfast,” he mumbled, his lips barely moving as he felt his body going numb. Sarah sat down next to him, an arm around his shoulders, simply holding him.
Steve chuckled as Rhodey continued to tear Tony a new one on the other end of the line. That was the Rhodey he knew.
“James,” Steve said, his voice low and dangerous. “How many fingers does a man need to live?”
When Tony sat, she moved closer to him when he left space between them and she wrapped her arms around him, pulling him over until he was almost in her lap like a small child. She rested her head on top of his and made a happy sound.
“Understood.”
The cold hurt him all around, which was terrible but made it a little easier to get used to it as he pressed against the wall of the building and peeked around the corner to see if there were guards there. He couldn’t hear anything but the wind. It was eerie silent here, which he wasn’t used to.
“Slow and painful it is,” James said cheerfully, unsheathing his knife and walking towards Bakuto before he stopped and turned to Steve who had only rolled up his sleeves, ready to hit. “Here.” James extended the hand with the knife towards Steve and Steve stared at it incredulously.
“Steve’s bed is so warm and soft, add him to the mix with his muscles and him sleeping without a shirt and you got yourself the best thing ever. He’s so tall and strong. If he wanted he could just hide me away from everything and everyone and I love that.” He blushed again and this time he could feel how warm his cheeks were.
Thirty steps later Tony crouched down once again. He felt like he wasn’t getting enough air, which was ridiculous because there was no reason why he wouldn’t be. He thought back to how his mother would always calm him down when he cried or was scared. It helped and for now it was enough for him to go on.
Tony took the phone and spoke to Sarah for a minute, hearing her relief made him feel better too.
“Just thought you should know, Cap,” Dugan said.
Clint nodded. “Good, then on that note, the rest of our lives is a long time and you’re going to have to tell me what’s bothering you at some point. I’m glad you have Steve and I’m happy I have Tony but first and foremost we have each other.”
Tony waited for another punch that never came. Instead, he was yanked up and pushed back down to sit up on the cot. There was a flash and then the two men spoke in a foreign language with each other. They sounded angry. If only Tony knew what was going on!
“Who the feck is she?” Dugan asked, turning around to see the girl when he caught sight of the flicker of anger in Steve’s eyes. But he had misread the reason for the anger.
Steve was still grinning, somewhat proud of having made himself understood. He just hoped he wasn’t butchering the accent too much.
“Aye, aye, Captain,” Tony said before realizing it but he committed, saluting him, and Steve gave him an amused smile before walking back to the communal space. “Did I really just say ‘aye aye captain’? What is wrong with me?”
“Alright,
“It’s nothing big but while we are away, I would be grateful if the two of you could occasionally stop by the house. Just to open windows, check on Lucky, you know.” He made a vague gesture with his hands.
Even so, what Steve wouldn’t give right now to just be able to hear Tony’s voice. Hear him tell Steve some corny joke that by all means should not be funny or even worth the time it takes to say it but that always made Steve grin. He would give anything to be able to hear Tony confidently use an expression that was definitely not English and then watch the way his nose scrunched in frustration when Steve pointed that out.
She nodded. She didn’t want him to feel interrogated but that was exactly what she was doing. She had grown to love Tony and Benni but first and foremost as always, she protected her Steve. “And how do you feel about what you saw, laddie?” Still a soft voice, as if she was simply curious.
Tony asked in Italian.
They finished packing around noon, Dmitri helping them to load the suitcases into the car when he came to update James on some matters of which he had been taking care. He left again not long after, needing to tend to some situation at one of the businesses James owned that he assured James wasn’t anything to worry about.
will have some for you. Even before dinner,” he tried with a small smile.
“We also do engraving,” she said as he took the ring back into his own hand. “Although it will take another two hours.”
Steve and James locked gazes for a long moment, silently deciding what to do next.
From that simple statement Tony had more questions than answers. None that he would ask now but things he would like to know, if Steve wanted to share the information with him. “I don’t understand,” Tony said. He didn’t understand why any of this happened. Why Steve knew what was going on. Why a hug made him cry. Why Sarah was so relaxed about it all. Men didn’t cry. Especially not Stark men. Though… Tony wasn’t a real Stark, was he?
Before anyone could answer, Steve pulled his hand from Tony’s so he could hold his face, kissing him just as eagerly and then pulling back. “Only reason is ‘cause I thought ya didn’t like public displays of affection,” he whispered back and then said, louder, “It went.”
Please be lenient with us, we’ve never used guns and google can only teach us so much.
“Agreed.”
Files Dmitri had compiled and photographs he and his men had taken of one man and those who worked for him were spread out on the table in the middle of them all. Benni was upstairs in the room he had stayed in before at James’, which was filled with books and toys. Sarah would check on him once the food was done.
“Got a sweet tooth?”
“Thank fuck,” Tony said, standing on shaky legs and Sam stood with him. Carol came to join them. “Can we see Rhodes?”
Steve watched Tony looking out the window curiously, Steve’s smile widening when Tony turned back to face him.
“I know but we’re safe here, right? There’s nothing that will happen to us anymore.”
Clint. That meant nothing to Tony. He had never seen him before.
“Changed your mind?”
Tony woke to the sound of someone putting a heavy bag down.
“What’s it to you? What makes you think I-I’d be with a man?” he asked, trying to press more into the wall, to disappear from the danger right in front of him.
“Only the best money can buy,” James teased, pulling Clint back against his chest.
?” he almost yelled at the stranger and then looked to Mr Rogers.
Before Clint could say anything, the guards brought them their daily ration of food. It didn’t escape Tony’s attention that they came in with two additional guards who both carried guns. It was probably to intimidate Tony and Clint and make them think twice about trying anything again.
Upstairs, James and Steve had dropped the luggage in the room and were sitting on the bed beside one another in silence as they had been for the last ten minutes. It was a tacit agreement between them both, they just needed a minute together. Steve was hurting, James was hurting, and like with the two downstairs, only each other understood the pain, the reasoning, the
“I’m starting to remember why we spread these dinners out,” he said, handing James his plate and taking his seat again. He looked over at Tony and let him know how delicious the meal was.
Clint nodded. “And Tony? Please tell me he’s alright.”
“Just a little but not if you need me. Or even just want me,” James told him, serious. He wouldn’t be moving a single muscle if Clint decided he would rather have James at his side today. Screw work, Clint was his priority.
“I get it. It’s a connection you still have to your family.”
“Let me find out if there’s somethin’ that’ll interest you,” he said and before Tony could tell him to finish breakfast first, Steve was gone.
Phil turned his palm over, looking at the money. There was
“Ah, and what is there to clear?” she asked gently, sitting down next to him.
Steve was sitting in front of the cookies and Sarah smacked his hand as he reached for another one. She knew this would be one way she could get her son to sit down and fill his stomach.
Of course Steve noticed immediately. It was unnerving but also comforting in a sense. However, he had no intention of ruining their comfortable evening with friends just because his mind was working too fast. He nodded to Steve but pressed more against him. Everything would be fine and he knew that. For now his appetite was gone but he forced himself to eat as much as he could stomach.
the young man said. James clenched his fist, his knuckles cracking with the effort. He wasn’t a fan of being cut off and even less so of being told no. He closed his eyes and inhaled, exhaling slowly.
“A Ford falcon,” Steve said with a knowing grin. “Maybe you could pimp it out. Give us a sunroof or a jacuzzi.”
Steve thought with a smile, reaching into his suit pocket where he kept his own snack. He pulled out a tiny packet of Whoppers Malted Milk Balls and handed four of them to Benni. “You get extra today because math is pretty hard.”
James took a sip of his drink and looked at Steve. “The short version, Steve is my best friend. I care about him, he cares about you, so by default I now do too.” It was also a partial lie but James wasn’t sure how much he should tell Tony. He looked at Steve who nodded after a moment. “Long version?”
“Because I’d prefer you weren’t cold,” James answered simply. “And,” he added, nudging Clint’s cast with his foot, “ideally I’d prefer you without this.”
Steve cleared his throat, hands on his hips now.
Tony tucked Benni in, read a chapter in their newest book, and kissed him goodnight.
She waited a moment in the foyer, knowing the way but just in case there was business going on that she should remain oblivious to, she decided against showing herself to the office.
“Let’s make it small. Dmitri, take Dugan and bring down the maps from the storeroom as well as a phone book. We have a lot of calls to make.”
Clint watched him work. He watched the way the muscles in his back moved when he chopped things or reached into the cabinets and he felt a tiny sting of irritation that he couldn’t just get up and grab James from behind, bury his face in his hair and stay there while he cooked. Now moving even a few feet was an entire process and not an easy one.
Tony hesitated and swallowed dryly. Why would he ask that? He had to clear his throat slightly and answered just as quietly, “This morning when he saw my brother sharing the bed with me.”
Tony recognized a pained look when he saw one and that right there in Clint’s eyes was definitely pain. “Clumsiness. Benni surprised me, I dropped a cup. It’s nothing bad but Steve always needs to be extra sure.” He waved his hands dismissively, slowly coming closer. “What about you? Do you need pain meds or something?”
“If you’re sure,
“He has a house there. Well,
On the cot there wasn’t a pillow or a blanket, the floors were tiled and so were the walls and it was cold in the room too. The only thing that seemed to belong was the toilet and the small sink next to it.
“Alright, true.”
Maintaining a certain image through their deli Tony managed to keep everything going, despite how little sleep he got or how cold their apartment was in order to keep the heating costs at bare minimum. Pepper came to help him, even though he couldn’t always pay her on time. He made sure to have enough money for the Irish when they came to collect every two weeks. When and where Howard managed to spend all their money he wondered but he couldn’t find an answer.
James’ expression towards Dmitri softened and he turned to Steve as he said, “We talk to Loki. I think he knows more than he let on that day.”
—not going anywhere.” He needed Tony to understand that there was no expiration date on what had happened. Tony wasn’t expected to live with them until he could get back on his own two feet but rather: “This is your home for as long as you want it.”
Tony checked his wrist for the time and then his other wrist which had no watch and then tapped his chin in mock-serious thought. He made a face as if to say ‘I’ve figured it out’ and then pointed to the calligraphy on the back wall that read ‘Stark’s’ in bright red and gold lettering.
I don’t limit myself to a type.”
Instead there was Steve’s voice in his head telling him he loved Tony, how much he missed him and how he would hold Tony in his arms again as soon as he could.
“Agreed,” Natalia said.
“You know I can’t tell happiness from misery on Winter’s face,” Dugan told him, pulling out onto the street.
“True, true,” Tony agreed, cheering when he found a bag of chips hidden at the back of the pantry. He plucked them out and opened them, holding them out to Steve who took one. “You think they’ll want a place of their own once they’ve tied the knot?”
Steve shuddered, breathing out shakily. He moved up and turned Tony’s head towards him, kissing him deeply, his eyes shut. He pulled away and kissed the tip of his nose and his lips again. “You catch on fast,” he said, kissing him again, his tongue moving along Tony’s bottom lip.
“He will but with me gone, he’ll be taking on a lot more responsibility. He might not have as much time and I don’t want Lucky to feel lonely or be neglected and decide to chew my shoes.”
“That’s true,” he agreed.
“The Secret Garden,” he told him. “It was on my bookshelf.” He held the book in his hand and studied it intently. All day he had wanted to talk to Steve. Now he got the chance and he didn’t know what to say.
“I should really shower. I’m going to soil your clothes, love.”
Steve’s point of view and intentions were clear to him but James had no reason whatsoever to care about Tony. Or Howard. Or any of this.
They brushed their teeth and bathed, James helping Clint, washing his hair, and Clint still remembered the first time James had done that.
“I’m glad you like it. This is actually my first time here,” Tony confessed with a shy smile that did weird things to Steve’s stomach.
“So nobody? Nobody wants to explain?” Fury asked, looking around.
Maria had pulled together a group of her most trusted fellow operators—the Carter women, Angie Martinelli, and Melinda May-Coulson—and, with permission from her boss Nick, who said “I don’t care as long as calls are being made,” they were able to take a chunk of the numbers Natalia and the others needed to go through and cut out the middleman—themselves—getting connected much faster.
“Just call him, Steve.”
It was so bright. Too bright to handle after weeks in dim light and darkness. He covered his eyes and recognized the smell of alcohol and disinfectant, which was so very different from the stuffy, airless room he had been locked in with Clint.
Tony held Steve's hands in his tightly. Seeing Steve so heartbroken hurt more than he could have ever said and it made his eyes fill with tears too. “Here’s what's going to happen. You’ll deal with this with the help of those you trust and who are still loyal to you. It’ll be difficult. But in a few weeks we’ll be back at home and every night we’ll be spending our evenings together. Because you promised and you always keep your promises. You hear me?”
“How about an ambulance?” Dmitri said, a smug grin pulling at the corners of his lips.
Clint snorted, feeling a little better just hearing her voice. She’d been busy lately and Clint had been wallowing in self-pity and sadness so he too had been busy and they hadn’t been able to spend much time together. It was one of the few things about his new life that he actually hated: the long periods of time spent without Natalia.
Clint looked over at Benni and Lucky. The boy had his arms around him, his chin buried in Lucky’s soft fur, and Lucky looked very at ease in his embrace, his tail wagging across the floor.
“Yes. France.”
“Well, I thought we might want to go on a double date,” James said casually, opening the front wardrobe to take out Clint’s coat and hold it up for him. Clint came over and slid into it, just as confused as everyone else.
“He's at your house, searching it for traps. Since Falsworth knows the way in, thought it a good idea.”
Tony saw how different James looked when he was focused on Clint versus the times when he would smile politely but seem almost bored. Even though he had never been scared of Steve, Tony knew that Steve too looked cold and distant when he was working. Rationally it made sense but actually seeing James so soft and loving was something else entirely.
Steve followed Tony’s gaze to the dishes. “If you want, we can do those first.”
Steve shook his head. “No, you don’t owe me for saving your life. It was war. I did what anyone ought to have. Here,” he said, reaching into his jacket and pulling out a twenty pound note, “for your troubles.”
“Assuming they weren’t trying to draw attention from the police,” James said, taking the red marker from Steve and plotting points on the map branching out from the warehouse in Hunters Point, “and were obeying the speed limit, an hour and a half would get them somewhere around here…” He trailed off, plotting more points and connecting them all with a circle.
“I didn’t mean to sound ungrateful. I like what I’m doing. It’s fun and it makes your life easier too because you know you can trust me. You know that, right?” He watched him refill his glass. Why and how that made Steve look even more attractive he again couldn’t say. Ever since he realized his own feelings Tony couldn't think about anything else. With Steve this close it was even more difficult.
“And if I decline?” He asked, taking Dugan’s gun and Jones’ too. He cocked them both and planted them in his trouser pockets and then removed his hat, tossing it out the door. Four shots hit it and it was torn to pieces. At least he knew from which direction the shots were coming, he could find a blind spot.
“Sorry,” he said and got up. “Just lost in thought.” He could see that it didn’t convince her but he didn’t know what else to say. Instead he helped her clear the table and then left the house with Benni who was heading to school with two of his new friends he had made. Once they were gone Tony headed back inside and went to the office to get started with his day. Working with numbers kept him from thinking too much about other things and he liked that quite a bit.
Steve climbed back into the truck and shut the door, sticking his arm out and slapping the side of it twice to signal for Natasha to drive.
“I, uh… well, first off, I’m not as interesting as you might think,” he admitted, trying to prepare himself for the worst. He rubbed a hand across the back of his neck, feeling how hot the skin was there and hoping the blush wouldn’t spread to his face like it always did.
.” The words came out in Italian, so used to saying that in his mother tongue that it took a moment to realize he was actually talking to Steve. “Sorry. I don‘t know,” he repeated in English, smiling and shaking his head in embarrassment.
He gave Tony a soft smile. “In about a month. I’ve just got a few things to go over with Dugan now that he’s back from his honeymoon and I’d like it to warm up there a wee bit more but then we’re off.” The last thing he wanted was for Tony to arrive somewhere that should be peaceful and beautiful and only notice the cold. Ireland would never have New York summers—thank god—but at least twenty degrees Celsius would be nice.
“No,” Clint said, the blush back again and this time a little pinker.
was the issue, Clint might just go with it and he still wouldn’t know if he’d actually gotten to the heart of the matter.
James didn’t have much to do and honestly Dmitri could have taken care of it all seeing as he was beside James for each and every decision and had a fairly decent understanding of how James’ mind worked, but James didn’t mind a distraction. Having work to do and plans to figure out took his mind off just how little he could do for Clint.
Once everything was cleaned up, Steve scooped Tony up and carried him to the library after saying goodbye to Clint and James.
Tony closed his eyes with a smile on his lips. Was there anything better than being with the man he loved? “Before you sleep, please help me clean up. I’m not sure I can feel my legs just yet.” He knew that was playing dirty but at the same time he loved knowing that he could make Steve take care of him.
“Someone yelled,” he told Clint. “It didn’t sound close. That way.” He pointed to the right from where the yelling had come. “How do we get them inside for you to take the key?”
Steve frowned, about to ask what he’d eaten today, feeling it was a lie or at least a half-truth but instead he went for another route. He wanted to know more about Tony. No one deserved what he was going through but still, he wanted to know what kind of person it was that he was getting himself involved with. “So, Tony. That short for Anthony?”
“If you’d handled it the last time you said you’d handle it, we wouldn’t be havin’ this conversation, now would we?”
“I missed you too,” Steve said, sitting on the bed beside him so he could pull Tony against his side as gently as possible. He pressed kisses into his hair, not caring that he needed a shower. This was Tony,
“It serves a purpose,” he said, reaching for his book so he could stare at the word ‘rabbit’ for an hour again. “Leave it be.”
Outside James was on the phone.
The night with Tony helped in some ways and hurt in others. He felt like he had made some kind of progress with him. Like he was perhaps opening up a way to one day... It was dumb and wrong, he knew. And unfair. But he still felt that way.
If there was one thing he didn’t like was having to hit Steve despite his reassurance that Tony wouldn’t be able to hurt him. He didn't like the thought of it, the sound of his fist hitting something or how he knew what being hit looked like. That simple exercise unsettled him more than he cared to admit. Shooting was easier. Shooting was better.
“Get some rest. I’m not going anywhere.” He kissed his hair and listened to Tony’s breathing even out as he fell asleep.
“You should try it first. The longer we leave it on the stove the more intense the flavor will be.” Tony checked the wall-mounted clock and got up to check on the pie in the oven. “Do you prefer whipped cream or vanilla sauce for pie?”
Steve nodded. “I wanted you to choose where you went. Of course I had my preferences but I didn’t want to influence you. That’s why I kept my distance at times. That’s why I let you know you could leave. That’s why I asked you—still ask you—if this is what you want,” he said, using a finger to gesture to himself and Tony. “I love you and I’ll love you wherever you are. I just want you to be happy.”
“Thank you,” he said softly. It felt like a gift that was given out of pity because he was so weak, because he had cried like a child.
Steve was worried too. Of course he and James knew that going through something like this was going to have serious consequences. They knew that no matter how strong Clint and Tony were, no matter how much they had already been through, that nothing could prepare or protect them from feeling the full effects of those few weeks spent in captivity, tortured, starved, and terrified. It angered Steve and James but more than anything, it worried them. Tony had his good days and sometimes he only had his good hours and Steve’s heart ached during the bad hours.
“Think they’ll kick you out or leave you here?” Tony asked, staring into his bag of chips while he spoke.
“I see how it is. Well, how about you do the cooking and I do the cleaning then?” He put the map away and looked back out. “So, you grew up here?” he asked. “Are you going to show me that too?”
Steve huffed, shifting down into his chair. “Sounds like we both need to talk to them, huh?”
“Well, maybe not
” she told him, taking it and sipping slowly. She eyed him while he worked and then said, now knowing exactly what had taken place, “I take it they weren’t actually talking when you looked in.” She kept her voice soft. She didn’t want Tony to feel like he was being interrogated or put on the spot.
Tony was sitting against the cold wall, his crumbled up jacket over his knees covering his legs and the blanket wrapped tightly around his upper body. It didn’t do much to warm him but it was better than nothing. He had lost count of the days. What light was coming through the window was no indication and since he was woken often by the men holding him here, he never slept much, so measuring the days passing by how much he slept was also out of the question.
He relaxed a bit once they were on the road, leaning back and reaching over with his free hand to rest it on Tony’s leg as he drove, the beautiful countryside passing by them.
“But they’re both terrible,” James said firmly. “And the second one is true.”
Steve turned his head back to look into the diner but he couldn’t see Clint and Natalia from where they were parked. He regretted that that was how he had met Natalia for the first time and he hoped he would get a second chance. She didn’t seem particularly forgiving but looks could be deceiving.
James was still at the door, looking very smug. “Don’t worry. I’ve managed to work out an agreement with a handful of willing ones. Besides, if they go to the cops, they go to jail too.” The door shut and Steve turned around, the reality of the situation sinking in and he smirked.
James whistled and a gurney came out. James helped put Steve on it. Once he was in a room and being checked out, James got in his own car and Dmitri took him to Sarah. Dugan now had control of a handful of James’ men to aid in the search for those two boys and anyone else who may be plotting anything against Steve, having been influenced by Brock.
“Well,” Tony started and had to clear his throat. “The stitches are there for a reason.” He pulled away, gently tugging Steve’s hand away. “We’ll get there soon enough. For now I need you to focus on getting better.”
“You vouch for her?” Jones asked Tony, which made him frown.
But only this once.”
It didn’t take long for him to feel for the door Clint had mentioned. Tony pushed the handle down, finding it locked. Slowly and silently he pulled the keys from his pocket and tried one key after another to find the one to unlock the door. It didn’t take longer than a few minutes but to Tony it felt like hours. His hands were getting sweaty and he had almost lost all hope when he found the right key.
And Tony knew that now.
“I don’t want to see either of my boys longing for people who may never want them back,” she said softly. “At least if you tell him and it doesn’t work out you can maybe start moving on.” James was shocked. He hadn’t expected that. “It breaks my heart to see you look at him the way you do.” James dropped his gaze and Sarah stood and made her way around his desk to lean down and hug him, her cheeked pressed against his. She pulled away just enough to press her lips to his cheek and he closed his eyes, sighing.
Steve listened carefully but still it bothered him. He let out a breath that didn’t come out as smoothly as he had hoped. He inhaled deeply again but it still left him jagged and rough. His next question hurt more.
“What do you want?”
Unfortunately, it was also normal to see Steve upset or glaring daggers. Tony put the tray of sandwiches and coffee down on the table and sat down next to him.
Tony took a deep breath and walked up to Steve, putting his hands on top of his. “He did but I’m here now. And I need
“What?” he asked Natalia, deep in his thoughts and not having heard her question. He pulled his gaze away from an empty booth he had been fixed on and back to her.
“Then why?” he asked and looked at Dugan who was looking at him through the reflection in the mirror. “If there’s no use for me, why care?”
Steve chuckled and made space for Tony on the piano bench. He showed him notes to play on the left side of the piano. Once he was sure he had the hang of it, Steve counted the rhythm and made Tony play a small variation. Every time Steve moved his hand to another position there were conflicting emotions in Tony. Was he doing it all wrong? Was Steve upset? And how did he manage to make this moment so intimate that all Tony wanted to do was undress him there and then?
Steve chuckled. “I knew how to use a knife as a weapon before and then James taught me and, well, let me be the first to tell you there’s a lot more to learn than you think.”
, Rogers,” James argued, tossing his wadded up serviette at Steve. Steve laughed.
“This is my favorite room,” Steve said.
“Can I help you, of-officer? Sir?” Bruce asked.
Each ring was like a stab in the chest. He knew that Clint needed to get out and reconnect with the world—that it was the best thing for his overall health and recovery because he couldn’t stay holed up in the house forever—but at the same time, he absolutely detested the idea of him being outside.
The one carrying the food said something, though Clint wasn’t sure what, and started walking towards him. He swung aiming for Clint’s stomach but Clint moved. The fist just barely caught his side, which hurt like hell, and Clint shoved him. Finally, the man managed to land a solid punch to Clint’s ribs and Clint gasped as the pain spread. His ribs must have been hurt worse than he initially thought.
Steve felt terrible that he didn’t have the energy to ask more than a few questions and certainly didn’t have as animated of an expression as his mother did when Benni told his stories. He hoped the kid knew he cared and didn’t think Steve was bored of him, he just simply didn’t have the energy.
“It was nice, thanks. C’mon,
He wouldn’t be able to meet anyone’s eyes if he escaped and left a nineteen-year-old to fend for himself. “And I’m bigger, more easily noticed. You’ve got the dark hair, dark suit. You can disappear into the shadows and, yeah, it’s cold as hell but get inside.” He paused, once again watching the door but nothing happened. “I think nighttime would be best. Gas stations will be open, get to a payphone. I know we’re near the water so go in the opposite direction. I got half a hint to James. I don’t know if he picked it up, though.”
Judging by the look in Tony’s eyes, Clint and he were thinking the same thing—this was it. They were no longer going to be of use or that man who had made Clint phone James was tired of waiting and would look for a new way to get what he wanted.
Steve sighed deeply. “Yeah, I do.” He picked the book up again. “I’ll just do some reading.”
“What do you say to a celebration dinner now that it’s official? What would you like to eat,
Sarah explained the situation she had woken up to and everything going on with Steve in relation to Tony. James told her what he knew as well, the things Steve had told him over the past couple months as well as what he said while Tony visited the graves.
“Where’s Tony?”
recognizes you.”
“Shhh! The show is starting. Today is a special!” Benni was very excited about his crime show even though Tony didn’t always like that he was interested in those kinds of stories but Sarah had told him to let Benni enjoy it and that was that.
“Alright,” Clint said, and James helped him stand, hooking Clint’s arm around his shoulder and sliding the crutches under his arms. “I’ll take a glass of milk.”
Was this the same man he had seen only a few weeks back at the deli staring at Howard? How could that be?
truth. “And giving dog tags isn’t something you expect a gift in return for. These dog tags around your neck mean you’re mine and that is enough of a gift for me.”
Sarah leaned up to look. “That’s the spittin’ image of him! Well done, pet.” Benni beamed up at them, proud of his work.
Tony turned his head away again. Only because Clint needed to read his lips did he turn it back. “After dinner we talked. Then he asked me if I danced and then we did. It’s strange… because I didn’t feel weird at all. I left the room but he came after me, asked me what it would take for me to leave him. When I told him there wasn’t anything, he kissed me.”
James heard the sound of Steve’s knuckles cracking as he clenched his fist. James decided maybe it was time for him to speak instead.
“Apparently we had more food than you can shake a cat at according to this one,” Sarah said, jerking a thumb towards Tony with a grin. “And there's plenty more left for you, love.”
He was like Steve? Why did that thought make him smile?
Once he kissed his brother good night, tucked him in and turned off the lights, he left the room through the door leading to his but he didn’t want to leave Sarah with all the cleaning up either.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint was ignoring the phone. It had rang once for a few minutes and he had successfully buried his head under his pillow to drown it out. He knew he could completely free himself from its irritating sound if he just took off his hearing aids but that sadly was not an option. Absolute silence reminded him too much of the memories he was trying not to revisit.
Clint went silently this time around. They tossed him onto the floor and he caught himself just in time to save himself from a painful face plant onto the concrete.
“Boy, you know me so well,” Tony scoffed and pushed the scrambled eggs around his plate. He considered not going back to the topic from before, testing which of them was more stubborn but decided against it. “I feel much older.”
is Tony?” He did
Dmitri came to the door, another man just out of sight, with him.
James sighed. “Not particularly.”
Out on the balcony earlier that evening, James and Clint were cuddled up tight under three thick blankets, Clint mostly on James’ lap. The balcony was connected to their room, the doors located not too far from the bed so they didn’t have to worry about bothering anyone else when they came back inside.
