"Here. It's just a blurb: 'Three dozen uncut diamonds from the Royal Collection have resurfaced. Experts say they represent a majority of the gems that disappeared in 1649 when Oliver Cromwell sold off the Crown Jewels. The gems were in the possession of a priesthood order without their knowledge, and were rediscovered accidentally.' Rediscovered accidentally! An accident!" John laughed.
She cries. She does not say anything, she simply cries. She is exhausted in the wake of the excitement of the arrest and all the questions. She is probably also sick from the pregnancy. She is quite pale.
Sherlock shuddered at the next gust. He stepped back from the window, took off his wet clothes, dropping them carelessly on the floor, went to the couch and lay down. The storm raged on outside. Cool air streamed into the room through the open window. Sherlock relieved his afflicted body with his own hand, a tried and true method of ridding himself of the tiresome, hormonally produced tension. But this time it didn't work the way he expected. His body was satiated, but that wasn't enough. His heart was still sore. His soul was still lonely. Sherlock had never been more aware of the fact before: his life was hollow without John.
"John. I need to tell you something. Dave has invited me to go swimming with him tomorrow evening at one of the bathing ponds on Hampstead Heath."
John heard Gerome and Sherlock talking, but it was the sheet in his hands that demanded all his attention. The bonding ritual itself was shorter than he'd expected. But the preparations beforehand were long and demanding. John felt his heart hammering inside his chest. A chilly breath of unease spread within him.
They'd eaten cake together afterwards, with Molly and Rosie. They'd sat in the café and eaten cake and smiled at each other through reddened eyes. Shy and disbelieving, uncertain about what had happened, about what was happening with them. Like newly-minted lovers who couldn't quite believe their luck.
"Come on," John said, gently this time. He went to Sherlock and placed the bundle in his arms, correcting his friend's positioning with his hand.
"Everything? Okay. Good." Dr Kenny chuckled. Then she met Sherlock's eye and said, still cheerful: "Sherlock Holmes, I don't believe a single word out of your mouth. Not one single word."
"Thanks." John freed his arms, stretched, and rubbed his shoulders. His left hand was swollen, the knuckles split. Scrapes and bruises on both arms. His t-shirt speckled with blood, probably from his head wound. His movements were jerky and obviously slowed.
"When did the path you walk become a river with only one direction? That's what you're asking yourself, isn't it? And you also know that every river ends in the sea."
Sherlock strode briskly toward the front. To the left of the sanctuary was a passage leading to a side chapel, a tight, arched walkway about five metres long, whitewashed like everything else, straight and narrow and just high enough for a man to comfortably walk through it. A red and white plastic crime scene tape blocked the entrance to the chapel. Sherlock stepped over it without pausing. John followed him.
"Hey, hey, little Watson," Sherlock tried to console her. He rocked her in his arms, speaking to her soothingly. "We should stay calm, Rosie. All right? And we need to stick together, the two of us, if we want to get out of here. But everything's going to be fine. It's all fine. There are even blackberries here. Look."
Sherlock sat there, numb. He couldn't take his eyes off John, the way he lay there so maltreated and fragile, forced into an unwilling, tear-filled sleep, separated from his daughter. Sherlock felt lost and hollow. He'd sworn to protect John's family. He'd sworn it, delirious with a love he'd thought was indestructible and immortal. He'd sworn it from the depths of his soul, knowing that he was willing to die for it. And now? Mary was dead. John had drifted away. Rosie was missing. Nothing was left. Nothing other than a desperate struggle for John. For John's love and what he'd sworn to him.
The London license plate LD58 CFY was registered to a Renault Twingo belonging to a young teacher. She didn't know anything, and there were several witnesses who were able to attest that that car had always had that number. No sign of a black Ford anywhere. Someone had probably forged the plates, at random most likely, and if they had changed them again after the deed was done, there was practically no chance of finding the vehicle that had been involved. There was still the sketch of the suspect. The APW hadn't returned any results. But there was the tattoo.
Strips of light slid diagonally across the room. Neither of them spoke. Sherlock closed his eyes, breathed in the familiar man leaning against his shoulder. A junction that generated warmth and a sense of peace. Of relief that allowed room for fatigue. And desire.
John had switched out some of his shifts at Bart's A&E, postponed others and cashed in his holiday and vacation days. He didn't tell Sherlock any of that, simply arranged things so he could be at the Rosenfeld Centre as often as possible. Dr Kenny had started to require his presence on a tight-knit schedule.
Rose's expression was sceptical. She didn't know quite what to make of that response. Sherlock found that he liked unsettling her, that he liked his own answer. It felt right. Lestrade had turned away and was acting as if he hadn't been listening. The topic of conversation was obviously distasteful to him.
"John will be in danger if word gets out that we're sniffing around Chaeronea. That can't possibly be in your best interest either, Inspector," Sherlock said coolly.
I would not have accepted the invitation to dinner at the O'Gradys – never – had I known what awaited me there. I had been seated between a professor of mathematics and a young, well-educated lady, apparently in hopes that I would be able to amuse myself. That I would either be drawn into the complex thought processes of higher mathematics, or fall victim to the lady's charm and wit. I ate what was offered, listened to the conversation around the table with half an ear, and replied sullenly to any questions directed my way. I know I performed an injustice to my neighbours at table, the highly intelligent and kindly professor as well as the extraordinarily savvy and quick-witted young lady. They could not help it that they were not Watson, that they were unable to fill the painful void; indeed, they only served to make me feel it more keenly.
John smiled. He bent over to the girl without taking his hand off Sherlock's arm, not breaking their contact.
The moon was full. One more thing to deal with. A cloudless, late summer's night sky spread out above Burnham Beeches. The pale disc hung large over the landscape, pouring milky light out across the fields, woods, and meadows, the path at John's feet a dun-coloured strip. John walked quickly. He heard the rhythmically undulating song, the drum accompaniment. The echo carried the sound to him. And he smelled the fire.
"No. Michael chose death in order to remain faithful to his partner. It was the only workable option for him. He was a soldier, a man of principles. Yea, yea, or nay, nay, as it says in Matthew. He that is not with me is against me. Christ came not to send peace, but a sword.* The sharp-edged sword of knowledge and action. The sword that cleaves truth from iniquity and ensures peace to our souls when we employ it. That's what Michael did. He chose the sword and died in Christ. The bond remains. He did it for his partner. And for the other man he loved. It's easier to love a dead man than a living one who desecrates sacred things. Believe me."
"Is it just a bomb threat, or is there really a bomb on board the plane? This whole thing feels more like a game to me. Who would benefit from killing me?"
"The last attack was probably meant for Callum. I suspect Phil mixed up his own poison and established an alibi through you, John," Sherlock said. "Davide Perilli must have known or done something. He died from the Black Chalice, as did Peter Moor and Gordon Kelley. Callum most certainly had a hand in the game, although I'm not sure yet in what capacity. What's still not clear is why Moor and Kelley needed to die. We'll find out as soon as the new Grand Master is appointed and we can nail Callum and Phil. I'd appreciate it if you could gather information on the election of the Grand Master at the club, John. It will be open again in the morning."
The blood stain on the wall of the barn has been washed away by now. Someone has removed it quite neatly. The ground around the cess pit has also been cleaned. Nothing is left to indicate that a murder took place here. The barn and the stable are tidy and clean, as is everything here. Two horses are grazing on the paddock behind the house, a black mare and a brown one. The brown one comes to the fence when she spots me, curious. I pat her neck. A flock of chickens scratches and picks in the grass around her legs. Something flashes. A clucking chicken is pecking at some object that reflects the sunlight.
Sherlock stood there as if rooted to the spot. The response seemed to hit him hard. He broke eye contact with John, stared into the distance. It was clearly difficult for him to deal with this information. John realised then that something had shifted between them. Sherlock was bothered by his answer.
A whisper at John's ear. John felt Sherlock's pulse inside him. The tightness. A faintly throbbing ecstasy. Sherlock's hand brushed across his penis. John was on the edge of his self-control. Hard, warm fingers rubbed his glans, trembling, hungry, damp, setting off a firestorm. Sherlock drove further in at the same time, his strong contraction shook John, a hot, wet stream. John cried out hoarsely, overcome by the power of the rush.
"We will do what your body demands, as often and as regularly as necessary, so that it does not reach a point of crisis. It will become accustomed to being satisfied at any time, and thus develop patience."
He could also leave, tonight or early tomorrow morning. He could double back over Sherlock's path, fly to London while Sherlock flew here. He could still avoid it. Back to London and from there anywhere else. He could still change things. They hadn't spoken, not for the whole five days. Not a single text from Sherlock. John hadn't lifted a finger either. Radio silence. He didn't know what Sherlock was working on in London. He wasn't even entirely sure he was coming back tomorrow.
John felt his hand trembling where it rested on the table. Everything in him was trembling. His whole body. He was on tenterhooks. Shaken by what he'd heard. He turned his head. Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock was pale.
Eurus's message was barely legible. Sherlock tried to decipher it word by word. He'd already skimmed the letter when Mycroft brought it. But it had been too much for him to really read it, paralysed as he had been by Mycroft's news. He hadn't had any time either. They'd left for Sherrinford immediately, as soon as John had rung Mrs Hudson and she'd promised to come straightaway and take care of Rosie. Sherlock hadn't relinquished possession of the letter since then, had stuck it in the breast pocket of his suit jacket and carried it with him the whole time, unable to give it any of his attention. A red-hot document resting on his chest. Eurus's last words, which he could only decipher in part. It wasn't until now, back at John's flat, that he had enough strength, peace and quiet to face up to the pages and what they contained.
"Now," he said, placing his fingertips together, "I'm glad to have the two of you safely back in London. It wasn't easy and cost a large amount of public funds. You're the cause of more outlay than you bring in. That wasn't exactly a favourable outcome, Sherlock. You weren't even able to find out who killed Irene. You're getting old."
John unclasped his hand from Sherlock's when a knock sounded at the door and Detective Inspector Lestrade entered the sickroom.
Pauline Boon cries some more. We wait. She blows her nose, wipes away the tears. Then she says, her voice thick, "I love him."
Sherlock reached for his violin. It lay open on the table and was out of tune from the change in the weather, the drop in temperature, the humidity. It sounded more mellow when it was damp, but also smooth and lively from the cooler temperatures. John coming in from outside. Sherlock transposed the theme to A major and let the fresh wind blow through the sixth-interval jump, swirl through the ascending motif in lively eddies, and sweep brashly past the climax of the motif, merry and carefree, unlimited by any rules. Then he made the notes tumble down through the octaves with daredevil somersaults so they could catch their breath at the tonic before the entire journey started over again with a daring key change to B flat major.
Sherlock went into the kitchen, pulled the nipple out of the bottle, sniffed it, and grimaced in disgust. He dribbled some of the whitish liquid onto his hand and tasted it anyway. A sweet milk-grain concoction. Made from a powder mix. Sherlock opened the kitchen cupboards, searching for the powder, and quickly found the container. It was almost empty. Sherlock scanned the ingredients listed on the package. Nothing that would have induced sleeplessness. Still. He shook some of the powder into a plastic baggie and put it into his pocket. It would need to be taken to the lab.
His phone. Sherlock reached for it. Lestrade. It was almost midnight. He'd turned down the case and didn't want another one. He'd made that more than clear. No more cases for the time being. He needed a rest. Sherlock declined the call. The phone buzzed again a few seconds later. Lestrade wasn't about to give up that easily. Neither was Sherlock. He declined the call again and turned the device to silent mode, set it face-down on the side table. Damn it all! Was it so difficult to understand that he needed some peace and quiet? That he had other priorities at the moment? Sherlock felt himself start to shake inside again. His hand holding the glass was shaking too. That was the end of his peace and quiet. One call, one interruption of his thoughts from an outside source, and his nerves started to misfire.
He waved his hand at the young man, who took out his mobile phone and entered a number. Sherlock tried to see what it was, but he could only make out part of it: 07755 47x x14. It was a mobile number at any rate.
Fifteen minutes later, Sherlock was showered and dressed in new clothes, his arm freshly bandaged. He took the money and the bank card from John's hand and tucked them away. He hugged his friend in parting.
When John didn't continue walking but kept standing in the hallway Sherlock was confused for a moment, but he could puzzle the pieces together. “So, are we going to your old room or do you have to ask Harriet for permission?”
Sherlock couldn't move, not even his face. He was frozen and simply stood there, he didn't know for how long. John, he had... he... had kissed him on the cheek... and it was good! The feeling that had it's centre where his heart was, exciting and warm, started to conquer the rest of his body. He placed the hand where John's lips had been and wondered how such a small gesture could cause him happiness. He slowly looked where John had gone and for one moment he thought about asking for more.
It was not a pleasant thing, having flashbacks to memories situated in the darkest parts of your mind where you never venture into. John knew full well of those nightmares, hello, a former PTSD sufferer here! He felt them lurk and glide past every now and again, he knew the feeling of unprecedented terror as they grew and threatened to pierce their cell, he knew it all.
“It's complicated, John”, he started, “It's a cocktail of emotions and I can't really sort them all out... it's fear, excitement, helplessness... love.” For this last word he took a break and looked at John.
“And you don't mind?“, Sherlock asked in worry; he didn't want to leave John alone, didn't want to ruin the mood.
"Everything. John, you're everything to me", Sherlock said, hoping he'd understand how far this word reached.
"Where are we going...?" John murmured, trying to free himself from sleep's embrace, but slowly failing.
John paused when he heard the male begin to speak, slowly turning his head and looking at the detective, a sad and obvious fake smile on his lips "Nothings wrong Sherlock, dont worry about it" he said before slowly closing his eyes, his own words causing his heart to ache and tears began to flow down his cheeks properly before he finally let out a sob, the male never having faced such strong emotions at once. Both love and hate for the man in front of him. John breathed carefully and allowed his eyes to open, a smile on his lips once more "I guess your right, Sentiment is a chemical defect. I mean, here I am, in love with you yet im crying with sadness over being rejected... defeated" he muttered, rubbing at his eyes "I will leave you in peace, I'm sure you would prefer to talk to anyone else right now, even Anderson" he grumbled before making his way towards his bedroom once more
John placed a hand firmly on Sherlock's chest to make him stop, and stared up into his eyes with his stone hard look.
He loved being close to John and as he didn't think about it anymore, he just placed his hand on John's arm, holding him in a way that they were together, but he didn't capture him. He could feel John's warmth and the way his body moved when he breathed. It was wonderful.
John nodded his head. "Yeah, I want to know what's going on in your mind palace, all these little feelings you file away, tell me them."
John found himself back in his home,, in the kitchen. It seemed that he was the only one and a thick cloak of silence hung in the air like a cloud, pendulous and heavy. It was so quiet that John could hear his blood thrumming in his veins and the slick sound of his eyelids opening and closing. What was going on? He turned around on the spot to try and get a sense of understanding. A unsettling fear swarmed in his chest. Suddenly, Harry was in front of him, in a slim red dress and a bottle of rosé in her hand. It was what she was wearing when.... when he had first left home. She narrowed her eyes. "Brother." She said, voice cold. She was there, and then she wasn't, John turned around in a state of confusion, until she re appeared behind him. "You abandoned us." She transported again to the far side of the kitchen. He found a gun to be clutched firmly in his grip, with no recollection of ever having one in his jeans. "Betrayed us." She began to speed up, only staying in one place for several seconds, faster and faster until she was a blur. Then, she stopped stone still. Only, it wasn't her. But a man. In a Westwood suit. With dead brown eyes. And a manic smile. "Johnny boy!" Moriarty sang, "I'm back!" John's breathing turned into ragged panting as he desperately tried to keep his eye on Moriarty, who shot from one place to the next with the same speed 'Harry' had. He whipped round and round, the world nothing but a blur. Something clattered behind him near the sink and he whipped around, the fear manifesting into pure, unadulterated terror. Before he could register what was happening, his finger squeezed the trigger, sending a bullet ripping through the air, and into the chest of Moriarty. But it wasn't the Irishman. Staring at him with shock, blue eyes wide and full of hurt, was Sherlock. "No..." John breathed, watching as Sherlock toppled to the ground, a crimson stain spreading across his shirt. "No no no no no!" What had he done? WHAT HAD HE DONE? John tossed away the gun and threw himself next to Sherlock, desperately trying to assess the wound, definitely through the heart. Tears welled up in his eyes as he shakily grabbed a limp wrist, searching for a pulse. Nothing. "Sherlock, Sherlock please, please!" He repeated hoarsely. There was no reply, and the eyes full of shock were now glassy, and stared up at nothing. Sobs began to rack John's body, and shake his ribs. He stared at Sherlock's body, cold and lifeless. Something was... moving? On Sherlock's chest. The plains of material were being manipulated by something underneath. The bubbling grew quicker, more chaotic. It rose from Sherlock's chest until the shirt couldn't take it anymore, and a thousand black hands burst from the seams, grabbing and clawing at John. He tried to pull away, but they pulled harder, dragging him into Sherlock's chest, or the massive hole that it now was. He didn't want to die! John didn't want to die! No! The hands were stronger than his feeble attempts to break free of their grip, and he was rapidly being dragged into the hole. He gave out one final scream as he was finally yanked into the black abyss. John awoke with a start, panting heavily and eyes darting around the room.
That was the moment he gave in to it. He answered the kiss and placed his one hand at the back of John's neck while with the other one he ran through his hair. He couldn't think no more. Reality had never been more real, he had never felt more alive. His heart was racing, his breath went deeper and harder and in this moment he didn't care about anything that would happen in the outside world.
John felt rage searing beneath his skin, and he felt himself start to shake. "You mean, you knew, and you didn't tell me?" He asked through gritted teeth.
John turned his body so that the side of his face was against the warm skin of Sherlock's arm and put his full weight on. He was still paranoid that it was going to hurt him. His eyes fluttered over to the scar on Sherlock's chest from where he was shot by the late Magnussen, the tissue rippled and shone a slight silver from where John was lying. It was beautiful, in a twisted way. He wanted to run his fingertips over it, but he wasn't sure whether Sherlock would be ok with it, he knew personally that he felt uncomfortable whenever his ex-girlfriends had noticed it when he had been getting undressed. Instead, he draped his arm over Sherlock's torso and tucked his hand underneath, between Sherlock and the mattress.
"I... Can get up," John said, scrabbling around luggishly, "I need... Some help though.. Support too..."
John glanced back when he saw Sherlock, a slight smile of disappointment on his lips when he saw the detective walk from the bathroom fully clothed "its really no problem Sherlock.." He muttered before turning away from him, carefully sipping his own drink before shrugging "not that i can see, sorry Sherlock... There may be something in your emails perhaps?" He suggested before tightening his grip on his mug. The male frowned deeply and his heart beat heavily in his chest, the doctor wanting to kiss his detective and eventually, he got the courage. The male stood up, placing his tea down onto the table before walking into the kitchen, watching the detective sip at his tea "Sherlock." He said firmly, smirking as the detective turned towards him. John stepped forwards and grabbed the front of his suit, pulling the man in closer "i refuse to allow last night to be a one off thing" he growled before pressing his lips a little roughly against Sherlock's, quickly tugging and nibbling at his bottom lip.
"Shh... sh...", Sherlock said as he leaned down to John to hold him closer, "Relax, calm yourself..." He knew that this wasn't helpful, but what could he have said that was? He carefully stroked John's back, he didn't dare to reach out and do that to his head.
“It's pretty easy, actually”, Sherlock said in his usual controlled voice, “We have to show him we're a couple.”
"No, because you're my only helper, John", Sherlock said bitterly, and he knew he wasn't in the right to be mad at him, but the way he acted made him angry, " You're the only one who ever chose to stay at my side, and when I ask you to do these kinds of things of me it's not because I see you as somebody who works for me, but because you're the only one I fully trust."
John panted heavily when Sherlock pulled away from him quickly, heartbreak washing over him momentarily before realization made his blood run cold. Cameras. Bugging devices. Moriarty. John had completely forgotten. John clenched his fists, angry at himself for forgetting about their safe room. However, now he had done it, he needed to continue to act. Once Sherlock had rushed from the room, John let out a loud angry snarl and he used his arm to angrily knock off a variety of books and Sherlock's cup of tea off the table, causing the mug to smash on the floor. The doctor panted heavily, gripping at one of the chairs before slamming his fist down "Stupid!" He shouted before shaking his head "fuck... I fucked up everything .. Our friendship.." He grumbled, all acting for the possible cameras. John felt his phone vibrate in his pocket before smirking slightly, quickly making his way to his room to get dressed before he rushed down the stairs to meet Sherlock at the address he had been texted, being sure to grab his wallet on the way out to make sure he could pay for his taxi
"Oh piss off!" She shrieked back, before her heavy steps stomped down the stairs. John rose his eyebrows, he didn't think it would be that quick before Sherlock lost his temper at Harriet, she must have a gift. "Well that didn't settle well." He simply said, looking at Sherlock adjusting his cuff links aggressively. He had grown used to Harry's perpetual mood, and he only registered it as background noise now, but other people, as Sherlock had shown, are not as adaptable towards her. It always provided John some entertainment though, when they had had enough.
Buzz buzz buzz... BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ! Tired eyes slowly peeled open and a groan escaped dry lips. The male turned slowly in his half asleep state, blindly reaching out and slamming his hand down onto his alarm in an attempt to stop it "Fucking hell.." he grumbled, head throbbing as he forced himself to sit up his heavy body. John rested his head in his hand for a moment, the war broken doctor had only had a few hours sleep the night before, his dreams had been riddled with Nightmares and flashbacks. Never the less, John knew he had better get up soon or Sherlock would just end up complaining to him as per usual. John slowly slipped out of the bed, wearing just his PJ shirt and boxers. He allowed his feet to be tucked into his slippers before standing up to make his way from his bedroom.
Yes, yes, yes! Those kisses... damn! They were so good. When their lips met again Sherlock could finally show his affection in a way, too again and answered the kiss. He kissed John wilder and more passionately than ever before, feeling that this was a way to let out all the energy that filled his body now. He still breathed fast, breaths accompanied by sound. He had to get ahold of himself!
Sherlock covered the room's length in a matter of strides, and he was about to walk out of the door, when John caught a glimpse of his shoes put neatly on the mat.
John lifted his chin up slightly and wetted his lips, his shoulders set back. Determination set in. Fear flowed out. He felt his soldier side kick in, and he was awaiting his commander to discuss their tactics. Pride blossomed in his heart. His commander. His little tin soldier more like.
John let out a sigh and slumped his shoulders, looking around the room. This is a blip.... Just a blip in their relationship, it will get better. He stepped into the cubicle, turned on the shower and closed his eyes in relief of the hot water spitting down on him. It relaxed his muscles, which were tight, unbeknown to John. This relaxation lasted for a few minutes, before a sudden knot in his stomach twisted, and sent a wave of nausea flooding over him. His mouth had the sweet taste he usually got just before he vomited. "Oh God!" He mumbled as he flew to the toilet with a hand clasped firmly over his mouth. Luckily, he reached the bowl just as the contents of his stomach lurched forward out of his body and into the u-bend with unflattering splashes. That would be the remaining drugs leaving his system with a vengeance. Good riddance. John wasn't a vocal vomiter, he instead made the muffled gagging sounds as his stomach clenched and emptied itself. One of the things he hated most about being physically sick was the before and after taste, especially the former, it roiled his stomach even more. He was glad, though, to finally be rid of the drugs. It meant no more unexpected surprises. There wasn't much in his stomach, so it only took two or three to fully empty it. He remained hunched over the toilet for a bit, taking in deep breaths to wash out the remaining nausea. John was glad that was over.
Sherlock's sudden change of attitude slightly confused John, but he wasn't exactly complaining. When he straddled his legs, John felt once again the resistance of his pants against his member and he moaned ever so slightly through the open crack of his lips. What should he do with them....? He was sure that if Sherlock felt comfortable enough that he would either do it himself, or give John a sign. John liked the sensation of Sherlock's slender fingers running over his skin, he was playing him, like his violin back at Baker Street... He must miss it... Sherlock's kisses on his neck drew him from his thoughts whilst making his breathing hitched, and once again, his hairs stood on end. As he trailed his lips further down to John's chest, the shivers increased in potency, so much so that they made the world muted except for the sound of his body reacting to the brush of Sherlock's lips temporarily against his skin in his ear canal.
John took in a slow breath in an attempt to calm himself down, trying to think of somewhere the pair could go that Moriarty would never find them. John scratched at his chin, humming a soft song to himself as he tried to think before blinking, a slightly naughty location popping into his mind. The male hummed and slowly slipped off the bed, making his way towards his bedroom door and pulling it open "Sherlock! Can you come here a second please?!" He called down to him, tapping his foot impatiently against the carpet
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Alright, John, what I'm trying to say is that I probably wouldn't even survive this if I didn't have you. You're the only drug I need anymore, you make me strong, and are strong for me when I can't be and I... I have clearly fallen for you. I love you, too.”
John halted his hands at the sight of Sherlock shutting his eyes, and understood the sign of uncomfortableness on the detective's face. Ok... Maybe not at the moment... The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel uncomfortable, this was a moment that should be enjoyed by both of them and he would respect Sherlock's feelings. He couldn't bare to hurt the one he loved most. John didn't say anything, as it might've ruined the moment, but he said a silent apology in his head.
“John“, Sherlock looked at his boyfriend while driving, “John!“, he got louder as he didn't get a reply. Was he fine? He simply must!
Sherlock felt John's release inside of him and shut his eyes as the doctor continued to ride him. He was nearing completion, and it sent nervous excitement running through his veins. This fuelled his approaching orgasm, his heart was thundering in his ears. It was fucking amazing!
John clenched his fists as he waited for the taxi to drive up towards the cafe, able to feel the tension in the air. He couldn't believe he had almost slipped up and told Sherlock that he loved him. He could feel his chest begin to ache as he thought over what would of happened if he had said. Would Sherlock have ignored his feelings? Or did Sherlock feel the same way? John sighed, rubbing his eyes quickly as he felt the start of some tears begin to swell up. The male smiled as they finally parked up, the male glancing across to talk to Sherlock but the detective had already ran off towards the cafe. John let out a disappointed sigh, slipping out of the car himself and walking towards the cafe but he made no attempt to catch up with him. He scratched the back of his neck as he made his way inside, following Sherlock towards a table and sitting down in front of him, a weak smile on his lips "Do you want a drink Sherlock?"
Sherlock could tell that John was devastated, but he had no idea how to comfort him or what to say. So he just held him close.
"Ow!", he shouted and pulled back his hand but didn't let her get up. "You want a fight? You'll get one!", he said and pulled on her hair, "By the way your insult is interesting, gay girl!"
He looked at John first, like he was checking if this really was what he wanted, then he leaned over to his neck and placed his lips on the soft skin. He started to kiss it gently, carefully, but did it more intensely when John demanded more. Sherlock bit it carefully and sucked on the skin, doing his best to please his captain.
“He will present himself”, Sherlock answered me without separating his eyes from the screen, “He will give me a case, just like our original Moriarty did, and I will have to solve it. He will show that he is even better than Moriarty, advertise himself and let people know that a new age of criminal consulting has started. My role is to find out who he is, and, in the end, to have a tragic death, I guess. So that this new principle seems to even be better than the old one. He finished the job Moriarty wasn't able to.”
John laughed quietly also, and shook his head slightly, smiling. He was used to this, his mother wasn't known to be the quiet woman, but rather one who spoke her mind, and cracked jokes like they were eggs.
"The.. blood? What blood, John?", Sherlock asked and kept his eyes on John. Seeing him in this state was horrible.
Sherlock would keep holding John until he would make a move to go to a different position or leave the hug.
He loved how shy Sherlock was in bed, as opposed to his usual arrogant counterpart in public. It was adorable and warmed his heart.
I stepped into the shower and turned on the water. There was a fight in my head. The first voice told me to slow things a bit, so I wouldn't have to be confronted with John. After that dream I had had last night I could barely look at him. I had never dreamed anything like that before, the beginning was embarrassing enough, embarrassing and dumb, and the ending was still as terrifying as it had been in the night. That's what the second voice referred to. I had to hurry to solve the case and protect John. No matter how much I wanted to avoid him right now, I knew that I couldn't live without him. What a confusing paradox. I would simply have to shut it out. For my own best and also John's. I had managed to do that before, I would be able to now. Anytime we met, every time I even heard of him, the... feelings became stronger. John was an extraordinary person, unlike anybody I had ever met before, and whatever it was that dragged me towards this fellow, it was inescapable.
After having enjoyed another one of those astoundingly passionate kisses John told him what he would like him to do and this was clearly a thing he could do.
Sherlock followed John outside, then he took the lead. The touch let a warm shiver run over him and he wondered what that had been.
“Yes. Moriarty has killed himself when we were on the roof. Now somebody else has taken his place, some power-hungry ex-employee of his, hello by the way, to continue the work he hasn't been able to finish himself. I don't blame you, sir, everybody would be beguiled by such a position and the possibilities Moriarty's network provide. But to get to that position and take over the legacy people are not allowed to know who you really are, so you have to exterminate me.”
Sherlock's violin vibrated low and soft, close, very close to that tranquility. The flageolet climbed tentatively up from the depths, petering out at a dizzying height.
I saw John fighting for me on the other side of the glass wall that Mary's violent death inserted between us. I saw him despair over his feelings, saw him beat himself bloody in a blind rage. I felt his helplessness with my own body, his unbearable pain which exploded over me. A choked-off cry for help. The deepest, most wounded root of love. We scraped it raw against each other.
John's voice was like bitter gall. It hit Sherlock full force. A heavy lump in his chest squeezing his breath out. Sherlock left the flat quickly, without saying good-bye. He went down the stairs, pushed open the door at the bottom, fled out into the rainy night. The door closed behind him, locking automatically. Sherlock ran out onto the street, heedless, leaving the house behind. The night air burned in his lungs. Inside him was a jumble of thoughts and emotions. And the knowledge that what he was doing was wrong. He shouldn't walk away. This wasn't about hurt feelings. Those were the wrong priorities. This was about Mary and Sophie. It was a matter of life and death, and he needed John. Sherlock slowed his steps, then stopped. Hesitated. John was hurt, under a lot of stress, and striking out at everything. That was fine. He would have to put up with it. He owed John that much. Not to walk away now. Sherlock turned around and went back, rang up to John's flat. Waited. No reaction. He rang again, holding the button down for a long time. Nothing. He took out his phone and entered John's number. John didn't accept the call.
. The morning sun dabbled in John's eyes, set in motion by the pattern of the curtain billowing in the morning breeze. Sherlock touched John's hand where it rested on his cheek with the tips of his fingers. He didn't speak. He couldn't take his eyes off John's, off the shadowy landscape he longed for that was spread out in their depths. And he knew that he was ready to meet John. On any level. Whatever it might mean.
"The aeroplane is currently being searched by a special team," Mycroft explained. "And I felt it wise under these conditions to remove you from air traffic circulation, so to speak. You'll excuse the vulgar expression."
The blog was bursting with comments on the announcement that Sherlock Holmes had retired and would in future be leading a peaceful life as a beekeeper in Sussex.
John closed his eyes. He knew every move. The tenderness of the wiry hand feeling along his, looking for the way in under his t-shirt while hot lips caressed his neck. The heavy stream of breath. The scent of arousal. The pressure of the cock becoming hard against his thighs. The sigh. He knew the eyes without seeing them. Knew the blue, as pale as water, flooded with lust. Sherlock. John's heart beat toward him. He knew the man well, lying at his back with an impetuous heat, begging for him. He knew his smile, his love, his power. He knew his mental strength, that incredible intelligence, a match for any complication. And he knew the almost childish need of the difficult person who was his partner, knew his deep-seated yearning for warmth and affirming union. Union with him, with John.
The Grand Master. John felt a deep gratitude when he thought of Martin. The pain surrounding him had faded with every step he and Sherlock had taken toward each other. The foundation was holding. John smiled; smiled for Martin. If he could have seen it, he would have smiled back.
Almost everything was done that Sherlock had planned to do that day before John returned. The shopping. Tidying a little in the living room and kitchen. The cleaning woman had done everything else.
"But you know that, John. Don't you?" Sherlock said gently. And after John had nodded: "The only thing we need now is a way out of here."
"My mother," Sergej began, "offered some materials from the ISS to North Korea. Delicate stuff, military. But she was stabbed before she could turn them over. They've disappeared. The Koreans must have thought Andrej knew something, and tortured him for it. They threatened to kill you. Then they took me and wanted the information from me. I have access to the ISS project, as you already know."
"Miss Boon. You will bear your child in gaol and it will be taken from you," Inspector Schofield presses. "Speak now. You did not kill anyone. You will only receive a mild punishment for being accessory after the fact if you confess. Think of your child!"
It was a bonding ritual from the White Chamber. Gerome had requested that they participate in order to become more familiar with the way the brotherhood worked. It was early, the sun wasn't up yet. They'd joined the circle of priests. The man – a lay brother – who wanted to be married to Christ had spent all night in the church, fasting, holding vigil, and praying, preparing in the presence of two priests and a few people close to him who had supported him on his journey. Now he knelt in the chancel, in the middle of the circle of priests. His friends and family knelt in the front rows of pews, in silent reverence. It was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop.
It wasn't until Sherlock reached the tonic by playing up a whole tone that he realised he was playing in a minor key, and that the poles of his melody were the subtonic and the dominant, dancing around each other in a completely different context than he'd initially assumed. And that they met in a common key note that lay between them.
The next time John woke up, the steel door was being torn open and a blinding spotlight shone right into his eyes, so that he flung his arm up to protect them. Men's voices. Then something flew into the room, tumbled, stumbled, fell. A human body. A fraction of a second later, the heavy door slammed shut again and was locked from the outside with a clatter.
"There were a few things I needed to know. He told me about the ritual killings and that our two murders were probably related to that. At some point, he mentioned that his partner was dead and that he realised he never should have entered into the bond."
It was in this moment that Sherlock knitted his brows in an angry way and lifted his view. She didn't even finish her sentence, her blabing, when he had laid John on the floor carefully and rushed to the living room. He saw Harriet there, that stupid grin on her face, she just let herself fall on the sofa. Sherlock pulled her up again before she had even sat down and pinned her against a wall. "John almost died and that's all you've got to say about it?!", Sherlock pressed through his teeth fiercely.
She looked like an intelligent woman and probably she'd figure out the relationship between him and John on her own. It would be pretty interesting to watch that situation. At the same time he felt John's nervousness and wished that he could have laid his arm around him to make him feel more comfortable. But for now he could do none of the sort as he understood that John didn't have his coming out yet. John himself surely hadn't fully made his peace with it. Sherlock would have sighed but he was in control again now and wouldn't allow himself to do anything that could let him look bad. John's mother should like him.
“See what I can do? I'm still out there, Sherlock!”, now it was only his voice speaking to me, it came from like everywhere, “I know everything about you. I am watching. I've always been watching you. So you better find me, or I'll take away all the things you love. East wind is coming. You should have appreciated the boredom!”
“Mrs. Hudson!”, I screamed, running towards the door we had found her behind before. Why hadn't we freed her when we had had the chance to?! Why had we listened to that lunatic?! “Mrs. Hudson!”
John frowned slightly and nodded along as Sherlock began to explain what had happened. He slowly ran his thumb along his bottom lip, carefully thinking over what Sherlock had said but truthfully, he had no idea what he he could contribute to the case that Sherlock didnt already know or had figured out. The male let out a slow sigh, hating that he knew that Sherlock viewed John as an Idiot. The male closed his eyes briefly before yawning "Em..." he mumbled, rubbing at his eyes tiredly "Thumbs?" He chuckled quietly before turning to look at Sherlock, pupils dilating and there was a happy look in his eyes which only seemed to appear when John was looking at Sherlock "Well, im sure with that clever mind of yours, you will have the case solved today" he chuckled, allowing his eyes to run along his cheekbones and turned up collar for a moment before chuckling, shaking his head "You can be such an idiot Sherlock"
Sherlock looked at John to see if he'd react the way he had expected. It was impossible that he'd react any different. He had raised his expectations to spend some time together when in the end it had just been to investigate in the case.
He caught on to the fact that Sherlock was shielding his face on purpose to hide the embarrassment, and felt a pit of guiltiness. Had he forced Sherlock to feel compelled to do it?
Sherlock trembled and could barely move. But John's voice kept him going. He wished that he was here with him now already. This was all too much.
He got nervous again when John said that he wanted them to share a bed. It was a huge step. Still Sherlock wanted the same. He couldn't leave now, he didn't want to. The human interaction, the physical contact that could make people feel better and which he had never gotten, he started to understand it now. And all he wished was for John to teach him more of it.
John wiped his face with his hands. "You literally just said a few minutes ago, when I asked you what the poison was, that that was the reason why I was taking notes, did you not?" He asked slowly, mockingly.
"Er.... There used to be an asda nearby, we could see if it's still there?" John suggested, ruffling his hair in the mirror in a hopeless attempt to make it look nice.
"Yeah, go down to the end of the hallway, and they'll be on your left. Breakfast is served in the canteen from 5 to half 8, buffet. I'll just get your key card and you can go to your room, it's number 211."
"When I was shot... when Magnussen shot me while we were chasing after him... I would have died. But I fought myself back because I knew you were in danger."
Sherlock enjoyed cleaning John, he could have a look at every centemeter of him again, the wonderful perfection he consisted of! John was such a handsome man... He then went and got a towel. He dried John. Then he climbed into the bed and under the cover himself. Now, what position should they have? Could he just.. go to John and.. well, lay on him in a way? Or... hug him? Or what should he do?
Then he opened the door and went to face Moriarty. He had nothing to hold against him and still... he could put the plan into action now.
"Are you sure?", Sherlock looked at John again as he wasn't. John had been so weak... If he'd walk on his own he'd walk behind him so he could catch him if he fell.
Sherlock got a slight fright as John started to cry. In the first second he had thought that he has made a mistake, but John was holding on to him so tight that this couldn't be the case. Sherlock slowly started to run his hand over John's back and whispered: "It will be fine. I'm here." This situation affected him in two ways. The first one was the pain. John's sadness reached his own heart and let it hurt, and he wished he could have stopped him and made him feel better. Maybe this hug thing could help with it? The second way was some strange kind of happiness and Sherlock was slightly mad at himself that he could feel this way in this situation. But John being so close to him was nice, being there for him as well, and most of all: John trusted him. Sherlock had never been so sure of it as in this exact moment. He was crying in his arms, letting himself be weak, and he shared all this with Sherlock. He wasn't hiding himself away anymore. And knowing that made his heart jump of joy.
She seemed to be reserved, although Sherlock couldn't properly interpret the way she was looking at them, but as she was a smart woman (she had to be, she was related to John after all) she realized that John had come to her in an important matter and so she let them in.
Sherlock let go of the teacup he'd just wanted to lift to his mouth, removed his fingers from the handle of the cup. Surprised, he looked into the grey eyes that rested on him so calmly. The familiar eyes of the man in whose arms he'd spent the night, more tender than ever. With whom he wanted to spend every night, with whom he wanted to spend his life. He'd realised it two days ago, when John had cried for Mary. He was certain now.
For days following the interment, they sat silent and numb in their flat. Mrs Hudson shooed away any and all visitors, brought up biscuits and sandwiches only to carry them back downstairs, untouched, the next day. John and Sherlock lived on whiskey, tea, and a bit of toast. Mrs Hudson made sure they were kept supplied without being asked. She passed through the flat like a ghost, registered only vaguely in the background by Sherlock and John. She didn't say anything, just checked whether anything needed to be done. She was the only person John and Sherlock allowed. Sherlock didn't care that Mrs Hudson found them wrapped tightly around each other on the couch and covered them, that she saw them naked in bed together and closed the blinds. That she cleaned their bathroom and washed their laundry, and tidied their kitchen. Mrs Hudson belonged to them.
A young woman approached Sherlock. Modestly dressed, her hair twisted into a bun at the nape of her neck.
Lestrade pointed at an empty desk. Sherlock pulled up a map of London on the computer screen and called up the location of every tattoo studio. There were dozens.
"Hold on..." Rose talked to someone else in the background, then came back. "Sherlock? Our IT guy's inside the network and has the server. John's returning to the infirmary to wake up the warden, and then he's out."
Sergej looked down into his coffee cup. The topic seemed to discomfit him, although he was the one who had brought it up.
The trip with the all-terrain vehicle took about a quarter of an hour. Down to Meiringen, along the Aare toward Brienz. At some point they took a right across a narrow bridge, then on the other side of the river up again, a gravel road parallel to the train tracks. The commander eventually parked next to two police cars and an ambulance, let John and Mycroft get out. The police divers were there cleaning their equipment. The commander stepped over the single track of the local Zentralbahn railway and down to the Aare.
"The priest who was beheaded back then in Leeds: no one knows it was Ethan's partner. The officers in Leeds couldn't solve the case. They still don't know who killed him. We can deduce that it was one of the brotherhood. And we need to assume Ethan was present."
"The ways of the Lord are mysterious and inscrutable," the nun said mildly, her gaze still locked on John's. "It is not for us to judge. It is HIS will that will be done."
Up ahead was another short, rocky incline. Two more masts, then the crate arrived at the top station and braked abruptly. Swung unpleasantly. The chains creaked in their fittings. A cargo transporter. John got out, grabbed his backpack and went over to the man who was waiting for him with a smile. Sherlock.
John poured himself some coffee and sat down at the tiny table in the kitchen with his cup. He'd set it for breakfast: eggs, toast, marmelade. He'd already showered. Sherlock was still asleep. John sipped the hot coffee. Reflective. Sherlock. They'd made love a second time that night. At some point, Sherlock had hugged him, half asleep, their bodies had found each other and cuddled together. They'd simply allowed the arousal, the renewed lust, had let whatever happened, happen. Like an old, well-acquainted couple. John smiled. It was hard to understand why it had taken so long for them to take this step. So much fear, so many doubts.
Father Stean Whitehead was wearing his alb, the long, white tunic that went under the other vestments, held together with a plain white cincture. Nothing else. He was nude underneath. His blueish feet stuck out beneath from the priestly garment. Both of his hands rested on his heart, holding a small, simple wooden cross. A white cloth was drawn underneath his chin and knotted on top of his head, holding his jaw in place. He was laid out flat on his back in the sanctuary, directly under Sergius and Bacchus. He looked completely relaxed and blissful.
Tears leapt from John's eyes. He wiped them away with his hand. "And then you came to Bury. I set everything on a single card, and you met me halfway. It was clear after that. It must have been clear to Martin too, at least after the ritual we shared. And now he's dead."
John slid the paper back. Sherlock had returned to cooking. John watched him, feeling wrong-footed. Sherlock was cooking. Something was wrong here. Very wrong. Veering off in a completely wrong direction. Celine had dictated to Sherlock. And Sherlock had obeyed. He was susceptible to manipulation because of his love, tractable due to his emotional insecurity. And John was too. He'd done everything Celine had told him to. For Sherlock. For their relationship. Their love was their weakness, made both of them manageable, made them puppets of the Swiss secret service. They were controllable in every aspect of their lives. They might be together now, but they were trapped. Trapped in this mountain cabin.
"Three men die of the same poison, which can only be prepared by you, and you know nothing? How is that possible?" Sherlock said.
He entered him, careful but decisive, and Sherlock clawed into the pillows with a low, lusty cry, rising up toward him, tempestuous and impatient, pressed himself towards John, pulled him further inside through the movements of his hips. John moved slowly and attentively, completely in sync with Sherlock's countermovements. Sherlock gasped and pleaded until John wet his hand with spit and stroked Sherlock's rock-hard cock with it. Sherlock was about to climax, and John knew that he was so far gone himself that the contractions he would feel while so deep inside Sherlock would suffice.
They clung to each other. Curled into each other, seeking each other. Hot and hard. John was shaken by the answer. Sherlock was dead. Cold. Gone. For everyone. Except for him. He held the haggard figure in his arms, burning. Willing. Filled with adoration and insistence.
"This will help you sleep," John said. He hadn't turned on the lamp, stood in front of Sherlock in the living room's ambient night-time glow.
The name reverberated within him, and he needed a moment to gather himself. Then he finished reading the book, stunned at the little prince going to his death filled with longing and grief. Letting himself be bitten by the poisonous snake.
The leader walked around the circle of dancers, singing a lament. The people fell silent after a while, moved away from the fire and knelt down. The leader lifted a vessel high up over his head and hurled it into the fire. A hissing sound. The fire smoked and steamed, threatened to go out. An eerie stillness fanned out through the clearing. The pungent, bitter-sweet smell of freshly burnt blood reached John's nose and set all of his senses on edge. He knew that smell well. All too well. Was it human blood? John wasn't sure. It must have been a large amount. Were they too late? Had there already been a victim? Had the leader thrown the amputated genitals of a man into the fire along with the blood? Where was Sherlock?
"Shut up, Sherlock," John replied affectionately before setting about checking his email and blog too.
"Think of it as an option, John," Sherlock said in a conciliatory way. "It's nothing more than that. Let's just go and have a look."
"Listen," John said. "I'm going to be at that pond. One way or another. No one can stop me from going swimming. Not even you. And he doesn't know me."
"You were right, Mr Holmes," she said, holding out a piece of paper to Sherlock. "Anonymous 3 is none other than Callum McHattrick. The texts have the same vocabulary profile. A very eloquent Medieval Latin, by the way. You don't often see it."
A brief flare of surprise in Mycroft's eyes as his gaze passed over Sherlock. Sherlock didn't care. He needed access to John. Everything else was unimportant.
"They're meeting at Highgate Wood. But if I've understood correctly, the ceremony won't be held there, but at another site they haven't publicised yet."
Silence spread between them. A long, anxious silence. Sherlock pulled away from John, looked him in the eye.
John woke up when something bit his ear. It hurt, and he was wide awake at once. It still took him a couple of seconds to understand what was happening. He was lying on the wide divan in the relaxation room on the lower level of the Rosenfeld Centre, it was dark, and Sherlock was clinging to him. Sherlock's hoarse, desperate gasps in his ear.
John pressed his fist to his breastbone and inhaled deeply. Sinned in thought, word, and deed. Had he? Did guilt weigh heavy within him? What about Sherlock? John had no idea where the thought had come from. His heart started to burn under his hand. His breaths came quicker.
The picture drew John in as if by magic. It was unconventional. Large format. At least a metre and a half wide by one metre tall. A very large scale for a collage with crayon. It hung in Sherlock's room at the clinic. The initial impression it made was blue, misty, cool. But if you went closer and looked more carefully, there was a myriad of colours. Various blues, greens, whites, violets, reds, yellows, oranges. Wax crayons. Layer upon layer. Striking textures, broad strokes, as if someone had wielded the crayons boldly, with sweeping gestures up and down, back and forth in all directions, chaos superimposed on chaos. And yet there were small spaces densely filled with short, heavy lines as if someone had wanted to bury something there, cover it up, erase it. Beneath the layers of crayon, the collage shimmered through from underneath, sometimes close to the surface, sometimes buried deep beneath the colours. It was even possible to make out a few letters.
A brief glance from the perceptive eyes. "Even more so, in that case," the clockmaker said as he continued to write. "Don't put your friendship on the line. It's a valuable commodity. Believe me: I know what I'm talking about. Where shall I send the bill?"
Sherlock's eyes widened in shock. The question was so unexpected it knocked the air out of his lungs. He shuddered, took a long, deep breath. He was completely bowled over. By the question and by the emotions it triggered. There was fear. Fear and uncertainty. The connections revealed themselves like a chain in his mind's eye. A chain of betrayal, death and pain, the cause of which was his jump. Moriarty had burned a hole into his life that he would never be able to close. All the unhappiness had begun with that meeting at Bart's, with the lie that had excluded John, and at whose root was John himself.
Sherlock laid both crutches on the ground next to him and reached for the bag. He took out the violin case, opened it and extracted the bow, and tightened it. Next came the violin. It was out of tune from the flight and the fluctuations in temperature. He tuned it carefully. Mycroft stood beside him and watched Eurus. She was focused on reading her notes.
Sherlock took John's face in his hands, gazed into his eyes. A long time. Flames flared up between them, flickered their restless light across their faces. Sherlock pulled John close, embraced him, intimate and filled with fire.
Sherlock's hand slowly released the cotton material. He lowered his eyes, took a deep breath and let it out again, let his arm drop. The warm, muggy silence of the late-night living room surrounded them. The pinging of the heater. The grumble of the buses driving past, a constant background presence. Sherlock didn't respond.
"I made a mistake," Sherlock said slowly. "A fatal error. Perhaps the greatest one of my life." He took a deep breath. It seemed to be difficult for him to make this admission. His water-blue eyes sought John's. "I should have told you everything. A long time ago. I put our relationship on the line."
Mycroft's eyes were strangely flat when he fixed Sherlock with an assessing look. He removed a white envelope from the breast pocket of his suit jacket and held it out to Sherlock. His hand was shaking.
John was angry. Mycroft had returned him to Meiringen by the most direct route. He was back where he'd started out that morning. The Holmeses did whatever they wanted with him. He was never asked. And if his life truly was in danger, it was being around the Holmeses that made it so.
"I have data," he said as he went to the laptop and put the CD into the drive. "I found a CD in Verena Wilmer's safe and copied it. I'm no computer expert but as far as I can see it's about Copernicus."
"Identical," he said, more to himself than John. "I thought so. He virtually carried on an argument with himself. As McHattrick about the Green Chalice, and as Anonymous 3 about the Black Chalice. He traced it back to Albertus Magnus. And all to pull the wool over Phil Salisbury's eyes." Sherlock tapped on Phil's name, which was also taped to
Sherlock stared at John, then looked away from his friend, stunned. It was like being kicked in the gut. Unexpected. Painful. He felt sick. He tried to breathe. No. No. Sherlock shook his head.
"I want to visit Mary's grave," Sherlock said quietly, his voice thick. He didn't know exactly where the words had come from, nor why he was speaking so quietly.
Constable Hartley fetches us in a two-horse buggy, and brings us to the neighbouring farm of the murder victim. He and the Inspector have assembled everyone who might know something. Another neighbour allows us the use of her sitting room for the interviews. There is a brisk coming and going between the two properties. The people come over to be questioned, then go back to the other house to say their good-byes and offer comfort. The husband's sister is there with the children; the husband is prepared to speak to us.
"There's a man with that name at the club who I get on with," John said, once he'd collected himself somewhat.
"I'm sorry," the man said again gently. He was a giant – at least one metre ninety. Broad shoulders, flashy wedding ring on his finger. Probably somewhere between thirty and forty years old.
"As I said: the ideal person for this investigation. Please, John. We've overcome far more dangerous situations."
Mary was a professional, like him, someone with a heightened sense of danger and threat. Moriarty or someone pretending to be him had made sure that his exile was cut short, that he could be with John and Mary, that he saw the child. It was no coincidence. Someone was playing a game somewhere in the background. A frighteningly precise game. Mary knew it as well as he did. He had shot Magnussen, but it wasn't enough.
John looked up, meeting his friend's eyes. They were deep and warm in the reflection of the candle that stood on their table. It was unusual for Sherlock not to simply subsume the silence for himself, not filling it with his things, not speaking but giving John space.
John carefully slid the thin lockpick into the top of the lock and jiggled it a little. It caught. He moved the second slender pick up from the bottom of the lock and tried it. Nothing. Wrong pick. He took the next one out of the leather case and inserted it into the old-fashioned lock. Click. It snapped open. Sherlock's housebreaking tools always worked. John had retrieved them from Baker Street.
All right. Being in love could be part of a normal friendship. Sherlock clung to the thought. A normal friendship. What was normal? His jealousy? Perhaps. John giving up women entirely for his sake? No. Thinking about John all the time? Maybe. Not being able to live without John? No. The longing to touch? Yes. Touch was an ancient ritual of affirmation. That was fine. The desire for exclusivity? No. A man needed a woman. And maybe a friend. Both. The two things covered different emotional fields in the life of a man. They existed alongside each other, concurrently with each other, without anyone being hurt. Marriage and friendship, those things were compatible. But he, Sherlock, didn't need a woman. Didn't want one. He also didn't need a friend. Didn't want one, didn't know what he'd do with one. He didn't need anyone. He was enough for himself. The thing with John was different. It was on a completely different level. John was... Fuck. It was all much more complicated than he'd thought at first.
Mrs Hudson set the tray on the table. Sherlock dug his fingers into the chair and closed his eyes when she began pouring the tea into the cups.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. "It's the right trail. I'm sure of it. But I must have overlooked something. I simply don't know what."
Now that everything is different. The flat. Me. John. Everything. The only thing that has remained is the cases. We are working on cases again, John and I. Together. That's the thing that's stayed closest to how it used to be. But even that is different. There's Rosie, for one thing. Mrs Hudson minds her when we're out. Molly too, sometimes. I spoke to Molly. I told her the truth: that I love her, that she's my friend. She is. I do love her. She's done so much for me. I trust her completely. But I can't be what she wants. I can love more than one person. I know that now. But there is no one I love in such an existential way as I do John. She understood. I am eternally grateful to her for that.
John propped himself up to look into Sherlock's eyes, the blue still adrift with lust. "Don't even think about it," he warned lightly. "We're going to take a nice, long shower first. Together."
"Shortly before Thomas left, he gave me his candle and the uncut diamond he'd removed from it. He'd mended the candle with a new ornamentation. He said I should consider the gem a token of his love, and pass the candle on to his partner, Ethan Tierney."
Sherlock drove to HMP Holloway with Lestrade. The forensics team was still at work. Outlines of bodies were drawn on the washroom floor with black chalk. The police photographer was taking pictures. Sherlock reviewed the scene. Mary and another body had lain all the way in the corner, very close together. The woman -- or maybe several -- must have moved in on Mary, probably forcing her into the corner. One of the women must have been armed, had probably pressed the muzzle of the gun to Mary's temple. The phone call must have taken place here. The third body had been by the door. That was the woman who must have shot Mary, since the shot had come from a distance. Where had Rose been? In her statement, she'd said that she'd shot both of the women who had threatened Mary.
"I've made contact with the computer guy. We're working on it." John's voice sounded muted and tense through the phone.
Uncertainty in front of a steep wall. Then he saw the path. It was signalled by the usual white-blue-white marking found up here in the mountains. A safe passage. It was quiet. Here in the shade of the ravine, the moisture from the night still clung to the mountain, clammy; the smell of water and insensate cold. The panting coming from his own body too loud. Was Sherlock walking this very trail somewhere? What about Moriarty? There was another way to get to the Dossen lodge, from the Urbach valley. Were they coming that way? Or was Sherlock being dropped off by helicopter? How about Moriarty?
John nodded weakly. He sat on the floor of the padded cell, leaning dully against one wall. On his forehead, he sported a purpled wound that had already been stitched up. His grey eyes were glassy and unfocused. He was obviously having difficulty concentrating. The dimly lit, entirely white room was hazy, not offering any anchor point for the eye and making it difficult to orient oneself even without being pumped full of psychopharmaceuticals.
No glorified light in the blue eyes. Mary's gaze was lucid and matter-of-fact. John had leaned over the mobile cot standing next to Mary's bed in the meantime.
The door was wide open. John went in. Smells from the kitchen. Someone singing softly. A woman's voice. John made sure his gun was close at hand inside his hiking jacket. Then he peered into the room. A woman stood at the sink, slender and wiry, short dark hair. Middle-aged. Maybe around forty. She was peeling potatoes and singing to herself. She looked up as John stepped into the doorway. A smile.
"We offer an option to priests who  feel drawn to other men," Gerome had replied to the question of what the original purpose of the brotherhood was. "We take them off the market, in a manner of speaking, by binding them to another priest. That makes it possible for both to fulfill their vocation in Christ without the need to live in constant temptation. It gives them both a sense of peace, strengthens their faith and concentrates their spiritual power. Priests who are struggling with their sexuality aren't free for Christ, they're not free for their calling. I won't need to explain that to you. And men who don't live their sexuality are unable to access the deepest, innermost spiritual secrets, which involve both the body AND the spirit. That is the purpose of the brotherhood."
Sherlock searched his memory for an atlas. The Atlantic. Coastlines. The freighter would either head southwest for the open sea and then follow the South American coast down. Or it would take the route south along the European coast. That was more likely in this case.
Sherlock's clear eyes. Still uncertain for a brief moment. A lingering gaze into John's. A dull shadow in the icy blue. John didn't know exactly what it was. Worry. Fear. Sadness.
Lestrade tilted his chin in the direction where two police officers were helping the killer into a car. He was powerfully built, older, his hands handcuffed behind his back and covered in mud from head to toe.
My life has become cold and empty. I have no more ambition since he left. Yes. I admit it. Things are hollow without him. Life. Even more hollow. Even more trivial. A skeleton counting down the hours, its bones picked clean, the seconds chasing through it in stormy gusts. Minutes. Hours. Days. Meaningless. Day-to-day existence nothing more than tedium and disinclination. One day identical to the next. Worthless. One night identical to the next. Senseless. Disposable goods.
"Yeah. It's all going perfectly. But I can't talk here. It's the silent hour and there's not a peep anywhere. I don't know who else is in the guesthouse and how well sound carries through the walls."
"What business is it of yours?" John asked. He didn't pose the question aggressively. He was too bowled over by Celine's straightforward words for that. He wanted to know. That was all.
"I liked him. And he liked me. I couldn't forget his offer. Until the point when the ritual bound us together, there was still a chance in his mind that I would break it off once and for all with my ex and go with him. He didn't try to hide it."
"You'll get everything I know," she said, "including the royal treasure, as I believe I know where it is. In return, you promise to keep the press profile low," the nun proposed.
The early morning sun was shining through the window when John woke up. Sherlock's side of the bed was empty. John heard the shower running. Sherlock came back into the room a little while later. He was nude, rubbing his hair dry with the towel.
"You can stay here as long as you want." A hint of a smile on Sherlock's face. "Inofficially, if you like. You know that."
family, the most common butterfly in Western Europe. A tumultuous mating game. So much life. So much free, unrestrained life, caught up as it were in a dream.
Eurus stood in the middle of her cell, her back to the glass partition, playing her violin. She didn't react when Sherlock entered. Sherlock didn't recognise the piece she was playing. It sounded wild and strange. Restless, chasing motifs that suddenly stopped on an unexpected note for a breathless moment, only to continue the chase, then stop, chase, and finally, in an abrupt turnabout, resolve into a startlingly familiar classical cadence, only to begin the chase anew after a brief pause for breath. Sherlock listened, fascinated. He couldn't place the music. Either Eurus was improvising or she was practising one of her own compositions. She composed without writing anything down. She composed in her head, then practised and played from memory.
"Very good. You are a strong Warrior and Lover," Martin said. "And now try to find your weakest side."
I do not wish to ride. I hate riding. But it will take too long for us to reach the scene on foot. Watson coaxes me. The creature is a large, powerful mare with a long back; she will be able to bear us both to the village.
"I'm seeing him this afternoon," Sherlock replied. He rapidly made his way out of the morgue and decided not to hear Molly's "He loves you, Sherlock."
"Thank you, Sherlock," he said softly before withdrawing his hand a while later, when the waiter came back with the bill.
Gerome took a sip of his tea. He seemed to be thinking about something. Finally, he said, "Your partner should join us."
"But it doesn't make any sense, Sherlock. Both of the victims looked as if they died willingly. It doesn't make sense to connect it to these crown jewels. We've overshot, Sherlock."
"Before the manor was turned into a club, it belonged to a chemistry professor who taught at the local university. He laid out the gardens, experimented with plants and herbal essences. He had a bit of a reputation as an alchemist and a mad scientist. His name was Lucius Krambold. Lucius' Gardens became Lucifer's Gardens at some point. That's all."
Mycroft had contacted Sherlock the day after he'd disappeared. He'd come to Baker Street to tell him: Sophie was alive. He'd made sure of it himself the night before, which was why he hadn't been able to meet or even contact Sherlock, otherwise he would have given away his location, apologies. Sherlock had had a fit. Luckily, John had been out making arrangements for Mary's funeral. Sherlock didn't know how he would have reacted to the news. Sophie was safe. Mycroft had known it the whole time but kept silent. It was one of those times when Sherlock wished his brother would go to hell, wanted to curse his arrogance and his bloody ignorance. At the same time, though, he was grateful that Mycroft had inserted himself, had taken care of Sophie and solved the problem.
Last time, Sherlock had been gone when John returned from the reunion, hadn't turned up for two days, and didn't say anything about where he'd been. He'd merely asked, "So how was the weekend with your friend?" Annoyed, John had answered that lots of his mates had been there, not just Sholto. They hadn't spoken of it again.
"Stop making fun of things like that, Sherlock." John said it calmly, but the growl in the undertone was clearly audible.
The old lady had continued, a little sourly, "You've lived together so long. And it doesn't look like that's going to change. What's the problem?"
John let Sherlock shuffle him over to the bed, took off his shoes, trousers, jumper and shirt. He lay down, numb and overwhelmed, crawled under the blankets. Sherlock had already taken the key back to use the toilet, had forced him to eat some of the soup. John had let him. Sherlock's explanations had made sense, somehow, and ended up placating him after a while. Irene Adler was dying. The duplicity would end with her death. Sherlock's words ran circles in John's head.
Sherlock placed the little girl on her stomach across his good leg, took off his jacket, and laid it next to him on the sheet of metal they were sitting on. Then he put Rosie onto it. His leg hurt like the devil from the twisting motion he made as he removed her booties from her feet and took off her trousers. She wore a onesie underneath, with snaps between the legs. Sherlock undid them and pulled the shirt up, then took off the nappy. It was full and smelled horrible. Sherlock grimaced in disgust. Then he folded up the nappy and threw it as far away as he could. Rosie's bottom was soiled, so Sherlock took out his handkerchief, wet it in the puddle on the ground, and washed the little girl. He decided to write off the handkerchief as a lost cause. Then he did up the onesie again and tried to put her trousers back on. It took quite a lot of coaxing. Rosie wasn't crying anymore and seemed to be feeling much better. Sherlock's voice seemed to calm and revive her. She wriggled and huffed, trying to get away from Sherlock. He picked her up, lifting her over his head with both hands.
They were in a private clinic. The best. Sergej watched over John, who insisted on seeing Sherlock immediately. Sergej could visit Andrej any time. He was his son. John didn't count as a relative, just a friend. He wasn't married to Andrej. Only to Sherlock. But there was no Sherlock here. John stuck to the story and Sergej didn't ask, just made sure John could see his partner.
Sherlock examined the surroundings. The day was starting, and street traffic was picking up. Noise was coming from the nearby road to the west, and now and then a private vehicle drove slowly past the fountain, residential commuters making their way over to the western road. It was a six-minute walk to the new residential flats where John lived. Sherlock walked the route slowly, taking everything in. It was a quiet path that led to the back of the property. The main entrance connected to the street to the west. Sherlock followed the footpath along the outside of the building to the entry.
John closed the file cabinet again and poked around the office. There was a safe. John looked for the key to it. The usual hiding places. Bookcase, vases, behind pictures, all of the sills higher than eye level, all of the filing trays. Phil didn't seem to take much care with hiding things. John didn't find the key, but he did find a badge in one of the filing trays. It didn't open the safe, but it did give him access to the part of the drug cabinet that was normally off-limits. John opened the cabinet and took quick stock, made a mental note of a couple of unfamiliar medications in order to look them up later. It was time for him to make his next round, so he left the rooms he shouldn't have been in in the first place, planning to continue his investigation during his next night shift, having a look at Oscar, Ralf, Darian and Seal as well.
"The machine is off the runway, the surrounding area is cordoned off. Only the two experts are on board," Mycroft said. "… were on board," he corrected himself. "There's nothing more to be done for them." His voice was controlled, but his face was ashen, his lips a thin, hard line.
Up to now, he had only found that longed-for freedom in the satiation and calm following their unions. It didn't last. Not even for a day. Not yet.
Sherlock caught the young mother's eye. She swallowed. Knew as soon as she met Sherlock's gaze that the odd man was something special. Understood at the same time the other man who loved him. Understood the fascination. And understood that what he said about Amy was true.
John put his hand over his mouth so he wouldn't shout out loud. He felt the strength leave his legs, his vision went black. He reached for the wall to hold himself up, then he sank down against it, gasping, sat down on the stairs, bereft of energy. His heart was racing, he struggled to breathe. Tears flooded his eyes. He couldn't control them. Sherlock.
John smelled incense and opened his eyes. One of the officiants was walking around the circle with a thurible, wafting smoke at each man. A thick cloud blew toward John's body, rising into his face, into his head, enveloping him, making him dizzy. The heavy, bitter-sweet scent settled around him like a cloak. Around the circle of men, whose voices fell silent at the end of the psalm. The warm hands on John's right and left let go of him, and he knelt down on the cold stone floor with the others.
John looked into the clergyman's hoary eyes, which regarded him with a benign knowing. They were sitting in the lounge of the guesthouse having afternoon tea. They were the only ones there, everyone else having hurried off to the church for vespers.
He lifted his hand. A narrow platinum band between his thumb and index finger. The light reflected off it as he turned and rolled it, looking at it closely.
"You're right," Sherlock continued. "I inserted myself. I didn't want to leave you alone." And following a brief hesitation: "I couldn't sleep."
"The diamonds are moulded into the candles," Sherlock whispered lasciviously as his tongue lapped at John's lips. "The candles that are given to the priests and their partners during the bonding ritual. They're kept in some secret location, guarded by a fire-breathing dragon."
Sholto's healthy hand rested on the table, relaxed. John felt for it. Their hands closed over each other and they looked at each other the way they often had out in the field before battles and unwinnable encounters, ready to die for each other. Ready to lose themselves.
"We'll figure it out, John. Oh God!" Sherlock moaned when his fingers brushed the firm lump in John's trousers.
"For the love of God, where is Sherlock!" John shouted into the telephone, and Mycroft said disparagingly, "Get yourself together, John! He'll be back. He's always returned to you before, hasn't he?" He sounded so disgusted that John had to check himself before he yelled at Mycroft.
He said it without opening his eyes, without moving at all. He sat there motionless, leaning against the wall. John was surprised, didn't know what to do with that. He had been prepared for anything but those words coming out of the mouth of this man. Not now. He felt keenly his inability to respond. He was too upset, too wounded, too directionless. He simply sat there, leaning against the wall next to Sherlock, his eyes closed.
I finger the dried berries through the material of the handkerchief in my pocket as the Doctor and I stroll at a leisurely pace through the countryside back to our cottage. It is just outside the next village, and we are enjoying the extended walk, happy to be free of all those people. Watson is busily retelling what he has found out. We have discovered much in the course of the day, and I must confess that a picture is beginning to take shape in my head, in which the suspects are becoming more and more clear.
John and Sherlock exchanged a look. John knew that he for one did not want to discuss it; wasn't even able to. The bites on the crook of his neck stung, and the stinging ran down to his lap like an invisible thread of memory. He could still feel Sherlock on his body, clinging to him, blind with ecstasy, his teeth buried in his flesh. Even now. He couldn't even begin to process what had happened. It was too new, too recent, too unfathomable.
John struggled with himself. Then he turned around in Sherlock's arms, keeping enough distance to be able to see Sherlock's eyes. Two glowing spots in the dark. Too dark. John touched Sherlock's face briefly with his fingers.
John chose the items to pack in his suitcase with care. Underwear, street clothes. The clerical garb: alb, cassock, a plain stole. He settled the chalice wrapped in white linen in between the clothes, placing the Bible, catechism and liturgical book on top of everything else. That was all he needed as an army chaplain who had served in Afghanistan. The most important item was the small wooden box with the phial of consecrated olive oil for the sacrament of the anointing of the sick and dying. Greg had provided him with everything he'd asked for.
Upper Pond. That was quite close by. A couple of people were putting the fire out now, separating the coals, pouring water over them, dumping dirt on top and then laying something over it all that John couldn't make out. Most of them came in groups down the footpath now. The route to Upper Pond led in the other direction. John waited. He didn't set out until it was completely quiet on the ritual grounds. He walked through the woods, navigating with his phone.
Sherlock sat down in his chair and picked up his violin. Played the melody. He'd written it down, analysed and disassembled it. He knew it by heart already, had it in his ear, in his fingers. It had a gentle yet distinct breaking point which also functioned as a culmination, a climax, unintentional, almost playful, as if fate had made an arbitrary decision at an unexpected point.
John sighed, annoyed, but handed over the wine-red booklet he still held in his hands. The woman opened it and glanced at John before nodding, satisfied.
"He won't. There are four of us, all covering and protecting each other. How can he prove anything? No, don't worry. The gentlemen from London will leave and our constabulary is much too stupid. But we should still be careful. Best you don't show up here for a while, James. Go on back home." Boon gives Waugh a comradely clap on the shoulder.
It had taken four sessions to arrive at the point at which they were now. The point that hurt. That hurt so much Sherlock didn't want to see it. That sucked all the strength out of his body when he looked at it.
Sherlock sat down next to John in the narrow pew, looked toward the partition between the chancel and the nave at the front, a painted wooden screen with a triptych. It blocked the view of the women singing and separated the religious order's part of the church from the public side. The bewitchingly pure sound of the Gregorian chant rose over the partition, up into the plain, Romanesque vaulted ceiling, floating through the room, filling it with a purity that settled over them like a cloak, surrounding them completely. Its presence was so compelling that it was impossible to think.
Sherlock had asked three years ago. Whether they had any kind of regular contact. And John recalled saying no and expressing the hope that they would keep in contact after the wedding. An unsatisfactory answer for Sherlock. John hadn't realised it until later.
The realisation wouldn't leave John alone. He thought about Sherlock and the thought pained him. Pained him more than ever before. He felt guilty. He also thought about Sherlock as he sat across from James, looking into the wonderfully clear blue eyes. The rims of their wine glasses touched, emitting a light, lingering tone.
His eyes were so beautiful and full of pain that it took my breath away. I rested my hand against his temple.
Sherlock held John's hands still, tried to stop the caresses. But it was too late. They both knew it. They couldn't go back. Didn't want to. They lay in each other's arms, their cheeks pressed together, breathing hotly.
"A few months. We met during a retreat and immediately hit it off, then stayed in contact. We were very close, spiritually."
John's eyes on him. Lingering. Serious. Tender. Gentle. Full of love. John stayed. That was all: he stayed. Stayed with him. Close. Didn't say anything. He stayed and remained silent. Sherlock loved him for that. More than he could comprehend.
Sherlock's words came fast and low. John was affronted at first, felt the impulse to flee twitch in his fingers, even as he fought against it at the same time. He sought contact with the pale blue eyes, studied them. The firm grip of their hands. Holding each other fast. Their combined strength. Sherlock was right. Warmth suffused John, flowed from his hands out into his body, relaxed him. Oxytocin. The touch changed things between them, forestalled an argument.
Lestrade was waving at him from the other side of the office. He had the profiles of the two Interpol agents working on Copernicus on his screen. To be precise, Lestrade was logged in to the Interpol database.
. A neurotoxin. Coniine. It caused paralysis of the respiratory tract while the victim was still fully conscious. It was used for executions. And suicides.
"No, Callum!" John switched tactics to beg, and he was dead serious in doing so. "Please. Callum. I'm afraid for my partner."
Had he expected Sherlock to laugh? Shrug it off? Mock him? Make fun? Lecture him on how ridiculous humans were with their pursuit of immortality and insistence on wanting to have a soul, that touch of the divine if possible, all humbug, no one had ever seen a soul, it was all wishful thinking and a tool for the church to keep people weak and ignorant, to comfort them with a hereafter so that they didn't realise they were being manipulated and exploited? What is a soul supposed to be anyway, hm? A bunch of esoteric tommyrot. We're made of flesh and blood, a complex system, yes, but one that can be discovered and examined. You as a doctor should know that. Stick to the facts, John!
"Is it so hard to have a bit of faith in me?" John asked. "To let me out of your sight for two months?"
"I'm in love with you, John," he said. It came out clear and firm, but the sentence cost him everything he had. His pulse was racing. His hand was shaking like a leaf. His entire body was shaking like a leaf. He heard John take a gasping breath. Confusion. Fear. A wave of panic. John's heavy breathing in his ear. Struggling for composure. No response. Just breathing. A dry swallow. Breathing. Heart racing. Swooning. Sherlock tried to get through it. Just get through it. A painful tug on his hair. Take a breath. Keep walking down the street. Just walk. Keep going.
"He has the run of the place now," he explained. "The midwife will take care of the patient, John can look around and do what he's there for."
The words startle me, setting off a whirlwind of fear inside me. I am afraid that Watson might leave. Terribly afraid. I am afraid he might return to London without me, and from there out of my life. Go his own way. Another way. Leave me. I gaze into Watson's eyes, not knowing what to do or say. I want Watson to stay with me. Now. Today. Tomorrow. Always. Always.
John nodded silently. He didn't know what he might have said. The remark about Sherlock's loneliness hit him hard, hurt surprisingly much. A cold steel blade sinking into his heart. Was Sherlock lonely? The secrets he carried around with him, that he wasn't even able to entrust to John, his partner of many years. Sergej was right. Sherlock must be lonely. Very lonely. They finished their coffee.
A half hour later, the evidence was all gathered. Sherlock and John went back to the car waiting on the other side of the barricade tape. Dave, Margret, and four other members of the Celtic Circle who had been swimming in Upper Pond were standing there, having been stopped by the police officers.
The porter took his time noting down the number of the guest badge with the access authorisations, put it into a clear plastic holder with a clip and slid it through the gap in the window along with the Canadian employee ID.
They stood across from each other in the kitchen doorway, their eyes locked on each other. Both unsettled. A shudder ran through Sherlock's body. He was shaking. Why was it so hard, so hard to communicate on this level?
Sergej swallowed. "I'm sorry," he whispered. And after several heartbeats: "You must hate the driver."
Then came the street. An ironmonger on the corner. There was a gap in the wall there, a wrought iron gate leading into a small inner courtyard filled with scrap metal. Someone was welding metal in an open-air workspace. The man wore a welding mask and was focused on the piece he was bent over working on. The gas flame hissed. Sparks flew around. Sherlock walked past him unnoticed into a back garden. A whole row of little back gardens that had apparently been built in the protected space between the two rows of old, back-to-back brick houses. Sherlock climbed over fences, through vegetable patches, and under closely packed clotheslines.
"I realise," he said, "that you have a real child now who needs you. You don't need another one like me to take care of as well."
"Get dressed. Don't waste time. Take your phone and call me as soon as you're sitting in the taxi. Have you understood?"
Sherlock hadn't said anything about the call to John. Not yet. Not before Mary was found. He'd told Lestrade, and given him the phone number he'd memorised as well while John had been attending to the other casualties. He'd asked Lestrade to check it out right away.
"Yes." Sherlock summoned up all of his strength. "Yes, I'm in love, John," he said. John's pained breaths were so close it knocked the air out of his lungs. His pulse was pounding hard throughout his body, too loud to his own ears.
Lestrade slapped the young man on the shoulder in praise, but he only rolled his eyes. He looked exhausted and didn't say anything. John took a good look at him. Tired, red eyes glanced over briefly before quickly looking away. John could only guess at what the young man had been through. He must have pretended he was in love with a murderer for weeks, courted him. Who knew with what methods, and at what cost.
Sherlock had expected something along those lines, but the significance of that statement hit him hard. He'd never doubted, not even for a moment, that the memory stick would contain the correct information about Mary's past. How naive! He wouldn't be able to tell John, could never tell him. It would break his heart.
Sherlock took the light-coloured, leather-bound display binder down from the shelf. John would like it; it was his style. Simple, traditional manufacture. His eye had been drawn to it immediately. It was heavier than he'd expected. Calfskin. The edges sewn. Sherlock turned it over in his hands, opened it, checked the seams. Lovely workmanship. The binder felt soft and agreeable in his hand. The leather was fine, pale, even and smooth. Sherlock ran his fingers over it, fascinated by the warm texture and the intimacy of the sensation.
Sherlock stopped where he was. "Yes," he said. "As far as I know that is the usual procedure. The copyright remains with the author unless there's some contract in place. Why do you ask?"
Sherlock's damp body, aroused as far as it would go and beyond. His beseeching kisses, his demanding hands. His imploring pleas. And finally his decisive actions. So much lubricant on John's cock. Sherlock's slim fingers spreading it, slow and lascivious. Sherlock's aroused gasp when he smeared the grease into his hole. His hoarse entreaty: "John, please."
Sherlock was shocked at how close he was to simply doing it. Why didn't he? What was he afraid of? It wasn't John's reaction. Because John had allowed Sherlock to hug him, in a moment of emotional weakness. John had not only allowed it, he had collapsed against Sherlock and wept into his chest. Sherlock had caressed him, run his fingers through John's hair and down his back, held him tight. And at some point, John had put his arms around Sherlock and they'd been so close, so incredibly close. He'd felt John's rapid heartbeat against his body, the dampness from his tears against his cheek, which he'd pressed to John's; the strength in John's arms as they held him, the heat between them. His brain had switched off. All he'd known was that John was with him. With him completely. And that it was good. Unbelievably good. Balm to his wounded soul and battered body. He'd only had one thought: that he always wanted to have John that close. His warmth, his strength, his smell. John. Just John.
"I guess so. These were priests, though. They're familiar with the kinds of spirits they might run into there."
"No. We run the ritual with whoever comes. Sight unseen. There's no selection process. Whoever heard about it and reacted to it is who's there."
"He was able to bewitch the murderer. A months-long operation under the most difficult conditions imaginable. Excellent work."
The growling in the background couldn't be overheard. They held each other's gaze silently. Sadness flickered in Sherlock's eyes. John closed his for a few seconds, trying not to let the new wave of disappoinment rising in him gain the upper hand. But he was sure he was going to require Sherlock to wear their wedding band in Sussex. He knew that spite was part of the reason for the demand. But for God's sake, he had the right to ask his husband to own up to him. Visibly. Ever since he'd seen him wearing the ring with Irene, he was no longer willing to accept any excuses.
John sat on the chair he'd indicated. Mycroft gave him a thorough once-over, not speaking, his eyebrows raised slightly. Creases formed on his forehead. He was unusually sombre. John felt uncomfortable beneath the probing gaze, but decided to wait until the other man spoke. Mycroft took his time. He inhaled sharply, absent-mindedly shuffled some papers around on his desk.
He couldn't recall ever having truly prayed before. He buried his face in his hands and closed his eyes. He breathed in the dusky warmth of his hands, and calm slowly spread through him. A heavy, painful calm.
Sherlock didn't say anything. He rested his elbows on the table, buried his face in his hands. He appeared to be thinking. John waited.
Sherlock looked over at the attendant, who nodded. John was no danger anymore in his sedated state. Sherlock slid closer to him and tugged him in by the shoulders to loosen the ties on his back. John let himself flop forward, let his forehead sink down heavily onto Sherlock's shoulder. He smelled of medicine and some strong detergent or other, mixed with the bitter, acrid scent of sweat and stress. While Sherlock undid the ties on his back, John whispered into his neck, the smouldering energy of a volcano beneath the hot stream of his breath.
Sherlock paused, surprised. He had let his fingers play, not analysing the sequence of notes until now. It was a fascinating theme. Actually two, an ascending one and a second, descending one. One that breathed in, another that breathed out. Sherlock knew immediately that he was going to compose something with it. A piece. Maybe even variations. Maybe for John. That seemed to be a task he could occupy himself with over the upcoming days and nights to fill the time.
Sherlock wasn't responding to the texts John had sent him. Calls to his mobile went directly to voice mail. John had left two or three messages, asking for him to call back. Sherlock hadn't replied. John had also left a voice mail for Mycroft. Radio silence there as well.
John thought he must not have heard right. "Excuse me? Forget it, Sherlock. The church is locked up. We can't just go in there."
The whiskey felt good after the strenuous afternoon and the discussions at the Yard. Sherlock and John were sitting in a booth tucked away in the back corner of a bar on the edge of town. The lights were dimmed and the mood was relaxed and mellow. John enjoyed being out in his own clothes, without the cassock. Simply jeans and a jumper. Simply going out without having to worry about the fact that being a priest was always associated with certain demands; always. Sherlock had taken the cross off his lapel that afternoon already, when they'd gone to the Yard. Afterwards, they'd gone for Asian fast food, just like the old days. And then they'd decided to end the evening on a casual note. Despite all of the problems they faced.
We do not linger at our meal. We make sure that we are alone in the house, take towels, bucket, curd soap and brush, and go out to the well. The heat has become even more oppressive, the air even more humid. The first rumblings of thunder are audible in the distance. We wash in the nude as we did the previous evening. But this time is different. The knowledge that we are alone is like a drug that makes us dizzy.
But Sherlock didn't stop or even turn. He simply lifted one hand as he kept walking. It wasn't clear whether the gesture meant 'till later' or 'leave me alone'.
"Who will be with us during the preparatory phase?" Sherlock asked. He didn't seem very bothered by what was ahead of them.
Fifteen minutes? Mycroft was coming to him? That wasn't a good sign. John tried to reach Sherlock again, but the call didn't even go through to his phone.
"Possible. But unlikely. Lestrade's people might be incredibly thick, but they at least make an effort not to contaminate a crime scene further. This chapel is kept spotless. We can assume it was also spotless at the time of the murder. There's no clay anywhere nearby outside." Sherlock took a plastic baggie out of his coat pocket and dropped in the pebble with the crumbs of clay clinging to it. "Let's go by the morgue after this, John. I need to know whether there are any traces of clay on the body. But first Stean Whitehead. I hope he's in a fit state to talk now."
The club was nearly empty at this time of day. Callum sat in the office this time, taking care of some administrative work in front of the computer. One of the men who ran the bar was drying glasses and putting them away. The door in the back of the library was locked. John considered breaking it down, but then he went to Callum in the office and asked for the key to the ritual rooms.
Was he ready? He hadn't wanted to come. Mary in her maternity bed. The mysterious glow her eyes of a woman who had just given birth. Suffered pain to bring a new human being into the world; an unknown person, created out of John and Mary's genetic material. Pushed forth into the world. Pushed forth onto them, John and Mary and him. Into this unsettled, dangerous environment. An innocent creature. Dependent. Defenseless. Exposed. The drama of a new life. He'd sworn to protect this new stranger.
Pleasure bubbled up in him, like a volcano about to erupt. All of his senses were heightened, he could feel every bead of sweat on his skin, every spring of the mattress moving, Sherlock's moans were deafening in his ear. His heart pounded viciously in his chest, as if it were about to burst out, and it felt like it too. He could've looked at it from a medical view, as sexual stimulation did provoke a higher heart rate, but in the moment, John couldn't give two shits about that. He was in the final stretch, Sherlock had began to relieve himself with his hands, and John's stomach was in the firing range, not that he minded. John increased his tempo as his primitive urge overtook him. It demanded more, faster, faster faster! He was on the cusp, his moans descended into desperate, loud grunts.
“Moriarty has poisoned us, I walked into a waiter when I left the restaurant, and I hadn't noticed it back then but he had watched me leave... it was him to put the poison into our food... When we had gone into the bathroom just anybody had followed us, and he actually had wanted to help. We have only interpreted it as a threat... Do you remember what he said? “Oh, oh you think this is a threat? I just wanted to pay a visit to my favourite restaurant as I recognized you two. How could I have known that I'd interrupt your sweet tête-à-tête?” He really meant that... he wasn't Moriarty and what he said was true... Our heads have turned it into something dangerous... I'm sorry John, I should have known.“
Sherlock called a cab and told the driver to bring him away. When he was sat down, he sent a message to John.
John hummed when the male asked about whether he knew about any places that they could eat, the man slowly retracting his hands off Sherlock when he noticed the gesture hadnt been noticed. The doctor glanced away briefly and slowly shrugged his shoulders "hmm... There is a nice Bakery which does some awesome sausage rolls and sandwiches?" He suggested to the detective, raising his hand up to hail them a taxi "It will be my treat" he said firmly before glancing back at him, a bright look in his eyes "Its not a date though" he teased, however the look on his face and his tone of voice made it very difficult for the sociopath to know if he was being serious or Joking. John hummed and told the Cabbie of the address before leaning back into his seat, watching the detective slip in besides him. John watched him quietly for a few moments before giving him a grin as he looked his way "So.... Molly has a crush on you" he said simply, deciding to bring up the topic "Gunna give her a go?" He asked slowly, jealousy flooding through his tone of voice
John took in a deep breath in an attempt to overcome the approaching wave of emotion and covered his mouth with his hand. He felt his brow crease, and his chin underneath his hand tremble. He could barely register his surroundings, save for the spot on the floor his vision was focused on, it was like his world had blurred into a fog around him, engulfing him.
She screamed and clawed at Sherlock's face with her nails, cat-style. He continued to pull harshly on her long hair, even ripping out some blonde strands. Her scalp felt like it was on fire, but she wouldn't give up. A mixture of stubbornness and the help of a easily-pressurised mother made a deadly result. This son of a bitch detective was nothing compared to the fights she had gotten into at pubs and clubs. She would make sure he came out with scars.
"Yeah, a great big bloody headache. Anyone would've noticed that..." John wiped his face, "Why am I so lethargic? I had 6 hours sleep, before... well...."
John heard the muffled distorted voice of Sherlock beside him, and nodded absent-mindedly, anything to make himself feel normal, or give the expression. He felt cold.... Like the warmth had left him a cadaver, ready for dissection by Mr. J Moriarty, the napoleon of crime. Today's focus: the brain. If you press on this bit here, you can induce fear, pain, and even kickstart a mental breakdown if you're lucky. It seemed that Moriarty had a natural flair for causing all three of them. John had gotten over the first hurdle: shock, and was making a quick journey to the second: realisation. Realisation was like a cancer, it set deep in your body, and ate it's way towards guilt. It turned your bones to ice, hard and brittle, ready for guilt to come along and break them. For John, it bared resemblance to the frog and boiled water experiment. If you place a frog in water, and gradually heat it, the frog's body adapts to the temperature, until ultimately, it boils to death before it realises what was happening. Realisation was growing, heating up like the water. But John was still cold. John was cold, like the man in the bathroom. Only, John was still living.
He closed his eyes and didn't even want to think about it... the thought of John's death dragged him right back to the state he had been in before. He started to tremble.
He made a pause and thought a moment before he continued: “I'm on your side, don't forget that. Whatever will happen, we'll go through this together.”
John had leaned over to him, his eyes were full of worry. Of course he was worried! Sherlock looked terribly ill.
"Sherlock I can practically feel your eyes boring into me." John said after a drink, he didn't turn around.
John sighed. "Here's the thing Sherlock, I'm not the only one that needs protecting. It works both ways. I want to protect you too, but it's not one sided." John said, his words softer now that he had heard the tremble in Sherlock's voice, "I'm not completely helpless, as aren't you, but don't make me feel like I am." John said gently, "Please."
"John!", Sherlock shouted as he heard him scream and wince. What was happening? He tried to figure what it was but couldn't, tried to talk to John to know what. it. was. John held his head, an apoplexy? No, he hadn't shown any sign for that before. This... no. No! Then John fell of his chair. "JOHN!", Sherlock could only scream and fell down to his knees next to him, "John, what's going on?! For god's sake, John! Tell me! Talk to me! John!" He was very well aware that John couldn't talk now, but he was helpless. Sherlock wasn't a doctor, he didn't know what to do! He made attempts to help John, to touch him, but he knew that nothing he'd do could work. "HELP!", he screamt through the house, unable to leave John's side.
“John, what are you doing?”, Sherlock asked in wonder, although he was happy about being close to him it was kind of surprising, too.
So we went upstairs, without meeting Mrs. Hudson and her irritating comments, which was conspicious enough already. She usually only needed to hear the front door opening and she knew we were here. Maybe she was busy. But with what should she be busy?
Sherlock kept standing in the door frame. “Good evening, Mrs. Watson”, he said firmly with a nod as she mentioned him, “I'm Sherlock.”
John tried to focus on Sherlock's voice, although he was the last person he wanted to talk to. His words became clearer and distinguishable now, John heard him try to explain and apologise. He began to notice his surroundings again, the window to his left, the wardrobe in front of him. He blinked. It wasn't Sherlock's fault, he had only tried to protect him, from precisely this. But, did that mean that Moriarty had nothing to do with this the entire time? And what happened to the body? He wanted to ask Sherlock these questions, but his mouth refused to work. One thing John wanted desperately, was to have Sherlock pull him closer, and hold him tight, to not let go. "Wh..." He gulped, "Where did the body go?" His voice sounded strange and unattached from his body. He hated it.
He walked up and down the restroom. They only had a short amount of time until somebody from the restaurant would enter and this scene was pretty clear. It was just an ordinary murder. John was the offender... Maybe this even was what Moriarty had wanted! Being shot, John to be arrested, Sherlock and John separated.
When Sherlock felt John moving at his hips he opened his mouth as he probably would have moaned if it had been more than a brush, but the sweet expectation excited him as well. Yes, please. Continue, John. He had intended to say them out loud, but didn't in the end. But he loved what John was doing.
“I'm fine”, I replied, maybe a bit too harsh, “But what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with Mary?”
“Since when do you need other people to solve the case for you? Aren't you smart enough anymore? I'm disappointed in you, ordinary Sherlock.“
“Me too”, Sherlock whispered and placed a kiss on John's head, “I have known the second we met that we belonged together. And I will never let you go again. I'm sorry for all the hurt I caused you, John”, he continued while holding him close and dearly, “I thought it would be for your best to push you away, that it would be the only way to keep you safe. I just couldn't lose you... please, forgive me...”
Sherlock tumbled backwards as she hit him and screamed out of pain. Ugh, this stupid bitch! Why couldn't she just... stop?! Be a normal person that took care of John? John. He was alone in the kitchen now. Wouldn't it be much more... helpful if he went to... help him? When she came at him again he kicked her in the stomach so she actually fell backwards, and he got up again. "You're not even worth it. I'll take care of John now again as you're so obviously not interested in him. I am, he's more important than anything else and so I'll give up on this stupid fight with you. You won, we're leaving. Enjoy your shitty life. Cheers!"
When John got up and continued talking Sherlock simply nodded to show him that he agreed with what he was saying. The situation was awkward enough already. It was quite interesting how these ordinary life problems could let the real danger vanish from minds.
Sherlock could see that John liked what he was doing, that he enjoyed his touch as much as he did himself. So he decided to unbutton John's shirt so that he could reach his bare upper body. Would he like it or stop him? Stop thinking! He ran his fingers over the free skin then, enjoying the muscles that John's body consisted of.
John rolled his eyes as Sherlock ran down the stairs like a child, the male shaking his head before a grin grew on his lips and the doctor began to make his way after Sherlock, trying to banish the warm feeling from his heart, knowing that he could not get romantically attached to.. Sherlock.. for christ sake, John was straight anyway!!... but even John was beginning to doubt that. A wave of sadness began to wash over the Doctor as he made his way outside, making his way over towards where Sherlock was waiting in a cab. John studied the males profile as he made his way over to the opposite side of the cab, having to remind himself that Sherlock was married to his work and would never feel anything towards the doctor in that way. John sighed, shaking his head quickly before slipping into the taxi which had been impatiently waiting for him to enter. John leant back into the leather seat and instantly looked away from Sherlock, knowing he was going to have to start to distance himself to prevent any further attachment.
John smirked against the skin on Sherlock's neck as he heard him moan. John hummed happily and gently placed a kiss on the deeply coloured bruise before pulling back slowly, allowing Sherlock to unbutton his shirt "We wont go much further than this Sherlock... we will take everything slowly since well... you are very very new to this" he muttered quietly, pupils largely dilated, a sign of pure love for the male in front of him. John studied him carefully and gave him a small smile, shifting in close again before kissing Along Sherlock's neck again, noting that the detective clearly liked it "And don't think I haven't noticed that you like being commanded by such a... strong soldier" he purred before moving in close to his ear "A captain... perhaps I should try on my uniform" he chuckled, kissing his cheek before reaching out with his hands, slowly undoing Sherlock's Suit Jacket and allowing it to drop down onto the floor, wanting to feel the detectives upper body, only his upper body... for now. John groaned as he slowly began to undo his shirt buttons, the sight instantly heating his member
“You're right. I'm just trying to be strong but you know I'm not... I'm a ridiculous man, John, and I... I need you”, he paused a bit before he continued, “I'm at the abandoned factories of Muller. Just a few quarters from Baker Street.”
The shower was still going... His mind became fuzzy with exhaustion. It was screaming at him to sleep, regain energy, but his stubborn streak was determined to stay awake for Sherlock. If he had a cold shower after him, that might work in waking him up a bit, it was his best shot and it had succeeded in the army on countless nights. A yawn forced its way out of his mouth, but he clamped down his jaws. No. He would not!
"You're stronger than you think, and anyway, I'm here now, aren't I?" John looked reassuringly into Sherlock's eyes, he patted his hand softly, "Now, can you come and help me walk? I don't think I can quite stand by myself yet."
When he finally got up he realized that he and John hadn't decided on a hotel to go to. They had been interrupted before they even had the chance to talk about it... But even if they had... Sherlock wasn't really in the mood for... what they had planned to do earlier. Not now. A hug would probably be nice... he didn't know why, but right now he really longed for John to take him in his arms and take care of him. To protect him.
"Why not? He's not made of smoke and mirrors, somewhere there is a man sitting with a solid body, and a mortal life that could easily be ended with a bullet to the head. He can be shot, the only question is how do we draw him out of hiding?" John said, his face like iron.
John could feel everything now that the barrier had slipped into his knees. It was all he could do from freezing in place from the heightened sensitivity he had down there, but he continued to kiss Sherlock, taking precaution not to brush against anything that might sent a shock through him.
That will definitely not sit well with Harry, not at all, if she was pissed off about some piece of jewellery, then she will blaze with fury when she found out that John inherited all of the money, heirlooms and the house, especially when he was the one who, as she would say, abandoned them, whereas she was the doting daughter who stayed by her elderly mother's side and nursed her. Which, he supposed, wasn't entirely false. John's eyes fluttered.
He enjoyed the surprise on her face before he turned around and looked at John to offer him his arm saying: “Shall we?”
At once, Harry's eyes lost all of their concern, and she turned in the doorway, flicking her gaze over John with an air of disinterest. She waltzed back into the living room, saying over her shoulder. "All of that noise, just for some headache? Just take some goddamn aspirin instead of giving everyone else a sore head."
Sherlock put his hand in front of his mouth in fear, not knowing how to express himself without making John angrier than he already was.
John swallowed nervously as he listened to him carefully, nodding carefully "O-Okay, I can find somewhere we could go" he nodded firmly before letting out a sad sigh, wishing they could show affection to each other within the house. The male breathed carefully before slowly stepping forwards "Thank you" he smiled gently before leaning in, lightly pressing his lips against the detectives cheek before slowly pulling away "Im tired... is it okay if I head to sleep now?" He smiled gently at him before gently squeezing Sherlock's hand once more before slowly pulling away, making his way off towards his bedroom, his heart pounding when he realised what he had done. John let out a shy giggle and shook his head, quickly rushing from the room before Sherlock had the chance to stop him this time.
Sherlock's eyes got big when he heard John say the word “bedroom”... He was very well aware of what people were doing in their... bedrooms. And he didn't have any experiences in that area, unlike John. His blood pressure raised immediately and he had no idea what to reply, or if he would even be able to reply. Sure, he had wanted this since... like forever, but now that it was real it was quite different and Sherlock started to be afraid.
"I don't want to go back to sleep." John said quietly after a while, when he began to feel the slight start of drowsiness.
John's world froze. An innocent? A-a bystander? He felt a cold stab of shock hit his heart, and the frost spread through his entire body. On the outside, he appeared normal, but his eyes were staring. "Wh-when did you find out..." He asked numbly.
“Oh Sherlock”, I heard Mycroft, who layed his hand on my shoulder as I kneeled next to John, trying to bring him back to life, “Haven't I told you not to get involved? Caring is not an advantage.”
"I don't want you to get hurt", Sherlock almost whispered as he couldn't stand even the thought of John getting injured, "There is no guarantee that they won't harm you, may I be there or not..." Sherlock looked at John and felt once more how he made him weak. He had never cared about his own life, endangering it was part of the game, but John? This was different from before. With John at his side it wasn't a game anymore, this was a threat, it was war. "Although I see the point of your plan. Remember, I had one close to that before." He saw that it was the possibility that made sense the most, still it had weak spots, just like Sherlock had now, and if he could he would have eliminated them.
“Yes, I assume you don't want to roam the streets like this”, his lips formed words he himself barely heard. They'd have to look at the corpse. Scotland Yard was always missing out on the important things, just like everybody was.
“Shall we?”, Sherlock smiled in an adventurous way and I just couldn't help but say “Yes”. The case. Moriarty. That was all that mattered now. Not dying. Keeping Sherlock safe. I checked the gun in the bag of my jacket. I would have done everything that it took for that man.
He lifted the list of drugs Sherlock had taken. It was more of an accusation, although Mycroft would have actually been glad about anything that could keep his little brother from a relapse.
Although her smile remained consistent, her eyes narrowed ever so slightly at Sherlock's tone, and John elbowed Sherlock subtly to remind him to play nice. The detective didn't give any indicator of whether he understood or not, so John gave it the benefit of the doubt.
Johns eyes widened as he listened to the detective begin to sob down the phone, his heart splitting in half as he slowly closed his eyes "Sherlock... Breathe... Just calm down, everything will be okay i promise" he muttered before nodding firmly "Alright im on my way, i will be about 10 minutes but i will stay on the phone with you love, just stay calm, Im coming for you" he whispered before making his way off down the stairs and out onto the streets, knowing he needed to get to Sherlock as quickly as possible. The male panted heavily and quickly glanced around, spotting a taxi and waving it down "Sherlock, Love, im coming okay? I have just gotten into the taxi... I need you to come outside of the factory so i can find you. I love you" he said once more before resting his head against the glass, knowing it would only take a few minutes for the taxi to get to the factory
Sherlock escaped John's arms and started walking down the stairs. He slightly blushed as he hadn't understood the sarcasm and wanted to forget about it as fast as possible.
I arrived at the door that now was spread all over the floor in small splinters. I sighed with relief as I saw her leaned against the wall, covered in some pieces that used to be protective pillows before, and like a miracle she wasn't injured but coughing.
He was pacing about a table, nervous, aggressive, scared. It was terrible to see him like this, and terrible to have the others see him like this, too.
“Before you got into the plane. You said there was something you've always meant to say but then never have, and since it was unlikely that we'd ever meet again you planned to say it then. You might be good when it comes to ashes or sand, but I am observant in some ways, too. I know what it was you meant to say. You wanted to say that you love me.”
Sherlock's fingers through his hair sent shivers down his spine, but not the cold, erotic ones he had been experimenting, but instead warm, comforting shivers. They made him arch his neck slightly in enjoyment, away from Sherlock's pointed lips. His mouth was agape in sensation. Was this what Sherlock felt when he did this to his dark curls too? It felt like heaven, at the back of his mind, John felt the compelling urge to roll onto his back and squirm.
Sherlock took in another sharp and deep breath as John's fingers teased the inside sides of his arms. He opened his eyes again and tried to find John's, for he felt that he was ready, but didn't know about him.
Sherlock pushed him against the wall and he felt his stomach drop with excitement. This was what he wanted. Needed. Thirsted for. Craved. The strong grip of Sherlock's hands fuelled his fire. Their lips locked together again. John ran his hands through his hair, pulling and teasing on Sherlock's dark curls. The detective's hands roamed up his sides towards his neck. John pulled away ever so slightly to pant,
I wanted to wipe that grin out of his face, beat him, make him stop. He held the knife on John's throat, his carotid artery.
Ash... it had always been sand before. Except for one time... the ash was there for Sherlock, to get his attention. A little gift for him from Moriarty. What was that other case? The other murder?
Johns jaw dropped as he watched Sherlock suddenly leave the bathroom. He frowned deeply and crossed his arms, clicking his tongue with a groan of annoyance "Fuck sake Sherlock..." He grumbled once he had left the area. The male glanced over to Lestrade and narrowed his eyes briefly, anger surging through him, hating how Sherlock could just suddenly leave after what had happened between them within the toilet. John took down a few notes, knowing Sherlock would be irritated with him if he didn't do so but he didn't write them as detailed as he usually would. He slowly made his way from the crime scene, nodding goodbye to Greg before heading out into the streets. John shoved his hands into his pockets, breathing in deeply as he focused himself before making his way towards his home... Their home at 221b Baker street.
"Okay, be careful", Sherlock replied and still held his hands out just in case he'd have to catch John. He didn't know how long it'd take to recover, but he wouldn't risk anything.
Sherlock couldn't help himself but looked around when they walked inside. It was a nice house, not big, not small, average.
Sherlock watched John getting up and didn't understand why he suddenly did so. Didn't they just have... a moment? Surely he must have misinterpreted that. He sat up on the bed and watched what John was doing.
"There are, but that one right there." John said, pointing to it, "Has probably been in my sister when she's been horny, and I don't really want to touch something that has done just that." John said quietly in a matter-of-fact tone, conscious that his mother was in the opposite room. "So unless you want to get rid of it by putting your hands on it, and I hope to god you don't, cause if you do, you can count on sleeping in different rooms tonight, I'm going to another room."
This is exactly what John didn't want to happen, Sherlock blaming himself. Couldn't he see? It was Moriarty's obsession, not Sherlock's fault for being the root of it! "This is why I didn't want to elaborate, because you would blame yourself when it is not your fault."
The water fell down on me, ran over my body. It reminded me so much on that moment at the waterfall when John had saved me from Moriarty. “Why don't you two just elope, for god's sake!” Yes, why couldn't we? Things were much easier like that. We would go somewhere, leave everything behind. I simply knew that if I was with him all would be fine.
"Oh, brilliant plan! Because it worked so well the last time, didn't it?!", it came out more harshly than Sherlock had intended. But it had only been because he didn't want John to go through more than he already was.
That more than anything else gave John pause. Why had none of the taxi drivers in front of the hospital understood him when he'd wanted a ride to the airport? And yet they'd brought him to this out-of-the-way suburb to see Sherlock at the drop of a hat.
It was a madhouse at Victoria Station. Rush hour, commuters, tourists, rivers of people. Sherlock had taken the Tube after all, transferring at Green Park. He was glad of it now, even if it had been difficult for him at first, squeezing in with all the tired, sweaty people at the end of a hot summer workday, on their way home to their families, their children. People who might be returning to the tiny flat they left that morning where no one was waiting for them. Maybe a house pet they fed and petted. Maybe a partner who hugged them at night. He, Sherlock, wasn't alone. He'd realised that as he stood in the midst of all the work-weary people. He had John. They had a flat together. They had a life together. They had a home. Even now.
The director of the women's prison HMP Holloway was the widow of the IT consultant who had configured Copernicus and died in suspicious circumstances before he'd been able to put together the technical documentation. Was she the mysterious third woman who'd threatened Mary then disappeared?
How did he deal with it? Hard to say. John gave it some thought. "I try to reassure him and still live my life," he finally answered.
The nun dried off her face. She took a deep breath, needing a couple of moments before she could continue. "Several days went by, and then there he was, asking for the candle. I gave it to him."
John laid his hand on Sherlock's arm, rubbed it affectionately. He was exhausted. He stood up after a few minutes, went into the bathroom and showered the day away.
John was shaken out of his thoughts by the church door opening. He was taken aback when he realised what he'd been thinking about. He wasn't a priest! None of this had anything to do with him. This was for a case. He was here because there were murders to be solved. And here he was with nothing in his head but the church and Sherlock, letting himself get distracted by both. Damn it. He needed to focus.
"Yes, he does. I asked him. Would you like some too? You should at least drink something, Sherlock, evden if you're not eating. That's..."
Sherlock put his head in his hands again and didn't answer for a long time. His breaths became laboured. He was struggling. Then he said, "I leave. You continue living in our flat. We see each other regularly. We keep the relationship going. We stay in contact. We solve the case. Then I come back to you."
Sherlock closed his eyes. He was exhausted, hadn't slept in almost forty hours. He needed sleep urgently. At least a catnap for a couple of hours. To regain his strength. The couch was comfortable. John had given him a pillow and a blanket. Had asked him to stay. Of course he stayed. Of course he forgave John for deciding to start the search, even if he'd felt rejected and abandoned at first. He understood John's motivation. Still, it made him feel hollow and helpless, as if something had broken loose from inside him. He lay there watching the light effects on the living room ceiling in order not to have to look at the emptiness within him.
"Mycroft." John tried to remain friendly. "I'm worried about Sherlock. He was going to be back sometime today and he's not here, his phone's turned off and he's not responding to texts."
"If they put the victims into some kind of trance they probably wouldn't fight back. That might explain why there are no signs of a struggle."
Mary was sitting up in bed, typing something on her laptop when John and Sherlock came in. She was pale and looked worn out, but she smiled when John greeted her with a kiss. Sherlock nodded to her. But then he reconsidered, leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
"Leave her with him," Marsden said when his sister went to take the child back from Sherlock. "We'll take him along. He can make himself useful."
"Interpol? Whew..." Lestrade blew the air out of his lungs. His expression made it clear how unenthusiastic he was about the request. "Difficult," he said.
Someone knocked at the door. An assistant peeked in, nodded quickly in greeting and handed Lestrade a piece of paper. "The list you wanted, Inspector."
The nun – her name was Magdalena – was a tall, slim woman around John and Sherlock's age. She came across as calm and clear-headed. And she was beautiful. Not even the veil could disguise that fact. She looked up at Greg with alert blue eyes. He stood in front of her, legs in a wide stance and arms crossed.
Sherlock didn't reply. It didn't appear to interest him nearly as much as whatever it was that he'd just discovered. He felt around under the bench and pulled something out. It was a pebble. Sherlock turned it over and examined it.
"No! You've walked out on me! That's the role. I'm desperate, don't you get it? I slit my wrists because of you. Dave fell for it hook, line and sinker. How am I supposed to explain couples therapy to him now?"
Sherlock opened the door, ignoring the tearing of the red-and-white tape. Six desks. One had been emptied. The officers from the Yard had taken the computer and all the files with them. Sherlock rummaged through the drawers, desks, and filing cabinets. Blueprints, documentation, contracts. If there were any files on the manipulated earth observation satellite, they would be in digital form. He started up the computer on one of the desks. It looked almost pathologically tidy. A photograph of a woman and two children in front of a single-family home. The lower middle class dream. People like that were predictable. Sherlock turned the photograph around.
He also saw John's body language and knew perfectly well how to interpret it. He could have deduced it down to the last detail, but that wasn't necessary. It was enough to observe his own reactions, to understand the language of his own body. And he did understand it. He didn't suffer from a lack of perceptiveness. No, what unsettled him was the effort it took to ignore it. John. He should contact him.
John straightened up, immediately moved away from Sherlock. But Sherlock kept holding his hand, even when John removed it from the bartop. Sherlock wasn't letting go. John took note of it with surprise.
"I thought as much. Mrs Waugh broke him in, he accepts women but threw your brother. You rode him to the field and rounded up the sheep while your brother and Waugh took a detour to Waugh's farm and killed his wife. Your brother's gelding was behind the house. We have proof. Then the men returned and took the sheep to be shorn while you and the dog went home. Is that what happened?"
"When I'm with a woman, it's all about sex. I feel it in my body, and it's very clear. It's clear to her and it's clear to me, and there's an automatic consensus," John explained. Then added after a couple of heartbeats: "It's different with Sherlock. It's not about sex. Even if I don't a priori exclude a physical aspect."
John wiped his eyes, tried to collect himself. There was no way around the next step, no matter what came after. He picked up his bag and went to the door of the house. He had a key but didn't dare to use it. Sherlock was playing a pure, clear run of sixteenth notes, beneath them a sonorous counterpoint, low, constant, unfailing. John listened, hesitant. He didn't have the heart to interrupt the music. It touched something deep inside him, setting off a fresh wave of tears. He waited until the fugue wove itself into raw harmonies again before ringing the bell.
Should he text John? John had offered him the option. He'd said: "Let me know if you need anything. Or even if you don't need anything." He'd used to do it without a second thought, before. He'd texted John at all hours of the day and night, whenever he'd felt like it. But now? It was late. John was probably asleep already. Tomorrow would be another stressful day, he'd have to get Rosie up early and bring her to the babysitter before he went to the surgery.
He was freshly showered, towel around his neck, dressing gown, the scent of ambergris and seaweed, hair damp. He sat down next to Sherlock on the bed, ruffled his friend's dark, tousled hair affectionately.
The question hit Sherlock hard. Something flinched in his eyes. But his gaze didn't waver from John's, stuck with him. He didn't try to run away.
"Both victims felt drawn to men, had sexual hang-ups and had been abandoned. I'm the ideal candidate," Sherlock said. It sounded completely matter-of-fact.
They were weak but they agreed they wouldn't leave any chance untried, as long as they had one. There was no question for them that John would drink what Sherlock excreted, even if there was only one opportunity, as Sherlock was getting progressively weaker. The fluid helped John to postpone his own death by a couple of hours, to be there for Sherlock a couple more hours. Hours that ran through John's fingers like fine grains of sand. Hours spent together, at any rate. Time, filled with stillness and the profound knowledge that they belonged together. Forever. Including on this, their final journey. Because John knew they were both going to die, dry out in the heat and bleed to death, if help didn't come very soon.
Sherlock lay on the couch all afternoon, staring into space. He struggled with this new knowledge regarding his emotions. Forced himself to think everything through carefully. To take all the facts into account. The symptoms were unambiguous. Physically, psychologically, mentally. He was in love.
John walked down the path along the western side of the pond. If Sherlock's directions were correct, they were somewhere here in the wooded area along the shore. They hadn't gone to the official swimming area at the northern end of the pond. Dave was apparently looking for some privacy. John strolled along, his jacket hooked over his shoulder like the other pedestrians taking an evening walk through the park. But all of his attention was focused on the shore area. A couple of isolated foot trails led away from the official path into the scraggly woods that hid the pond from view. John walked down each one, making sure to stay hidden, and carefully peered out at the water. He didn't want Sherlock to see him. They'd agreed that he would wait in the bathing area. But John had disregarded that. He wanted to see where Sherlock was. And what Dave and Sherlock were doing. Sherlock's unexpected declaration of love didn't ease his mind at all. Quite the opposite. It sounded as if Sherlock had wanted to prepare him for something.
The intensity of their union was stronger than anything they'd imagined. They held onto each other, clung to each other, tight and deeply connected, filling each other up, completely, inside each other, a closeness and intimacy that nearly drove them mad, gasping, on the edge of conscious thought, shocked at the irresistible power of what was happening between them. Knowing that this incomprehensible, boundless intimacy changed everything.
"Some day," I whisper as I run my fingertips over John's lips, "some day we shall live alone in the cottage and do there as we please."
John turned onto his side again, snuggled his back against Sherlock. "Good," he mumbled, his voice barely audible as he drifted off again.
Sherlock played the Adagio with his eyes closed, disregarding the tears that ran down his face. He couldn't prevent them. It was what it was. The same with John. Things simply were what they were. They could be fought but not conquered, could only be surrendered to in the end. Death and love.
Sergej's blue eyes looked John over. "She took me out of that awful orphanage and provided me with a top-notch education. She paid for my schooling and got me this job with the international space agency. That's a lot for me, you know. I was a tormented orphan, now I am a made man with a future."
Mycroft had someone fetch them after a good half hour. They hadn't spoken for most of that time. Just once, at some point during the silent period on the stone bench at Sherrinford, Sherlock had said forlornly, "I need you, John."
"Why didn't you tell me you had a partner who is also a priest?" Father Gerome asked. "My son, do you realise this is the highest honour which God can bestow upon you?"
"Let's find Rosie first. I hope we'll have enough peace and quiet, and time, to talk about everything afterwards."
John grinned. "He was so excited. I think he wants to perform the variations. I already said he should talk to you about it. I just want to be able to play them. I don't have anything else to do with it." John raised both hands meaningfully. Then he smiled, put one hand on Sherlock's back and pressed his lips to Sherlock's temple for a second, a fleeting endearment as he passed by him on his way to the stairs.
Stean shook his head slowly. "They go about their own business. They have a separate entrance. I hardly ever see them."
"Thank you, Sherlock," John said after a while, and Sherlock squeezed John's hand, looking up into the grey eyes. He smiled and nodded. Didn't say anything. He was tired. Maybe even happy. He loved spending time with John like this, simple and unspectacular, just lying there on the couch in the peace and quiet of the living room and letting time pass.
"Sure. But if we're one with our soul, then the flesh is just a small part of a larger, fulfilling whole. Or as Heidegger said: Friendship and love lead us into silence, up to the threshhold of secrets. And through those secrets, our life flows into the life of our beloved, and their life into ours."
But John was overwhelmed by heartache. Mute. Deaf. Blind. He sat off to the side. He couldn't bear Mycroft's presence, nor anyone else's. He wanted to be alone. Alone in the midst of all these people praying for Sherlock. And for Moriarty.
Sherlock didn't respond to that. John hadn't shot her; he'd made sure he got out of Holloway safely. John was more reasonable and stronger than any man Sherlock had ever known. And he had nerves of steel. The mission had come to a successful conclusion. But the perpetrators were still free.
"There is no truth," he said as he examined the victim's head. "Truth is nothing more than a subjective variant of perception, a miniscule slice of a complex whole that is impossible to assess without divorcing onself from perspective. In other words, every perspective is both just as true and just as false as any other."
John started when his mobile rang. He grabbed for it frantically. Sherlock? No. Mycroft. That was something at least.
"A consequence of secret conspiracies and complicated cover stories," Sherlock elaborated. "At some point, the ones in the know disappear unexpectedly, and no one knows anymore. What remains is an internal ritual of passing things on, the purpose of which no one is aware of. And no one asks. No one. The gems were simply passed on. For centuries."
Sherlock fell silent, stricken. That was what he was afraid of. He'd made a promise and taken on that responsibility. And he'd failed. He hadn't understood what responsibility meant. He'd seen it as a game. A new game with high stakes and exciting rules. He was a master of game-playing. But now there was no game anymore.
Sherlock held onto the cold metal, leaned his entire weight against the railing, staring out into the damp morning sky. All of his attention anxiously on John, who stood next to him. He was also resting his entire weight against the railing, pressed up against it, exhausted, numb. His eyes were closed and he was sucking the cold air into his lungs, deep and greedy, before letting it out in a shaky stream. The scent of a new day that cut through the soul like a knife. Pain-infused morning air that stung in the lungs. Light that burnt the eyes. There was no morning. No new day. The night was firmly anchored in the cold walls of the hospital.
Then Watson said, "I cannot live like this, Sherlock. I am torn apart without you. And I am torn apart with you."
"Don't print anything," Lestrade said. "It would be registered. But you can copy any of the contents."
Mycroft eyed John keenly. They stood in an empty room across the hall at the Baer. Mycroft had refused to talk in his brother's bugged room.
"Those who need to know find out by word of mouth. The dates are passed on from one man to another."
They were somewhere along the Thames. Possibly still within city limits. Or outside. Sherlock wasn't sure. They'd blindfolded him for the journey. They hadn't been stopped. No roadblock. They'd tied him to the leg of a table in an abandoned, broken down motorhome and left him alone. Marsden, his sister, and the other man had gone somewhere nearby with the child to wait. He hadn't been able to see anything from the floor of the vehicle, even though it was the middle of the day. But it had smelled of water and he'd heard them talking.
“Yes but... I... I didn't not do it because I wanted to hurt you or anything... I even tried to tell you but... at first I couldn't because I was so freaked out about the fact how deep he could infect us, and then we were here, and you were so calm and... “
Sherlock faced the street again but couldn't hold back a slight smile that appeared on his lips as he thought of John leaning against him. He still didn't understand how this was something special. "Alright then. To a motel."
Sherlock smiled as he heard that cute name John chose for him, it was just perfect. By now he felt really sleepy, too and just wanted to close his eyes. This day had taken more of his power than it should have.
Sherlock was highly nervous. He knew what John wanted to do the second that he started to move his hands. They'd both be... He closed his eyes for a moment. No, he wanted this. He wanted this. Then why was there still something inside him telling him it wasn't natural? It was... he didn't even know what it was. Being touched was something that didn't come naturally to him. And that special area... it was even more... special. Why couldn't he just enjoy it? He wanted to. He did. He loved being close to John, he loved his kisses, his touches, his love... but this was all so fast. Couldn't they get to it slower?
“Me too“, Sherlock replied and didn't only mean... it. He had also waited very long to be this close to John and now that he could finally be with him he knew what happiness was. “I...“, he started, but decided it was too early and muted himself with a kiss. He didn't know how far they'd go tonight, but John was just as aroused as he was. The adrenaline was pumping through his veins. There was no bigger excitement.
“I will look for it”, John said and started to search the floor. But there was no time... I prepared myself to burst the door open. So I started to run, but...
Suddenly we heard screams from downstairs. Choked cries, like through a gag, behind a door. Mrs. Hudson!
John gasped out loudly as Sherlock began to kiss and suck at his neck, letting out a gentle moan "Fuck... Good boy, good solider" he purred loudly, reaching down and squeezing the mans hips with a growl "Mine." He snarled protectively before grabbing his jaw, pulling him away from his wounded shoulder to kiss his lips. Both to show his dominance and to get him away from his shoulder, that part of his body being the only piece he was insecure about.
The corners of Johns lips slowly curled up into a smile, the doctor slowly closing his eyes as he relaxed against the window "Im glad Sherlock... So glad" he muttered before snapping his eyes open as the taxi came to a stop. John threw the driver a tenner before slipping out from the car "Alright im here, its okay" he said down the phone before rushing forwards, looking around for his lover quickly "Sherlock where are you?" He asked before turning around, seeing the male in the distance, his back turned to John. The doctors eyes softened and he stepped forwards, soon enough breaking out into a sprint as he ran towards the detective "Sherlock!" He shouted before grabbing a hold of the Detective firmly, pulling Sherlocks back flush against his chest before wrapping his arms around him tightly "Im here babe... Im here now" he whispered, slowly turning the detective so he was facing him "Its going to be okay" he smiled
Sherlock lay his head back unknowingly and let out another moan, this touch of John's sent pure excitement through all of him. it was his body reacting now, not his mind. This wasn't only a movement of enjoyment, it also granted John better access to Sherlock's neck if he wanted to continue. And Sherlock wished he would continue. His breathing had fastened and deepened and was accompanied by deep tones that escaped his lungs, showing how much he loved this.
Sherlock was surprised by John's sudden words; he had only done what had felt right. He had had to support John. Was this how normal people worked? He shook off this thought and focused on what was happening. “You're welcome“, Sherlock said, and he didn't only because he had learned it as the common response to a phrase, but because he felt it. He'd never leave John's side.
John paused when he felt Sherlock grab at his arm, able to feel his chest aching as he turned his head to look up at the detective. He slowly met eyes with him and his mouth opened in slight surprise at his words. The male chewed on his bottom lip and shrugged at his first question, opening his mouth to answer him before being cut off by Sherlock who had kept talking. John swallowed nervously and nodded at his words, sniffing slightly before rubbing at his eyes "Okay... I understand what you mean.." he muttered sadly before glancing away from him, chewing at his bottom lip "im sorry I have been getting upset... but at least... at least its nice to know that you do care about me" he smiled sadly, looking up at the detective "thank you" he said, reaching for Sherlocks hand and giving it a small squeeze before pulling back, nervous about touching him "I erm... meh... cant we y'know.. act like we care about each other in private at least...?" He mumbled
Sherlock took a deep breath and ran a hand through his hair. If he was being honest he had only a few facts, he only knew what they couldn't do, but an actual plan... he was not the writer, the storyteller. This was also the mistake Donovan had made when she had accused him of becoming a murderer one day. Sherlock was good at solving riddles, not creating them. And so making up a tactic would be really difficult as well. "Well, we can't shoot him, the last try proved that", Sherlock started, looking at John as he realized his words and worried that they still affected him.
The doctor wanted to feel Sherlock's bare skin, the warmth and sensation of it., and the thin barrier of shirt stopped him from doing so. The small moan Sherlock had given out caused a spike of adrenaline to pierce his body and spurred him on in his actions. God, how he wanted that man! John began to unbutton Sherlock's shirt, gradually looping the buttons from out of the fabric. He felt Sherlock's bare legs and arse rest on his calves, warmth seeped into his skin. It felt like his natural state, to be naked with Sherlock, their bodies touching.
John realised at that moment just how worn out he was. His eyes were heavy and his entire body felt sluggish, whether they were a side affect of whatever hell had gone on inside his head, he still felt that sleep was the best bet. In fact, he could... Just go to s..leep right.. Here...
Sherlock was impressed by how John could make all those people leave. He was great at commanding. But through all the admiration for his soldier Sherlock kept his mind fixed on what was going on.
John chuckled breathily and stopped his hips before easily pulling out of Sherlock... Thank god for the tissues on the side table! He bent over and took a few out, some for him and Sherlock, no doubt the detective would want to be clean.
“Hey, listen to me. You know that I can be much worse than that. While she thinks she gets through with this I'll actually be manipulating her. Just trust me, okay?”, Sherlock looked at John and tried to read his mind. He'd always be on his side and he'd never let anything between them. Be it Moriarty or an insane sister. Sherlock would protect his John against everything that could hurt him no matter the cost.
“I did it so I wouldn't have to deal with those tedious farewell rituals”, I replied knowing that it was only partly true. John would have shouted at Mycroft, how he could possibly let it happen, He would have shouted at me, how I could possibly go, how I could listen to the bloody words of my brother. There would have been a lot of shouting and although it was a part of him that I tended to enjoy for some reason, I wanted his smile to be the last thing I'd see of him.
Sherlock was surprised by the truth of those words. “I don't want to shut you out”, he said with strength in his voice, “You are my everything, and without you I'd be nothing... so I'll do anything to keep you at my side.”
The bed squeaked slightly under the new addition of John's weight, and he knew that the other guests would not be getting much sleep tonight. He didn't care. He started to unzip his trousers, and stared up at Sherlock the entire time. They were going to do it, finally, properly. Excitement rushed through his veins and adrenaline caused his heart to pound. Slowly, he slipped his trousers off of his legs and kicked them off of the bed before moving on to doing the same to Sherlock's trousers, which were harder to do because of the belt he wore. It only made the suspense thicken. John whipped it off of Sherlock's waist and threw it so hard that it hit the wall on the opposite side of the room. It made a loud bang, which was what they were about to do. John pushed the detective's trousers down his rear and thighs until he couldn't go any further due to Sherlock's knees digging into the bed. His hands went back up to the elastic of his underpants and he gave it a slight ping before pulling them down over Sherlock's alabaster skin to meet with the pool of his trousers at his knees. He couldn't help but run his hands over the detective's smooth, unblemished skin, and the firm muscle of his rear. How was it so perfect? He was like a Greek statue, with godly characteristics.
Sherlock saw John take some tissues out of the box, and the pang of guilt manifested itself. Why had he done that? It was all over John now! Embarrassment came crashing down on him and suddenly he felt uncomfortable. He craned his neck to watch John lean over.
I looked at John who seemed to be as shocked as I felt. This was designed to hurt me, to make me scared. Unfortunately, and I would have never admitted that in front of John, it did his work. They did know how everything would take place, they knew I wouldn't know that I had to switch on the laptop (which actually wasn't too surprising after Moriarty had stated already that I was searching for the twisted things which was my biggest flaw), but what really made my hair stand on end was how much they knew about John...
The screaming of the kettle sliced through their moment, and signalled the start of strategising their attack, or defence, against Moriarty. John slowly poured out the boiling water into the two cups, stirred around the tea bags, and threw them next to their forgotten kin that had been sitting there since last night. He put Sherlock's on the table immediately after quickly throwing in two teaspoons of sugar.
How long had he been gone? Like 10 minutes and look what he had done to himself... just to solve some stupid case that was about a hundred years old? I couldn't have lost him, not again. I had lost him once already, and seeing him dead again was definatly not an option. He couldn't die. He was Sherlock Holmes! He always survived somehow, no idea how, but he did. But taking those drugs... it was a medical thing, chemistry. He couldn't trick that...
The case. It was all new, happened during the night and his alert had woken him up. A corpse had been found in the River Thames, female, but she didn't drown as there wasn't any water in her lungs. Both her thumbs were cut off, just like her hair. But the most exciting thing was the sand. She was carrying a bag with all kinds of sand filled up in jars. Some of them were emptied, some of them contained only half of what used to be in them. This bag had lain on the ground of the river with her for at least a week. Still other murders had been commited, and at each crime scene some sand from foreign lands had been found. And although it seemed impossible, Sherlock was sure that there was a connection between the dead woman from the Thames and these other murders.
John felt the hot liquid strike his chest and he slowed down his pace, to avoid Sherlock becoming oversensitive. He still moved, to ensure Sherlock got the most of this experience, and leant down to kiss Sherlock's stomach tenderly.
Mycroft didn't know that song, but the lyrics were quite frightning. They were telling him about the eastern wind...
"You died! You died! You died! I- I shot you and you died!" He frantically repeated, his voice hoarse with terror.
It was really difficult for Sherlock to understand what John was saying. Hadn't he just told him what he was feeling like? And now he told him to not shut him out... Alright, maybe his choice of words hadn't been the best.
“Oh god, John! Please tell me you're okay!“ Sherlock jumped up. The proof was written all over John's face. There were little red points showing that there had been pressure on his face, vomiting. Also he wore that certain look of disgust although he were trying to hide it.
“Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side”, Sherlock said as all emotion died on his face. Love, caring... was not an advantage. Mycroft's words that were burnt into his head appeared once again. It was like an impulse. Love – shut it out. Fight it.
Sherlock sighed: "Yes, because I freed myself and Mycroft from a threat but that's not important now..."
“Feeling?”, Sherlock asked in wonder about that question. What did his feelings matter in this situation? Also he had calmed down already which has caused him to barely feel anything at all. His emotions were on pilot flame and he was glad about it. Finally he was in control again.
John hummed as he listened to Sherlock speak, slowly pulling back and tapping at his bottom lip as he tried to think of a command that he wanted Sherlock to do. He hummed softly and smirked, slowly stepping backwards to the bed and sitting down. John looked up at the Detective and a smirk grew on his lips as he patted his lap "Sit Soldier." He said firmly, fire in his eyes yet there was a smile on his lips "Don't make me tell you twice or I will punish you" he purred before pulling him in for a deep kiss "And if you want to do something for me.... Bite my neck... Mark it like I did yours... explore my body, note everything down in that mind palace of yours" he purred happily, studying the man who was sat in his lap
"I'm sorry for asking...", Sherlock said and looked away as he made his deductions, "It was not my place..."
Sherlock had to think a moment about the words he would choose to make John understand: "It was... like nothing and everything at the same time, relief, pain, excitement, power and fear..."
“That's fine, isn't it? A day off, won't that be nice? Come on John, let's grab some food and go for a walk!”, Sherlock shouted excitedly as he took John's arm for a second. He then let it go, and went to the exit door. He was sure John would follow him, even if it would take a moment, but then he'd be behind him again.
John let out a deep sigh of freedom, and gently lowered himself to Sherlock's face again, slowly kissing his lips. He wouldn't start full pelt, no, he didn't want to overwhelm Sherlock. A build up would be better. John increased his passion in his kiss slightly, he wouldn't grind yet. A fire always started with small twigs and leaves, putting on top much at the start would cause it to suffocate, it was just like their situation. He would do it slowly, intimately, gently.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, moving from one to the other. What was this question to be answered with one word? There was so much that John was. He was his salvation, he was the one who made his heart beat faster, who made him smile without a reason, who could always brighten up his days and brought him happiness. John was the one who was different from anybody else, whose behaviour was highly interesting and whose features were worth observing, he was both protective and to be worried about. He was the one. But how to describe that in one word?
So, no breakfast. But that wasn't too surprising anyway. Maybe we could get something to eat while going to Scotland Yard. I knew I couldn't stop Sherlock from going, so I would simply have to join him. But I would make him some tea. Mrs. Hudson couldn't as she was in hospital now. He surely would work on something while I would get dressed and that was easier with a nice hot cup of tea.
Sherlock felt very tensed, feeling John work on his trousers and watched him. He didn't move, didn't want to make a mistake, didn't want to move just one bit away and make John think that he didn't want this. Because he did. He did want this. And how much he did! He just had thought that it wouldn't be so fast, that they'd start with something else, do some kind of foreplay, kiss each other, caress each others' bodies. How he wanted to kiss John's chest... while John started to work on Sherlock's trousers he slid his hands under his love's shirt and ran his fingers over the skin. He got a very small fright when the belt was thrown away, but heat started raising up in his body. Feeling John's hands so deep down, so close to those sensitive spots let his desires wake further. He moaned out very slightly as John touched his bare skin, he loved this, but was so helpless at the same time. It was a weird way of being exposed, but he somehow felt safe too. Must have been because of John, but still... nobody had ever seen him like this, nobody had ever touched him like this. And never had he had to think about what to do in such a case. What was he supposed to do?
“Please tell me what you would like me to do”, Sherlock said breathlessly when John had taken off his jacked and opened his shirt, as he wanted to return to John what he was doing for him. He wanted to give him some pleasure, too. And he really had a thing for his commands.
Sherlock moaned out as John made this kind of contact with his neck and would have blushed, but it was too much of an enjoyment as that he would care. Yes, he liked this, John taking lead, and as he had found his weak spot he couldn't help it but got lost in the pleasure.
“No, John, don't say that”, Sherlock said in shock about the words, “You can't die. You have a life here, with or without me, you can't do that...”
“You remember what happened so far? Prepared Baker Street and the restaurant? Especially the restaurant...”
The kisses came harder now, more passionate and wet. John couldn't do anything but lie back and allow Sherlock to kiss him. He loved this man, beyond words. It frustrated him, the fact that he couldn't put his affection into words, but it relieved him to know that Sherlock felt the same way, he had told him several times before.
John let out a growl and bit his ear rather Sharply but he didn't break the skin "Dont tempt me soldier or i will have you on this table right now" he smirked before pulling away from him "Well... I think this was a very productive meeting.... But I'm still interested in this plan of yours.... To get Moriarty out of hiding" he muttered quietly before slowly running his fingers through his hair, trying to cool down and calm his racing heart.
He opened the door, ran down the stairs, screamed through the hallway: “The game is on!”, turned around and let a laughter escape his lungs. It was a sentence that connected the two of them, a sentence that represented the adventures they had been on together and it was a promise that there were more to come.
"I love you." John whispered in the car as Sherlock moved around to the drivers side, unable to hear him.
"Love you too", he answered and wanted to say so much more, tell him how much he loved him, make some comparisons, but he didn't. He just looked at John's beautiful eyes. He wanted to fall asleep in his arms, lay down his head halfly on John's chest and arm, but he didn't know if he would allow it, or if he would want to be held instead, or if he would simply sleep, or, or, or....
It is a privilege. I am aware of that in moments like this, and am amazed at being able to hold my beloved friend in my arms like this. Naked, hot, the basest urges of the body coupled with the deepest longings of the soul. Rain slaps down onto the roof. The thick air in the attic now smells fresh and cool. I simply allow everything to happen that is happening to me. John is steering us both. He understands these things. I trust him. Blindly. He allows us to sink together into this maelstrom, deeply and without reservation.
John snorted. He could kill him. Easily. He felt the strength in his hands, his arms, his body. He stood with both feet firmly on the floor. He could just press until Sherlock's larynx and hyoid collapsed. Not let go until the body in his hands fell limp. Sherlock had put his hands on top of John's and was pulling at them. The gold ring on the slender hand right in front of John's face only served to harden his resolve and lend John additional strength. Sherlock had no chance.
