“HELL YEAH” Gabriel says, fists in the air.
Sam’s sleepy voice rips Dean from his trip down memory lane.
“That’s great!”
“FUCK!”
“Well, if we leave in like fifteen minutes we can get some big kid tubing in before the brats realize what’s going on.”
“Dad was supposed to be back two days ago so I texted Bobby and he hasn’t heard from him in a week and I feel like something’s wrong because he’s been gone so much lately and I don’t know what we would do if something happened to him,” Sam says in one breath.
Dean: morning sunshine
“I don’t know, Sam. We’ve got school tomorrow,” Dean says, with a real yawn.
“Yeah, okay, you’re right…jerk.”
With that they start working, spread out across a booth in Waffle House at 1:37 AM on a cold and dreary December Tuesday. They work in silence but it’s what isn’t said that matters. To someone who looks but does not observe, they see two boys doing homework with coffee and waffles. To someone who observes, however, they see two boys who are so in love that it screams out in every single mannerism. The way their feet lightly touch. The way they work together in perfect harmony. The way that they sneak glances at each other when they think the other isn’t paying attention. The small smile on both of their faces, even as they’re working through tedious work. To one who observes, they see one person sitting in that booth at Waffle House, writing furiously like their life depends on it.
“Shut up Sammy.”
Fireworks illuminate Castiel’s face, casting shadows across his cheekbones. Castiel turns to face Dean from his position between Dean’s legs.
wow. this is the end.
Cas<3: I don’t understand what you mean.
“I’m in,” Dean says, “Sammy?”
After he presses snooze another three times, he finally drags himself out of bed, much to his inner self’s chagrin. Without thinking much, he pulls on the first pair of matching clothes he can find and stumbles down the creaky stairs of his childhood home. Throwing himself down at the kitchen table where Sam is already sitting, he pulls out his phone.
“My bitch of a chem teacher. She yelled at me for not following directions. It’s not my fault I’m dyslexic.”
he had been sat at his desk since school ended four hours ago. He knew he just needed a break but he was scared that if he took a break he wouldn’t be able to sit back. It was moments like this where he just want to get in his car and drive. Never look back. Go to the cornfields and work as a farmer. Farmers don’t have to know math, right? His thoughts made their way to thinking about Castiel and how math just made sense to him. Dean was constantly in awe of his boyfriend. How he could sit down and study for hours on end and just be able to study. Dean needed just couldn’t do that. Everything was a distraction and the words and numbers would start spinning and he knew he was fucked.
“Nerd.”
“I guess we have to fix that immediately,” Dean says.
“You mean the prom we never went to?” Dean says with a teary chuckle.
“What can I say? I like to stop and enjoy the small things in life, sir,” Dean responds, a laugh marking the end of his statement.
“What’s wrong?”
Dean laughs at the exchange and gets up to take the Fruit Loops from Gabriel. He gives it to Harper then pours himself enough mug of coffee. The adults finally start filing into the kitchen and start making real breakfast. The room is filled with small chatter as everyone prepares for the day ahead of them.
And with that he hangs up the phone and shoves his stuff into his backpack.
“Jeez, we better get you some hearing aids stat! To the Star Wars marathon tonight! Celebrate the end of school and all.”
pls comment or kudo or both! it really brightens my day and I could really use a lot of that right now.
Dean internally breathes a sigh of relief before getting out of the car and grabbing his backpack out of the back seat. Castiel grabs his keys and his phone before also grabbing Dean’s hand and they walk into the Winchester house.
“Ruby is going to be a serial killer when she grows up. I’m calling it now.”
“It looks like a hurricane came through,” Dean remarks.
“Sure thing, Sammy,” Dean says, shooting a questioning look at Castiel, who shrugs, and pulls Gabriel away from questioning Sam, as they walk to class,
“Meet you on the dock Chuck?”
“About what?” Dean says, clearing his throat.
“Loser.”
“Dean?” John says, his voice gruff and Dean can hear the slurring in just one word, “Where are you?”
“Joker and Penguin, babe, but close enough.”
“I am!”
“You ready?”
“Not bad! The prompt was super easy. It was on religious connections in a text we had read.”
“Babe, my brain is mush,” Dean says with a laugh.
That one comments fills Dean with warmth. A warmth he hasn’t known since before Mary died. When Dean and his Dad would play baseball and come inside to Mary, with Lucy and baby Sam, and they would have dinner and laugh until they cried. Dean would help his Mom with dishes and when John wasn’t looking she’d sneak him a second piece of pie.
“Only you would think that calculus is easier then children babe,” Dean says, pressing his lips into Castiel’s dark hair.
It takes all of Dean’s strength to not punch through a wall because his dad just irritates him so much. He’s clearly drunk. He’s been gone for weeks and doesn’t say anything except to get on Dean’s ass. He can’t wait to fucking leave Kansas.
A laugh ripples across the group as Dean sulks to Castiel,
“Yeah a senior citizen, Dean-o,” Gabriel retorts.
“Fine, but you and Gabriel have to clean the kitchen.”
“Good afternoon, friends.”
this is loosely based off my life and experiences but this has a much happier ending so writing this can be emotionally draining.
While Dean was talking to Harper, Castiel coerced Anna into dealing with Emma as Gabriel took the remaining child upstairs for a nap. Castiel falls into Dean’s arms,
“Can you walk with me to class, Dean?” Sam’s voice is quivering and he sounds upset.
“Can we please stay over tonight? Mr. Novak is on a business trip and I’m just too tired to walk all the way home,” Sam says with a clearly fake yawn.
“I was, then I heard that Sam and Gabriel were doing science experiments and I had to come save the world before they blow it up.”
with love.
“I don’t fucking care about the SAT. I asked when you are coming home, Dean,” John says, cutting him off.
“Don’t worry about it Sammy. Go back to bed.”
Cas<3: Pretty good, thanks. You have a test in pre-calc today, correct?
“To Jerk, At Gabiriel’s. Science experiment. XOXO Bitch”
“Don’t bother, Dean. Batman is cool, remember?”
“Hi babe.”
“Alright, Dean. What do you want me to do?”
Work called. New case in Wichita, serial rapist who just started murdering. Shouldn’t be more than two weeks. Money’s in the normal place. Call Bobby if you have any issues.
It’s almost overwhelming and Dean takes a second to catch his breath.
“Anyway, what are talking about?”
“Goddammit. How did lang go?”
Castiel walks in,
“Wichita.”
“He’s not kidding,” says Castiel as he stands up with a groan, “I’m going to need more coffee before ‘big kid tubing’”
“Watch a movie, huh,” Dean says with a suggestive smirk.
“Son?”
It takes a Herculean amount of self-restraint to not buy all the pie the store has. Dean tries to rationalize it; it was a long rough year and he deserves some damn pie, but not knowing when John might come back, well, he has to save money, just in case.
This time Naomi whacks Gabriel with a rolled-up newspaper and chides at him in Enochian. Gabriel snickers as he runs upstairs. Dean stands up and offers his hand to Castiel,
Dean’s alarm goes off right in his ear, subsequently scaring the shit out of him,
They stay still for a while. Castiel is the one who breaks the silence,
And with that, history began.
“Dad? Are you home?” Dean yells as he closed to garage door.
Dean: whatever.
“Of course.”
“I l-“ he starts.
“What’s up?”
“Yeah I am!”
“Dean, can you take this seriously?”
i started this when i was at a low point in my life and it got worse. it took me getting to rock bottom to get my shit together. like i’ve said, this is loosely based on my life events so it’s emotional to write, and even more so now.
Dean slides into his seat just as the bell rings, earning himself a dirty look from his teacher.
“Come on, let’s get pie from the store then head over early.”
“‘Morning.”
“Yeah, Sam and Gabriel can really devour a meal like no one else I’ve ever seen. Like the leviathans almost.”
They sit in silence, exchanging pages from the newspaper every few minutes. Too soon, the kids start waking up and running around. How they have this much energy in the morning is beyond Dean but they all remind him of Sammy as kid; young and full of hope and excitement.
“Of course not. I’ll text my dad n-“
as always, please kudo or comment! it really brightens my day :)
“Dean?”
“Don’t call me sir. It makes me feel old. It’s just Chuck.”
“You know, you’re ridiculously laid back for a teenager,” Castiel’s father says, sitting across from Dean, the hot summer sun causing his beer to sweat water that gathers in a pool around the bottle.
“I have a better idea. Bring your homework and come down.”
Before Dean knows it he’s at the Novak’s. He doesn’t see Chuck’s car in the driveway, which is a little unusual but he’s thankful that he doesn’t have to put on his nice face when all Dean wants to do is cry about his math homework. He knocks on the door, just like he’s been doing for years and Cas answers it. Immediately Dean feels relief rush through his body. Cas smiles at him,
He receives no response so he goes to the kitchen. The kid was probably studying with those new noise cancelling headphones Bobby got him. To Dean’s surprise, Sammy wasn’t there. There was a note.
He considers it for a minute before saying,
Those three words are enough to get Dean’s heart racing. He steps into the kitchen to call his Dad.
oh good luck on your lang essay today. you’ll do great.
At 2 AM Sam finally makes himself known.
John was busy this year. He was out on cases and didn’t have time for his family, which was fine with Dean and Sam. No one can see what John’s seen, do what John’s done and come out without trauma. Maybe people can deal with it, but John drinks like his salvation, his absolution is at the bottom of a bottle. Dean doesn’t drink for this reason. When he tastes alcohol, he doesn’t taste the bitterness of the liquor, he tastes the blood in his mouth when John comes home just a little too drunk and something in the house isn’t perfect. Dean looks at his father with disgust in his eyes. He can’t respect his father. Not after everything.
“Look, kid, just try not to think about it. Dad is, well, Dad, and sometimes he only thinks about himself. We’ll go to the Novak’s tonight and have a damn good time and forget about all of this.”
thanks so much for reading.
“Hey Cassie.”
It’s one in the morning on a pitiful Tuesday and Dean Winchester isn’t having it.
“Are you sure, Sam?” Dean asks.
i’m honestly shocked i did it. this is the first thing i’ve like ever finished and i’m proud of myself.
“Probably tomorrow, we wanted to go to the bookstore first thing because they’ve been sold out of the good SAT prep books and we wanted to make sure that-“ Dean gets in.
Dean lets Cas lead him to their kitchen, where the bare scraps of dinner remain.
“Where is he this time?” Sam asks, in a bored tone.
“Can you believe these younglings have no respect for their elders anymore?”
“Whatever guys, Cas and I gotta go do homework. Have any of you seen him?”
“Well, you’re lucky that your boyfriend is a master at dealing with kids,” Dean says, bouncing the toddler in his arms to keep her from crying, “Don’t worry Harper. We’ll get your toy back.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sammy and I are Mr. Novak’s,” Dean responds, keeping his answer short and clipped.
“You have to be back in September, Gabriel,” Castiel gently reminds the teen.
When they get home from school John still isn’t there. Dean can see it stressing Sam out but he deflects and says,
“What’s the formula for the tangent of a double angle?”
“Cheers to that, son. Maybe your philosophy will rub off on Castiel. Get him to loosen up a bit.”
maybe i’ll write a sequel ? i have one loosely outlined but it’s undergrad thesis writing szn and i’m going to be obsessing over that for the next year of my life so no promises but this won’t be the last of me.
In that moment Dean reflects on his life. Just thinking and processing what happened. Dean doesn’t know a lot of things in life, like the formula for the tangent of a double angle, still. Or when the Alien and Sedition Acts were passed. Or what the importance of the jail was in The Scarlet Letter. Or what college he was going to go to. Or what his sexuality was. But at 4:47 AM on that dreary December Tuesday, Dean Winchester knew for certain one thing. He loved Castiel Novak.
Dean manages to make it to class on time that day.
“I swear to god, you give him one damn piece of candy and he doesn’t shut up for hours. I don’t get it Dean. We’re not even Canadian.”
“Yeah, that one, you dumbass.”
this was hard for me to write but finishing it was like a weight was lifted off my shoulders and maybe now i can reset and move on.
“Bitch. Have a good day.”
Confused, Dean walks to his window and peaks outside. Castiel’s car sits in his driveway and a surge of a feeling Dean can’t place goes through his body.
yes it’s been forever lol and im sorry. i got super busy and blah blah blah.
Dean can barely finish his sentence before Sam yells, “Thank you!” and runs off with a sudden burst of energy.
hopefully, it won’t take two more years to write the last chapter but no promises. kidding ;)....
“Hey Cas.”
Cas<3: Good morning, Dean. How did you sleep?
“Hey babe.”
“Uh, yeah sounds good,” Sam speaks for the first time this morning. He was quiet on the car ride to school too.
Cas<3: I was about to head to bed, but yes.
“I know, it’s so stupid. I just feel like he’s been gone a lot this year.”
okay yes i know it’s short, shitty, and overdue and i apologize.
The end of a school year is always bittersweet. On the one hand, no more staying up all night trying to memorize meaningless dates and formulas, for now at least. On the other hand, there’s the loss of the structure of getting up every day at the same time, doing the same thing filling the days with a routine that keeps Dean’s sanity in check. It’s comforting. Dean’s away from the house for most of the time and all of the time John is there, though that’s not frequent.
Castiel nods. “Yes, I am.”
“Okay, first things first! You got everything?”
“Jack, I could never hate you. You are my son. And I know I'm not the best father-.”
Castiel quiets and looks away again.
“Just do it for Dean, Jack,” added Castiel.
For all they went through, maybe they were all finally moving in the right direction with their new lives.
Or… almost died… right?
Before Sam could find an answer, Dean turned back to the pasta. He was feeling a little better now. Maybe there was something to this talking thing, after all. Sam was surprisingly non-judgmental. So, maybe he should also give his brother more credit.
“And you told her this.”
Is this hell?
He laughed at her and shook his head. As she disappeared from view, he joined the other three at their table. They watched him as he took a seat across from Jack.
The conversation continued.
“Being like Chuck. Running away and abandoning Heaven.”
He tries to think of other things, then. Brighter things.
“Go ahead, Sam,” said Castiel as he took his place on the vacated seat.
“Good.”
A bell buzzed from somewhere, interrupting him. The first bell. He still had to look for his homeroom.
Kaia was standing by the passenger door of a dark green car, one hand in her pocket and the other raised up to wave at him. Standing next to her was a blonde woman in a leather jacket and ripped jeans. She looked vaguely familiar but Jack couldn’t place her face.
Were they all gonna fit? Maybe they should have chosen a different place in the bunker to have dinner in.
“So… you’re not a thing?” he asked.
“Oh.” Jack watched Claire scoop more froyo into her mouth. “It… never crossed my mind.”
“I’m not angry.”
Bobby. Jodie. Charlie. Donna. Kevin. Claire. Ellen. Jo.
“A year ago, when we asked you if we were ever gonna see you again, you said you were gonna be in the trees and the waters and all that bullshit. What’s up with that now?”
“He’s in his room,” Dean replied, walking forward to greet Eileen, who had just released Sam.
The Klines lived in a nice suburban neighborhood in a one-story brick home. The bushes surrounding the front of the house were decorated with Christmas lights and a stuffed Santa Claus hung on the front door. It looked cheery but it was a mere facade of joy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam was getting frustrated now. “Then, what is? Are you worried that I won’t like them? ‘Cause as long as they’re not a bloodthirsty vampire or something, I’m cool with it.”
“That was a good memory.” Jack turned back to his cereal, swirling the spoon in the chocolate-laden milk, absentmindedly. “I missed things like that. In Heaven, it’s… different. We can use our memories to re-create certain experiences. But… it’s not the same.”
“No, no, this is good news,” said Eileen.
“Do you love me?”
That was the last thing Dean did before stopping his efforts, altogether.
Jack had raised his head fully now, looking thunderstruck. His lips were parted, as if he wanted to say something but can’t figure out the words.
What kind of father would he be to just destroy this?
“I had a new purpose, Dean.” Castiel couldn’t look at him, his gaze set firmly on his shoes. “I’m the angel with a crack in his chassis. I always made mistakes. I always failed. With heaven. With you. Even with Jack. So when he brought me back from the Empty and gave me the task of rebuilding, I had a new purpose and I was useful again. I couldn’t leave because it was important for me to fulfill my duties to make up for my failings.”
Dean sighs, resigned, and throws him the keys. “This is the last time,” he insists, knowing that it’s a lie.
“You just seem… irritated.”
Overall, good food and good company made for a great day. Dean was practically skipping as he made his rounds to check on all the rooms, albeit slowly since he was still really full.
Castiel’s smile slowly disappeared. “I… don’t understand, Dean.”
Charlie turned to Dean with a smirk. “Need help in the kitchen?”
“I think you might actually give me a run for my money when it comes to cooking,” joked Jody. “I can’t wait to try it.
Sam had finished prepping the coffee machine and cleaning up the mess. He was now getting his own breakfast together. Some kind of wheat thing that Dean would never touch with a ten-foot pole.
Jack chuckled, amused. “You've got plans today, then?”
Dean sighed. “Yeah, Sam, I am worried. Okay? We’re allowed to be. We raised that kid. But, what can we do? We can’t just kick him out. So, we face the problem, head-on. Like we always do.”
“It’s just the beginning of the movie, Cas.”
Castiel must have read his mind.
The hunter grinned. “Apparently, he’s been seeing her eating alone at the cafeteria but didn’t know how to approach her ‘cause she always looked, in his words, 'angry at everything.' So, he wants to ask her to dance and see if that could break the ice.”
Castiel wasn’t saying “no.” He still loved Dean. He would always love Dean.
“We have responsibilities.”
Castiel's chest ached in disappointment at himself. “I don’t know how to cook, Dean. You know this.”
He’s now dressed in an old Led Zeppelin shirt, his green cargo jacket, and jeans. He’s wearing
If Dean still has a beating start, it has surely stopped at hearing that voice.
At that, Jack beamed, his earlier excitement returning. “Yes! I’m so glad!”
The familiar white walls of a hospital. A plastic chair. A closed door.
“Turkey bacon for our health nut,” he said, placing it down. “He and Eileen better wake up soon or they’ll miss you.”
Castiel took another container and poured the leftover cranberry sauce in. “What about me?”
Dean pursed his lips and nodded before turning to Castiel to see his reaction. The angel was seriously examining Jack in the shirt, calculating eyes seeming to look at every seam and thread.
Dean chuckled as he bagged the items. “That's what makes us special, sweetheart.”
“Okay.”
That made Dean freeze. He opened his mouth to respond but found that he couldn’t find the right words.
Then, slivers of bright white light come peeking through the void.
“Not a chance!”
“Are you heading somewhere?” he asked her, signing with one hand the best he could.
“Good,” Charlie chirped before going back to her task of mixing the cornbread ingredients.
“They didn’t believe I could do it,” Jack continued, sounding resigned. “I had all these plans for Heaven. To make it a wonderful place for the souls to really and truly be happy. But, they thought it was too ambitious for… a child… to accomplish. If it wasn’t for Cas and Uncle Gabriel vouching for me, they wouldn’t even give me a chance. Even now, sometimes, they watch me closely, waiting for me to make a mistake.” He sighed, loudly. “It’s just… too much. I needed a break from all of it.”
And he was afraid.
“Of course not!” the angel scowled at him before turning back to the kid, who was now looking a little embarrassed. “Why don’t you try on the rest of what you have, Jack?”
Eileen laughed. “They look happy!”
“Jack.”
Dean was still so confused. “What if you just love me the same way you love Sam? Or Jack?”
At that, Dean went silent but the speed of the Impala increased. Taking a brief peek at him, Jack could see how tight his jaw seemed. It made him feel a little guilty, making Dean worry, but this was something worth discussing.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
Castiel rolled his eyes but Dean was already walking away and didn’t see. It was probably best that way.
“You, two, good?” Dean asked, watching him from his spot by the counter.
Sam hesitated, wondering if he was open to a potential death sentence in the hands of his big brother.
“I love a man who knows his way around the kitchen,” she was saying as she scanned the tomatoes. “There should be more of you guys around.”
The staring contest felt like one of their old fights when they were younger. They would bicker about something and neither would back off until John forced them to work it out. Or, if their father wasn’t around, someone would give in. Usually, it was Dean and that was mostly because he lacked patience. And, partly because when Sam was a kid, he had those soft brown puppy eyes that, if he widened them just right, made his brother fall at his feet and give him the last bite of Lucky Charms they had. Sam knew how to utilize it well. Sadly, they didn’t have the same effect as an adult.
Dean hummed but didn’t say or ask anything so Castiel continued.
Castiel turned his head away from the stove to flash him a smile before turning back to finish cooking.
No, they wouldn’t have done that. And Dean would have never forgiven himself if Castiel had returned and realized they had abandoned Jack. He barely forgave himself for treating Jack the way he did.
Castiel suspected, a little, that although they respected her, the archangels may also be a little intimidated by Kelly.
Fortunately, his brother managed to read his mind as he stood up, too, glass of wine in hand.
How did angels love? Was it fleeting? Or was it forever?
“Dean?”
His thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of Claire, Kaia, Jack along with Jody and Stevie.
“Some of them ain’t gonna be happy about that,” muttered Gabriel.
But, that was fine because a while later, Sam returned and he was put to work, immediately. He grumbled and complained about Dean’s bossiness but, nonetheless, did what was asked of him. He wanted this to be a great Thanksgiving, too. One that neither of them ever truly experienced growing up. At some point, Castiel popped his head into the kitchen to ask if they were okay and needed more help. Dean shooed him away while handing him another bag of chips for their guests.
For a second, Eileen was silent, as if trying to read his mind. Then, she nodded. “Okay.” She pressed her lips together before breaking into a smile, “So, I’m going to Colorado for a case.”
“Yeah. I like seeing all of you happy.”
Dean stayed silent for several minutes that Sam thought he had either fallen asleep or was ignoring him. But, then, the older Winchester slowly sat up and backed up to lean against the headboard. He placed fingers at the bridge of his nose and pinched it, as if trying to soothe a headache.
Sam appears behind him with a cup of water and helps Dean drink.
Dean knew he should eat because the food smelt fantastic, if he said so, himself. But, he couldn’t stop watching everyone. They were talking. Laughing. Stealing food from each other’s plates.
“I mean, I don’t get it. High school’s rough. You sure you can handle that? It’s not like how they make it in the movies, you know. There are bullies and homework and tests. Not fun.”
Jack allowed himself a chuckle. “Sam said the same thing.”
“It’s okay, Dean,” the angel’s voice broke through the turmoil in his head. Castiel was smiling. “I never expected any reciprocation. I’m happy enough to simply be your friend.”
“Mister… Dean Campbell?” a woman’s voice asked.
Jack watched as Dean ambled over to Castiel, who gave the mug of coffee one more stir before handing it over to the hunter with a, “Good morning, Dean.”
Confused but amused, Dean chuckled. “Yeah, sure.”
Meanwhile, Sam sidled up to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “It’s good to see you, Cas,” he said with a fond smile.
The peeler almost slipped from his grasp and sliced his hand if Dean hadn’t stopped it on time. “What?”
“It’s okay.”
After lunch, Dean went back to his show and Castiel to his book. This time, both were in the living room. Miracle interrupted them at some point, begging Dean to play, to which he obliged and they played a half hour’s worth of fetch. Then, it was back to his show.
She shrugged. “No big, dude. It’s just a phone.”
That caught Dean off-guard, an unmistakable feeling of warmth enveloping him.
RIIIIIING!
Friends. Jack had friends. Living, breathing, human (and not snake) friends who were his age (sorta) and were worried about him.
“Yeah,” Jack agreed. “It popped up on Casey’s Facebook so it’s most likely been going around. My grandparents… They’re looking for mom.”
“Hi.”
“Dean?”
The song mentioned during the dance is "You and Me" by James TW. I was listening to the song one day and realized that it was a Destiel song so here it is.
Dean wasn’t sure if he was relieved or not. Sure, he liked Eileen. Loved her, even. She was perfect for his brother. And he wouldn’t mind her being his sister-in-law. In fact, he’d be ecstatic. Finally, someone as cool as him was joining the family. But, then again, if she and Sam got married now, wasn’t that a little too fast? Plus, they had the long-distance thing going on. Shouldn't they try living together, first?
“He’s fine, sir, but we need his parent or guardian to come to the school. Would you be able to reach out to Mr. Kline and let him know?”
Dean placed the bottles of beer on the table with a loud clang, prompting everyone to look at him. He picked one up and pointed at the other three. Immediately, Claire and Kaia walked over to grab theirs and Sam reached over Jack's arm for his.
Dean was supposed to be cleaning his guns.
But, then Castiel pressed an affectionate kiss to his temple and Dean was reminded why he didn’t mind the occasional softness so much anymore. (But, again, he wouldn’t admit it, even with a gun to his head.)
“On second thought, maybe we should just bring the bird.”
Castiel patted his cheek, gently. “You don’t have to apologize. I know my shortcomings and I’m glad you told me.”
When Sam spotted the box of
Finally, Dean moved to open his door. “Inside,” he grunted.
“Are we all in agreement then?” Michael asked, looking at each and every one of them in the room.
Good night’s said, the two girls entered their room.
Finally, Castiel spoke. “Dean, I… I don’t know what to say.”
“You, too.”
They followed him back to the kitchen where he pointed to all the steaming dishes on the table. Claire, Kaia, and Jack each grabbed a dish and made their way back to the map room, chattering excitedly because, in Claire’s words, they were “starving.”
He and Sam were all Jack had. Them and…
Castiel walked a couple more doors down and entered his own room. Dean watched as the door quietly closed behind the angel. Letting out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding, he made his way back down the hall towards his room.
“Yeah and you had a great first day!”
You could hear a pin drop in the moment of silence that followed. The kid looked even more guilty now.
Dean glared back, tempted to throw the finger at him but Jack was in the room and he was trying to be a good influence on their kid. Probably too late for that but he wasn’t gonna stop trying, anyway.
“What?”
“They’re walking!” he exclaimed, watching one of the boys toddle over to Castiel, look up at the angel with a curious head tilt, before raising his arms in a silent demand to be picked up.
He’s not ready to say goodbye again.
Jack looked panicked. “Everything?!”
“Why didn’t you tell me how you felt, Cas? Why did you wait until then? Why didn’t you tell me about that stupid deal in the first place?!”
Dean shrugged. “I may not be holding the gun anymore but I sure as hell can teach another hunter how to kill a vampire in ten different ways.”
“Oh.” Sam did not expect that. And he certainly didn’t know how to respond.
“I…” Jack mumbled again.
That rare prick of guilt made itself known to Dean, instantly. His mind went back to hours before, hearing the distressed voice bouncing off the walls of the Dean Cave.
“That’s… good.”
Castiel paused for a second, seeming to contemplate if he should tell him or not. In the end, he did.
Smug at the fact that he won the argument, Dean pushed the cart towards the frozen meat section. Castiel resignedly followed behind him.
She nodded. “Yes?”
“So… you do agree that Castiel is dreamy?”
“It makes me happy seeing him like this. Everything that he went through… everything he sacrificed… I’m glad it was worth it.”
“I could fly to Minnesota with a message for you.”
Even though he knew the sun wouldn’t affect him here (or even out there in the real world), Jack still appreciated the gesture.
“Oh! Yes, yes, I’m a… freshie.”
“The wards?”
Dean’s lips twitched. “Hey, Cas. Just checking in.”
Surprised at that, Castiel opened his eyes and flashed him a questioning look.
And, so, finally...
Jack cleared his throat. “Being God… can be such a burden, sometimes.”
Crowley. Rowena. Heck, even Ruby and Meg cross his mind.
“I feel as if I’ve missed something vital,” he admitted to the group.
“Claire’s cooking this year.”
What else could Dean say to that?
When that was done, they went back downstairs. Dean retreated to the living room to catch up on some of his shows. Meanwhile, Castiel picked up his book from the coffee table and went outside to the back porch to read the morning away. At some point, Miracle got up from her pillow to follow him outside.
On the other side of the table, on Sam’s left, was Jody, and next to her was Alex. Beside Alex sat Gertie, who had bonded with the older girl and wanted to sit next to her. Next to Gertie was Kaia, then Claire, and then Jack, who wanted to sit next to Claire. And, of course, beside Jack was Castiel, who was on Dean’s right. Miracle was given his own dish of food in the corner, facing everyone (he was already chomping so, hopefully, he would be too full to beg for scraps).
When the kid and dog were gone, Castiel finally stepped forward, looking worried.
Damnit, why didn’t he keep his gun close?
Castiel hummed. “He does. I’m glad he’s liking school. He’s making friends and he seems to genuinely enjoy his classes.” He flashed a grateful smile at the hunter. “Thank you, Dean.”
How could he even begin to explain this? He couldn’t tell her the truth. The truth was all kinds of crazy! And he was doing so well here. He was living a normal life. And he didn’t want the Winchesters and Castiel’s efforts to ensure his identity was secure to go to waste.
Sam’s heart just about burst with warmth at seeing Jack so happy and content.
Dean’s heart drops to his stomach.
“I know.” Dean smiled, reaching out to pat his arm. “You’ve got dad duties. No worries. For now, we just stick making sure Jack’s good.”
“Dresser.”
Sam sighed, not really wanting to recall that awful incident months ago but found himself talking about it anyway.
Beaming in satisfaction at that, Jack nodded. “Okay. I shall remain as myself.”
Jack squinted in contemplation. “I don’t think so. I like the way I dress now. Unless… you think I should change it?”
“S-Sam…” he manages.
But, Jack knew Dean and had a bond with it. It was a rocky bond but a bond nonetheless.
“Yes,” Jack answered before cutting into a waffle and starting to eat.
Sam was lucky that he broke away. He, now, wished that Dean had that chance.
But, there was a part of him… a very small part of him… that still questioned if what he was feeling was something worth exploring or if it was simply the result of a selfish desire to keep Castiel around
“Okay.”
“It was barely a scratch-.”
Sam snorts as he inserted the key. “Don’t be ridiculous, Dean. Cars don’t go to heaven.”
proud of me?”
“I tried to sleep with someone last night.”
“Oh. Okay. Thank you.”
He had said it so much this night alone that Castiel knew he couldn’t ignore it any longer. There was a reason Jack ran away from Heaven. And there was a reason he didn’t want to go back. As his chosen father, Castiel was supposed listen. And he didn’t. Jack reacted, as he was entitled to. But, Castiel would listen, now.
So, it was just Dean, Sam, and Jack taking this trip, just a couple of days before Christmas. They had left as soon as Jack’s school holiday party ended. (They hadn’t had the chance to watch the video of the play he was in yet but they were sure Jack rocked it as a more watered-down, kid-friendly version of Gabriel.)
“Cool. Well, I gotta go. Nice catching up with you, Dean.”
He lifted a hand to greet their neighbor who was out on a morning walk. “Morning, James.”
He so rarely received hugs nowadays. Only his mother and Castiel ever offered them to him. His uncles, although Jack knew they loved him, were not affectionate beings. None of the other angels felt any sort of kinship with him. To them, he was simply the new God who brought them back from the dead in order to work on the new Heaven. He was their superior, not their family.
Castiel nodded. “They offered to resurrect the runaway angels and demons, as well as a few others and convinced the Empty that the move was needed. Chuck left everything broken and in shambles. They needed reinforcements to restore the balance of the universe. And, that way, the Empty can return to its rest. Well, it seemed that the Empty valued its sleep more than revenge because it agreed. And I was one of the angels resurrected. It wasn’t too happy about that.” Castiel chuckled, amused, before his face went serious again. “But… there’s a price.”
At the end of the night, Jack excused himself to bed. Miracle trotted behind him – he had made a permanent residence in Jack’s room and even had his own pillow and collection of toys there. Sam and Eileen helped clean up the board game but quickly also said good night, wanting to spend some alone time together since Eileen was leaving to head home the next day. That left Dean and Castiel to clear up the pizza boxes and beer bottles and clean the table.
Dean steeled himself.
Another figure – new and familiar – strode in like she owned the place.
It was almost like nothing had changed.
“Jack has been missing from Heaven for three days. The archangels are covering it up but I need to bring him back.”
Feeling himself blush, Sam cleared his throat and looked around the War Room. Why he needed to since he was all alone right now aside from the dog, he didn’t know.
“Dean… are you alright? You don’t sound like yourself.”
“Baby is special.”
Sam passed the phone to Castiel, who was sitting next to him. Dean looked over the angel’s shoulder, their cheeks almost pressed against each other’s.
Shit. Was this what parents who had kids in college felt like?!
Dean fought the blush that threatened to spill over his cheeks. “Yeah, that. I wouldn’t mind. I want to be sure before I… you know… say it.”
“It’s for girls.”
Castiel wanted to keep prodding but decided that Dean was right. They were here for Jack, not for themselves. Besides, it wasn’t like he wanted anyone else but Dean.
He ends up staying at the hospital for several weeks. And true to his word, Castiel doesn't leave. He’s there when Dean wakes up and still there when he goes to sleep. Sam is also there most of the time but now that Dean is awake and is, for sure, going to live, according to the doctors, he goes back to the bunker to make sure Miracle is fed, watered, and walked.
“I didn’t want you to hate me.”
Zayn shrugged. “Suit yourself.”
A/N: I'm so sorry that this was incredibly late. I've been pre-occupied with some real-world stuff that I've had to prioritize. So this chapter is a little short but it's got as much sweetness in it that I could muster.
“Cas, he…” He paused, pursing his lips.
A creaking sound that could only be the bunker door opening made Sam pause, turkey bacon halfway to his mouth. Across from him, Dean also froze, his eyes moving to the doorway. Someone was in the bunker. And seeing as no other hunter had made a call to let them know they were stopping by, what they had was an intruder.
“Jack, where are you?! Call me back.”
Well, since everyone was engrossed, Sam decided to do a little research.
Then, another thought occurred to him.
“Where the hell are you?! And where’s Jack?!”
Castiel angled his head just right, with the sun behind him creating a halo effect, truly giving him an angelic visage and Dean… Dean was mesmerized. With the way the blue in Castiel’s eyes sparkled. The way the crow’s feet around them spoke of age and experience. The way his nose twitched with excitement at whatever the lady was telling him. The smile that graced his lips.
Castiel looks up at him,
Cas<3: If you need to talk, I don’t mind staying up a bit longer
“Give me a sec, I need to change out of my stupid Batman PJs.”
Dean: ofc you think it’s easy mr. multi var.
“Just like Joker and Robin try to do!” Cas says, trying so hard to get the pop culture reference right.
“Shove it, Castiel, that doesn’t matter right now.”
Cas<3: Thanks Dean. I’ll see you in history third period.
Cas<3: Ah, I remember that. It’s all easy once you get the hang of it.
“What’s the plan for today, Dad?” Castiel asks, speaking for the first time in a while.
“Fifteen minutes. Don’t be late or we’ll leave without you.”
“Batman is the coolest. I’ll be down in a minute.”
“No that’s half angles babe.”
Dean could barely read Sam’s scribbles but he was sure that the science experiment Sam was referring to involved blowing something up. The clock reads 7:16 PM. Dean knows he should just cook dinner and get back to studying but the taunt of doing anything but that were so great that he finds himself pulling on his shoes and grabbing his jacket. He could walk and pick Sam up then they could maybe go to Rose’s. Treat themselves to some good pie. He walks out the door and into the evening.
With that Dean pulls Castiel into his room and closes the door behind him. Silently they get ready for bed, which really only entails throwing their stuff down and plugging in their phones. Dean keeps a separate charger plugged in for when Castiel stays over, which happens more often than Dean would care to admit. They get into bed and just lie there for a while. It’s almost five and they have to be up again in two hours to make it to school on time, especially since Castiel has to drop by his house to grab his stuff for school.
“Language, Anna,” Naomi says, appearing out of seemingly nowhere, already dressed with a full face of makeup.
“No, you’re not.”
“That’s a technicality Samsquatch”
Finals week hurtled towards Dean like a horse running from a fire, but what was even closer was the pre-calc study guide in front of Dean, that for the life of him he couldn’t understand. He sat at his desk, numbers floating around in head, none of them making sense. He felt so dumb. This should all be basic, but to him it was the hardest thing in the world.
Dean sighs and looks at Cas, “Damn kids.”
“Are you okay?” Castiel asks. concerned.
“Another beer sir? I’m aching for another one of these Capri Suns.”
“Of course. I always love helping you.”
“Of course, sweetheart! Why don’t you go upstairs and pick out another toy while I talk to your sister?” Dean puts her down and she runs up the stairs, blonde curls bouncing with every step.
Where are you?
“Yeah?”
(See the end of the chapter for
that said, i’m in a really good place now. like the best i’ve ever been.
They drive through the streets of Lawrence, Kansas. Lawrence is the typical mid-west small town with family owned businesses with endless cornfields as their backdrop. Lawrence is a sleepy little town that nobody would pay attention to if they drove through, but to those who live there, it’s magical. You see, if you just drive through Lawrence you miss all its charm. You miss the 24-hour diner, Rose’s, which is one of the best damn diners in the country. You miss the general store on Main with the old man who always gives candy to the kids and cigs to the adults. You miss the old church where kids go to play. You cannot just drive through Lawrence because Lawrence is special, at least according to those who live there.
“When will you be back?” John asks.
“Come one, we’re almost done with your study guide. You’ve made so much progress.”
thanks for entertaining my heartbroken 1 am rambles and hopefully it won’t be two months before i update again, but no promises.
Cas smiles,
“Nah, thanks though. Tell the others we’re taking the boat again in about fifteen minutes. I want Alfie’s kids to get another round on the tube before they have to go.”
“What?”
“You two are sickening.”
“Promise?” the toddler says, leaking out of the corners of her eyes.
“JOYEUSE FÊTE DU CANADA!” Gabriel yells from the dock.
“Whoa, calm down, Sammy,” Dean says, taking a deep breath, “Look, Dad does this a lot and if something bad had happened, the Bureau would have sent someone by now. You know how he gets when he gets all in the zone.”
also this chapter is sappy as shit. blame sleep deprivation and indie music.
“Dean! I thought you were studying?”
“I love you.”
Dean’s best friend Charlie leans over after the teacher finishes talking,
“Tomorrow morning, sir,” Dean says.
Dean: nah u go to bed it’s okay
“Alright guys! Homework to me and backpacks up front. You guys should get started as quickly as possible.”
They also hadn’t taken a case since the werewolf in Colorado, which Sam and Eileen resolved in less than a week. Eileen had decided to stay with them for a while, wanting to be there for Jack’s first week of school.
“Yeah.”
Then, the sasquatch flashed Dean a look, grin turning into a smirk. The little bitch, he had been doing that almost every day since the night they talked about him moving out and the deal between Castiel and the Empty.
Dean’s heart stuttered.
Sam knew exactly how John was. And it was no surprise that Dean, who idolized the man as much as he hated him, was raised to fear the other. The unknown. The different.
“So, you don’t like Cas that way.”
This chapter is dedicated to the 3 of you!
“Soup’s on, Sammy!” Dean barked when he saw him at the door. “We got eggs and bacon and that turkey bacon shit you like. You want waffles, too?”
There was always something about seeing the early morning sunrise that made Sam a little emotional.
Sam had double-checked the wards three days ago, so whatever was outside was obviously something they were trying to keep out.
Amara made a soft humming sound. “I see. Did you try to see if her father was simply misplaced?”
“Why would I be angry?”
Their boys.
The place was neither ritzy nor sleazy, sort of in-between. It was Sam’s kind of bar. Decent food, decent drinks, and his shoes don’t stick to the floor. He and Dean sat on stools at the bar table and ordered a beer each and a bowl of chips to share.
“It’s good to see you, too. I’m sorry I haven’t visited in a while.”
Dean knew he was a douchebag. There was no use denying it. He knew about his anger issues. He knew about his tendency to blame the people around him for everything that went wrong in his life. And he knew that he treated Jack like shit when all the kid wanted was his love and approval. His pride prompted him to plug his ears when Sam tried to tell him. He should have realized that no matter how many good memories he had shared with Jack, no matter how many times he called Jack his kid, he knew that his stupid anger had affected the way Jack saw himself in Dean’s life.
The boy grinned at him from his own open locker. “These lockers are old as balls and they get stuck a lot. Just give ‘em a little bang and they’re good to go.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?!”
Dean wants to laugh but finds himself unable to do so.
Still smiling, Sam turned his head to see how Miracle was doing. The dog was engrossed in a game of chase the tail with another dog. He turned his head to look for Dean and Jack. The latter seemed to have gotten better at throwing. The ball was actually reaching Dean this time.
Speaking of.
“Nah, I got it. Can you grab the wine though?”
“Not going for a run this morning?” Dean asked.
“Well, there isn’t much for comparison. Angels have never had social events like this in Heaven and I don’t recall any time in our friendship when we were ever invited to parties. But, I suppose it’s… nice. The children seem to enjoy it.”
Eileen nodded and signed,
“I was updating him.”
And with that, Castiel spread his wings and flew.
Jack tried not to let his startle known when Dean winked at Castiel before making his way to the table.
Castiel opened the door and was immediately greeted with a hug from Eileen followed by Sam. Dean went out to meet them, practically jumping on his giant of a brother to receive a hug.
“Jack!” Dean scolded, angrily. “Power down! What the hell?! Are you trying to blast us into next week?!”
Of course.
“Ya, idjit, just gonna stand there watching or are ya going back to cook?”
Jack spoke into the phone. “I’m alright, Sam. I just got detention for hitting a bully.”
But, otherwise, he didn’t exactly have time for hobbies, thank you!
“Witch hunt in Louisiana,” Claire cut in with a grin.
“No reason.” Claire shrugged nonchalantly but her shoulder looked tense. “It’s just… you know… strict religious upbringing. My dad instilled the fear of God in me from the moment I was old enough to understand. And then he went off to be an angel’s meat suit. He missed a lot about… me. And… I don’t know if he would have…”
The delicious aroma of burgers greeted them when they opened the door to the bunker. It made Jack’s mouth water and he realized that he hadn't eaten since lunch. So, he and Sam followed the scent to the kitchen where they found Dean and Castiel laughing about something, the earlier tension completely gone. Miracle bounded forward with an excited bark, happy to see Dean.
In the car, Dean hummed along to the song playing – one of his tapes, if Jack wasn’t mistaken. The hunter seemed happy. At peace. Seeing him like this was getting more and more common in the last couple of months.
Casey pouted. “I guess.”
It was strange. Kelly had been dead for four years now and they knew she was doing well and was even happy in her afterlife. But, they couldn’t exactly say that to her parents, could they? A loss was a loss, no matter what.
“Yeah, old man! Put us to work, will you?” declared Claire with a smirk.
“She asked me to dance with her.”
Jack looked so happy that Sam couldn’t bring himself to say anything and just let him enjoy it.
“Whoaaa, did you shrink?” she asked, chuckling.
“Where the hell are you guys?!?!” shrieked Sam’s voice. “I was in the storage room organizing and when I went back upstairs, you were gone!”
“Hey, man. Uh… what’s up?” He almost kicked himself for that.
Jack opened his eyes, giving himself a few seconds to ground himself. Meditating to reach his subconscious to visit Amara always made him somewhat sleepy.
“Dude, are you crying?” he teased, a little surprised.
As they finished up dinner, Sam loudly cleared his throat as he took Eileen's hand in his.
Swallowing the lump in his throat, Jack nodded and took careful steps towards them. He opened his mouth to explain but found that he couldn’t find the right words. So, instead, he opened his phone’s gallery, tapped on the image he took of Casey’s screen, and handed it over to Sam, who was the closest.
“Still…”
He swallowed the lump in his throat. “A couple of days ago, I was visiting the souls, making sure everything was okay and that renovations were on schedule. And they are, Anna is very time-efficient and the angels listen to her and-.”
In no time, Jack finished his worksheet. He put his pencil down and stretched, loosening his muscles. Sitting for so long always made everything ache, strange enough. But, it’s a nice kind of ache. It made him feel more human.
The brothers each took a stack of plates and silverware and took them to the War Room. Everyone looked up as they entered and seeing what they brought, almost everyone immediately stood up.
His phone pinged with a text and Sam reached out for it, thinking it was Eileen asking about the links she sent.
“Well, how did you want me to react, Cas? You thought about leaving! You’re always leaving!”
Castiel felt his lips twitch into a sad smile. “I’m sorry, Kelly. And Jack is sorry as well for suddenly leaving.”
Her lip twitched, as if fighting a smile.
At that response, Dean tore his gaze away, disappointed. “Oh. Yeah, that’s… fine.”
“You have to watch your cholesterol, Dean! You’re not twenty-six anymore!”
“Of?”
The boy looked up when they entered and his lip trembled as he looked at Castiel with forlorn eyes.
He showered, got dressed in clothes he chose the night before, packed up his brand new backpack, and skipped out into the hall towards the kitchen. The unmistakable scent of breakfast tickled his nose as he entered.
“So, uh, everyone’s happy, huh?”
“Thank you, Agents,” said Mr. Kline. “But, we would appreciate it if you leave. Please.”
So Castiel explained everything he discussed with the archangels (while also signing, of course, for Eileen’s benefit). About their concerns about Jack being gone. About how Kelly defended his choice. About how they finally gave in and decided to split Jack’s tasks among themselves. And about the timeline.
Oh, Dean didn’t even think of that. They wouldn’t want any toddler accidents. “Go ahead,” he said, absentmindedly.
Dean sighed. “Look, just take it easy, okay? Go to the Dean Cave or don’t, do whatever you want. This is your home, too. Just let me and Sam fix your room up so you can hole up in here when you want.”
He’s pretty sure the pace his heart is beating right now is not good for his current condition.
Releasing just a little bit of energy, he poked his way into her brain, slowly but surely removing the memory of her seeing the post. He was careful, making sure not to touch anything else but just this one instance, just this one memory.
“What?! You got detention?! And you guys didn’t think to tell me?! Or call me?! What am I?! Yesterday’s casserole?!”
Kaia blushed and looked away. “Ahhh, thanks. Wow. I didn’t think we were so obvious.”
Dean silently whooped, a feeling of pride taking over. His kid was a damn hero.
He turns his gaze back to smile at Castiel again, reassuring the angel that he’s okay. He’s going to be okay.
The two of them watched as Jack dug into his waffles, eagerly. He had smothered them in maple syrup and powdered sugar. Normally, Sam would say something about his teeth rotting. Jack had an uncontrollable sweet tooth (which kind of reminded him of Gabriel but, then again, the two
Jack wracked his brain. Zayn liked a lot of girls. At least one in each of his classes. He didn’t seem committed to them, though, but Jack knew very little about dating rituals. He was only, technically, four years old, after all.
But, despite all that, he really has no regrets.
They walked towards the open doors of the high school. And if their hands occasionally brushed, light as can be, Dean chose to ignore it.
Instantly, Dean’s grin disappeared. “What the hell do you mean by that?” he asked, sounding offended.
“Me?” Castiel asked, intrigued. “What about me, Dean?”
As soon as his bedroom door closed behind him, Sam wasted no time pulling Eileen into his arms again. Her head reached under his chin, the perfect height. He buried his nose into her hair, taking in the familiar scent of the sun and her cucumber shampoo that she was secretly fond of but would deny if anyone asked.
Castiel volunteered to clean up so they could enjoy themselves. And, to his surprise, Dean opted to stay and help.
“I don’t know exactly why every time I’ve died, I always returned in Jimmy’s form. But his body was comfortable to me in a way that Elizabeth’s never was. He… He’s angry with me, you know. That night he died, when he begged me to spare Claire, I felt his anger and his sadness and his disappointment. It continues to haunt me now every time I look in the mirror. Jimmy and Amelia have been in Heaven for years now, yet, I have not had the courage to visit him.”
“I don’t want Cas to worry about it, okay?!”
“For what it’s worth, it’s an honor to love you, Dean. I don’t need reciprocation to know that. And I’m happy with our friendship.”
The Corolla’s spot was still empty so Castiel hadn't returned yet.
“Hey, you two,” he greeted as they descended the stairs.
Not for the first time, Castiel thanked the size and speed of his wings. He was anxious to return to Earth. To Jack. To Sam and Dean. To home.
“So… high school?”
“Jack mentioned in his introduction that he lived with an uncle whom he sees as a father,” she stated, carefully.
“Did he now?”
He quickly paid, grabbed all four bags, and left the store. He was in there for maybe only 20 minutes. He wondered if Dean and Castiel had finished talking or if they just went ahead killed each other, instead.
“It’s their home, Dean!” he had insisted when Dean tried to argue his stance.
“Yeah, it’s upstairs, I can grab it.”
“By the way, Jody called while I was at the store,” Castiel said, putting a box of cereal away in the pantry. “She’s asking what we’re bringing to Thanksgiving.”
That broke Sam out of his stupor. “Jack!” he exclaimed, dropping the knife and rushing over to the kid.
“We’re having ice cream, right now, Sam,” said Castiel. “Would you like us to bring you some?”
So, even the strict and uptight woman wasn’t immune to Jack’s charms. Well, if he could soften the heart of witches like Rowena who ended up as the Queen of Hell, he could do the same to a school principal.
“Keep looking at Cas like that and he’ll burst into flames.”
Castiel returned her smile, squeezed her close to his side before releasing her arm from his hold.
lucky, he got a full eight hours and that was a luxury. The years of staying in shitty motel rooms and potential threats waiting just outside the door weren’t conducive to healthy sleeping habits. But, he made do and it was fine. Really.
“Um, yeah, sure.”
Eileen nodded. “That’s what I think, too. It’s sloppy. All the victims are from the same brothel. And it didn’t even bother hiding the bodies, just left them out in the open. This is probably just a milk run but… do you want to come with me? I can be in Lebanon by tomorrow night to pick you up.”
“Jack’s school called. We have to go.”
“Jack,” Sam took over, a bit more gently. “We just need you to tell us the truth. Why are you really here?”
“Cas, what about ‘I want to kiss you’ didn’t you get?”
Here, Castiel paused, eyes closed, as if taking a moment and remembering. Then, he took a deep breath.
“Hello?” Dean said again.
Dean was overheating and that shouldn’t be possible because he just had ice cream.
“We… We’ve been thinking of moving in together,” Sam finished.
“You said… that your happiness… is the one thing you can’t have.”
Shuffling awkwardly on his spot by the stairs, Dean caught Castiel’s eyes. The angel was standing by the war table, looking at him, expectantly.
Dean hummed, taking a bite out of his sandwich, his skin prickling at the close proximity of Castiel’s arm to his own. Stupid Sam and his stupid looks making him think about his stupid feelings.
“Alright. Be careful, Dean.”
“Can I grab some things from my locker?” Jack asked them.
Dean’s brain short-circuited – he couldn’t look away from the scene.
Dean paused his own chopping. “What? Where did you hear that?”
Yes, Eileen was right. They had all the time in the world. But, if Sam learned anything after all the crazy shit they all went through was to not waste a single second of time given to them.
“Thanks, Cas. I’ll see you.”
“They’re so cute!” Jack exclaimed, poking baby Castiel on the cheek.
“What does that mean?”
He signed back, “I love you, too.”
Jack visibly deflated as his eyes skimmed the reports. None of the brightness that he often held when did homework. This was work. Work that he didn’t enjoy.
Dean immediately protested. “Cas, I don’t think-.”
What did Castiel have to do with this conversation? It wasn’t like he would bother Dean about his love life, right? Unless…
Jack hoped they wouldn’t. Today was his first day of school at John Adams High School.
The hunt. With the vampires and the clown masks and the missing kids.
“Yeah, they are! Fast little rascals! I can barely keep up with them these days!” Garth sounded proud and Dean couldn’t help but share the sentiment.
Sam swallowed and looked down at the floor. He looked almost small, considering his size was that of a sasquatch. So, Dean knew that this was pretty important. In fact, this was probably what Sam had been nervous about for the past couple of days. It made Dean suddenly nervous, too, as a million possible scenarios ran through his mind.
When the tie was nice and snug, Dean took a step back, whistling.
“It’s alright. We won’t punish you. You’ll be punished enough with detention. But, please, do not smoke marijuana and share your life story with the others in detention.”
He pulled up a browser on his phone and typed: High schools in Lebanon, Kansas.
Jack parroted back the same he told everyone else. “I needed a break.”
Gentle arms wrapped around him and Jack allowed himself to take in the comfort, laying his head on her shoulder.
Sam and Eileen entered, both dressed and ready for the day. They were grinning at Dean, who scowled in response.
Everyone laughed and even Castiel, who looked confused, joined in.
“I’ve been telling him stories. About my childhood. High school.”
“Dean did sports too!”
“…. Sam….”
“Hey, kiddo, how was school?” he asked as Jack slid in.
Eileen chuckled again. “He texts me about what happens at school, sometimes. It sounds like he’s really fitting in.”
“Take it easy on him,” Sam muttered to Castiel as he passed.
“You would know if you answered your phone!”
“Right. Sorry.” He cleared his throat and continued, “So, there I was, checking in on the souls as always. Then, a woman came up to me. She demanded to know why her father was not in Heaven. It turns out, he had died decades prior and she couldn’t find him anywhere. So, I told her that if he wasn’t there, he… he may be in Hell. She… didn’t like that answer.”
He’s not sure how long he’s been out for but there’s a whispering in his ear. Various voices he can’t name. What they’re saying, Dean can’t decipher. But, they’re there. They’re kind of annoying.
Raphael may sound angry, but upon closer inspection, Castiel could pinpoint the fear in his voice. He was frightened that history would repeat itself. Michael must have noticed it, too, as he placed a gentle hand on Raphael’s arm, squeezing it in comfort.
Cas is looking up from the bed, eyes wandering around the room. "Dean", he chokes out. "I know that you can hear me. I... Jack's heaven, it is going to be perfect. I know. I was there. You will like it." His voice breaks. "I will be with you quite soon, I expect."
Dean recognizes the glare as the one he has not seen in twelve years, a menacing, domineering, terrifying death glare. He cannot help but shudder even if the fury is not directed at himself.
Despite being still fully clothed, Dean is already wrecked.
"Claire." He frowns. "What are you doing here?"
When Sam comes into the library a few minutes later, the two of them are still kissing. Carefully, he backtracks toward the corridor, mumbling to himself "Finally."
"Ah." Cas nods in understanding.
"Uh... reciprocate." Dean makes a dismissive gesture.
I wish you would...
"Uh... Sure."
Sam scoffs. "Fine, don't tell me." He turns towards the corridor. "Hi there, Cas."
Anything you want, as long as it doesn't hurt other people."
"I see where you are going with this, Jack. But, even if if hadn't been for Rose..."
As the four of them walk towards the Impala, Chuck calls after them. "Guys... Guys... wait. Guys... Guys! No, wait. G-Guys... Guys, wait! Guys, wait! Guys, wait! Wait, wait, wait! Please wait! Guys!"
"I love you", he tells Lisa, not sure if he means it. But it is good, this, right now.
", Dean mutters. Desperate for friction, he grabs Cas' hips to pull them down.
In fact, the angel in question is smiling broadly.
"Excellent", Jack replies. "It's a deal, then." He extends his hand to her, and she takes it.
With a thud, Dean and Jack land on the ground in the corridor outside of the compartment, which is sealed by now.
"How do you feel about, uh, doctors?"
"Hm." The woman (whose name is either Katie or Kathy) brings up her hand to run it through his hair. "So what now?"
, he thinks, repeating it like a mantra.
For a very brief moment Dean searches himself, wondering if there is anything else he would like to say to John. When he cannot come up with anything, he nods. "Sure."
"It actually only took three months. Wow."
me leave, can't you? Not if I don't want to."
Finally, his face red, Dean mumbles "I'm gonna assume you don't feel anything like that, then."
Dean swallows. Sam was right. He
Sam is standing there, holding Cas' shoulder, while sobbing himself. Eileen is hugging Sam, tears running down her cheeks.
"Don't know. And frankly, I don't care", Sam replies, clenching his fists.
"You go, tiger", Dean calls after him, then turns to face Cas. "So, Cas, how about some moves? I mean, I'll bet you'll find some ladies willing to dance with you."
"I don't know. Um, like... some sort of dizziness, something weird happening in my chest and gut, and..."
Turning back toward the angel, Dean can feel his throat go dry. "Cas..." He throws up his arms in a helpless gesture. "I'm sorry. You said all those beautiful words, and I..."
"Dean."
"All right", Mary mumbles, pulling him in for a short hug.
Dean cuts off Cas' sentence by kissing him. As Cas' love runs through him, he does not need to look up in order to know that it is also washing over everything else in the universe, making the world anew. Bringing all of it back, the people, the birds and the rest.
"One more song", Cas agrees.
The Queen of Moondoor greets Cas with a hug. "Hey, Cas. It's good to see you two reunited." She pauses for a short moment before she continues. "Now that you are here, I was wondering, would you like to play too? ... I promise, it's fun."
"She is saying... 'Creation's Shadow. The Great Nothing. The resting place for everything this is from Heaven and Hell. I am calling to you. I am the Darkness, and I compel you to appear before me."
"Of course I'm here, where else would I be?" Bobby throws up his arms. "I'm not going anywhere. And we all had to welcome you."
"You recreated it." He squints, trying not to be blinded by the sun reflected in the water.
"Could you...", Dean asks, and Cas understands immediately, reaching for the drawer to remove the pack of condoms. Carefully, he puts one on Dean and then bends down.
"Yeah, you should have." Dean shakes his head. "You should have let me know that you were fine."
I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish you would..."
For the fourth time this day, Dean blushes violently. "I'm not kissing you", he clarifies.
"The rift punched a hole into the TARDIS, I think!", Jack shouts, hitting the intercom. "Doctor, if you could get us out before the compartment runs out of air, that would be splendid!"
"Think it might be enough for one or two mini-pies?", Dean asks with a grin.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. "Which sort of approach, Dean?"
"Dean?" Cas' eyes are wide.
"What?", Dean repeats.
"Are you in love with me?", Castiel asks.
But instead... Uh, does the phrase 'butterflies in the stomach' mean anything to you?"
"All right, back to the parking lot it is."
"It's just... I have lived for a long time. ... Much longer than a human should. And I picked up some things along the way, you know. ... Like, how to detect interest. ... You see, I crave distraction." He pauses. "So... every time I see something which isn't clear disinterest or shows the, er, slightest sign of interest, I go for it."
Castiel's voice is dangerously low when he continues "Let us just say, if it were not that way, if Dean and Sam were thinking otherwise, ... I am not sure where you would be."
"Sweetheart, come over here. The boy wants to hear our story again", Dean calls out to Cas, who is sitting at the table with Sam.
"Manly. Yes. Exactly. And, uh, Dad's image of what 'manly' means..."
At the kitchen counter, tiny bits of tomato which are barely recognizable as such are scattered.
"You... You didn't even realize, did you? What difference it made. I... When you were gone, nothing seemed to matter anymore. And then you came back, and... It was like the sun had been blocked out and came back." He beams. "This might be my favorite memory with you, you know. You agreeing to wear this cowboy hat." He chuckles. "I, uh... I think, after that, I felt quite comfortable with my feelings for you for a while. Even without acknowledging what sort of feelings those were." He frowns. "I'm sorry if I don't make much sense."
And I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. -
Castiel sighs. "Yeah, I got that by now."
"I wish you would come back, -
"Maybe, but, uh, there is a small problem with that."
"To you too, Dean", Cas replies with a smile. The smile seems a bit sad, though. "Uh... you remember the 'research' I told you about?", he asks, making air quotes with both hands. "It was not so much 'research' as..." He hesitates. "I better show you." With a wave, he signals Dean to follow him onto the corridor. "As I said, Eileen mentioned Valentine's Day to me, and, she, uh, made a suggestion I could try out. I... did try it out, and it did not exactly work out as planned."
flirt with me." He huffs. "Now, the good Doctor said something about saving the world, so should we get to it and maybe find another access point for the engine?"
Cas sighs. "Let's just say that I don't like witches very much."
"I... I'm sorry, a
As they kiss, the last lines of "Auld Lang Syne" play.
"Right." The Doctor smiles at Yaz. "I promised you a picnic in the Neverending Forest." She looks at Sam.  "You three want to come as well? It's very romantic there."
Dean emits a shallow laugh. "Right. Of course. So you are saying, you don't care?"
"Yeah, well, this is the problem with dragons in general. Let us go and get rid of it, before people are killed." Dean glances at the knight.
"It's just not okay to have feelings for...", Dean rambles. "I shouldn't... I mean, it's just... wait, what?" He looks at Castiel in shock. "What did you say?"
"Castiel", Chuck begs, clutching one of Cas' knees. "It cannot end like this. You cannot leave me like this, powerless. ... Please. Just smite me or something."
Frustrated, he drops the knife, running his hands through his hair.
"Heh." Dean chuckles. "Yes. I did that."
I wish you would..."
In other news, yes, it's that time of year again-
"Dean, what..."
When Cas looks at him with a concerned frown, Dean adds, with emphasis "Don't you
Castiel frowns. "I do not recall us discussing a reward."
"Uh, what happened?"
"What? I just want to help", the Captain counters with the most innocent face he can manage (which is not very innocent).
At this, Dean looks up. Even from the distance still between them, Cas can see him smile.
Jack raises his eyebrows. "I guess it could not hurt to talk to them about it, then."
It wasn’t the first time Castiel had told them that he loved them. The dude was affectionate and had more heart than any other creature Sam knew.
Thirty minutes in, Dean started chatting up the woman who sat down next to him. Sam kept his concentration on the Football game playing on the T.V. It wasn’t that he loved Football or anything. Watching Dean pick up women was always awkward for him. But it happened. It was routine. And Sam almost always felt bad for the women.
“I could join a Robotics Club,” piped Jack. “One of the schools Sam found for me has a team who are state champions.”
“For what it’s worth, Mr. and Mrs. Kline, Kelly was a wonderful person. She was brave and strong. She died doing what she thought was right. Wherever she is, we know she’s at peace.”
“What’s it like?” Kaia asked. “Being in high school?”
It wasn’t until he was grilling the burgers that he realized that Castiel never answered his first question.
The couple laughed.
“It’s fine, Jack. I think it’s great that you want to go to school. Learning new things and making friends. Plus, you get to participate in a lot of activities. Um, arts, sports, even science.”
“Pfft, I wasn’t into that nerd stuff-.”
It was a well-known fact that he and Kelly were very good friends, considering she left her son in his care. If there was anyone else in Heaven who knew Kelly intimately aside from Jack, it was Castiel.
As usual, they didn't talk about Dean's night. They never did because if Sam even uttered a word, Dean would shut down. He'd assure him he was fine, that no, he wasn't an alcoholic, what are you talking about, Sammy, he was just enjoying their brand spanking new life of freedom and free will. It was what they fought and suffered and lost people for. Why shouldn't Dean enjoy it? Lighten up, Rapunzel!
Jack seemed like he wanted to protest but Castiel was set in his decision. So giving up, the boy nodded, wished him a good night, and left the room. As soon as his footsteps faded into silence, Castiel let out a loud sigh. In shaky legs, he stumbled towards the couch and sank into it.
The voice talking.
. Wow. It was like the heavens had opened up to shine a light on every single moment Dean and Castiel shared from the moment they met the angel.
Castiel averted his eyes, not wanting to intrude on the intimate moment, but found himself smiling anyway. Love was a truly wonderful thing. He may not have such a love but it was enough seeing Sam, a good friend of his, have it. It was what he deserved.
He offered to help her with her bags but she declined, saying that she and Sam were planning on leaving for a case in Colorado soon after. She would stay long enough to hear Castiel’s news. She slipped her arm around his and he escorted her into the bunker.
The blonde raised a hand to wave. “Claire Novak.”
“We could have figured something out. With the whole Empty deal. We could have figured it out, Cas.”
“I dropped out of college,” Claire chimed in. “Just wasn’t for me. Went hunting full-time. My sister, Alex, though, had a blast in nursing school. She’s a nurse now. And Patience will probably be in school forever, she loves it too much. She’ll never leave.”
He wore the red button-down shirt, black tie, and black blazer he had picked out during the weekend along with the dark jeans and polished leather shoes. His tousled blonde hair was neatly brushed, with a little gel to keep it neatly in place. In short, Jack looked cool and ready to party!
But, he wanted it. And it was here. He just… needed to bring it up to his brother.
“No.” Chuckling, Castiel picked up a napkin and reached over to him. Gently, he began to wipe away the chocolate stain on Dean’s face. “You’re a messy eater.”
Dean shrugged. “I’ll clean it up, don’t you worry your pretty little head.”
Sadness and longing emanated from the woman he had come to call his friend. She had been elated when Jack appeared in her heaven and had tried to make up for years of absence.
“Yeah? That’s good.” Dean reached out and patted him on the shoulder.
Knocking on the fitting room door, Dean called out, “Hey, Jack. It’s me. You okay in there?”
“You’re not a fool.”
For a moment, Charlie was silent, her gaze firmly on the bowl of unmixed ingredients in front of her, lips in a thin line. Dean could tell that she was thinking, probably wanting to avoid tearing him a new one. Honestly, he would prefer that to her silence. Charlie wasn’t Charlie when she wasn’t confronting you about something stupid you did.
Jody was sat on a chair, conversing with Stevie and Charlie about one thing or another.
He glared at them, feeling his face burn in embarrassment. “It’s not like that!”
“Dude, that looks amazing!” Claire exclaimed, mouth open in surprise at the giant poultry.
Finally, Raphael released a sigh. “Alright,” he acquiesced. “Let’s plan our next steps.”
“You’re both happier and more… free. I think it’s a good change.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Except for Lucifer, of course. He’s still in the Empty. We made sure that he’s asleep and forever will be.”
The feeling of dread that began when neither one appeared the first time he called out for them was coiling in his gut and magnifying tenfold.
“Don’t let Miracle hear you say that! He's sensitive!”
“I just wish I could do what you and Sam have done for him.”
“I’ve been looking at online classes. I figured I could… you know… finish my degree.”
Castiel seemed to hesitate. “He… is… He and Mary are… civil.”
Jack nodded as he scooped out the last bits of cereal from his bowl. “We are also being dismissed early on Wednesday.”
“Are you okay?” his brother asked. “You’ve been off since last night.”
“Okay!” Jack called back.
Jack quickly chewed and swallowed. “Thank you for breakfast, Dean. You didn’t have to cook, I could have just had cereal.”
“So, ya retiring?” Bobby asked as he casually chopped onions.
At some point during Sam’s explanation, Dean had bowed his head, hands on his forehead. And, the younger Winchester wondered if he had made a mistake in bringing this up now. His brother was in a good mood. Why did Sam have to ruin it?
Dean didn’t answer for a while, concentrated he was on driving. So, Castiel turned away and looked out the window, entertaining himself by watching the number of cars dwindle as they turned into the dirt road that led to the bunker.
It was a good point, Castiel supposed.
“Oh, uh, it depended on the school. You know, we moved around a lot so it was impossible to be in any sort of sports team. But, I was in the science club a few times. Even did theater.”
Miracle whined at the loss of pets before making his way to Jack and Sam’s feet, lying down, and looking up at them with sad puppy dog eyes. Immediately, Jack reached over to lovingly scratch his head.
“Thank you, Dean.” But, then, the smile disappears again. “But… I can’t.”
“Do you wish to build a relationship with him?” the angel asked.
Dean felt his cheeks redden. “Shut up!”
“Hey! Welcome back!” Dean greeted with a grin, scratching the dog’s head. “Got some beer in there? Cas and I made burgers.”
For a moment, Adam didn’t answer. His silence made Dean antsy but he forced himself to relax. He had no intentions of pressuring Adam to forgive him. But, he needed him to know. There was something freeing about honesty and he wondered why he didn’t give it a try before.
Castiel nodded. Then, he smiled shyly before leaning in and planting a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips.
Jack laughed. “Really?”
he replied.
“I… don’t know what to say.”
It would have been adorable, if not also sad. Dean wondered why they’ve never let Jack interact with more hunters his age. Or, at least, younger hunters. (‘Cause he’s four, there were no four-year-old hunters as far as Dean was concerned.)
Quite a ton, in fact. It had been a year, after all.
Castiel didn’t stop until he had Jack wrapped tightly in his arms. He felt the boy return the hug, not quite as tight.
Jack shrugged and Dean grabbed it.
“Heard the door. Is that Eileen?”
Sam frowned, feeling a little hurt by that. Why didn’t Castiel want to see them? They were friends, weren’t they? What the hell happened when the Empty took him?!
Jack couldn’t listen anymore. He resumed the walk to his room, his speed much quicker than earlier. He could fly, if he wanted to, but it just felt more natural to walk while in the bunker. He wasn’t trying to escape or hide from anyone or anything here. This was home.
Dean moved forward and wrapped the angel in his arms, tucking his head over his shoulders. He took in his scent – sunshine and freshwater with hints of popcorn butter (probably from the theater).
“Why? What’s the difference between that and baseball?”
“It was… heaven, I think. But, it also… wasn’t.”
“D-Dean?” Castiel stammered, slowly lowering the now-empty bowl for fear of dropping it.
He was excited but nervous. Would everyone like the food or would they hate it?
Dean turned back to the room and, with a determined huff, he got to work.
“Weren’t you in the Robotics club while we were in Sacramento?” Sam interjected, smirking.
Sam drove leisurely, wanting to give Dean and Castiel as much time as possible. So, it caught him by surprise when Jack suddenly asked, “Did you go to high school, Sam?”
Sam swallowed the lump in his throat. “Yeah.”
Dean finally turned to him, shocked at the new piece of information. Castiel had been a woman before?!
Sam smiles at Dean, patting his leg before heading out of the room and shutting the door firmly behind him.
, smiling with his teeth showing and the corner of his lips practically up to his ears.
“Oh. I see.” Castiel placed his hands over Dean’s on his stomach, patting them gently. “Well, everyone was hungry and eager to eat.”
It frustrated the younger Winchester. He had no idea what was going on in Dean’s head. They had promised to try and stop keeping secrets from each other. To talk about things that bother them. But, Dean always chose to close off, and even if Sam wanted to help, he couldn’t. He just hoped that whatever this was, Dean figured it out. Or would at least talk to someone! Anyone!
The archangels flashed each other looks before they turned their questioning faces to Castiel.
Dean was close again, all of a sudden. Castiel didn’t even notice him move closer.
Now, it was only a matter of deciding on where to go and what major to take. Back at Stanford, he had been a political science major with a minor in English. He only had a few credits left to graduate and head off to Law School but, of course, Dean’s arrival and Jess’ death had disrupted that. It wasn’t like he could call Stanford and ask for his records since, technically, Sam Winchester was legally dead.
“The last time Claire cooked, Alex got to practice her nursing skills on us.”
It wasn’t quite an “I forgive you” but it was a new start.
They made it to the town center in one piece. Sam found a parking spot by a meter, not too far from the store. He placed a couple of quarters into the machine while Jack let Miracle out of the car.
Dean chuckled, knowing that she was right. His Charlie would have gotten a kick out of another version of herself. “Cas said that she’s in Heaven now. And she’s happy.”
“But, then, I wouldn’t have had the means to save you. And if I had the choice to go back in time and do it all over again, I still would choose to save you using the deal. That’s how much I care about you, Dean. That’s how much I… I love you.”
After the first five hours of driving, they stopped for fuel. Sam went into the convenience store for snacks while Dean pumped the gas. He finished filling up the tank before Sam got out so he parked to the side to wait. And while waiting, his hand twitched to his pocket.
Behind him, Sam snorts. “You spoil her you know! She wouldn’t leave me alone when I was doing the dishes!”
“It’s called enjoying food!” Dean defended himself as he felt the blood rush to his cheeks.
“I did. She told me it was a mistake and that I needed to fix it. I was honest and told her that I didn’t have jurisdiction over Hell, Rowena did. I could review the case but… Rowena told me he was in there for a reason. He had committed several unforgivable atrocities when he was alive and felt no remorse for them. Although he truly loved his daughter, his sins couldn’t save his soul.”
“Yeah, that. Heard they added a new season. You can watch that.”
It wasn’t until Castiel returned, after disappearing for two hours, that he remembered.
“I’m really sorry.”
The brothers drank to that promise.
Jack’s eyes widened. “Really? Will she be moving into the bunker? There’s plenty of room.”
“Thank you, Dean.” He began to gather his things.
He made his way to the door.
Dean nodded, recalling a conversation they had about it a long time ago, right around the time he decided to retire.
Jack seemed to shrink into himself. “I… I ran away.”
“Yes.”
“I’m Agent Page, this is Agent Jones.” They both showed their FBI IDs. “We’re here to talk to you about your daughter… Kelly.”
“Everything good?” Dean asked.
Castiel furrowed his brow. “I would never kill-.”
an uncle.
Of course, he hadn’t. Jack was one of the most selfless beings Castiel knew but, at the end of the day, he was still just a child. A child who didn’t have a childhood. A child who was forced to grow up and take on a burden that not even a millennia-old being like Castiel could handle. A child who now wanted something that he knew he couldn’t have.
“We are not alone, this time.”
Dean shook his arms out. This was a big one. He was gonna need all of his muscles. Taking a deep breath, he lifted the dish.
Dean moves his gaze upwards.
“Yeah,” Dean clipped, hating the reminder. “I dunno. I guess… I wish…”
Dean eventually returned with the bottle of sunscreen, which he tucked into Jack’s backpack with the firm reminder to put it on during gym class. Then, he threatened to leave behind whoever wasn’t done eating in twenty minutes.
The Winchesters had laughed when they found out about his role while Castiel tried to be more polite about it as he hid his amusement. His father didn’t say much about it but he did reveal that Jesus did, in fact, exist and they were, technically, related but that was all he would say.
There was a moment of silence, each of them contemplating the situation.
It was official. Jack loved school. Absolutely ecstatic about every minute of it.
“Dean,” Sam scolded from his place. “So, Cas, other than that, does that mean that you’ll stay here with Jack?”
Castiel smiled and stood up. He leaned over to press a kiss to Dean’s temple. “I’ll leave after dinner. I’ll send Jack to let you know when the food’s ready.”
On any other day, Dean would stand here and argue. But, seeing as they had a lot of cooking to do for the rest of the afternoon, he settled for sending Jody another glare, which she laughed at (the audacity of this woman!) before barking an order to get started on mixing the spices.
“Your mother sends her love and says that she misses you. Gabriel forwarded all your prayers to her. She’s proud of you, Jack.”
“What?”
“I think it might be interesting,” Jack answered, swirling his spoon around the milk again.
They both watched as Kaia joined Jack and Sam at the table, sitting on Jack’s other side. She peeked at his notebook, nodding along and listening to Sam lecturing. Jack appeared thrilled at her company and began to talk about what he learned, eager to show off his knowledge.
To his relief, Jack grinned and nodded. “Can I have more than one topping?” he asked.
Dean stood at attention and smiled right back. “Yes, ma’am. And you’re…?’
Jack swallowed and mumbled something Sam couldn’t decipher.
The bangs stopped. Dean held his breath in the following silence.
Castiel was done with the paperwork so they followed him out of the office.
“Alright, alright, give me a sec.”
The slow dancing song faded and a new, upbeat melody began.
“What about you?”
“What the hell are you yammering on about, Sammy?”
“Mom said she was in the softball team when she was a teenager,” said Jack, excitedly. “She tells me a lot of stories about her childhood. She had a horse for a little while!”
Dean hummed. “High school… The kid has no idea what’s he’s asking. It’s brutal. Kids pick on you for being different. Teachers get all up in your business if they think you’re dumb. Homework and tests and studying. It’s hell on earth, if you ask me.” He leaned back, resting his head on the back of the sofa. “But, if that’s what he wants, then sure, why not?”
For someone who valued his personal space, Dean didn’t seem to mind that he and Castiel were practically shoulder to shoulder. But, the angel had stopped questioning it a while ago. Besides, it was nice to be next to Dean. He emanated warmth and comfort. It calmed him down when his thoughts were swirling like this.
Technically, Dean had known that his father hadn’t meant that he could
Castiel had dropped the scrub brush at the first hitched squeak in a near panic and clutched at his throat, convinced that he was experiencing some serious respiratory malfunction.  Dean, who had burst through the doorway to find Castiel on the floor, clutching at his throat, had flown across the room and taken Castiel’s face into his hands, breathing his name in terror, before—
“The fucking?”
"Awesome," Dean beamed.  This was the best kind of handoff, seriously
“Cas—”
“And...and alfalfa for Blueberry?”
) Dean returned to the matter at hand.  The guy was probably still at home, because who leaves their own house while a stranger is sleeping in their bed?  Dean found himself growing irrationally frustrated by this entirely reasonable display of self-preservation and household security, because sneaking out was now going to be that much harder.  Oh, why couldn’t he have woken up first?
“Benny, you remember what I said, right?  No matter where I am or what time it is, you call me and I’ll come.”  Benny gave a choked laugh and gulped at his coffee, wincing at the burn.
was a growing boy, just like “the kids,” and there would always be enough for
“NO!”  Benny slammed his mug down with a
A pause.
“Oh yeah?”
Also, note the rating change.  Teehee!  ;)
“—come
”  He thunked his head against the back of the chair.
Dean winced as his knees hit the back of the seat in front of him.  He despised riding the bus.  It was too cramped, too smelly, too full of half-awake strangers...stil, better to ride the busthen have discovered that he had driven the Impala drunk last night.  He perched at the edge of his seat, squished uncomfortably against the window to make room for the older woman sitting beside him.  He sighed quietly, not wanting to appear rude or irritated; it wasn’t
“Benny, it’s not important.  You’re--”
“I was in rather terrible shape when I woke this morning.  I had a bit of an upset stomach, but I didn’t want to wake you, so I used the bathroom in the hall.  Would you pass the pepper?  It’s the chicken-shaped one.”
“You’re supposed to be at work right now, aren’t you?”
“Are you sure you are well?  You seem a bit disoriented.”  The man frowned slightly, studying Dean’s face as if he meant to derive the secrets of the universe from the patterns in Dean’s freckles.  He then tilted his head slightly in a display of altogether too much cuteness for someone already so sexy.  Fuck, Dean was so screwed.
“Ah.  Okay.”
) had only encouraged him to pack up his luggage and walk himself right back into Narnia.
moment with the dull, wet slap of the tagliatelle grande.  Such moments of clarity usually went something like this:
“Buddy…stuff,” Cas repeated slowly, testing out the shape of the words on his tongue.
As an angel, Castiel was a being of faith; as a human, that had not changed.  His faith in his Father had been replaced by faith in his friends, while his faith in the Host had been surmounted by faith in his own abilities and moral direction.  Castiel knew that his relationship with the elder Winchester was teetering on the brink, and he was content to wait for the inevitable.  His love for Dean would sustain him until Dean had resolved his inner turmoil and was ready to reciprocate wholeheartedly.
“Dean.”
“Shut up.”
“Indeed.”
Dean quickly pushed their mugs out of the way and shimmied around the table to wrap his arms around his friend as the first sobs broke free.  They stayed in that position until the tears died away, Dean rocking Benny and making soothing noises, just as he had for Sam and Jo, growing up.  Benny wouldn’t let him curse Andrea out loud, and Dean knew she didn’t deserve it, but he wanted to rage against
“Is that Blueberry?” came Castiel’s voice.  “Bring her up, bring her up, I want to say hi!”
Onward!
3)  Family always looks out for one another.  And finally,
“C’mon, let’s get you some water.”  Castiel took his arm warily and began leveraging himself up off the floor, before letting out the loudest
Framed by the most gorgeous waistline Dean had ever seen.
Jack had brought Castiel back – his grace had been unsalvageable, but the essence of
Cas beamed.
man who was now asking if Dean was feeling better now and did he think the bacon turned out alright?  Dean gave a stuttered reply that yes, he was better now and the bacon was delicious, thank you, and Castiel’s answering smile, rather than setting Dean on edge, instead coaxed out another tentative smile of his own.
became a tradition in the Singer-Harvelle-Winchester household.  Every time a new book came out, Dean would read it aloud, long after it was socially acceptable to snuggle with one’s siblings.  No matter how on-the-outs they were (and Sam and Jo’s constant bickering ensured that that happened at least once a week), they would pile together without fail to hear Dean read about the increasingly miserable lives of the Baudelaire children.
As you may know, these days I only ever post one-shots MAYBE once or twice in as many years.  Life is not conducive to me committing to and writing an entire long fic right now, much as I wish I could.  But I will leave what I have up.
Dean leaned back on his seat, breathed through his nose, and tried to accept that there was no
It was small work asking Pops for the rest of the day off.  Bobby Singer knew his kids, and he knew full well that Dean wouldn’t just ditch work for no reason -- he had raised him better than that after all.  Dean’s pale face, hand still clutched around his phone, had been all the reason he needed to bestow a “well, go on then, idjit,” upon his eldest and see him off.  That boy needed to stop working weekends, anyway.
easy, but Dean was in no state to question it, since every time Castiel’s eyes glanced up and met his own, he couldn’t help but relax just a little bit more, his earlier tension all but forgotten.
“Um…education.  I, uh, I kinda want to be an elementary school teacher.”  Dean winced.  Here it came, the what the hell would a
Dean smiled shyly.  “I’d like that.”
Benny was a stress-cleaner.  Andrea had once joked that if Benny and Dean were both upset at the same time, it meant no household chores for her for a week as long as she invited Dean over; Benny would dust and mop and polish and scrub to his heart’s content, while Dean would stress-cook his way through a week’s worth of multi-course meals and ten different kinds of pie.
what he should have done this morning.
Which made Dean’s current predicament difficult to explain.  He definitely wouldn't have gone home with a guy if he'd been sober -- he was firmly in the closet and in the closet he would stay, thankyouverymuch. No need to get mixed up with society’s homophobic bullshit when he liked women just as well as men.  It was simpler to allow his bisexuality to express itself through an unhealthy obsession with Dr. Sexy, and reserve dating and sex for women.
But some days…some days, Cas had found every edge case and idiosyncrasy and had accounted for them with elegance, and he
read, but taking so much time for himself had left him uneasy, even when both he and his siblings were all being well taken care of, courtesy of Bobby and Ellen.  Thus, he had sat with five-year-old Sam and four-year-old Jo, reading aloud to them for hours of the Baudelaires’ misfortunes.
“I’m pissed at them both, yeah, but we had already agreed to go our separate ways.  We grew apart, and it’s shitty as hell, but that’s what it is, and we’re better for it.”  Benny drew a hand down his face and sighed, the fire seeming to drain from his demeanor all at once.  “That don’t make it any easier, mind.  I mean, my ex-girlfriend wants my stepdad?  My stepdad went after my ex?  What the fuck is this, Dr. Sexy?”  Dean bristled at the jab, but remained silent.  This wasn’t the time or place.
“Fine, you’re welcome!”
, out loud to Sam and Jo, that his first
It had been settled before Dean had even extended his spontaneous offer of friendship.  One look at Cas’s sad-teddy-bear-face when he’d mentioned leaving and that had been it.
Which were attached to the most delightful arms Dean had ever seen.
But Benny and Andrea were meant to be together.  Right?
“Well
The internalized homophobia was a bit more difficult to crack.  From what Castiel had been able to deduce over the years, John Winchester had had a very specific idea of how his children should behave.  Castiel assumed that Dean was wary of what John’s opinion of his sexuality might have been, although Sam had privately confided that he was fairly certain that John wouldn’t have cared one way or the other as long as Dean could still kill monsters and protect his little brother.  Nevertheless, Dean had picked up a convoluted impression of masculinity from his father that seemed to exude heteronormativity like a strong odor.  Castiel found it absurd that so many humans seemed to associate a certain brand of masculinity with heterosexuality, but he acknowledged the power of such enforced assumptions on an individual’s outlook and self-identity.
, but it was faint, as if being shouted over a long distance.  The rest of Dean’s brain, including his – ahem – downstairs brain, was content to bask in the aroma and delectable sizzle of bacon, the adorable (
Dean bit his lip, then set the washcloth over the dish drainer and sat back down across from Benny. “Well, he opened with ‘so, have you quit that grad school crap yet?’”
“I am aware.”
Still, Castiel knew that something was holding Dean back from acting on the desires that had so radiated off of his being – as an angel, Castiel was naturally attuned to all forms of prayer, consciously made or otherwise, but even as a human, it was impossible to miss.
No.  Not anymore.
Dean blamed Castiel’s hypnotic eyes for lulling him into a false sense of security.  Damn, why’d he have to slip like that?  Castiel would likely have been satisfied with
Dean, with all the experience afforded by his twenty-seven years, was more-or-less familiar with many such Universal Rules.  They shaped his perspective, acting as measurements along the edge of his moral compass, immutable, indisputable, unshakable.  Four such rules were:
Which was why, once he had recalled enough about the previous night (all while huddled miserably under unfamiliar blankets, trying to keep the light peeking through the curtains from skewering straight through his damn head) to realize that
.  And although he didn’t always mean to, John Winchester had always been particularly good at exacerbating Dean’s insecurities.
Which led sinuously down to the most perfect hands Dean had ever seen.
“—and we’ll just be right here.”
“The—yeah, the fucking.”
“I know, Benny,” Dean soothed.  “C’mon.  Let’s go inside and have some coffee.”
) was clad only in a pair of soft-looking grey lounge pants that were draped loosely over runner’s thighs and that
“I’ll get you that Excedrin once you’ve eaten,” he said decisively.  “I’m sorry I couldn’t offer you some before, but I wanted to get some good food in you first.  I’d rather you didn’t take Excedrin on an empty stomach, since that always makes me a bit jittery.”  Dean smiled back a bit shyly, looking up from where he’d tucked his head down over his plate, only to scowl back at his eggs when he realized that he’d been fluttering his eyelashes like a goddamn Disney princess.
“Benny?  Everything okay?”
as it had been proven through numerous Falls, was not contingent on the presence of grace.  Not that anyone really minded terribly.  Jack was thrilled that his father-figure was around to show him the ropes to…well…everything, Sam was ecstatic that his surrogate brother was back from the dead, and Dean…
Benny sighed and rubbed the back of his neck, dropping his gaze back down to the table.  Dean took the opportunity rake his eyes over the tear tracks that were now drying over his friend’s face, and is chest tightened.  He reached across the table to grip Benny’s arm.
“Ste--YOUR
“Victoryyyy!” Dean crowed as Cas spun slowly in his desk chair from the leftover momentum, arms still akimbo and smiling broadly.
was he so comfortable around Dean, then?  What exactly had happened at that bar?  Dean assumed that they had talked for at least a little while before making the the oh-so-smart decision to
“Oh, of course, let me get you that Excedrin—“
Dean was secure in his masculinity; he had no problem with certain shades of pink in moderation, he cooed over puppies and babies, and a few lonely stay-at-home nights ago, he had discretely bought a few pairs of satiny, lacy panties that were carefully folded, wrapped in an old sweatshirt, and buried under a pile of dirty socks at the back of his closet.  What he couldn’t stand was being pigeonholed.  Yeah, he liked men.  Yeah, he liked bottoming and wearing panties.  Yeah, he loved being called “good boy” and having his hair petted and his cheeks kissed and…but anyway, it was irritating that anyone with any kind of inkling about his preferences assumed that he would speak with a lisp and have an entirely incomprehensible infatuation with glitter.  The raised brows and judgmental stares he had received once he revealed himself to be a loud, brash mechanic with a give ‘em hell attitude and
Dean’s new tears of exaltation and relief had mingled with the tears of laugher already streaked down his face, his raucous crowing devolving into sobs.  Sam and Jo, upon noticing the change, had become alarmed, Jo dashing off to find their parents, while Sam had practically draped himself across Dean’s shaking back in an attempt to soothe his brother.  Ellen and Bobby had practically flown up to the house at Jo’s shrieks of “GUYS HELP DEAN’S CRYING FOR NO REASON!!” and had sandwiched Dean in between them, holding him tight.  Piece by piece, they had pried Dean’s realization out of him, Dean apologizing profusely for not seeing it sooner and Bobby just barely managing to bite back the
Another blink, and then wide grin spread across Dean’s face like a sunrise.
“Oh, he was just warming up.”
“Perhaps you need something to eat?”  The man perked up again, the bounce returning to his step as he gently ushered the uncharacteristically pliant Dean to a little breakfast table and carefully deposited him onto one of the chairs.  Dean absently noted with some bemusement that the man was now treating him as if he were a delicate artifact.  Perhaps his unexpected tenderness was justified, considering Dean’s inability to form a coherent sentence or remain upright; however, it was rather at odds with the enthusiastic fucking from the night before.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  “You did great, Cas.”
“I’m just weird about—”
as well as several house plants that Dean had forgotten the names of by now, despite Cas having fondly reminded him at least three times at this point.
Now that I have a better idea of where I'm going with this, I've added in Jo's name where appropriate.
“Focaccia?”
to eat as much as they wanted, that Dean had begun to shyly request seconds (and later, thirds) at dinner.  The way Dean’s eyes had bugged out during that conversation, however, had said quite enough about had John had raised his boys -- or rather, how Dean had raised Sam, at the cost of his own welfare.  Bobby and Ellen had confessed their worries and their suspicions to each other later that night, after the children were put to bed, and they had both decided that what Dean needed was to get out of his own head for a bit.
“But you don’t…” Dean huffed a laugh.
“What?”
“I just feel...aw, hell, this is turning into a chick-flick, ain’t it?”  Dean dumped the sopping washcloth on his head.  Benny squawked and flailed before yanking the cloth off his face and scowling.
for making gentle-souled Benny cry.
Proverbs are rules, of a sort.  They are wisdom, born of experience and intuition, wrapped up sweetly in little packages of witticism, syrup, and snark.  They are fun to recite, but irritating as all hell when recited back at you, with the smug smile of one who
“Thank you, Dean.”
Firmly closing his mind to the possibility that he and his one-night stand had inadvertently broken into the wrong house (
, he would berate him for the rest of his days for being a hypocrite.  He told Cas as much.
.  Again, Dean felt a pang at the knowledge that this man was out of his league.
and floppy-haired, gangly-limbed hugs.  His friends, of course, had clapped him on the back, done a few celebratory shots, and promptly informed him that he showed up for Game Night when he had homework to be doing, they would all collectively kick his ass.
as Benny exhaled.
“Let me hear it, then.”  Benny raised his eyebrows expectantly.
of perfect hindsight coming.
Thank you to everyone who supported me and liked this story.  You mean the world to me.
Dean swallowed.
Dean blinked. “Ah—you’d better take it out before it burns.”
Three, I do not own A Series of Unfortunate Events.  I love them very, very dearly, though.
“Nah, man, that’s cool.  I wouldn’t have the patience to crunch numbers all day, so I bet you must be pretty smart if you can.”  And Dean meant it, too, because
2)  Pie is the greatest accomplishment of humankind, forever and ever, amen.
Obviously, he had not told Sam and Jo about this last rule.  As far as his little brother was concerned, there were only Three Cardinal Rules, and Dean was determined that it stay that way.  His siblings did NOT need to know that Dean wasn’t exactly a Kinsey 0.
“All right.  If you think we could.”
“From what you told me last night about your little brother and sister--”
“I’m an accountant,” Castiel was saying, with a little self-deprecating laugh.  “Not the most glamorous job, I know, but I like numbers and patterns and such, and I like helping people manage their businesses.”
With Cas and Blueberry, it had been love at first sight.  Dean was sure that only the threat of their surprisingly competent HR department was the only thing that kept some of his coworkers—Zachariah, mostly—from making fun of him, a grown and outwardly stereotypically-masculine man, the first time they saw Blueberry on camera.  To be fair, Dean himself would have never guessed that he would one day share his apartment with a pet rabbit.  However, the dual force of Sam and his seven-year-old niece Sadie’s puppy eyes after Sadie had turned out to be allergic to her birthday present had been too much for even Dean’s curmudgeonly facade.  With only a token protest and much grumping, Dean had become Blueberry’s human.
“—you were the brainpower behind this project, you always are—”
Dean’s head shot up and thwacked against the hood.  Much creative swearing that would have certainly sentenced him to a slap upside the head from his Ma followed as Dean wiped his hands on a rag and grabbed his phone, squinting down at the caller id:  “Benny.”  A quick glance at the time confirmed that he still had three hours before he got off work, and Benny never called during work or school hours if he could help it.  Anxiety curled in Dean’s gut as he picked up.
Last thing:  come say hi on tumblr!  I used to be theinspirefly, but now I'm anupalya, to match my ao3!  Let's be friends!!
5 minutes earlier ***
And he was one of the only people in the world who could do that for him.  And dammit, Cas deserved to be happy and comfortable in his own skin.  He was kind, passionate, caring...
clicked into place after five years of quietly, subconsciously nursing the desperate hope that Dad would deem his children worthy, and coming back for them.
“And I’ll deal with that like a big boy!  Yeah, it fuckin’ sucks.  But she didn’t cheat, and she didn’t lie, and she was honest the whole time, and she’s
Dean took great exception to that last one.
“Don’t worry about it.  You…well, you put me at ease too.”
in favor of generously sprinkling his eggs with pepper from the chicken-shaped shaker.  All previous thoughts of escaping were swept away by Castiel’s enthusiasm and the admittedly fantastic meal.  Instead, Dean found himself chatting amiably with his very male drunken hookup over eggs and bacon.  The easy chatter almost felt
Speaking of which, Castiel was beaming again.  “Oh Dean, you would make a wonderful teacher!”
, TWO dicks had been involved, he briefly contemplated rigging up a parachute from his unknown paramour's (
Benny raised an eyebrow and said a very loud nothing.
“No, Dean, you know how much you helped me—”
Dean opened his mouth, then closed it, mortified to realize that his cheeks were still burning, the flush now likely reaching the tips of his ears.  Somewhere at the back of his mind, he registered that he was still
fall over.” Dean reminded him, nibbling a bit at the bacon.  Castiel grinned.
Castiel started, perhaps at the unexpected forcefulness in Dean’s tone, and relaxed again with a sheepish grin.
and the knowledge of
“But you’re--”
In that moment, Dean wanted nothing more than to pull Cas in for a hug.  He quickly tamped down on that sudden, inexplicable urge and instead cleared his throat again, and said, “we don’t have to do anything special, Cas.  Just more of this,” he gestured vaguely between them, “just minus the…you know…”
“Right.  Coffee, that’s -- that’s a good idea.  I’ve got--” muttering under his breath, Benny led him inside.
Sam hadn’t understood much of the book’s dark humor at the time, although he had become very quiet when the Baudelaires’ parents had perished in the fire.  Dean had almost stopped reading at that point, but he had just
“No, it’s…it’s different, but not bad.  Sweet.”  Dean took another, larger sip.  “I kinda like it.”  Cas sighed in relief, and Dean glanced over at him fondly.
, his upstairs brain screeched, before his downstairs frantically brain told it to hush) attempting to process that this half-naked, beautiful specimen, was
“In the meantime, however, I’m free after work—”
Dean was
Cas’s eyes narrowed.
“After quarantine is over, would you like to come eat focaccia in my apartment with me?”
It hadn’t been until Bobby had sat him down privately, one night after dinner, and gently explained to him that
Dean gulped.
2)  Don’t count your chickens before they’ve hatched.
Which left them in a somewhat comedic setup – three humans, two of whom were violently in love and one in equally violent support of this love, raising the devil’s son on the outskirts of a tiny rural coast town.  It was bizarre enough to be surreal, considering the extraordinary people who were now attempting to do something as ordinary (but no less taxing and adventuresome) as raise a child.  In fact, considering that Sam and Dean still qualified as archangelic vessels and Jack was Nephilim, Castiel seemed to be the most mundanely human of them all.
This time, Bobby hadn’t bitten back the
When a very confused Jack (an embarrassed and smug Sam on his heels) asked them what they were doing half an hour later, they still had not moved from the floor.
“How the hell are you not hungover?”  Because really, Castiel was altogether too happy for having drunk so much the night before.
“—if you’d like to join me virtually to stream
The drive to Benny’s was a blur.  Benny and Andrea had been “taking a break” for four months now, and Dean wasn’t even sure how it had happened.  Andrea...Andrea had been Benny’s rock while he was getting sober.  She had visited him in rehab, she and Dean had coordinated his homecoming and subsequent re-entry into society, everyone in their friend group had admired her drive...and somewhere, in the midst of it all they had just...drifted.  It had been so subtle that no one outside of Benny and Andrea themselves had even noticed it until it had become obvious how much they had both changed.
“That fast?”
It hit him then, though, that between one forkful of eggs and the next, Dean had completely forgotten to be awkward.  Again, he held his tongue not wanting to be the jerk that wiped the smile from Castiel’s face, and
Benny tossed the washcloth back at Dean, who caught it deftly.  “Everyone else, meaning John?”
“You’re covered in grease, brother, a little snot ain’t gonna make no difference.” Benny muttered into his chest.  Dean huffed a laugh, and Benny gave a watery chuckle and began extricating his arms from where they’d wormed their way around Dean’s waist.  Dean stepped back and carried their mugs to the sink before rooting around for a washcloth to mop up their spilled coffee.
“Before or after I called?”  Dean forced himself to maintain his outward calm.  Andrea wasn’t Benny’s rock anymore -- that meant that Dean had to be.
I'm so sorry
Love,
No matter how dangerous, terrifying, or absurd the adventures ofthet three heroes, they always managed to save each other by relying on their own skills and taking care of their siblings, even if it meant making increasingly morally ambiguous choices in the name of love.  Dean had even begun to draw parallels between his own family and the Baudelaire siblings by the time he was twelve, with himself as Violet, the eldest, most mechanically-minded sibling (he was already showing promise as a mechanic under Bobby’s tutelage), Sam as Klaus, the middle child and brilliant bookworm, and Jo as Sunny, the baby of the family and the “biter” (Jo didn't bite, but at seven years old, she was a year into karate training and had begun to show a worrisome level of interest in her mother's knives).
Now, fifteen minutes later, Castiel was still perched delicately on the carpet, glaring at Dean, who was seated cross-legged before him, attempting to yet again reign in his snickers.  So it had gone for the entire fifteen minutes, since every new
“Tell me more about that lady from last night while we eat?”
More silence.
Cursing, Dean picked up the call.
“Shut up, you know I don’t care about that crap.  You try growing up with Jo as your little sister and making it out un-neutered with a ‘girl stuff is gross’ attitude.  ‘Sides, Sheriff Mills?  Biggest chick-flick fan I’ve ever met, and it don’t make her any less scary than my Ma.  You need a chick-flick moment, we’ll have a fucking chick-flick moment, and screw everyone else.”
Melodramatic parachute-jump-of-shame averted, Dean began casting furtive glances about the bedroom, pausing to wince at the slight twinge in his ass that spoke of residual good times and generally unwise decisions.  Resolving to get dressed as quickly as possible and
Castiel lost his precarious balance with the force of the hiccup, pulling Dean down in a tangle of limbs and startled yelps.  The unruly heap settled with a series of grunts that eventually tapered off into oppressive silence and physical discomfort.
It was just one more way that Cas managed to be perfect.
Fluffy feelings and guaranteed support notwithstanding,
make them stop?”  Dean nearly went cross-eyed in his attempts to subdue his laughter, and instead bundled himself up off the floor and extended his arm down to Castiel.
Benny sighed.  “It’s just cathartic, you know?  She got me through so much...I’d probably have died of alcohol poisoning by now, the way I was going, if you two hadn’t been there…” he shuddered.  “She’s a good person, Dean.  Just because we weren’t right for each other don’t make her evil.”
their night together had been.  Or wondering just what it might be like if maybe,
In all the time Castiel had spent human, he had suffered numerous indignities that would make his siblings’ grace quiver with disgust – urination and defecation, of course, were the first and most obvious instances that sprung to mind, but Castiel had been far more inconvenienced by such numerous additional annoyances as the way his sweaty thighs stuck together on hot days, the itch that formed at the base of his oily hair after too many days without a shower, and the smell the emanated from under his arms after half a day without washing or deodorant.  These phenomena plagued Castiel far worse than any bathroom activities, because (with a few notable exceptions that had involved eating what expired foods he could find in various dumpsters while homeless) he had at least SOME control over the latter – with the former, it was a constant battle to maintain composure despite the involuntary, uncontrollable responses of his all-too-human body.
4)  Hindsight is always 20/20.
, he nearly missed the fact that there were two sets of clothes scattered throughout the bedroom – after all, he was too busy puzzling out how exactly his boxer-briefs had ended up dangling from a lampshade in the corner.  Once his brain caught up, he stumbled to a halt, one leg still hanging out of last night’s jeans, to the realization that
I always intended to come back and finish this, but it's now been three years and I have to mark it on indefinite hiatus, because while I sill want to keep going on this one, it is so fucking unfair to string you all along.  I'm so sorry if I've given you false hope in the past three years.  That was never my intent.
beenabout, anyway?  According to Cas, he was debilitatingly awkward around people he didn’t know very well, which included just about everyone in the world except for his siblings.  Why the
Both grinned at each other, their post-handoff ritual completed.  From the very beginnings of their working relationship, Dean had never been able to accept any credit for their joint successes, which had irked Castiel to no end.  As they had grown more comfortable with each other, project after project, Cas had been relentless about getting Dean to stop downplaying his talents.  Nearly a year later, Dean was far more confident in his own ability, but still enjoyed riling up his friend.
2)  You will not father children if you wear a condom.
“Hickeys speak louder than words, brother.”
“Clearly not everyone,” Castiel retorted primly, before “oh,
Completely dressed in all but his shoes, which Dean really, REALLY hoped were by the front door, Dean tiptoed down the hallway, pausing to gawk at the artwork adorning the walls.  Dean’s knowledge of visual art was limited to the generic landscapes found in the motels of his early childhood, before he and Sam had been taken in by Bobby and Ellen.  These, however, were a far cry from the bland, overly saccharine farmhouses and forest streams.  These were abstracts, all movement and color and undefined shapes that each seemed to evoke a different visceral reaction.  Peering closely, Dean caught the tiny “A.E.” printed at the bottom of each canvas.
A sixth triple-pop signalled another unread message from Cas.
happening?” Castiel had asked tremulously.  Dean had stared at him in awe, his hands shaking with leftover adrenaline.  His face, which had gone pale in his panic, was now flushed with relief.
His thoughts drifted back to the matter at hand.  Dean had exchanged numbers with Cas, had promised to call him within a few days, and all but begged him to be friends when Cas had shown trepidation…
Jo had understood even less of the book, but had giggled at the funny voices Dean had used for Mr. Poe and Count Olaf and the various members of the horrendous theatre troupe. She had already begun to adore her new big brothers, and would snuggle up to them and just
Poor Benny.  He (and a lot of Dean and Cas's friends and family, actually) have long roads ahead of them.  This is a primarily Destiel fic, but there's more going on there, too. XD
Clearly, this beautiful stranger had missed the memo on that last one.
“Benny, what happened?”
(See the end of the chapter for
A couple things -- one, since this story takes place in current times, and Dean is 27 years old (I'm changing that in previous chapters as well, since I had put him as 26, before) I'm messing with birth years a bit.  Dean was born in 1990, Sam in 1994, and Jo in 1995.  Sound good?  Okay.
while voicing his approval.  Ellen had merely kissed Dean’s head and held him tight.
, Cas.  I mean, yeah, we fucked once, but we don’t have to do that again, right?  Just, hang out.  You know, buddy stuff.”
anupalya
Dean stood there, gaping at last night’s hookup (
“Don’t sell yourself short.”
“What details?”
Dean closed his eyes and slowly, slowly leaned down.
Because offering to be friends with a drunken male hookup wasn’t a good idea, was it?
moment had hit him.  He had been in the middle of Carmelita Spats’s dance recital, and Sam and Jo had been snorting their amusement as Dean had punctuated Carmelita’s off-pitch caterwauling by sloppily blowing raspberries, intending to replicate the “wet slap” of the “tagliatelle grande.”  Dean had been giggling between raspberries as well, but the three of them had simultaneously given up on containing their laughter had all collapsed all in a heap, breathless with laughter and with tears streaming down their faces.  That was when it had happened.
In the book, the children being whipped with the tagliatelle grande had insisted that the sensation was indeed a “wet slap” and not a “sting” -- a dull
My muse just would not leave me alone.  And, just so y'all understand, my muse is an imaginary four-inch-tall critter who looks suspiciously like Gabriel wearing a chiton, and he likes to ride around in my coat pocket, whispering Destiel thoughts into my ear at inappropriate times.
Blueberry slipped out from Dean’s lax grasp and scampered into the bathroom, where her litterbox awaited.  Dean, meanwhile, sat frozen.
.  The entire situation was bordering on levels of absurdity usually reserved for modern politics.
.  Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  “I’m Dean.”
One second, two…
Stefan, dick.”
“Naturally.”
So...I just wrote porn for the first time ever...in my GRANDPARENTS' HOUSE.
“Mm-hm.  Feeling better now?”  Dean paused, surveying the kitchen, allowing memories of this morning drift to the forefront of his mind.
“Dean.”
, before remembering, oh yeah,
Castiel had taken one look at Blueberry during a routine call after quarantine had first begun and declared her his precious darling in a voice several octaves above his usual growl.  Blueberry, for her part, always managed to find her way to the laptop, which Dean was fairly certain she understood to be the source of the adoring voice.
as Dean read on and on and on, blissfully unaware that Ellen was taking sneaky photos of their puppy pile.
“But you’re so…” Dean thought back to Cas’s effortless grace as he moved around the kitchen, the easy way he made conversation smiled across the breakfast table and cared for Dean while he suffered from the effects of last night’s drinking…the way he had skillfully manhandled Dean the night before until he was screaming, begging…
Cas snorted.  “If anyone was going to be surprised, it
“I’m not…” Cas paused.  “I’m not very good at buddy stuff, Dean.  My only ‘buddies’ are my siblings, and only because I’ve known them long enough to not be too awkward around them. Otherwise, I'm...”  He crossed him arms slightly, an almost defensive gesture.  Dean squinted.
Technically, he knew that these had been bad experiences and were likely not indicative of the world at large, but it was too damn exhausting to deal with even the possibility of all that judgment and fucked up gender roles crap when he could just bury, suppress, and otherwise shove down his sexuality.  He could wear his sexy panties in the privacy of his own home and drool over the stars of crap medical dramas, and no one was the wiser.
", the woman at the console mumbles.
Dean does not trust his voice to work, so he just nods.
The Captain, meanwhile, is stunned. And awed. "What are you? I actually forgot to ask."
"What isn't?", Dean pants.
Dean laughs, no humor in his voice. "Yeah. When I thought I had
While Castiel carefully unwraps the present, Sam and Dean come in from the corridor.
. That is who you are. You are the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless,
With that, the two of them make their leave.
For nobody else gave me a thrill -
"I do not like that term", Cas responds. "It sounds... derogatory. How about... 'making love'?"
Bob chimes in. "Didn't your dad woo your mom with Zeppelin songs as well?"
"Let's sit down at the shore?", Dean asks.
"Onwards!", the Doctor calls out, barging into the kitchen. "It's almost charged up!"
During the exchange with the blonde woman, the military-style man has moved closer to Dean. "That's a long story, ... Say, do you have any plans for tonight?"
"Complicated patchwork family", Amara remarks. "I mean, if you are his adoptive father and I am his grandaunt, what does that make us?"
You don't know what the rift will do to you. You may be an angel, but it still might kill you."
Cas laughs. "No such rules here, Dean. And yes."
"Hm. Anyway, missed you, angel", Dean mumbles, hugging him even closer.
"To be fair, it is a
"Oh, f-"
"I'm sure he'll cope. Don't worry about it", he replies, opening the door to the corridor. "Dean gets angry quickly, but he..." Sam stops short at the sight before him.
part again, please. ... I, I meant, the part about you being in my arms."
"Hello, Aunt Amara."
"I know", Dean whispers. "I love you, angel", he says, stepping towards him to press one last kiss to his lips. Of course neither of them can feel it, but still. "I love you", he repeats, looking at his family. "I love all of you."
And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. -
"Oh."
"Sam, what..."
"Yes, it's... I shouldn't even tell you about it, but it's the same thing, basically."
"And when I touch you I feel happy-
"Definitely not saying no to a nice meal", Rowena replies.
"The plan changed, Dean. Something went wrong. You know this. Something always goes wrong", Cas pleads.
He feels sick of himself. He had promised himself to never become a second John Winchester. And still... Of course, Sam is capable of defending himself, as his bruises attest. He brings up his hand to his lips to assess the damage and groans, blood sticking to his fingers. Yes, Sam is capable of lashing out as well, and it had been an escalation on both sides. Still.
"I'll say."
"Lost count, to be honest. Come on, move your ass over here, angel." Dean turns towards Eileen again. "Eileen, please don't give Miracle any of the meat. ... At least, not too much."
How did you get in here?"
"And then we were not."
"I thought we lost you", Dean mutters, helping him up. "I thought
The angel is ignoring him for now, though. Instead of addressing Dean, he strides through the living room to glare at John.
She beams at him. "You are welcome."
"Yes", the Doctor confirms.
Amara gives him a friendly smile. "Probably because a) you thought it would be better to face Chuck with your powers and b) it is not easy to give up what you are."
Dean sighs.
Dean gives an awkward chuckle. "How about we cross this bridge when we get to it?" He can feel cold sweat trickling down his neck. With a smirk which shows more confidence than he actually has, he continues. "For now, you really, really should let us go if you want to have any chance of going to sleep ever again."
I wish you would...
"Look, how about this? You cancel the deal with Castiel and you get your peace and quiet back. ... Because you see, the thing is, if you take Castiel, even if we make it quiet, Sam and Dean won't rest until they find a way to bring him back. And they will. Which means your quiet won't last if you take him. If you nullify the deal, you won't have any problems with them."
The earthy smell is familiar, like petrichor with a hint of honey, making him smile in his sleep. When he moves, something rustles.
", Castiel sighs, stretching his limbs.
"Dean..."
"Meg? ... You didn't tell us that the thing had a twisted sense of humor", Dean remarks.
Dean is already almost out of the door when he hears Sam saying "You know he was wrong a lot of the time, right?"
"Well, you had to go through hell first. Literally", Cas reminds him.
Some minutes later, Dean stops the car and they get out on the main street.
"Me?", Dean stammers. What do you mean, 'me'?"
Inside-
He can feel his eyebrows being raised.
Around them, the bunker disappears, into... nothing. Darkness surrounds them.
At this, Castiel swallows, his glance flickering to the ground before he meets Dean's eyes again. "I’m okay with it, but Dean, are you sure that..”
While Sam sees Mary off with a hug as well, Dean addresses Cas. "Why didn't you greet me? I mean, of course, it was great seeing Bobby, but..."
Cas smiles at the memory. "Three months later we got married."
"Dean, let's go."
"Huh", Sam states while emptying his bag. "Nice." He frowns, squinting at Dean. "Dean, is that a hickey?"
"It is just like..." Cas is interrupted by a cheerful bark. "Miracle!", he calls out, greeting the bundle of fluff. "You are here as well."
Dean chuckles uncomfortably. Obviously, he is not that good at keeping thoughts from Castiel.
Meanwhile, Sam is standing outside where the women have dragged him almost literally, politely refusing the women's offer to roll a joint for him. "No, thank you."
I just saw her crumble apart and volatilize."
Cas raises his eyebrows, smiling as well. "Why not? Sam?"
"Don't do this, Cas." What he means is
She steps close to him, poking him in the chest with the finger. "
With some delay, Dean realizes he has increased his grip on Cas' hand. He frowns, looking for signs of discomfort in the angel's face, but he can find none.
Dean scoffs. "I'm not..."
With a yank, the offending tooth is gone, and the dragon yelps in relief.
"Then what..."
"Dean?", he hears a voice outside of his room.
Cas scoffs, squatting away Chuck's hand. "No", he says, his voice full of contempt. "This is the pathetic ending you deserve. ... Have fun enjoying the rest of your life."
"Sure, it is", he retorts. "What else would it be?"
"Is it?", Dean asks, not looking at Castiel. "I, I mean, didn't it put you off?"
"Oh, I
"Sorry?"
Dean's voice takes on angry undertones again. "Well, of course, you would think that, crazy as you are." He pauses for a moment. "I mean, how old are you? You are
He tries to gather spit in his mouth to reply something, anything at all, to protest those words, but nothing comes out.
"Yes."
Cas huffs out a laugh. "How do you expect me to respond to this?"
His stomach is in knots. He threw the boy against a wall. Of course he has not been himself, and he did it to protect the boy from worse harm. But still.
"Of course", Cas mutters. "Why did I not think of that before?"
The creases on Sam's forehead get even deeper. "Dude, which tingling sensation?"
"Home?"
She chuckles. "Relax, boys. I was just joking. Okay, then. Let me see what I need. Dragon's scale, a pinch of..."
The man looks up at him, apparently pondering whether to elaborate or not. Eventually, he looks down again and sighs. "Never mind. Let's get our assignment done and then..."
Without taking his eyes from the Captain's face, Cas replies. "This is Sam and Dean Winchester. I am Castiel."
"Do I have any..." Dean feels himself blushing. "Sorry, did you just..."
It is quite bizarre to not see a reaction from all the passers-by when through the tear, a creature appears.
"Yeah", Dean confirms."He's a bit obsessed with it."
interested. And that you see signs of him being interested in me does not mean..."
"Didn't she make you practice by killing all those fake Deans?", Bobby asks.
"Hey, Cas", he says, trying to sound casual.
He needs a means to distract Dean and Bobby, so he tears down the wall in Sam's mind, almost destroying Sam Winchester.
"Uh... we have this wonder credit card, and sometimes we play pool, and..."
With a grin, the man makes a gesture. "Yaz already introduced herself, and this is the Doctor. I'm Captain Jack Harkness. And what about you?"
"Nothing. I told you, nothing."
When they arrive at the bunker, Sam does not get out of the car but asks "Dean, can I borrow the Impala? I would like to meet Eileen."
For auld lang syne"
Before he leaves the room, he turns one last time. Castiel is sitting on the table, very close to Dean, and it all falls into place in Sam's mind.
"How do we get out?", Dean asks.
"Why... why are you in my bed?", Dean asks weakly.
it was too late. ... But we're here, so..." He breaks off, eyes flickering down before they move up again to met Cas' gaze with a small smile. "Me too, Cas. ... I love you too. Even if you're the stupidest angel in existence. ... Or even the stupidest creature in existence."
Dean is highly enjoying himself, stuffing himself with popcorn. "There you go, gang. You almost have it." He takes a gulp from his soda bottle, eyes fixed on the screen. "Nice", he says. "Get him, Scooby-Doo." He takes another hand-full of popcorn and munches down on it.
Cas leans down to kiss Dean's neck, which causes Dean to let out a moan.
"Dean?", Sam asks, opening the door to Dean's room.
Meanwhile, Cas uses his now free hand to open Dean's shirt. When he moves to cover Dean's chest in kisses, Dean gets a good view of the cowboy hat.
Moving closer to the screen to hear better, Dean replies "Uh... Sure. What do you need?"
Fear. He is scared. What if he does not find Cas again? Where did this stupid angel go?
When Dean asks "Why does this sound like a goodbye?", his voice is but a whisper.
"If you throw me out, I will find a way to come back and get Cas. Which will probably be very... noisy, at the least. ... And the other matter is, you see, if you don't let us go, Chuck will win. And Chuck
"Obviously", Dean mutters, contemplating Bobby, Bobby's wife and their daughter Mara who are comforting each other. "I never thought I would have a grandniece or something, you know."
Claire is jumping up and down, excited. “And a black tie! Don’t forget the tie!”, she squeals, pointing at the piece of cloth.
"No", Castiel sighs. "But this, uh, is somehow the same thing we're always doing, only that this time, we're pretending."
What with her 'cloaked in shame'-speech and all. Maybe this is why she didn't kill you." He looks at Cas.
Sam nods, trying to catch up. "Uh, yeah. So you two had..."
"Why?", Castiel asks.
"Dragon?", Dean exclaims. "Sounds like a challenge, then." He grins. "What do you say, noble sir? Should we get to it now? Before any more innocent souls are killed."
"Oh yes", another voice chimes in.
"Cas. What... How...", he stammers.
to say something. He cannot let him shout at her. "Dad, I..."
On the way back to the bunker, it is quiet in the car. Sam is texting Eileen, and Dean still does not talk to Cas.
"I was thinking... burgers."
John Winchester is paler than Dean has ever seen him.
Dean takes a deep breath. "I know. I should be in Hell, I think. But, hey, tough luck. Instead I'm here, and I have no intention of leaving."
Upset, Dean turns towards Jack. "Jack, what the hell? You can't just..."
Cas raises his eyebrows, frowns. "Then what term or phrase would you use?"
"All right", Sam sighs, letting the book slam shut.
"Time lord? What's a time lord?", Dean asks, bewildered.
"It's... It's fine."
With a whoosh, a black particle cloud separates itself from Jack's body and transforms.
„Um, since I became human, my memory has not been the best. I‘m afraid I…“
"Oh", Dean mumbles, realization setting in. "I'm dead."
"Excellent. You'll stay here in the control room, then. Then, I need someone to recalibrate the entropy engine."
"Is that clear?", Castiel asks.
It turns out Dean is not the only one whose cheeks have taken on a shade of red.
Windows down, you pass my street, the memories start -
You don't belong here." It snaps its fingers, but nothing happens. Irritated, it glares at the human breaking out into laughter.
John has actually gone quiet, a slightly worried look on his face.
Castiel scoffs. "Fun? I don't see what is so fun about being stuck in this", he waves at his armor, which is decorated with a yellow cape.
"So... what now? I mean, what about Amara?", Sam asks.
""So you left Sam all alone?" John's voice is seething and angry.
Groaning, he buries his face in his hands.
Trying to ignore the burning sensation behind his eyes, Dean swallows. "Then why..."
Slowly, a smile creeps up on Cas' face as well. "It might."
When Jack opens them again, everything is back.
"Castiel. That's a wonderful name. ... But I have to say, I like 'Dean' even better", he replies, shooting Dean another glance, which causes Dean to blush again.
which tells Castiel that he did not mean it that way.
The dragon is purring now, behaving similar to a cat and stroking around his legs.
"We are not supposed to, yes. But you know, Dean, there are a lot of things we are not supposed to do. Like attacking fellow angels to help two humans. Like trying to stop the apocalypse."
He buries his head in his hands, sobbing.
"The thing you were about to tell me in the cell..."
"First off, you're the biggest idiot I have ever met", Dean says with emphasis. "Secondly..." Slowly, he reaches out and takes hold of Cas' hand, bringing it up and cupping it with both hands. "Secondly, I love you too", he concludes, pressing a kiss to the hand.
"Do it", Cas says.
"No, of course not", Castiel replies, voice quiet. "That is not what I..."
Dean lets out a protesting huff. "Dude, nobody ever says intercourse."
there. Do you know how big an idiot you are?"
The Shadow grumbles. "What about when your angel eventually dies again? How do you want to guarantee that he will not wake up then?"
At this point, his brain decides to catch up, and Dean lets go of the shape with a start. "
The sight being a former angel in leather boots, suede pants, cowboy hat, leather vest and nothing else.
"I am an angel, Dean, I don't need a break."
"I... I...", Dean brings out, only to fall silent afterwards. For a while, he stays like that, saying nothing, sitting there still as a statue. Then, he jumps up, determinedly avoiding eye contact. "It... It doesn't matter, okay?", he says and storms out of the room without waiting for an answer.
If memory serves, the saint it goes back to was stoned and beheaded.
"What?" From his stance, it is obvious that John is actually close to jumping up from the armchair and lunging at Dean.
"Huh. Of course you would. Yeah, whatever", Dean grumbles, handing over the keys.
I can't hide-
Dean's mind gears turn, trying to find an adequate verbal response for that, but coming up with nothing. Instead, Dean just scoffs and leaves the room, stomping.
But in fact, he knows. He knows what is happening. It
"Cas' deal with the Empty. I expect you know about it."
"No. Not doing this. Nope.", Dean says, shaking his head.
"Awesome", Dean says with a wide grin. "You will make the most impressive knight. ... How does Knight of the Light sound?"
"So how about we move it to the dance floor? Let's see if we can get some action", Dean suggests, winking at Sam and Cas. "I think the one over there likes you, Sammy. She has glanced at you several times and almost every time she turned back to her friends, they have been giggling."
"Certainly. I would love that, my Queen."
"I take away his grace, make him human. That way you will never see him again and be left in peace."
He feels the hellhounds tearing him apart and screams.
"Wait, what?", Dean calls out. "You can't seriously..."
Castiel gives him a quiet smile. "All right", he says, touching Dean gently at the shoulder. "Let's get you to bed, then."
"I'm sorry. If it hadn't been for me and my decision to take on the mark..."
Despite himself, Dean chuckles. "Hell is the right word, actually. ... He pulled me out of Hell. The literal Hell, like in the Bible, mind you. Gripped me tight and raised me from perdition."
For auld lang syne -
"I know. I'm
And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. -
He winces when John raises his hand, waiting for the blow.
Dean can hear some people whispering when Cas and he make their way past them, stopping every few meters to kiss again. And he realizes that he
Cas gasps, exhales.
"Huh", Sam says intelligently and frowns. "Are you really being jealous... of yourself?"
He hears Cas screaming "No!"
"Fun", Dean replies, a wide grin on his face.
"Why doc... oh."
On a whim, he decides to sing along.
"I love it", Cas say with a laugh.
Amara puts her hand on Cas' forehead, and the angel's eyes glow blue. For the last time.
"What can I say?", Jack replies, spreading out his arms with a self-satisfied grin. "I'm unique."
A weak cough comes from the loudspeakers. "You."
"Oh", Dean exclaims in realization.  "So you and this girl..."
"Alright, kid, you really think you can pull this off?", Dean asks.
„Oh. Wow. There you are." Claire's voice reveals a mix of relief and confusion. "...
She smiles. "Yes, well done, Jack. Good job, Captain."
"No, I don't."
"What?" Dean lets out a laugh. "No. Not butterflies. This isn't what it..." He pauses, mentally replaying the sensation from before.
Castiel appears in the cave as well, looking at Dean with a somewhat subdued glance. "Good", he says, smiling with some delay. "Well done, Handmaiden Dean. I am sure the queen will be pleased."
Cas frowns, stares.
"The second time we met, you threatened to drag me back to hell again."
The more rational part of his mind screams at him that he is being stupid. But he cannot help it.
He is God now. And God can do anything. Including killing half of Heaven. Including killing people.
"So you are", the Doctor agrees.
"Like... like back then, it would have been better for a lot of people if you had managed to move on from her more quickly. Including yourself." He sighs. "But instead, you couldn't get her out of your mind."
"Awesome. Call away."
to do." The former angel sounds frustrated. "Obviously, I'm no good at..." He breaks off. "Dean, are you crying?" He looks worried. "Are you..." His words are muffled by Dean's lips.
"Meg?", Sam asks when the figure slips through, bewildered, then remembers.
"Dean, I know you have only been with women. So I guess it is only understandable that the mental image would disgust you. So I just..."
"Yes. Yes. Everything all..." Internally, Dean curses, knowing that his cheeks have taken on a crimson shade again. "Yep. Everything peachy."
, Dean's brain supplies, less helpfully.
"I know. I know. I never should have Lucifer let do it."
"He... Just...", Dean stammers.
, two overlapping voices shout.
The mouth opens, revealing sharp teeth, one of them blackened.
It had to be you, wonderful you -
much about you, Sir Castiel. Welcome! My castle is your castle, so to speak."
Castiel turns towards the source of the voice. "Hello, Sam. Yes, it is me."
"Vortex", she replies, already opening up the console and pulling out cables.
"Ah", the queen mutters. "A most fearsome creature. Until some days ago, me and my subjects did not have any idea that such a being even existed. I mean, sure, there are legends about dragons, but..."
"You're delusional", Cas cuts him off. "Last I heard, humans are very good at seeing things just because they want to see them. Just because you want to see signs that Dean is interested in you, does not mean he
“That’s what I’m trying to find out. It seems to… oh.”
Or make the angels cry..."
"I like sappy."
And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. -
Dean is trying very hard not to let memories get through to the surface.
"How was your drive?", Sam asks without looking up from the book he is reading when Dean finally comes back in the morning.
I think you'll understand-
"Um. Sorry I ran off like that. I, I just..."
I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish -
Sam gives Dean a disbelieving stare.
He is unable to move, pain not only clenching together his heart, but running through his whole body. Resigning, he closes his eyes.
He finds himself on the meadow again, running along with Sam. "Catch me!", he calls out.
"Yes. And then... I tried to kill you."
"Right." Dean snorts. "Because not everybody likes it on the pie because it makes it soggy."
story."
"What's happening?", Dean yells back, seizing a pipe at the wall.
Dean lets out a relieved breath.
Cas scoffs. "Obviously."
"Now what did you get yourselves into again, boys?", a voice with a Scottish accent says. "On the phone, you said it was urgent..." Her glance lands on the bathtub. "Oh,
“Hi, Cas!”, Claire exclaims, throwing herself around Castiel's neck for a hug. At the door, Kaia smiles quietly.
"That's your clue, Cas", Dean comments.
"Oh, I
"What for?", Castiel asks.
"Come on, say yes", Jack nudges. "One more trip."
a memory, all right, but... His throat feels tight, and he whispers "Cas?"
"Well?", Dean asks.
"Excuse me", Sam stammers, "... but what I wanted to ask the whole time... What deal?"
"Thank you, Jody", Dean says.
There is the amused frown again. "Are you sure you are up to this, fair handmaiden?", the queen says in fake mock tone.
When I feel that something-
This mad mad love makes you come running -
"Yes?"
"I don't care. It's time to have some fun, angel", Dean decides, giving Cas a pat on the shoulder.
"Yeah. Really awesome", Dean comments, before using the chance to take off to who knows where.
"Dean, is everything all right?", he hears Cas ask in a worried voice, feeling a thumb wipe away tears from his face.
", Dean exclaims. "Don't ever do
Jack smiles, closes his eyes.
But before he can say any more, they are interrupted by a loud noise.
"Sam never told you, did he? How I reacted every damn time we lost you? How I would... just fall apart. Because ..."
"Uh... you told me pretty early on than that you did not like me reading you, and then I lost my full power, and..." He pauses, breaking the embrace but holding on to Dean's arms. "Dean, are you sure..."
"Ahem", Sam coughs. "Really sorry to interrupt, but, Cas, would you mind healing me as well?"
"So... You know how it started. Your badass uncle gripped me tight and raised me from perdition." He points at his shoulder. "Leaving a big, fat, mark right there. Not so subtle."
He chuckles awkwardly. "If I knew how, I would. But I don't know how to begin. Um. Dean, he's, ... uh... it's complicated."
"I don't know."
"Yes. Uh, yes", John stammers.
"What are we waiting for, then? Let's try together", Dean decides.
"All... All you want is to go back to sleep, right?" Jack turns to look at Amara. "You can make it quiet again, can't you?"
"Nice. Not having a toddler as the most powerful entity in the universe, I mean. ... As for Chuck... good riddance."
"Rift in time and space. That's why the TARDIS brought us here. She sensed the danger."
"I'm going to get some food", the boy says, jumping up.
"Ah. I hope he doesn't forget the sock, in case it escalates quickly."
"Huh. I guess I really don't need to worry. Not if they're kissing each other breathlessly like that." He frowns, pauses. "Do angels breathe at all?"
It's such a feeling that my love-
"Except that it's not, is it? I have seen those telltale signs often. Too often. Repressed feelings. That's never good."
"I love you", the angel says, tears in his eyes, smiling.
I can't hide-
"You can't get past that. Fine. Right. ... I didn't want to discuss that in length at all, you know." He laughs, trying not to sound hurt. "I was more thinking along the lines of Dean Winchester and his angel. Because there seems to be some tension."
THE END
"They cannot see it", Amara clarifies.
", Sam brings out. "I have to watch them dance around each other for years and you meet them, and just like that...
"Dean... are you all right?", Cas asks, approaching him. He starts to reach out to put his hand on Dean's shoulder, but breaks off, unsure how to act, given what just happened and what he did, what he just said.
THE END
Dean turns in surprise to see Claire Novak standing on the other side of the bars.
With a start, he realizes that Castiel is looking at him with a soft expression he has never seen before.
"Dean, you don't understand. I love you too."
I would want to talk to you?", Dean blurts out. Throwing up his arms in anger, he adds "Bloody
"Heaven, of course", his son replies, smiling.
Cas smiles. "Yes."
Cas frowns, eyes wandering around the room. "It is not coming. Why..." He spins around, blocking Billie's path towards Dean. "Stop."
“Hey”, Dean greets Castiel. “What’s that?”
"Oh", Cas brings out while Dean is pulling him into a hug.
"Let me see", Dean demands.
Wish I never hung up the phone like I did -
Avoiding eye contact, Dean nods.
"YES!", Sam yells, launching into the air with a heel-click jump.
Trying to steer the dialogue into slightly lighter waters, Cas says "And the mixtape."
"You're an idiot, you know", Dean blurts out.
Dean smiles, holding on to Cas' hand and swirling Cas around to the last lines of the current song. "I think you have almost got it, angel. One more?"
"And then... Oh no." Dean breaks off. "The mark."
"Am I?", Cas retorts.
A figure moves into his view, looking like it has escaped from a steampunk fair. It is holding its paw to its cheek.
"God,
should wake up and leave, but I..."
"I died again."
"Yes! Can you believe it? We're in the middle of a fight with God, and somehow he finds the time to..."
Somewhat unconvinced, Cas frowns. "If you say so. ... Give Bobby my regards."
"Thank you, Mom", he says with his mouth full.
"No, not what you do to get money. What do you do
Up to this moment Dean had not been aware that angels could blush.
"Two hearts? What are you? Why are you here? I sure hope you don't want to invade the earth or anything."
It's such a feeling that my love-
"That I threatened to drag you back into Hell if you did not comply probably did not help much, either", Cas remarks, ruefully. "I wish..."
"Can't
Cas raises his eyebrows. "What for?"
, Cas." He inhales deeply, preparing to yell, but stops himself. He pinches his forehead, trying to calm himself down. Finally, he brings out "I guess that's our fault for never telling you..." His voice has gone very quiet, and he is still not making eye contact, "... how I would fall apart every damn time we lost you." He looks up, shaking his head. "You know, I... I didn't even tell Sam what you told me in the dungeon. Because... I was pretty sure the moment I acknowledged it, I... I would completely break apart." He grimaces. "So I tried to push it away. Not dealing with it, as usual."
Jack groans. "All right. Don't take my word for it. Just ask him."
Cas turns toward him. "Dean... It is done."
Castiel raises his eyebrows. "I'm an angel, Dean. I have not a lot of intuition regarding 'awkwardness', as you know."
It shouldn't have taken me that frigging long." He takes a deep breath. "To come back to your question, Bobby. I... I cannot say exactly when I fell in love with Cas, because that... that was a slow process. I cannot pinpoint when I began to have those feelings. However, I think the moment I realized these feelings could be romantic was this moment in Purgatory, when I thought I had lost him again. I... You know, if you had let me speak... I'm not sure, but, maybe..."
Dean gives him a very serious look. "It is the most awesome activity on Heaven and Earth."
felt liberating", Dean says, grinning wide.
It is Dean who breaks eye contact and rushes out, leaving Castiel alone in the kitchen with the shards.
"Except that it wasn't", Bobby remarks. "You pulled him back."
"See you around, Castiel", God says, and smiles.
Facing Dean, Cas smiles. "It certainly is."
"He did it", Yaz murmurs. She looks over to the Doctor. "Didn't he?"
"It might. And if nobody closes the rift, humanity will die. She's right, Dean. I need to do this", Cas replies and turns to go.
Cas leans forward for a brief kiss on the lips, then wanders over to Dean's neck.
"Roller coaster", Dean mumbles.
"Only her", the man (who is wearing a long blue military coat) replies, pointing at the blonde. "She has two hearts, you know."
"Had a nice night in the Impala, yes", Sam confirms. He gives a short pause, raises his cup of coffee too his mouth. "I trust your night in the room was nice as well", he says, addressing Dean.
A half minute or so later, Castiel pulls back slightly. "Dean", he mutters, breathlessly. "I..."
"Did what put me off?"
"Fine", Castiel mumbles. "Let us go, then."
You give me everything and nothing -
"What did I do wrong?", the angel asks.
"Very well", Jack says and snaps his fingers.
Sam frowns. "What do you mean?"
"Just say what it is, 'having sex', or maybe..."
Cas rolls his eyes, then glares at him. "Stop. Don't you dare. It is bad enough that you are hitting on Dean. Don't you
I wish you would..."
"I could get her back. She's here and she's angry at Chuck for manipulating her. She thought he actually cared about her, but all he cared about was her power."
The very nature of my existence is wrong. I
Exasperated, Castiel catches up with him in the corridor. "Dean, Why are you running?"
"Sure thing", she replies, coming over to take the tongs from him. "What, did Bobby ask for the story again?", she asks with a knowing smirk.
Dean closes his eyes, but instead of hitting the unforgiving cold and empty of space, he feels himself being enveloped in something... soft. Dark and soft. He cannot see anything, but he feels that he is
At the door, Cas hesitates. "Dean, should we maybe go to the reception and get another..." The word "room" is muffled by Dean's lips meeting his again.
Some minutes later, the other Winchester brother finds himself tumbling against the door and almost opens it when he notices the small garment on the door handle, and laughs. "Oops", he mumbles. "Sorry. I'm sharing this room with my brother, and, uh, it seems he beat us to it."
In a swift movement, Dean positions himself between Cas and the Shadow.
When the song ends and nobody of them lets go, his last lingering doubts after what is happening dissolve into nothing. "Cas...", he whispers.
"What for? Cas, I..." Finally taking in Castiel's expression, Dean stops short. "Oh."
"Dean, no. It's not a dream", he hears a voice.
It had to be you -
"It is tradition", the queen says. "Of course, the handmaiden has to agree, but..." She shrugs. "It would be a bit disappointing to break with tradition."
"You too. You know... I would talk to you every day. Even if I knew you could not hear me."
After some meters, he stops, realizing that Sam is not running anymore. "Sammy?", he asks, turning around.
"For indulging me." Dean makes a wave. "I mean, on your own, you wouldn't get the idea to..."
"And I see you brought a noble knight to join our ranks!", she exclaims in a bright, excited voice.
Dean shrugs it off. "Yeah, well. Yesterday's news." He continues. "Uh, I'm afraid, at first we mostly searched Cas out because we needed his powers and such. I'm not sure when exactly this changed. I... uh..."
I wish you would come back, -
Beaming at him, Cas suggests "What would you think of a brunch at the Waffle House?"
"That sort of seems to be the overall theme of Chuck's creation, doesn't it?", Dean comments.
anything at all?", John spits.
With a decisive motion, Dean pulls Cas into the room (which is thankfully Sam-free) and closes the door behind them.
"Dean."
You give me everything and nothing -
"What?" Dean's voice is as cutting as the knife he is handling. "What do you mean, 'sure'?
The outer layer of the wall collapses, and both of them scream as they are sent hurling towards the hole in the hull.
"Yeah, right." Dean laughs. "You... Say, did you really not know that you are supposed to keep these or did you just
"No", Dean protests, grabbing Cas by the arm and pulling him to the dance floor.
The Captain looks up, a slightly worried look on his face. "Everything all right?"
"Handmaiden?", Cas asks, knitting his eyebrows.
"Uh. This whole business... You really shouldn't have..."
From Dean's point of view it is almost comical, seeing the hat moving up and down like this, and he cannot help giggling. But it is not only comical, it is unexpectedly and incredibly
"Pulling it out", Dean says, cautiously approaching the figure and reaching into the mouth. "Do not bite, please."
"Well, you are", Dean replies with a small wave. "That's what you are now."
Inside-
"Aren't angels supposed to notice such things?", Dean mumbles into the nook of his neck, voice choked.
"Yes. Even if I explicitly told you to
"I do not know, but not this way."
"The first time we met we hated each other", Dean remembers.
Relieved, he pulls Cas in for a hug.
stupid, you know that?"
"Then you should have told us and found another way than this deal!", Dean yells at him, removing his arm from Cas' touch.
"Then how about this way? I love that you don't sweat, not matter which temperature it is. I love that you always order two sandwiches, even if you don't eat. I love that frown you get when you look at me like I'm crazy. I love that after I spend a day with you, my clothes smell of honey. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely or because it's New Year's Eve. I came because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible."
