"I like her and Rhodey together"
"No you cant. One of us needs to go with him" Nat replied.
"I am okay. I had a talk with him you know and didnt freak out. We are currently acquaintance or in other words trying to be civil" Tony said. He knew strange had been there with him as his doctor for advice. He had seen Tony when he was brought back from Siberia and was also there when he nearly died of alcohol poisoning. He was a good friend a brother to Tony like Bruce.
" He is trying to see if they are making out or not" Carol said smirking.
"Tony I want to apologise, I am so sorry as sorry as I can be for the whole Berlin and Siberia mess. Not only that I am sorry for leaving you there alone. I know you might not understand me but I had to protect Bucky and at that time nothing made more sense than what I did. I knew you could not help us after the accords and you knew I was looking for him. I knew I had to keep him safe. I got to know about your parents a few days after we fought about the Accords. I knew if I told you, you would react that way. I had to keep Bucky safe. Tony you need to understand that he is the only thing I have from my past. I just could not let him go. All I am saying is I did what I had to do to keep him safe. But that does not mean I love you any less. Tony after walking away from that bunker every night I have dreamt about you. You were the only thing on my mind and I just wanted to come back to you but I know I broke your trust. I just want you to forgive me and be with me. Thats all I ask. I wont let you go over. Bucky is my friend but you are the love of my life" Steve completed while Tony just sat there.
"Tony this is what the doctor prescribed" Rhodey replied.
"Nice to meet you Carol" Steve said. He knew who she was Tony use to talk about her. He was happy she was back in Tony's life as he missed her.
"Tony you already do so much for the kids please do not spoil them anymore. How are you holding up I mean I know its not my business but just wanted to check on you"
"He wants his revenge and I think he knows he will go down so why not get rid of us" Bruce replied. He knew Ross well and he knew he thought that he would go down for his crimes. He just wanted to get rid of them.
"Steve" He sighed. "I dont want to hurt you or fight with you but please. I am done. I cant do this. I am sorry for things as well. Here you go" He kept something on the table. Steve looked at it and his eyes turned wide.
"Its funny Cap how you care about me now, all of a sudden I mean something to you. Last time i checked you dont leave "love of your life" to die in cold but I guess thats how you love people"
"All in good time Steve. Why in a hurry"
Stephen updated them about Wanda and all her abilities after and before test. He was very pleased with the progress. Tony touched his shoulder and thanked him. Beside him Steve just glared at Tony's hand which was touching Strange. Tony announced he was going to his lab and he will see everyone in the night and went down.
"I will see when I am free so you can talk, right now I have work in the lab I will see you guys in the evening" Tony stated in a calm manner and rush towards the elevator.
"I am all packed up and Peter has taken my stuff downstairs he insisted. What happened here?" Tony asked looking at wanda who was now on the sofa thanks to Clint.
As soon as Steve left Stephen looked at Tony and nodded disapprovingly and Tony felt even more guilty. He knew Steve he knew how he would be sitting somewhere and thinking how he was wrong. Rogers was an idiot and he was even a bigger idiot but Steve was his idiot. Nat got up and nodded Tony to come outside and Tony followed. "I know I am wrong Nat you dont have to tell me that I already feel bad and I will go and apologise I was out of the line and I-" he was cut off by Nat "Tony I know you know that and I know you didnt mean to but right now Steve thinks that you still havent forgiven him. Whats wrong Tony?" Nat said. "Beside the obvious you mean?" and Nat just rolled her eyes, "Nat I am scared what if it was Steve and they killed him or someone else how am I suppose to protect you guys?" Tony said. "Together Tony, when we are together we are strong and we all have each others backs so go tell this to your boy and go and rest or whatever" Nat replied and left.
"Stephen is a friend Steve, he was hugging me when you saw us I think. I am not with anyone. You do not cause me pain Steve and whatever happened it was not your fault. I need you here. I want you to stay with me. Will you stay with me?" Tony asked looking at Steve. They were still in each others arm.
"Carol Knock it off" Tony said quietly.
They drove silent. Vision had just flew back. He was sure vision was hurt that Wanda did not even greet him. When they arrived Carol and Rhodey were waiting for them. Cooper and Peter wished everyone night and went directly to the room. Tony was sure they will talk about everything.
"Captain, Mr Stark wants to see you. He is currently in his bedroom and is waiting for you" Steve panicked what of something had happened to Tony. He ran towards the room to see Tony sitting on his bed with his tablet and jumped as soon as Steve ran in
"Hey its in the past alright? You can see them in 2 days I believe if everything goes smoothly which it will. I can bring them here but I am not sure if Hank will approve. That guy is tough man"
"Jesus christ! what the hell re you doing up so late. Friday lights. I have a heart condition don't sneak up on me like that" Tony glared at Steve. He came back because he was sure Steve would be asleep and he would just watch him sleep from his door and leave. He did not even know why he was avoiding him.
"Why? because I told you my dad made it? is it that the reason that I took it away and now you dont want it" Tony said. He just wanted to know why was Steve being so stupid.
"Everything wont fix in a day Tony it will take time. Time heals everything" Steve said when Tony was getting out of the elevator and Steve went to his floor giving him some space.
"Nothing is easy Tony it never is" They both just sat silently throughout the car ride. When they reached the mansion. Tony helped Laura with the kids and when he reached the lounge Carol was up waiting for him.
"I think I will go and work in my Lab, I need to upgrade the tools for everyone anyway. Once they are back they will need those things. Also, I need to design some stuff for SI or pepper will kill me. so yeah. Tony said getting up from the bed.Nat wanted to argue but she knew she did not want to push him. The haunted look in his eyes when he woke up was enough. Nat and Vision were behind to stop him but Tony beat them
"Tony-"
"Is there a party going around but I only see you and Ms. Romanov"
"Everyone is fine. Carol and Rhodey were here till early in the morning so they just woke up. Bruce is with the doctors. Laura and the kids are here on Clint's floor and even Cooper is there. Peter is waiting for us to allow him to see you. You know he hasnt left your side since he woke up" Nat whispered looking at Tony.
"I am scared as well Steve but we will be fine" Tony looked at him like promising him and Steve just held Tonys hand and nodded.
Also who got the tickets to endgame? :D
"Well Tony and I record all our meetings with you Ross so we have the whole tape because we know what kind of Jerk you are. Ross had blackmailed Tony that either they bring Bruce and Barnes for the Trial or he would release the video of Winter Soldier killing his parents as well as the fight between them. He also threatened to arrest some of us" Nat had informed all the members and they looked confused.
"I am sorry about it Tony you have no idea how this guilt-"
"Yes but I dont see how that is your business" Steve replied.
"I can stay with Steve" Bucky said.
"Tony I just wanted to apologise for everything I did not get the chance to but I want to-" Bucky was interrupted by Tony.
Tony knew what he was doing. He and Steve needed to be able to speak to each other. They were going to work together and that meant speaking and not trying to hide from him. life depended on there missions and he knew that he needed to make sure that they were able to speak. He did not want to be friendly with him just an acquaint. He also knew Steve did not had anyone to speak to. Bucky was busy with his new friends at the moment and he knew Steve would not open up to Bucky or he would have been here already same with Sam. Nat was still not talking to Cap properly.
"No Tony! Carol lives at the mansion with Rhodey and she just wants you there for a few days till she sees how everyone is behaving"
"This lie would be much more believable if you weren't lying in a hospital bed. Tony promise me you will tell me whatever is wrong we cant lose you" Nat whispered. Tony just nodded and held out his other hand to hold Nat's hand for a moment.
"I am not sure if I am hungry, but thanks for the offer. Where is everyone else Carol" Tony asked in a subtle way he could not see Nat, Vis or Rhodey. Honestly, he was panicking a bit but he tried to keep as calm as possible.
"What if I was asking you something else?" Tony replied.
Steve was right in front of Tony "Tony? you okay?" and suddenly Tony was falling and Steve held on to him with Peter and Carol. Everyone was around them and Bruce was checking his pulse.
"Tony we have a meeting to go to-" Pepper was cut off by Tony. Who was busy on his phone.
"Take care Doc" Nat said smiling at Stephen. Bruce hugged the man, Rhodey, Peter and Carol did the same.
"I know Pete but not inside the tower and went after Peter" Steve just stood there when Nat gave him a look to take the shield but he just walked away. He couldn't tell them how he would feel if he picked that shield again. That thing almost killed Tony and Steve could not bear to touch it. He did not want to bring this topic up with anyone.
"If you want me too?" Steve replied. Tony was about to move when Steve noticed and stopped him. He just went on the other side and got under the covers. He made sure Tony's hand and foot was placed correctly. He left space between them and just stared at Tony. Tony was starring back at him and smiled.
Tony looked around and say Bruce. he just went and hugged his science bro. His person that what Bruce was to him. "Bruce" he whispered.
"Stephen can nurse your hand. Right Stephen?" Tony said.
"Peter do you really think I would let something happen to Tony and would anyone in this room would be alive" Carol replied looking at Peter. Everyone got up on this sentence. The tension in the room was high.
In lounge, Wanda was sitting with Vision. Bucky, Scott and Sam were giving Steve a look.
"Tony please try to understand. It is not safe and I want to be with Bucky I can be there if he turns. Take me with you. What if he hurts you I can be there to stop him" Steve said.
"Sure Boss"
Steve could hear people whispering. His super soldier serum heard some whispering going on around him. Was something wrong and why were there people in his room and as soon as he opened his eyes everything just hit him. He was with Tony. Tony was here he was okay.
"What kind of notebook?" Sam asked. Everyone was interested to know more about this notebook.
"No I will go after this meeting"
Pepper moved forward and just hugged the man. She knew him well, she knew how stressed he was and here she was dumping all this on him so he could stay busy and not think about anything but she knew he was just trying to be normal and she appreciated that.
If I attach this in the arm this will make it warm which is going to be good but the depth and the circumference wasnt exactly what he wanted and-suddenly there was a knock.
"Tony we just wanted to celebrate you, you have done so much for us and we thought with Bruce back we-" Laura said and was interrupted by Nat
Steve picked Tony up and ran towards the lift. Tony felt light Steve thought. He had lost weight. Rhodey, Bruce and Nat were with him. The rest took the stairs. As soon as they arrived on the hospital floor. Tony was rolled away. Steve was in shock he just stood there looking at his arms. Tony his Tony was slipping away. He had lost Tony once and now he was going to lose him again. He was numb. Everyone sat in the waiting room while Bruce was in with the doctors. Steve just stood there numb. All he could think of was that he did this to him. He did this to Tony.
"You know i just realised something Nat" Nat looked up to him and smiled. She was smart and she knew where this was going. "Life is too short to hold grudges you know. When I passed out and I thought this was it I was going to die. All I could see was his eyes his blue his and his face. That was the only thing I wanted to remember and I do not want to die like this" Tony finished.
"I will just stay for tonight Car bear and see how it goes okay?" Tony said.
"Where is the fire Cap?" Tony asked him.
"I just came to- I mean you were standing here and I am not leaving right now. I just want to know what were you looking at" Tony replied. Tony thought what the hell was he on about he could have just said 'hey just came to check on you' but no he was making a fool out of himself as if he has never spoken to this guy before.
"Hey Coop" and Cooper just hugged him and cried. Tony's voice came from the lounge take him to the car I will see you there.
"Its okay Barnes. You did good okay? you just have to relax and look at me. I will be there in the room and just look at me no matter what and we will get through this okay?" Tony went over to Bucky crouched down to his seat. Steve wanted to go and calm Bucky down but seeing this made him happy. This was all he wanted Tony and Bucky getting along.
"You okay Steve?" Sam asked.
Stephen and Tony were off to pick up Rhodey. Stephen was still helping Rhodey with his injury and they left to check on him. It was only Steve and Carol. Carol was about to head off as well.
"Are you sure?" Clint asked. "I mean there can be other people who would do this kind of a thing or maybe a new villain we never run out of those" he added. "No, I think Tony is right Clint. It has to be him" Natasha replied. She knew the devil well and she knew how Ross likes to play. Steve and Tony were correct but what next. "He must have a trail" Stephen added. Steve looked up at him and nodded. He could hate the guy later right now what mattered was to be together and he was willing. "Stephen is right, he must have a record or trail of all his dirty work" Steve added. "So why don't we go and arrest the guy?" Wanda asked. "You can't arrest him till you have proof Wanda we need proper proof against him" Steve replied to her.
"Thank you Tony I know why you are doing this but you dont have to" Laura told him.
"Yes Tony"
"Vision spoke to her in the morning and told her that if she wants something with him than she has to listen to us because we have best interest in our mind which we do so I am hoping she will agree"
"Who said I was hugging you? I needed someone to hug me and saw you so technically you hugged me"
"Hi Nat" Clint said and move towards her, however, Nat replied that stopped him in his place "Welcome back Mr Barton". That had shook everyone and the reality of nothing will be the same settled on them. Tony give her a nudge which meant knock it off but she stood her ground she was hurt and pissed at Clint. How dare he leave his family unprotected and accuse her of not having his back when he picked sides without even speaking to her.
"Welcome back guys" He said so they could stop a it further away and they did. Nat give him a look understanding what he was thinking.
"No Clint he does not hate you, he just needs a but of time be patient with him he will come around" tony spoke.
"I will see you guys in one hour" Stephen said and started walking with Tony. Steve did not like this at all he wanted to go with them. why were they going alone to his bedroom. He felt better when Peter, Nat and Carol followed them.
Steve saw Tony nodding at Bucky. The guy was rubbing his left arm up and down and Steve moved slowly towards Tony.
"Steve you have to understand it reminds me of you and you remind me of pain" Tony said and kept them there. Steve did not say anything and just nodded silently.
"Coop I know you are upset with your dad and I know you dont like him. But he is your dad and no matter what he will remain your dad. You cannot hate him forever. Give him a chance"
"Take care Steve and look after your man he is one of a kind. Next time I see you, you better have some kids to call me uncle" Bucky whispered and Steve turned red. Bucky went towards the jet and he was gone. Steve still hasn't spoken to Tony since last night. Tony was about to walk away to his lab when Steve called his name.
"I know Friday I know" he said defeated. Friday was an A.I. but she knew that her boss would never give up this easily in the past.
"I am worried about you as well Bucky its not that I dont care about you. I know you will pass the Trial but I dont want Tony to be hurt" Steve replied looking down. He was ashamed that he was admitting this but he could never lie to Bucky.
"Cap what happened to your knuckles" Scott asked and everyone started looking at him. Tony knew what happened. he knew Steve must be angry about something because thats what he does when gets angry.
"Wait"
"I have spoken to Hank and Hope. We are finalising the paperwork and soon you can be with them. Dont worry they are fine I have kept an eye on them and Hope is fine as well" Tony replied.
"Calm down Captain. Rhodey is with him the doctor said he will wake up soon"
"Everything okay with you Steve?" Nat asked from other end.
"How does it feel Bucky is it okay?" Steve asked
"Why so extreme Love. Calm down" He kissed heer on her cheek and she just smiled. Tony explained everything.
This all made so much sense now. He was the only one they knew would go to any lengths to make sure that the avengers fall apart or are destroyed. Honestly, the guy won stop at anything Tony remembered. What happened between Ross and Bruce in the start was a clear indication. Also, how he tried to attack him in the room through Bucky. Everyone else was silent in the room. It made sense but what will they do next.
"Okay but make it quick I have to leave" Carol replied.
Tony sat in his lab. Most of his work was done but he knew he could do more. Rhodey had left a message that him and Carol were going back and he better be back otherwise Carol would personally drag him back. They did not want him to be at the tower and they had made it clear. Nat had came down trying to talk to him but he wasnt in the mood. Stephen did not try to appear back in his lab which he was thankful for as he just needed to sort his head out. It was Steve only and he freaked out. He was embarrassed to go out again and face Steve. He was an idiot he made him panicked and later sat with him to calm him down. He looked at the clock and it was 1 am. He thought everyone would be in there room and decided to go to the kitchen as he was hungry and needed coffee. He walked in the common room and found Nat and Bruce sitting there with Stephen. Everyone looked up at him.
Steve elected to ignore him, despite the blush heating his cheeks, because Tony had pressed in against Steve as if seeking comfort. He was peering down at Barnes; Steve didn’t know which of them looked more wary and he definitely didn’t know what to say to ease the tension.
Rhodey came in and sat across from them, stifling a yawn with the back of his hand. “Mornnngh,” he muttered. Tony poured him a cup of coffee and pushed it towards him. Odd. Usually Rhodey was a morning person. Nearby, Clint dropped his fork with a loud clang, cursing as he stretched down to pick it up and Tony’s ribs twinged in sympathy. The archer had badly snapped a forearm in training yesterday, and despite the joys of instant healing, some sensations tended to linger.
, because the following meal was almost pleasant, right up until it wasn’t. Steve truly hadn’t meant to bring up Stark’s lateness, but once he did, Stark threw him a glare. The conversation went downhill from there, the other man’s barbed comments causing Steve’s own irritation to boil over, the Doctor looking between them both with unruffled curiosity.
19:53, Sunday 1st July 2018
Tony glanced up, found Steve’s face. “Hi,” he breathed, and Steve’s heart swooped again, hope and longing smoothing out into joy and amazement.
Across the room, Clint slammed to his feet, his chair crashing to the floor behind him. The archer stalked towards Tony, his expression furious, stopping only when they were eye to eye.
“Okay, then,” Steve said. “Together.”
“I significantly injured Thanos before he left,” Thor spoke up, his voice heavy with regrets. “And the Gauntlet was visibly damaged. If he is alone on Titan, he may yet be vulnerable to direct attack.”
this look on him before. In Siberia, as part of the sick mind-games of a twisted man. But this time, it was
Dr Palmer pulled over a chair and turned to the other man. “All set?” she asked.
A hand on his shoulder startled Tony out of his dark thoughts. Bruce.
“I’m driving,” was all he said.
“You had a seizure,” Steve said from somewhere nearby, and if his voice had been a
Tony’s whole body twitched; then he nodded, his expression blank. “Wilson went back to the Sanctum to get some rest, but he should be back soon. So I can go, if you-”
“No, Tony,” he said, and damn the man if he wasn’t giving him the blue-eyed Captain Earnest stare. “I think… I just needed to know that you were okay.” Steve hesitated. “That we were okay.”
The food was anonymous mush in his mouth, but Steve kept chewing. Tony would be waking soon, and Steve had to plan, had to think through what he wanted to say, but every time he tried his mind looped away again. Chewing. No taste. More damage, from the Stones? Or just the shock, like Sam kept saying. Reassuring. Good. But wrong. There was something wrong, Steve thought.
“Uh, yes, big deal,” Bruce countered. “I can’t believe I made it back in time, wow. Where
. Ty would know….
White.
“I know you,” he whispered.
In fact, part of Steve was screaming to press even closer, but an instant surge of panic obliterated the very idea.
Eventually, everyone had left bar himself and Steve. The super-soldier had poured himself another cup of local tea and was sitting quietly at Tony’s side. The silence was nice. It let him think, which was good, because Tony had zero ideas for what to do with his free time. Work had always been how he coped with stress. It felt perversely threatening to walk away from it now.
It was the smaller tragedies Steve found impossible to shake, the quieter sorrows that slipped under his guard to bury yet another ache in his heart. Today’s horror, the call about a search and rescue he had helped to coordinate in the Australian outback; the schoolbus had been found full of tiny dehydrated bodies, no visible remains of the teacher or driver; the gallons of emergency water locked in the luggage compartment were untouched. After hanging up, Steve had thrown up in a bin, then felt scoured with guilt for rinsing his mouth.
From behind his sunglasses, Stark gave a toothy grin. “Hey Romanoff, you busy?”
Steve thought.
Then Tony took a deep breath and sat up in one surge. His skull tried to convince him it was now just aching shards of bone sliding over a brain of pulverized jelly, but after careful exploration with his hands, he concluded this was a hyperbolic sensation and could be safely ignored.
“Exit strategy,” he said. Dead garden, empty sky. “I thought, since the ice didn’t work, fire might. And this way, there’s no mess. So you see? You don’t have to do anything, Tony. Either way, I’ll be okay. Don’t worry about it.”
“I don’t know. Likely the herb was stolen, or maybe sold by one of our own. The enhancements to Captain Rogers’ abilities follow the elixir’s basic pattern. But it seemed the Europeans further enhanced its effects with gamma radiation. Somehow this made the changes permanent, irreversible.” Shuri hesitated, looking over at where Bruce and Okoye were feeding the newly kindled fire. “But now I cannot synthesize a new serum without the herb itself. I have tried everything I can think of, but the herb’s magical properties are beyond my understanding. It’s just… it’s not possible.” Her voice trembled, a rare crack in her usual confident demeanor. “Despite my hopes, my brother will truly be the last champion of Wakanda. And then the Black Panther will be no more.”
Dr Lewis and Dr Palmer both wore frowns, but Helen nodded in quick agreement. “It is a breach of protocol, but I believe a brief contact will not pose a threat to the Captain.” Tony knew what she meant. Steve was too far gone for it to matter.
. Coming here with all your pretty promises, pretending you knew what was gonna happen, how things were gonna be.” Tony is yelling as he had once before in another lifetime, betrayal in his eyes, hate in his voice. “But you don’t actually know
“Exactly,” he breathed instead.
Yet while Thanos was distracted, the small girl had stepped around him and now ran to them, easily evading the Mad Titan’s grab. “Please, stop him,” she said. “I think I tried to stop him, but I couldn’t. You have to stop him now.”
“Okay,” Tony echoed him; this time the smile reached his eyes, and Steve relaxed a little.
“Since D.C.,” Steve admitted.
Looking down, Tony took Steve’s hand in his, the callused rasp of Tony’s skin against his own sending chills racing over Steve’s entire body. “Do you want to kiss me?” Tony murmured.
“How about I try to switch hands? At least then we can look each other in the face.” Unbelievably, Steve flinched, and Tony felt a tiny stupid surge of anger. “I’m sorry, is there something about the concept of eye contact that suddenly bothers you?”
“Yeah, okay, he says he knows where that is.”
In the wake of hope, the situation had gained a crystal clarity.
“Maybe not,” Tony blurted out, and it was like everyone in the ship took their first deep breath in six days.
“I’m still sorry,” Steve said softly. “And you would have every right to still be mad at me.”
And then, he was standing on a featureless plain underneath an orange sky. The ground underfoot looked like water but was solid, mirror-like. There was a small open structure nearby, with a familiar figure waiting beneath it.
At least, it had for
But it could be beautiful.
Tony scrambled for the nearby trash can and retched hard, his stomach too empty to produce anything more than bile. He spat, once, twice. Then he took a deep breath. “I’m alright, Pete. You can come in if you want.”
His fiancé scooped him up off the ground and dramatically kissed him. Just as he knew Tony hated. “I missed you,” he whispered when he let Tony go. “I know you said Sunday, but I guessed you would be here, and once he recognized me, the guy at the gate let me in.”
Steve raised his head, all the better to glare at him. “Bullshit,” he said fiercely. “I said that stuff to hurt you because sometimes I’m an asshole. And that’s the real goddamn truth.”
“Yeah, well…” Shuri shrugged, clearly trying not to show how much the setback pained her. “Hopefully the other me will figure something out.”
, Steve thought, his mind reeling, lungs burning.
Steve was watching him closely. “Was that before or after he started recording you?”
“Hurry,” she said then, and nodded to the increasing destruction visible outside the pillars’ glowing circle of protection. “Until you counter it, Thanos’ last command still stands, and this place cannot hold it back much longer.” She hesitated. “I must warn you, I don’t know what is about to happen. This may yet claim your lives, but please trust that I will do everything in my power to bring you through this safely.”
According to Thor’s greasy brother, Thanos wanted to collect all six Stones so he could wipe out half of all life in the universe, which was almost impressively stupid as evil plans went. Now that Thanos had taken the Power Stone from Xandar, he was already one of the most powerful beings in the universe. If he managed to acquire Earth’s three Stones, he would be unstoppable.
Tony frowned down at his plate. “Someone had to fix your mess.”
Steve bit his lip. He’d really thought he was being open and honest before, but if his friends wanted more from him, then he would do better. “Tony and I… it’s complicated. There was a lot of hurt on both sides. There still is, I think. But being apart just made everything worse, and, well. Yesterday we finally had time to talk.” He took a deep breath. “And if I’m being honest, my feelings for Tony aren’t exactly new.” Only Natasha seemed totally unsurprised by his words, the others displaying various degrees of shock.
The other man barks an ugly laugh. “Why, Cap, aren’t you supposed to
“Wakanda, then,” Bucky said, without missing a beat. “But thank you. For offering. It means a lot.”
so,” Nat groaned as Rhodey facepalmed theatrically. “Tony, have you ever explained to Steve using actual human words what he means to you?”
like you.”
Yet no attack came. “My old enemy,” the faceless man greeted the super-soldier, ignoring all else. “It’s been many years.”
“Uh, that is
worthy, you are good, so good, I’m the one who fucked up being your friend and you deserve so much better, you deserve everything, you… Tony, you’re the best person I’ve ever known.”
Fury rose in Steve, a bitter seething mass of loss and rage and loneliness, because he had believed. Even though Steve had known better, Tony had made him
me?” Ty said, having the nerve to sound genuinely appalled. “But you’re
She was right. She was right, but there was a fluorescent glare from the lights that was too loud to let him think so Tony tried closing his eyes but he still couldn’t think with the bright buzz in his ears, the light was ringing all the way through him and it wouldn’t let him
, Tony thought.
“Broken,” Tony said, still ice cold, yet his stance had softened. “For now, anyway. T’Challa says they can help.” He paused, ducked his head. “I thought you knew.”
Steve managed to move each arm in turn, though not far, and then yelped as Helen pinched each of his hands with no warning, hard, right in the fleshy part between thumb and forefinger. His loud complaint seemed to satisfy Helen, despite her smoothly offered apologies. No doubt both the pinch and the surprise were tools of great medical significance, but the pain stung less than the underlying insult, that he could have done nothing to stop her.
In a way, the other man already had.
, Tony thought.
Truth was, Tony was still stunned by how quickly their supposed victory had fallen apart. Crumbled away in their hands like- he shut down that line of thinking. Rationally, he knew no one could have anticipated the disappearance of the Soul Stone, but emotionally he still struggled to comprehend that it was really gone. And the person responsible was dead. Laughing, he thought. Funny. He may be further away from okay than he was from Earth.
The Queen paused. “Probably not, Captain Rogers. But I ask you to listen.” She turned to face Steve, her chin raised, looking every inch her mother’s daughter. “Regardless of Stark’s promise to bring back my brother, there can never again be another Black Panther. The garden is destroyed. The tradition is ended. And once my brother passes, Wakanda will go unprotected. Forever. That is why I wish to investigate the serum in your blood. If I can understand how you were made, then perhaps I can create a new tradition. Find a new way to protect our people.”
“That’s because she didn’t bloody know,” the Soul Stone announced as she reappeared, Peggy’s frown peering down at him. “Bless your luck. I thought we would have to leave without you.”
He’d fallen asleep.
Just one last stop, and his mission will be finished.
Red Skull shook his head. “You have traveled far in these difficult times so I will not waste words on ceremony, but please understand, the Soul Stone has no keeper; indeed, it can have no true master. Alone among the Infinity Stones, it will lend its power only for a time, and always for a price. Death, as you have seen, is a common path to its release.” He gestured to their surroundings. “To here, then, the Stone always returns; here it dwells, until the next seeker comes. The Stone keeps me here, but not as a valued companion. I am merely a convenient servant, guiding others along a path I myself cannot follow.” He paused. “Any further questions?”
“You promised me you’d fight,” Tony said, and then he was crying because he knew they were out of time, knew how cruel this was, but he had to. He had to. “Captain America can’t start breaking promises now, Steve, I… If you don’t fight you’ll die, you’ll leave me alone, and god, Steve, I can’t lose you again, I need you,
It had been seven long weeks and one day since the Devastation.
Nothing left, but the job.
Lulled by the Quinjet’s steady hum, Steve stared out through the cockpit window but he saw nothing of the artificially dulled sky. Instead, he thought back to the last time he’d seen Peggy alive, nearly five months ago. Pneumonia, Sharon had said on the phone. She was away on a mission, or she’d go herself. Steve was unprepared for his discovery that regardless of the century, all hospitals smelled the same. The mingled traces of chemicals and distress hung in the air like a warning, unease coating his throat as he hurried along endless drab corridors.
Bucky must have been thinking along the same lines. “I dunno if it’s a comfort or a curse,” he said after a discreet pause, “but somehow you’re even worse with the fellas than you were with the dames. I mean, goddamn, Stevie.”
“Sure, you let people need you,” his friend said. “But you won’t let yourself need them back.”
Steve felt the ground lurch under him and he staggered back, grabbing at the countertop behind him for support. “How is he?”
“Get the hell outta here,” the other man said, rolling his eyes. Even now, treating goodbyes like they were no big deal.
“I don’t want to?” he finished, mortified at his lack of a better answer. Yet Tony didn’t seem to notice; the other man let out a slow breath, sitting down slowly. Only then did Steve notice the fresh lines of tension etched into Tony’s face. “Are
Tony beams because Rhodey doesn't tell him he talks too much (well not at first, but later it's with love so he's allowed) or to stop prattling on about silly nothings the way that Hughard does. He listens, and Tony does not know a single person even close to his own age who will listen to him.
“I don’t get it. Why go through all this trouble then?” Clint groused.
Not just Pietro, sounding as young and scared as he is for once.
him see.  Steve made no mistake about that. If she hadn’t chosen to let him see this side of her he’d never have known it was there at all because that was how Natasha operated. How she protected herself.
“I’ve been through every inch of Osbornes files. He’s definitely working with Trask.” Riri confirmed, making her way into the canteen, holding the case full of microchips ready to be installed back into the collars. “As long as Hydra still attacks the President next month and the team stops Project Oversight we’re still on track for the war.”
"It was. But it wasn't me."
The door clicked shut behind her and somehow the room seemed colder for it along with the emptiness. Steve thought about everything she’d said. Maybe she had a point. What was the good in telling Tony about his suspicions. It wouldn’t change anything, except maybe Tony’s confidence in their future. Steve didn’t want to crush his hopes… but the longer he sat there mulling over it the more certain he became.
No protests? No threats? No wheeling and dealing? No sleazy advances to try and show him what he was missing out on? Just okay? T’Challa frowned as if he thought Tony might be slow.
"Ah. I see. Well, I suppose I wear it because I wish to remind myself that I am always under God's eye, wherever I go. Now, why did you wish to know?"
Before birth he had only ever known the rhythmic ebb and flow of the womb, his tiny body suspended in a great darkness… he can perfectly recall that dark and the sound of his mother’s heart beat surrounding him. It had been his entire world, before he even had a concept of worlds or the passing of time.
“You know you’re setting a bad example for Clint." Her hands were gentle as she slowly unwrapped the tender flesh. It was soft and pink with newness, a stark contrast to the angry and blackened blisters that had marred him only days ago.
*~*~*
“Sure Tony. I’d be happy to.”
A slash across the face and a blast to the chest later and the guy wouldn’t be getting up anytime soon. His partner thought better of being so closed and backed up, firing wildly as Tony rushed toward him, wrenching the gun out of his hands and punching hard. There was something satisfying about doing it with his bare hands, about watching the red lines appear on their skin, about knowing that even if they lived through their encounter with him they’d carry his mark for the rest of their days. They’d know better than to touch what was his. Everyone would know.
The blond laughed, ducking his head somewhat bashfully as he admitted, "She ambushed me."
Thor arched an inquisitive brow and Tony sighed.
“And now?”
They cut corners and use themselves as a test subject to save time and paperwork and they push themselves harder than they ever have. They can do this. They can create the perfect soldier. They can prove to the world and themselves that they aren’t a waste. They can fix what’s wrong inside and maybe then… maybe then, happiness. Maybe then Betty.
“I’m getting that picture yeah,” Tony replied with an easy smile, and Peter’s face broke out in an elated grin but before he could even ask Tony was shaking his head and stating firmly, “but here’s the thing. You’re thirteen. I’m not going to pretend like I can stop you putting on that suit, but I am going to put training wheels on you, and you’re going to let me because you’re a smart kid who realizes that he’s got a lot to learn, and sometimes it’s okay to take a back seat and let the trained people handle these things.”
Peter had always liked hearing Master Osborne’s old stories about his father.
T’Challa’s smile had faded and he didn’t look happy as he replied, “I must return for a time. I have obligations that cannot wait, and I must alert my Father to these mercenaries who appear to have stolen our technology.”
The wind gusted and Tony shuddered. There was an alarming sensation of heat thrumming through his veins even though the elements quickly leeched it away. That might not be a good thing. He had the bad feeling that his body was trying to compensate for the chill and the strain it was under and he'd seen already where that could lead.
For a time they just lay in the center of Tony’s bed, breathing quietly in the middle of his darkened room. The darkness made Tony miss the familiar light of his arc reactor. Eventually Steve ended up curled up along his back, one arm over the mound Tony’s hips made under the blanket. He continued to stroke his scalp but didn’t try to push for anything else. He just let Tony float in the security of being in his lovers arms.
He swallowed thickly, biting back the words that wanted to tumble from his mouth. He wasn't even sure if it would be more cutting remarks or apologies.
Tony grinned.
She watched the swirl of snow and ice and felt her mind drift.
"Er... So, why hunt them then?" Clint asked what was on all their minds and MiKall's gay laughter returned.
It was kind of delicious though, watching Ross stop short and take the snub.
Not wishing to test it, the kit quickly moves to point toward the magazine rack where the latest issue of one of his favorite publications sits on display.
Sure enough, Steve scowled. A second later a checker was flying across the room to bounce off his shoulder and Tony broke into laughter.
After a long, perhaps slightly indulgent shower she’d left her small quarters, following her nose and the sinfully delicious smell of bacon to the canteen.
The insurgents who robbed Oscorp and then ViXon were highly trained operatives who showed quite clearly that they were capable of reason and more to the point, mercy. They chose not to kill, even though it would have been easy to do.
Inside Tony’s head there was nothing but raw agony. The virus was going to kill him. She was certain.
The woman was evil, but Tony still had a failsafe card up his sleeve.
Steve jerked in surprise as Clint came up and clapped him companionably on the back and stuffed down the embarrassment he felt at how obvious his thoughts must have been, trying his best for casual as he went back to what he was doing.
As much as he still believed getting a chance to meet the Kǫtrdýr was an opportunity he could not pass up, he had the growing feeling that nothing about this trip was going to be easy on them.
Along with assimilating herself with this unfamiliar decade, she was creating Jaime a new shield. He'd lost his other one in the fight at Vixon, and he'd been pouting about it ever since. Nobody dared tease him about it either. Tony and her aunt Shuri had made him that shield. Jamie had trained with it ever since he was thirteen years old. Losing it was like losing a piece of himself, and they'd already lost too much already.
He settles in the dark of his room and lets the dust fly, catching moonlight in the recesses of his mind.
“Let go, Tony, I want to help him alright? I won’t hurt him.” Bruce gently but firmly entreated, and Tony closed his eyes dragging in his familiar scent and when he let go of Steve his whole body was shaking, cold sweeping through him.
Bruce left with the medics carrying Steve away and Tony felt so cold his teeth started to chatter but he refused to be reduced to tears and pathetic mewls when he was at fault for all of this.
“He’s right.” Natasha agreed, rising silently from her seat. “Your operation is tomorrow and that’s our priority.”
I meant no disrespect to Mister Stark-
"Obadiah thought it was a good offer."
They were all watching him with heavy gazes, the weight of their concern pressing against his senses and Tony took a deep swallow of his coffee for a brief moment of respite.
In short, a shit ton was riding on Tony’s ability to cozy up to Wakanda but lucky for Tony and his future Pride, he’s a first class businessman. He can’t remember when he last showered sometimes but don’t let the bouts of distracted mad genius fool you. He was confident he could out maneuver SHIELD, the US government and the World Security Council combined with a kiss for good luck while he was at it. It was going to cost him a pound of flesh or two, but he was used to that too.
"You know, a good boy like you Bucky could make a lot of people happy? There’s a lot of wealthy folks out there who would pay well for their toms to have a little company, even in times like these" Mr. Allen says, conversationally. As if they aren't talking the kit having sex with strangers.
Tony would bet good money that little square was the base for whatever powered the shield and allowed it to latch to the kid’s wrist. This time he shot a couple bursts of pure energy at the guy, ignoring the slight stinging sensation it left in his palms. The suit filtered out the smell of burned flesh and extremis and the nanobots within his system would see the exit wound healed in under a minute. The pain was already fading.
For a moment Thor let himself imagine it and found himself smiling. He could so clearly Loki’s aloof expression (so practiced) the grumpy bite to his words as he expressed his resentment at being forced to play the properly chastised youngling, not unlike an irritated cat kneading claws into the upholstery, because even in defeat Loki was never truly defeated. He was too patient for that, too quick and clever and mercurial in thoughts that always carried him miles ahead of the rest of their peers. Too resilient.
“Nobody’s going anywhere! This is crazy! Ny, tell them!”
“And nevertheless, they are not children of Wakanda.” T’Challa replied dismissively, turning his gaze back to Tony. “When Agent Romanov was shot, you knew where to find her even without being told. You would have been able to follow your bond no matter where she went. Leaving Wakanda is forbidden and a near impossible task to achieve in secret. It is not possible for my mother to have missed two children roaming so far from the pride. Even if they are low born, their absence would have created a ripple that eventually she would notice.”
"If I may, Director Fury?" Coulson spoke up before any of the others could, which was probably for the best all things considered. "Captain Rogers did bring his concerns to me regarding Tony's declining condition."
A voice taunted cruelly in the back of his mind as Steve, Mr. Take Action himself, slid a hand under Tony and lifted him from the car like he weighed next to nothing. He probably didn’t, Tony’s brain supplied sluggishly. Not to Captain America. Which was really hot. Or maybe Tony was just kind of hot all over it was hard to tell what was attraction and what was biology screaming at him to breed.
“Yeah, I do. How can I help?”
“I tried.” The woman immediately insisted.
The soldier isn’t always their handler. He is like a ghost, sometimes disappearing for months and years at a time and Madame has others teach them while he is gone. Each time he returns he does not seem to remember them but they do not mind this. There is a connection between them so strong that no matter how little Ivan (Nikoli, Patrik, Alexi, whatever name he goes by this time around) remembers he seems to know they belong to him.
“It makes the most sense.” Tony replied. “I know the Pride needs a Queen but there are others out there. You can’t tell me that the Warrior Prides didn’t have a way around losing their Queen.”
Tony struggled but the guy's meaty arm around his throat was super tight and had him clawing at it for air. He let out a gurgled cry as the guy leapt off the roof of the car - if launching oneself at least twenty feet in the air could still be called leaping – and caught the end of the swinging ladder hanging from a low-flying chopper.
*~*~~*
But now she wanted more than that. She wanted her family back.
“He does know this isn’t a real fight and you’re not actually dead doesn’t he?” Tony heard Clint mutter and rolled his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah I know. She didn’t swat you enough,” Nyota growled, trying to scratch him but Tommy knew her too well by now and was too fast to get caught by her claws.
"The first appears to be an anomaly," JARVIS said and it was explained a moment later when a video clip appeared on a small halo-screen just above Tony's head. It took him a moment to place what he was seeing but when he did he scoffed openly.
He stiffened, all good humor fading as his mouth twisted into a snarl, pushing the venomous thoughts away.
Great, Tony thought. But what else was new.
. They wouldn’t remember any of this. Their history would have been rewritten. A whole new reality born from the ashes of the old.
"No, but he did mention they'd try and corrupt our minds. I suppose when you can make what hunts you go insane there isn't that much to fear." Natasha said and a fretful silence descended for a moment or two.
The silence in the living room felt deafening without the others there but Steve was glad not to have prying eyes, watching as he paced the length of the living room. He’d have felt the need to put on a braver face in front of the team and could honestly use a little space to sort himself out.
“Oh good.” Tony sagged in relief, glad this trip wasn’t going to end with them shooting the bride before they even got off the bridge. "We're a little overcome ourselves so I guess it's a party."
Carefully he lowered himself toward the ground, hoping he wasn't about to land on one of his teammates, but he didn’t run into anything as his boots touched the soft surface of the forest floor and there was still no answer over the comm.
Next up. There's a robbery at ViXon Tech and the Avengers go head to head with the mysterious Gata-soldiers and their stolen tech. Peter doesn't know what you mean by training wheels, and Ivan the trainer is being haunted by an annoying hallucination that insists on being called Tony. How's a guy supposed to concentrate on a terrorist plot with all that chatter? Peitro is pretty sure their handler is losing his mind but Wanda isn't sure if he had it in the first place.
Well Steve had stuck his tongue down Tony's throat a few nights ago like it was going out of style.
Those chapters should take us through the events of Iron Man 3 (though they'll play out a bit different) and into Winter Soldier. After that, we're going to deviate heavily from the canon because they're catpeople and Tony's about to get hitched (and that should have told you everything). I'm projecting 15-20 chapters total.
"Ah yes, this iron armor you mentioned." RaTu blinked slowly at him. "While I am sure it is perfectly serviceable on Midgard, I really do doubt it will hold up against the combined weapons of Asgard and the Black City."
Or early afternoon. Whatever. Thank God for scary mental connections that allowed his teammate to monitor his bodily condition even at a distance. Her reach must be getting stronger if she’d known he was waking from several floors down.
"We care about you Tony. We need the facts, even if there's nothing we can really do if something goes wrong."
“I know what that name means to you, and we don’t have to. Use it I mean, really, the important thing is the paper trail. The rest of us can get by with some surface work but if Uncle Tony goes digging, and you know he will, your cover needs to be as tight as we can make it.”
(He’d have died and I wouldn’t have gotten out of that cave.)
Her reproachful stare would have made her thoughts clear even without the bond, but the bond was handy for trading private little quips. He grinned wolfishly at her and thought back with a wink.
It had surprised Steve at first to learn that Wakanda was sending their prince, but Mr. Ross had explained that Pride to Pride negotiations were taken very seriously in Wakanda and for the Panther Pride, sending their nations Prince to speak with a foreign Queen was a symbol of great respect. Everette Ross struck Steve as very confident in his knowledge of Wakanda, which was strange. There was some story there.
Are you saying they are some sort of good guys? That people shouldn’t be afraid there are highly trained feral kats running around?
“So those are your terms? A small donation of Vibranium?”
He knew everything Vankov has tried to teach him before he even set foot in the door but the submarine is new, and Tony has so many ideas that could help, but Tony is stuck in the house
Those old pharaohs were wise enough to see that with the strength of the Alurio behind them Egypt could become a neigh unbeatable empire. Which of course it was, for an age or two, but as these things go, it rose and then it fell (to corruption and greed and a bevy of outside influences you can read about elsewhere).
Tony Stark standing there with his thumb jutted out desperate to hitch a ride? No. Was it his most dignified moment ever? Fuck no. But It could be hours before another car passed by this way, so fuck dignity. Tony would have lain down in the middle of the road in his bespoke suit if he had to as long as the truck stopped for him.
“I worry and I plan and I do everything I can to keep one step ahead, to keep that from ever happening, but there’s stuff out there I can’t control and maybe next time I won’t beat it. That’s just the vulnerability I have to accept, the open target I have to place on my heart and wear out in public, and that’s
I gotta tell you I don’t like what you’re suggesting Dr. Trask.
He’d do it again. Marilyn was ages older than him, pushing forty to his thirteen, but she was kind. Talked him through the whole thing and even cuddled him after.
Steve felt himself blush.
Everywhere you looked there seemed to be bodies on display, every muscular line of a tom’s body served up for wandering eyes, the softer curves of the fels spilling out over plunging necklines and short hems, and every last one of them sporting tags and collars that proclaimed them as somebody elses property.
“This whole Pride thing, it means a lot to a lot of people Cap,” Sam admitted unselfconsciously and Steve nodded in agreement. He knew how much Pride Avengers meant to the Gata and as the breeze threatened to loosen the gel in his hair, and Sam turned to look out over the beach and the light dancing off the dark surface of the waves, he could only think how much more this Island was going to mean to them.
She wondered where Teddy was but knew she’d never be able to find him now. She can feel the way T’Cael is trembling and wonders if they’ll feel it when that fireball consumes them.
She felt the light touch of concern brush her thoughts before she even lifted her eyes to acknowledge Steve staring at her.
It just goes to show you doesn't it? You never can tell with people.
The only thing that makes it brighter are the pictures taped to the walls, brightly colored childish portraits of rainbows and suns, stars and universes.
“JARVIS found the name of our human bomb from the shopping center. Andrew Schulz, former marine. Deployed home during his first tour in Afghanistan due to getting a leg blown off. Mission reports are full of black tape but JARVIS is awfully sneaky.”
Most times though, Brian just drinks alone reeking of cheap booze and muttering under his breath about what a waste it all was. He’d blown through the settlement money he got from the fancy tom’s parents in months and he knows better than to try and pull the same trick twice.
In which the plot thickens. Tony might be warming up to the medic, which is too bad because Natasha knows he's not who he says he is and she's coming to the creeping realization that if they're really going to make the pride work, they're going to have to start showing each other their hands.That's hard for her. Here are the reasons why.
"Is that your way of asking if I'm attached?" Luke asked, following him over to the computer console and watching as he worked. Tony smirked, though with his back to him he doubted Luke caught it.
There was a mild sort of rebuke there and Tony stiffened with resentment.
“Don’t call me that.” She sighed. Alright, so if it wasn’t the course of action she’d chosen then something else was bugging him and that was just great. All she needed really, was more problems.
Nakia was there, leaning against the wall opposite the door, keeping a steady eye on Prince T’Challa and Coulson was there too, sitting in a seat beside Clint, watching the goings on in the operation room with a laser attention that almost rivaled Steve’s own. Steve hadn’t taken his eyes off of Tony since Bruce had kicked them all out of the room so that he, Helen, and T’Challa could get things properly underway.
Steve was beginning to wonder if Tony truly trusted him and it was enough to put a scowl on his face as he ran. It was New York so he wasn’t completely alone even at this early hour, but the streets were mostly quiet allowing him plenty of time to brood.
WHY WOULD THEY WANT THESE BARBARIC THINGS?
Okay. So he may have misjudged his readiness to go through another portal in space, and as it turned out "bridge" was just a fancy name for portal in Thor speak. Note for self. He totally hated portals. Would not recommend.
But with less than twenty-four hours to come up with some way to prove to Mr. Stark that he belonged there, Peter was in a slight but sweaty panic as he sat in the empty meeting room, fumbling nervously with his visitors badge to keep from picking at the expensive couch he was sitting on.
Even though every second was a kind of torture, Tony was kind of grateful that she didn’t answer too quickly. They both knew what was at stake here, and what was really being asked. It wasn’t about sides. It wasn’t even about who loved who or how much. It was about Pride. As Queen he had to know who was his, who would be standing with him, right or wrong, come hell or high water. It was Tony’s personal responsibility to know when he’d fucked up and to do something about it. But it was also his responsibility to carry the pride, and only that kind of devotion would give him the strength to shoulder the burden of thousands of lives stacked upon his shoulders year after year.
“You’re leaving?” Tony heard himself ask before he could stop the words and he felt like kicking himself. What was the matter with him anyway? Just out of surgery or not it wasn’t an excuse to be pathetic. Of course the guy was leaving. He was the prince of a foreign nation, only there on a diplomatic mission. Just because he’d risked his life to help save Tony’s, made him tea so good it was practically a narcotic, and laughed at his jokes didn’t mean he was going to move into the tower and offer to braid hair.
"You think that's what it's about? Doing whatever you feel like doing when you feel like doing it and ignoring us when you can't be bothered? We've been trying to bond with you for months Tony and it's you who has kept everybody at arms length!" Steve accused and Tony, proving once again he was incapable of growing a filter laughed dismissively in his face.
He looks to them and barks, “Don’t be afraid Natalia.”
“I know that.” She hissed. “But I don’t know if you’ve noticed Barnes, but we don’t have another option. There’s nothing for us to go back to and nowhere safe we can run to. The incursions will eventually catch up, destroy everything, and then it’s game over.”
“Yeah, but don’t you think I’d remember bonding to a Russian assassin?!”
“Screw you Barnes. And don’t call me that.”
"It's not your fault Tony."
“I don’t think even you could finish a blow job before Happy gets here with the car.” Natasha quipped, examining the painted tips of her nails.
Walking beside them father chuckles. Leaning close to mother to press a kiss against his brow, tickling the boy’s whiskers.
Tony’s heart sank. He’d not realized until that very moment how hard he was trying not to dwell on Thor’s reasons for sticking around. Sure there was Jane, but Jane could hardly be the reason he’d agreed to become an Avenger.
It was give and take, and push and shove, and finding the same face looking back at you when all was said and done.
“No friend of mine.”
He has no concept of wanting to die, only of a desperate desire to stop (for blissful nothingness) even as the barrage of ice and fire continue in relentless assault.
“Mama! We made fire!” Tony hollers triumphantly from his Papa's arms and Mama's glare intensifies.
“ETA fifteen minutes. Get ready for landing,” Natasha announced over her shoulder, flicking controls to push the jet faster; because they all recognized that growl in Tony’s voice for what it is.
He was talking into the camera and mocking the reporter’s question and there was Uncle Steve standing just behind him, looking annoyed at the woman.
Tony's family is coming together just in time for him to possibly die on them. Coming to grip with his mortality is not a new experience, but it's different when you have family. There's so much more to lose. In little ways his teammates show him how much Tony has a lot to live for and all of them involve chances of the heart.
Vonkov seems to come back to himself when he realizes he’s in danger of whipping his pupil bloody.
“You were gone again.” She murmurs quietly, mindful of the communication equipment that could be recording them for their masters. The soldier is glad for her discretion. She and Pietro have such potential. Killing them when he’s working so hard to keep them would be a waste.
“You think I’m not taking this seriously?” he growled. “Do you have any idea the lengths I’ve gone to in order to protect the suit? Every last piece of the Ironman armor that has ever existed has been accounted for and is stored right here in the tower. Every file, every last document that even covers how it’s cleaned, is so encrypted that JARVIS is adding new layers we speak. The only direct way in is through alpha override. Nobody has that but me, ever, and unless I was abducted sometime in the last twenty-four hours without my knowledge and tortured into giving it away, there’s no way in hell anybody stole it.”
A picture post for the Gata verse casted with child actors/models. You can of course continue to imagine them however you like but here are the visual references I use.
“And why would I do that?” T’Challa asked slowly, cool and measured. Never an easy read this guy. Tony liked that.
(Now it’s ours.)
"Robert." Tony ignored Ty altogether to greet the tom's guardian, whose mouth twisted with irritation at being addressed so informally by a kat before he could school his expression.
“You made the front page Stark.” Fury began without preamble, slapping a newspaper down upon the table and sliding it toward Tony’s seat. Tony didn’t bother looking at it, having already met with Pepper about the morning’s headlines but Steve reached across him to pick it up with a curious expression that deepened into a slight frown as he examined the article.
"In all of Africa?" Luke was the one rolling his eyes now. "Yes. But it is not like the old way. Masters raise families of kats, often for farm labor, and allow them to bond. They mimic the prides of old but thy are nothing like them."
"My tower my rules Barton." Tony shrugged and Bruce chuckled, stroking the soft strands of Tony's hair, paying close attention to the hair on his ears, and smiled inwardly at the low purr that rumbled out of his chest.
That made Tony smile.
because he trusted Steve to have his back and fight his corner no matter what life threw their way. If that was going to happen Steve had to put his cards on the table.
"Look Cap, I don't let people into my space, let alone my lab, unless I know everything there is to know about them. Debar's public records, besides being squeaky clean, just happen to be some of the more impressive I've seen." Tony stopped in front of Steve, trying to impress his point without the conversation degenerating to their history of finger pointing and name calling.
One day this crime boss named Marko had approached Barney and made him an offer too good to be true. No more masters. A cushy pad. All the girls a guy could ask for and an endless supply of nip besides. All they had to do was run jobs and do security detail.
"Cute." He said in response and the woman's furry brow arched. "But you know, if I were in your position I'd remind people way less that my blood was half Kǫtrdýr."
In Tony’s lab in Stark Tower an alarm shrieks and Tony Stark jerks in his chair, gasping for breath. In the chairs on either side of him Steve and Natasha are also jerking out of catatonic states, limbs shaking and heads swimming as they fumble at their restraints.
Bastet sniffed haughtily, tail raised high and nose in the air. Frigga just continued to smile.
The bullet tears through the man suddenly standing between him and Iron Man. Tears through the shield he holds - the
How could it be.
And maybe they did, but there was absolutely no way to mistaking the way he held himself or the confidence in his stride as he made his way down the stairs toward their welcoming party, completely unfazed by the sudden roar of screamed questions from journalists nor the blinding wave of camera flashes. It wasn’t in the expensive clothes or the fancy bauble around his neck, it was in the man. Prince T’Challa had arrived.
It created a hive like drone. Steady. Meditative with the right mindset. And it was that sound (the soothing ambiance of breathing and mechanical hum) that he found a certain level of comfort in. It was the comfort of isolation, but isolation was necessary for somebody like him.
He'd done it now. But that had been the plan, he reminded himself. He'd been terrified of taking this step when he'd been obsessing over the future in his lab designing his idea of Pride, but that little display of temper from Fury had gone a long way towards confirming his suspicions.
The reality of Tony's trust was... hard to grasp. Bruce had stopped trusting people a long time ago. It was kind of a hard thing to do when you couldn’t even trust yourself. He scared people, and rightly so, but Tony handled Bruce like he handled everything (except his own emotions). Head on, free and fearless in a way that was a bit breathtaking. Bruce was envious. Well up to a point. Tony, was also reckless in a way that was hard to watch when you cared about him.
The complications had really started when Natasha got herself shot.
"Oh gosh, maybe three years? It's been about as long as we've been together. Since I was what, sixteen?" Kitty looked to Peter and catching his anxious glance in Steve's glowering direction she rolled her eyes and redacted, using air quotes for emphasis. "I mean eighteen. Cause I'm totally twenty-one right now. You're not a Cop are you? You look coply."
“Well, the stereotype comes from somewhere but your increased craving for it might very well be linked to extremis,” Banner pondered with a thoughtful frown. “Could be because they’re high in amino acids.”
Steve had boxed the fear away and buried it deep in the back of his mind where it couldn’t distract him from watching over his teammates. He got lost in the long agonizingly slow stretch of minutes but knew something was happening when Natasha inhaled sharply, her shoulders going tense under his arm. His eyes flew from her to the bed just in time to watch Tony’s eyes blink open.
“Easy peasy.” Tommy had looked up from the vidscreen to watch the two of them and Nyota shot him a thumbs up.
“Teddy has the serum. You and Tommy don’t.” Jaime reminded them but the two younger kits weren’t about to take that lying down.
Steve lunged for cover behind a large hedge as Clint continued to vent.
Perhaps he’s just hoping that if he moves fast enough his demons won’t be able to keep up.
They always do.
"Okay, now what the hell does that mean?" Clint asked once more, throwing his hands up in exasperation.
The car rocked as something slammed into its right side, pushing it squealing across the lane toward the rock face of the mountain.
“I’d like that. You sure you don’t need me or anyone else from the team there when you interrogate Parker?”
“You bet.” Tony replied simply, swaying slightly as Harley collided with his side, the kit clutching on to tight as he tried to steady Tony’s larger frame, murmuring a quick apology. He was putting a brave face on, but Tony could feel him trembling.
Without missing a beat Robert clapped his hand on Ty's back and nudged him forward, on to the real reason he'd come there in the first place.
“Oh.” Peter wilted like the poor flowers of Tony’s imagination. “I just… I didn’t want you to get hurt.”
There were nearly a hundred people gathered at the edge of the field facing an impressively creepy looking wood (lots of draping branches and mist) but there was no mistaking which one of the many Kǫtrdýr amongst the crowd was Bastet.
Fear sent tension tightening up Steve’s back, putting his nerves on edge. The smell of antiseptic burned in his nose. Every beep and click of a machine coming through the speakers rang sharply in his ears.
She moved to his feet and he was free a moment later.
Truthfully, Tony had JARVIS keeping an eye on the city, watching for anything that might be going bump in the night wherever his competitors were concerned.  Spiderman just had a habit of popping up around OSCORP and once Tony’s interest had been piqued, discovering the costumed hero’s identity was as simple as catching the teen creeping into the upstairs window of the little brownstone he lived in with his aunt on a traffic camera.
“Should have gone with the easy way,” he replied, and just as he’d promised he didn’t hesitate in the slightest before he opened fire, repulsors set with enough kick that they wouldn’t be getting up any time soon.  They’d hurt Clint after all. Nobody touched what was his.
“Does she know you don’t like your ears rubbed?” Natasha asked, allowing a hint of amusement to show through her expression.
“That’s true.” Tony allowed. "And it's the only reason I'm giving you the warning. Also just so you know I don’t like it when the other kids have fancier toys than I do. Unless they share.”
But that was probability for you.
-Maria-
*****
Tony’s face went tight resisting the urge to hiss. Sonia smirked, as if she could tell she’d affected him.
Bruce and Luke shot the other tom a look and the dark skinned tom asked Clint with a slight air of judgment, "Is that what you did?"
That seemed to be that. Pepper breezily wrapped up the conversation before Tony could come up with any other evasions, his phone chirping with irritated texts all the while reminding him that he was supposed to be wooing Wakanda into an alliance and he was not holding up his end of the bargain.  He really wasn’t, if he were honest with himself. He was letting his personal feelings prevent him from doing what he had to do.
Jaime was at the other end of the table keeping an eye on Phil. He was the baby of the bunch at eight years old, but if you called him that you’d be dealing with an epic tantrum for hours. He was also by far the most rambunctious, even more so than cousin Tommy.
Natasha teased. Tony had been thinking so hard he must have let his guard down. That or the eggnog was getting to him.
Ty was nuisance, but easily handled. His guardian Robert Stone on the other hand, headed Viastone, one of Stark Industries top competitors, and required a more delicate hand.
“See how he sasses me?” Tony grumbled taking the offering from Natasha who pinched the fleshy part of his arm in an affectionate manner before returning to her favorite spot by the window as Tony continued to grumble. “I told you Jarvis that I was in the mood for fish.”
Tony eventually came around, and Clint didn't think that would have been possible if he'd learned the truth any other way.
How nice that Snowball and Black Jack would get to spend the rest of their days on a beautiful Gata Reserve.
And though he was nervous for her she looked so very sure of herself hand in hand with her chosen mate, regal and proud as and Princess.
"Tony gets pretty tactile pre-heat," Bruce tried, as he poured the steaming water over his tea leaves. "He has his moments of hostility but mostly he seems to want to cuddle. Have you tried...?"
“His name’s Jamie. There’s at least one future where we have a kid so… there’s that,” Tony answered, crossing his arms in a show of nonchalance, voice controlled and even but inside he was at war. On the one hand, there was the rational part of him that realized this was a huge shock to them both and would change their lives drastically. Steve deserved some time to process and figure out just how involved or not involved he wanted to be in the kids life. It wasn’t like Tony couldn’t financially support a child on his own, so baring all the messy emotional shit it was almost like he didn’t even need Steve really. He didn’t. Fuck if he was going to drag the man kicking and screaming into playing father. Hell no. He’d never do that to his kid, not after Howard. If that was how it was going to be, Steve could just go. They were better off without him.
“Captain Rogers if you could take your seat please,” an annoyed sounding Dr. Salek interrupted trying to edge past Steve and the captain muttered an apology before squeezing Tony’s hand once more and making his way toward the others in the observation area.
“Yeah. Looks like it’s up to us.”
One of them appeared suddenly beside him, as if she’d always been there even though Tony couldn’t recall her separating from the circle. Her skin was dark, her hair white as pearls, the thicker hair that covered her tail and ears white with the black bangles of a tiger. Her eyes reminded him of someone, dark and lit from within by a swirl of amber and flecks of gold.
~*~*~
I am so sorry for the long delay guys. It's been a crazy couple of weeks for me. This is a two parter because the second part solely focuses on Tony's surgery and is much different in style. I'm polishing it up but I hope to get it out to you quickly. For those still reading this story thank you for your continued support and encouragement. My promise still stands, if you're here than I am here.
Only, what? No. Tony couldn’t fucking relax! There was the barn and Natasha and Harley, where the hell was Harley and –
"Especially not for that.” Tony rasped through a tight throat. “You hear me Rogers?”
There are voices in his head.
"Like you ever doubted it. Where the hell are we?" Tony glanced around, trying to get a feel for the neighborhood by the people passing by and the cars lining the street, but honestly this had to be the most non-descript strip of New York city in existence. Blue collar, lots of pleather and cheap stockings. A couple of paint jobs and a hipster bar or two saved it from being downright seedy.
His Queen was always going to come first and who was to say what she would order next.
(See the end of the chapter for
Security had never been a big part of his life. He’d been born on a breeding farm somewhere in Europe and the kats that were born in places like that were destined for one of two things: the heat houses or the fight rings.
“Maybe we’d be better off using our own things?” Steve suggested, adjusting his loose breastplate. “I’m not sure I could throw my shield in this thing.”
~*~*~
“Alurio or not, they have to be apprehended” he reminded everyone. “There are already protests organized outside city hall calling for greater restrictions on Gata activities and tougher oversight.”
“Likely the same way Asgardians did among the Norse." Jane speculated, a glint of excitement in her eye. "Though the implications of that are pretty astounding. It begs the question of how they got here. Are they capable of traversing through dimensions themselves or were they brought by someone else?"
“Have you thought about how Santa is going to get in here when there is a giant hairy goat eating the walls?” Tony asked, archly and laughter rumbled in Thor's chest.
It’s beautiful, but not as beautiful as the tinkling sounds of piano drifting lazily through the air as his mate plays, or the light muffled snores coming from the warm body tucked close to their chest.
“The stone is a psychic amplifier.” She explained, when she was met only with their silence. “An extremely powerful one that feeds on the strength of the one who wears it and weaves it together with the strength of those who have come before.  T’Challa is not a Queen, so he can’t utilize it the way his mother can, but his mother is a part of the stone, just as the Queens before her. He wears it so that they can walk with him in this hostile land.”
"His tech is good so it's going to take me a bit of effort, but I'd say within twenty-four hours I 0should have a clear data sample for JARVIS to run through the search. I should be able to find not just him but his closest living relative if they've ever used a cell phone or spoken near some other digital recording device. You know Uncle Sam records everything right? That's why I only ever use a phone I've made." Tony finished with a shrug.
They don’t tell you upfront, what it does to you when the boss says ‘go to this address and teach so and so a lesson’. There’s no instruction manual for living with yourself when you’ve got to put some guy’s family in the river because he owed the wrong people.
If Steve were honest, which he was trying very hard to be, his feelings about Tony confused him. He was certain he loved him. He was just not certain the man he was and the man Tony needed to lead his Pride was the same guy. Because Steve Rogers was just some kid from Brooklyn, still trying to glue his heart back together after losing his first love, and trying to wrap his head around losing the family he’d always wanted before he ever knew it was his to protect. He just wanted to love Tony in the present and make a home for themselves in the tower that they could bring Bucky home to.
“How are we doing JARVIS?”
T’Challa grinned but amazingly it was Tony who answered.
Now Tony had a reputation you'd have to have been taking a seventy-year ice nap not to have heard about. He's slept with men, women, kittens and toms alike. Picky isn't what Clint ever would have thought to call him.
Now there was the tiny matter of hacking the information chips within their collars and into the state registry to plant their identities. Little stuff like that.
He's Tony fucking Stark, Queen of Pride Avengers. It's stamped on the fucking paperwork and everything and yeah, maybe he wasn't so keen on it before but now that he is, they're going to learn what that means. Every last one of them. They're going to regret the day they ever thought of handing him their broken crown. They don't know it but he's going to crush their empire and build his own from their bones.
and free… Well, as free as a Gata was ever free to be. The Ivan she’d shared with him was a different man. So much so that Tony had failed to recognize him even when he’d glimpsed Steve’s memories of Bucky.
"And made an ass out of both of us.” Tony poked him in the arm and Steve knew he wasn’t serious. “Guy is definitely a fel. Probably into you too. I would be."
“Sir is correct Dr. Banner, you did not specify what sort of license was needed.”
How easily he could find himself alone again, in another Afghanistan, getting fucked over, and maybe next time he won’t make it out. Maybe they’ll eventually find the grounds to take him from Pepper, or god forbid it’ll be her home under attack next time and he’ll be too late to save her.
"Yeah. We do." Steve answered decisively. After a long moment of thought.
"He’s a tom? What because he’s got big muscles and fought in a war like a big strong man?" Tony asked drolly, with a severely arched eyebrow and Steve chuckled.
The kid didn’t answer right away, though he did inch forward again until he was at the edge of the hayloft and Tony noticed that there was some form of box fort behind him.
Luke Debar was a Wakandain spy, which meant two things.
Clint had never expected to be a part of a pride any more than Tony had. He know how much that meant to someone like Clint, who as a circus attraction hadn't even gotten the illusion of being a part of a family before this.
And that concludes a major arc of this story. As always, please let me know what you thought. I so enjoy reading them and they keep me from being lonely while I wait for my writing partner to return to me lol.
Tony bit back a giggle. She must be pissed about the whole kit thing too.
"Tony?" Bruce's voice came through the door along with a hesitant knock. He poked his head through a moment later and eyed Tony as well as the syringe in his hand warily, "We're still waiting... what are you doing?"
“If you do make it through, you'll suffer the indignity of low wages with few opportunities for advancement while you watch others take credit for your years of work. You will do three times the work of your peers and watch them pass you, year after year. Maybe one of you will have a name tag that says Dr. So-and-So on it one day, but it will not be because the others were less deserving."
Tony looked skeptical.
“Have you lost your damn mind!” he thundered, nerves still jumping because he could have seriously hurt Steve and Steve didn’t seem all that concerned about that blast potentially hurting him.
He grins widely, breathing in deeply, comforted by the familiar scents of his home and his parents that every breath brings.
Bruce's mouth stretched in a small fond smile but he just shook his head. Clint was the one who had the audacity to put his hands in Tony's hair and rub at his ears, nails dragging on that one spot that he knew Tony loved.
YOU HAD BETTER EXPLAIN YOURSELF OR YOU’RE GOING TO BE IN FOR A NASTY HEADACHE THE NEXT TIME YOU TRY AND TALK TO MY SHIP.
The longer he wrestled with it the more uncomfortable it made him. A museum of some kind would feel like trying too hard and would probably only highlight how much smarter than everyone Tony was and how Steve barely even finished school and had certainly never gone to a fancy university.
“I had JARVIS run a background check on the company Travis said his brother volunteered with and they’re a front. We haven’t found a link to AIM yet but Tony, the money leads back to Viastone.”
And Fury didn't even bother to hide how frustrating he found that.
They're not wrong (the way that Tony is).
Tony blinked, pulled out of his dark thoughts by the sound of Helen’s voice. The fel had moved closer to the center of the screens alongside Bruce and was considering the displays with a focused frown.
Silence descended once more, but it was not uncomfortable. Tony resumed eating his Lobster Fra Diavolo and enjoyed the music and the warm glow of candle light.
He really wanted to get down there fast but he was delayed by an incoming call from Pepper that JARVIS insisted he wasn’t allowed to ignore.
Tony frowned, leaning down to place a steadying hand on Peter’s shoulder. The warmth of his hand seeped through Peter’s shirt and his strong comforting scent washed over him. Peter suddenly remembered being young and cuddling up with his parents on the rug, surrounded by their scents as he fell asleep to their gentle purrs.
But Tony couldn’t concentrate on that because the stricken look on Steve’s face was too much. It sent a cold creeping chill through Tony because there was no way around a look like that. Steve didn’t want this. He didn’t want them (him and Jaime) and he was so bothered by what Tony had shown him that he could barely even put a full sentence together.
None of us signed on to be Uncle Sam’s private army. Especially not me. You can take that promise to the bank.
So yeah, not a lot of time for heart to hearts with Cap, even though he'd been meaning to after that bit of embarrassment with Harley (because ouch) and even Tony recognized that some form of check-in was in order after an incident like that. You know, just to make sure the kid's data was wrong. Because if Steve was suffering some form of post trauma fueled depression, it was the decent thing to inquire, and if Tony didn't it was going to come down on his head.
Rhodey motioned with two fingers as he warned, “no more drinks. Watching you Tones. I mean it.”
God, how lame.
Thor grinned as Tony's smile got sharper.
Okay, that wasn’t his name but whatever. Tony shifted with the intention of untangling his hand from the ruined repulsor and take better stock of his injuries, stiffening in alarm (and okay a healthy dose of indignation) as a gloved hand pressed against his chest in unspoken demand for stillness, a strange chittering sound emitting from the masked man. Catman began delicately stripping away the mess of melted wires and metal, murmuring, “Forgive me Ayeba, but you are in pain and I fear what will happen if we do not settle your heartrate.”
Tony stopped, eyes flicking to the medic who was staring intently at Tony's mouth where he was prepared to shovel more yogurt. He was tempted to feel self conscious  at the intense regard in those brown eyes, and they were brown, despite how dark they had looked that night at the shelter, reminding him of the black vastness of space. Here in the kitchen with the sunlight splashing over them it was easier to see the layers of deep maroon in their depths and the flecks of burnt gold near the iris that seemed to glow brighter and brighter the longer that Tony looked at them.
“Well then, don’t say we didn’t warn you.” Steve snapped. “JARVIS, battle simulation six.”
"I assure you that the Bifröst is quite safe. And my mother tells me that Bastet is to be in attendance. She is the mother of your line Tony and a Queen like you. She will know much that may benefit your efforts here to form a Pride as well as your research."
“T-O-N-Y.” Steve offered with a seemingly innocent expression. Tony cast a withering glance his way but Steve just grinned at him.
"Come friends, that is the signal for the hunt," Thor gestured for his teammates to follow as he turned toward the mouth of the tent.
"If you had not wanted to be in my arms Stark I have no doubt you wouldn't have been there, and I am not vain enough to pretend you would have any other reason to want such a thing unless it was to uncover my identity. More is the pity. "
“Well you’re not completely wrong, but since you were an ass about it I’m not going to give you any points.” Tony scolded, grasping the chubby little tom by the tail and tugging gently until he lost his kingly perch on Tony’s stomach and flopped to the floor with an oof of breath.
She had managed to tuck her tail somewhere out of sight so perfectly in that form hugging number that it had Tony's eyebrows raising in alarm. Ouch.
“I slept yesterday.” he grumbled in explanation. “Had another heat flash.”
The kit has no note to show the grocer, cause his boy didn’t send him on this errand. He and his Ma are too proud to complain about how empty the pantry is and his boy is still angry about how they had to get the money.
To him, Tony looked incredibly small in the bed of the big machine, fragile flesh only looking all the softer in the middle of all that gleaming chrome and harsh artificial light.
“We’ve been here, danced this dance Rhodey Bear. How many times are you going to play that old song?” Tony snapped but Natasha wasn’t overly worried. Rhodes was in the car with them which meant that Stark had every intention of forgiving him and only wanted to make him suffer.
“Is it too cold Miss Stark?” JOCASTA asked with a familiar note of concern.  JOCASTA, not unlike her predecessor FRIDAY, had always looked out for Nyota and the other kits.
You know, for people who are one mutated chromosome away from being kats themselves, human beings are funny creatures. They insist upon the supposed inferiority of those unfortunate souls saddled with the ‘Gata-gene” and no matter how many exceptions they’re presented against the rule it will always be a surprise to them when one comes along.
Alarm shot through her at his unexpected appearance, her thoughts immediately going to Tony and wondering what had gone wrong with the plan. Maybe Killian had canceled and Tony had tried to warn her, but with her coms out it's not like she would know.
: Welcome back. For those of you just joining us at home, we’ve been talking to Dr. Simon Trask of Stand Up Humanity. Just joining us on the couch are Tony Stark and Captain Rogers, co leaders of the Avengers combat unit and-
"I dragged you guys up there with me," Tony felt the need to point out, because it was the truth. He was the one with a deadly virus taking over his body, the others shouldn't have had to suffer just because his life was once again in shambles.
For the first time in the classroom Tony has no idea what to say. Yinsen smiles once more.
He was always tempted to push further with JARVIS (to touch the bright center of the sun and report back to the people watching below what it felt like) but he'd read his Mary Shelly. He could no more bring himself to carelessly create a being with his mind than he could his body, because once life was given he'd always be responsible for it.
"I mean someone with a medical license. They could be blue for all I care." Steve insisted stubbornly, meeting Clint's gaze evenly and the tom shrugged, either appeased or just unwilling to insinuate that Captain America was in any way blind to human privilege. Guess that crown still belonged to Tony then.
“People do things, sometimes violent things when they feel it’s the right thing. Like the police who protect the city, and the Avengers.” Tony said, and Peter thought, like
"You never know." Tony quipped with a shrug, polishing off the rest of his drink with a flourish. "They could always pass that bill to legally recognize interspecies unions."
Ana chortles and Tony snickers so hard his butt hurts, but that just makes him laugh all the harder.
Tony really hoped not. His gut told him there was something more going on here, something bigger than what the surface implied, but he wanted T'Challa to know that if there was evidence out there that Wakanda really was behind his stolen tech, Tony would find it. And when he did, there was going to be blood.
And boy didn’t that just put all that fuckery with the flirting and the gifts (courting gifts his ass) into sharp perspective. A prince, a man who also happened to be the direct descendant of a goddess, who could slice a man from head to toe without pause, needed fuck all from Tony. What a joke.
– but Extrimis pretty much meant he was never going to have to worry about dry or thinning hair in his lifetime, and he was fine with clearing up some space in his bathroom for an in shower coffee pot anyway.
"Of course. My heart goes out to the poor creatures sold to the heat houses and the fighting rings, but setting you kits up for failure won't help anybody, and frankly I think it's down right negligent of Miss. Potts to have allowed it."
Tony screamed. At least he thought he did. He couldn’t control his body. There was a weight on him, holding him down even as pain twisted through every muscle until it was stinging bitterly in his teeth.
But even so, honestly he’d still prefer to go back just thirty minutes ago, before he’d gotten out of his nice comfortable bed that had smelled like him, Steve, bacon and eggs. Because Steve was the sort of guy who made you breakfast the morning after and didn’t even try to make you eat anything green.
Pietro’s eyes went slightly round, and he looked to Ivan. Waiting.
Tony watched Steve's pupils dilate and purred again as the enticing scent of aroused tom filling his nose, his heart beginning to pick up speed in his chest.
“That’s the plan Philly.”
"None were brave enough except for a young woman known as Neithotep. She was called a demon because she possessed half the parts of a human and half those of a cat. She'd been visited by a Goddess at birth and given a strange stone with many magical powers that our legends call the Nehe stone.
Tony shrugged, smiling impishly as he offhandedly replied, “Must have read it online somewhere. Speaking of, how are you handling that crisis on Sokovia, Stern, since General Prokovic was assassinated?”
It might still take a world ending level disaster to get through the wall of numbers and codes surrounding Tony’s brain when he’s in the zone. So Steve doesn’t expect miracles and comes to him instead, sometimes occupying the couch in the corner to handle the heaps of paperwork that comes with Avengering, or to draw in his sketchbook. But usually he coaxes Tony into eating something and coming up for air to indulge in some pedestrian activity. They take lots of walks and though Tony gripes about the cold, and the threat of the paparazzi, they both know he’s enjoying himself.
Steve was a man. A master. Bruce shouldn't pry. But, he reminded himself firmly, Steve was also a friend. A teammate. A potential pride mate and more importantly, they were equals. Whatever else his conditioning made him feel.
“Very Armageddon of you Bruce. Kind of a morbid note to start out on though.” Tony teased reaching for his hand and Bruce shrugged.
He’d promised them safety and rest, second chances, and instead he’d put a target on their backs.
“But we all know you don’t sleep with toms.” Clint finished firmly and Bruce winced in the face of Barton’s bluntness, but nodded slowly.
The tender feeling that evoked was short lived, chased by the proverbial dark cloud that was Ivan, the Soldier, the man whose memory Natasha kept so tightly to her breast and whose secrets she still guarded. It felt like a betrayal, because in a way it was. Natasha had given her life to him and not Ivan and to his own growing discomfort Tony was discovering that there was something buried deeply inside of him that was extremely possessive over that fact. She was either his or she wasn’t and if she wasn’t his then she was a threat. A threat that had to be removed.
T’Challa the bastard didn’t look as if he were buying it.
“Save me some hot water,” he said instead, the words rumbling a little in his unexpectedly tight throat and Steve smirked leaning close to whisper in his ear.
Tony was about to say he didn’t know, but that it didn’t matter regardless because as Bruce had already said the chances of Steve developing a psychic connection with a total stranger out of the blue were slim; but Natasha chose that moment to drop a bombshell.
“Can you hear me Asset 32X?” his maker’s voice reverberates through the room and Tony flinches.
"Don't count on it. I’m sick of being pushed around by this guy Pep. We’ve put up with it long enough." Tony insisted. He knew he was in part, still chaffing from that interview and all he’d read up on Trask and the new legislation the conservative parties he backed were pushing for. But Tony couldn’t change the world overnight, at least not in this area. What he could do, was show William Dyson he wasn’t going to be taken advantage of.
“He’s Iron Man.” Harley piped up bravely, finished harvesting his potato gun for parts, he handed them over to Tony. “And if you don’t want to be here when the bad guys get here, I’d do what he says.”
Bruce should know.
It wasn't much different than the kind of blather Tony suffered at a charity ball but unfortunately that just meant that he was already out of patience with it an hour in and without Pepper there to glare him into submission it was becoming increasingly obvious to his hosts that he wished they'd all go jump off a bridge.
"Not a damn thing." Fury snapped. "Stone expressed concern for Stark's role in the Pride Initiative and the stress it is putting on him. He suggested gentling therapy and offered his tom as a stud, but I had to inform him that a request of that nature had to go through Ms. Potts. I don't think Stone realized how specific his contract gets in regards to what authority SHIELD does and doesn't have over him."
Steve’s voice was surprisingly smooth, if quiet in the dark. He didn’t turn around to look at Tony as the fel approached but he didn’t seem adverse to his presence there either, so Tony slowly made his way across the rooftop to join him at the tower ledge.
"Tony, I'd really like to kiss you right now."
with T’Challa (the only professional on Gata bonds they had) and then make an informed decision on what he wanted to do next; and not because the guy was sexier than kat nip and had asked him to, but because Tony was a perfectly well-rounded and well-reasoned adult. That’s why!
“Uncle Bruce made that video slide.”
“And the time after that?” Steve asked pointedly. “How many times am I going to have to watch him hurt you until we’re able to find him?”
“No? Tony you can’t stay here.”
Pepper and Harley's mother were discussing the finer merits of custom jewelry. You wouldn't know it to look at her that Jena had a been studying Fashion Design before she'd dropped out of school to have Harley. Tony knew by the calculating look in Pepper's eye that some lucky bastard was going to being paying out a favor pretty soon. Probably Mel over at Darlings. Pepper practically kept the boutique in business with her obsession with their jewelry line.
“Bucky survived the fall.” Steve reiterated hoarsely, probably just needing to say the words in order to believe them and Tony nodded.
I just want to remind you that this series SPOILS a major plot element in I'll Never Wear Your Broken Crown, so if you somehow missed that up till now, abort. Abort!
Thor had some bullshit reason for knowing that involved Tony and scent signatures of all things, that had Tony gritting his teeth (because fuck that) and remembering with humiliation Queen Bastet saying something very similar.
He no longer needed the armor in order to open fire at his enemies. He was the weapon now. As Tony's heart pounded in near manic elation some mad part of him had the thought that the only thing better would be if he could become the armor too. Then he'd be... well then he'd well and truly be Ironman wouldn't he? The cocoon finally left in his wake. The metamorphosis he'd started in a cave long ago in the desert sand finally complete.
“Hey.” Jamie laid his hand over hers, stilling the angry jabs she’d been making with the wrench and she bared her teeth at him but didn’t try and bite him. She could hear him out a few moments more, but if he continued to be this annoying she wasn’t going to make any promises.
He was certain it would only respond to the right combination of thought and touch, but he was hoping by closely examining what functioned within the chip when a negative response was triggered, he could figure out the code that would trigger a false positive.
Steve vocalized Tony’s unspoken thoughts and the engineer nodded in agreement quipping, “Although it’s redundant and not technically correct, I agree with Clint that saber-knife is still a cooler name.”
that suddenly made Tony doubt her twenty years of age. She seemed like just a girl to him sometimes, a child playing at Atlas with the world on her shoulders.
“It’s good work kid,” Tony assured, scratching between the boy’s ears. “But just a thought, it’s probably a little embarrassing for the captain being psychoanalyzed in front of everybody. I know it’s easy to get excited about new ideas but you’ve gotta consider people’s feelings too.”
“Hey kid, look at me.” Tony’s soft voice entreated, and Peter looked up, biting back the urge to cry.
Tony grinned as pleasure at the blatant little flirtation blossomed in his chest and had to laugh at himself.
And Tony knew that as soon as he opened up his mind and wrested control of the technology powering the little creeps hover chair and wrangled it to a stop, that those white eyes in that fat head were going to turn to him in rage and he wouldn't have time to attempt to get control of whatever was powering that fancy headband before it shot at him.
Steve snorted a laugh. “I guess.”
and now
For a moment, Tony had no idea what Steve was talking about. He usually blasted music out loud when he worked and sang along to that, if anything. Then he remembered the earphones he’d worn earlier, so he could play music without disturbing Steve. Music that was apparently loud enough to prevent him from hearing himself make noise. Meaning…
“We’ll be landing in five minutes,” Okoye swiveled around in her seat to tell him. “The alien ship will land approximately ten minutes later.”
Steve avoided meeting his eyes, fingers still following the lines of Tony’s scars. “I was just wondering… whether it’s weird that I know what most of these are from.”
Tony seized his arm, too hard but- “You’ve never met him.”
Whatever he was hearing, Tony looked… scared.
Steve didn’t follow. “But I’m living proof the serum works.”
“You’re sure?”
It was like he was
Tony froze, then broke away from the other two, quickly covering the ground between him and the tall blond man. “Ty, darling, what are you doing here?” he asked, plastering a smile on his face.
?” Steve bit back, muscling right into Stark’s space, looming over him despite the suit’s added bulk. “I’ll tell you why, because he has the
She shakes her head; the light vanishes, returning a cold gray world. “I instructed Dr. Banner to return the Time Stone before it left this timeline because the ensuing paradox would ensure its continuity within this world. My duties require its use, and the consequences of losing access to its power, even for one second, would be… regrettable. And yet,” she shrugs, calmer than such words should allow, “from the moment you returned to this timeline, time has spun off countless versions of you, and I, and this conversation, each one as singular and real as the next.”
“Good nap?” Steve asked mildly. Wretch, Tony thought.
“No, Tony, listen to me, that’s the absolute opposite of true,” Steve was still trying to explain as Tony deployed strategic kisses along his jawline. “You
“Whatever it takes?” the super-soldier asked dryly.
It was nothing revelatory. Tony and Bruce would assist Shuri in the lab until there was trouble, at which point, Okoye and T’Challa would marshal the Wakandan defenses. Tony was not surprised when Barton chose to accompany Wanda and Vision as personal security detail, but somehow he hadn’t expected Romanoff to do the same. The two women had grown close in the past few years, he supposed. Yet perhaps Romanoff had more personal motivation, as she subtly maneuvered Bruce aside for a private chat. For his part, the scientist looked endearingly eager to participate in said chat, her low voice drawing him in closer and closer.
Rhodey had collapsed onto the opposite couch, devastated, his head in his hands but watching Tony through his fingers, as if scared the other man would vanish the second he looked away.
He drifted in and out of forever; it came, it had always been there; it sat by his side, patient.
Steve seized his best friend in a quick embrace, promising himself he would visit Wakanda as soon as he possibly could. Then he nodded to T’Challa and was hurrying away through the snow before he could think twice.
And when Nebula crumpled to the ground, sobbing, Tony stepped away to comfort her, letting Steve’s hand go. The simple loss of contact should not have troubled Steve so; Tony was right there before him, Steve could see he was alive and safe; yet somehow without Tony’s warmth his hand felt cold, like danger, like death, wrong enough that Steve raised his hand before him to check it was still there; the ice spread through him, ink-dark despair devouring the warmth of the sun, and so when the shouts that heralded trouble broke out, the Captain was not, in the end, surprised.
Tony and Shuri spent the rest of their free time on equipment upgrades for the team, which felt just like old times. Based on his previous experience with Thanos, Tony also added a few tweaks to the nanobots and tripled their reservoir count, which meant the temporary arc reactor he kept installed on his chest felt almost as heavy as the old implanted one. The familiar weight felt comforting somehow. The first night after, Steve claimed he could hear the reactor’s inner workings, which Tony supposed was possible; thankfully Steve also said he liked the hum. Removing it every evening would have been a pain.
He didn’t get it. Tony didn’t… He was right, Steve should be grateful, should be strong, should wait out the panic like he always had before but - nothing,
That truth was devastating, simple, and unfair in a way he loathed, because it meant they could both try, and try, and still they might fail.
He froze when he saw someone had left a cup of fresh coffee by his seat as he slept. A simple, once-familiar gesture. Luckily, everyone else still seemed fully absorbed in their conversations, and soon the lump in Tony's throat eased enough that he could drink.
, Tony thought, dazed.
- instead he felt an inexorable tide rise within him, despair spilling from his mouth, secret words, wrong words.
Steve frowned, irritation offering him renewed focus. “That’s not what I was doing.”
Steve marched towards Thanos again, his stride steadying as his body distanced itself further from the shock. The Mad Titan watched the two of them approach. The Captain planted his feet before his enemy and crossed his arms, refusing to acknowledge the flare of pain the motion caused.
Dizzy with unexpected relief, Tony opened his eyes to find Steve poised in full combat readiness. “Location, Friday?” the other man demanded, sudden ice in his voice-
At the time, Steve had taken that as a sign of hope, that maybe things were getting back to normal.
Red Skull kept his gaze steady on Nebula. “Do you refuse the sacrifice?”
. “Situation?” Tony asked crisply, intercepting a nasty punch meant for Scott’s lower spine.
Another ping from Friday brought them all to attention. “Boss, stage two is complete. All files have been eliminated. And according to the system logs, no other copies were ever made.”
Rhodey led him through corridors until they arrived in a large warm room with the Wakandan equivalent of kitchen appliances along one wall.
Probably he understood regret better than anyone.
, Rogers, don’t pretend otherwise. And I gotta say, you’ve got it down to a tee. Playing the perfect noble leader in public so I’m just some fuck-up in comparison. Poisoning everyone against me behind my back, so now whenever I walk into a room, half the team walk out. Well, fine. What-the-fuck-ever. You want the Avengers? Let’s make it official. They’re all yours. Fuck every last one of you, I’m done.”
With a furious burst of effort, Tony opened his eyes, glared at Steve. “Don’t you dare. Right now, this is working. Without me, maybe it won’t. And we gotta get the job done, Steve. Please.” Talking took everything he had, and he felt himself lurch towards the ground, a dizzy darkness spiraling to engulf him.
The morning meeting was due to start on the hour, but Tony Stark was nowhere to be seen.
Outside, the fading light signaled night’s approach. Inside, Steve stayed motionless, his mind lost in relentless wheels of misery. As the sun set over the water he did turn his head, but he was too sunken to appreciate the spectacle.
Tony waved at the vista before them. “Eh, bring a man to water, throw him in, maybe he’ll drink.”
“In case you’re wondering,” Tony says, “I know.” There is no need for questions, not here in this odd dream. “The way you talked about him… The way you looked at me.” Tony hesitates. “I’ve always known.”
