“What about Mom?”
“Yes, I can see that, but are you happy?”
“And have you ever been with a man before, Castiel?”
“Thankfully, yes, although it was close.”
The rest of the fight doesn’t last long, and Eileen discreetly puts her phone away when Katie slips by her and jumps on top of the men. Mary must have bundled her up because she’s now dressed in her winter gear, and the battle turns lighter as Sam and Dean let her rope them into a relaxed snowball fight.
“Your brother deserves to have his balls roasted on a spit,” Kali declares. “I’m just sorry I didn’t have a lighter handy.”
“I’ve seen you at your worst,” Castiel reminds him with a smirk. Dean laughs a little and ducks his head, so Castiel gently tips his chin back up. “And it doesn’t scare me because I know you, Dean. You’ve never wanted a commitment, and you’ve always been honest about that with any partner you’ve had, so if you’re really willing to change that now, I’ll trust you. If anything, I’m concerned I may not live up to your standards, but if you’ll have me, I’d like to see if we can figure this out together.”
“Always,” Cas groans. “Yer always right, an’ smart,” he adds, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. Dean winces when that same hand cups his cheek but indulges his friend’s ramblings for the time being, staring into his big blue eyes and wondering how they always seem to glow, lit up even in the darkness. “Yer so smart, Dean. You don’ know how smart you are.”
“Well, alright then.”
He clears his throat, and nods. “Mother.”
“Dean.”
“Ain’t that the truth,” Dean mutters.
Dean nods, pasting on a fake grin. “What can I say? He’s pretty amazing.”
“Sure…” He meets Cas’s eyes briefly, the other man nodding once. “I’ll just…yeah.”
Then Cas drops the towel, and hoo boy, Dean is suddenly painfully aware of the morning wood he’s got going on. Friends or not, Dean knows Cas is hot, and he doesn’t usually have issues acknowledging that fact, but seeing the dude full-frontal while Dean sports a hard on is a bit much, so he rolls onto his belly to hide the evidence in case Cas gets the wrong idea. But then, if anything, the mattress pressing on his junk only adds to the problem. Dean tries to get comfortable while also willing his erection to go down, but whenever he moves, his dick catches a little more friction, and it’s like it
“That’s for people who actually know what they’re doing, and you, kid, don’t have a clue. Come on, I’ve got a few samples that’ll set you on the right path.”
Cas is still watching the snow, neck arched and a barely there curve to his lips while his eyes take in the swirling white above. Several flakes stand out against his thick, black hair. One gets stuck in Cas’s eyelashes, and Dean has the sudden urge to thumb it away before Cas blinks and turns his smile on him, and that—Jesus Christ. His heart thunders away, pounding a beat in his chest and ears, and Dean’s not sure what this is or why, and even though the very idea terrifies him, he doesn’t want the feeling to go away. He wants to bundle it up and place it gently in the box under his bed for safekeeping so he can pull it out on a rainy day. He wants to record it and blast it from Baby’s speakers while doing eighty on a two-lane. He wants to wrap it in the finest tissue paper and tie an elaborate bow around it and stick it under the tree so Cas can open it on Christmas morning. He wants—
“Your team?” Zachariah asks.
A warm hand squeezes his shoulder gently, and Dean’s breath shakes on an exhale.
“I screwed up,” Castiel chokes, leaning forward to cradle his head in his hands. His sunglasses slide back and slip to the concrete, but he can’t find the energy to retrieve them. Not now. “God, Dean. What am I going to do?”
Pamela narrowed her eyes, but she was still smiling and hadn’t reached for the phone yet, so that had to be a good sign, right? “What are you, seventeen?” she asked softly.
Castiel’s eyes snap up, and he wonders briefly how he hadn’t noticed Dean leaning in to whisper in his ear, but Dean is
it’s Cas. It’s
Later, Castiel would look back on his loose lips and be thankful for whatever made him speak his mind, but at the time he just wanted to die on the spot. “Plugs?”
“Nah, man.” Dean turns and pulls Cas to him by his belt. “You haven’t seen Gabe in too long, and Kali’s great, and even Anna’s not terrible
“Dean!”
To his surprise, Dean laughs. “Dude, I’ve seen you naked, okay? No need to cover up like a friggin’ nun. Here,” he tosses Castiel one of his tees, “throw this on and keep your boxers on. You’ll survive.”
He begins mouthing at the bolt of Dean’s jaw, and it’s the break from hot and heavy and rushed to languid sweeps of his tongue against the other man’s skin that allows his brain the oxygen it needs to begin rebooting. Conscious thought comes back slowly, and Castiel
echoes from the building, and they both look up as a part of the roof caves in.
Cas’s mouth is curved upwards just a hair as his eyes cut toward Dean, and if the way his fingertip just slipped under Dean’s waistband is any indication AT ALL, Cas doesn’t have any qualms about being polite.
Turning back to Dean and Cas, Gabe raises a brow. “What do you think, boys? Wanna play Survivor and let us take your room for a few days? I promise we’ll leave the lube alone.”
He’s rewarded with a gummy smile, and soon they’re hanging on to each other and laughing. It’s enough to break the tension in the air, and Cas hums softly before grazing Dean’s cheek with the back of his fingers on his way to the bathroom.
“No, I know I’d have them, but…” Dean wipes his palm on his thigh and shrugs.
Castiel rolls his eyes fondly and huffs before turning around and holding his freezing hands to the vents. The engine hasn’t fully warmed yet, but soon. He can already feel the beginning vestiges of warmth coming from the rattling heater. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize so many other guests drove cars so similar to your own.
Gabriel’s voice turns silky smooth, and Sam grits his teeth against the sound.
“John was a lot of things, but he loved you boys, and he’d come to accept Cas by the end. If it’d been any other boy he might not have come around so easily, but like I said, he saw the way you two were with each other, and he knew how powerful a love like that could be because it’s the same way he was with your mom. I just wish he’d gotten to tell you that before he died.”
“Holy
“She’d probably fall all over herself if I asked her to dance while we’re down here.”
“So?” Eileen says after a weighted silence in which Gabriel holds his cigarette to his lips. “Spi—Is that a
“And then Cas just kinda, you know, took my hand or whatever—”
Late one Friday night their senior year of college, Castiel was walking back to his and Dean’s apartment when his mother called and nagged him about his lack of attendance to mass. He thinks he told her something about focusing on his classes before finals, but whatever it was didn’t fly, and she proceeded to lecture him for nearly the entire walk home. It was before he’d garnered the strength to stand up to his parents, so the call was just another weight added to Castiel’s shoulder’s, and he found himself dragging his feet up the final stretch of sidewalk to their building, and when he finally made it to the door, he found himself unable to continue.
“He’s bangin’ the pool boy and anyone else that’ll have him?” Cas hums, and Dean slips his arm around his shoulders, pulling him close. His heart aches for his friend, for the string of never ending crap he’s gone through with his family. It’s bad enough that his parents hate him, but for the golden boy to sneak around and let Cas take all the heat…It’s disgusting. “I’m sorry, angel. This is…well, it’s shit, and you deserve better.”
There’s fire in his eyes, sure, but there’s also a hunger behind them, and Dean wonders if he’s always been this skinny or if that’s an unfortunate side effect of his circumstances. Come to think of it, Dean’s positive they haven’t seen him here before, and considering they’re down this way at least twice a year and that The Equalizer is known for having a low employee turnover rate, that’s saying something.
“Rude,” Castiel grumbles, only slightly offended.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second.” Dean rolls his lips and levels a gaze at Ellen. “My father,
“Hello, Castiel.”
Dean stopped, his breath shaking on an inhale, before continuing to dry him off. “Don’t say that,” Dean whispered. “Don’t ever say that unless you mean it, and if it ever gets that bad, you tell me first, you hear me?”
“Hey, uh,” Dean swallows and shifts, dropping his hand. “You took off pretty quick back there. Everything okay?”
_____________
He doesn’t regret it, not one bit. He didn’t plan on sacrificing himself to save Dean, couldn’t imagine confessing his love while Death attempted to murder them both, but he isn’t sorry. It was the only way to save Dean, and in the end, that was all that mattered. He felt Dean’s longing like his own for so many years, but as they stood toe to toe, Dean’s longing increased tenfold, and for a second, just a second, Cas thought perhaps he wasn’t the only one in love. Of course, that thought led him to shoving Dean out of the way—because Dean would surely try and stop the Empty—and that was it.
“What’s going on?” Eileen asks, leading a disheveled Katie in by the hand. Her eyes dart rapidly around the room reading everyone’s body language before coming to rest on her husband. Sam quickly signs something to her, and Eileen’s jaw drops. “You’re kidding!”
“Castiel.” Mary rarely uses his full name, so it automatically makes him throw on the brakes and listen. Taking his hands, she smiles softly before reaching up to brush his hair off his forehead in a gesture so maternal it makes his chest ache. “Go play,” she repeats. “You have to learn to take advantage of the little moments while you can because they won’t always be there. So, go. Make memories with your husband. The dishes can wait.”
For whatever reason, probably because he’s the smarter of the two of them, Cas deftly maneuvers out of the question. “Actually, we never got that far. Once Dean found a parking spot, he was all but shaking.”
Scooping up the beers and making his way over to their usual corner booth, Dean’s eyes find Cas’s, and he raises one of the drinks. A woman is already chatting him up, her hands splayed wide over his white button up and slowly marking a colorful trail down to his jeans, and though Cas seems interested, his eyes keep bouncing off her cleavage like the blushing virgin he hasn’t been since, oh, freshman year of college? Or do hand jobs count? Not that Cas had much experience with those either before moving away. The poor guy was too terrified to try much more than kissing before he finished high school and got out from under his mother’s thumb. Well, if Dean knows anything, it’s how to get his buddy to loosen up, and that’s exactly what he sets out to do.
“Almost,” Castiel mutters, rolling another ball into the cinnamon-sugar mixture and placing it on a cookie sheet. Turning to the sink, he washes the sticky dough from his fingers and snags the towel from Dean’s shoulder to dry his hands. “Are we ready to ice the gingerbread?”
Dean ducks down, huffing slightly when he has to stoop lower than he expected to walk inside, and blinks as his eyes adjust to the dim lighting. His ears strain for movement, and he eyes the dark corners of the clubhouse warily in case something decided to make a home out of their little shack—the last thing he needs is to get attacked by a rabid opossum or skunk or something equally disgusting and feral—but all he sees are years’ worth of piled leaves and other debris gracing the dirt floor. Then, Cas is there behind him, so Dean shifts further toward the little window overlooking the creek.
“I’m sure it would make any gift you give her obsolete. If those memories mean that much to you, imagine what they mean to her.”
Eventually the band stops, and Michael takes the stage to make a speech about the “reason for the season” and allude to the upcoming election, and then he asks everyone to bow their heads as he leads them in a prayer.
They change quickly, both opting to sleep in their underwear and tees, and then Cas slides into bed beside him, and Dean would be lying if he said it didn’t feel like something they’d done a thousand times before. After spending long moments tracing the lines of each other’s faces, Cas pulls Dean in and resumes kissing the life out of him, albeit much slower than he had outside.
It’s with that in mind that Castiel centers himself while Michael delivers a long-winded and no doubt rehearsed prayer. When it’s over, the room resounding with a chorus of “Amen,” Castiel pulls Dean to his chest and thanks him for helping him reach that enlightenment with a long and wet kiss. Dean’s frozen for all of two seconds before he returns the gesture in kind, cupping Castiel’s jaw and gently sucking on his tongue, and Castiel doesn’t buckle, but he does groan low into Dean’s mouth. They part breathlessly and stare into each other’s eyes.
Cas’s eyes widen before a smirk that doesn’t quite reach his eyes curves his lips. “After you.”
Naomi huffs, and Castiel takes momentary pride in throwing the normally cold woman off balance for once. “Well, I’ll be sure to make amendments in the arrangements, though I can’t imagine why you failed to mention this information earlier. It would have been immensely helpful before now. Perhaps if you’d check in with your mother once in a while, I’d know these things. I’ll see you in a few days, Castiel.”
“Right?! There’d be a lot less kids in jail if cops handled things the way grandmother’s do.”
A warm hand covers his own, and Dean proceeds to tell her everything, all about the Vegas trip and their plan to act married, about realizing he wanted Cas and taking that plunge into something more. His voice shakes when he tells her about what really went down last night and what happened between Cas and his mom, and he’s full on crying by the time he’s done. Through it all, Ellen remains quiet, nodding in some places and lips thinning slightly in others, but she doesn’t interrupt him—not once—until she’s sure he’s finished.
“Never thought he’d settle down. Dude was nuts when we were kids.”
The French doors at the back of the house closed after Rachel came out, but now they open simultaneously, and Castiel places a hand on Gabriel’s shoulder to get his attention, and there, when Gabriel sees his wife-to-be on her father’s arm, he lets out a choked little sound, and then his face absolutely
Mary folds her hands under her chin, gazing at them from the head of the table. “I’d love to hear about it.”
Dean nods. “Yep. Arkansas. And that was before I was, you know, fully developed or whatever.”
But Dean pulls away, and there’s a shift in the air as he throws open his door and climbs out. “You’re wrong.”
“Dean—”
“Very little, just that he stocked the kitchen for us. He thought we might want to take our breakfasts and lunches here.”
“And I kissed him. Lightly, of course, because I was still anxious to be changing our relationship so drastically, but Dean responded in kind, and…” Cas trails off, gazing into Dean’s eyes with such adoration that it honestly takes him a second to remember that someone should probably say something to break the silence.
“Jesus,” he breathes, chuckling nervously and rubbing at his neck with his free hand. “Old women, huh?”
stare at Dean’s delicate features, especially after knowing what those lips are capable of. The thought steals all the moisture from his throat, so he swallows heavily before saying, “Of course.”
“Oh, no you don’t!” Patrick wags a finger at the younger Novaks while Dean places his bet. “No colluding during my game, or I’ll throw ya both out!”
“You’ve been in love with each other since you were four, honey.”
“Not very subtle, is he?”
“Just like old times,” Dean chuckles as he snags a handful of mini quiches and stuffs one into his mouth.
Now though, after the tables have been cleared away by a bustling team of black tie waiters, the music is starting, and even though the violins are a little fancy for Dean’s taste, he’s swaying in a circle with his best friend, and that’s not so bad.
Dean sticks his tongue out at Cas and is rewarded with a deep chuckle that definitely doesn’t chase the cold from his skin. “Caught in the act, huh?” Dean asks once they meet up with the newlyweds.
“For example,” he licks the edge of his spoon, and Dean’s transfixed, eyes zeroed in on that flash of tongue, “when you dissect the pie, you take it apart piece by piece, starting with the rich, buttery, flaky crust. Watch how it cracks as the spoon presses into it, and see the cherry filling erupt, coating your spoon and spilling onto the plate. Then, as you lift the bite to your mouth, notice the way the light hits the cherries, and smell that sweet warmth. And it is sweet. The cherries are just waiting to explode in tart bursts on your tongue, Dean. They want you to roll their skins around your mouth and swallow them down until there’s nothing left. Observe.”
Tossing the towel over his shoulder, Dean stares questioningly at his best friend. “What do you mean?” Cas just sniffles, and, yeah, Dean needs to get him into bed ASAP. The shower may have sobered him up enough that he’s not slurring
“Dean, I’m afraid it’s time you knew.”
With the texts comes a fuzzy memory from the night before of a conversation with his mother and an offhanded remark that has him wishing he could crawl in a hole and die. Just to make sure he isn’t hallucinating, that this isn’t all some tequila-induced fugue state, Castiel checks his call history and makes a sound similar to that of a dying cat when he sees his brother’s number from around four this morning.
“O…kay?”
Cas snorts but slips his arm around Dean’s middle and pulls him forward. “Unfortunately, I’ve seen your dick, Dean, and I must say, you pack exceedingly light.”
“Right.”
“What are you saying?” Castiel breathes. He wants to see Dean’s expression, but for the life of him, he can’t take his eyes off the ring held up between Dean’s thumb and forefinger. Even in the dim glow of the streetlights outside, the band shines, and this
“Me, too.”
“You know, Dean, there are benefits to taking your time with certain things.”
“Oh, it isn’t?” Cas asks. His expression is so flat, so reserved, that they both explode into a fit of laughter.
His friend shifts into a sitting position—albeit with a baleful, squinty-eyed glare cast in Dean’s direction—and runs a hand through his wild hair. The look screams sex, but Dean’s been around him long enough to know that’s just Cas’s default, and any attempt at taming the locks only lasts a few hours at most, and that’s with the good gel. Although, and he would one hundred percent deny it if anyone asked, Dean’s kind of partial to the just-fucked look. It’s just so…
She laughs, and it dawns on Castiel that she has no idea her husband is cheating on her. And, oh, there’s the epiphany he was struggling so hard to grasp a mere moment ago. Michael is cheating on Anna.
“Sorry,” they say in unison.
Cas cuts him off smoothly, his voice calm and respectful and everything Dean’s isn’t at the moment, and Dean leans into his touch, seeping as much comfort as possible from the familiar weight on his thigh. “As you can see, officer, my friend is shaken up, so if we can just get to the scene and confirm his family is safe…?”
“Then you won’t.”
And he had. As a result, Castiel’s faith grew stronger than he thought possible, and he found a new understanding of his spiritual self that he hadn’t been able to make sense of after twenty years in his parents’ church. And to think it all started with that one conversation.
, his face so close Castiel can map each individual constellation of freckles that dots his skin, so close he can feel the gentle puffs of air that are released from between his parted lips with each breath, so close he can pick out the brighter, leafy green flecks against his otherwise olive irises. Dean’s beauty is enough to make a lesser being fall to their knees in awe, but Castiel has never claimed greatness, and so it surprises even him that he can manage a coherent thought while staring at his friend, let alone form a full sentence made of actual
Naomi ducks her chin and holds her hands up placatingly. “I only mean that I hope this has been a wake up call for them. If I remember correctly, the Winchesters aren’t religious, so perhaps now they’ll get right with God.”
“Heyyyyyyy. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Uncle Dee. Uncle Dee, Daddy says it’s time for you to wake up or he’s gonna, um.” The kid’s voice drops to a whisper, and Dean, now that he’s somewhat conscious and aware of the munchkin that’s been poking him in the cheek for the last few minutes, bites back a smile. “What’d you say again?”
“Where?” Cas grumbles, his voice distorted by the back of the couch as he smushes his face into it.
Mary’s eyebrows hit her hairline, and she flings a finger toward the back of the house. “Um, the guy who thought it was a good idea to throw a Molotov cocktail through my window! What? I was supposed to just let him get away?! He came this close to hitting me with it!”
“You’re beautiful,” Gabriel breathes as Joshua, the Novaks’ longtime priest, begins the service. From where he’s standing, Castiel can just make out the blush that rises under Kali’s dark cheeks as she glances down, and she murmurs something low that makes Gabriel chuckle before planting a soft kiss to her hands.
“Oh, uh, Dean is a mechanic,” Chuck supplies before tossing back the rest of his drink.
“I didn’t say it was your fault,” Cas murmurs eventually. Dean’s chest heaves, and as he squeezes his eyes shut, Cas takes the opportunity to cup his husband’s cheek in his palm. A shuddering breath escapes Dean’s lips, and he nuzzles briefly into Cas’s wrist—not that either of them will ever mention the action, but Cas does file the memory away for safekeeping. “What’s wrong?”
Cas hums and slips his hands back into Dean’s. “Thank you,” he murmurs after a moment.
Dean watches him leave and is so caught up in his head he nearly shits himself when moments later Cas speaks.
“Dunno. They went back to their room together, and Kali stayed behind to do a random walk by later to see if she hears anything, uh,
in them! Do you have any idea what shrimp does to Mr. Roman’s wife?
Sam flung the pillow across the room and marched down the hall as fast as his overgrown legs would carry him, yelling as he went. “Dean! Dean, turn it down!” He banged his fist on the door, and when he didn’t get an immediate answer, he shoved the heavy wood open. “Dammit, Dean, it’s two in the mor—”
As his usually shitty luck would have it, Michael is just finishing up when Dean enters. Michael begins washing his hands as Dean unzips, but he can feel eyes on the back of his head, so it takes a little longer than usual to start going. Sure enough, after he flushes the urinal, Dean turns around to find Michael casually propped against the sink, his arms folded over his chest.
“You can’t stay away so long, bro! Let me look at you.” Gabriel smirks and reaches up to muss Castiel’s hair. “Still not as good looking as me, but you do alright. So!” He claps his hands together, rubbing them excitedly. “Where’s this husband of yours?”
“Cas!” Dean calls as Sam grips one of the doorframes and catapults himself into the living room. “Bacon!”
Raise your hand if that wedding ceremony cleared your skin and added a year to your life. I adore Gabe and Kali, and honestly, after this story is through, I'll be hardpressed not to write about how they got together.
“Yeah, I know, man. Perks of being aromantic. You think you can—” Cas lurches forward, hurling the contents of his stomach onto the sidewalk and causing a few passersby to jump out of the way with a litany of colorful complaints. “That’s it. Okay.” Dean rubs soothing circles into Cas’s back. “Let it out. Better here than on the hotel carpet, am I right?”
“Yeah, man. I had it all planned out, and now.” Dean’s dimples flash at the corners of his mouth, and he glares at the offending swirls of white beginning to settle on the Impala’s hood.
“Well, yeah. Obviously. I mean, look at you, dude.” Dean brushes his thumb against Castiel’s cheekbone, and it’s as though someone’s sucked all the air from Castiel’s lungs when Dean licks his lips before murmuring. “Gorgeous.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But there’s a lead weight in his gut, a heavy sense of something heading their way.
“So.” Dean clears his throat and thumbs over the keys in his hands. “That was, uh…”
“You’ve got enough on your plate, man. You didn’t need all…
, does he want to. His hands literally itch with the need to punch Chuck in his smarmy face.
“Mom, you don’t understand. It’s just—”
, being destroyed, and he can’t do anything to stop it. They could all be dead right now for all he knows. They could be dead, and where was Dean? Drinking champagne and making out with his fake husband. He never should’ve gone to the party. He should’ve told Cas to go and headed to his mom’s. Flashes of the worst possible outcomes flip through his head—Katie screaming from a second story window, Eileen on a gurney as first responders work on her, Sammy missing, his mom burning alive…
“Love doesn’t make sense,” Eileen says softly. “It’s difficult, and even the strongest relationships are tested at some point.” She curls her legs beneath her and lays a hand on Castiel’s arm. “If I was your editor, I’d tell you to run with this plotline, at the very least map it out and see if it has potential, and if it works, great! Sometimes stories take hold of their own reins, and that’s okay. Sometimes the characters know what’s best for themselves before the author realizes what’s happening, and by the time they do, it’s usually too late because all of those little details are already woven into the story.”
Dean flushes, but he directs a finger at his brother. “Shut your face.”
stop. Stop trying to change me! Why can’t I be enough for you exactly as I am?”
Sam glared at the clock and rolled over, tugging his pillow over his ears as he went. Three nights. That’s how long he’d been waking up to Dean’s tv blaring at some weird hour, and he was done. Quarantine or not, he intended to keep his sleep schedule somewhere within the realm of “normal.”
Baby’s tires drown out the radio’s static.
“Point is, Dean-o, Mom and Pop didn’t take too well to your little show last night, and when rich folks get mad, they get creative.”
“Eight.”
Sure enough, Cas clears his throat and continues. “I’m sorry.”
Flashing Mary an apologetic grin, Castiel dives for the bacon and takes off toward the sound of feet stampeding down the stairs. As he slides to a stop, he’s met with Sam’s broad chest mere feet above him and just manages to dive out of the way before Sam shoots by. Meanwhile, Dean’s holding up his hand, and after Castiel throws it, Dean plucks the bacon out of the air and follows his brother out the front door, full on launching himself off the front porch and into the air.
“So, don’t. Who says you have to go to church to have a relationship with a higher power, huh? Look at those chicks that run the coffee shop across from the park. They’re always talking about how happy they are doing yoga and meditating and stuff. Maybe you should try that.” Castiel makes a non-committal noise in the back of his throat, and he can practically hear Dean rolling his eyes. “Look,” at Dean’s gentle prodding on his jaw, Castiel looks up and meets his eyes, “you deserve to be happy, Cas, and if what you’re doing isn’t working, then find something that does. If that means finding a less than mainstream way of communicating with God, then go for it.”
“Dick.”
“Did you get the snacks?” Castiel asks, rounding the hood and peeking through the windows of Dean’s most prized possession.
She feigns a thoughtful expression, tapping her chin with a finger. “Now that you mention it, no, you haven’t.”
Michael hums and steps forward, and Dean resists the urge to shift away even as the older man locks eyes with him. “My brother is a lucky man.”
His brother grabbed a couple of oven mitts and jerked them on before pulling a pan out of the oven and all but tossing it on the stove with a bang. “What if I am, huh? What’s it to you? What are you even doing up?”
Biting back a groan when the brunette plants her hands on the floor and twists her hips just so, Dean reluctantly taps her hip and waits for her to climb off him before apologizing. “You were doing, uh…” He huffs and grins, the sight of her bare chest reminding him of exactly what he’d just stopped. “You’re amazing, really, but if I don’t get my buddy out of here, he’ll do something not-so amazing, and someone’s gotta watch out for the dude.”
“Hey, angel, you got the snickerdoodles ready to go in?”
_____________
“Better than I am. I swear, nothing rattles her.”
“I—” Cas’s eyes shine with unshed tears even in the darkness, and he swipes his tongue over his lower lip. “This is—”
“We’re finalizing plans.”
Sam freezes. It’s that same deer in the headlights look he’s always gotten when he’s trying to hide something from his older brother, but instead of pissing him off this time, it makes Dean’s blood run cold.
Dean’s head snaps back as he lets loose an abrupt bark of laughter, and it’s so him, so Dean, that Castiel can’t help but laugh with him while the others look on in confusion.
,” Cas pauses to stretch out for his phone and flips it around for Dean to see, “we have to be there in an hour. That means we should hurry if we intend to arrive on time.”
Unfortunately, Castiel is inclined to agree.
Finally, Cas must decide he’s had enough because he roughly wipes the heel of his hand over his damp cheeks and stalks off, but before he’s gone more than a few paces, he stops, and Dean’s ready to take it all back. He’ll apologize. They’ll make up, and he’ll never push the other man away again.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Dean greets, sliding into the booth and passing a beer to Cas. He has to raise his voice to make sure she hears him over the music, but that’s okay. It’s not like they’ll be having a full-fledged conversation. “What’s your name?”
“I haven’t been to mass in months,” Castiel murmurs, leaning into Dean’s hand. He probably shouldn’t, but it just feels too good, and he’s so sapped right now he needs whatever comfort he can get. “And I…I don’t want to.”
“Jeez, that bad?” Dean asks. He knows the Novaks aren’t his biggest fans, but he thought maybe they’d go easier on Kali.
Dean cuffs him on the chin and smirks, eyes full of laughter. “Don’t wander around in there too long. Don’t want you to end up lost.”
As soon as the words are out, Cas’s smile disappears, and he swallows. “Do you regret…this?”
can’t
“But you want to be.”
Okay. Okay, hold on.” There’s a short pause, and then Sam’s voice comes through the speaker.
“Look, I just, I-I know that the other night was, uh, well, it—” Dean blows out a breath and glances around. “This isn’t really the best place to have this conversation, but I need you—I need to
Gabriel Novak, 11:52a.m. : [attachment]
“Dean? Come with me, okay? Let’s get you checked out.”
“No!” He rips out of Cas’s grasp and points a finger at him as a couple of firemen approach him. “No, she’s not—she’s not dead! She can’t be! Get the hell out of my way, Cas!”
Castiel flounders a second, his heart pounding in his chest, and nods. Then, after realizing she can’t see him, manages another, though quieter, “Yes.”
“Of course.” Cas rolls his eyes. “I live to serve your lack of preparedness.”
“He is. Kali is good for him.”
smile like that.
Michael is still reserved during the ride back, and Dean sits curled against Cas’s side, but the others hang out the windows whooping and hollering all through town and singing at the top of their lungs when they hit the highway, but by the time the limo gets buzzed through the gates, they’ve mostly settled down into half normal conversation, and as they enter the huge house, Cas hangs back a bit, pulling Dean’s hand to get him to slow down as well.
“Fuck all the way off. That’s not fair and you know it.”
“Oh, I almost forgot. Dean, do you mind getting more coffee mugs from the kitchen please?”
“Whoa there, angel. Everything alright?”
A sudden chill runs up Castiel’s spine when Dean steps away, and he pulls his trenchcoat tighter around himself to ward off the winter air. Together, they climb the wide stretch of steps leading up to the porch, and Castiel rings the ornate doorbell set into the brick wall before shaking his head while Dean twists his hips in time to the chiming beat.
“May I have your name?”
Dean slams the breaks and barely misses the edge of the road as Baby fishtails on the slick pavement. Throwing an arm across the back of the seat, Dean turns and points at Cas. “What’d I say, huh?” He gestures agitatedly at the windshield. “It’s not my fault I can barely see twenty feet in this mess!”
“Bartholomew brought them over while you were showering,” Cas murmurs. His attention stays focused on his food, going so far as to smooth the wrapper flat on the table. Propping his jaw in his hand, he seems to slump even further. “He was…polite.”
“Our parents are the ones who ordered the hit on your family.”
Castiel narrows his eyes at his mother and speaks through clenched teeth, the desire to destroy something raging within. “Dean Winchester is a good man.” Castiel advances a step and relishes his mother backing away. “He’s brave and honest and hard-working and beautiful and clever and kind, and he loves fiercely, with his whole being, and he’s never selfish or spiteful. He accepts me for exactly who I am, and he always has. He’s never once held his affections on conditions, and he would never,
Dean grins and shakes his head before holding his arms out to either side. “So? How do I look?”
“Sure thing, hon.” She shakes her head fondly, stowing the blank pad in her pocket and disappearing into the kitchen.
“He won’t tell me,” Sam cuts in. He folds his arms over his chest and smirks when Mary bops Dean upside the head.
“You’re joking,” Castiel murmurs, his brow pulling together.
Castiel threads his fingers at the back of his head and sucks gasping breaths through his mouth as he realizes that he’s lost much more than a lover tonight. He’s lost his best friend.
“I can’t,” Dean groans into his forearms. “It’s too big. I—”
“How do you know they’re wedding bands? Maybe I’ve finally hopped onto a fashion trend bandwagon.” Okay, not his best work, but it’s not ideal circumstances either.
“Bingo. I'm telling you, Cas, I'm this close.”
When he’s finished speaking, Chuck grabs one of the many dishes laid out before them and begins scooping out a portion of vegetables. “So, Dean, what do you do for a living?”
“I hear you,” he replied automatically.
They didn’t talk about it, but by not talking about it, The Kiss to End All Kisses became the only thing between them. It was always there, seated at the table while they sipped their coffee, lurking in the shadows at Mary’s, dancing giddily when their eyes met over dinner, and squeezed between their cold backs as they faced away from each other at night. By not talking about it, they gave it power to grow until it laced every interaction they had with breath stealing, speech stuttering, hand shaking awkwardness that didn’t exist in their relationship before that night, that never had, not even after their alcohol-soaked moments of weakness. And now, in Lawrence’s downtown shopping district, The Kiss to End All Kisses was about to swallow Castiel whole.
Dean forgets for just a moment that this, all of this, is fake. He indulges himself in the idea of having a partner to share his life with, someone to come home to and curl up on the couch with, someone who supports him and who he can support in turn whenever they need it, someone to laugh with and tease, someone to make love to and know that they’ll still be there in the morning. He’s never really entertained the idea of marriage because he’s never found anyone he found a romantic connection with—as a result he’d self-identified as aromantic years ago, thank you very much—but now, with his hand locked in Cas’s, he thinks to himself that maybe pretending to be married to each other for the rest of their lives won’t be so bad.
“Meaning?”
“I’ve been told.”
Cas smirks. “Can’t you control yourself, Dean? Or do you normally go around popping a semi when you see others eating baked goods?”
He starts innocently, draping his arm over the back of Cas’s chair and idly stroking his jacket-covered shoulder with his thumb, and Cas casts a brief smile his way before redirecting his attention to the conversation at hand. Next, Dean allows his fingers to slip up to Cas’s collar, and with the first bit of skin on skin contact, Cas’s muscles tense almost imperceptibly under his hand before relaxing.
“Woah, whoa, whoa, just stop. Alright?” Dean blows out a breath and wipes his hand down his face before gesturing to his ring. “Cas and I are married, okay? I don’t know what Gabriel told you, but you’ve gotta know that dude lies, and—”
Castiel turns on his heel, lips pursed and jaw taut, and he’s ready for this, ready to fight Dean if it comes to that. He didn’t expect to feel such anger upon seeing the man he loves again, but there it is, hot, bright, and wrought with the fury of a thousand angels.
“I…no.” Cas continues frowning at their feet, but he says, “How are you so adept at dancing? You’ve never taken classes.”
_____________
_____________
“I wanna marry you, angel. For real this time.”
“Have you ever actually worked for a small business?” Patrick asks suddenly.
He says it so casually, like he and Dean wouldn’t have to pretend they’re married in their own house while Gabe and Kali visited, like he hasn’t even considered that fact, like it’s something he says all the time, but come to think of it, he does. Cas has been trying to get Gabriel to come out to Colorado for years using that exact invitation, but he’s always been turned down because of the bakery. Looking back, Dean can see how couple-y the invite is, and it hits him again how no one has been even a little surprised by his supposed marriage to Cas. It almost makes him wanna drop Cas’s hand and put a little distance between them.
_____________
This gets Zachariah’s attention, and he turns to fully face Dean, his eyes raking over him with a new appreciation. “How many people do you employ? Twenty? More?”
Dean shakes his head. “I didn’t know it at the time. Dude just asked if I wanted to catch a movie Friday, and I said sure. It’s nothing we haven’t done a thousand times before, so I didn’t see it as a red flag. Then, I met him at the house after work, and he was all decked out in a blazer with his hair fixed and stuff, and it caught me off guard. So, I took a quick shower and did my best to look nice.”
That gets his attention. “Who said I’ll be alone?”
Eileen frowns. “So? That doesn’t mean anything.”
“Yes, I understand that concept quite well.” Cas moves slow, reaching up to cup Dean’s cheek in one big hand, and Dean may or may not close his eyes at the touch. Fuck if he’s telling anyone about it if he does. It’s not their business. Cas doesn’t seem to mind anyway, just smiles that soft little grin of his and pulls Dean in for a lazy kiss. “Plans,” Cas mumbles after Dean has become little more than a wet noodle. Seriously, the dude can kiss when he’s plastered, but this sober shit is borderline ridiculous. What was he, a porn star in another life? Jesus.
! She’s an innocent! She doesn’t need a wake up call! She needs to be protected from people like the
“Uh…” He swipes his tongue quickly over his lips as he contemplates her question seriously. Cas smirks in his direction, likely knowing how difficult a decision this is for Dean and loving every minute of it, the ass. “You know what? Surprise me.”
She was already tossing the magazine he’d yet to pay for under the register when she said,
There’s a pause on the other end, and Sam’ clenches his fingers around the phone, stifling the urge to shove it in his pocket when Dean’s face finds his and scrunches in confusion.
free will, remember? This is an unfortunate side effect.”
Hours after her initial exam, the doctors determine that Katie, due to her history as a preemie putting her at higher risk for complications from smoke inhalation, will be kept overnight for observation while the adults are released.
Castiel swallows, and doubt flickers through his mind, but he thinks back to what Gabriel told him about the fire and knows what Dean told him makes sense. Of course Dean would think the only way to keep Castiel safe would be to take himself out of the picture. He’s always been the type to sacrifice his own happiness for others’, so really, Castiel shouldn’t be surprised. In fact, looking at this whole situation, it’s somewhat humorous.
“What’s her deal?” Dean murmurs into his ear.
A few hours later, pockets full of cash and riding a pleasant buzz, they stroll into The Equalizer. Multicolored strobe lights bounce off every available surface, highlighting the sensuous, twisting movements of the men and women on stage, and the gyrating bodies pressed against each other sparkle with glitter and what looks like neon paint. Craning his head to get a better look, Dean spots a bright orange handprint on a woman’s scantily clad ass and grins. He loves theme nights.
“So, you think I should add a romantic thread to my book?”
Dean sighs, rolling his eyes to the ceiling as his little brother crashes his good mood with that voice, the one that drips with disappointment and promises swift Karmic retribution. “What did I do this time, Samuel?”
“Cas! Cas, wait up!”
“And what?”
“Then how—”
Dean tries to play it off, but he can’t deny wanting to get some more family time in before they all go their separate ways in a few days. Who knows how long it’ll be before they’re all together again? “Eh, let ‘em wait. They’ll survive.”
The next day, the Impala rolls up to a pair of wrought iron gates, and Dean stretches out the window to stab the entry code into the keypad. Nothing happens, so he frowns and tries again. The third time, he glances back at Castiel in question. “You’re sure it hasn’t changed?” he asks.
Dean hums quietly thinking seriously about doing just that while they’re in town. They’re due to visit her tomorrow for Sunday dinner and then again for Christmas, and he’ll probably see her somewhere in between those times anyway seeing as how they’ve planned to stay until the new year. Yeah. He’s going to make a point to twirl his mom around the kitchen a few times.
Ah, there’s that wit he’s grown to have such a love-hate relationship with. Slapping on his most saccharine smile, Castiel bats his lashes and lowers his voice enough that Dean has to lean in even closer to hear him. “Fuck you.”
“Sam?” Cas asks when it looks like he won’t say anything. “Where’s your mother?”
Dean side-eyes Cas, watching the way his friend’s shoulders are still slumped. “Wanna check out the inside?” he asks, cocking his head and thumbing towards the door.
Dean hums absently to himself while checking the underside of a pancake with a spatula. “Almost.”
Her fingers hesitated only a second before she bagged the magazine and put it on the counter. Then, catching his failed attempts to not look at the toys, she tilted her head and eyed him curiously. “You sure? Everything on the bottom three rows is on sale. We just got in a bunch of new plugs, so we’re trying to get rid of the older stuff.”
“I’d do you.”
Mary just laughs and shakes her head. “I know I usually have it ready for you boys by now, but I’m not as young as I used to be. This year’s been colder than normal, and it’s really started to mess with my arthritis.” Her mouth twists, and she puts her hands on her hips, glaring into space. “That made me sound like an old woman, didn’t it?”
“Cas!”
“Yup.”
“Uh, thanks?” Dean murmurs. If he didn’t know any better, he’d say Michael is hitting on him, but the guy’s a hardcore conservative, married with kids, and ran for senate in some state over on the east coast a few years back but lost the seat to a democrat, so that can’t be the case, right?
Sam rolls his eyes as he cuts off the long-standing argument before it can take hold.
“Hell, we’ve got plenty of those here. Why do you think I started a late shift at the bakery, huh? They go nuts for cheap sweets, and I run a coffee special during finals.”
Dean throws up a finger, his mouth working around an insult and coming up short. After several moments of staring into his friend’s smug face, he finally mutters, “Get in the damn car.”
“You have a point,” Cas says. “But I still think you’d find Denver more than welcoming. When are you going to visit? We’d love to have you.”
“Yeah,” Sam huffs glancing down at his watch. They’ve still got an hour before they need to be back. “I think he did. What do you want to do now?”
Sam whirls around in time to see Gabriel’s silhouette tilt his head back and blow out a long stream of smoke into the air. The security light illuminates the cloud as it dissipates, and Sam frowns. “You called us out here to quote movies?”
“Check, please!”
“Nope.”
Forgetting how close he is to a particularly sensitive area, Dean squeezes Cas’s thigh in solidarity, but he’s soon reminded of it when his friend presses the pad of his index finger to the space right on top of Dean’s tailbone. He sucks in a breath as Cas withdraws his hand and decides to squeeze one more time before raising his eyebrows at the guy.
Straightening now that the initial pain has dulled, Cas offers Jack a small smile. “Carry on with my duties.”
“There’s always drugs,” she suggests lightly. “Or we could kidnap and drop them off in the middle of nowhere.”
Blazing light blinds Dean, and he quickly throws a hand over his eyes while he adjusts.
“Damn. Is that all?”
Catching her hand before she can pull away, Dean asks. “Woah, what do you mean finally?”
not safe for work until Cas cuts him off with another mind-blowing kiss. He feels Cas shifting his stance as if preparing to take the full brunt of Dean’s weight, but then the door rattles on its frame, and they both groan in annoyance.
“You did always tell us to be polite because it was the right thing to do and not because of someone’s gender,” Castiel agrees.
“It has gone to voicemail.
“Did you see the way they looked at each other? It’s obvious to anyone with eyes they’re head over heels.”
“What can I get you boys?” she asks, pulling out a pen and pad.
Both men chuckle, and Castiel leads Dean into the small bedroom at the back of the building. Castiel unzips his suitcase on the white bedspread and digs through for some bed clothes, frowning when he can’t seem to find his favorite flannel set, and when Dean comes out of the bathroom, Castiel is standing in the middle of the room, his hands running through his hair as he stares down at the various articles of clothing strewn around him.
Sam shakes his head and combs a hand through his hair. “We don’t know. We were asleep, and Eileen got up to pee. That’s when she smelled the smoke, so she woke me up, and we grabbed Katie and climbed out her window. They just left for the hospital to run a couple of tests, but the EMT assured me it was just routine for her age.”
And he does. He breathes in the cool air of the street, drifting snowflakes intermingling with wool coats and laughter, and he allows himself a moment to tilt his head back and close his eyes, to
“Because I—” Dean shakes his head. “I had to see you.”
After what feels like an eternity, Cas clears his throat and stands. “Gabriel, Kali asked me to make sure you made it to bed at a reasonable hour, and I’m afraid we’ve passed midnight already.”
Dean glares at the gutter like it’s personally offended him somehow and blows out a slow breath. “It’s the way you look at ‘em,” he says eventually, though his voice is still laced with anger. “Your eyes get all wide, and your face lights up, and you won’t stop talking about how magical it all is or whatever. You do it every year, and I don’t think you even realize how, how…innocent you sound.”
“This is…” Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. “Never. Again.”
Kali nudges him lightly. “He’s done quite well, although it helps that none of the other cafés stay open past three.”
Snatching the stick from Gabriel’s lips, Sam gives it a brief look of disgust before tossing it away. “Seriously? We came all this way in the middle of the night, and
Dean snaps back to reality, his fingertips trailing over his mouth. “Huh?”
Gabriel just shrugs, his hands in his pockets but with one arm loose enough that Kali can hug it. “Eh, it was worth it. You know how it is.”
“Things got rocky?” Castiel nods once. “Why?”
“Chastity” snatches the bill and makes it disappear just as quickly before turning to Cas and toying with the top button of his shirt. Cas’s throat constricts as she straddles his thighs, and Dean takes a long pull of his beer, draining half the bottle in one go. A buff waiter sidles up moments later and begins lining shot after shot of colorful liquid in a neat row across the table, and Dean zeroes in on those graced with limes immediately. After tipping him—because really, he wants to get on the employees’ good sides early so they can turn a great night into an awesome one—he takes just enough time to check out the dude’s leather-covered thighs before plucking the lime out of a glass and handing it to the woman grinding down on his best friend’s crotch. She tips Cas’s head back and fits the glass to his lips, and even though Cas narrows his eyes at Dean once the tequila hits his tongue, he finishes it quickly and doesn’t refuse when Chastity blindly takes another.
, okay?!”
Castiel resisted the urge to wipe the sweat beading on his temples as he caught sight of the various toys inside the glass case on the wall behind the woman and nodded. “Yes.”
“What do you mean?”
Unfortunately, Dean’s so caught up in staring at Cas that he almost misses Katie when the four-year-old throws herself on his chest. “Oof! Hey Katie-bug!”
Castiel squints at him and tilts his head. “You are a very strange man, Dean Winchester.”
“Suit?!” Dean yells, his voice hitting an octave Castiel hasn’t heard out of the guy since they were twelve and on the cusp of puberty. “The hell you taking a suit for, man? It’s Vegas, not a freaking funeral!”
Dean grins at him then, his hair lit up by the porch light behind him forming a sort of halo around him, and Castiel can’t help but grin back. As much as Dean calls him an angel, Castiel has always thought Dean was the one who saved him. That first day of preschool so many years ago, when Castiel stood with his back to the wall petrified of the rambunctious children around him, it had been Dean to notice his discomfort and carefully offer him his favorite stuffed animal to hold onto. From then on, they’d been inseparable.
“All this time,” Cas muses. A gentle smile crosses his lips, and he stares hard at his husband even as the corner of his mouth threatens a full-on smirk. “Dean, I have seen the rise of great civilizations, the creation of countless species, skimmed Saturn’s rings and whispered inspiration into the greatest artists’ ears. I’ve bled and died for the ones I love, and I’ve knelt in the presence of Glory, but I would trade it all to live an eternity in this moment with you. I don’t care about the snow, or the cold, or how we should have reached a beach by now. We’ll get there eventually, but as long as I get to exist in your orbit, I’m more than content. I’m happy.”
Something clinks onto the countertop at Dean’s elbow, and he glances down to see— “Oh.”
, Dean pleads.
if Castiel could take a picture of him right now. Dean’s slack jaw and mussed hair will forever be seared like a brand into Castiel’s brain. As it is, Castiel sniffs and nods, and the brilliant smile that stretches across Dean’s features may be enough to blind him. “Yeah?”
_____________
The rest of dinner passes without fanfare, much like it had at first, and soon they’re heading back to the pool house to layer up before meeting the newlyweds.
“If you wanna get technical—” He’s cut off by a fortune cookie bouncing off his face, and Dean only spares half a second to process the move before he’s tackling his friend. They go rolling onto the floor, and a simple wrestling match soon turns into a food fight when a rogue foot knocks the contents of a takeout carton onto Cas’s back. Their living room turns into a battlefield while the movie continues on in the background, John McClane all but forgotten.
“Dean, I know.”
“Of course you do, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes flick down to meet Castiel’s and he smirks. “Too bad you showed him up in that department, huh?”
“He did it for me.”
Dean nips Cas’s jaw in defiance but brings his hands back to rest on Cas’s sides. “You’re no fun,” he grumbles.
“Katie will enjoy the reindeer,” Cas muses. He adjusts the display he’s working on and glances over his shoulder. “Next year we should buy some for the yard, too.”
“It’s Sam, and it’s not so much what you did, but what you didn’t do.” Gigantor’s shoes make the floor creak as he crosses the room. “Namely, calling me.”
“Perfect?”
that we’re okay.” Slowly, hesitantly, Dean brings his gaze back up to meet Castiel’s, and his voice nearly squeaks with how low it is. “Are we okay?”
The deep rumble vibrates down to his core, and Dean finds himself rambling a string of things that are
, would someone want to kill them?
“Weird,” Castiel murmurs.
Dean leans back, wide-eyed. “Let me finish! What I was going to say, before I was so rudely interrupted, is that you’re not just ‘fairly attractive.’ You’re drop dead gorgeous, angel, and everyone knows it.”
_____________
Leaning closer, Dean lowers his voice to keep the others from overhearing. “What’s going on, angel? You okay?”
“What happened?”
“Dean?” Sam pursed his lips, unsure if he should broach the subject but also keenly aware that something had gone horribly wrong while he’d slept. “Dean, where’s Cas?”
But he doesn’t.
Dean groans inwardly and glares at his pseudo-sister while everyone else looks up to check her story. Gabe and Kali readily indulge the tradition with a short but sweet peck on the lips, and then Cas is staring wide-eyed at Dean, and he’d be lying if some of the same fear visible in Cas’s expression wasn’t mirrored in his own gut, but still, everyone is watching, and even Ellen can be seen from the corner of his eye waving away some patron’s order as she leans over the bar to get a peek.
Heat floods Dean’s face, and he stammers while flashes of their yoga sessions flood his brain. He can recall in vivid detail each time Cas appraised his form or corrected him with gentle but firm hands and how those same hands all but seared his skin. “Cas is a fantastic teacher,” Dean finally manages, pushing up and rubbing the back of his neck. Sam’s eyebrows hit his hairline, and his lips part in surprise while Eileen’s twist into a smirk, so Dean quickly changes the subject. “I’m starving. Mom, I’ll make breakfast. Cool?”
“Plans?”
“Not a question, sweetheart.” Pamela reached out and took his hand in hers before turning it over and running her thumbs over his open palm. She moved gently, her touch soothing something deep within him that Castiel hadn’t known existed, and he watched while she traced a few of the lines on his skin, lingering on one in particular. “You can’t get started with this,” Pamela declared after several long moments of silence.
There are no physical pains in the new Heaven, so Dean doesn’t complain about being too old when he wakes up plastered to Cas’s front as they sprawl across the seat, and his stomach doesn’t rumble with the need for sustenance—though he promises to show Cas the finer points of the morning after as soon as they have access to a functioning kitchen—so they wait for the snow to melt off by discovering new ways to make each other come undone. Dean, Cas finds, is highly adept at improvising and makes use of each facet of their current circumstances, but he enjoys letting go of control best of all. In turn, Cas cradles the trust Dean places in him and builds empires within the boundaries of their shared sandbox, and together, they get lost in their own little corner of the universe.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ass.”
Dean ran a hand down his face and stared up at his younger brother with a look that said he’d rather suffer another forty year tour downstairs than talk about this, but eventually he huffed and pushed himself to his feet, bowl in hand. “We, uh, we had a fight.” Pouring the batter into one of the prepared pans, he shrugged and lightened his tone—though it still came out a bit strained. “It didn’t end well, and he left. So.”
Castiel’s lips quirk up, and he lifts an eyebrow. “Ice?”
Jack’s mouth snaps shut, and he purses his lips thoughtfully. Cas can’t tell what’s going on behind those eyes, but the quick grin Jack flashes causes dread to coil heavily in his stomach.
Seconds tick by, Dean’s ears straining for signs of life in the otherwise empty building while his heart slows, and he turns to sweep his gaze over the bedroom one more time when he sees it.
“No.” Zachariah narrows his eyes. “Why?”
Castiel is up to his elbows in flour and cinnamon, and he is most definitely not checking out Dean’s ass in the grey sweats Mary found for him. Frankly, he’s surprised either of them can still fit into the same clothes they wore in high school, and while they aren’t as roomy as he remembers, they are twice as comfy, the material soft after so many washes.
Cas pulls back and just stares at Dean, his fingertips cradling Dean’s features like he’s something precious, something to be protected and revered, and it’s so unlike anything he’s ever seen from anyone else he’s shared a bed—or backseat, or closet, or fucking booth—with that Dean’s caught off guard for a moment, and he lets his walls come down and allows himself to hear what Cas says. “Because,” Cas murmurs, “you’re different than the rest, and when we have sex, I want it to be different, too. I can’t take back all the years I’ve wasted not realizing what was in front of me, but going forward I can treat you with the respect you deserve.” He inhales, and his dark lashes cast long shadows over his cheekbones in the low lamp light as he closes his eyes. “I know you, Dean, but I want to know us before we go there.”
Cas turns and stares at his mother, and Dean can see the way his walls have crumbled completely, how raw his nerves are, and how exhausted he must be. “I never wanted to be,” he murmurs.
Dean huffs a little laugh and shakes his head. He’s such an idiot. “You’re right,” he grins, giddy at the realization thumping behind his ribs.
“You do the work yourself?” Naomi asks.
from her usual self that Castiel fumbles the platter of roast and would have dropped it had it not been for Dean’s quick hands. Dean just winks and goes about putting some on both their plates before handing the dish off to Gabriel.
Castiel sniffs and shakes his head against his kneecaps. “It’s not important.”
“Ah! No! I, I mean, I occasionally join Cas for a session, but it, well, it—it’s not like I make it a regular thing or…whatever.”
“Me, too,” Dean whispers. Cas’s brows pull together, and Dean kisses the wrinkles gently. “Wherever you are, Cas, I’m happy.”
Dean’s still wide-eyed, but he must find something steady in Castiel’s gaze because he grabs a fistful of Castiel’s jacket right over his heart and shakes the fabric. “Okay.”
The corners of Cas’s mouth curl ever so slightly as he begins tapping away on his phone. The plan is to set up shop in a backroom poker game for Gabriel’s bachelor party, and Patrick, one of Gabe’s longtime friends, says he can get them in no problem. Dean’s never particularly cared for the guy—too slick for his tastes—but if this comes together, they’ll have the perfect place to bomb Gabriel with the stripper-gram they have planned, and then things will really get rolling.
In that moment, Castiel feels everything he never knew he wanted slip-sliding away, and he’s helpless to stop it.
Every movement sends Castiel higher, torturing him in the most delicious way, the thought of what it’d be like to have all of each other just this side of painful. Dean continues whispering encouragements until Castiel rushes over the edge, but Dean’s not quite there himself, so Castiel hastily takes the reins.
They stand there a moment, chests heaving as they stare at each other—Naomi wide-eyed and shocked, Castiel oddly…freed—and then there’s movement in Castiel’s periphery, and he glances over to see Dean in the doorway. The darkened hall leaves most of his face in shadow, and his body is frozen in place, odd for the larger than life man. How much he heard, Castiel isn’t sure, but he’s also uncertain if he cares.
I can be.”
_____________
“I’m sorry, but I can’t.”
Dean groans long and loud as Cas backs away. He hops off the counter and adjusts his pants while glaring at his friend in annoyance. “You’re a dick, you know that?”
Just like that night in the snow, Dean breaks. He rushes Cas, their lips meeting in a breathless flurry as they back into the wall. Dean wedges a thigh between Cas’s, and the angel bites down hard on his lower lip with a growl before flipping their positions.
Dean sinks into a chair and shakes his head. “I don’t know. I—I wanna be, but…” Cas’s hand covers his, and Dean’s eyes widen slightly. “I don’t know what to think.”
“—stupid.”
“Excuse me?” Bartholomew asks.
The warm floaty feeling Castiel has been feeling all day follows him off the roof and into Mary’s kitchen as he and Dean share conspiratorial smiles over steaming coffee, and perhaps it’s that feeling that has him murmuring a request into Dean’s ear on the car ride home. It’s something that’s been nagging at him recently but more so since he and Dean acted on the feelings between themselves. Luckily, Dean obliges, pulling the car to a stop on the side of the road and rolls the radio dial until he finds a crackly old folk song on a local late-night show. His hand hesitates there a moment, fingertips dangling on the old knob, and Castiel catches a flash of tongue sweeping across Dean’s lips in the dim glow of the dash right before Dean abruptly exits the vehicle and circles around to his side.
They finish up in the store and head home, the familiar drive melting away the remaining tension in Dean’s shoulders and lighting him up from the inside. When they pull up to the curb, the porch light is already on over the door, and Dean smiles softly at the unassuming gesture that really shouldn’t mean as much as it does, but then, there’s always been something special about coming home and seeing his mom, something that’s been different since his dad died and Dean was able to reveal his true self to her. She never judged him for his sexuality, not once, but he still worries occasionally if she’s just been hiding her true feelings and would one day shun him, but the porch light says otherwise.
Almost.
“Just for that, I’ll be humming it in my sleep.”
“Nah, it’s not Gabe you have to worry about,” Dean says, stretching out and putting his arm over the back of Cas’s chair. “This dude’s a genius, and he works better alone.”
, he reminds himself,
. I’ve
“But what about the employees?” Dean asks. All eyes turn to him, and he straightens. “You said most of them had been there since the beginning, right?”
Kali accepts his outstretched hand and stands while thanking Naomi for the “lovely dinner” before practically dragging her husband from the room. He all but runs behind her, and as they enter the hall there’s a resounding
“I don’t have time for games, and you know it. The document, is it real?”
“Dean.”
Kali snorts a derisive laugh and shakes her head, her dark hair swaying slightly and sticking to her mouth. Frowning, she pulls the piece away and brushes it over her shoulder. “Unbearable. I understand why you maintain as little contact as possible with your parents.”
“Jack, don’t do anything—”
“I could be of assistance if you wish. I was essential in helping Jack map out the new Heaven, so I’m as intimately familiar with the atoms of this plane as those of your body and soul. Perhaps if we just pulled over—”
Dean swallows a bit of water before twisting one of Cas’s short curls around his fingertips. Cas finds a sudden and intense interest in his food then, though his face twists with confusion, and it only serves to make Dean want to smooth those wrinkles away which should be weird, but…isn’t. And
“I was nervous!”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas replies softly. He doesn’t look away, and neither does Dean, but it isn’t uncomfortable like it would be with most people. This is Cas. If the eyes are the windows to the soul, then Dean has nothing to worry about because his friend already knows everything about him. They’ve never had secrets, not even the thing with Rhonda Hurley freshman year. It’s easy to bare himself to Cas. Safe.
“Later,” Chuck announces from the head of the table. “I wouldn’t mind hearing that story myself, but first we should say the blessing before our meal gets cold.” His expression and tone are kinder than his wife’s, but Castiel knows all too well how his temper can flare up at a moment’s notice.
It feels like the whole bar is cheering for them, and the heat from before makes its return in what he’s sure is a firetruck blush that reaches his hairline and ears, but all Dean can do is stare.
“It was…a surprise,” Cas admits finally. He laces their fingers together and smiles down at them before meeting Sam’s probing gaze. “Though it happened slowly, I think, in stages.”
Like always, Cas reads him like a book. He shakes his head and easily pulls Dean off his hips before rolling out of bed. When he stands he pulls his underwear away from his crotch with a wince, and Dean wrinkles his nose and laughs. “Clean up should be a priority next time,” Cas grumbles.
Dean starts to shake his head, hesitates, and sighs. “Just tired of the pony shows.”
“’You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.’”
“Dean?”
Castiel Novak, 12:01p.m.:
“…No.”
“If I stay in Colorado, I run the risk of running into Dean again at some point, and I don’t think I can withstand that. The same thing could happen here.”
my home.”
“Careful,” he mutters when the wood seems secure enough.
They’re still laughing when they peel onto the highway, Castiel sitting sideways on the bench seat and keeping an eye on his ever-shrinking childhood home through the back glass while Dean keeps her steady. “You think they know it was us?” Dean asks, glancing up at the rearview.
“Excuse me, sir.”
“Why?” Sam huffs a laugh, and it’s enough to make Dean glance up. “You’re an idiot.”
Cas is silent for a long time, long enough that Dean thinks he probably won’t say anything at all, but then his phone is ringing, and before Dean can react, Cas has pressed it to his ear and disappeared down the corridor, and the rock in Dean’s gut sinks a little lower.
“Where will you go?”
No! Castiel’s eyes fly open, and he wills whatever seems to be going on in his pants away. No, no, no, no, no. He won’t go there. He
“Oh yeah,” Dean deadpans. “You know I can’t keep my hands off all this.”
A deep flush spreads down to his mother’s pearls, and she opens her mouth—presumably to tell Castiel
Cas opens his mouth to reply but seems to be at a loss for words himself as his lips press together.
“I’ve been told.”
the time. It’s just all the crap that goes with it. You know, the hors d’oeuvres and crystal and champagne and God awful classical music I can handle, but the stock market discussions and greasy palms and '
“Love to watch you leave…” Dean murmurs as her hips sway into the thinning crowd. Glancing down at his watch, he sees its nearing closing time anyway, so they won’t miss out on much by going ahead and calling it a night. Turning, he grabs the twink’s shoulder before he can fully lay Cas down on the plush bench. “Whoa there, Alfie. I don’t think he agreed to all that.”
Dean’s hand lands on Castiel’s knee right about the same time Chuck sits back, fake smile plastered across his face. Naomi clears her throat and refills her glass of wine. “I can’t wait for you to see the dress Michael bought for Rachel. She’ll be the most beautiful little flower girl this town has ever seen.”
He and Cas made it through the dinner relatively unharmed, though they did somehow end up seated on the far side of the ballroom from the rest of the family, and when Cas got up to make his awkward speech, Dean gave him a thumbs up despite most of the jokes falling flat. The socialites at their table weren’t up for much small talk with the gays, he supposes, but at least he tried to turn the Winchester Charm on ‘em, and he thinks it might have worked until Michael sauntered up and began shaking hands like the politician he is.
Dean frowns and jabs the buzzer beside the intercom speaker, and soon—too soon for someone not to have been standing beside it, Castiel realizes—a tinny voice answers. “Novak residence.”
That decided, Castiel decides to take advantage of his time and grab a quick shower before Dean finishes breakfast, but as he makes his way to the hall, he’s nearly bowled over by the younger Winchester barreling through the foyer. Sam tosses a quick apology over his shoulder, but just as quickly as he rushed in, he disappears into the kitchen at the back of the house.
! Isn’t that cool? He went and married his high school sweetheart!”
As he makes his way down the hall, a muted thud to his right catches Castiel’s attention. He stops and strains his ears over the din of the party downstairs, and there, right when he’s about to disregard it as nothing, Castiel hears it again. Curiosity firmly piqued, Castiel quietly eases to the closed door at the end of the hall. The big corner bedroom used to be Michael’s—a perk of being the oldest Novak boy—and even though there are several people staying overnight in the main house, Castiel thought they were all downstairs. No one should be up here now, but then he is, so he supposes someone else may be as well. Still, even if Anna had to come up here to tend to one of the girls, why would it be making so much noise?
They’ve changed too much.
“Oh no,” Eileen murmurs. Castiel glances down and sees her shaking her head and smiling fondly at the scene. Biting her lip, she whips out her phone and begins taking a video of the guys fighting, and when Castiel arches a brow at her, she just shrugs. “Blackmail,” she explains. “I’m getting that kitchen remodel if it kills me.”
She leads him over to the same ambulance as Sam, and his little brother leans his shoulder against Dean’s as a solid reassurance while Jody rattles off something about shock.
Gabriel and Kali have mysteriously disappeared, so Dean and Cas make the trek back to the pool house alone.
Mary’s face lights up, and she dashes across the kitchen to wrap Dean up in her arms, both hands still clutching the container and a cookie. “I’m so happy for you! When did this happen? Who is it?”
After several long moments, Castiel breaks the hold and swipes angrily at his face. Damn them for holding this much power over him after so many years. Damn his inner child still yearning to meet impossible expectations. Damn them all.
He prowls through the quiet house, keenly aware of how deep into the belly of the beast he is, and all he can think about, all he can focus on, are the myriad of ways he could tear the Novaks apart. And he wants to.
“Dean Winchester? I’ve known Cas since we were kids?”
“Finally,” Dean breathes once the party winds down. His shoes are killing him after several hours on his feet, and his collar is too tight, and he can’t decide if he wants to sleep for a week and a half or peel the clothes off his pretend-husband-slash-real-boyfriend. Either way, he can’t wait to melt into the mattress with Cas. The memory of their post-prayer kiss flashes through Dean’s mind as they make their way out of the house, and he hums a little. Maybe he can convince the angel to go a little farther tonight, round another base. He does have that travel-sized bottle of lube in his bag…
Leaning his forearms on his thighs, Dean picks at the stiff plastic band on his wrist both grateful no one has been seriously injured and terrified of what it means that someone attempted to murder his family. Mary’d given the best description she had of the arsonist, but the likelihood of finding the average sized white male wearing a black hoodie and dark pants who’d targeted the Winchesters was slim to nil, and the thing is, where would Jody even start? It’s not like the Winchesters have a list of people gunning for them. They aren’t into shady crap, and they haven’t royally pissed anyone off, so why,
“I’m scared.”
“Yep. Pucker up boys.”
“Really?!”
It pisses him off.
As if this wasn’t weird enough, Mary just had to go and mention his dad, the guy who’d shouted obscenities at a gay couple in the grocery store before marching out to the car with a six year old Dean struggling to keep up. Dean swallows as the memory of his father’s lecture on the car ride home blares in his ears, and his shoulder burns from where his dad had not-so-gently yanked his arm in an effort to get them both out of the store as soon as possible. It was the first time he’d seen his dad truly
Cas’s lips twitch in amusement, and he sweeps his arm out toward the bathroom. “Lead the way.”
Hands slide around his middle, and Dean closes his eyes and leans into the warmth at his back as Cas hooks his chin over his shoulder. “What’s wrong?”
As he enters the kitchen, Mary and Ellen are cackling about something, their wine glasses tipping dangerously as they hunch over the table, and old Christmas music crackles from the turntable in the corner. “You should’ve seen it!” Mary says, wiping her eyes. “Miss Betty was running as fast as her ninety-five year old frame could go, and she kept swinging her cane at him and yelling in German, and he started screaming for help, but everyone in the checkout line just stared. I mean, she had it under control, and I wasn’t about to step in and tell her she needed to let the cops handle it.”
“That’s because he was the first to taste real rebellion, and he’s never been one to do anything halfway.”
“You’re closer!”
“That’s it!”
“What’s your name?”
, and her parents are sitting bedside praying she doesn’t suffer complications from inhaling
Dude, what the hell?”
“Yours is very fine.”
“You’d have another best friend to do it for you.”
“Well, I simply cannot wait to meet this boy,” Naomi says with zero inflection. “You’re bringing him to the wedding?”
_____________
“I understand,” Cas says, “and we won’t interfere with the work being done, but he needs to be there in case his family is transferred to the hospital.”
Dean flashes the balding man his most innocent grin and says, “Actually, I’m bi. Equal opportunity and all that.”
Castiel came across the ad by accident, hadn’t even been researching LGBTQIA+ topics, but there it was, tucked between the back pages of a porn magazine and showcasing a nude man sandwiched between a voluptuous woman sucking on his earlobe and a ripped Adonis running his hand down the subject’s happy trail whilst attempting to probe the guy’s tonsils with his tongue. The image, emblazoned across the middle with the words, “BISEXUAL? SO ARE WE,” caused Castiel’s heart to pound, and he flicked his gaze over to his bedroom door to ensure once again that the lock was turned before palming his rising erection. He’d had…questionable boners in the past, but that was largely due to the influx of hormones in his teenage body, right? Everyone got hard throughout the day for no reason at all, and the locker room, where he’d shower and have to wash his penis and balls thus inducing elevated blood flow to the area, had to be a frequent place of hidden erections, didn’t it? He couldn’t be alone in this, could he? Dean certainly tented his towels on a frequent basis, and he was straight! Surely…
Patrick cuts the cards, the toothpick between his teeth dangerously close to falling out. “Oh, I am, boy-o. You shoulda seen the look on that poor lad’s face when his lady friend came charging in. He never stood a chance.”
“What do I…?” Dean’s fists pound heavily on the door. “Have you lost your mind? Come on, angel! We gotta—"
about his brother’s situation, which, Dean isn’t surprised because if anyone did, it’d be Gabriel. The guy’s got a wealth of tricks up his sleeve.
“Does he now?” Dean raises his eyebrows at his niece and grins. “Maybe Daddy should be more careful about what he says because I’m still as flexible as I was ten years ago, and I’ve got a list of people who can testify to that.”
“See?” Cas says innocently. “Benefits.”
, Castiel aches. His palms tingle lightly, and he curls his hands into fists. “And you?”
Despite the cool March rain starting to drizzle, Castiel sank to the front steps and cradled his head in his hands, and that’s where he stayed until Dean found him some two hours later.
_____________
To Pretty Boy Angel, 10:01p.m.:
Lucifer smirks and swirls his freshly poured drink, the ice clinking against the glass. “They can’t handle seeing so many men’s lips wrapped around cigars. The temptation to kneel would be too strong.”
Dean puts a hand on the small of Castiel’s back and adds, “Took us a little longer than most to realize what we had was more than regular friendship.”
“Me?” Dean gapes at her, taken aback, before leaping off the bumper and clenching his fists at his sides. “I—we thought you were dead!”
“That’s my girl, but what’ll we do about Dumb and Dumber? They’re so sweet, even I’m starting to gag.”
His left hand becomes occupied with spearing the perfect twirl of alfredo, but his right…Dean’s right hand is slowly but steadily inching its way up his friend’s thigh, his nails scratching lightly at the inseam on the way. The move makes Cas’s eyes flash before a look of determination crosses his features, and he flicks Dean’s belt lightly before diving in.
“It’s my mom’s house,” Dean explains. “My brother and his family were staying there, too, and I gotta make sure they’re okay.”
“I’m not sure,” Castiel murmurs. He frowns as he considers it and then laughs. “Actually, I have no idea who she or half these people even are.”
“Whoa, what happened?”
harm others to get what he wants.”
“That’s why you died?” Cas’s heart shatters, and he tilts his head up at the hunter. “Dean, no—”
“Do you see what I see?” Kali murmurs, her lips brushing Gabriel’s ear.
For lack of a better plan, they make their way to Baby and climb inside, but Dean can’t actually go as far as starting her up. Cas is sitting there, tie loose around his neck and hair a mess and leaning into Dean’s side, and he’s gotta be waiting for Dean to take them away from here, from all of this, but he—he can’t.
Mary rolls her eyes and nods at the unbalanced load in her hold. “Care to help a girl out?”
“Yep. Whenever and wherever he wants, so
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh God. You weren’t, were you?”
_____________
“No,” Castiel moans, thumbing through the shots. In them, he can see himself—or his doppleganger, which is what he’ll say if these ever see the light of day—engaging in various acts of hedonism with one, two, three… “How many people did I kiss?!”
A few beats later, Dean’s dam bursts. “Cas and I broke up.” Ellen’s hand hesitates a moment, but then she hums quietly, and Dean can’t help himself. “I—I screwed up,” he tells her hoarsely. “It was my fault—all of it—and now I’ve lost him.”
Dean’s eyes flick down to his band, and he silently berates himself for forgetting. “Shit. You’re right.” He pulls it off and tucks it safely into Baby’s ashtray before Cas does the same. “There. We good?”
“Ah, yes, the homosexual. Have a seat, boys.”
“Your brother’s wedding is only a week away.”
“Right beside me.”
Castiel stifles a laugh and clears his throat. “Actually,” he calls, “I wasn’t sure if I should take my blue suit or the black.”
under my bed? For giving me the silent treatment for a
In the days following what Castiel will henceforth describe as The Kiss to End All Kisses, things get…weird.
The rest of the men have convened in the den where Chuck and Cas’s uncle, Zachariah, are smoking cigars. Right away, Chuck waves them in and turns to Zachariah. “This is Dean, the one I was telling you about.”
“I still don’t know how you managed to convince them to make an entire arch out of daffodils,” Chuck laughs.
“They all were,” Castiel corrects her.
In the bathroom, Gabriel's face softens, and his shoulders sag.
“Mm-hmm.” She pushed her dark hair back over her shoulder and revealed a nametag with PAMELA written on it in purple marker. “They’re for anal play. Would you like to see one?”
Dean fucking
Once again, Castiel is reminded of how lucky he is to have Gabriel as a brother. After his breakdown earlier, Gabriel picked him up and insisted on supplying Castiel with an extended vacation somewhere. All Castiel had to do was tie things up at home first.
“But?” Castiel prompts.
Dean just shrugs and crawls the rest of the way out of the passenger side until he can stand up straight again. “Mrs. Novak?”
The door swings open, and what little comfort Castiel drew from his friend goes out the window. Naomi stares at him, the little creases at the corners of her eyes and mouth are deeper, grey streaks her hair, but her eyes are just as cold as he remembers, her disapproval pinning him in place.
“When we have more time,” Cas promises in a breath, “but I want to do it the right way.”
“Jesus.” Dean sits back and flips through the later memories he has of his dad. John had always been harder on him than Sammy, so was that why? Because he knew he was bi? “He hated me for it.”
Dean chokes his friend’s name, and every head in the room turns to stare at the man vigorously towel-drying his hair in the doorway. Slinging the towel around his shoulders, Cas cuts through the room until he and Dean are standing side by side, his bare chest pressing a damp spot onto the sleeve of Dean’s tee, and, oh. Cas guides him forward a step before flicking off the burner with a practiced twist of his wrist.
They’ll kill him. They’ll actually fucking kill him.
“None at all?” Michael asks. He tips his cards up and tosses a few chips into the middle of the table. “I bid eighty.”
Castiel sits up, squinting groggily into the dim room. He could have sworn… Footsteps pound across the second story above his head, and his throat constricts.
But he’s gone, and Cas is left to once more ponder the myriad of reactions Dean could have to Cas’s declaration and subsequent death.
“Dean graciously offered to attend Gabriel’s wedding with me,” Cas says. He smiles warmly and it definitely shouldn’t make Dean’s stomach flip, but it does. “He saved me from having to deal with my family alone.”
Cas turns halfway. It’s just enough that Dean can make out the slope of his nose and the shape of his mouth in the moonlight, and it feels like ages before Cas’s eyes find his.
harm others to get what he wants. He’s everything a person should be, and
Dean’s eyes widen, and he has to clear his throat before he can reply. “Ye-yeah. Yes, ma’am. We’re, uh, we’re good.”
“Dude, yes. Just think of all the free stuff they might send you!”
Dean’s fingers slide under his jaw and wrap around the side of his neck, and he ducks down, studying Castiel’s features carefully. “Okay.”
As soon as Gabe opens the door, he’s assaulted with a neon colored boa, and the men all cheer as the women at the door use it to pull Gabe over to a chair. He’s groaning but smiling, shaking his head and trying to play off his blush as a result of the alcohol in his system, but Patrick won’t hear of it.
Dean thinks with a twist to his mouth. Cas moves in his periphery, closing his laptop with a snap before stowing it in his bag, and Dean looks over his reflection’s shoulder to see Cas hovering uncertainly in the doorway, his collar still undone and royal blue tie gripped loosely in his fist. Dude’s been squirrelly as hell since their midnight rendezvous on Baby’s hood, not in a bad way, just…different. He can’t put his finger on what exactly changed there. Maybe he took it too far, maybe Dean really had fucked things up on the roof, or maybe it’s something Dean’s not even aware of doing and Cas is just being polite until they get home and will end things there.
“No?” Dean spins and advances on his friend. “Then how about you enlighten me, huh? Since you know everything, Cas, how about you tell me how I fucking feel!”
Cas shuts the door to the pool house behind them, and with his head still firmly in the gutter, Dean can’t help but tilt his head and admire the line of his shoulders and the shape of his ass in the well-fitting suit. Cas catches him in the act and crooks a smile but stays silent and just stares.
“I’m always right,” Gabriel shoots back, updating Cas’s contact picture to that of the two Winchesters suited up in Vegas. He should probably change Cas’s last name, now, too, and Dean’s name to, well, his
Cas pulls back, and, curious, Dean peers at him through half-lidded eyes. “What do you want, Dean?”
Castiel smirks and shakes his head, eyes still on the butler. “Any ideas?”
“But Dean—”
“Honestly?”
“Oh, are they still being difficult?”
“Here.” Dean digs out his wallet, turning his shoulders away from the crowd lest the wrong person catch him in the act. Folding a couple of hundreds inside a twenty, he hands the cash over and waves the kid off before he gets a good look at how much Dean paid him.
“Modern feminism for one, and you for two.”
who attempted to take her life tonight!” His voice rises with every word, and somehow Castiel ends up on his feet, standing over his mother. Her eyes waver for just a moment, a small crack in her otherwise impenetrable armor, and Castiel’s nostrils flare as he comes back to himself. Retaking his seat, he glares at her. “But Katie’s a Winchester, and that means not even fire can take her down.”
Dean turns, easier to spit it out if he’s not distracted by that Godforsaken look on the angel’s face. Running a hand through his hair, Dean squeezes his eyes shut and forces his voice to become detached, cold. “It was never meant to. We just, we got caught up in the lie. That’s all.”
He doesn’t need much, mainly just his clothes and toiletries, a few books to keep him busy on his vacation—he’s suddenly grateful he brought the copy of Paradise Lost back from their clubhouse by the creek and remembered to pop it into his bag—and his tea blends. He takes his mug with the bee on it (a gift from Dean) and leaves the lemon juicer Dean called unnecessary but used often. His fingers skim over the custom rolling pin he bought for Dean’s twenty-seventh birthday, dark and shining on the counter by the flour canister, and he almost leaves a note explaining why he took off without saying goodbye, but then he remembers the hard lines on Dean’s face, and he decides leaving quietly now and letting Gabriel handle his furniture and such is better (okay, not better, definitely cowardly, but sue him).
“Shit. That’s awful.”
“I’m not supposed to let anyone through,” the cop hedges.
“Ass.”
“I know.”
“I thought you might say that.” Castiel’s eyes widened, and he stared at her open-mouthed for a moment before she smiled softly and rolled her eyes. “Look, kid, if you’re looking to do research, an adult bookstore isn’t the best way to go about it, but I tell you what, you be honest with me, and I’ll give you as much information as I can, okay?”
Instantly the guy’s expression goes slack, and he flicks wide eyes over to Cas before swallowing. “Oh.”
“Oh, yes, of course.”
is too important, and he’s gotta tell him. He can’t believe he left Cas at his fucking parents’ of all places after a blowout like that. Even if Cas doesn’t feel the same way, they were best friends, and losing a relationship like that is hard enough, but if he does feel the same about Dean, then he’s gotta be in a rough headspace, and Dean has to fix it.
Castiel swallows and raises his chin. He’s feared this moment for years, and now it’s here. “I’ve worked hard to get where I am.”
“No! No, dude, I—” Dean throws his leg over Cas’s waist and straddles his lap—and woo buddy, is that a lot of morning wood for one man to carry around—before pinning his shoulders in place. “Last night was great, Cas. Really. I just didn’t think it’d actually happened. Too good to be true, and all that.”
Curiosity firmly stoked, Sam made his way methodically through the bunker checking first the bathroom and then the dungeon before heading for the library. Dean wouldn’t admit it, but he was as much of a reader as Sam, and more than once he’d caught the older Winchester nose deep in a thick tome in the wee hours of the morning, especially if Cas was around to join him. Luckily, the angel hadn’t left town since the pandemic really broke loose in Kansas, so maybe if Sam found Cas, Dean wouldn’t be far behind.
, and I’ve always acted like the kisses didn’t bother me, but they were different from when other people kissed me, and—”
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut against the tears he can feel fighting for air and buries his face in Dean’s neck, and he should be embarrassed about breaking down in front of all these people, ashamed even, but as Dean tightens his hold, hands digging into the bare skin of Castiel’s back, he feels none of that. There’s only the gripping anxiety of facing his ultra-conservative family and their pretentious friends and knowing they all see him as a horrible failure, an outlier, undeniably and disgustingly
Rolling his lips together, Dean blows a short breath through his nose and loathes himself for being the one to make Cas’s voice break. He’s gotta push it harder though. Cas won’t let him go if he doesn’t.
Dean come here?
“Speak for yourself,” Kali interjects. The way she eyeballs her husband speaks volumes about their bedroom dynamic, and, true to form, Gabe waggles his brows suggestively before leaning in and whispering something in her ear. Whatever it is, Kali laughs and shrinks away as Gabe tries to kiss her neck. All at once, the usually stern woman is reduced to a giggling frenzy.
“They’ll be here early Saturday to set up,” the woman replies slowly. She frowns slightly and casts a furtive glance over at Gabriel, but he just rolls his eyes. That must mean something to her though, because the confusion melts from her face, and her features settle into an unimpressed mask of disdain.
Dean’s expression blanks, and he swallows hard before recovering. “Not cool,” he mutters, turning on his heel.
“I wish I had.”
“Shit!” Dean hisses, whirling around to check out the—fuck. Looks like his mom’s getting a new pan for Christmas because no way in hell is that coming off. “I forgot!”
“I’m good, man.”
Naomi’s hateful glare follows Dean as Cas pulls him down the front steps, and he knows what he has to do.
“And?”
Of fucking course.
Dean shrugs, still grinning. “I got no idea. I tried to get pictures of all of ‘em, but you know how that goes. I mean, one second you’re getting a lap dance, and the next you’re climbing on the bar and giving the dancers a run for their money.”
“Hey.”
on top.”
“I mean, I kinda deserved it, dude.” Dean’s thumb drags across Castiel’s lower lip, and he sighs. “I never should have left you there. I’m so sorry, Cas.”
“Of course, it is!” Dean stabs his noodles with his chopsticks and waves a hand at the screen. “They’re at a fucking Christmas party when everything goes down!”
“Hey, it’s still as catchy as it was when we were four.”
Cas hums thoughtfully but otherwise doesn’t comment, so Dean drops it. Cas will discuss it more when he’s ready, and while Dean’s not usually one to talk about his feelings and crap, he knows Cas is, and if it’ll help his friend feel better, well, who’s he to deny the guy that?
is or could be if that’s what Dean is pushing for here—to be different, so he presses one last lingering kiss to Dean’s mouth and stops.
Sam eyeballs him then, and it’s in that subtle narrowing of his eyes that makes Dean feel like a bug under a microscope all of a sudden. “He’s good for you, Dean. Tonight…it’s made me realize a few things, and I want you to know that I fully support you both.”
Immediately, Dean’s hands are on him, fingers wrapping tightly around his biceps and steadying him. Somehow, though Castiel can’t fathom as to where, he finds the strength to look up, and Dean is right there, his familiar features doing wonders to calm Castiel’s racing heart. “We’ll figure it out, okay? We will.”
“Definitely not.”
“Sleep well?” Castiel asks, barely suppressing the urge to smile at Dean’s appearance.
“Uncle Dee!”
“Thirty years, Dean.”
Castiel’s relationship with faith has never been simple. As a child he questioned more things than not, and eventually he learned he was better off keeping his mouth shut lest his parents give him disapproving looks, and when he became a teen and learned how to research his own answers, his faith continued to wane. How, he wondered, in a church that supposedly follows the teachings of someone who instructed His disciples to love others first, could that same church openly mock and hate others?
The inside of the store is immaculate, all crystal chandeliers and glossy marble, and Dean automatically rubs the fingers of his free hand together, feeling the greasy residue of the last car he’d worked on slide between the pads of his thumb and forefinger. He really should have washed up before picking Cas up at home, but he’d gotten distracted when a customer rolled into the lot right as he was closing up for the day, and the woman looked so harried juggling a smoking engine and three small children that he just didn’t have the heart to turn her away, especially when he’d be closed for the next few weeks. The woman at the counter gives them both a once over, and he can tell she’s already writing them off as a waste of time when her thin lips settle into a line.
“What?” Dean snapped, not looking up from the batter as he angrily worked a spatula through it.
Mary hums thoughtfully and rolls her lips before snapping her fingers. “Actually, I have just the thing. Ellen, can you watch the food for a minute?”
“I’m sorry?”
Saturday dawns way too early for Castiel’s liking, especially after the run in with his uncle the night before, but as he stares over at Dean, fast asleep and practically drooling on the soft feather pillow, he’s grateful he didn’t have to endure that alone. Dean has taken every familial interaction in stride with a grace Castiel can’t help but aspire to someday possess.
“I—” Castiel swallows and refuses to meet Dean’s eyes as heat floods his cheeks. They’d already discussed sharing a bed—easier to convince the family they’re in love if someone comes snooping—but they didn’t discuss Castiel sleeping in his underwear, and, well, he’s not sure he can handle that. “I forgot pajamas,” he finally admits in a small voice.
“I like him,” Sam says resolutely, as if he hasn’t known Cas basically his whole life. Dean just kind of gapes at the giant beside him, wondering where all this is coming from.
“What was that for?” Dean asks.
get.”
Naomi purses her lips, steel eyes damning in the silence before her voice whips out to strike him. “How are they?”
“Have we ever been that sappy, sweetheart?” Gabe asks, projecting his overly sweet voice so anyone within a five mile radius could hear him.
“Why did I ever agree to do this with you?” Cas asks after they’ve wound the lights into neat coils and hauled them onto the roof by way of the trellis out back. The dude is bundled in a sweatshirt under his trench coat, a thick blue scarf is wound around his throat and covering his chin, and he’s got a beanie pulled low on his head. And he’s still shivering.
“I asked him out.”
She melts back into the crowd, leaving Dean baffled by her offhand remark. Now that he thinks about it, no one they’ve had to pretend in front of seemed surprised that
Dean snaps his fingers and nods. “Right! Yes. Don’t let me forget to grab a bag when we hit the Gas n’ Sip.”
“You’ll have to find another route,” the officer says without preamble. No telling who all he’s had to turn away so far.
Dean sees the comment for the subject change it is and shrugs. “Hope so. Why’d we agree to this again?”
“Your mother?” Cas says, arching an eyebrow. “I can’t imagine she gets many unplanned visitors with you and Sam both living out of state.”
_____________
Cas opens his mouth to say something, but whatever it is gets stuck in his throat, and he quickly glances away. “I wonder if they’re ready yet,” he mumbles before swallowing.
“Dude, you are so dead.”
Cas’s breath stutters as he turns into Dean, and something warm and wet drips down his neck, and it feels like someone is ripping into Dean’s chest and pulling his heart out piece by piece. He presses a kiss to Cas’s mop of unruly hair and tightens the embrace until Cas snakes a hand between his suit and shirt and grips him tight.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs against the other man’s lips. Dean just hums and slips his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, and while Castiel wants nothing more than to spend the rest of the month in bed with him, the phone is ringing yet again, so it’s probably important. “
Dean’s eyes pop open in disbelief, and he slowly raises his head to stare at the face of the man he’s currently using as his own personal space heater. “Son of a bitch,” he mutters, eyes tracing the lines of Cas’s face as he smiles. The crinkles etched into his skin are making Dean’s heart tap dance, and he squeezes the other man’s middle to ground himself. “I thought I dreamed it.”
One second Castiel is watching the snow fall, and the next he’s experiencing something he didn’t even know he wanted.
Dean snickers, cracking another beer before passing it over. “We’ll see,” is all he says as they cheers, but Castiel shakes his head and regrets it immediately when pain spikes through his temples.
“Don’t touch me!”
She points out one of the fresher pieces of duct tape on the side of a box, and Castiel can’t help but grin at her ingenuity. “Mary, have I mentioned lately that I love you?”
“Maybe I should write Rubbermaid a thank you note?” Cas asks, popping the lid on the container.
Raising her own glass, Jo smiles broadly and gestures above their heads. “Because, you have to kiss under the mistletoe.”
But Kali doesn’t back down from anyone, so whenever Chuck tries to engage her in conversation, Kali pushes back with a thinly veiled insult that has him snapping his mouth shut. Her strong personality has led to more than a few arguments between Gabriel and his parents since the engagement, but to see Naomi now, you’d think Kali was her own blood, and Castiel knows,
Castiel’s been around. He enjoys sex and how it allows him to express his deep, deep appreciation for the art that is the human body. Every person is different, has varying pleasure points and turn ons, and Castiel draws immense pleasure from unraveling the puzzle with his mouth and hands, so much so that more than once he’s come untouched simply from successfully pushing his partner over the brink. As such, he’s good at reading others, and the way Dean was leaning in back there on the dance floor, Castiel could swear he was going to close his eyes and brush his lips gently against Castiel’s own. Maybe they’d catch on his lower lip and Dean would bite it gently before soothing the mark with his tongue while the long line of his body pressed—
Castiel dropped his head and whispered, “…Yes.”
“Sorry,” she says, backing away, and
“She’s still in there!” Dean screams. A loud
Later, Dean will Google the term “ethereal” and wonder why there isn’t a picture of Cas at the top of the search results, but for now he’s going to pull his friend closer and bask in the warmth of his body.
Cas’s lips curl, and he raises the stakes yet again. “Too rich for me,” Dean announces. “I’m gonna get food. Anyone want anything?”
The house is positively packed, as if every conservative politician and CEO in the Midwest had descended upon the Novak house for the holiday, but amazingly Castiel and Dean still manage to stand out. Most of the women appear mildly shocked before staring past the couple as if they don’t exist at all, but the men openly glare and hold their wives a bit tighter. Of course, there are exceptions. Kali and Dean share grins across the room, Gabriel flashing Castiel a double thumbs up at her side, and a tall blonde in a velvet trimmed slip of a dress actually appraises them like meat as Lucifer twirls her past.
Dean shivers and sits down, his entire right side, shoulder to knee, pressing against Cas. “Yeah. He, uh, he tried to hit on me at the bar. Kinda tipped me off, you know?”
” Katie says, eyes wide.
“How’s Eileen holding up?”
“What are you going to do?”
_____________
Armed with a mental list of basics his family might need in the coming weeks, Dean attacks the local Walmart and chokes down the drowning sensation in his chest. Cas has been twitchier than a snitch ever since they left the hospital, constantly checking his phone and never saying more than a few words at a time, and Dean
Soooo, thoughts? Comments? Constructive criticism?
“Isn’t this a little…creepy?” Eileen asks. “What normal adults hang out on playgrounds at night?”
“Sounds like that was more of an order than a thoughtful gesture.”
“Oh? What the he—”
Passing a plate of bacon to Eileen, he watches the way she and Sam work in sync without so much as uttering a syllable related to the task at hand. After serving herself, Eileen passes the dish to Sam while she retrieves Katie’s plate and fishes out a serving, then they switch, and Sam pulls a couple of strips onto his own plate while Eileen holds the bacon. The move is so thoughtless, so smooth it’s surely been orchestrated prior to their gathering, and yet they perform it well without ever disrupting the flow of conversation. It’s interesting, and Castiel finds himself reflecting on his childhood, but he can’t remember a single moment where his parents ever did anything similar, but then, they rarely ever showed affection to begin with, and he’s always wondered if there was ever any love between them or if their marriage was based on convenience and nothing more.
“—and he would never,
“Fold,” Balthazar sighs. He takes a long sip of his white wine and folds his hands across his middle. “I’ve been there a few times, though usually it’s the husband chasing me away at gunpoint…or swordpoint. What’s that called again?”
like more than he’s ever gotten out of a kiss with anyone else.
“For fuck’s sake.”
And when he first realized he wasn’t straight, that he was
She fiddles with the buttons on Dean’s shirt, eyes downcast as she continues making her case. “Well, maybe they could come here, and we could all play together. They can play with my dolls but not my kitchen set because they might mess it up.”
“How can I show my face now, Dean? It was going to be bad enough knowing all the things they’ve said about me over the years, but this…” He shrugs helplessly, and Dean folds him into a hug.
“Oh? I go to hide Eileen’s present in the Impala and find a couple of wedding bands, and all you have to say is, ‘oh?’” Sam huffs while Dean fingers Cas’s ring, scrambling to come up with a suitable explanation.
“And Katie?”
“Dean, why are you naked?”
Castiel’s lips curl, and he shakes his head fondly before following in his friend’s wake.
It’s like a bucket of cold water down his spine.
“Not at all.” Cas slides across the bench seat and twines their fingers together, his ring flashing slightly in the dashboard glow. Something warm slips between his ribs and settles in the space behind his heart as Dean’s thumb traces idly along the swirling inscriptions. All those millennia, and he can’t think of a single moment that has held more significance than any of the hundreds he’s spent with the human beside him.
As Mary wraps her arms around Dean’s neck, he splutters indignantly while Eileen begins explaining all the options they have (surrogacy, adoption, and fostering—oh my!), and soon she and Sam are deep in conversation, detailing everything down to renovating the spare bedroom at Dean and Cas’s house into a nursery.
“Oh, Dick and I were upstairs discussing a deal that may prove lucrative for the both of us.”
Sam lets loose a large, booming laugh, and then Dean’s tossing a wadded up paper towel at his face. It’s the first shot in what results to nothing short of a scuffle as Sam retaliates with some bacon—which Dean takes an obscene amount of offense to—and is chased around the dining room and into the hall by his older brother while Eileen attempts to keep Katie in her seat when all the little girl wants is to jump headfirst into the fray.
Throwing out a hand, Castiel fumbles for his phone and squints at the screen. “Gabriel?” he mutters. “’Lo?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then where the hell were you?!”
“If you ever come near me again, I’ll bring the whole thing down,” Dean says. “Can’t imagine your wife would be too happy to find out her husband’s a cheating pile of shit. And your parents, man, they’d be pissed. Probably write you out of their will like they did Cas if they find out you’re into guys.” Michael opens his mouth, but Dean just scowls and shoves away. “Fucking piece of shit.”
Jo’s curse brings Dean back from the brink of too far, and he breaks away from Cas with a breathless gasp. Cas seems just as off kilter, still leaning forward even as Dean blinks at him, but then he seemingly gets a hold on himself, too, because he jerks upright before he can fall further into Dean’s lap.
“Just now?” Castiel reiterates. “Discussing ‘business?’”
Michael runs a hand over his dark hair, his oily smile making Castiel’s stomach flip. “Yes. Our meetings are always a bit of a wild ride, but it’s worth it for the end result.”
He’s just rounded the corner when he’s grabbed and roughly shoved into the half bath in the hall. The door swings shut and plunges the room into darkness, but Dean’s not alone. He can hear and feel someone moving around the limited space, but they aren’t attacking, so he backs up until his butt hits the sink and breathes quietly through his mouth.
“Jesus.” A flush washes Dean’s face in a deep pink, and he blinks down at their hands. “You really know how to put a guy on the spot, you know that?”
Castiel snorts and shakes his head. “Ah, yes. Amazing how sexuality can so drastically rearrange the ‘Black Sheep’ rankings, isn’t it?”
Kali leans over and snorts, shaking her head as she goes back to her crossword. “You were right.”
. Kali, too, seems smitten by the man standing before her, her mouth dropping open and eyes widening in surprise, but where Gabriel is all rapturous awe, she’s quicker to compose herself and gently takes his hands when she reaches him.
Dean just shrugs and downs his whiskey before encouraging Castiel to do the same, and Castiel winces at the burn until Dean leans in and whispers, “Today it does.”
It’s barely a sigh, a raspy breath in the space between them, but there’s a lilt to his voice that conveys everything Castiel is seeing reflected in Dean’s eyes.
“I’ll drink to that.”
And the idiot was too dumb to follow through.
_____________
“Of course he did! He saw the way you two idiots were lookin’ at each other.”
Dean purses his lips, glaring in mock offense at his friend. “You know what?” he says finally. He abandons the display of cream cheese and crosses the dairy aisle until he’s chest to chest with Cas. “You wanna poke fun? Fine. But let’s see how you like it when you’re the one being attacked.”
“Jesus,” Dean squeaks as the man stares up at him through his lashes. There’s a predatory sort of gleam there that makes Dean want to bend over and beg, and while he’s been known to get into some kinky shit, Dean Winchester does not beg.
_____________
“Castiel Novak. I’m here with my husband.” Dean shoots him a thumbs up as the lie trips off his tongue, and Castiel rolls his eyes.
“With my life, Cas. You know that.”
A grey head of hair bobs up to him as he breaks through the crowd, but he doesn’t spare a second thought to who it could be, just shoves them to the side and takes off at a sprint.
“Cas!”
“On your worst, you’re still a better man than most, and I’ll take you on those days, too.”
Cas just shrugs and pats his arm as if to say,
“Would you enjoy that, Dean?”
“We’ve only been here sixteen hours.”
“Alright,” Jody says. “And for the love of God, would someone call Ellen before she shows up? The last thing I need is her breaking down the door to the station because she can’t get in touch with anyone.”
Dean hums, taking a seat across from his friend. Bartholomew had been the Novaks’ butler since before Cas’s oldest brother, Michael, had been born, and he’d doted on all the boys but especially the youngest. But that’d been before. “What’d he say?” Dean asks quietly.
“We’ll lie,” Dean says. “We’ll tell them he got sick, or—”
Dean yawns and smiles sleepily. “Night, Cas.”
“You didn’t come see me last night,” she says.
Castiel smirks and readjusts his hold. “Vegas?”
Cas has grown quiet, and when Dean looks over, he’s staring at the ground as they walk, so Dean reaches out and pulls Cas’s hand into his, threading their fingers together and running his thumb lightly over Cas’s index. It earns him a small smile in thanks, and that pesky warmth is back in Dean’s chest again.
He brushes past his friend, but Dean’s hot on his heels, and Castiel is glad that, despite whatever is going on between them, he can always count on Dean to have his back. Together, they box Michael in at the foot of the staircase, and Michael’s eyes widen in alarm before his carefully constructed mask is back in place.
“Yup,” Dean says. He begins ticking off the items on his fingers as he lists them aloud. “Bread, mayo, mustard, a pound and a half of honey ham, your weird ass trail mix, my M&Ms, chips, a case of cold drinks and half a case of bottled, high quality H2O.” He raps his knuckles lightly on Baby’s roof. “We missing anything?”
When the elevator coasts to a stop, the change topples Cas, pushing both men into the corner, and Dean has to blink and flatten his hand against his stomach to keep from losing the remnants of the pie bar he’d visited in the casino. “Whoa, I think I had a little much myself.”
¬¬¬_____________
“C’mon,” Dean groans as the car rocks steadily on her frame.
“But I wanted to see you!”
Thoughts? Comments? Constructive criticism? Let me know! I'm really enjoying writing this story, and every hit, kudos, and comment is fuel for this writer's soul.
They see the glow three blocks away.
The younger Winchester all but melted right there, but then—
It hurts. Likely, it always will, but as Castiel drifts off, all he can think is that it was worth it.
“Dude, not the air quotes,” Dean groans quietly.
and some chicken lo mein, Cas finally relaxes, his socked feet coming up to rest beside Dean’s on the edge of the coffee table as he tries (and fails) to explain to Dean that no, despite the snow, this isn’t a Christmas movie.
“I will, thank you.” And he means it. Already, Castiel’s mind is working through various scenes and scenarios his characters could play out if he allows them to continue on this path. He hasn’t given them much thought lately, using the Vegas trip as a break that’d hopefully spur new inspiration, but then the whole thing with his mother happened, and, well, at this point, Castiel isn’t even sure if he remembered to pack his laptop, so if he does manage to get a few notes actually written before New Year’s, they’ll have to be on his phone.
“And you?”
“You’re an idiot,” he rumbles, shaking his head.
“Dunno.” Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head before looking back down at their initials, still side by side after all this time, and more quietly than the first time, he murmurs, “I dunno.”
Dean takes his hand and begins swaying along with the music as velvet and sequined skirts brush their shoes. “Who says old dogs can’t learn new tricks, huh?”
Cas shrugs and opens his palms in Dean’s direction, so Dean raises a couple of fingers and grins. “Two slices of your best pie, please.”
He closes his eyes and rests in the way Cas’s voice caresses his name and waits for what comes next because with Cas, despite his ability to fit an entire book’s worth of meaning into the single syllable of Dean’s name, there’s always more.
“Yeah, well, it’s your house!”
“Dean—”
Cas breathes a low laugh as their old clubhouse comes into view. Well, “clubhouse” is probably a generous term, but the wooden pallets and plywood they halfway nailed together was their own way of carving out a place in the world long before they could even drive. “They are…a lot.”
And then, watching Cas interact with his family, fitting in seamlessly as he has always done despite now being referred to as Dean’s
“Okay. SO, you and Mom finally bit the big one, then what happened?”
“No! You’re gonna show this bacon the respect…it…deserves!”
“Yes, he wants to offer the assistance of the church, should you need it. We’re all in shock after what happened, and if nothing else, Castiel, perhaps a talk with Father Joshua will do you some good. We’ve all spoken with him, and it’s done wonders for us. Please,” she stops Cas with a hand on his arm and stares up at him pleadingly, by all accounts the perfect mother, but if the look on Cas’s face is anything to go by, Dean knows exactly what’s on his mind.
Taking a step forward, Sam squares his shoulders and lifts his chin. “We’ve got something brewing for tomorrow night, so I’ll let you know if anything happens there. Make sure you keep an eye on them and do the same, okay?” Gabriel nods his assent, and Sam is just about to turn away when a thought occurs to him. “By the way, why didn’t you tell me they kissed over the phone? What was the point?”
is looking for you,” Castiel growls.
“I’m well, thank you.” Both women smile at him, but they’re waiting expectantly, so Castiel rubs his hands together. “I came to see if I may be of assistance. If you’ll have me, of course.”
“I would,” Cas growls, “but not before I took you apart slowly, gradually, and worshipped you the way you deserve.”
“Like, on a date?” Sam says.
“Apparently us,” Sam laughs. Eileen shakes her head, and her hair falls over her face, but he can still see the smile concealed behind the brunette curtain. All these years together, and he still can’t believe that
“Don’t you dare,” Mary warns as Castiel finds the discarded slice on the hardwood floor. He locks eyes with the woman for a split second, torn between helping his friend and the maternal fear Mary Winchester can strike in all her boys with a single look.
“So, does it fit, or…?”
“Cas!”
“Eh, wasn’t our crowd anyway.” He fiddles one-handed with his tie until it’s free and then balances the wheel with his knees while attempting to get the button on his shirt. “Hey, do you think you can…?”
Gabriel pulls them both to the table before taking his seat and stretching his arm over the back of Kali’s chair. “You’ve gotta tell me all about it. How did you go from roommates to this?”
Dean makes a choking sound—which was definitely the wrong move based on how big Gabriel’s grinning at him, the bastard—but Cas saves him. “
” Castiel laughs. “Answer your phone.”
“What the fuck just happened?” he whispers, threading his fingers through his hair.
After whatever the hell happened between Cas and Michael back there, Cas took off, heading straight through a side door into the cold air and breaking into a sprint once he reached the edge of the perfectly manicured yard. Dean chased him out, falling behind bit by bit as he cursed his dress shoes for not providing him with a smidge more traction so he could at least keep his best friend in his sightline.
Placing his hand on the small of Dean’s back, Cas clears his throat and addresses the others. “Dean and I were married during our trip to Vegas last weekend. Dean never wanted to exclude any of you, but after I expressed concern over my family not supporting a normal wedding, he suggested we make it just the two of us so it’d be fair, and we decided to make a surprise out of it for all of you, but especially for you, Mary. We knew an announcement such as this should be made in person, and we’d planned a much larger reveal, but it seems that ship has sailed.”
“I’m going to Hell,” Castiel whispered.
“Lucky for you,” Jo says, plopping her tray onto the table and making the drinks on it slosh over the edges of their glasses, “I’ve got the perfect remedy.”
Lucifer frowns but adds his own chips. “Call.”
Sighing, Castiel stares at the bottom floor of the house and tries not to think about how this will be the last time he sees it. His bags are all lined up behind the couch, and he sinks onto the leather cushions with a groan. Exhausted doesn’t quite touch his current state, but he’s intent on pushing on just a little while longer, so he tries to keep his eyes open by flipping through the photos on his phone. When he comes to one snapped during their last trip to Vegas, he pauses and really stares at it. He, of course, is completely wasted in the photo and is peering up at Dean from under the man’s chin. Dean grins back at him, a swipe of neon paint on his cheek that matches that on Castiel’s fingers where they’re curled in Dean’s shirt.
Castiel shakes his head and pulls back, his voice rougher than usual. “No. They’ll know, or they’ll want to see pictures, and I have none. She won’t be satisfied until she sees a living, breathing man beside me, and even then…” He laughs, but the sound falls flat between them, and he shrugs again. “I fucked up.”
Growling, Dean swings the door open before rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand and making his way around back. The service entrance is locked, but Dean learned how to pick this one a long time ago and makes quick work of getting inside, but he only has a moment to appreciate the slightly stale smell of the bar before the unmistakable sound of a shotgun racking a shell into place sounds from behind him.
“You know we don’t do that here!” Ellen Harvelle, in all her glory, appears out of thin air and wraps him in a warm hug.
Now, doubling over and heaving deep, clouding breaths in and out, Dean squints into the darkness, scouring the trees in front of him until he sees his friend balled up at the base of one. “Dude,” he gasps, approaching Cas at a walk, “what the hell?”
Damn it all to hell.
I think they figured it out.”
“Everything okay, angel?”
“Oh, good,” Naomi says brightly. She chuckles, and the sound of it is so
“I hear that.”
“Dude, you’ve met Naomi. She’s awful! She called Cas when we were down in Vegas a while back and was going on and on with her usual crap, but he was drunk, and he said something about being married to shut her up, so once word got out, I offered to be his fake husband or whatever. Then we got here, and it was so easy, Sam, like nothing had to change between us to keep up the act except the occasional kiss, and even that wasn’t too far off because when Cas drinks tequila he gets
how he wants it to get a little deeper, chasing this yearning, this taste, this essence he’s yet to fully experience. Teeth clash as Dean attempts to reassert his dominance, but Castiel doesn’t give in easily. Just like at dinner earlier, when he’d had zero intention of taking things all the way, he coaxes Dean into submission and grins when the other man finally lets go because this, Castiel is good at.
It does the trick, as Cas huffs a laugh down at the floor and pulls Dean to his chest. His arms wind around Dean’s middle, and it’s warm there, wrapped up in the man, and Dean can’t help but wonder why he’s never tried this. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
“You sure about that?” the brunette asks. Casting a look at the men becoming more entangled by the second on the other side of the booth, she quirks a brow and rests her hands on her hips. The move pushes her ample chest forward, and Dean bites the inside of his lip. “He seems to be doing just fine on his own.”
He automatically freezes and wets his lips before speaking. “Just me, Ellen.”
“Yes! Whoo!” Dean jumps up and attacks Castiel with another wet, smacking kiss, and they’re so caught up in their excitement that they almost miss Dean’s ringtone blaring.
“I’m not sure,” he muttered almost petulantly while kicking at a loose thread in the carpet.
Despite his own occasional bouts of self-loathing, Dean’s never been one to let others look down on him. If asked, Dean’d probably spout an answer about not liking bullies, the same line he’s used since fifth grade when he stopped Gordon Walker and three of his wanna-be goonies from jumping Mark Reynolds after school—it earned him a split lip and bloody nose by the time Castiel returned from getting Mark and Sam to safety—but Castiel knows it’s because Dean loathes prejudice against or from anyone. His dad was a Grade A dick about certain things (read, anyone in or associated with the LGBTQIA community), and Castiel suspects that’s why Dean tried so hard to earn his father’s approval before his death, but that’s a whole other issue.
“Okay.”
“What flavor?”
Castiel stands and clasps his hands in front of himself while ducking his head to hide his smile. “I’m leaving you for your mother.”
_____________
Dean threads their fingers together on the pillow and shakes his head. “I can’t lose you, angel.”
“Suit yourself.”
Dean spares a moment to brush a wayward curl off of Cas’s forehead, and then he rises into a back-popping stretch, thinking that maybe he’ll use one of those frou-frou scented hotel soaps to work up a good bubble bath once he gets all this damned paint off himself.
on the other hand, is not.”
And there it is. That…humanizing of God is what Castiel always loved about Father Joshua. Growing up, his parents always referred to God as this huge, untouchable being, but Father Joshua spoke of Him like they were close, friends even, and it made Castiel feel like maybe salvation wasn’t so difficult to obtain. As an adolescent, it gave him hope, but then he realized his sexuality, and that hope wavered.
Dean studies him, noting the way his body sags from exhaustion and stress. “How ya doin’, man?”
“How is he?”
“I don’t have to listen to you, and I have nothing to say to you. You made your opinion of me exceedingly clear the last time we spoke, and I’d rather not hear it again. So, if you’ll excuse me.” He moves to grab his bags—he doesn’t have a clue where he could go at this hour while awaiting Gabriel’s instructions or how to transport so much stuff without a vehicle, but he’s a smart man, so he’ll figure it out—but Dean grabs him before he can. Castiel’s eyes narrow on the circle of fingers around his wrist, not restraining, just…holding, caressing, and his shield cracks.
Castiel nods, glad Dean understands where he’s coming from, and pushes open the door. Inside, they’re welcomed by big windows and chilly tile—not a bad combination for the summer, but with snow on the ground it keeps the temperature practically arctic. While Dean drops his duffle on the small breakfast table in the kitchen, Castiel hurries to the thermostat down the hall and turns the heat up to a decent level, breathing a sigh of relief when the heater kicks on and begins blowing in earnest.
Cupping Castiel’s face in his big hands, Dean stared at him long and hard before pulling him up the mattress and holding him against his chest. After a few minutes of just lying there, the only light coming from the bathroom across the hall, Dean sighed and ran his hands through Castiel’s still-damp mop of hair. “You know that’s crap, right? I don’t know much about God or faith or whatever, but nobody in their right mind would punish you for who you are. You’re a good man, Cas, the best one I know, and I need you to hear me when I say that nothing, and I mean
Of course, that peace shatters into a thousand tiny pieces moments later as his phone buzzes to life after he disconnects it from the power bank he brought with them. As he swipes the various emails and social media notifications from the screen in order to get to the texts at the bottom, a growing ball of dread curls in the pit of his stomach.
_____________
“No,” he growls, pushing to his feet. Castiel loosens his tie and easily pops the top button of his shirt while pacing the small room. Coming to stare at his reflection, Castiel braces himself on the vanity and speaks slowly. “Nothing happened. It was just a dance. He was
Inside, Castiel begins gathering dishes to take to the kitchen, but Mary lightly bats his hands away. “Go play,” she insists. “I’ve got this.”
Cas just keeps wiggling his fingers into his gloves. Then, glancing Dean’s way out of the corner of his eye, he says, “Perhaps, but you’ll be eating your words when your fingers go numb.”
He wants to die.
“Hey!”
“Well,” the man drawls, and there’s something in the way he says it, something in the way the yellow display light from the coffee machine flashes across his cold eyes, “thank God for that.”
A third set of hands wrap around his bicep as he stumbles back, and Dean belatedly realizes the voice in his ear belongs to Jody, the local sheriff and the same person who’d tried to get his attention earlier.
Dean scrunches his nose before settling back into the warm cushions.
“So, call him,” Dean says, “but then you and I are gonna get out of here for a while, got it?”
“Dude.”
“He’s kicking your ass, isn’t he?”
, Cas is gonna be the death of him. “I can be
Okay, that’s it.
Lillith catches Castiel’s gaze and narrows her eyes slightly before curling her lips into a feral grin that makes him shiver. “Yes, it is.”
Naomi sips her tea quietly before humming in agreement. Then, rising, she plasters on her best smile and reaches out to shake Father Joshua’s hand. “Thank you for coming, Father, but we shouldn’t keep you any longer. Would you like to take some tea for the road?”
Castiel lifts an eyebrow. “Of course, you would, Dean. People love you, and if I weren’t around, you’d pal around with Charlie or Benny, perhaps even Sam if you lived closer to one another.”
“You’re a terrible person, Dean Winchester, and I rue the day we met.”
It’s nearly twelve hours from Denver to Las Vegas, but it’s been their vacation go-to for years, and because Dean absolutely refuses to get on a plane, they’re used to the drive. They pull over for lunch just north of Monroe Peak and get rid of the trash they’ve accumulated at the various fill ups along the way, but all in all it’s a pretty straight shot to the Strip.
“Evidence. I mean, I had a good feeling it was them, but you know how Cas is.” Gabe rolls his eyes. “He wants to make sure before we go pointing fingers. Anyway, that guy he was talking to at the hospital? He goes by Azazel, makes a living doing Republicans’ dirty work. A not-quite-enemy-of-my-enemy picked up a job a few hours ago, and she said he was awful talkative after they rolled around a bit, if you catch my drift.”
Cas shrugs and rolls his mug between his palms. “It’s a lot,” he admits carefully. “I’m…adjusting, albeit slowly.”
“Already done. I’m not a complete animal, you know. Hey, grab some ginger, would you?”
“Yeah.”
The coffee machine makes a diseased spluttering sound as it chokes up the last dredges of the evening’s brew. Castiel’s mouth twists, but he dumps a few sugars into the cup and gives it a good stir before popping a lid on top. At least Dean will have something halfway palatable.
“You know I’m a grower not a shower!”
They break into laughter, their bodies shaking with the force of it, and Dean wipes his eyes before gesturing at Cas’s jeans. “Come on, angel. Lose the pants while I start the shower.”
“Yeah. Since you’ve been living together and telling people you’re married, technically you wouldn’t need a ceremony or anything to confirm it. I wasn’t going to say anything because I figured you’d pull your heads out of your asses eventually, but just, you know, throwing it out there in case you wanted to know.”
“I own my own garage.” Dean beams, the pride in his work written all over his face. “Mostly it’s regular maintenance, but I’ve restored a lot of classics over the years, and that’s what I really enjoy.”
“I…” Cas pulls his bottom lip between his teeth and looks away.
“Oh, no, thank you,” Father Joshua replies. He starts to head for the door but hesitates and turns back. “Castiel, may I have just one more moment of your time?”
“They were acting pretty nervous when we got there,” Sam admits carefully.
“Dean, Dean! Look at me!” Cas grips his face and stares hard at him. “It’s too late. If she’s not out by now…”
Forbidden words sit heavy on his tongue, and Castiel aches to relay this newest revelation to his best friend, but that same fear from before rises up to break apart the storm clouds before they can reach the lovers. Once more, they’re safe, but the horizon remains uncomfortably grey.
“Honestly,” Naomi says, a hand laid delicately across her chest. “I don’t know where we went wrong with that boy. Michael turned out perfect, but the other two?” She sighs and shakes her head as if Cas isn’t sitting mere feet away. “I can’t figure it out.”
They stay like that, hidden in the woods away from the lights of the party raging on in the main house, until the shivers wracking Cas’s body are less from emotion and more from his body trying to stay warm, and Dean nudges his friend carefully. “Come on,” he says. “My ass is asleep and it’s friggin’ cold out here. What do you say we take off for a while, hmm?”
“Or we can multitask.”
,” Gabriel says with a smirk, “is our cue to leave. Sweetheart?”
Thanks for reading!
Do you have any idea what that was like? What? You think you can get away with putting me on the spot like that then just fucking off to parts unknown? After all these years, that’s how you tell me?
Swallowing, Dean cups Cas’s chin and pulls him close, careful of the other man’s expression and waiting to see if he’ll throw on the brakes, but Cas is looking right back at him and breathing shallowly through parted lips, and slow, so slow it seems to take forever for it to actually happen, their heads tilt and their eyes flutter closed, and then Dean is kissing Cas, his mouth pulling on Cas’s upper lip while Cas sucks in a sharp inhale through his nose, and everything’s much warmer than it should be when he’s sober, heat surging up and down his spine and settling low in his belly before bleeding into his groin, and
“Found what?”
Dean gasps as the other man mouths at his jaw and makes a play for the back of his thighs, and Dean complies, hopping up and hooking his ankles together at the small of Cas’s back. It’s the perfect angle to grind down on him and—yep. Cas is just as hard as Dean and nailing the cleft of his ass perfectly with gentle but rhythmic thrusts.
something, and the memory of his face all twisted with rage is just as scary now as it was then.
_____________
Her words cut like a knife, cementing what Castiel has suspected since his hospital encounter, and he doesn’t even need his brother to confirm it because the look on Naomi’s face says it all. This is the warning, a reminder of what will happen should Castiel choose not to relent.
“Nothing. It’s just…” Cas bites his lip before continuing, his blue eyes wide. “I love that you got to have that with her.”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean had huffed as dragged Castiel into their apartment. He immediately stripped Castiel of his hoodie and long sleeve shirt and pulled him into his side before leading him to his bedroom and instructing him to lose his jeans as well.
weddings.
“Cas?”
“I—I don’t—um—”
The potential loss stokes the fire in his belly, and Dean surges up and kisses Cas with renewed vigor, intent on making the most of the moment, and hooks his ankles around Cas’s hips. Whatever else is going on in Cas’s head, he seems to get the message. He pulls Dean’s hands above his head and pins them there with a single hand wrapped around his wrists before charting a path from Dean’s clavicle to his jaw with nothing but his mouth, and later, while they catch their breath and their underwear stick uncomfortably to their groins, Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s sweat-slick temple and prays for the impossible.
“Me?” Patrick pauses a moment before continuing to deal the current hand. “Not a thing. She wasn’t mad at me anyhow. Her old man’s the one who’d been stepping out on her, and I had no idea he was married.”
“Now, I’m no good at this kind of stuff, but.” Dean huffs a laugh and reaches into the pocket of his shirt, producing the very ring Castiel thought he’d never see again. Castiel’s breath hitches, and suddenly he’s gripping the back of the couch for balance. “Cas, I’m not a great person, but I love you, and I promise to spend the rest of my life trying to be the man you deserve. Will you let me try?”
“I just don’t understand!” Castiel exclaims when it’s all over. He and Dean have moved Baby around to the back of the house, and he continues ranting as they retrieve their suitcases from the trunk and make their way from the expansive garden to the swimming area beyond. Solar lights dot the pathways at regular intervals, but otherwise the trip is made in almost total darkness. “My mother remembers you, of course she does! You were here as often as I was at your house growing up! She just doesn’t want to acknowledge you as a human being because she thinks you’re less than, and it’s bullshit!”
Cas snorts his agreement before pulling his knees tighter to his chest. “How can he do that, live one life in public and another behind closed doors?” he asks quietly. “He fights against equal rights at every turn, and yet…”
“How could I possibly know that?” Tilting his head, Cas narrows his eyes, but his smile gives him away. He’s baiting Dean, and dammit, Dean’s just torn up enough to take it.
“Lots of hungry college kids,” Dean adds.
Smiling, Dean pulls Cas closer so that their chests are pressed against each other while they sway back and forth. “Thanks, angel.”
“Congratulations, you two!”
Stepping up into the library, Sam inhaled the comforting scent of old paper, leather binding, and the faint remains of cof—chocolate? Opening his eyes, he sniffed again and made a beeline for the kitchen. Once there, he clamped a hand over his mouth to stifle the laugh that bubbled to the surface.
Sam stuffs his hands in his pockets and grins down at him. “Like I said, you and Cas are good together, and you’ve got my support no matter what. I’m happy for you.”
Swallowing, Dean glances at Cas. They hadn’t worked out all the hard details because they didn’t think Cas’s family would pry much, and they definitely hadn’t anticipated having to tell the Winchester clan.
Cas’s eyes widen, and he’s reaching forward, stumbling in his haste, but Dean moves away because he knows,
Dean’s footsteps falter as Cas’s voice filters down the hall, and he takes care to move soundlessly the rest of the way so he can find out what’s going on.
“Gross. No way.”
Swallowing, he wraps his fingers tighter around the wheel and urges Baby on.
loved him. Nothing you do will change that, so you can take your manipulative, egotistical, repulsive compulsion to control me and shove it up your ass!”
I was a child!”
Swallowing, Castiel nods weakly. “It would appear that way, yes. And my,” he takes a shuddering breath, “my family expects to meet my husband in five days, and he’s supposed to join me at the wedding. I—”
Father Joshua regards him carefully in the warm glow of the porch light, and his normally smiling eyes remain blank. Tilting his head a bit, he says, “You’ve done well for yourself, I hear. Two novels, a home, a husband…You’ve much to be proud of.”
He just
“Yeah,” he rasps as a muffled groan escapes Cas’s chest. “I’m sure.”
“Goodbye, Dean.”
“Get lost,” the kid—and Jesus, he really can’t be more than nineteen—snaps.
“Of course not,” Gabriel scoffs. Inclining his head to Eileen in greeting, he takes off his hat—a fedora, Sam realizes with an inward groan—and flashes what he probably thinks is a charming smile that only succeeds to make Eileen more suspicious of him. “I told you I have information, and I meant it.”
“It was! We raised you better than that!”
“Shower sex?”
All in all, it’s a shitty start to what’s sure to be a rough couple of weeks.
Father Joshua grins, and the sudden shift is so disorienting that Castiel can do nothing but stand there when Father Joshua wraps him in a hug. “I never told you this,” he whispers into Castiel’s ear, “but I’ve never believed God could hold anything against a person for who they love. Check the scriptures, child. He’s never stopped loving you, and neither have I.”
“Us?!” Dean jumps up and paces down the hall, but—as per fucking usual—Sam doesn’t let him go easily.
Ducking his head, Dean clenches his jaw and mutters, “Sorry.”
“Will your mother mind us visiting this late?” he asks, hands shoved deep into his pockets.
“Of course you would,” Dean snorts.
“Don’t want you to burn yourself,” Cas murmurs, his mouth curling up. “Too bad about the pancake, though.”
“Good,” Dean breathes—and Castiel definitely won’t mention or forget the way Dean is also blinking back tears. “That-that’s good. That’s real good, Cas.”
“Everything alright there, hon?” the waitress calls across the room.
“What do you mean?”
“Would you shut up? Dean,” Sam grabs the front of Dean’s shirt, a desperate move he hasn’t pulled in years, not since their dad died and Dean had to tell him the news, “it’s me. I know you, man, and after everything, can’t you just be honest with me for once? What the hell’s going on? Why are you lying to everyone?”
He shrugs, defeated. “I suppose I’ll go back to Denver, move out, and…”
“Nothin’. Just…” Dean sighs and fiddles with the tie hanging loosely about Cas’s neck. “I just wanted this to be perfect, you know?”
_____________
“Mmm, I aspire to that level of greatness.”
Something like a growl rips out of Cas’s chest, and the next thing Dean knows, he’s seated on the vanity, the faucet digging into his lower spine, and Cas is
The December air has long leeched the heat from the metal, and the cold easily cuts through Castiel’s jacket to his skin, but that’s nothing compared to the heat singing through his body. Dean seems to be on board with whatever Castiel wants, pushing and groping and writhing above him, and breathless curses spill from his lips when Castiel hooks his legs around Dean’s hips and gives a none too gentle squeeze. Everything is dialed up, the electricity buzzing across his skin, the flashes of freckles and gold lashes between blinks, the sounds of their lips and clothes and skin moving together, the taste of Dean’s
It’s that realization that has Castiel hugging Dean closer and chasing his mouth with a new urgency, that has him backing up and leaning onto the Impala’s hood while pulling Dean on top of him because if this is it, if this is all he gets, Castiel is going to make the most of it.
It’s not the actual ceremony he has a problem with. That part he’s good with, thrilled even. The whole tying yourself to another human forever (or until the lust fades) never bothered him one iota, but brushing elbows with a bunch of strangers at the reception? Now that he could do without.
“Everyone deserves a break now and then. Even God.”
_____________
“And Castiel, he’s happy?”
Castiel leans over the counter and frowns at his reflection before pinching a strand covered with hot pink…something between two fingers. He remembers going to The Equalizer but doesn’t recall having a paintball fight with anyone, but then, there were a lot of colors. He’ll have to ask Dean in the morning. “And?”
“Well, they can find something else to play with or use their imagination or something! I don’t know!”
“Okay.”
“Would you and Cas like to come with us?” she asks. “On a walk?”
” He slams the door closed and stomps forward in double time, his boots pounding noisily as he closes in on his target. “
They’re led into the den where, as promised, Father Joshua is waiting. The older man is perched on the edge of one of the overly plush couches and gently blowing a cup of something warm and steaming between his palms. Naomi ushers Cas to sit beside Father Joshua, and she sinks into the armchair before glancing hopefully up at Dean.
A sob racks his frame as the Impala’s rumble fades into the night, and it’s the sudden thought that he may never hear the beautiful sound again that makes Castiel want to pull out his phone and call Dean, beg him to turn around, to come back. He’d take it all back, say he was joking, that of course he doesn’t love Dean like that and never has except for as friends, maybe brothers. Then he’d throw their bags into the car and grab breakfast at the diner in town—waffles with all the toppings, a stack of hashbrowns, a couple of fried eggs, and bacon of course because Dean has to have bacon with his breakfast or it doesn’t count. They’ll laugh the whole thing off and pretend it never happened, except…
Castiel stares open-mouthed at Mary, but then he gets it. Nodding, he pulls out of her grasp and heads to the door where his and Dean’s coats still hang from the night before, and, as per Mary’s additional instruction, he also grabs a couple of thick scarves and joins Dean in the sunlight.
“Hey, angel.”
A voice clears on the other side of the intercom, and it brings both men back to the task at hand. “My apologies,” Castiel says, leaning over Dean to be heard through the open window. He shoots a glare at his friend and earns a finger to his ribs in response. Stifling the small oomph he lets out, Castiel continues. “We’re expected for dinner this evening, but it seems my code no longer works.”
“It’s nothing,” she says, offering him a soft smile while also visibly fighting back more tears. “I just, I wish your father could be here.”
There was the sound of flesh hitting flesh—hard, likely a smack to the face if he remembered correctly—and then Dr. Piccolo shouting,
“Funny, you also haven’t changed much since then.”
“And I thought only whores had lips like yours,” Michael growls. “I bet that’s how you really caught my brother, isn’t it? Tell me, Dean, would you like to see what a real cock feels like in your ass?”
Castiel huffs a dark laugh and shakes his head. His nerves are raw, and he’s exhausted, and he can’t find the wherewithal to care what she thinks anymore. “What’s the matter, Mother, tired of your so called friends talking bad about you behind your back? Oh, look, there goes Naomi. A pity she failed to raise her youngest right. At least the other two turned out okay.”
, that one touch is all it’d take. He’d come up with some lame excuse, a shitty joke to throw Cas off and forget this ever happened.
Much needed fluff is on the way.
Dean cranes his neck from where he’s knelt before Castiel, and his eyes shine with unshed tears. “Don’t go,” he croaks.
Sam hesitates, raising his eyebrows. “Dean and Cas?”
Later, while they’re laying there in the dark, Castiel stares up at the ceiling, anxiety clawing at his insides. Thumbing the band around his finger, he wonders idly how different his life would be had he never felt the need to come out to his parents. Maybe they would’ve continued to support him, or maybe they’d have found some other reason for hating him. He can’t decide.
“Mom?”
Mary and Eileen both “aww” over his speech, and even Dean has to admit it was really good—definitely better than anything he’d come up with. “You’ve always been one of my boys,” Mary says, but then, wagging a finger in their direction, she blinks back a few tears. “You tell me the
“Well, yeah.” Dean rubs at the back of the neck and glances at Castiel out of the corner of his eye. “It still tastes like shit, but it doesn’t smell so bad anymore.”
Rubbing his hand roughly over his neck, Dean sighs and glares hard at the woman. “What?”
' with the other guests out front like we haven't been staying here all week? Dude, I can only smile and nod for so long before someone gets punched.”
“Knew what?”
“Michael,” Cas murmurs into his knees. “He’s…”
He glances over as Cas appears at his side, and together they move through the mass of bodies until they reach what was always their table growing up. They’d spent countless hours over the years doing homework and just hanging out at the Roadhouse while their mom finished up her shift, and he’s pretty sure the seats molded to his ass at some point. It’s with that thought that Dean slides onto the warm, cracked vinyl and absently runs his fingers over the battered finish in front of him. “Would you look at that,” he mutters when his fingertips find the familiar markings etched into the table. They’re worn, the letters not quite as sharp after so many years of patrons’ glasses and forearms rubbing against the table, but the initials are still distinguishable if he tilts his head just right.
“This it for you?” the woman asked, punching a few buttons on her machine and barely sparing him a glance.
Thanks for reading!
about you is bad.”
“Move.”
Barely suppressing an eyeroll at another one of Michael’s stories, he shovels a forkful of alfredo into his mouth and quietly moans around the taste. Not too thick or thin, the sauce is freaking perfect, and Dean quickly follows the bite with another. Beside him, Cas’s hand tightens around his fork, and Dean squints at the subtle motion.
Unfortunately, God would rather subject him to this peculiar brand of torture instead.
“I…” Castiel blinks at him and then at the suit in his hands. Is Dean mad at him for choosing what he should wear to the wedding? He only meant to help out and knew Dean preferred his blue suit for special occasions, and the tie matches his eyes, but did he cross a line? They’ve helped each other pack before, but this whole trip is different thanks to the fake marriage thing, so maybe he should have asked beforehand, but what had Dean planned to wear to the wedding, the same suit he attended dinner in the other night?
“Way ahead of you, Cas. While I haven’t been able to move the boxes by myself, I have been able to slap a few labels on them.”
“Oh, don’t mind us,” Mary says casually before sipping at her coffee. She rolls her eyes and gestures with the cup, but Castiel can just make out the ghost of a smile on her lips before she says, “We’re just wondering what’s going on over there.”
“I think it’s time to call in a favor.”
