“Well, eh,” Wanda muttered, “Stark knows he is his son now…” Oh, did he? Great! That was actually great news, but Yaël couldn’t hold her own sarcasm. She tried fighting it, she wasn’t stupid. It was clear Peter had been too busy and that he had been unfortunate to get into such an accident with Harry again. This had been no fun for him, Yaël knew that, but she couldn’t help herself.
“So, now that Peter’s moving out, do you have any plans, May?” Steve asks in between his bites, pulling Peter out of his train of thoughts. May smiles and nods.
, because that’s a mouthful.
And so he tells him of how they started working together, bringing biology and technology together as they started to think about creating better medical equipment. It was something Tony did in between creating the weapons for Stark Industries.
The girl lets go of his hand. Peter, in the background, snorts.
Peter asks how much the survival rate is. He doesn’t like the answer.
And now his phone goes off again. Peter groans while he reaches for the side, gritting his teeth together when another sting passes through him. He hadn’t expected Dr. Octavius’ claws to be so strong.
Tony stays quiet, turning his head to the side once more.
Huh, Peter never really thought of it that way… Would he really be next in line to inherit his father’s company when he’s older? He doesn’t even want to think about that. He’s not a business-man, and he wouldn’t really care about all that money.
,” Steve explains. Peter likes that about him; he never holds back on that kind of information. “
Fears that Tony will go back to his distant self now that Peter is no longer in the room. That he’ll go back to ignoring him, barely looking at him. Steve already prepares himself for it, too. He puts his hands together while facing Tony, waiting for him to say something.
“What do you know about our mother?”
“We’re not supposed to be having some sort of talk here, right?” Tony asks, actually sounding a bit uneasy about it. Ned doesn’t answer. Peter frowns, embarrassed.
Shit… His temper has been seriously out of control. But… when did
? Last time an unknown number called him, it had been Oscorp about the journals.
Peter clears his throat again. He figures he can’t really tell her much as Peter Parker. He’d have better luck getting into a conversation with her as Spider-Man after all.
day ago, and while he assured him that he’s okay with it, Peter can’t just… hang out with MJ and pretend everything’s fine, right?
“Wait, what do you mean by-“ Yaël tried to ask about Peter, but May was off to work already.
Anything that could get this anger away from him.
“I don’t understand how you’re described as having a silver tongue. Your expressions are always the worst.”
Without any hesitation, Tony takes it, crossing their fingers together.
Thor’s smile is so contagious. His hands are squeezing Steve’s arms, his gaze strongly holding on to Steve’s eyes.
After stumbling in to the Avengers, Peter quickly hurried after Tony back into the workshop. From then on, Tony has been asking questions about what exactly just happened while he was gone. Peter notices immediately he seems to avoid the subject of what Peter said yesterday, and the teenager isn’t sure how to feel about that.
Tony looks back at Steve shortly. Then he looks back down at the journal before directing his attention towards Peter.
Yaël nodded a bit nervously.
Peter doesn’t thank him, because Johnny’s already closed the door back behind him. While the game is still paused, he reaches next to him, grabbing for his phone. But it’s then that he remembers throwing it across the room.
FRIDAY says. Peter nods and sighs. When the door suddenly opens, Bruce (holding a large bowl) and another woman walk inside. The woman looks… strong. If anything, it seems like she feels probably a bit out of place, too.
He’s barely aware of another door opening, barely aware of the whisperings around him – though he can’t understand what they’re saying. He’s probably too tired to even question the shifting on the bed, of the two sudden hands against his head. A girl lets out a sad sob, tries to take a few deep breaths.
IF THAT WAS POSSIBLE.
“Oh, after you got that Vulture-guy locked up, some of his tech stayed behind. I made sure it wouldn’t end up in the wrong hands, is all,” the girl says with a wiggle in her eyebrows. “Now be quiet or you’ll ruin the mission.”
One short look, Tony can only spot one of these artists T’Challa had been talking about. A white man, with a beard and a cap over his head. Tony can’t see his face, but he looks muscled enough. Should he greet him? Tony puts his hands in his pockets and walks towards the bench.
“Venom,” Peter mutters out.
Yaël straightened her back. “Uh, blind but not unskilled, sir.”
“How could you tell?”
Peter counters, clearly agitated about it. Steve puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but doesn’t say anything. He just gives him a long, calm look. Enough for Tony to know what he means.
“You’ll get used to it.”
“That was close, thank you,” Peter mutters, leaning back and seeing his reflection in the mirror.
A promise he intends to keep, no matter how much money it’ll cost him.
“Did Peter say anything?” Tony asks. He’s trying his best not to cry. He really is. He just can’t help the stinging in his eyes and the slight crack in his voice as he speaks.
Tony shakes his head, and puts the tablet down at last. With serious eyes, he faces his son, lips put in a tight line.
“Hey,” he greets her in return. Jezus, does his voice really sound this horrible? He scrapes his throat.
Everybody stops talking. While the twins are still outside, Vision and Wanda, too, listen in at the door. Tony, who is still holding his glass, loosens his tie a little bit before starting.
“I, uh… I got another little surprise for you,” Tony admits. Then he reaches underneath the dashboard and takes out what looks like a lunch bag but in the larger scale. “I was going to put it on your bed for you to find, but I couldn’t be sure May would find it or if you would put it on with her still in the house, so here you go instead.”
? What trick are you trying to play, Leeds?”
“It’s alright, though, we’re almost finished. It’s not like we’re moving everything, and May and I already went to buy new furniture.”
Peter chuckles at the awkwardness he knows Tony must be feeling right now.
“It must have been hard on him, the funeral?” Steve asks then. Tony huffs out a breath, feeling like he’s about to just start bursting out in laughter.
“Don’t worry, next time I’ll ask him if you can come along. Maybe we can get all of the Avengers to join,” Peter assures him. Ned, being Ned, starts waving his arms excitedly again. He’s such a fanboy.
Tony blinks in surprise. “You know, after my time in my universe… I don’t think I want more of them,” Tony admits as well. He chuckles then, shaking his head while closing his eyes. “Look at us, every time one of us takes a step forward, the other one goes back…”
tries to contact Peter again, if he would ever get to break free, the Avengers will stop him before he can even lift a single finger.”
Peter cocked his eyebrow at her, but kept his mouth shut. But it was Vision who started speaking with disapproval. “You shouldn’t make a decision based on what others do.”
Steve answers. “
Peter’s almost literally a tomato when the elevator finally makes a stop at the penthouse, where apparently all of the Avengers present in the tower have decided to make their visit. Is there a mission? Is it just a social visit? Peter has no idea. He all but sprints out of the elevator with his suit still in his hands to escape from the eternal eyes of confusion. Coming across both Tony and Steve makes it even worse. He lets out a yelp and a shriek, not bothering to stay and listen to their surprised question of ‘What are you doing?!’ before he jumps into his bedroom and all but throws himself at his closet.
“Fine, just… stay away from him, okay? I know it sounds kind of… mean from him, but I really think he can’t handle it right now.”
“God damn it, Peter, let’s go!” Peter screened the place too, jumped up and put on his coat. As soon as they were out, Yaël snorted. “Jeez, Peter, we sounded like a married couple in there!”
When Yaël finally got the chance to talk to Steve, he was acting very strange. The man, that always seemed to have his shit together, except his Tony-shit, was losing it.
“I-I don’t know, Steve…” she said, hoping he’d understand.
Wade jumped back up, grabbed Yaël’s hand, pulled her behind him and somehow managed to run passed Logan, back into the hallway. She looked behind and saw the Wolverine sprinting behind them, his claws made horrifying sounds as he made them scrape against the wall.
“No, no, no Spider-Man while you’re a baby, Peter,” Tony tells him, holding the small child in his arms. Peter gives him a confused look, holding his hand back to the wall. Tony shakes his head. “I said no.”
problems in the past few months, he’s glad to just be quiet and take it all in. His friends have their own lives happening, their own issues and good things going on. Steve really wants to be a part of it.
“Why?” Tony asks.
“It can’t get to Peter again, Steve!” Tony calls out, his voice sounding desperate. Steve sighs, grabbing a hold of both of Tony’s arms and making him turn until they’re staring at each other.
“Do you know why we moved into the forest? I mean like, there’s nobody else living here.” The man stood up and walked around.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh lord, is he crying? Peter is pretty sure he’s crying. Yup, there are tears rolling over his cheeks. In a hurry, he tries to wipe them away, thinking back of how his voice had been cracking during that last sentence. Mr. Morita is looking at him in surprise, as if he’s wondering how exactly innocent little Peter could make such a drama.
Tony’s had panic attacks before, but usually he’s alone or only with Bruce. This is the first time Steve is here with him. He’d rather have spared him of this sight.
“Yeah, I love you, too.”
“That’s so cool,” Peter interrupts. When Strange gives him an annoyed look, he apologizes and puts his hands in his lap.
My issue is that I wanted to post about 3 chapters a week, BUT then the Christmas-chapter will be posted WEEKS after christmas...
“Peter, you’ve eaten already?” he asks. Peter nods.
“Kid?” Happy asks from inside the room. Peter startles. Not yet! Don’t force him to hang up, now!
“I have a problem.”
“Come on…” she repeated to herself. Her arm and back began to ache from tensing up her muscles. But the brush did fly towards her and she could almost touch it…as it fell on the floor. “Shit!” she grunted. It had been so close.
“I’m sorry, we had to let go of the piece we managed to preserve when we heard about the fight getting out of hand,” she admits. Peter hears Tony curse next to him. Steve just seems confused about what they’re talking about.
“Who else is going to do that when you get married?” Yaël frowned as she thought about a detail she was missing there. She didn’t have a father to dance with, nor one to walk her to the aisle or repair stuff for her when she didn’t know how to do it. She didn’t have a dad to save her with the small things of life, like the daddy’s shoulder to cry on or a dad who’d protect her from the big, tough world. Maybe not all fathers are like that, probably not.
Dum-E lets go of his shirt again before grabbing a napkin to dab on Peter’s forehead, even though he’s not sweating at all. Peter just lets him do it, knowing that mentioning it to the bot won’t make a difference at all.
Steve. And if that just doesn’t feel wrong in every possible way, Tony doesn’t really know…
Steve stares. Sometimes he thinks Tony doesn’t notice it, and he’ll just look away after a while.
“I’m sorry, I need to take this. You just look around, when you’re done you can ask one of my people to help you out.”
“Steve? Honey! I didn’t know you would be here?” Sharon’s voice asks. When Tony looks up, he can see his cousin – his freaking little cousin who is practically his niece – leaning up and kissing Steve on the mouth. Steve, who looks surprised by this sudden encounter, takes a step back before Sharon finishes greeting her… husband.
“FRIDAY, where’s the Spider-Man suit currently located?” Tony asks, ignoring Peter’s question.
“Because you have to come to pick him up?”
“They’re next on my tour,” he admits. “Though if anybody knows how I can reach the individuals like Daredevil or Spider-Man, that would be appreciated.”
“Why not?” Ned asks, suddenly curiously. Peter sighs and then shrugs.
“Yaël, get up!” the person, clearly a man, yelled. Yaël’s brain was still too lazy to think about the voice and find out who was stalking her. Did this person have a dead-wish or something?
“AND THEY SHOULD!” Yaël grumbled.
“Hold on tightly,” the Captain jokes, and with a loud thud and a hard shock, they are back on the ground. Surprisingly, the motorcycle is still driving forward, not even having a tiny little scratch at all.
“Wow, uh…” Sam mutters out. James nods in agreement of the awkwardness. “Who won, then?”
The princess is helping Rhodey.
“Dude, are you telling me you had a crush on me?” Peter asks, shocked. “But then why did the Goblin want to kill
“Wow, but if he’s your dad, that’s kind of great, right?” Yaël asks, but Peter finds himself shrugging. Sure, it could be nice, but still, there’s something biting inside of him about it.
“But dad,” Peter complains.
“Hi, Peter,” she greets him in return. It’s such a stark contrast to the first time Peter met her. For a long time, MJ always came over as a hard-ass, not seeming to care about things. It seems that being with Harry peeled that hard shell off of her and made her a bit more… human? Peter doesn’t even remember when he started to actually like her, but it must be somewhere after her telling Spider-Man that he’s the reason she broke up with Harry.
Tony’s flying. His body is weightless, he’s seeing nothing more than clouds. There’s no wind touching his face. He must be in the suit. He must be on his way somewhere. Maybe he fell asleep?
His phone has been going crazy the entire day, mostly people tagging him in posts and Ned and Wade asking questions he’s been ignoring. Ever since he’s woken up, he isn’t feeling like facing other people. Especially with the way he’s started his day – that’s something the two of them are going to have to talk about, but then again, there’s a lot to discuss, anyway.
“You mean that Devil of Hell’s Kitchen-guy? What do they call him?” Steve asks.
He doesn’t expect Peter shouting in his ears.
“He’s asleep for now,” Tony says. Right now, in this instance, all he wants is to lean towards him, but there are two things holding him back; the first being May still standing in the same room with them, and the second the uncertainty of what exactly they’re supposed to be towards each other.
Secondly, I'd like to thank each and every one of you, dear readers. Without you, I wouldn't have found the excitement of writing this story in such a quick speed. In comparison to my other stories, this one really just practically flew out of my fingers. Because you've been keeping on motivating me. Whether it was with kudo's, comments, bookmarks or subscriptions. I never for one moment felt like I was writing without anybody reading it, while I've been feeling like that with my other stories in the past. You've all been so participant, giving me ideas and unknowingly stimulating me to change some things, try out stuff. I know there have been some unanswered things in this story, which will be addressed in the timestamps OR in the possible sequel for which I've already made a banner (shame on me). There are ideas, and if it's going to happen it's going to be WAY shorter than this one, but it's a possibility that, after the exams, I might start typing up the story after all this!
“You know he'll probably see it as blackmail, right?” he asks. He’s knows because Steve isn't thinking clearly, obviously. He'll get defensive, and twist his words, and the actual point will be lost probably. He can already sense the argument coming up...
“That’s nasty, Peter,” Tony says with a scrunched up face. Peter chuckles.
“I’m afraid not, Hilde. Non-alcoholic only,” he explains. Brunnhilde gives him a shocked look, and Tony just chuckles.
“Oh, I should have figured that would happen. They have a bet and neither Tony nor Steve want to tell them the answer,” Natasha says with a shrug. She reaches behind her head to readjust her bun. “Whatever you do, don’t indulge them or they’ll be asking for more.”
“Uncle Steve, huh?” Tony returns, smirking a bit at Steve. It disappears again the moment he sees Steve’s sad look. Then Tony stands up, making his way to Steve’s couch and sitting down next to him.
Ned and Harry turn to Peter, and he nods.
anything
- Stony
“Peter, are you-?” Steve starts.
Really, Tony isn’t one to keep it under wraps; he would rather be open about it, let everybody know that he’s… something more with Steve. But he doesn’t, because Steve doesn’t want that. Heck, the indication that they don’t really know how to call this thing between them should have been enough that there’s something not really right.
Tony Stark’s familiar voice asks through a small intercom that is installed all over the floor. Peter’s pretty sure Tony’s got images on Peter standing there, still in his suit, waiting to be allowed inside.
“Oh, that’s too bad. What happened?” Maybe she’ll tell him what Harry didn’t want to say. MJ shrugs again.
“I love you” he says then. “I’ll always love you.”
Ned’s already horrible at keeping secrets.
“Dr., if the artificial intelligence in the arms is as advanced as you suggest, couldn’t that make
Things have been rough on Peter. The day after getting rid of Venom, it started. The combination of seeing Gwen again, losing MJ, having his body hijacked and the arguments is just too much. Tony doesn’t know how he can help him. Nobody in here knows. They’re all just watching on the tips of their toes, avoiding making it worse.
Even though when said friend hurt him real bad.
“Mr. Stark, is your wife aware of this relationship?”
“Yo, Uncle Aaron? I’m here!” Miles calls out as he opens the fridge to grab a soda.
(He did, back in the quinjet; he put in the coordinates to New York, and then put FRIDAY on the wheel as he took a moment to have his inner panic attack. It wasn’t pleasant, and it still hurts his chest to think about it – though that could be the shield-shaped bruise he’s gotten onto his torso now.
Tony Stark, for a long time, described that question with one simple answer: To suffer. There’s no point in life but to suffer. If you think about it, the concept of life, the concept of time… it all just doesn’t matter, does it?
Finding himself back in front of the first door Tony had been showing him a few hours back, Peter prepares himself for whatever could be inside. With his father smiling widely, he feels like it’s something good. Is it the rest of the team? Sam? That Winter Soldier-guy with the cool arm? The guy who got big? Clint?
He comes up with new ideas, suggests improvements Tony hadn’t even thought of, and makes jokes with Dum-E. These jokes are, of course, mostly about the bot. Being donated to charity, that is. Or anything else Tony has ever threatened Dum-E with in the past years.
“Uh, Peter…” Tony doesn’t continue his sentence. Steve quickly notices Mantis sitting nearby, on the bed playing cards with Shuri, who is laughing because of something.
Everybody gives him a long look before they all one by one nod in understanding.
“Peter,” he calls out, snapping his finger next to Peter’s ear. The boy turns his head around until his brown eyes meet Tony’s. “Can you hear me?”
“The others aren’t coming, Hap, I thought you knew that?” Pepper asks a bit awkwardly. Happy shakes his head.
Eddie called him ‘Peter’ before Peter ran off. Eddie knew his name.
Clint and Bucky have a bet, and Natasha wonders if she's the only adult in the team.
Rhodey just laughs, and so does Happy. “She ain’t lying, Peter. Tony’s mother was Italian. He speaks it fluently.”
bedrooms has been confusing at first, but now Peter only finds it awesome to be able to call the Tower
Somehow Wade managed to pronounce every word correctly.
Yaël started throwing stuff in a suitcase, deciding not to tell Peter about Steve’s phonecall.
He tasted love with Jarvis, the man who took care of him whenever his parents weren’t available, which was a lot. Peggy loved him, too, and so did Daniel and their children. Tony’s little family. Once upon a time, when he was really,
“…mom?”
“It’s not that I’m not glad to see you, Gwen, but… this is all a little bit too strange,” Peter mutters out, looking back down at the suit. “I need to get to my Dad, have the guys find a way to get the suit off…”
“Uh, yeah, maybe…I’m looking for Peter Parker?” Shit, did she have to call him Peter Stark now? How did these kinds of things work? “I brought ice-cream,” Yaël added, like it was important information. Stop acting like an idiot, Yaël told herself, you’re over two-thousand years old, imbecile.
“Hi, everybody!” Jane greets them all, waving awkwardly. Peter realizes that May doesn’t know the woman, yet, but he figures somebody will at least introduce her. Peter’s not really in the mood for it.
Tony has to wait about ten minutes before Steve finally rejoins him on the deck. Seeing him there with a suit that looks like Captain America’s, but clearly isn’t as good as the one Tony made for him, Tony fights the strong urge to comment on it.
“Why are you stopping me, Buck? You don’t want me to go?” he asks angrily. At that time another door opens, revealing Wanda in the hallway, looking confused as she sees the two adults talking in the hallway.
- Much-needed catching up
“Okay, and what did it say?” he asks.
“He overdosed last Thursday…the same day you got, you know…stuck in your dream.” Holy shit, an overdose?! Of what? Yaël didn’t ask, it was none of her business. But she couldn’t help being curious, though.
“Forever,” Tony says. It’s probably a bit extreme, but it’s the only way to make Peter understand.
“Steve, stop talking like we’re never going to see each other again,” Peter adds. “Because we are, right? We’ll see each other again?”
Peter turns to MJ, trying to find what she’s doing. She’s picked up her Italian book again, so it seems. Peter tries to read along for a bit, but gives up rather quickly. In the front seat, Rhodey turns around to address Tony.
Yeah, that’s what Steve was fearing. A quick look on the internet shows nothing. Is it because he called him? Is this possibly Steve’s fault?
“WHY DID YOU CLEAN THE TOILET WITH MY TOOTHBRUSH, WILSON?!” he growled from behind the door, his claws going downwards through the wood, blindly searching for Wade.
“Wow, that’s sudden. Good for them,” Tony calls out.
change at all. He finds it pretty hilarious, despite the fact that this device could be able to help countless of people.
On another other note, I suppose Posting days have been changed to Sundays and Wednesdays
“Who, Richard?”
“Nilla…” she tried to explain, her arm didn’t work with her as she tried to point at the little concrete cell she had built around her sister.
Wait how did she even know he could do that? She didn’t remember him talking in her head the few times she met him after she had ‘woken up’ from ‘the accident’. Vague terms Fury used to explain her why she didn’t remember a thing. But yet, Yaël couldn’t shake some sort of déjà vu-feeling when she heard the voice inside her head.
“What is it?” Peter asks, hurrying after her. They stop at a panel where a video image is shown of the Founder of SHIELD, Agent Peggy Carter, talking about how Captain America influenced her life. Peter isn’t listening to her, instead focusing all of his attention to his Aunt.
Wanda, in the meantime, hasn’t really done much. It’s not easy, being a wanted fugitive, so she’s mostly spent her time in the Royal Palace at Wakanda, meeting some people and learning how to play the guitar.
In three days, there’s a meeting in Vienna. Upon that fact, Steve finally turns towards Tony, who immediately lowers his gaze. He almost knows Steve isn’t happy with the sudden guest he brought along, but to Tony’s defense, he didn’t really know himself what this was about.
After some time, one of the teens walked in. It was Surge, all by herself. Yaël knew that some of these kids had no parents anymore and others were abandoned for being mutants. There were kids whose parents didn’t even know about their mutation or the school and who thought they send their kid just to a regular boarding school, but of course, those didn’t get invited for the parent’s day. All the teens chose if they invited their parents themselves.
, Peter thinks to himself, but keeping his mouth shut wisely.
Then she turns her head back to Peter, and starts stroking through the teenager’s hair.
“Natasha, why are you angry?” Steve asks carefully, holding up his hands in a peaceful gesture. Natasha glares at the captain, and Peter feels scared in his place. Standing next to Wanda, he can feel her tension even from here.
“Wow, kid. You’re probably the bravest intern I’ve ever seen, trying to take on the
Why did she do it?
Happy doesn’t drive Peter home this time. This time, Steve takes out his extra helmet and hands it to Peter. On the motorcycle, the two drive back to Queens. And as they near the house where Aunt May is waiting for him, the only thing currently stuck in his mind is the disappointment he’d seen in Tony’s eyes when he said what he said.
dad in the world, but he figures he would be alright. Maybe he should talk to Steve about this, figure out what his vision on it is.
Normally I always make art for my stories. I should start making some for this one!
It’s not that he wants to do anything with it, but in all honesty they both must have forgotten about it in all the drama. Now that it’s mostly over, he wants to have another look at it. L-
“Did you do anything fun Saturday night?” she had asked.
FRIDAY returns.
“Sorry, but I have a question,” he said politely, like he didn’t really gasp why he shouldn’t just appear in her bathroom like that. Luckily, Yaël wasn’t a prude and she was used to Wade walking in whenever he wanted to too. Vision was clearly waiting for Yaël to react before he asked her his question.
Giving the two of them a knowing look, Sam and Clint turn to each other and then groan.
Peter’s mouth snaps shut, his eyes wide from surprise. Is his dad finally losing it? Should Peter call up Steve? Or would Tony be angry that he tried to meddle? Peter hesitates for a few moments longer before deciding to just listen. He heads into the opposite direction, grabbing his suitcase and everything else he needs for the week. Looking at the room, he figures he won’t be seeing it for another two weeks, maybe longer if his dad keeps on acting up like this. Peter really should reach out to the other Avengers.
“How is he? Stark, I mean. Steve told me he wasn’t feeling so well.”
Once he sees his panicked look, he shrugs. “Yeah, I remember. You could have told me about it, by the way.”
“Uh, FRIDAY? She just asked me if I can hear her?” Tony returns. Natasha shakes her head, walking up to him and putting a hand on his forehead.
DNA? If that’s true, then Peter couldn’t have survived the bite, right?”
FRIDAY offers. Peter rolls his eyes, hurrying back to the kitchen to grab a few more glasses. And a new one for Rhodey, who is still waiting for his drink.
Aunt May frowns and tilts her head to the side. “You know I went to the hairdresser yesterday before work, Peter. Don’t try to distract me, what’s in that box?”
bad. He wanted revenge on
“Bruce shouldn’t tell my kid about my personal issues,” he mutters. Peter punches him in the shoulder.
When spaceship finally slowed down, Yaël heard one of the passengers mutter something about the Champion fighting against a dog. Before she even had the chance to think about getting up, Loki’s hand already hoovered in front of her face. He pulled her up like she was just a light feather, whilst she knew she wasn’t the skinniest and she was kind of tall. Not as tall as Loki, though. They both immediately hurried themselves towards the window.
Peter shakes his head. Mr. Stark then puts the gauntlet down and reaches for the reactor instead.
“The queen told me you’d say stuff like that, but don’t worry. I’ve been keeping an eye on you for a few weeks now, I know who your friends are and where they live. Like that boy with his aunt.” She was talking about Peter! Yaël gritted her teeth. “Or that man with her motorcycle.”
“Easy?! IT CLEARLY ISN’T, SINCE YOU HAVEN’T EVEN MADE ANY PROGRESS WITH IT!”
“They take the psychopath,” Peter returns, laughing up at his own joke. He slaps a hand on his belly and closes his eyes. Oh, he loves this one.
“He responded to your question, that must mean it worked, right?”
like it’s held by somebody who just doesn’t have the courage to go and clean it up.
Though they both had hoped that Peter wouldn’t betray them like that. Sadly, it seemed like he came home one day without warning them. And just as FRIDAY was warning them about his arrival, he’d already heard it. He’d already seen it, too. It’s not that hard if you’re trying to be risky and are going for some good make-out in the kitchen.
“Here, let me help you,” Tony says, kneeling down to pick up the papers and push them back inside. A few sentences catch his attention, though, but he decides not to spend too much attention to it. Especially after noticing how pale the boy had gotten while Tony took the papers in hands. Quickly enough, Tony offers it back, seeing how Peter actively seems to avoid making eye-contact with him. Why is he so nervous all of the sudden?
“The New York Sanctorum. Jesus, do you have difficulties in paying attention maybe?” Dr. Strange asks. Peter throws a glare his way, but the man doesn’t see it. He gets onto the stairwell and starts going upstairs. There are even more artifacts there. Peter halts a bit at a large sword. Curiosity gets the better of him and he takes it into his hand. It’s lighter than he’d expected. He starts swinging around a bit with it, suddenly feeling like a badass Ninja.
FRIDAY answers at the same time that Peter feels a cold chill going through him. Immediately, he jumps to the side, only barely missing an arrow that lands on the desk. When he walks forward to pick it up, it sticks on the table.
Somebody is speaking through the comm link, he can hear it even from here. Steve sighs against Tony’s shoulder.
“Why on Earth wouldn’t you, Tony?” Steve asks, and to be honest, he’s got him there. There’s no
“You’re not leaving this tower until we’ve taken that suit off of you,” Tony warns him. Peter stares for a little bit longer, finally deciding to walk back to them after a few seconds of silence. The others seem to relax at his sudden will to co-operate, though Tony is still eyeing him suspiciously.
“What more do you have planned?” Steve asks, then. Tony just smirks, but doesn’t say anything. Leading them to a little alleyway with nothing really inside of it. Just when Steve opens his mouth to ask what’s going on, Tony opens up a side-door, nodding towards Steve as an indication that he should get inside.
At first he would say he’d go with the apothis, like Natasha, mostly because of his repulsive reaction towards sex in the past few months. But… he figures that’s not extremely correct, neither. He
There’s no answer, and Tony snorts.
Holding his shield in his hand.
He shudders when Steve presses his lips on the lower part of the scar, on Tony’s left side. Tony gets out a shivering breath, his hands shaking slightly while he’s distracted. No, he can’t let Steve win. There’s no way!
He’s getting closer. Just a little while longer, and he’ll be there to get his Peter, to take care of his boy. He doesn’t care if he gets hurt himself, as long as his son is spared. Thanos can do with Tony whatever he wants. He can’t touch a single hair on Peter’s head.
“We should sto-stop,” Yaël sounded even more hoarse than usual. Steve nodded and reached her his hand. She took it and crawled back up.
“Here we go,” Steve says happily, handing them to Tony along with a kiss on his forehead.
Somehow Yaël was afraid that Steve would want to talk about what she had been going through, what she had seen and why she had been sick. She wanted to talk about anything else, but that. Not because she was ashamed, but because she didn’t feel like it. The things that happened to her wasn’t the hot topic that Yaël wanted to talk about the whole evening. She was craving for other news than hearing herself tell that story again. It happened, but other stuff happened to other people too and she wanted to hear about that, shake off her own problems for a moment.
Steve isn’t really joining into the actual dancing like the others. Instead he just walks around, pretending to smell on his flower while he steps between the dancing couples. They all swirl around him, making it look even more like it’s a musical number.
“Kind of the reason I cheated on MJ. It’s an alien that kind of possessed me at some times, making me do things I didn’t really remember and wouldn’t normally do. Besides that, it mostly also turned me into the standard college student who parties more than they should study.”
“Let go of him, you bastard!” another person shouts. It vaguely sounds like Tony, but Peter can’t be sure.
Peter holds up a thumb before getting out onto the balcony. Just some quiet crime-fighting for the weekend, it sounds relaxing. Peter lets out a happy sigh when he swings through the streets. If he’d been wearing no mask, the wind would have been chilling the skin of his face.
At one point, someone tapped her shoulder and started gargling, which led to Yaël almost ramming her fingers into his throat because she thought he was choking. Luckily Korg stopped her and, eh, talked? Talked to the man instead. Everyone seemed to think Yaël was Korg’s right hand, while he had been leading this whole thing. Yaël tried to back off a few times, disappear in the big group, but they always pushed her forward again.
“I don’t need sleep,” Tony muttered. The yawn that came afterwards betrayed him, though.
sad to see he’s not wearing his uniform, but then again why would he have been? It’s not like either of them have been called into action a lot, lately.
He can joke all he want, and try to put on a mask – eh, figuratively speaking of course – to hide his emotions, but he can’t deny that there are a few important questions that are hanging in the air.
FRIDAY continues. Michelle then looks down and sighs again, giving Peter another glare before getting out of the elevator. As she steps away, Peter quickly jumps inside, watching the doors close before he can even push the button.
So he tries to be gentle. He calls him the moment he walks out of the school. Happy is driving, so Tony is sitting in the back. He holds up his phone, front camera having a clear view of his face.
Steve gets out of bed as well. He walks towards Tony, takes his arms into his hands, and gently shakes him.
“I’M NOT LEAVING WITHOUT MY SON!”
Peter sighs, rolls his eyes and then does the exact opposite of what he wants to do.
“It’s alright. I’m surely just overreacting like you said,” he returns, turning back towards the door.
“The guy’s too unpredictable, we need to bring him in as soon as we can.”
“Uh, in forty minutes.” Yaël looked up. Wait, so why did he come to her?
May suggests. Peter rolls his eyes.
“There’s a bathroom right behind you. Most people use these when they feel the urge of taking off their clothes.”Of course, Wanda’s reply was more morally correct than Yaël’s, but yet she deserved a high-five from Yaël for dissing Peter. The teenager glanced at them sarcastically while continuing to put the suit on.
“You’re back.” It was just a whisper, but Yaël immediately recognized the voice coming from behind her.
FRIDAY suddenly says, interrupting Tony’s peace. He sighs, rubbing his forehead and wondering when this day will just end.
“Aunt May!” Peter suddenly finds himself calling out when the frustration just gets too much and there’s nothing else he can think of. Of course, he hasn’t even told her he’s even considering going back to college. The whole reason he’s even doing this is because he got that interview with Stark to get to know the guy a bit better after finding out he’s his dad! Holy crap, how is this even his life?
Johnny doesn’t respond to that, but just keeps staring. It’s a little bit unnerving, Peter finds, but he doesn’t mention it. Instead he clears his throat and puts on his coat. Grabbing his cellphone back from where he’d thrown it on the bed, he opens up his arms and gives Johnny a questioning look.
Before any of them can engage in the attack, a green light surrounds them. Peter looks around him, confused and suddenly scared. What’s happening? What’s Mordo going to do?!
Tony must say he’s quite impressed, really.
Sorry! I've been gone a little while due to the exams. My first one was today, and though it absorbed every bit of free time I had left, it still didn't go well. So, as a get better, I made another part of the incorrect quotes since that kind of brightens my day a bit!
“AREN’T THEY ADORABLE??!!” she shouts, and once again the crowd starts cheering. Steve, next to him, clears his throat. Peter just takes a shaky breath.
Without the medications holding him back, Peter feels freer than ever. A girl from a grade higher than him asks him if he wants to dance. He nods and joins her, getting another bottle of beer pushed in the hands. He drinks from it, but doesn’t enjoy the taste at all. It’s bitter, bites at his tongue. But everybody’s doing it, and Peter’s not going back to being the loser of the school!
“Can you at least tell me what he did?” Tony asks after entering another hallway that seems to lead to nowhere. Strange isn’t wearing his red cloak. In fact, he looks like he’s just dressed in lazy-clothing, as if he was planning his day to be less interesting, as well.
“But-“ Tony starts, only for Mary to step forward and put her hands onto Tony’s mouth.
“Dude, I think you got him fired!” Yaël said as they took the cab back to her apartment. Wade shrugged.
It’s best not to dwell on it. Peter takes his first step inside of the penthouse, looking around and seeing what looks like a wreckage – as if the Hulk had been walking around here and stumbled against everything. Peter’s mouth falls open, surprised at how completely different it looks from the last time he’s been here.
For a second, she thought Loki was going to yell at her, looking at his clenched jaw. But for some reason, he relaxed and spoke to her calmly.
It’s weird to see them work so good together, but on the other hand Tony finds some relief in it as well; there aren’t many who are able (or willing) to work with the bot. Others have even suggested tuning up his programming, but Tony has always disagreed to that. Changing his programming would change the Bot. It wouldn’t be Dum-E anymore.
“Don’t worry, you don’t need to do paperwork. I’ve got my
“Friends?” Peter wonders out loud. He drops his phone at last to look behind him.
“Eh, not really. Well, I haven’t really met him face to face yet…” Logan, or Wolverine, whatever you prefer, hung around the school every now and then. Yaël had already seen him from afar a few times, but they have never spoken to each other yet.
When he hears somebody clears his throat further away, he is quick in putting it back, cheeks reddened.
Peter waves at the rest of the team, smiling back at Wanda who winks at him. Once most of the people are outside, Peter feels like there’s a whole lot more air to breathe in here. Tony looks less tense, as well. Especially now that Steve is standing behind him, his hands on Tony’s shoulder.
“You know, there’s nothing wrong with some time apart once or twice. Healthy couples argue a lot, after all,” Nakia says, giving T’Challa a loving look that makes even Tony want to look away. He clears his throat, eyes stuck on the floor.
“Shit, not only did I just practically threw that into your face, but I also just spoiled Superman’s origins for you!”
“But?” Peter asks, knowing it’s coming.
“Okay, that’s enough!” Peter calls out, taking an angry step forward towards Harry.
Is he shouting? He doesn’t even know. His whole body hurts, his fingers searching all over Peter’s neck, trying to find anything that might prove as a sign of life. But there’s nothing. Peter’s whole body is limp, lifeless.
FRIDAY returns, this time outside of his head.
“No way.” Johnny is slumping in his seat, clearly unhappy with the sudden turn of events. “Is this because of the crap that happened in Lagos? I mean, it’s bad, of course, but it’s not our fault!”
She guesses none of them will actually grow up one day. Eventually, she nods towards Steve, who nods in return. Then the two of them get out of the kitchen, clearly tired of the awkwardness in the room. They need a good sparring after this.
FRIDAY offers him. “
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Tony tells him genuinely, earning him a small nod from the teenager. “How would you describe your living-situation?”
“You guys really do that, don’t you? Using sex as leverage?” he asks playfully. Steve’s cheeks then turn red, even more embarrassed than earlier. “Peter, your dads are adorable.”
God, Peter… Tony had been so scared when FRIDAY told them Peter had been heading towards the secluded ward they’ve put together for cases like Harry. It’d been Steve who realized he’d been gone longer than he should have – another piece of proof that Steve would be a much better parent to Peter than Tony is.
Tony looks up at his cousin. He doesn’t really think it’s a good idea to keep it quiet.
Peter shrugs. “Ah, you know, some sightseeing. It’s never dull here in Switzerland,” he says. The two women start laughing again. After that, he listens to their stories about their missions in the past. He feels good, his Dad is about to be better, too.
Besides, they don’t need to see her smugness over the fact that she was right all along.
“If he asks after it specifically,” Peter returns. “He’s otherwise engaged, right now. He won’t be asking.”
Also, in the first chapter you will see a list of upcoming other timestamps!
“Why would you help me, Wanda?” Peter then asks. Wanda lifts up the corners of her lips for just a moment before starting to walk away again.
“And your father?”
Chapter warnings:
“Alright, now give me everything about this world,” he mutters out. In front of his closed eyes, the overflow of information comes. He could have done this without the AI, but clearly Tony has his priorities straight.
” Harry asks, sounding happy the moment he picks up. Peter smiles lightly but it disappears again immediately. He clears his throat, suddenly feeling guilty that he’s not just calling to have a nice chat.
“Ask your boyfriend, Stark,” he returns. Tony snorts, crossing his arms.
“Is it Tony? Because, really, you can tell me, Steve,” Peter continues, trying to get more out of the man.
“Peter! You look horrible!” Pepper suddenly says as she walks into his room. Not having looked at his reflection in the mirror, Peter figures that he might be looking extremely tired or something like that. He simply shrugs.
“Just about a minute ago. Steve, what’s going on? Why are these idiots laughing their asses off?” Peter asks, pointing towards the colonel and the sergeant on the couch. Just as they’re about to regain themselves, they notice Steve standing there and start up another laughing fit.
“How did you-?”
He’s not really looking forward on going back inside again, remembering the last time he was there he helped Gwen escape from the security guards about half a year ago. It’s the place where Dr. Connors tried to turn everybody into lizards. It’s where he was bitten by a Spider now a little longer than a year ago, genetically engineered by his father.
“A good friend of Peter’s,” Tony says. Then he nods towards Peter’s room. “FRI tells me he’s stabilizing. Why are you all standing here looking sad? We should celebrate!”
“Tony, I-“ Starkput his hand in the air to stop Steve in the middle of his sentence.
“Cut the crap, Tony, how bad is it?” Steve asks, throwing his own helmet on the ground next to Tony, along with his shield. When he’s kneeling down as well, he takes Tony’s face into his hands to inspect him. “Can you see me clearly?”
Just like Ms. Tenson… and that guys from McDonald’s.
He’s not all that surprised when he sees the man opening up the door with the biggest but ugliest smile ever. “Parker and pizza, best combination ever!” the guy almost sings, practically dragging Peter inside. Peter tries not to look too panicked, instead standing his ground and taking a deep breath to remain calm. After spotting a small table to his right, Peter walks up to there to drop the boxes, then turning back around towards Creepy Stalker Guy.
A bit later, Brunnhilde walked in, with a bottle filled with something that was clearly not a drink for children.
“Wade, stop it, you’re freaking me out.” Yaël muttered. She’d never understand how this guy’s brain works, but it surely was freaking creepy.
But while Bruce left the lab sometimes to get some food into him, Tony didn’t. The others didn’t exactly pay attention about it, but Steve did. That was why he often prepared an extra tray of food and brought it down to the lab.
“I feel like you’ve changed, Peter. How much time have I lost?”
“Couldn’t you just, I don’t know, use your telekinetic powers for opening doors?” Peter asks when they get out of the room again. Wanda shakes her head and takes his hand to make him follow her. Though Peter can’t place one hallway from the others, Wanda does seem to know where she wants to go, and as it turns out that’s exactly where Peter just came from. They pass Dr. Cho’s office again, and follow the end of the hallway until they get to an obviously locked door.
Wait…
” Yikes! Yaël surely hoped that that was pure drunken blabbering and not real feelings coming out of a deep drawer in Peter’s heart.
“I’m not sure I should leave you alone, Peter,” Mantis starts. Peter just shakes his head.
Lopt just threw his hands in the air and grunted. He picked up a few dry branches and threw them in the fire. After grumpily poking around in the flames a bit, he seemed to cool off. He got back up and picked up a blanket. Yaël was pretty sure he wasn’t going to talk to her anymore and was just going to sleep. But he didn’t, instead he came to her, carefully spread the blanket over her, which made her just roll her eyes as she was thinking it was becoming his mission to let her boil up. Yaël refused to look up or thank him.
just saw their home being destroyed by… a meteor? What was it even? Peter turns towards MJ and gives her hand a tug. In return, he gets a questioning glance.
as well.
” Tony asks. Peter rolls his eyes.
“No, do you?” she asked him to pay him back. Steve wiggled his hand, a sign to say that he knew a bit about it, but not enough to explain it to her. They both fell into laughter.
Miles looks up at his uncle, not needing too much prompting to smile.
Someone yelled his name. Steve blinked and looked behind him.
Harry nods, giving the teacher a grin.
“Steve?” he asks, just to be sure. The figure nods.
“Why don’t you try getting your brush by using your powers?” he said casually while he was still baking. A string of water was already bringing her brush before the guy could even look up.
“Yaël, sweet honey-“ Wade looked a bit frightened.
of privacy, no?” Tony complains. Pepper rolls her eyes before turning around and walking towards the door.
And Steve had blushed at that. “Uh, thanks,” he muttered. Once the chair was in front of Tony’s bed – Tony’s extremely
Tony rarely looked up from his screen, but as he ate he started explaining some things to Steve. Things he wouldn’t even try to begin to understand. Instead, he just nodded and smiled at Tony.
But Thor doesn’t do the speech. Instead, he seems to speak from the heart.
He doesn’t finish that thought, not wanting to cry again with this idiot on the ground being this close. “
not going to cut my hair!” Yaël barked at the old man, who, as a response to Yaël’s aggressive behaviour, started up the machine by pushing some buttons on it. He laughed as there came even more scissors and shaving machines out of the thing, moving around like they were going to murder Yaël, instead of cutting her hair.
“Tony?” Natasha asks, suddenly worried.
Tony lets out a heavy breath but nods as he holds out his hand towards Bruce. Wordlessly, he pulls him back onto his feet before nodding to the side.
“Don’t worry, I think we’ve all learned our lesson,” Tony jokes back at him. He waves at the three making their way out, dropping on the couch the moment the door closes behind them. Then, there’s a relieved sigh coming out of his mouth.
!” The man was wearing blue, red and gold garments, had blue lines under his eyes and one running over his chin.
“-last time Wanda heard her was like four days before Steve and I found her, so she’s been like this for eight days already and she still isn’t looking any better!” Wade said, he sounded a bit pissed off.
“Yup, got it in one,” Tony says laughingly. “I’m thinking about making you one as well, but knowing your luck I’m also afraid you might accidentally shoot yourself with it.”
instead. As the smoke slowly subsides, Peter can also see Cap standing further away, talking to Yaël in a hurry. He frowns, wondering what that’s all about. But before he can do anything more, he feels a cold shudder pass through his entire body. Something incoming, from his right.
After half an hour, Stark stormed into the building without bothering to ring the doorbell or knocking on the door. No, he just smashed the door open and ran towards his son, wrapping his arms around Peter as soon as Stark reached him. The son dug himself more into his father’s embrace and Yaël felt the lump only growing bigger. She shouldn’t be watching this, it was a private moment, so she walked to her bedroom, closing the door behind her, waiting for the sound of the front door getting pulled shut.
“I have to go help them out.” He said to Yaël, already turning around. Yaël nodded, of course he had to… he was
“You really want me to sit in a tiny little airplane? That sounds like disaster on a stick…”
“Listen, Tony, we’re going to have to talk about this, seriously. But not today,” Pepper finally says. She pulls him back up on his feet and pushes him towards the bathroom where Rhodey apparently already started up the shower.
“You tell me; The kid found you lying in your own puke in the bathroom and called for an ambulance. Nobody knows what happened, but you. And FRIDAY, but she’s being vague and unhelpful as ever,” Happy says, shrugging at that last fact. Tony clears his throat, trying to ignore the uneasy feeling of the tube.
So, everything was actually in Fury’s hands… Great!
Cure for Wellness: The doctors are put in front of a mystery when it comes to the matter of the Green Goblin
“So, you really forgot everything, did you?” Yaël didn’t answer, but she suddenly saw the woman standing in a forest. She had visited Yaël in a dream already, but Yaël had chosen to focus on another element back then and now she didn’t remember this woman, just like she hadn’t remembered Clint. Maybe it was her fault, for not choosing to focus on her back then in that dream, but these dreams had been so unpredictable and after she had chosen to follow Loki, the other hadn’t come back anymore, like Loki had completely taken over the dream-world.
The keeper looks at Mrs. Cooper with a shrug, not seeming all that intent on keeping Peter here. The woman stays quiet for a long time, but eventually sighs as she looks down. Then she shrugs.
“I didn’t join the fight! What do you want me to do, evaluate you through what I’m hearing there? Besides, the kid needed me more than you did!”
They quickly heard the sound of hooves against mud and leaves.
With shaky hands he picks it up without thinking too much about it. He rubs his eyes as he slurs out a greeting.
“Right. And what about Johnny? When is he moving in?” he asks, starting to distribute the meat May prepared. If Peter wouldn’t know better, he would have thought Steve would be the father of the house here.
“I literally have no idea what you’re talking about, guys…” he confesses.
Peter’s still in his suit when he wakes up in his bed. He groans, already hating the headache before he even opens his eyes. There’s a nasty feeling in his stomach, the stench of alcohol strong on him.
“Yeah, you try having a teenager. They’re lots of trouble,” Tony mutters.
“Wait, then how did you know it wasn’t with me?” Peter asks, starting to get annoyed anyway. It’s too early in the morning for this shit.
long, either.
“Did you know?” he asks, because he needs to know. He
She always opens the door personally, giving him a wide smile and pointing towards the chair. Peter nods at her, raising his hand with the apple in it and follows her instructions.
“Not at all, what’s the problem?” Tony assures him.
It’s like a lot of things have happened today. His first worry – though also feeling of relief – came when Peter reached out for him with the message that he needed Tony to look something over. After more than two weeks of silence, it came to a large surprise for him that Peter would just… ask for his help.
,” FRIDAY clarifies, and Tony clears his voice once more before nodding, waiting for the screen on the desk to light up. Then Mary’s familiar face suddenly fills the glass. She looks a little bit older than how he remembers her, but not much.
Chapter warning:
“Alright, I’ll be back in a few hours,” Peter says. Steve nods.
“Ah, well, X and Fury told me not to watch the news, fearing it might trouble my mind or whatever their crappy excuse was to keep me out of the world…”
Sam, who is a soldier much like Rhodey, seems just as interested about this like him. Tony can’t see his face, but the way he’s not fidgeting around is indication enough to Tony that he’s paying close attention. When Ross starts to talk about what the world owes to the Avengers, he shifts a bit in his seat, giving Steve a short glance before turning back to Ross. Clint, on the head of the table, seems about ready to fall asleep. Tony can’t see his face, but he’s pretty sure he’s already gone.
- Thor Ragnarok spoilers
“Cool ammiright?”
Having thought of the card this time, he swing it in front of the door to the balcony and it opens immediately without needing Peter to do another embarrassing speech to his father. He pulls off his mask, crashes down on the couch and starts up the television.
“Karen, you finished?” he asks.
“It’s disturbing how they just keep on killing that little kid!” Steve remarks. Peter and Tony both roll their eyes at him. Then Peter comes to stand behind him on the couch, knocking him a bit on the head.
“Can you make sure he doesn’t do something stupid?”
“Yaël!” she almost jumped out of her wheelchair when Brunnhilde called her. “There you are! Are you ready for the meeting? We’re going to have dinner first and damn I hope they found some good stuff to drink on this ship!”
“I’m peachy,” Tony returns dryly. “Though I figure you would be tired, after all that patrolling the entire night.”
you can draw like this just from memory? Such unfair.”
“She took the codename Element – thought we could get in trouble if we called her ‘Avatar’ so we didn’t use that opportunity. But after a while, she pulled a Phoenix on us. She lost control, the Hulk had to take her out. She lost her memories ever since and somehow befriended both Deadpool and my Son.”
It sounds like a lot of fun, anyway.
Tony closes his eyes. He’s rubbing his chest anyway.
When he didn’t do that in her feverish nightmares, Raido just stood in front of her, tears running over his cheeks, asking her why she actually killed him. But she didn’t kill him, right? Not that she remembered, at least.
quinjet and disappeared with it. And he knows he can track it down eventually, but in all honesty, Tony can’t bring himself to do that.
“You ever planning on doing something like this?” Steve asks. Bucky’s eyes open wide in his surprise, but then he clears his throat. Natasha, too, seems to avert her eyes.
“I know, Dad. But you need to start somewhere.” Peter then turns to Steve. “You, too. Just… talk. That’s always been your issue. You two never really talk. Every time you’ve argued in the past, you just fix it with actions but never words.”
“He’s- uh…” and Steve stars explaining what Peter all told him. He lets it all out of his chest; the phone calls he’s been making, the urgency in which Tony wanted to hang up with him, the disappointment in Peter’s voice. He lets it all out. And Wanda puts her hand on his shoulder and squeezes it. Sam moves forward and does the same.
“You two are obnoxious,” Peter mutters back, jumping off his stool and getting his bag off the ground. “I’m patrolling tonight. See you later!”
“Right, this will do. What does it taste like?” she asked while preparing her first scoop.
Thanks for reading, enjoy the summer!
It’s his badge…? Did she come back here to return it? Did she pass out before she could even do it?
“Yeah, I’m alright,” Peter assures him. He can’t see Steve react to it.
Yaël didn’t have to think for long before she nodded.
“Uh, bitten by a radioactive spider at Oscorp is all I can give about my superhero origin-story,” Peter shrugs. “But if it’s alright with you, I need to head back towards the workshop; still need to work, even if my boss is my father.”
Tony nods. “That’s why you arrived at the tower through the front door instead of the balcony,” Tony points out. Peter makes an affirmative movement. He forces himself up into a sitting position, pressing a hand on his chest while he tries to take deep breaths.
“As long as you haven’t explicitly said ‘Steve, I’m breaking up with you’, we are not over.”
Tony doesn’t respond. Steve sighs.
With that, Shuri puts down the tablet she’d been using to explain to Rhodey how she’s going to help him and heads into the direction Peter was going.  For a second, Tony wonders if he should be the one to check on Peter. Then he decides that if Peter needs him, he’ll find him eventually. Tony stays seated on his spot of the couch and turns back to his guests, only to raise his eyebrows when he notices them all staring at him.
“I’m not surprised,” Clint laughs out. “Listen, kid, I would suggest asking the supreme Tonypedia of them all. The one who has been buying him gifts for the past ten years or so?”
“Wake up,” Mantis whispers towards her, and slowly but surely, Felicia’s eyes open up. She blinks a few times, getting out of her slumber. She looks horrible and exhausted.
Yaël tried to focus on the details of her own movements as she was walking. Like the way her feet touched the ground or the way her arms moved during it. She intended to make the two ‘people’ she created out of water and fire work as smoothly as possible. As she scratched her chin while she was thinking about how she’d manage to make them as fluent as a living and breathing person.
“Can’t you read that in my head? And what do you want me to call you? X? ”
“Yes, you are.”
Writing has been getting a bit better again! Hurray! I missed last week's mid-week posting because I ran a chapter short, but this time I have a few more written down! So here you go, some more actual shit. I'm sorry. I'm still sick, my ears are constantly ringing and I've been listening to the Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash on repeat.
“You guys know this was a gigantic failure, right?” Natasha asks, putting her hands on her hips. Everybody startles upon her reaction, surprised at the sudden outburst coming from the normally calm Natasha Romanoff.
“Steve,” Tony nods, responding curtly again. Peter rolls his eyes and Steve sighs.
“I think you’ll have to repeat this preach you just gave me every now and then…” Steve pulled Yaël out of her thoughts.
“Oh, I’m sorry for mentioning that, then,” he says, actually sounding apologetic. Peter just shakes his head and waves it off.
“Ever been to Germany?”
“He died-“
After that, there’s Luis and Rita, the twin-exchange students from Peru who started this group as a school project and stuck with it even after they’ve graduated. Luis is trying to do something in politics, though what exactly Peter wouldn’t know. Rita switched major and ended up teaching instead. Now she’s happily married with another woman and has only recently announced they’re going to have a baby.
Wade nodded quickly. “Yes, my German butterfly, I’ll buy you the fanciest plates ever made.” He answered her demand with some fear in his eyes. Yaël wasn’t sure if he was acting or not, but she didn’t care.
It’s the annoying stalking guy.
“You’re hopeless,” Steve mutters into his ear. Tony rolls his eyes, taking a quick sniff in the air to find out what they’re going to eat.
noticed a lack of big crimes lately, often finding himself just chilling out on the roof with only Karen to keep him entertained.
Peter hates being the delivery-boy.
“It’s alright, I’ll get some sense into him,” Peter jokes. He doesn’t really want Steve to hang up, but it’s inevitable now. If Steve needs to go, he needs to go.
“Possibly, yeah,” Peter says. After that, he starts explaining. Not just everything from yesterday, but everything else that has been bothering him. It helps a bit, to get everything out. It would have helped more if Harry would have actually been here. Peter feels a whole lot more relieved after he’s finished with the last word.
“Talk to him, I guess. I don’t think you’re able to hide your feelings, are you?”
A guard takes Steve along. He’s hesitant when he receives a murderous glare from the Winter Soldier, but he does his job anyway. Steve gives Peter a faint smile when they pass each other. Then he’s gone, too. Wanda and Sam take the Soldier with them, followed by T’Challa. Natasha and Bruce then leave, too.
Is this how the guy usually spends his Sundays?
“Are you alright, handsome?” the girl asks. Peter picks up his books and then comes back up, holding out his hand.
“I think to make me control my impulses more, like this phone call, for instance.”
“FUCK!” Yaël cursed loudly as she threw the coat on the floor and started stomping on it. Then she suddenly got attacked by a hard sting in her shoulder. Yaël hissed and turned around, but there was no one. So she touched her shoulder and noticed a piece of her clothing was burned away and the hole showed a red, sore, burned off piece of flesh with a few strings of the burned fabric sticking into it. Bloody hell, she just healed from the former wounds and within just a split-second, Nilla managed to damage Yaël again.
“Nice to meet you, Toby and Andrew. How about we get you two out of here now, alright? Toby, I’ll lower you down. After you’re on the ground I’ll come down with your little brother. What do you say?”
“You can fill in this paper now, or you can bring it back later this week. There’s no deadline, really, but I’m sure you’ll want it finished before you’ll start college, am I right?” Tony forces out another smile. His body just feels exhausted right now, and all he wants at this moment is to lie down in his bed and stare at the ceiling. Rather with Pepper at his side, but he can’t have everything now, right?
“Ah,” Yaël huffed a bit dumbly, unable to think anymore. “That must be Surtur.”
Then the King claps his hands together to get everybody’s attention. A few members of the UN whisper something in his ear as they stand next to him. The King nods and turns to everybody.
“Nope. It’ll still be here when Pepper and Steve aren’t so close to strangling you.”
“What way is this?” asks Tony; his tone is nonchalant, but Steve can see his nervousness.
he thinks but doesn't say. “Door's open.”
? He knew Howard could have been harsher than needed, but he would never have imagined Howard being so cruel to his own son. He swallows past the thick lump in his throat, rage and bile rising to the surface.
The quartet doesn’t move until Peter’s breath lets out in a shuddering puff and he’s completely asleep; Pepper and Tony exit the room silently, and Steve pulls the door nearly shut, leaving a strip of light to illuminate the room beyond. Tony tugs on Pepper’s hand, guiding her into a tight embrace.
“I really, really don’t want to talk about this right now, Tony.”
“I'm fine.”
“Yeah, I could see that,” chuckles the super-soldier, moving to stand behind Tony; he wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, pulls gently until their bodies are lined up. “What are you thinking about?”
“Not Pierce, obviously, but Tony. You should ask him out.”
“This is Blue. I’ve had him since I was about your age. My ma gave him to me, and I’ve loved him this whole time. So, yes, really. Stuffies aren’t just for babies.”
? That your brother, who’s already tried destroying this world once, isn’t capable of-of fucking us over again? Because I, I, I don’t believe that for a second. This was supposed to be
“She’s right, Tony,” murmurs Steve, staring at his feet.
But this… This is beauty and ecstasy, pleasure and love, everything good Steve has ever felt, all wrapped up and overwhelming in the best ways. His hands brace against Tony's shoulders as his thighs start trembling, aching with exertion, but he doesn't stop moving, doesn't stop impaling himself on Tony's cock. He gasps and whimpers, cries out, at each slick slide. Tony drags his palms over the top of Steve's thighs, before Steve finds himself nearly bursting into tears when fingers wrap solidly around his erection, tugging and stroking and teasing, until the pleasure builds up and explodes deep in his gut, spreads along his nerves. He opens his eyes and could almost come again just at the sight of the mess on Tony's stomach and chest, the vivid white-blue of the arc reactor interrupted by stripes of cum. Tony grins up at him, but the smile leeches away and turns to an open-mouthed, wordless shout when Steve pushes himself down with a little more force, squeezing the hard length that's currently deep inside of him. Tony shifts, pushes against Steve with strong thighs, and Steve's back hits the mattress. Tony speeds up the pace but still stares at Steve with an intensity that sends a consuming warmth through Steve.
“What would the conditions be?”
"You have a spectacular bruise."
“I shall remind you of this the next time you threaten to set fire to my server banks. Sir,” adds JARVIS almost like an afterthought, and Tony laughs as his chest fills with pride at the snark in the AI’s tone.
starts playing softly in the background, and Tony lets the piano and Steve’s warmth lull him to sleep.
Tony gives the room another long look then turns away from the dim shadows. When the elevator stops, he hesitates, just a breath’s length, but steps off the lift anyway. He stops in the doorway to the gym, watches as Steve pummels a heavy bag over and over. His shirt clings to his skin, emphasising the ripples of his muscles as he jabs, crosses, right hooks. The sound of fists meeting canvas echoes eerily in the large space; the slick shine to his skin is the only sign that he’s exerting any amount of energy. Tony stays silent, leans against the wall, and waits.
"Clint, call Coulson, please. Make sure he doesn't try to involve Fury or Hill. I want this kept in-house. Get in touch with Ms Potts, Natasha, and see if she'll bring a few of their legal team along, if you're okay with that, Tony?”
“And what time didja get to sleep?” asks Bucky with a not-so-subtle wink, voice laden with implication.
hungover. I can deal. Steve, seriously, you’ve been thinking a lot lately–”
“It's...it's fine, Tony. Why are you even here?”
to have it instead of his own son? Maybe Tony’s lying, Steve’s brain whispers, though he doesn’t believe himself. He grabs onto that reasoning, however; he has too much on his mind as it is to chase the white rabbit down that particular hole. He has done well to avoid thinking about the Triskelion falling, HYDRA being in SHIELD all the way to the core, Fury’s “death”... Bucky being alive. But now that he’s finally alone, no one around except for an omnipresent AI system, it all comes rushing to the forefront of his mind. Anger and betrayal war deep inside of him with pain and grief and helplessness. He can’t believe that Bucky has been in HYDRA’s hands for seventy years, and no one knew. No one knew which means no one tried to save him.
“This is what I’m good at, Tony. This is...this is what I was made for. To fight. To win. I can’t just...lay down the shield and disappear into the woods.”
“Shut up and eat your food, old man.”
“Then at least it would get you out of the Tower.” Natasha cocked an eyebrow at him and Steve felt something cold run down his spine. He hadn’t done anything wrong. Well, not really. But the look that Natasha had fixed him with made him feel like he was being scolded by one of the sisters for fighting.
“I know that you don’t follow orders blindly. Which is what Fury and the WSC are hoping for. And I know that you aren’t the all-American golden boy that the public wants.” The elevator doors slid open and Steve stepped off. She followed behind him. “Come on, Steve. Let me buy you lunch.” He sighed. He didn’t have any reason to refuse but he wasn’t sure he wanted to endure an entire lunch of Natasha Romanoff trying to dissect him.
“You are. And you still will be. But we don’t need the Avengers on a weekly basis. Hell, I’m hoping we’ll never need them again. That isn’t likely to happen, though. Still, a monthly meeting outside of world ending crisis should be plenty to keep the team afloat.”
“Wow. I don’t even know how to feel about that.” Tony shook his head and got on one of the treadmills.
Christ, Tony. What the hell was Steve gonna do about that? Tony was the reason he was here this early. He hadn’t slept in about 24 hours. Not since Tony had gone to bed the night before. That conversation had been too indulgent. Steve should have kept a safe but friendly distance. Physically and emotionally. But he hadn’t. He had let Tony get too close. And now he was paying for it. Like he hadn’t paid for it since he was a teenager.
“You’re just hilarious.”
“You know, sleep could help with that too.” Steve waited for the lightning to strike him.
“I am out of time. I’m out of place. I don’t belong here, with you and Bruce. Maybe the world needed Captain America 70 years ago. But not now. The world has you. I was trained to fight a war. They never taught me how to make peace.”
“JARVIS? When did Steve last get some sleep?” Bruce kept his eyes on Steve.
“Steve?” Tony held the glass out to him again. He looked concerned. The first glass of whiskey had given his cheeks a nice dusting of pink. Steve swallowed. He wasn’t unfamiliar with this feeling. But it had been easier back in the 30s and 40s. Back when he could never act on these feelings. And he had never been attracted to a man that was in his command. Sure, there had been rumors about him and Bucky but he had grown up with Bucky. He was too much like a brother, like family. Everything about Tony was different.
“So, what did Solid Snake want?”
“Steve--” Bruce started but Tony cut him off.
“Maybe.” Steve leaned back from the bag. He knew he wouldn’t sleep. But he couldn’t stay here and keep smashing Johnny’s bags either. “Thanks, Johnny. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“We’re not talking about my sleeping habits, Cap, we’re talking about yours.”
“I mean, not those specifically. But like, we should do stuff. Watch movies, go to dinner, get your hair cut.” Tony ran his hand up the back of Steve’s neck and into his hair. This seemed like it may be crossing the line from friendly into...what exactly? “It‘s a little old-fashioned.”
“...All right, soldier. Guess I’ll see you later today.” Tony hesitated before he grabbed Steve in another quick hug and then headed to the stairs. “I’ll put on the suit and we’ll go a few rounds.”
“...His first name is Captain, Pep, please.”
“With all due respect, sir, you don’t need Captain America running a SHIELD strike team. I’m vastly overqualified.”
“Bruce. Tony. ...2012.”
“Colonel James Rhodes?”
“How are you dealing, Cap?” Steve could feel Tony’s gaze on him and finally turned to look at him.
“Nazi Germany.” His voice was a little rough but he grinned at Tony, who was shaking his head.
“I’m no good to anybody anymore. I can’t hear a treadmill without thinking of overhead planes. That day it snowed...it took me right back to Germany. And I couldn’t...I can’t even face the man that I’ve been having impure thoughts about. How am I supposed to face the things I can’t run away from?”
“And I will pay you back.” Steve carefully handed each item of clothing to the wide-eyed sales girl.
“What now?” Steve looked up at him and for once, he felt like a kid. He didn’t feel like he was 92 anymore. He felt like he was 24 and had just fucked up royally and wanted someone older and wiser and smarter to tell him how to fix it.
“I’m not going to Congress, Tony. Besides, I haven’t even decided if I’m going or not.” Steve crossed his arms and leaned against the elevator wall. JARVIS had started the elevator for the penthouse without either of them saying anything.
“I’m right here, Steve. You’re okay.” Tony took Steve’s hands in his and squeezed. “Let’s sit down, okay?” Steve nodded and Tony lead him over to a window bench.
“Not so young. 93 years old.”
“I’m sorry, Natasha. It’s just...I never thought about it.” Steve finally shook his head, the laughter fading. “I guess I’m not really qualified for anything else anyhow.”
“Steve. You can call me Steve.”
“...Treadmill. Sounded like...planes overhead.”
Okay, so this was bad. Potentially very, very bad. Or it could be totally fine. But knowing Tony’s luck...it was bad. For now he was chalking it up to a stupid crush. Or a resurgence of a stupid crush. After all, who hadn’t fallen in love with Captain America at least for a little bit? He was quite literally perfect. Of course, Tony knew better than most that before he was Captain America, Steve Rogers was almost perfect. The hair and the eyes and the sheer dumb determination. He had read Dr. Erskine’s file. He had heard the stories from his dad and from his Aunt Peggy. And the beautiful bastard was living up to all of it.
“It’s my way of saying that we all said stupid shit in that lab.” Steve heard ice meet glass. That was probably the closest he was going to get. Of course Steve had taken Tony’s jab at him on the Helicarrier personally. It was personal. How many times had he thought that someone else should have been given the serum? Someone better than he was. How many times had he thought it should have gone to Bucky? Maybe if it had, Bucky would still be... What the hell difference did it make whether Bucky had survived the war now? Steve was in 2012. Bucky would have been dead by now anyway.
Steve took more of Tony into his mouth, sucking on the head of his cock. The rest of Tony tasted a lot like his lips had. Oil, sunshine, the ocean. He tasted the way he felt. Warm. Safe. So fucking good.
“Talk about what?”
“I don’t know what that even means.” Steve allowed himself to be dragged behind Tony. The most he had seen of the penthouse was during the Battle of New York. Now, it was a lot cleaner and devoid of demi-gods trying to take over the planet. It was still too angular and modern for Steve’s tastes. Much like the whole building.
“And have you?”
The screen came to life and the aforementioned episode of an old tv series started. Steve did his best to relax and to pay attention. He could see what Tony meant about it being a little dated. Steve had seen enough of modern films and tv to know that this was definitely not cutting-edge stuff. But it felt familiar to him. The fallacies of what they believed awaited humanity in the future, the stilted special effects, the old set. It all felt safe and warm and familiar.
“They certainly think he does.” Natasha gave him a smile. “But I think we both know that you aren’t quite what people think. And the public, the WSC, and Fury are in for a surprise.”
“Of everything you plan to catch me up on?” Tony resisted the urge to smile.
“I promise you, it did not.”
“Panic attack?” Bruce walked over to them and crouched down in front of Steve.
Steve breathed in the chilled, early morning air. He almost missed the sting of it in his lungs. Almost. He loved the city like this. He could almost pretend that nothing had changed. Almost. Bright lights were hard to avoid in New York City. Even at this hour. It seemed fitting that Steve found himself running the streets of Manhattan. The city that never sleeps meet the man who slept too long. So long that he had found himself in a new world. A world where everything was different and yet the same.
“Yeah, I guess I need a fancy, new haircut to go with all of my fancy new clothes.” Steve still felt a little uncomfortable in the new clothes that Tony bought him. But Natasha and Bruce had both assured him that the clothes looked fine and he did not look ridiculous.
“I don’t know.” Tony breathed his answer, never taking his eyes away from Steve. “Can you believe it? I have absolutely no idea.” Tony pulled Steve to him and their lips met in another kiss. But this was different from the quick, furtive one that Steve had given Tony that day in the gym. This was entirely different.
“God, Steve, what the fuck...” Tony moaned and jerked his hips. “Just keep surprising me.” He tangled his hand in his hair and fucked into his mouth a few times before he was coming down Steve’s throat. Steve took it all and let Tony keep him right there for another minute or so. He was stroking his hair and trying to catch his breath.
“Of course you would. You’re you.” Tony sighed. “Look, I know I’m the last person who should be lecturing on mental health or a decent sleep schedule. I mean, we are both sitting out here at...J, what’s the time?”
“I’m sorry, sir, I thought I was already in charge of the Avengers.”
“I am, yeah.” Steve set his drink down and looked at a spot on the table. “You’re bein’ too good to me, Tony.”
“You should go to bed. Hard working being a billionaire, genius, philanthropist.”
“Too restless for that.” Tony turned and headed into the gym. “So, soldier, wanna test your strength against superior punching bags?”
“You. Fuck, Tony... Want you. Please.” His face was burning and he would probably feel ashamed about all of this later. Probably. Or it would fuel new dreams and nightmares. Because somewhere, in the back of his mind, in the part that was still able to think clearly, Tony was not his to keep.
“And you know what I am?” Steve didn’t mean for it to sound bitter but maybe that was unavoidable.
“Aside from the fact that he is...well, he’s too good for me. He’s got a girlfriend. And they’re happy and moving back to California.”
“Well, dear, we’re still keeping our relationship from the public.”
Steve placed his hand on the bag and took a deep breath. Tony had started running on the treadmill. The sound of the machine combined with the steady thud of Tony’s feet as he ran. Steve listened for a few seconds before landing the first blow, timed perfectly to Tony hitting the treadmill. He should try and pace himself. No need to go breaking the brand new, fancy punching bag. Keep pace with Tony and it should be fine.
“They didn’t even try to hide that it’s our love child.” Steve shook his head and took a drink of the whiskey. “Could have at least let us announce it. Name the damn thing.”
“Then what do you want to do?” She was watching him closely and it irked him. What did he want to do with his life? Jesus, he had never even thought about it. He started to laugh. “What is so funny?”
“What do you expect from a shady government agency? That’s why you’re at the Tower. With me and Bruce. We’re better people.” Steve laughed and Tony immediately felt better. Stupid crush.
“Tony?”
But Steve couldn’t stop laughing. It was all just so absurd. He was sitting across from an international spy in a sticky New York diner in 2012 and she was asking what he wanted to be when he grew up. The kicker was that he had never thought about his future because nobody expected him to have one. It was a miracle that he had lived long enough to become Captain America. And during the war they all talked about after but nobody knew for sure if there would be an after. Now here he was, 68 years later, with no plan. And he was supposed to be the man with the plan.
“I don’t wanna spoil anything, Cap. But I may have to start my own YouTube channel called ‘Captain America Reacts’. Like Kids React but so much better.”
“A list?”
“I did! It should be here in just a minute.” Tony gave him a smile and they both jumped a little when JARVIS spoke.
“Shall I alert Dr. Banner?”
“Or the Lord had other plans for you. He does--”
“That’s what the bags are for, right?” Johnny laughed as he poured himself a fresh cup of coffee. “Don’t sweat it, Steve. Like I said, we all been there. You take your time. I can tell that guy to go fuck himself.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice brought him out of his downward spiral of Oh Shit. He was looking at Tony a little puzzled. His brow furrowed slightly. The way it did when he was trying to solve a problem.
“Yeah, well he’d have to raise the dead for that.” Steve took a long drag off the cigarette. “Sorry, Johnny. I shouldn’t take this shit out on you.”
“...Fury pay you a visit too?”
“You weren’t the first thing on my list, Tony, but yeah. Of course I Googled you. Guess I thought that maybe since Howard was your dad you would...” Know who I was. “I’m surprised he settled down and got married. He never seemed like the type.”
“He wasn’t.” Tony finished his drink. “Eh, I guess he was an okay husband. Mom never complained much. He was a shit dad though.” He took the glass from Steve’s hand and finished his drink too.
“We should do this more often.“
“Not sure I want him to know that.” Steve sighed and collapsed to the side of Tony on the couch. They were silent for a few minutes and in those minutes, reality and the real world seemed to come crashing back in around them.
Bucky’s loud voice was heard before the man himself was seen. He dropped a tin of cookies on Steve’s desk, pressed a kiss to Clint’s rumpled hair, and headed across the hall to join the rest of his colleagues. Kate and Pietro were the last to show up. By that time, the clock read 8:30, and it was time to start the day. The office was full of all of them talking over one another, asking for advice on their work or hurling good-natured jabs at each other – especially Clint and Pietro, who’ve had some sort of competition between themselves since Pietro joined the crew. The actual animosity between the “old man” and the “smart-ass kid no one would miss” disappeared after Pietro proved his artistic talent when his first comic didn’t flop miserably, and they’ve been like siblings ever since.
Which is how Tony's ended up here in the communal living room feeling more uncomfortable than he's been in his entire life - including the time Mary Newton's whole family walked in on him with his face between her legs. Thor stands, leaning against the wall with a confused expression on his face. Sam is fighting a smile as he reclines in an armchair, Natasha on the arm with his hand on her waist. Clint perches on the back of the couch; even
“It’s always worth it if some dickhead gets what he deserves for making my child and his mother upset.”
“Then?”
“Okay. Follow me then.” She leads him through the corridors, steps confident. “Congratulations, sir.”
“Sir would like to know if you are planning on standing there all night, or if you would like to come in.”
Steve watches the way Tony's suit jacket clings to his shoulders, the subtle swing of his hips as he steps down the staircase. Nala meows plaintively on the second-floor landing, and Steve ducks down long enough to scratch behind her ear, continuing to follow Tony down the stairs and into the small underground parking garage. Tony stops next to his car, presses a hand to Steve's chest, and smiles widely.
. I've never heard of it."
“Good different?”
Steve can’t fight the laugh that bubbles up. He lowers himself to sit on the blanket in front of Tony, still chuckling, and Tony’s affronted expression certainly doesn’t help. Steve gently pulls Tony’s hand away from the arc reactor, links their fingers together.
“Yes, sir?”
"Evidently so. You know what this means, right?"
“Genetics, really. No plastic here.”
“I don’t want your money.”
A relieved sigh gusts from Steve when it’s announced that the Accords have been accepted, that the majority of the United Nations assembly approved of the steps the Avengers are taking to keep themselves under control. A few members had questioned whether it was truly safe for custody of Bucky to be in Tony Stark’s hands; Tony had merely smiled that that wicked smile of his that says he’s playing along but desperately wants to rip someone to shreds, and Steve hadn’t hesitated ー he’d stood, back ramrod straight, and told the committee that no one could be trusted more than Tony Stark, and it was entirely unacceptable that Tony’s heroism and trustworthiness were being called into question.
“I will. I really don't wanna go. Home tonight, I mean, but if I stay, there's no way I'd be able to get up in the morning.”
“I’m staying as long as you’ll have me, Tony,” Steve whispers against his lips. “You’re home. You’re my soulmate. You’re
“I. Want to bring. Spiderman. In. To the team.”
“You're kidding.”
“I’ve – I’ve got this, J, just, just dim the lights, wouldja?”
Steve laughs nervously. "Yeah, my ma and I used to watch it whenever I was sick as a kid. I didn't think about turning on cartoons for him. As I said, I'm not used to kids, so..."
“I’m not trying to discredit your childhood – or lack thereof – or anything you went through, but you, Natasha, are in the Top Three bravest, most loyal, most
“Absolutely. If you’re not getting hitched for dental, what even is the point?” He pauses; his fingers thread through Steve’s, squeezing tightly. “Let’s give it six months. Let the newlyweds bask in their newlyweddedness. Then we can announce it.”
“Who’s ‘we’?”
"I promise it's nothing bad."
tower?”
“You don't have to,” he says softly, and Tony's answering smile doesn't touch his eyes.
“Well, Pepper is a smart lady, and I may not be a genius like you, but I like to think I'm pretty intelligent, so maybe we're on to something, you just gotta, ya know, listen to us.”
“He was great. He’s asleep on the couch. Want me to wake him up for you?”
“Missed you, too, Pop. Daddy and Papa let me stay home today.”
“Are you sure?”
“And if we’re down a player for whatever reason,” interjects Tony, “I’m sure Rhodey will step in to help. Plus, JARVIS can control the suits, so we have those at – well, I was going to say ‘at our disposal,’ but I’d much rather not be disposing of them. They’re my babies.”
Before Steve leaves, she hands him a small, nondescript shopping bag.
“I don't expect anything different,” he replies, and she snorts inelegantly, clapping a hand over her mouth as she dissolves into giggles.
“How to shave.”
This catches Tony’s full attention, and he sits up in his seat and stares at Steve. Pepper’s eyes narrow, and Steve struggles to not squirm in the booth. He takes a steadying breath and explains what Peter said the other night; the more he talks, the more Tony vibrates next to him. Steve glances over and tries to refrain from rolling his eyes when he sees that Tony is struggling to not laugh. Phil, on the other hand, has no such compunction, though, thankfully, he keeps his laughter quiet. Pepper covers her mouth and coughs daintily, her blue eyes shimmering. Darcy eases plates onto the table silently and leaves them alone in their mirth.
“Good luck, Cap.”
Tony waves a hand dismissively. “Eh, he’ll learn to leave it alone eventually. Maybe. Well, at least it’s entertaining.”
“There is, unfortunately, well, your butt is not unfortunate, god, your ass is amazing, but in this case, the but
Steve finishes putting the leftover pizza in the refrigerator before turning to face the tiny child. “Uh, it is?”
“Oh, jeez.”
to be stabbing him directly in the brain, because pain like this just isn’t natural.
“I changed my mind for
“You did it. I’m so proud of you.”
Pepper kisses Steve's cheek, wipes away the lipstick print, and murmurs, “Thank you for taking care of my boys. And Steve? Make sure you keep reminding Tony that you love him. He tends to believe he's unlovable no matter how much we say otherwise.”
“Uh, Phil, it's great to see you. Again.”
Steve tears the page carefully from the sketchbook and folds it up. He writes Tony's name on the outside, places it on the coffee table. Once he's done washing the few dishes he's used, Steve gathers up his bag and shield and steps out into the hallway. He stops long enough to run a fingertip reverently, regretfully, over the shield in the door then pushes on.
“Yeah? What do you think is a fair price?”
“This is Steve, be nice to Steve, Darcy, he’s skittish.”
“Yeah. It's dumb. Not even my kid, and I was so worried about him.”
“That man deserved far more than a slap.”
“It wasn’t worth it,” sighs Pepper, sounding like she’s had this argument many times already.
“Can we have pizza?”
Steve snaps his teeth together. The room is doused in stunned silence after his shouted admission. Tony takes a deep breath, then another, then a third. Steve rolls onto his side away from Tony, away from the unreadable expression on his face. He feels the bed dip behind him; an arm drapes over his waist. The cold glass covering of the arc reactor presses against his back, and Tony curves his body along his.
Steve
“Here, let me.” Tony walks to the blond’s side and slowly unwraps his hands, wincing at the raw skin. “Oh, darling. I’m so sorry. I know I should’ve at least told you I needed a bit of space. There was just so much in my head, and I wasn’t thinking straight. But I think I’m ready for this conversation now.”
“Oh, my god, is Peter okay?”
“Sorry to wake you, sir, but there’s been a lot of noise complaints about your room. So, uh, could you please keep it down?”
Once he's paid and has the bag of food in his hand, Steve walks back home quickly. Drops of rain have started falling sporadically by the time he turns the corner of his street, coming down more quickly as he reaches the door to the apartment building. He sets the food on the kitchen counter, goes to the bathroom to run a towel over his hair, and changes swiftly into a pair of worn-in sweats and a t-shirt stained with paint splatters. He grabs his sketchbook off the dresser, opens it to a blank page, getting to work.
A quiet gasp breaks the silence of the room, and Tony grins as Pepper wipes away more tears. The rest of the team files in after her; Tony can smell the antiseptic foam from where he sits halfway across the room. Rhodey’s already sent congratulatory texts and his regrets that he couldn’t get time from the Air Force to be home with them. Clint and Thor are carrying chocolate cigars, all wrapped up in pink and blue foil. Coulson holds up his phone, silently asking for permission. Tony nods. Coulson’s been here since day one and has never so much considered telling Fury the truth about Loki being Captain America while Steve was pregnant – he hasn’t even used it as a
“Don’t.” Steve forced his sluggish body to move and he sat up. He gently took Tony’s wrist and pulled him away from his cock. Steve pushed him down onto the couch, hovering over him. “My turn. Wanna taste you.”
“Yeah, maybe.” Steve felt numb. He didn’t know what he had expected. Of course Tony wasn’t going to stay. What did Tony have to stick around for? Pepper was already back in Malibu. His company and his house and his actual friends. Steve shouldn’t be feeling so angry and betrayed. He had no right. Tony was not his. It had felt like it. For a brief and beautiful moment, holding each other in the harsh lights of the gym, Tony had been his.
“I’m sure Bruce would have. Hulk...not so much.” Steve wandered back over to the couch and dropped down beside Tony. Even now, dressed down and tired after a long day, Tony was beautiful. Steve looked him over and his eyes lingered a little too long on his lips. God, he could still feel those lips against his. Tony had tasted like coffee and oil and sunshine. Steve wanted to taste that again.
“Come on, I’m supposed to let Captain America stay in a shitty apartment, alone, with subpar electronics? What kind of American would I be?”
“Yeah.” Tony sighed. “Did you ever meet Patton? Dad always said he was a son of a bitch.”
“Yeah. Nothing like a one-way trip.” Steve closed his eyes and he could hear the ice cracking around him, the water rising. And darkness.
“You’ve got me, baby.” Tony kissed him again, exploring his mouth and biting his lower lip. “Tell me what you want. I know you know exactly what you want from me. Tell me and you can have it.” Steve was a mess. He couldn’t hardly think at all. He gripped Tony’s hips to still his movement and try to breathe. What did he want? What was he always dreaming about? Tony’s calloused hands on his hard cock.
“Well, you didn’t give me much choice. Is it typical of SHIELD to harass friends and family of potential recruits?”
The streets were familiar, laid out in a grid that he had memorized before he had an eidetic memory. Some of the old buildings remained standing right where he remembered them. But then there were things straight out of an old science fiction serial. Not least of all some of his new friends. A demi-god from another planet, a real-life Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and of course, Iron Man. Together they had fought aliens coming through a wormhole in space led by a man with a magic spear.
“And what am I supposed to do about that? It happened. It’s over.” He wished his voice hadn’t trembled there. “Everyone keeps pushing me to live in this century and learn the technology and move forward. But in the next breath, telling me to go to a shrink and relive the whole damn thing over again. They can’t change it. I can’t change it, I can’t forget it, I can’t--” Steve stopped and took a deep breath. “I’m fine, Johnny. Tell Fury that I’m fine. And next time he wants to tell me something, he can tell me himself.”
“What did you decide about lunch? Familiar or new?” Steve looked at him and furrowed his brow a little again. What was the puzzle this time?
“Tony?”
“Bar? What bar?” He lifted his head off Steve’s shoulder to look at him better.
“Sure. I’ll think about it. Promise.”
“Sorry, big guy. Checked out for a second.” Tony ran a hand through his hair. “Dangers of being a genius.”
“I couldn’t take a shower for the longest time without having a full-blown panic attack. You never think of the little things. I tilted my head back into the water. Thought the reactor had failed and shrapnel was burrowing into my heart. Nightmares for months. Pepper asked what it looked like in space and I...” Tony shook his head and ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t remember running from the room but I did. If we didn’t have baggage, we couldn’t do this job. Name me one happy superhero.”
“I don’t know if I can.” Steve choked on a sob and he hated it. He hated how weak he was. Even as a scrawny kid he usually managed to hold it together. “I don’t if I can forgive myself for Buck or Peggy or Ma... For everyone I couldn’t save. For wanting Tony so badly just because he makes it all go away. I can’t put all of this on him but, God, I can’t carry it all alone and I--” Steve broke off to keep from crying right there in the stupid confessional.
“Honey?”
“Still a little disappointed that I missed Hulk tossing Loki around like a ragdoll.”
“Flattery will get you everywhere.” Tony grinned at him and wrapped a hand around his cock. Steve felt himself jerk in his hand. God, it felt better than he imagined it. “This what you want, Steve? My hand on your cock?”
“Brooklyn? Steve...we’re in Midtown Manhattan. You’re running all the way to another borough just to use a gym?”
“...Yeah, of course he did.” Tony sat down now, staring at Steve. Steve just looked out the floor to ceiling windows.
“I killed aliens from outer space, fought a demi-god, wrangled a team of super humans, and did it all without his direction or supervision. I’m fine. He wants Captain America, he can ask me himself.” Steve picked up another bag from the floor and hung it up. The touch to his shoulder was a surprise.
“That’s the dream.” Tony smirked at him. “You heading to bed too, Cap?”
“I still appreciate it. More than anybody at SHIELD did for me.” Steve shrugged and Tony glanced over at him. It struck him again how young Steve really was.
“He wants me to lead a new Strike team for SHIELD out of DC.” Tony dropped Steve’s hand and stared at him. “What? I mean, it’s pretty much what I expected.”
Steve groaned and pressed his forehead against the punching bag. Fuck, fuck, fuck. This was bad. This was really, truly bad. Even as a teenager, Steve had never quite wanted someone this badly. And it pained him to think about it but he hadn’t even wanted Peggy this way. He hardly knew Tony but he wanted him so bad it hurt.
“Is this man a friend of yours?” Steve cleared his throat before he answered.
Steve pulled into the garage of the Tower and was surprised to see Tony. He had assumed that Tony had been in his workshop but nope. Tony was working on one of his classic cars. Tony looked up at Steve’s approach and dropped the wrench he was holding again. Steve cut the engine and tilted his head at Tony, who was staring at him.
“Tony...” Steve didn’t know what he wanted to say. His hands in Steve’s hair was distracting and he couldn’t breathe through the thick tension that seemed to be escalating. It felt like the argument on the helicarrier again. They were too close. So close. In each other’s space, breathing each other’s air. Tony was searching Steve’s face. His eyes traveling over every freckle it seemed. “What are we doing?”
“Okay. It’s okay. Steve?” Steve looked to Bruce. “When was the last time you slept?”
“You don’t need to run all way to Brooklyn to punch things. I have a state-of-the-art gym right here in the Tower. I got targets for Barton and Romanoff. Custom made arrows and everything. Soon as SHIELD clears him, he is gonna have a damn field day. Got pads and hand to hand gear so that you and Thor can spar without killing each other. We got free weights and machines and treadmills and ellipticals, Olympic size pool, and of course punching bags. Ones that even you would have a hard time breaking.”
“...Yeah, I’m fine.
Breathe, Steven. Peggy’s calm, sharp, bright voice before another mission to take down Hydra. One more. Steve closed his eyes for one last breath before tackling the bag again.
“It is nice.”
While the “state of the art” gym in the Tower was impressive, he hadn’t brought himself to use it yet. Much like that apartment in Brooklyn, it felt too big and empty and small and confining. Running on a treadmill reminded him too much of the experiments Dr. Erskine’s colleagues wanted him to do. And it didn’t have the company of Johnny or Billy or Mac. Bruce was more about yoga and stretching and meditation. All too slow for Steve’s racing mind. And while Tony had given plenty of his time to Steve lately, he hadn’t been up for any gym time. Clint was still in recovery with SHIELD and Natasha was pretty busy herself. Steve seemed to be the only one drifting in this nebulous space of in-between. Purgatory, darlin’, his mother’s voice reminded him.
“Could take a day off ya know. I won’t be offended.”
“I have been having impure thoughts and coveting. I have been having thoughts of death, wishing that I were.” Steve heaved a sigh. “It would have been so much better if I had just... Too damn stubborn to die I guess.”
Tony still tasted like oil and sunshine. But the coffee was traded in for cheap beer and sweet and sour pork. God, what the hell was he doing? Tony kept pulling Steve in deeper, pulling him forward until Steve was practically on top of him. He bent his knees up to accommodate Steve between his legs and his brain short-circuited.
“But...DC? As in, Washington?”
“Fuck me, Tony, please...”
“It happened for you and Stark.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“No, I mean—he mentioned it but...” But I asked him to stay. The words caught in his throat and he cleared it. “It didn’t sound definite last time we talked.”
“Shit. Okay. Steve? You gotta at least answer me. Look at me maybe?” The voice moved to the front of him and Steve stared. He was blurry and gasping for air. No, wait. That was Steve. “Come on, Cap. You gotta breathe for me.”
“Should I be worried?” Steve raised an eyebrow and Tony shrugged.
“Ah. Well, you deserve happiness as much as he does. And I think it is wise and admirable not to let your own feelings interfere with their relationship. If you cannot lean on him, surely there is someone else in your life that can help you carry these burdens.”
“Captain America is a boy scout, then. Steve Rogers--”
“You‘re tellin’ me.” Tony laughed and stood to take the glasses to the bar. “He was a workaholic during the day and an alcoholic at night.”
“It’s not just my concern. Everyone is concerned, Steve.”
“I was a bartender. They gave me a step stool to stand on. Buck always teased me about it. But I made decent tips. Tell enough sob stories about your dead parents and getting the shit kicked out of you for being short and mix that with enough pints.” Steve shrugged. “Sometimes the dames that came in with their boyfriends would feel sorry enough for me to convince their man to leave a better tip.”
“Only potential recruits that need a little push. Ask Mr. Stark how he was courted. I’m sure he’ll tell you.”
“That’s what J thinks. I don’t know. One minute he was going at the punching bag and the next...I don’t know.”
“Good to see a familiar face.” Steve looked up to see Natasha leaning against the wall beside the elevator doors.
“We are...working on it. Tony and Steve get along better than Captain America and Iron Man. It’s team building! I’m learning to play well with others! You should be happy!”
“Oh, yeah.” He thought he heard the sound of a wrench or screwdriver hitting the floor. “I was gonna order Chinese and watch some old Star Trek episodes. Thought maybe you’d like to join me?” Steve took a long draw of his cigarette and sighed. He should say no. He should tell Tony that he had other plans or he was leaving the country. Steve was just about to say something like that but his mouth had other ideas.
“Yeah, yeah. He keeps telling me he isn’t that kind of doctor but...yeah, call Bruce. Tell him to hurry but don’t break anything.” A warm hand wrapped around his wrist. “Pulse is rapid but strong.” Strong, not thready. So not a bullet. “Steve, honey? It’s Tony. You’re in Avengers Tower with me. It’s 2012. You’re safe. You’re safe here, Steve. I’ve got you, honey. Just breathe for me.” Tony? Steve blinked several times until his vision cleared. Tony came into focus finally and the gym around them. Steve gasped in a deep breath.
“’M’okay.”
“Please, you think the tabloids aren’t still speculating all the people that I could be with on the side?” Tony stretched as he stood from the couch. “I’m always great tabloid fodder. People eat it up.”
“You don’t blame him?” Tony remained standing this time. “What the fuck do you mean you don’t blame him for being an alcoholic piece of shit?”
“They have a much better understanding of ‘battle fatigue’ now than they did when Patton was around.”
“Morning, Tony. You’re up early.” Steve took the coffee offered to him and tried not to notice that their hands brushed.
“And did you ever go?”
“This is really generous of you, Tony. I really appreciate you taking time out of your day to do this for me.”
Tony grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled him into a searing kiss. Fuck, he was hard and making out with Tony Stark on his couch in the penthouse of Avengers Tower. This, this was the height of absurdity. He might have laughed if Tony hadn’t rolled his hips and moaned into Steve’s mouth.
“Well, I was that too.” Steve shrugged but couldn’t help leaning into Tony’s touch again. Couldn’t help but hold his breath and hope Tony would keep touching him. And he did. He ran his fingers into Steve’s hair and moved closer to him. He was studying Steve’s face. Maybe looking for a trace of all those years. All that hardship. Trying to reconcile who Steve had been with who he was now. Good luck, he thought. He couldn’t even do that.
“That’s it, gorgeous. You’re close aren’t you?”
“I know. It’s devastating.” Tony threw himself down on the couch and sighed. “And rude. Hulk couldn’t have waited for the rest of us to show up for that?”
The episode was more comical than he had anticipated. Crew members fencing shirtless in the halls. Commanding officers crying in conference rooms and fighting each other. But his favorite part was easily the crew member who had shut himself in the engine room. As the familiar words of an old song started, Steve almost laughed. How many times had he heard this song? Just like this? Drunken and off key, tuneless but enthusiastic.
“Well...I guess I could use your gym when I can’t sleep. Or for my afternoon workout.” Steve turned his gaze back to the window. “He’s a nice guy. Army vet. He fought in Vietnam. He wasn’t as hellbent on joining as I was, of course. He got drafted. Johnny fills me on some things I missed. I would feel guilty if I stopped going all together.”
“Can always use good company.” Steve headed for the coffee first. Not like the monstrosity in the kitchen of the Tower. He poured himself a cup and took a long drink. Still not quite the same as the burned shit they had on the field. But the taste could still bring back the sound of an Army camp about to be on the move.
“Come on, soldier. I got cheesy 1960s sci-fi to show you.” Tony took Steve’s hand and pulled him to the elevator.
What the hell was he doing here? He didn’t belong here. Not in a billionaire, genius, philanthropist’s penthouse while his girlfriend was away in Malibu. In their actual home. Steve scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed. This was bad and he was an idiot. But he was here now. And he certainly couldn’t back out of an evening with Tony. First because he really didn’t want to and second because Tony would probably take it personally. And Steve didn’t want to hurt him. Not when it was Steve and his stupid feelings that were the problem. Tony had done nothing wrong.
“I’ll try not to scandalize you too much. But I can't make any promises that your old-fashioned values won’t be offended.”
“Come here...” Tony pulled Steve up and into a kiss. He pushed his tongue into his mouth, tasting himself there on Steve’s tongue. “Christ, Steve...where did you learn to do that?”
“Am I dismissed?” Steve stood from his chair. Fury looked him over before he nodded.
“Not cheating. Strategic advantage.” Steve smiled over his shoulder at Tony.
“Definitely not qualified to run for president. I think the president should have a basic knowledge of history past 1945. And better than a high school education from 1938.” Steve sighed. “All things considered, I guess I would feel like shit if I wasted the gifts that Dr. Erskine gave me. I should be out saving the world.”
“You do know that I served in the Army, right? It was integrated and everything.” He rolled his eyes and took another drink from his Coke. The scrunch was still there.
“...I do need you, Tony.” In ways that Steve couldn’t begin to comprehend. “Don’t leave. Stay.” He hated himself. He really, truly did. “Where would you go?”
“High praise.” Johnny followed him across the gym. “Look, Steve, it ain’t like we don’t all appreciate you hanging around here. We do. Pop loves it. And I know the kids get a kick outta showin’ you YouTube videos and Twitter. But you gotta admit that this ain’t exactly normal.” Steve rested a hand on the bag and kept his back to Johnny.
“And what did you have for lunch? A smoothie with Dum-E?”
Steve Rogers, the son of poor Irish immigrants, should have died during the Depression. Between his constant illnesses and the lack of food his mother had been sure he wouldn’t make it. He should have died in the mines or a construction crew. The only jobs he would have been likely to get before the war. And the war...hell, they all should have died in the war. If his ma could see him now. 92 years old and healthy as a horse. Christ, what the fuck had gone wrong in his life that he was sitting in this diner?
“2:51 am, sir. I would strongly suggest that both you and the captain retire to your rooms.”
“Sure, Tony. That sounds like fun.” He closed his eyes and cursed himself. He really was a glutton for punishment wasn’t he?
“You’re so gorgeous, Tony.” Steve wished he had his sketchbook. He could sketch it later. He memorized every line of Tony’s face, every muscle of his chest and abdomen. He wanted to remember this exact moment for the rest of his life. Tony Stark, shirtless, straddling his thighs and about to make him come.
“Better than Buck could ever make.” Steve downed the rest of the coffee and headed to the aforementioned bag.
“Yes! Exactly!” Tony pulled away from the hug and smiled at him. Steve managed to return the smile even though what he really wanted was to hug Tony again. He should have just stayed in bed. Hell, he should have just stayed in the ice. It would have been a hell of a lot simpler than dealing with all of this.
“Cap? Cap? Steve?” Tony had raised his voice and Steve realized he had been staring right through Tony. “...Are you all right?”
“Guess you have a point.” Steve shoved his hands in his pockets. The wraps were still on them. He would take them off later.
“I don’t know, Tony. I’ve fought bullies and Nazis and aliens... I don’t know how to fight this.” Tony pulled back and took Steve’s face in his hands again.
“I guess we’ll see about that.” Tony stepped closer and Steve held his breath. This was ridiculous. And stupid. And Tony looked gorgeous in his black tank top and mussed hair and challenging smirk. “Lucky for you, I don’t have a working suit right now.”
It was the absolute last thing Steve expected when he rolled out of bed, fed up with the charade of sleep. And he definitely never expected anything like this from Tony. At least for Tony, Steve could blame the multiple glasses of whiskey. Maybe Tony wouldn’t even remember any of this come morning. Well, afternoon. But his hands were so warm against Steve’s face. And they were so close. It would be so easy to just... No. He absolutely could not do that. Even if he wouldn’t get sent to jail or court-martialed for it anymore. It was wrong. Tony was Howard’s son. And Peggy’s godson. And technically, a soldier under his command. And...oh yeah. Ms. Potts. It was all wrong. But, God, Steve wanted to know what it would feel like to kiss Tony Stark.
“Fuck, baby...” Tony pulled on his hair and Steve did his best to ignore the spark down his spine again. He started bobbing his head as he took all of Tony into his mouth. Steve had learned a very important trick that the serum had blessed him with. No gag reflex. He moaned around Tony as he sucked him off, gripping his thighs tightly. Probably leave bruises. Steve couldn’t bring himself to care.
He picked up the pace as he neared the Brooklyn Bridge. He had never run for exercise before now. When he was younger it had been because he couldn’t. And then when he could run, it was because he had to. Steve had started running when he woke from the ice. Everything was too small and too confining, too loud and too bright, too, too, too... So, he ran. Ran until he could finally feel an ache in his muscles. He had no idea how far he had run that first time. But afterward Fury called him Forrest Gump for a week. Steve did not understand the reference.
“God loves all his children.”
“Actually, I’m up late. Haven’t been to bed yet.” Tony stretched and yawned as if to prove his point. “Been working all night but I hit a wall. Figured some physical activity would let my brain wander and the answer will come to me.”
“I seriously doubt that.”
He slowed to a light jog as he came up on the gym. And was surprised to see Johnny standing outside the door. Coffee in one hand, a cigarette in the other. Johnny was a Vietnam vet and had started the gym with his father, Mac, after he came home. Mac had fought in the European theatre of World War II. He had seen Normandy from a safe distance. Steve wished he could say the same. These people knew him as Steve and they understood what it meant to survive a war.
“Actually I had Indian with Captain America.”
“...All right, Steve. If you say so.” Johnny lit another cigarette and held it to Steve. “But I think you should just go. This guy is persistent and he’ll keep going to people until he finds someone that’ll make you listen.”
“...What? Do I have bugs in my hair?” Steve ran a hand through his hair. It was standing up at odd angles but seemed clean of bugs.
“...Thank you?” Steve got off the bike and walked over to Tony. He looked good. Oil smeared on his cheek and his jeans riding low with his black tank top. Steve could see a sliver of his abdomen and he wished he could get down on his knees and lick it. Fuck, he should have stayed at church.
“And you turned it down?”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve closed his eyes for a moment and just let himself feel the warm, calloused hands on his face. He didn’t need to be greedy and try to take more than he was offered. Tony could be a good friend.
“You already know the answer to that.” Steve stepped onto the elevator and Natasha followed.
“It was trust. You trusted him right then. Not just with your shield or the battle but with your life. And you trusted him when you took his offer to live in the Tower.”
“I don’t think you should.” Tony shrugged. “I think you’ve earned a vacation, Steve. Jesus, you’ve been working nonstop. You had just woken up in a new century and they were shoving the shield back in your hands and shooing you out the door to fight aliens!”
“Do you really believe that? Everything God does is cruel and vindictive?”
“Why did they do that?”
“At least think about it. DC isn’t so bad. Pretty great museums and theaters. I think you could do really well there, Steve.”
All the words that Steve wanted to say got caught in his throat. His mind was racing almost as quickly as his pulse. Tony wanted to stay. Steve wanted him to stay. He didn’t know what any of it meant and he didn’t really care. Tony needed to stay here. This was his home, their home. He couldn’t just leave Steve and Bruce and Natasha and Clint. Tony had to stay. It was selfish and greedy and terrible but Steve couldn’t stay alone in purgatory forever. Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips to Tony’s.
“And why not?”
“Catholic church has changed a lot since my last confession.” Steve leaned back and breathed a sigh of relief.
“I am afraid there is only one way to find out.” Steve sighed and he thought he heard the priest chuckle. “The Lord is always here for you. And so am I. The Church of St. Patrick’s is a sanctuary for you, should you need it.”
“Not my punching bags.” Tony raised an eyebrow.
“Mr. Stark studied footage of all of us when you recruited him to track down Loki. And he has a far better understanding of the vibranium than I ever could. In that moment, it was instinct.”
“Steve, you could run for president if you wanted to. And probably win.” Natasha shrugged. “It’s not a matter of qualification.”
“Please, Cap. Money is literally no object for me. Stock in Stark Industries went through the roof after the battle. Guess seeing me flying around and fighting aliens is good for business. Can’t tell Pepper that though.”
“Not a very bad time, no. I’m glad you are. I missed you.”
If he’s almost wishing he never gave up drinking as he makes his way upstairs for Movie Night…
Coulson’s eyebrows raise toward his hairline, and he chuckles along with Steve. The gorgeous woman sitting next to him looks between the two as if they'd lost their minds, and Tony leans closer to Steve, nudging him in the side with a carefully-placed elbow.
“Breathe, Steve. C’mon, there ya go. We’re almost there, just a bit more. Don’t worry, we’ll take care of that shit. Come on, you gotta move, buddy, one foot in front of the other.”
She leads him to a small café and gestures toward a seat. A barista appears to know her and what she likes, because there's a large cup of steaming coffee in front of her in less than two minutes. Ms Potts takes a sip before catching his eye.
and leave, expecting to be long gone before the recipient of said letter even got the chance to read it?”
His mood slowly gains a tripwire during the course of the first week, to the point that the only people who spend more than ten minutes with him are Eira and Natasha; even Havardr tends to while away his days in Thor’s quarters. Steve tries to not snap at the others, he really does, but his best is obviously not enough, because more than once, he finds himself apologising for being short and irritable with his friends.
Tony answers the door and blinks owlishly at the bottle that Steve is holding out. “Hi, you're on time, did you really bring wine?”
“I’m sorry, but – Okay, let me explain before your head goes ahead and explodes, okay? When Barton brought Steve up to me yesterday, I… I’d never seen him that shaken. He was so pale and looked absolutely
“Captain Rogers, it is expected to feel odd or different after this kind of spellwork. Do you remember what happened?”
“I… You’re right. I should’ve told you to your face. I just, I guess I didn’t want to risk you getting into the suit and punching me.”
“Ugh,
didn’t find out about it until
Steve sits up and pushes damp hair from his face. Cheeks burning, he types out a message, deletes it, then retypes it, sending it before he can overthink it. Natasha’s reply comes within the minute.
“Six.”
“Youーyou weren't supposed to call, Sourpatch, texting is fine, it's what all the kids are doing these days, why are you calling?”
The entire communal living room has been redecorated: A long buffet table is pushed against one wall, and the couches and chairs have been arranged into a large square. The bar is dotted with buckets, bottles tucked into beds of ice. An enormous banner hangs from the ceiling;
“All right.” Steve strokes a finger along Tony's cheek. “Tell him I said hi.”
“Not for long,” he whimpers at another bout of overwhelming pressure.
He leaves feeling closer to the enigma that is Natasha Romanov.
Peter manages half a small bowl of soup before he slumps onto his side on the floor, spoon bouncing off the carpet a couple times before landing a few inches away. Steve clears away the bowl and burger wrappers while Tony carries his child to bed. When he comes back out, Steve's waiting on the couch, and Tony flops down next to him.
“But –”
people I’ve ever met. You… You’re
“For being drunk all the time. For being gone so much. For ever fucking up your life by crashing into your dreams.”
Steve snorts at Bucky's text, typing back
“Are you okay? What’d they do?”
With a shuddering gasp, Steve’s body tenses, locks into place, as his eyes snap open. Tony doesn’t move; he just keeps whispering soft assurances until Steve starts to relax. He finally scoots closer when Steve begins shivering.
A warm grip against his shoulder, then Tony’s gone as well. Rhodes gazes at Steve, his eyes narrowed. Steve feels small, like a dead bug on a microscope slide, but he remains still and unwavering under Rhodes’s scrutiny. Without a word, Rhodes turns on his heel and leaves Steve alone in the kitchen. He lets out a heavy sigh, lets his head drop to the tabletop. He finds himself wondering, not for the first time in the last six and a half hours if they can actually do this, if the team can beat whatever this thing is.
“You can always tell New Yorkers from the tourists,” Sam remarks after another trio walks away.
“Sure, Bruce, thanks.” Steve cuts his gaze to Tony, raising a brow questioningly, a silent
Tony’s answering text takes a few minutes to arrive; when it does, Steve rolls his eyes.
“Steve, babe, open your eyes, please let me see your eyes.”
“C'mon in, Petey-bug. Where's your dad?”
. You learn from your mistakes, so it won’t happen again. Plus, you have a few months to really absorb that lesson.”
Steve nods at Clint's words. “Okay, can you go visit her, take a plate of food, and let her know?”
is an atrocity and demanded the team be in the theatre room at eight o’clock on the dot one night, and it’s become a ritual: Steve and Thor gather up snacks (“You have the biggest arms, you can carry more!” Clint said when he ordered them to the kitchen the first time), while the others prepared the seats with blankets and pillows. The movie-watching routine slowly migrates to the living room after a couple of weeks, and everyone seems much happier being able to sprawl out on the overstuffed couches. Even on nights when Tony has SI work or something he can’t get away from in the workshop, Steve will show up, stuff as many bags of pretzels and chips as he can in his arms, and find his way to a sofa, but it’s never the same without Tony mocking the films incessantly under his breath from where he sits on Steve’s left. Thankfully, those times aren’t as often as Steve would have anticipated; Tony seems to actively make an effort to be there.
Steve glances up from where he's adding lines of facial hair to the drawing, smiling at Tony. “Thanks.”
But more nights of the week are spent waiting for Tony to appear, laughing an apology for being late or storming in with a twisted expression on his face and refusing to talk, than are actually spent
“I… I don't know. I just, Rhodey, god, I can't stand it.”
have talked to you like an adult, but I didn’t. I am in this with you. I want you, I want this baby –
“Never.”
“Well, that’s not what I was expecting this morning!” laughs Clint cheerfully.
Steve throws a coffee stirrer like a dart at Clint’s face, but the other man just knocks it off its trajectory with a laugh; Steve scowls and, knowing it won’t do any good, says forcefully, “He’s not my loverboy, oh my fuckin’ god.”
By the time they end the call, Steve is yawning widely, and even Baby is moving around less. He rolls onto his side, and this time, even through the disappointment of Tony not coming home tomorrow, sleep comes easily.
“Thank you. I’m a very lucky man, aren’t I?”
“Please.”
“Thank you for letting me,” he murmurs in response before he leans back enough to press his lips to her temple. “Thank you for helping them be who they are.”
“Yes, exactly, let's go.”
“This is for you,” announced Tony as he headed to the altar. When he returned to his seat, he held an ornate box in one hand and the flowers in the other. “These are gifts, physical tokens of our gratitude for all that you’ve done for Steve and me. Without you, we would never have had this chance. So, thank you.”
"You don't
These dreams still feel like home.
, Steve types viciously before deleting the words and replacing them with
“Stop fighting. I don’t want my daddy and my fav’rite babysitter to fight. This is all my fault.”
“Yeah, love you, too, Ma.”
The gym is empty, silent, when Steve enters. He does his warm-up stretches, revels in the stillness, before heading to the treadmill. JARVIS immediately starts up the
pregnant, or is it a scam?”
“I...I don’t know, I’m not going to lie, I really don’t. But isn’t it worth the risk, if it turns out better than you’re afraid of?” Steve squeezes gently on Tony’s hand. “Isn’t it worth it to
we talked.” His eyes glaze over a bit, then after a moment, he shakes his head and rejoins the conversation, pinning Steve with a heavy, pointed look. His sigh causes his body to lose its tightness, and he lets his hands fall to his lap. “Look, I don’t know where you got the idea that I hate you ー”
Tony tugs away out of Steve's grip with a mischievous grin. He finishes his coffee, sets the mug on the counter, and turns toward the hall. Steve doesn't get much of a warning before Tony's shoving the boxer-briefs down and stepping out of them, walking out of the kitchen completely naked, his ass swaying just a bit as he goes. Steve has never been one to back down from a challenge, and though Tony isn't presenting much of one, Steve refuses to let this so-called challenge slide without grasping at the opportunity with both hands.
“Well, what do you want?”
“‘Stop blaming yourself. Give your friend the respect of making his own decision.’”
There’s a long pause during which Steve is worried his ma might be laughing at him. His worries are proven to be completely valid when she finally speaks, stifled giggles evident in her voice.
“Can I really?”
“What the –?”
“Fine, it’s not a date with your neighbour. Honestly, Steve, just get an angel food cake or something. It’s not a big deal, I promise. Deep breath.”
Steve hangs up and closes his eyes, takes a deep breath. His ma is right: He can do this. It sounds simple enough. He squares his shoulders and gazes down at Peter, whose expression has slowly gotten more hopeful. With a sigh, Steve beckons for the child to follow him. He double– and triple-checks the water’s temperature as it gushes from the tap; he plugs the tub up and waits, twisting the knobs once the basin is halfway full of lukewarm water.
“Did – did you
“You ー you literally just did, Steven.”
“Well, shit.”
, her nametag announces– smiles brightly. “Ms Crawford’s been moved to her recovery room. If you’d like, we can bring the baby in to you.”
ー but this is something else entirely. This is a family he found in a group of people shoved under his care, his command; a group he never expected to work so well, both on and off the battlefield; a group of people he trusts to have his back, a group he loves. And now, he's got Tony in a completely different way. Rocky start notwithstanding, he's always admired Tony, always thought there was more than meets the eye, always wanted to learn everything he could. He knows now he never will know everything about Tony, and he's accepted it, but he thinks maybe, just maybe, it won't be so hard to learn more.
. If anything, it was probably the biggest cause of their immediate rift.  Steve doesn’t find out until much later what kind of father Howard turned out to be, but it doesn’t matter. The damage is done. Tony hates him, and Steve… Steve accepts it. After all, he’s lost a helluva lot more than one man’s approval.
“Steve Rogers? Got a delivery for ya.”
, Steve screams as he cradles his head in his hands and finally,
“T'Challa says he might know of a way to help Barnes,” he announces on a quiet voice. “We'll talk more about it once we're back at the tower.”
“Of course.”
"Yeah, I realised my mistake after I'd already gotten there."
Tony shakes his head vehemently. “No, no, just...wasn't expecting you, that's all. Here, I mean. Wasn't expecting you here. How'd you get here? We've never had this place before.”
Tony hovers in the air, staring at the city bathed in fuzzy orange glow, at the hazy night sky. Sucking in a deep breath, he lands on the landing pad and allows the mechanism to remove the armour as he heads inside. The living room beyond the glass doors is dark, though the lights slowly illuminate the room to show it’s empty. He knows the hope is in vain, but he checks the bedroom anyway.
, Steve?”
As Steve recounts what happened in the kitchen, Tony winces. He knows exactly where Steve went wrong. It’s Natasha’s decision as to whether or not her fears get exposed, so Tony only promises to talk to her. He holds Steve as long as the blond wants, which turns out to be another ten minutes. Steve gives him a wan smile, slips the photograph back into his book, and clambers awkwardly off the bed.
“What,
“Sick, cranky, enough to make me rip my hair out.”
“You’re going to marry me, so what’s that say about you?”
Steve sends back a thumbs up emoji and settles into the couch cushion to wait for Peter to wake up. When he does, his skin is cooler to the touch, and he doesn't look so miserable. Steve makes him a piece of dry toast and bowl of chicken broth. Peter only manages two bites of toast and half the broth, but Steve counts it as a win and lets the kid fall back asleep.
Natasha and Sam drift off to sleep late in the evening after hours of figuring out a plan and  dinner picked up by Sam from the McDonald’s five minutes down the road. Steve can’t sleep, though; instead, he sits in the chair at the rickety table and stares at the map and all of its brightly-coloured tabs evidencing HYDRA’s unfortunate continued existence. He can’t think of anything except for how his life was never meant to turn out this way. He was supposed to lead the Commandos to a victory, go home after the war, and live a long full life with Peggy and Bucky. Instead, he laid down his life, and, by some miracle or a fluke in the serum’s chemistry, he survived seventy years and awoke to find a world that had forgotten all about Steve Rogers and memorialised Captain America.
“Are you
“Your kid likes honeydew.”
“Oh, God, no, please don’t. He’d never go back to sleep if he wakes up now. I’ll just carry him.”
Steve bites back the urge to say
of her heels is familiar; he can’t help but smile. He quickly hides the grin before she appears in the doorway. She’s carrying a stack of folders and a tablet in one hand, her phone and a dry-cleaning bag in the other. They do the hand-off of items just like they used to, and she reaches up to press the button on her bluetooth device. He kisses her cheek gently, waits for her to speak.
Nobody speaks as they walk off the Quinjet and into the penthouse living room. Coulson and Ms Potts are already there, sitting on the couch and staring at something on the table in front of them.
“I-I don’t know. I mean, I would be upset at the loss of possibility, but it wouldn’t make me love him less. It’s not something that would make me resent him or leave him. Just a couple days ago, we were on the same page. Neither of us were looking to get married - he has some ridiculous idea that me marrying him would be my worst mistake, and I’m not gonna push him into getting married if it’s not something he wants without being pressured. We’ve never discussed kids, and I’ve never really thought of them before because this job… It’s dangerous for
Thing change even more a couple of weeks after that conversation in the diner. It’s just after ten a.m., and Steve is engrossed in the art for his newest comic
“I know.” Tony sighs. “I don’t know. Pete’s… I don’t want to say he’s a secret, but he kind of is. You know? I’ve done everything I can to keep him out of the spotlight, make sure he’s not on anyone’s radar. And, I trust you, and I even trust Bucky, since Peter’s face isn’t plastered all over the gossip rags even after almost six months of us knowing each other, and I know you tell him everything, but…”
“I think so. He says he didn't tell anyone because he doesn't want it to get worse.”
“Uh, shall we?”
Steve nods slowly. The pair fall into silence again for a few minutes, and just when it becomes uncomfortably quiet, Tony waves a hand in the air. The loud chords of some rock song blare throughout the workshop; Steve winces at the sudden volume, resists the urge to cover his ears. Thankfully, his reaction doesn’t go unnoticed: JARVIS helpfully turns the music down to a volume that is much less vicious on Steve’s ears.
Tony gives him a look that says, clearly, that he thinks Steve is being intentionally obtuse. “Compensation, Steven. You’ve been taking care of my kid, even picked him up from school after I promised you wouldn’t have to. Again, how much?”
Steve sits gently beside Peter. “Well, if your daddy had an emergency, it means he probably didn’t have time to call your mommy. He put together your bag really fast, right? Which means he was in a rush. I’m closer, so he brought you here because he had to take care of the emergency and couldn’t wait until your mom got here to do so.”
“Whatever you’ve gotta say,” Tony replies with a shrug.
“It’s not weapons, so no, they don’t.”
“Yeah, he gets that from his mother.” Tony’s smile is both prideful and tinged with sadness at once, but he continues speaking before Steve can ask any questions. “So how much?”
“I’d stay, but I kinda promised Peter I’d call him back immediately so I can sing his lullaby.”
Phil makes a show of looking around the room. “When did you move into an office building?”
were you thinking? Do you have any idea the damage control I’m going to have to do?”
“JARVIS-”
“That is best left to Mother.” Thor stands, claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder, and heads toward the door. “I shall go speak with her now, so that a plan can be put into place.”
“JARVIS will remind you if you want him to.”
Silence, oppressive and choking, settles on the workshop, and Tony continues to stare at the mess on the concrete. Old coffee dredges slither along like a black, liquid snake, winding a path away from the centre of the wreckage. He aches with the force of his confession, the damning nature of Steve not saying anything.
“Tony and I… Well, we want to start a family.”
Steve's heart clenches in his chest, and he's pretty sure it isn't the liquor that's making him want to throw up all over the expensive sheets. His hands slip and slide on the silk as he scrambles to sit up, and Tony's there, helping him up. Steve shoves him away, but drunken and still so small for his age, he's not very successful. Tony holds his hands up in surrender, though, acquiescing and not touching Steve any more.
“The vote of confidence is appreciated,” Natasha adds with a thankful smile.
“Still not helpful.”
She doesn’t speak, merely steps onto the treadmill next to his and starts it up. Steve tries not to give in, knows it’s what her silence is designed for, to force someone to give answers by making them feel overwhelmingly uncomfortable. The rational portion of his brain knows this. Unfortunately, his tongue has other plans.
He’s just gotten to his area when his phone dings in his pocket. He fishes it out as he sets his mug on the surface of his desk.
“I helped keep that legacy alive.”
Steve holds out the bag, waiting impatiently. Bucky finally takes it, turning on his heel and walking out the door. Steve follows. Thankfully, Sam takes it upon himself to explain what's happening, why they're here for Bucky; Tony stays inside the 'jet this time, stays close to Steve.
“No offence, but I'd rather hear that from Tony.”
“Yeah, we’ve got our girl. And you,” murmurs Tony to their sleeping baby, “are not allowed to
“You know what I mean. How are things with you and Steve? I’m going to guess they’re going well if that goofy smile is any indication.”
Steve shrugs. “I really, honestly don’t know. Five bucks?”
"She wasn't that crass about it."
Tony watches as Steve steps onto the elevator, watches as Steve stares at the floor as the doors close. The penthouse rings with the deafening silence left behind. He crosses the room, dropping onto the couch where Steve had sat. The lights of the city shine brightly through the tall windows; with a sigh, he lets his head fall back against the couch, stares up at the ceiling.
Sherri wheels in the bassinet five minutes later. Once she double-checks the ID numbers on their security bands, she scoops up their daughter and places her carefully in Steve’s arms. It doesn’t surprise Tony when the blond’s eyes start swimming with tears; he can’t even find it in him to make a joke, not at such a tender moment. Instead, he takes a picture (or twelve) as Steve stares down at their baby.
DUM-E makes a
it. Out of nowhere, he hates that he couldn't make Pepper happy enough to stay, couldn't convince her that he was worth her time and her attention and her love. He despises that he couldn't be enough for her. Not without giving up the biggest part of him since Afghanistan.
“Did anybody see them?”
? Almost two whole minutes of silence, then all you can think to say is ‘At least JARVIS’s code isn’t faulty’? I don’t give a damn about JARVIS right now – no offence, J – because I’m kinda too busy panicking.”
“When can we see them?”
“What are you doing?” Steve asks when Tony starts pushing against his back.
He barely gets the words out for JARVIS to initiate a privacy lockdown before he’s reaching for the bottle of scotch he keeps on hand for celebratory purposes (though lately, it’s been mostly decorative).
Thor picks up Mjølnir from the floor, placing the hammer on the shelf. “I was unaware that Clint and Natasha would be here. I did not want to presume that arriving outside of the floor that you and Tony share would be acceptable. We were attempting to make our way down to the workshop, but unfortunately, our arrival did not go unnoticed.”
“I know.”
“Brucie-Bear knows and is okay with our plans for the day, aren’t you, Bruce? I figured once Murder-Face and Robin Hood knew when it was happening, and you’d told Sam, it’d be okay to tell my platonic science-soulmate, and he’s fine with it.”
“Well, personally, I was kinda afraid it’d go in a whole different, much worse direction, and, since no one died or even had a threat made against their life, I’m counting it as a win.”
“The Raft?” Eira and Steve repeat simultaneously.
method. This is mine, and this is your only warning: If you feel the need to verbally attack or harass anyone in my life - be it my employees, my friends, or my family - you will
, and all you care about bringing in is a sketchpad and books and bean-bag chairs.”
"A literal goddess just gave us a penis-shaped candle and told us to burn it while we bang! What the Hell has our life become?"
“It’s amazing,” Tony murmurs at another flutter; he presses a kiss to the blond’s rounded tummy. “Hey there, little one. I know there’s still a bit of a wait before you make your appearance in this world, but I’m so excited to meet you. So are your aunts and uncles, and especially your daddy. Never forget that your daddy and Papa will always love you,
“Yeah, yeah, I did. Didn’t expect you back so soon, though.”
Saturday morning dawns bright and clear. Or, rather, as clear as Brooklyn ever gets. It's cool outside, the first fingers of autumn struggling to break through the lingering haze and heat that summer has wrapped the city in. Steve remains where he is, sprawled across the bed, as the sunshine peeks through the blinds. Cars and birds sing their daily songs, machinery and nature blending into a cacophony of sounds that shouldn't work but somehow do; he only moves when someone knocks on the front door. He knows immediately that it isn't Tony ー Tony usually just barges in, even on weekends he has Peter ー which means it can only be the child. A grin splits his face, and he clambers out of bed to pull a pair of sweats on over his boxer-briefs.
Steve glances at Tony, taking a deep breath. “Not arguing. But this is going to cut our team down.”
“Steeeeeeeeeve!”
“I feel like it's staring at me,” whispered Tony with a giggle in his voice. “Can a penis-shaped candle stare?”
“Can I help you?”
He explains what he wants then spends the next five minutes convincing, begging, and bribing her not to tell Pepper. She isn’t too happy about it but gives in anyway with grace. He hangs up as soon as she’s promised – again – to keep it between the two of them; his shower is rushed, and he manages to shave in five minutes. He dresses quickly then checks on Steve. The blond is still sleeping, so Tony presses a soft kiss to his hair and quietly leaves the room. After recording a message for Steve to be played when he wakes up, Tony heads to the garage, gets in one of the more nondescript cars, and drives to the location had instructed him to. A staff member leads him through the halls into a large room where everything has already been set up. Tony makes a mental note to give his PR manager a raise for her efficiency.
“Are you gonna tell Aunt May?” Peter asks quietly after a few minutes; his face is turned toward the envelope on the table, and Steve wonders how long it will take for the teen to get curious enough to open it.
There's no need to ask for clarification as to what Steve means. "No, definitely not. It wasn't you. I promise, darling, you are the only one I'll ever want to kiss for the rest of my life, and I'll spend every day proving that."
He leers at her, a playful gesture at the innuendo, and she smiles, shaking her head. Tony plucks the vodka from her hands and inspects the label. It’s an expensive drink, Russian through and through. He takes a swallow, feels it burn all the way down. An errant thought drifts into his mind, and he freezes with the bottle hovering in the air. Natasha takes the bottle back, giving him a puzzled look from the corner of her eye.
"Let's go to bed. I'm tired."
“We…talked about it a bit.”
“Absolutely. Only the best, most haute couture designs for this guy.”
“– with this, this –”
She shrugs. “He has his moments, few and far between though they may be.”
“Tony and I have, quite surprisingly, bonded over… certain similarities, so we come here and talk when we can’t sleep.”
“Yeah, those are my favourite to write and draw. Well, followed very closely by the
“As long as we have Big and Blond over there, we’ll be fine. Hell, you can still help with strategy alongside Coulson. You may not be fighting with us, but you’ll still be useful.”
“I apologise, Captain. You answered, so I was unaware that I did not have your full attention.”
“I… I was in the workshop with Tony, and You and Dum-E were fighting over a tool, I guess, and Tony, Tony was
“Wow, this is a sudden change, is this how you feel all the time?”
startles him; Tony’s hand on his lower back calms him. He settles back on the floor and focuses on relaxing his body. A cool, wet finger runs along his ass, catches slightly on the rim, and Steve jolts at the touch. He bites his lip as the digit presses inward, tries to slip past the muscle; Tony starts up a litany of
Steve laughs quietly as Tony drags the crib close to the bed. Once Sarah is settled, Tony nudges and pushes at Steve until there’s enough space on the bed for the both of them. It doesn’t take long before the events of the day catch up with him. He yawns into Steve’s hair, sighs as exhaustion takes over.
“Definitely,” laughs Steve quietly. “A really good different.”
“Okay, sounds good.”
“JARVIS? What is this?”
“I didn't do it.”
Steve nods once the AI finishes speaking and leaves the kitchen. The doors to the elevator shut behind him before he can hear the extent of Clint’s reply; then again, “With all due respect, sir,” rarely prefaces anything pleasant, especially coming from the archer. A small smile spreads across Steve’s lips as he allows JARVIS to direct the lift to the gym. When he steps off, he sees Natasha in the obstacle course. Her hair is pulled back in a tight braid, winding like a flat, bright red snake along the base of her skull. Steve just barely resists the urge to look away at the sight of so much creamy skin exposed by her leggings and black athletic bra. Watching her in motion, even against holographic enemies, is an extraordinary thing: She moves with incredible agility, manoeuvres with unbelievable grace. It’s mesmerising, almost like a dance – a very violent, inhumanly deadly dance. She uses her weight as leverage as she hurtles toward the wall, takes a few running steps up the thick concrete, and flips. The blue-tinted figure disappears in a flickering mass of simulated electrical sparks from her Widow’s Bites, and she lands lightly on her feet.
“That – that’s
… … … …
“What is that you need to speak about?”
. ‘Mister Stark’ was my father.”
“Duh. I don’t need to deal with that right now.”
"He has to go to pre-k during the day, but that gets out at three, and I have a lot of work that I can't get out of, unfortunately. So... Can you watch him?"
Barely fifteen minutes have passed before he’s beckoned out into the centre of attention. He leans against the podium, staring at the faces of dozens of reporters and journalists, cameramen and security; a few of the ones who accosted Steve outside the tower yesterday are sitting amongst the rest, looking for all the world like they’ve done nothing wrong. Tony struggles against the urge to walk over and punch them in their damn faces. He doesn’t actually do it – yay for maturity and self-control! – but gods, does he want to. Instead, he waits patiently until the crowd is quiet before speaking.
“No– nothing is wrong with him, he's fine. He's asleep right now, well, he’s sick, but I promise he's fine.”
“Okay. We've all had the same dream. Let's just, let's not worry about it right now. Tony, can you have JARVIS attempt contact with anyone who might know something about this? Thor, same for you, but with Asgard?”
“Okay, I really did not envision having such a painfully awkward dinner.”
“Oh, shut up, Mal. Ain’t like I was too far behind. I had to make sure I wasn’t followed. Unless you want the goddamn Avengers stormin’ in here before you get that baby.”
“JARVIS?”
“I hate heels.”
“You don’t – Steve, you realise men can’t
“Fine, fine. I'll just be at my desk, basking in the knowledge that Tony Stark is your sugar daddy.”
“I like my job, sir.”
When they part, Wilson whistles sharply, and Natasha has a brow raised. Clint somehow has got popcorn; Coulson is still plowing steadily through his paperwork, but Steve is gone. Tony debates going after him. Sam's words replay through his brain, so he forces himself to stay put.
“What? No, just…
was helpful.”
“Tell me more 'bout this plan.”
“Will Captain Rogers be joining as well?” asks the doctor with a knowing smile, but Steve doesn’t really care, can’t care, past the fact that their daughter is trying her best to make her way into this world.
They don't do much that night, just sit in the sand on the beach. The waves lap up onto shore, over their bare toes, and the setting sun paints the sky a brilliant orange tinged on the edges with a deep purple. Birds caw out their final songs of the evening, landing in their roosts and falling silent. Nothing can be heard but the water as it flows in then ebbs, their breathing, and the soft sound of Tony's fingers scooping up sand and letting it pour from his hand.
He jumps and
more parts coming, just 'bonus content' and extra scenes that didn't quite fit into the main portion of this fic. So be on the lookout for those~
“You deserve better than that,” adds Nat.
“Oh. Okay. I'm so sorry,” he says to Happy, his cheeks suddenly hot. “I just… Oh, god, I'm so, so, so sorry.”
Steve blows out a breath and debates whether to ask Loki to come back. He decides to let it go, switching the channel to some show with a canned laugh track.
Steve is calmed down by the time Tony has explained almost everything. Pepper stays quiet through it all, looking overwhelmed by the influx of information. Her eyes dart between Tony and Steve, and Steve fidgets where he’s still sitting on the floor. When Tony finishes speaking, Pepper inhales shakily.
“About what? There's nothing to talk about, Rhodey, especially not to Steve.”
Steve opens his mouth to speak but doesn't get the chance to respond. He's interrupted by the sound of shuffling feet down the hallway, a solid thump against the wall, more slip-slide footsteps, then the sight of Tony appearing in the doorway, blearily staring around the kitchen. Bucky pauses, questions in his eyes, then sets another mug on the counter. Steve pours coffee into one, holds it out toward Tony who gives a sleepy smile and makes grabby hands. There's a slight fumble as the mug transfers hands, but Tony manages to keep it upright without spilling any of the hot liquid. Steve twitches, turns back to the counter, when Tony lets out a filthy, low moan at the first sip. Steve can feel his ears and cheeks burning up, his body wanting to react to the sound that he heard so many times just a few hours ago.
Steve claps a hand over his mouth and nose at the snorting laugh that escapes him. Thankfully, only Phil seems to have heard it; he pats Steve’s bicep and turns away so that neither man bursts into laughter. Even Pepper seems to be fighting her own mirth. Tony sighs, cards his fingers through Peter’s hair.
“Uh… Sure, why not. Do you know if you’re allergic to anything?”
“Will he come back for me?”
By the time the bottle is empty, the clock reads past two in the morning, and JARVIS has an angry silence about him; most people would say a glorified computer programme is incapable of emotions, but Tony coded JARVIS, knows every line and loophole and redundancy by heart, so he’s aware of how capable of
“Okay.”
“Oh, shut up.”
“Like what? Tony, you know me better than I know myself, sometimes, so what could there be that I haven't told you?”
“I’m a father, and Peter will always, always,
begins. A sharp pain blooms into existence where his jaw meets his throat, and he’s having trouble breathing with the arousal that spreads through him like a wildfire. He thinks he hears Tony whispering an
“You okay?”
Steve's thirty-one and still unattached to anyone in his waking life, because Tony is it for him, he's known that since he was ten, but that doesn't stop Bucky and Sam from trying to set him up with other people. Sharon was wonderful, funny and damn brilliant, and if he wasn't so hung  up on Tony, he could see something happening with her, but there was nothing there, not on Steve's end. She deserves more than what Steve could give her, anyway.
Steve damn near throws his phone at the wall when it beeps at 10:20 and Tony's name appears on the screen. Without his permission, his thumb swipes to unlock the device, and the message thread opens.
Frigga exchanges a look with Thor before nodding at Steve. “That would be appreciated, Captain. Thank you.”
