“You’re early.” Sherlock announced, eyes fixed on his brother as he strode into the flat confidently, the older Holmes rolled his eyes but chose not to comment.
If there is any confusion about the previous chapter I apologize; there is no way that Social services could removed Maeve from Sherlock's care because of his job but they could take her away because of his drug use, though he is not taking drugs, he had before and that makes him a risk.
Sherlock hummed. He and Maeve were shaded from the sun by a picnic umbrella, both laying down on their fronts. Sherlock had shed his shoes and socks but wore his usual attire, a pair of dark blue slacks and a white shirt. “Nobody believed me of course.”
Maeve looked up at him. Her blue eyes were wide and curious, there was something else there, almost like love, and she flashed him a gummy smile.
“I love you very much.” Maeve squeal in response, the sound echoing off the bathroom walls. “Yes, no need to blow it out of proportion. We don’t want you getting a big head. You’ll never grow into it otherwise.”
“Right.” Greg managed, gawping like a fish before he closed his mouth and turned to Sally. “Arrest the boyfriend.”
The phone rang four time before being picked up. Sherlock spoke immediately, not wasting time. “John, you need to come home.”
She was sat in the middle of the floor, on her colourful tummy time mat surrounded by small soft toys that were becoming a bit of a collection. She wore a pair of blue joggers and matching jumper with white hearts on them. Her hands were reaching out and running over each one intently, her eyes flicking up to Sherlock, and back to the toys, checking that he was watching her.
And the next chapter is as promised, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with our beautiful Holmes/Watson family.
Maeve finished the chewing motion and swallowed. She considered it for a moment before opening her mouth again in a silent demand for more. Sherlock chuckled, a rich, deep sound that echoed while Mycroft snorted.
“Absolutely fine.” Sherlock told him, not taking his observing eyes away from his daughter. Her little hand was resting against his collarbone breathing softly, glassy eyes flicking over his pale skin with interest. He placed the book on the coffee table and swung his legs around to the floor with little effort. Maeve seemed unfazed by the sudden movement, too focused on the vast amounts of skin that she was resting on.
“He always was like this with new toys” he told the room before returning his full attention to his younger brother. “I just came to visit my niece.”
Sherlock was upside down on the sofa reading book when Violet arrived. She stopped in the doorway, confused by the situation. Her youngest son was sat with his legs crossed against the back of the sofa, back on the sofa cushions and head hanging off the end instead of his legs. Maeve was awake and kicking on a colourful play mat that was right by his hanging head, eyes flicking between the toys on an arch above her and her father’s face. His eyes remained fixed on the book.
“My immediate family reside in London, my parents and my brother.” The consulting detective answered.
“A free pass.” Sherlock repeated, carefully considering the words as he rolled them around in his mouth thoughtfully. He kept his eyes on Maeve.
“Do you want me to take her?” John asked as he stepped into the room wearing only his dressing gown, it was navy blue with white horizontal stripes in pairs of two, outlined in thin black lines. His hair was wet and messed from towel drying it and said towel was hooked over his shoulder. He looked far too amused for the situation.
At two hundred and three days old, Maeve was able to flip onto her body in a swift movement that shocked and delighted her parents every time they saw it. She was also starting to shuffle which was, according to Sherlock’s extensive research, a sure sign that crawling wasn’t far away which resulted in a trip to the closest shop and the purchasing of several baby gates. Once they were assembled and the floors checked for possible splinter related injuries, they were able to breathe and wait for the crawling to begin. At this moment though, Maeve was contained to her highchair being fed a variety of soft finger foods which were laid out on her tray. There were soft carrots, broccoli and peach chunks. Maeve reached for and crushed the pieces in her hands as she brought them to her lips with slow uncoordinated movements.
“Conditions then,” Sherlock corrected, he glanced out of the window as the cab pulled up outside of the building that his brother conducted his public work in – usually conference calls – and not the private office that he often entertained Sherlock in, “set in place when you brought out parents to meet Maeve for the first time, the 12
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open the moment he heard the familiar footsteps approaching the door, the sole of his brother’s particular brand of shoe unmistakable on the squeaky clean hospital flooring and the hard clinks of heels, Anthea was with him them.
“You know why.” Sherlock gestured with his head to the little girl sleeping against his chest, face tucked tightly into his neck and small even breaths ghosting his throat.
Robert nodded. “There were news updates about the kidnappings, I and that you were working the case.”
“Yes, my little Maeve must have Daddy’s attention all the time” he smiled, mocking annoyance at her.
“I’ll solve this mystery for you.” He picked his words artfully as he shifted Maeve slightly so that he could cross his legs and then place her back on his lap. She looked up at him as if to say ‘what are you doing Daddy?’ and he gave her his hand in apology.
“This morning before we left Baker Street and I reapplied when I changed her, before we left the house.”
Sherlock wanted to protest but nodded and handed her to him. The blonde gestured to the other door, that lead to a viewing area and Sherlock nodded in understanding. He walked into the morgue and John round to the separate are; he held Maeve and watched through the glass as Sherlock stepped close to the body on the table. He could hear every word that they said.
“When we took her to the hospital to get checked over. They let me feed her and hold her. I got…protective for lack of better words when I saw Mycroft. I thought he was going to…”
Sherlock was sat on the sofa with his back to John. His long legs stretched out in front of him and back against the arm of the sofa, curly head still and a book in his hand. Maeve’s face low on his shoulder, looking at the long pale column of his throat. John stepped further in the room to get a better look at him, shirtless with his daughter tucked against his side, supported with a large hand across her small back, a white bodysuit with no arms or legs and blanket the only thing covering her.
John chuckled and wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, he kissed the taller man’s cheek. “We’ve got ages until she grows up.”
“Anthea can handle your schedule, she’s perfectly capable and your meetings can be pushed back or you could teleconference in for the ones that really require your attention. Your schedule is heavy because you enjoy work and have very little to do, which can be remedied now you have…” he paused, crossed the room to look at his older brother and smiled, “other priorities. You have people that can begin the process of making both of your homes presentable. Eve will require little attention for the night, you will need to feed and burp her, occasionally change her nappy and let her sleep. She can sleep in your bed for the night. Our parents will be thrilled to learn they are grandparents, yes, you won’t be able to keep them away but once you’ve explained, they will understand.”
The grey haired man picked up the carseat and walked downstairs, Sherlock and John followed. The grey BMW was parked directly outside the house with Sally in the passenger seat, on the phone, she looked up as they approached with a tight smile – forced because of the circumstances – and continued talking.
The door shut softly and the only sounds in the room were breathing. Maeve was freshly awake and soon would want to be out of the pram and holding his full attention. He knew there were about three minutes before she was fully alert so he read through the papers in front of him quickly and satisfied, he placed them in a non-emergency pile to be looked at later. He closed the laptop on his desk and pressed the small button on the phone to summon his PA.
They paused in front of the double doors. Mycroft brushed the lapels of his jacket, his usually steady hands shaking. He dropped them to the side before Sherlock noticed and they exchanged a glance. Mycroft nodded and the younger Holmes raised his hand, resting it on the cool cold metal for a second, bracing himself with a steadying breath before pushing it softly.
The moment her back was turned he stuck his tongue out, Chloe laughed and looked down at her own dinner. Greg sighed, “Please, do not teach her bad habits.”
Mycroft didn’t bother to look up as his brother, Doctor Watson and niece approached. He merely closed his laptop and watched in the window as they came up behind him. “Joining me.”
He swallowed the rising bile in his throat, head pounding and asked, voice sounding alien even to himself. “Where is she?”
Maeve was babbling to herself from the floor. Today she wore a black baby grow that covered both her arms and legs, on the material was a white skeleton print. The material was now covered in cat that due to the cat that was walking around the infant, rubbing her body against her at all available turns as she purred to herself. The cat stopped, licked her paw three times and then collapsed onto her side, her back touching Maeve’s right leg and closed her eyes in an attempt to sleep.
Anthea cleared her throat. “So, I’ve made some calls. The house is being, prepared somewhat for your visit, a bottle steriliser, some bottles, nappies and stuff, just to get you through the night. We can organise the rest tomorrow. I’ve called ahead to the office, a stand in will be in place, if anything critical comes up, we can sort it from home.”
A man, large wearing a pair of black jeans and shirt, approached the car. He had dark blonde hair was solid, average height and was sure not to look directly out of the character. He advanced to the BMW, glanced inside and struck up a conversation with the young officer, friendly and even reached out to touch his shoulder.
“Skype?” Sherlock sighed and looked down at the screen that was at the fair end of the table, pointed at him and Maeve, giving the government official a good view of them both from the laptop. He was sat at his desk, elbows on the desk and hands clasped together. He looked irritated.
Sherlock returned the smile, "there's a fault in his pacemaker which brought on the heart attack, check with the manufacturers, there may be more like this."
“Are you all ready?” Sherlock asked his daughter. He looked down at her on the changing table, she was dressed in a white baby grow with what he assumed was a pink cat wearing a tiara on the front with matching pink trousers and a hat with white polka dots. Her white Gucci coat buttoned up over the top and warm booties covering her tiny feet. “You and I are going to go for a walk.”
John reached behind him, careful to keep his eyes on Maeve and picked up the mobile. Three new messages, two from Sherlock, and one from Harry. He frowned and opened the message.
"I can hear you," Sherlock informed them, arching an eyebrow at them in the mirror. His voice was low as not to disturb Maeve.
Sherlock fixed him with a ‘don’t be an idiot’ look and drawled. “Obviously. When she is not in my arms, she will be in yours.”
Siger opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by the appearance of his youngest son. He almost ran into the room before stopping at the threshold and running his hands down his jacket, smoothing the material beneath his fingers. Behind him, Violet Holmes appeared with a knowing look on her face.
“Oh” Molly exclaimed. Sherlock had one night stands and a baby, this was a lot to take in. “Where’s her mother?”
The only sounds were the soft snores from the Moses basket against the wall in his bedroom as he closed the door, leaving his daughter shrouded in the bright stars of her nightlight. The monitor was on and already in the living room and John out, having dinner with Greg after work before returning to hear what Sherlock had discovered.
Sherlock immediately pocketed his phone and reached up to intercept Maeve as Greg offered her to him. Her face scrunched up in displeasure as she was handed over and moved in her father’s large hands to face him, her eyes creaked open.
Mycroft was sat with his back impossibly straight on the uncomfortable plastic chair provided in the hospital waiting room, both arms clutched possessively over the baby pressed against his chest, sleeping soundly. A thin blanket was over her body protecting her from the strong lighting as she snored softly against his neck, warm breath tickling his skin with every exhale.
“But it is.” Sherlock told him. “He does not favour a particular gender but sticks to strict age boundaries, sixteen and seventeen year olds from privileged backgrounds and exclusive schools. He will continue until he is sated or killed.”
“No, you obviously don’t.” Sherlock’s tone was soft but his eyes harsh, staring at John as though he would disappear any moment.
“What, pray tell, are you going to do with your day?” Mycroft asked, breaking the comfortable silence and looking up long enough turn the page of the case file he was on.
“We have matters to discuss,” Violet announced, taking her seat at the head of the table and clasping her hands in front of her.
The bath was the perfect temperature for Maeve. He stepped into the bath with caution and lowered himself into the water. There was enough that it reached up to her mid-belly while she was rested on his lap. His hand held her firmly against his chest so that she would not slip or fall. With his free hand, he picked up the little green ball he had left in a dish on the side.
John shrugged off his coat and unstrapped the papoose. Maeve did not make it an easy task, squirming and whining as John struggled with only two hands to hold both her and the papoose, when he was done, and he placed the papoose on the empty chair between him and Harry. He pushed the hood back and placed Maeve on his lap, she stared towards Harry with inquisitive blue eyes. After a few moments she blinked and her eyes scanned over the rest of the café.
Sherlock shook his head, “I would prefer that she stay with me, to monitor her for further side effects and any raises in temperature.”
Silvia and Harold came to stand beside him and John shut the door, pulling it by the knocker, he locked it and gestured down the street.
“Shhh” Sherlock hushed and stood up, he unstrapped her from the bouncy chair; scooped her up, holding her with one arm and moved the bouncy chair with the other, and he placed it on the floor. He then positioned her in both of his arms, forearm under her bum and other hand on her back.
“What’s the emergency?” Greg asked as he bustled into the living room of 221B Baker Street, out of breath from running up the stairs and confronted with the shocked faces of John, Mycroft and Mrs Hudson.
“Sometimes.” John added as he followed Sherlock out of the room, glancing over his shoulder with a smirk.
John sighed and answered. “Because it would make him a hypocrite, I nag him to do these things now.”
“You’re early.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped into the house, Siger moved back and opened the door wider to allow him in. He walked in backwards, pulling the pram along with him with great care. Maeve was starting to wake beneath her blankets, face scrunching up in annoyance. “She looks just like you.” Siger told Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Maeve is able to support her own head, she often has the motion of chewing, and a growing appetite and significant weight gain within the past weeks.”
Maeve was fine, untouched and completely unharmed according to the paramedic on scene. Though she had ‘quite the set of lungs on her’ according to the female paramedic, she was just distressed and in need of comforting. That was easier said than done with Sherlock injured and on his way to hospital.
“Well you knew this was going to happen, you said so when we first started…you know.” He shrugged and looked up at the younger man. “It just wasn’t meant to be, I guess. So you don’t have to tell me ‘I told you so’ because I know.”
"I text him about a body and he ended up spending the afternoon," Molly informed him as she placed the last of the Chinese food on the table.
“I love you Sherlock Holmes and her,” he nodded towards the sleeping infant, “I don’t know what I’d do if anything happened to either of you.”
“I was urging her to smile” Sherlock insisted, “She was unfortunately with Mycroft at the moment she decided to follow through on our practice.”
Sherlock nodded and kept his eyes on the screen, watching Maeve shift in sleep slightly but not enough to wake herself. When he was satisfied he looked up in no particular direction and sorted the memory of her laughing into his mind palace.
There was a moment of silence, then she spoke again, softly, “you have a meeting in twenty minutes.”
Siger stopped and gestured for his son to go first. Sherlock’s clear eyes flicked over the occupants of the room before settling on the blonde and making his way towards him. The blonde untucked his legs and closed the case file, allowing more space for the consulting detective.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and plucked his niece away from his body, she frowned in confusion but made no sound as she was placed into the small girl’s arms. Greg helped her get Maeve into a comfortable position.
“Thank you dear.” He managed a small smile of thanks. His grey eyes shifting to the doorway as his parents rushed inside their eyes ablaze with fear.
John said a final farewell to Mrs Hudson and followed Sherlock out of the building, a plain black messenger bag filled with baby bits hooked over his shoulder and a smile on his face. “Where are we going?” John asked.
Sherlock was stood on the pavement. He had refused a shock blanket and to sit down, so he stood in the middle of the path with his hands rhythmically clenching and unclenching at his side. His mind was screaming; instinctively flicking from face to face, from floor to car, unable to focus on anything.
A quicker update, hallelujah but I beg you not to get to used to it because these chapters are significantly longer than the ones I am used to writing. This one is 5,000 and the previous chapter (the one before this) was 10,000.
“Bloody hell!” John muttered, breath coming out in harsh pants as he flopped back onto the mattress beside Sherlock. The duvet covered his lower half, his pyjamas were forgotten on the floor and a flannel scrunched up on the bedside table beside him. His chest was glistening with sweat and hair mussed but not nearly as much as Sherlock’s, his curls were in complete disarray. His pale body shiny in the morning light, lips swollen and a corner of the duvet covering his modesty. His long legs were sprawled out, one hanging off the bed and the other bent and thrown over John’s legs, black boxers hooked over his foot as he caught his breath.
John smirked and nodded. He pulled out a clean nappy and wipes along with clean clothes. It was a simple floral romper with short sleeves and a matching hat. John looked down at the hat and the back up at Sherlock, “perhaps we should forget the hat.”
Sherlock couldn’t contain his smile as he plucked her from Lestrade’s arms and held her up high, in level with his face so that she could see him completely. He answered the unfinished question, “apparently so.”
“Of course you are.” John agreed, frowning. There was no doubt in his mind but he was aware of Sherlock’s parents doubt from the other night, there seemed to be issues that needed to be resolved.
Maeve growled against the sensitive skin of his neck and Sherlock paused; he glanced down at Maeve and chuckled in amusement, his chest rumbling with the sound. She did it again and Sherlock snuck a look at his father, Siger looked at the scene with pure joy and complete amazement.
The blonde hurried down the street in a bid to avoid the rain, it was wet and cold, a typical stormy July day, and he had wrapped himself up in his best coat, it was hardly waterproof but it was sufficient. One of his hands held the umbrella, a gift from Mycroft and luckily, sturdy, and the other was on Maeve’s covered head. She was wearing a pink bunny outfit that his partner would most definitely not approve of. It had ears and everything. And Sherlock would murder him if he saw her.
“Is the baby ok?” He asked, voice threatening to crack. He placed his fist in front of his mouth and coughed, once, to clear his throat.
John dropped his hand and went back to working on the pile of bathroom necessities he was folding and piling neatly. “You know exactly what I mean.”
“I don’t think so,” He admitted, stopping on the spot and bouncing instead, rubbing his hand across her back in circles.
John hummed contently and Sherlock’s arms around his chest tightened pulling him impossibly closer. “How long will she sleep for?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Instead he carried on until he reached his room. It was the same one he used as a child. The walls were pale yellow and against the left wall was a large double bed, next to that was a new coat. The bed was freshly made with a pale yellow and white cover. There was a small white seat at the end of the bed and white furniture against the opposite wall. The windows were floor-length and opened onto a small balcony with metal furniture on it. There were potted plants in each corner with red flowers. Sherlock placed the car seat and bag onto the seat at the end of the bed and made quick of opening the doors. The result was instantaneous, a cool breeze entered the stuffy room.
“Just that I was not to let her out of my sights.” Mycroft told them, instinctively glancing down to check his niece, the blanket moved with each breath and her snores loud enough for him to hear in the relative silence between conversation.
“That’s them now,” Greg announced, spotting the two cars with blacked out windows approaching down the road. They stopped outside the church, one directly in front of the entrance and the other a small space behind it.
“I’ll leave you to it.” Mycroft announced, getting to his feet and retrieving the umbrella he had left on the chair.
Thank you again for all the lovely feedback - I literally couldn't write without it - and please keep it coming.
“Of course.” Sherlock opened and reached into the bag, producing a bottle of water and milk powder. He quickly and efficiently made the milk, shook it and handed it to the woman. She reassured with a smile. “I have two younger sisters, I know how to heat milk.”
“You have questions.” Sherlock stated, not looking up from the Microscope. Maeve was asleep on his chest, one arm supporting her while the other fiddled with the lenses.
Mycroft nodded, not looking up from his work. Anthea sighed. Mycroft frowned but did not look up from his work, “What is it, my dear?”
“We’re taking a bit of a break,” Greg said sheepishly, he scratched the back of his head and look at the floor.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and put Maeve in her new pram, laying down and tucked up in blankets. “Good deduction but I was hoping you’d dig a bit deeper.”
“Today we’ll be giving-” she paused to glance at the name on the file, “-Maeve her 5-in-1, this is a single jab that protects against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, polio and haemophilus influenzae type b.” She explained, “We’ll also be vaccinating her against Pneumococcal infection, rotovirus and Meningitis B.”
They pulled up outside the manor a short time later. He stepped out the car with the car seat in one hand and his briefcase in the other. A security officer took the bag from the boot and opened the front door for him. He placed the bag inside the threshold and then shut the door behind him. Mycroft placed the car seat on the closest table and unstrapped his niece. When she was in his arms he stepped further into his house.
“You are so loveable.” He muttered simply, drawing her closer to his body in his newly acquired and favourite position. Her against his chest, breathing reassuringly against his neck while her little hands moved over his chest in inquisitive and shaky movements. She whined again, a deeper sound. “I know, you’re hungry. I get it.”
“I don’t see why I have to participate.” He muttered under his breath, wrestling Maeve’s tiny feet into the soft sole shoes that matched her white lace dress and the pants that covered her nappy.
“Are you sure that’s…” John attempted to broach the subject, standing behind his armchair and his hands resting on the top of it, blue eyes looking to Sherlock with caution and worry. Sherlock raised an eyebrow expectantly and he finished “wise?”
“This is tedious,” Sherlock declared, jumping down to sit in the chair properly and pinching the bridge of his nose.
"Don't worry, I'm going." Sherlock left the room with his daughter in his hand and a smile on his face.
“When two people who like each other go out and have fun.” He sounded like a confused child. “You said it was perfect, me you and Maeve, you said it was perfect.”
Sherlock craned his neck to look at her, his very awake and irritable baby was now fighting off sleep, her eyelids drooping heavily and mouth parting, in the space of half a minute.
“Yes, me and you.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, trying to read the doctor. John seemed to realise the mistake. “And Maeve. Me, you and Maeve.”
The gardens were, as foretold, lovely. There was a nip in the air, nothing to be concerned about, but enough to warrant Maeve wearing a white fleece jacket with little ears which John called ‘adorable’ and made them buy last week. She also had on some fingerless white gloves and a pale yellow blanket that cocooned her body. She was asleep, again, and her breath came out softly in even intervals. She was resting in John’s arms as they loitered in the gardens, occasionally point out things that caught the eye – like flowers miraculously still alive and birds floating in the air. There was even a robin nest that took Sherlock’s fancy.
“You’ve gone soppy” Murray commented with mocking smile, he placed a hand on John’s shoulder and looked at him with doe eyes.
He took her exciting kicking as confirmation, in reality, it was probably a reaction to the inflexion of his voice. He didn’t give it much thought, instead, he picked up the baby shampoo and using his free hand began to massage the product into her scalp. She jerked and tried to get away. “Stop it.” He warned as he continued.
That seemed to please her as she gurgled happily in the sling, bouncing her body slightly in the secure harness. John asked simply. “Do you want me to burp her for you?”
Sherlock answered in a soothing tone as Maeve stopped cry and began to settle down again. “The metal nails have been used in two other cases but not with the same M.O, they were overdoses. He’s been practising, working his way up to this, but why her? It must be someone close, a boyfriend or brother.”
Violet smiled and they sat together on the sofa, Harold and Siger took the opposite one, already talking about golf or some such sport. John stood beside Sherlock’s chair, hands behind his back.
"Proud?" Sherlock repeated questioningly, he raised one dark eyebrow as his eyes flicked curiously over John, "I wasn't aware that one was susceptible to feelings of pride in relation to their partners."
John opened the door and allowed Sherlock to manoeuvre his way inside first, he managed with little difficulty up the one step and through the doorway with the pram.
There was silence. Maeve whined loudly and John hushed her quietly, he double his efforts with bouncing her up and down. She gurgled. “She’s twelve weeks, her name is Maeve and Sherlock is the biological father…yes, I’m sure that could be arranged. Ok, yes, I’ll call you soon, I promise. Love you too, bye.”
Sherlock ran his hand over his daughter’s back in a slow and deliberate figure of eight pattern. He was tired and struggling, still unable to comfort his daughter. He turned his face to the side and looked at John. The blonde was reading, or trying to, a crime novel. “Can you get me her spare set of clothes?”
He looked expectantly at Sherlock and the consulting detective stared blankly for a moment, his eyes flicked to John. The blonde gave a small nod of encouragement and Sherlock looked down at his daughter, eyes flicking over the intricate waves of curves forming in her dark hair and nodded once. “I will.”
He stepped over John, careful to avoid all obstacles and wove his way into the bedroom as the sound got louder. She was crying, for the first time since he’d laid eyes on her she was crying. A high-pitch wailing sound that distressed him more than he could say. “Shhh” He hushed, kneeling on the edge of the bed and leaning over the pillows to hover above her. Teared up blue eyes found his face but the crying didn’t stop, only quieting down a fraction. “Daddy’s here.” He told her.
John managed (not very well in Sherlock’s opinion) to hold back the look of shock that crossed his face and nodded dumbly in answer, he with help from Sherlock positioned her to be resting in one arm. She was cradled with her head on his chest and body supported in one arm. He used the other hand to hold the excess of dress. Sherlock shook out his arms and then placed them neatly by his side.
“Has the heat gone to your head?” He asked in a bored tone. He held a small white gift bag in his left hand.
The consulting detective quickly ran hand through his curls and swooped her up from her pram, cradling her head in one hand and his body in the other. He bounced her gently and whispered into her ear, “Shhh… you’re fine, you are absolutely fine. Daddy didn’t mean to shout.”
He opened his eyes to John hovering above him, a crying baby pressed firmly against his chest with one arm supporting her and the other on his torso, his hand pressing over Sherlock’s in an effort to stop the bleeding.
“Shut up.” Sherlock told him, voice groggy from sleep and breathing against his ear. His breath was hot and John shivered involuntary.
“Dull.” Sherlock declared, Violet feigned shock and Siger smirked. The consulting detective found himself returning the smirk of amusement, his mother had always hated the way he had to classify the world especially the cases he worked.
Lady Smallwood’s eyebrow rose slightly and she lifted her champagne close to her lips. “I was under the impression he wanted to you here for company, not to prove a point but what would I know.”
“And now you’ve got a little sprog.” Victor craned his neck to get a better view of the baby on the floor. She was on her front, head turned to the side towards Sherlock’s chair, both of her hands grasped in the cat’s fur.
Sorry for not updating, university hasn't even started yet and I am so behind on all the vacation tasks. I'm hoping to update within the week and then will be on holiday for two weeks, so no updates. After that I'm back at Uni and am hoping to be updating fairly regularly between work and stuff.
He rolled his eyes. His daughter was rather fixated with his fingers and sticking them in her mouth, she had done it to others of course but favoured him.
Mycroft recovered faster than anyone else, a smirk playing on his usually straight lips as he regarded his partner, he picked up one of the papers from the table and presented it to the grey haired man, “It seems that the press has finally caught up with my brother.”
The nurse nodded in understanding and answered his question, “Maeve may seem unwell after the jab, we are in fact injecting her with small doses of each virus, her body will respond. In most cases there is fever, raised temperature which can be 37.5 degrees or hotter – this is nothing to worry about but it will need to be monitored, if her temperature reaches 38 then you should contact your doctor or GP.”
John raised his gaze for a moment and shot Sherlock a ‘please explain’ look. “And that made her kill her sister?”
While he was waiting he placed Maeve on his lap, back to his chest and large hand across her torso in support. She looked out for a moment at the busy service station in fascination, then craned her neck back (as much as she could) to look up at Sherlock. He smiled at her and offered her his free hand, she followed it and he demonstrated that his other hand was holding her. Maeve blinked and ran her small fingers over the hand on her chest, realising that it was her father’s hand holding her firmly and began kicking in excitement.
After a dinner that was big enough to feed a family of seven the boys helped to tidy away and then left the flat for their Christmas day walk. The sky was white and threatening snow.
Sherlock smiled at that and lent down slightly, kissing him softly on the lips before pulling back, leaving a few millimetres between their lips.
Maeve was smiling at the rest of the table, small blue eyes flicking over the occupants with excitement.
Sherlock managed to open his eyes this time. He was still in the kitchen lain across the floor on his front with his head turned towards the living room where the couple were arguing. Louise had her arm wrapped around Howard’s neck, pulling him close so that their foreheads were pressed together and they were looking in each other’s eyes. They were completely focused on each other.
“Yes, yes, he could” John nodded. He looked back down at the book and spoke, this time to Sherlock. “Are you going to stand there all night?”
“John’s at work.” Sherlock told him, the question hung in the air. “And Mrs Hudson is on the way to her sisters.”
“I may be mean but I need all the pity I can get with you two ganging up on me for the next sixteen years.”
Violet was wearing an ivory dress with pink floral pattern and matching heels, a pink hat was perched atop of her grey hair, in its signature twist at the back of her head. Siger was matching, he knew it was his mother’s doing, in a dark almost black suit, ivory shirt and pink tie.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked down to his daughter. “Victor, I believe there may be some misunderstanding –”
“Did you hear me Sherlock?” His landlady asked as she climbed up the stairs and stopped in the doorway.
Violet nodded, stealing one last glance at her granddaughter before going to open the door. Siger pushed the buggy into the lounge and settled her beside the sofa, he sat down and watched her as she slept. There was laughter in the hallway, Siger picked up his book. This was going to be a long lunch time.
The tour ended in the kitchen. Sherlock was holding Maeve close to his chest, back and neck supported by his chest, sitting on one arm and the other across her small body to stop her falling. Blue eyes flicked around inquisitively. Violet looked delighted as he approached.
Mycroft nodded and sat down. The nurse cautiously turned the sleepy infant around and placed her gently in his arms, against his exposed chest. His daughter stretched out her arm and yawned.
He bent down and picked up the case files with his free hand. He threw them onto the desk, not caring that some fell onto the floor.
“Maeve.” He said with an authoritative tone. Maeve levelled him with a look not dissimilar to that Sherlock would if offered food when on a case. He raised one eyebrow at her. “Eat it.”
Violet watched him walk away and sighed to herself as she continued to bounce the baby up and down slightly. She forced back the slight feeling of dread creeping up on her and stepped back into the drawing room. “Sorry.” She told them politely.
The door opened slowly and Violet peaked inside. Her eyes gliding over her husband and settling on her son. She stepped into the room and closed the door behind her.
John rolled his eyes and lent over to give Sherlock a chaste kiss, Maeve whined loudly in protest and he lowered her down to rest on his shoulder, her face in his neck. He looked at Sherlock, "You are a child."
There was a soft tap on the door and Anthea poked her head in. “I took the liberty of getting shopping.”
John bit back a smirk. “Sorry but it’s true. Right now, she can’t dress herself so we might as well dress her in cute stuff now before it’s too late, it’ll make good pictures.”
John stopped and watched as he disappeared around the corner, hurt and protecting his child. He turned on Anderson ready to give him an earful when Sally asked, gently. “How could he not know that he had a daughter?”
Ten minutes later, they were back at the flat putting a sleeping Maeve into her cot and settling down for a film at John’s insistence. It was an old carry on film. Sherlock didn’t complain, not even when John moved closer and leaned against him. He didn’t complain, actually he quite liked it.
Mycroft nodded and placed the cup back into the saucer. He placed his now free hand on Maeve’s back. “I’ll see what I can do. The south of France?”
“Yes, your daddy likes penguins,” John told her. They stayed like that for a few moments more. “What should we go and see now? Huh, what do you fancy?”
Mycroft looked at the ground and John stepped round, behind Sherlock, his eyes fixed on the consulting detective’s back. “Your mum just wanted to spend some time with her.”
“Good.” Sherlock answered knowing that was the answer expected, sometimes it was easier to follow social conventions.
“Done?” He asked her. Maeve blinked up at him and he shifted her to rest over his shoulder on the waiting muslin. He rubbed her back in the precise practiced motion he always did. After five minutes and a handful of burps, Sherlock stopped and pulled her away from his chest.
“Stop distracting me I’m working a case.” He said simply, not meaning it as he turned back to the mirror. Maeve whined loudly and Sherlock glanced down and told her. “You can distract me to your heart’s content.”
Sherlock put his phone on the bedside table and answered, his voice low as not to disturb his sleeping daughter. “He paid someone to pick up the money and leave it somewhere else, there was no description and it was done on a burner which he’s dumped.”
Sherlock frowned. “Isn’t it obvious? Amanda is poisoning herself so that she has an alibi. She’s going to try and kill her sister with poison, something that doesn’t kill straight away but when correctly dosed, will kill.”
Sherlock heard the front door open and close, softly, Maeve was asleep then. And after a few moments, as John picked her up and collected the changing bag, the soft treads as John climbed the steps, pausing on the creaking step to check on Maeve before continuing. He stopped in the doorway for a second then stepped into the room with a warm welcoming smile to Mrs Hudson. Maeve was cradled in one arm with a thin blanket over her body, her head was titled towards the ceiling and she snored softly.
“I know.” Sherlock frowned and traced his left hand over his daughter’s sleeping face, down her neck (which resulted in a practically delightful shiver and scrunch of the nose) and arm, he stopped at her wrist and took her hand in his own.
“No, you’re good for him and he has a big enough ego. We don’t need him thinking that he’s won every argument before it’s started. He’s bad enough as it is.”
“Who are you?” He asked. Not talking to the baby in particular but to himself, it helped the brain process. But if it comforting the child then that wasn’t exactly a bad thing. He made his way back upstairs with the baby held securely in his arm, turning the letter over curiously as he walked. “Hmmm” he hummed, thoughtfully.
“Someone stinks.” John observed with a wrinkled nose. He peered down at the baby in his arms suspiciously and she frowned in return. Her face expressing much, she did stink. “I’ll change her.”
“Maeve is out, with John,” Sherlock finally asked the question, “he has taken her for a walk in the hopes of settling her down.”
An odd silence had settled over the house. It wasn’t quite the silence Mycroft was used to after living alone for so many years. There was the shuffle of feet and creak of floorboards from the other rooms occupied by his parents and brother. There was the distinct tap of his brother’s fingers on a keyboard followed by pacing and then a hushed phone call. His room was louder than it had been in years. The soft rhythmic breathing of his daughter may have been almost inaudible to the untrained ear but to him, it was a like a siren. It was new. A sound unlike any the walls of this house had ever heard before.
” he hissed “Sherlock is, he’s the kind that has never considered or wanted children, the kind that despite that took in his daughter and is trying his hardest to raise her, although he didn’t know she existed.”
John smirked and Mycroft stepped around his brother and the doctor. He took the infant from his mother and placed her so that they were eye-level. A smile appeared on her face and she released a small giggle before babbling again. Mycroft’s own lips pulled into a tiny smile.
He opened the door and was faced with his brother and partner. They were both sat on the floor with pillows propped behind their backs, opposite one another with Maeve between them on her tummy time mat. She was busy with a small dolphin toy.
Siger nodded in acknowledgement, “Mycroft was telling me about an experiment you were doing together the other day, care to tell me about it?”
Louise Fowler shared the same physique as her sister, slim built with no existent curves with the added bonus of slightly muscular arms and legs. Her skin was dotted with tattoos. Her mousy hair bleached blonde and eyes decorated with thick black makeup. They were both wearing black.
Sherlock had his eyes closed when Mycroft arrived. The elder Holmes paused in the doorway to study his younger brother. He looked strained, pale with dark circles forming under his eyes despite the peaceful look on his face. He was concentrating, focusing on something in his mind palace while Maeve slept soundly on his chest. His hand ran down her back in soft regular movements from the bottom of her skull to the swell of her nappy beneath her clothes.
“Yes,” he nodded and sat up straight, Maeve looked confused now that she was confronted with her papa’s torso but she quickly grabbed at the skin. “Let’s get you some lunch.”
Siger gestured to the seat and sat when Sherlock nodded. “You don’t need to check up on me, I’m an adult.”
Sherlock’s phone buzzed on the table, illuminating his new screensaver: a picture of the three of them at the zoo, John with his daises and Maeve with a small pumpkin and green vines across one cheek. It was taken from an upward angle and despite his protests, Sherlock took the picture because his arms were the longest. He glanced at the screen and relocked the phone without so much as looking at the message. It was a group of pictures from a new member of his homeless network, nothing too important, it was a test after all but he was certain that they had passed with flying colours which meant they could now work on an actual case.
Sherlock stopped in front of the penguin enclosure and pointed at the small penguins that were sleeping on the surface beside the water. Maeve seemed to follow his direction and peered at the small creatures.
“I sound like a worried parent already, don’t I?” He sighed as he shifted Eve to rest on his shoulder and rubbed her back.
In this chapter, we see Sherlock the working dad in action as he watches a suspect with Maeve and overly protective Mycroft coming to collect her. There are meetings and fluff
Mycroft nodded and articulated to his parents. “I’m going to take her to see Gregory, we’re going to take her back to the flat and watch her until John comes home.”
John paid him and placed the books in a bag he had waiting. He placed them beneath the pram in the under storage and left the shop with a thank you to the older man. Next, he stopped at a garden centre for some lunch. Maeve begrudgingly accepted a bottle for lunch instead of real food and he quickly ate his sandwich before picking up a few things and returning home.
“I do not intend to,” he reassured her, enunciating each word carefully as to avoid any confusion. John was going nowhere.
“Just like her father.” John joked. Sherlock choked slightly as Greg laughed wildly. Mycroft raised an eyebrow but didn’t comment, instead he focused on his niece. She was growing tired, quite content after being fed and changed, and now wrestling the urge to sleep. She continued to squirm and kick, fighting off her need for sleep, she released a distressed whine. The elder Holmes looked to his brother, at a loss. Sherlock crossed the room wordlessly, scooping his daughter up from his brother’s unfailing arms.
“He won’t stop sniffing around, one more and then we’re done baby.” A girl reasoned, her tone light despite the fact they were discussing murder.
“Was there something else?” He asked slightly confused by her appearance as he ran his and from the back of his head to his shoulders, working on the knots forming there.
“I asked Mycroft the same thing,” Sherlock admitted as he placed the two gold sparkly shoes on his daughter’s moving feet. She giggled as he wrestled with her.
Many gifts later, there was a clear winner with Maeve having the most presents. Most of which were toys or clothes of some sort. There were some fun gifts and others that were touching. A framed picture of the three of them at London zoo. A silver rattle. The best perhaps was the small collection of shoes ready for her to start walking.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just looked down at the baby for a moment. She was very…likable, he supposed. Tiny, a miniature human being, fascinating really and adorable…and well he made her.
“No.” John looked into his glass. “I did think that you might talk to me before deciding to rush off on a case alone in another country.”
“John” Sherlock shouted up the stairs. There was no response so he ran upstairs with Maeve plastered against his chest. She was wide awake despite the time, 2:00am.
Sherlock was the first to step into the flat. He stalked around till he was facing Mycroft, well facing the monitor on the table beside him. He watched for any sign of difficulties on Maeve before relaxing slightly and allowing his eyes to wander onto his elder brother for the first time.
“Been through enough trauma today,” John agreed and went about moving the basket, placing it on the stand between the two chairs and positioning it closer to the detective, close enough that he could watch her without straining his neck.
Maeve grew bored and lifted her face from his nose. She considered it for a moment before moving towards his lips. He huffed loudly but allowed her to place her ‘kisses’ on him. After a moment he pried her gently away and offered her back to John, she whined but settled down quickly in the army doctor’s arms, using her fingers to explore the beginnings of stubble on his face.
“We should start eating better,” John said absentmindedly as he bagged some carrots and placed them into the trolley.
“I managed to finish earlier than expected.” Mycroft told him, lips tugging into a small smile. “Sherlock is following a lead and Maeve has been with my parents. We need to take her home.”
“Go for walks in the park, spend all day on the sofa, is this what you do?” He asked, specifying. “Is this being a parent?”
Louise continued, “With your chosen profession, there are certain dangers, is there anyway to be sure that this will not happen again?”
Sherlock blinked and refocused on his surroundings. They had parked outside an old terrace house with the windows boarded up and the front door hanging haphazardly on its hinges, cordoned off with police tape. He shook his head and turned to face the pair; his partner and daughter. John was smiling at him – a soft smile, both reassuring and friendly, one that often settled on his features – and his hand was resting on the side of the carseat. “No,” the detective voiced, “your input will be useful.”
“Fine?” She repeated unsure. Sherlock jumped to his feet, clasping his hands together for a moment as he walked over to Mycroft. Maeve was fighting sleep, her face scrunching up much like it did when he tried to wake her. Mycroft stood in a fluid movement, moving Maeve away from his chest to give Sherlock the right amount of leverage to scoop her up. She whined in discomfort, squirming minutely before settling with a deep inhale and long exhale of breath.
Mycroft looked at the ground. It was true that he and Gregory had become close in the months after Sherrinford, sharing the occasional coffee or dinner, he had yet to inform the detective inspector of the events leading him to the hospital. He knew, or at least he guessed, that Mycroft had been seeing someone but had no idea that she was pregnant.
“I am her father. I will raise her in whatever way I see fit and you will watch, and keep whatever” he waved his hand dismissively, “
“Don’t give me that!” John huffed a laugh. “She already has a trust fund, not to mention the money she’s going to receive from you, your brother and your parents over the years, she’ll want for nothing for the rest of her life, and even then, would you want her to move out?”
Sherlock took his hand away from his daughter’s head and reached into his jacket, producing the memory stick. He held it up and Jim plucked it from between his fingers with a grin. He kissed it. The consulting detective’s hand returned immediately to his daughter’s head and he craned his neck, placing a kiss on her soft scalp. She looked up at him and growled.
Thank you for all your lovely comments last time, I was feeling anxious and just meh about this fic and you made me realize why I write it and love it. I even re-read a large chunk of it again. So yeah, thank you again, you guys are fab. Let me know what you think and just correct any mistake, their are probably loads in there.
“It’s quite, well the thing is,” Victor scratched the back of his head awkwardly. “I have a taste for-”
John perched on the arm of the sofa and Sherlock lifted Maeve up and towards him. John took her and brought her close to his chest, she squirmed in excitement before settling against him.
Sherlock pushed himself into a sitting position and peeled her out of her new chair. It was an odd little seat designed to sit on the floor, made of a soft purple material that clutched onto her making it impossible for her to fall out. He held her close to his body, high up so that her face was level with his and turned to face his brother for the first time since he’d walked in.
“Do you have children Mr Holmes?” Carol asked. Her eyes were pleading and voice threatening to break.
A_Woman_of_Stone left me a beautiful comment (thank you for all the comments, all of them are amazing and mean so much to me) and suggested a fic about Moriarty and it got me thinking, so yeah, I'm going to do a oneshot about the time that Maeve and Moriarty spent together. Look out for it, it will be called 'Ideal Enemy' and I'll be updating 'Ideal Uncle' in the next week.
Sherlock chuckled and ran his large hand down his daughter’s small back again. “She certainly prefers to spend tummy time in this position.”
“You could try relaxing,” he went on, emphasising the last word. “You know, read a book, pick up a magazine, and paint a picture…or whatever it is you do to relax.”
“The first victim’s partner.” Sherlock clarified. “He was dating both the first and second victim, the second’s victim’s boyfriend found out.”
Greg nodded and Mycroft gingerly opened the box. The ring inside was a simple gold band with a sliver of white gold through the centre, almost invisible in how it blended in with the gold. He looked up at Greg.
“How would you feel if Mycroft had done that to you and you were proposing to me?” His hands were on his hips now. That was never a good sign.
“Right, well, I guess it started a few months ago.” Maeve babbled again. Sherlock sighed, and he smiled but continued. “That’s when I met Emily. She modelled for me.”
“You go.” Mycroft cleared his throat and his eyes flicked to the unmoving form on the floor. “I’ll stay with him.”
This would have been done quicker but my laptop shut down (while on charge) as I was finishing this. Thank you for your continued love and support, it means the world to me.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in the way he often did when he was deducing and pulled Maeve away from his body, and towards the blonde. John took her and turned her around to face him. He looked down at her with a fond smile and asked, turning back to face the front of the queue. “Have I told you about the time your daddy and I met?”
“No you’re not,” the consulting detective stated and then addressed Maeve, “you’re Papa is a very mean man.”
Sherlock looked bored by the suggestion but his father nudged his father and he quickly faked a smile at his mother. He managed, “It sounds…lovely.”
“Will you teach her French?” Siger asked from the doorway, he’d apparently been there for a while just watching.
“I have some errands to run, cold cases to close. I may as well use the time productively.”  Sherlock stepped over the coffee table and stood at the side of the Moses basket for a moment, just looking in as his daughter woke up. Her face was scrunched up and glove covered hands rubbing at her still closed eyes. He leant over and placed a soft kiss on her forehead. Maeve whined again and started kicking more wildly. He pulled back and looked his brother, stormy eyes meeting grey ones. “There is milk on the table, I’ve taken the liberty of heating it for you, make sure to burp her…”
The doctor came back in, glancing around the room. He stepped into the room, followed by the same nurse as before with a bottle in her hand and small muslin. In his hands he held a file. “Miss Howards was discharged this morning” He informed them.
Maeve whined in her sleep, stretching her legs and moving her arms closer to her body. Sherlock watched her intently for any signs of discomfort or waking, when there was none he relaxed slightly but kept his attention on her.
Sherlock’s eyes focused on his daughter. He didn’t smile. He did push the soft bee toy closer to her. “No.”
Sherlock watched John's retreating form for a moment before he sighed to himself and looked down at Maeve, he asked her "what are we going to do now?"
“The case John.” Sherlock said louder than necessary. “The case is all that is important, the work.”
Enjoy, and please leave feedback, I love to hear from you all and it really encourages me to write when I'm being lazy!
"It's perfectly normal for babies to be sick." John told him, fixing the dark haired man with a firm look that was also reassuring.
It was cold. Sherlock was wrapped in his coat, the thick heavy coat and warm scarf. John needed a new winter coat, his jacket was doing little to keep the breeze out. The wind seemed to slip straight through the coat, jumper and shirt. Maeve looked toasty. Wrapped in a designer cream coat, hat, gloves and booties with a blanket covering her. She was dozing. Her face pink and nose glowing red.
Liam Ashcroft crashed through the doors face first. He stumbled and landed on the concrete with a heavy thus. His hands were tied together and he groaned loudly, face and body bruised and bloodied. The sound echoed through the concrete room. Sherlock held Maeve tighter, resting his large hand on her head to keep her curious eyes from seeing the scene.
Sherlock glared at him but his expression quickly softened. He placed a hand on Maeve’s stomach to keep her upright as he unhooked the papoose beneath his coat and pulled the infant and papoose away from his body. He passed them both to Mycroft whose expression flickered momentarily to panic. He juggled the sleeping baby and papoose in the back seat of the car.
“It was rather unexpected.” Sherlock admitted pulling himself away from the microscope and putting his other hand on his daughter’s body to support her a she slept soundly.
“Wrong” Sherlock repeated. “The hospital may have called the police but this is not your department, this has Mycroft written all over it.”
“You are trouble.” He declared. His tone was low enough to not wake John but loud enough that she could hear, voice rumbling in his chest.
“Care to share?” Sherlock pursed his lips in an obvious avoidance tactic and Greg sighed. “Do you have anything to tell me?”
“You bring me tea in the morning?” He asked, drawing the flaps of his dressing gown around his body.
Siger looked up from the page of his newspaper for a moment, eyes flicking from his wife to his youngest son and granddaughter; then back down the paper. Mycroft paid them little attention, his focus completely on his newspaper and Greg looked up from his phone.
This is a short and sweet chapter with some uncle Mycroft and daddy Sherlock, I hope you enjoy it. Next up is some Halloween stuff, late I know but what can I say? It's been slow work but I'm dedicated to bringing this fic back from the dead and finishing it once and for all.
“Because you’re you and you hate not knowing something.” John stood up. “You don’t understand how anybody could be so heartless, how anybody could abandon their child, and you want to know, you want to know why she did it.”
He exhaled and watched his breath whisk through the air like that of a dragon after breathing fire. It mingled with Maeve’s breath and evaporated into the grey air. His hand was on her stomach, keeping her tight against his chest in the papoose beneath his coat. It was cold out and his coat, though a perfect protective barrier, was open and failing in its duty. It was the pivotal moment of parenthood, choosing to keep his daughter close and warm and not himself. If that didn’t make him a good father nothing would, though he doubted that Mycroft would agree or John or Lestrade. Apparently, going on a stakeout with a baby was an ‘irresponsible act’ and shouldn’t be encouraged but with a lack of childcare or want for leaving with her somebody else left the consulting detective with little choice.
Mycroft took the bottle away from the bundle in his arms and examined it. There was barely any liquid gone. It was concerning. He offered it to Evelyn again but she moved her head aside.
Sherlock watched, fascinated. She had them wrapped around her finger, pathetic really. Though it was human nature at least that made him feel better. “He is on my side as he has said before and will continue to demonstrate it to have access to her.”
The sounds of shuffling grew louder and then, crying. It was not hysterical, quiet sob like crying. The kind that was common once she calmed down somewhat. He had placed the phone beside her face.
“Unlike this little terror.” John said raising an eyebrow and looked down at the totally oblivious baby on his lap, she was too occupied in the small selection of toys on the table.
Manicure. Neat and tidy. Hair styled precisely, clothes impeccable, no creases, no stains or smudges. The flat was in pristine condition, clean and neat, everything in a specific place. OCD. Marks from underneath the sofa, moves fractionally but not noticeable to the untrained eye. Made tea, ready to host. No signs of crying. Liar.
Sherlock nodded and rose to his feet, holding Maeve against his body with one hand. She looked around at the movement, startled but decided that she was safe in her father’s grasp and squeal – somewhere between delight and annoyance at being moved so quickly. Sherlock looked down at her and rolled his eyes (amused). “The last body was discovered yesterday.” Sherlock said, he did not ask.
Sherlock snorted and gave John his ‘are you an idiot’ look, he scoffed. “I’m pretty sure she’s the most beautiful baby I’ve ever seen.”
“So there’s stuff that you’ll need of course but Claire had a bag prepared that has everything you’ll need for the first night.” She pulled some leaflets out of her pocket and handed them to him. “These should help, stuff that you’ll need to buy tomorrow and things you definitely need to know and about the arrangements for Claire.”
“You wouldn’t stop him from seeing her.” John said quickly. Sherlock could be cruel but it was an act.
The cries were louder now. Sherlock hoped that someone would hear them and come to investigate, his mind was blurring and his actions sloppy, he wouldn’t be able to keep this up for much longer.
The blonde made the tea and brought it into the living room. Jade followed him, swishing her tail in the air as she walked behind him, eyes flicking over the two new people in the room. She stopped beside the bouncy chair and started licking herself again. John placed the tea on the table and sat on the sofa.
“No, you stared at a canvas and decided to employ my help the next. Let’s say you were struggling for creativity. Anything else you want me to explain?” He raised an eyebrow, “I could go slower.”
“He pushed you.” John finished with a small smile. He sighed and caressed Sherlock’s hair, pushing it away from his forehead and the plaster that sat there. “Small mercies.”
“Would you like anything?” Siger asked, smoothing the sides of the duvet. “Something to eat or drink?”
“Let’s get you all home then,” Anthea spoke up from the doorway, not bothering to look up from her phone.
“Hello,” she cooed at Maeve. Maeve kicked her legs against Sherlock’s torso. “Come in out of the cold.”
“And Mycroft will oversee.” Sherlock told her as he reached down to wipe some drool from his daughter’s face.
“Thank God you’re home” Sherlock muttered softly, throwing his head back against the back of the sofa exaggeratedly, hitting the wall with a soft thud.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated and he plucked it from his pocket, keeping one hand firmly on the buggy and somehow managing to remain moving in a straight line.
John bounced Maeve up and down gently and whispered to her, "did Daddy take you to the morgue to visit Molly?"
"Lovely," Sherlock rolled his eyes before fixing his gaze on John, raising an eyebrow minutely in an 'I told you so' way,
“Don’t be silly John.” Sherlock told him. He placed a kiss on the doctor’s lips and walked down the path towards the house, he called back. “You are much more than that.”
The Diogenes club, despite its silence, was a rather warm place. This office, in particular, was something that one would find in a Victorian novel but it suited Mycroft through and through.
Mrs Hudson sat herself down in the chair opposite with a giggle and clapped her hands onto her knees joyfully, her overly happy smile refusing to disappear, apparently.
The sound of crying had stopped now, either too far away or completely stopped. There was a bang from upstairs followed by a crash. Mycroft sighed. “It’s like he never left.”
“I see you’ve been cooking,” Mycroft stepped into the kitchen slowly, making sure to stroke one large hand over his nieces head before dropping down to kiss her on the forehead. He pulled the chair opposite Sherlock’s and nodded, “may I?”
He placed another kiss on her skin and didn’t bother to move his lips this time, he spoke against her skin, “I’m so sorry.”
But don't be concerned because I already have two follow-on fics in mind. One that covers the important milesgtones after she turns one and the other from when she is a teenager.
Sherlock blinked and looked down at the unoccupied bouncy chair, his eyes widened and he frowned, eyes darting around the room. “Maeve?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned his attention back to Maeve, staring down at the small infant. He sneered, “I hope you’re happy.”
“She was as good as gold, as the saying goes,” Mycroft assured him as he stepped back into the room with two cups of tea in his hands. He stepped around the chairs and baby toys and placed both mugs on the desk out of the way of the curious infant.
“Isn’t it?” John asked looking up at the consulting detective with a mischievous grin. “I’m not sure the world is quite ready for a miniature Sherlock.”
“You could barely stand to be in the same room as your brother before Maeve was born, yet you have a room in his house, a room that you used while detoxing.”
“The temperature has dropped and the man you’re watching is about to leave, you’ll be quicker on foot without an infant strapped to your front.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, like there was any doubt. Violet paused for a moment to gaze at her granddaughter, sons and their respective partners. Greg was sat on the sofa that had been pushed out of the way to make way for a photography studio, there was a case file balanced on his knee.
“You were going to leave her?” Sherlock’s voice floated from the doorway. He was lent against the wood, arms crossed over his chest.
“I- my parents and I haven’t spent this amount of time together in years. Our relationship is better, stronger now than it ever has been but being around them now reminds me of who I was then and it makes my head, louder, harder to ignore than before. This case seemed like the only way to stop that.”
“I doubt I’ll be making anymore” Sherlock assured him as placed another kiss on his daughter’s head, eyes fixed on his father as he spoke “unless me or John sudden develop the ability to conceive a child between us.”
Maeve eye’s seemed to be fixed on one piece of snow. She watched it fall and when it got too low she looked up and followed another piece with her eyes. Sherlock watched her with fond eyes.
“At nineteen I began my degree at Kings College, a condition of my rehabilitation and working with the police.”
“Semantics Sherlock.” The blonde sighed. Sherlock smiled down at his daughter fondly, eyes flicking to meet John’s for a second before settling back on Maeve. “Do you want me to take her?”
“You want your Daddy?” John asked. He was getting to know the infant rather well and was well aware that she preferred the company of her father the moment she woke, and though she tolerated him, when she knew he was in the room she preferred him. She knew exactly what she wanted, he supposed that she got that from Sherlock.
Sherlock stepped closer to the body. The victim was on the floor, back arched with a leg caught underneath her body and arms flailed out messily, she was positioned as she fell then. Neck snapped, bruising around the throat obvious and her eyes wide open and glassy. She was underneath Whistlejacket, a George Stubbs painting of a horse of its hinds legs.  But, her head was looking back with her eyes focused (as much as a dead persons eyes could be focused) on The Fighting Temeraire, a Joseph Mallord William Turner painting.
Mycroft placed his umbrella against the wall and took off his suit jacket, he placed it on the back of the armchair that belonged to John and then stopped and looked down at his brother, the coffee table separating them. He lifted his arms in a ‘hand her to me’ gesture and instructed. “Give her to me and go shower.”
He’d discovered very little and Lestrade was expecting enough evidence to convict both Louise Fowler and Howard Lewis of murder. The duo (he suspected this was due to Louise) had left no fingerprints or fibres on the body or at the scene. It was rather brilliant, though as John would say ‘a bit not good’ and the good doctor was right, a team capable of getting away with murder was rather…bad.
Sherlock said nothing. He watched her walk away and then looked around the room. John was with a group of soldiers and ex-soldiers exchanging war stories. He looked as though he were in his element. There was a glass of whisky in his hand, the brand Mycroft preferred. Sherlock couldn’t fault the choice. It was exquisite whisky though John had rather a fondness for the stuff.
Greg nodded and continued. “He’s a criminal, well, he’s a criminal mastermind. She’s safe with him.”
Violet ignored the question and opened the drawing room door. Siger came down the hallway, Maeve cradled in his arms and screaming at the top of her lungs. Her coat and scarf had been removed but the blanket was still draped over the bottom half of her body. “Is she ok?” Violet asked concerned.
Maeve was still awake, blue eyes forced open and getting fussier by the second. John lent over the pram handle so that she had a good view of him and spoke to her softly. “Your Daddy is working a case, he solves crime. He pretends that it’s because of the ‘game’ but he likes to help people, he’d never admit it but that feeling, the one of solving a case, it’s the best.”
Maeve jerked against his chest but was calmed when Sherlock’s palm ran down her back and he whispered softly into her ear, craning his neck. “Daddy is here.”
“Right,” Sherlock announced readjusting Maeve so that he was holding her with two hands a small space away from his body with her body submerged in the water, only her shoulders upward above the surface of the pool. “Do you trust me?”
Shit. This was not good. His eyes flicked over to the letter on the table. His name standing out in black ink against the off-white envelope.
Sherlock closed his eyes and continued to rub his daughter’s back. “John has been in far worse situations, he is fully equipped to deal with an upset infant.”
Donovan had been collecting statements all afternoon and Anderson running forensics, he’d had a call from Sherlock about a possible lead but there had been nothing else, no time or place. He’d tried calling back but the consulting detective had been screening his calls all day, he’d tried John but he was at the clinic.
John held up his hands in mock surrender as he plopped into his armchair. “No, I’m gooey over her just like the rest of you.”
“It’s always the broccoli,” Sherlock said more to himself than anybody else. He formed a hook with his finger and scooped the remaining vegetable out of her open mouth before handing her a piece of cooked carrot to pacify her. He used a wipe from the pack on the table to clean his finger and looked up at Lestrade, he was watching them with an amused smile that looked lopsided on his tired face.
Sherlock said nothing, instead he came to sit on the sofa that his mother had been sitting on to the surprise of Mycroft as he stepped into the room. He usually went for a chair further away. Violet retook her seat. He told her simply. “She doesn’t like waking up.”
“Weird relationship.” John finished with a puff of laughter, “they’re close but they don’t like you to think they are. Human error and all that. They think that emotions are for the weak…”
“I assume you didn’t bring me here to chat.” John broke through the silence. Greg looked taken back. The blonde shut his eyes and sighed, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued. “There are spare clothes in the bag and three bottles and formula, if you require more…”
Sherlock only growled into the pillow and lifted his head enough to speak. “I know that John. He won’t let any harm come to her.”
“The only reason mother insisted on this joyous event is because you decided to have procreate.” Mycroft informed him, stepping away from the mirror and standing beside his brother. He watched his niece, a fond smile settling on his usually collected face.
He lifted Maeve and the car seat out of the cab and into Sherlock’s waiting arms. Then he climbed out of the cab. He gave Sherlock a pointed look, “what’s wrong with you?”
The detective conceded with a small nod of his head. “I was under the impression that a child conceived out of wedlock would not be acceptable in their eyes, let alone fathered by me, I was wrong in that regard, they have been nothing but supportive in my raising of Maeve, and interfere only because they care.”
Maeve frowned. John offered her one of his hands and she accepted, holding two of his fingers in her small fists. Her face softened and she smiled, looking back up at Sherlock, not releasing her grip on his hand.
“Shall we talk about…Papa? Or Dickens? Or Bees? What do you think?” Maeve didn’t answer. “Well, Papa’s at work, no doubt curing the world of snotty noses and writing sick notes.” He sniffed. “Bleak House is arguably the most profound of Dickens work and well, the bees must be saved at all costs, they are dreadfully interesting and incredibly intelligent. We would not be alive if not for the bees.”
“The usual amount that you ask for is five hundred thousand.” He ran a hand through his curls. “But the stakes are higher, you’ll require more from me.”
“Remember, music is key in our sensory development.” The freckled blonde leading the group repeated, her voice was soft and full of enthusiasm. She spoke to the entire group as though were children. “Music helps our babies to grow physically, emotionally and intellectually.”
“Shut up.” He snapped, fixing John with a murderous look. “You want to reassure me. I do not need reassuring John. I need to get her back, not platitudes. So do not tell me that everything will be alright, not unless she is in my arms, unharmed.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and focused on his task, he lifted the bottle away from Maeve in an attempt to get her to slow down. She whined and he offered it to her again, placing the teat at her lips and watching her eagerly accept it. He admitted, “I can’t lose her.”
“A string of murders in Paris. The police haven’t even realised they’re connected yet. Worth a look.”
“He’ll be glad to Mummy.” Maeve yawned loudly against his chest, eyes drifting closed and Mycroft lowered his voice. “You know he adores her.”
John twisted his neck, the smile on his face transforming into a grin at the sight of his partner fresh from bed. Sherlock’s hair was wild, mussed and one cheek rosy from being slept on. He didn’t look annoyed, only mildly amused and surprised. John cleared his throat and turned his attention back towards Maeve, “I was already awake.”
Mycroft said nothing, just shot an equally annoyed look at his partner then looked down at the floor.
“There’s significant blunt force trauma to the back of the head but signs of knife wounds to the arms and torso.” He explained.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the various photographs in the flat, there were a few on the sideboard with the victim, Amanda Fowler. She looked happy. The boyfriend looked genuinely upset but he could be acting, there were signs that could suggest both, Sherlock thought to himself as he turned back to face him.
“I’m not the childish one, I’m involved” he mimicked his older brother, reciting his exact words from earlier.
“Let’s wash your face.” John suggested and he took the other sponge, a yellow one that was floating around in the cool water, squeezed it, and dabbed at her messy face. Maeve jerked in surprised and pulled her face back, away from the sponge. John followed her and struggled to clean her face, she growled in warning and he dropped the sponge back into the water, “done, see that wasn’t so bad, was it?”
“Oh.” Greg exclaimed, forgetting where he was for a moment, he returned to the subject at hand while keeping a firm grip on the baby. “It’s a mess in there, we received a called at 12:33 of a break in, there was a scream and we lost the connection. A patrol car arrived at 12:45 and well, the place is a mess.”
Sherlock took a deep steadying breath and opened his eyes once more. He shifted in his seat and lent forward, careful not to disturb Maeve, asleep against his chest. “You know how my mind works.”
Maeve let out a soft cry as she woke and Mrs Hudson held out an understanding hand before disappearing downstairs leaving both father and daughter alone. Sherlock placed a large hand on the back of her head and kissed her soft hair. In one shift movement he was sat in his armchair, placing a muslin over her front and offering her the bottle. She squirmed for a moment before accepting it and drinking enthusiastically.
Mrs Hudson quickly disappeared after setting down the tea tray on the desk, now fearing that the coffee table was too low and easily accessible by an increasingly ready to move Maeve. She muttered something about needing to do some shopping and wanting to let Sherlock get on with his work while Greg pulled out his notepad. No case file, Sherlock noted as he sipped his tea. It burnt his tongue in touch but he revelled in the feeling, he’d always enjoyed his tea and coffee hot, almost too hot.
Sherlock nodded and wrestled a very upset baby into her carseat. John closed the door and the car pulled away without Sherlock having to give an address, the driver had already been informed on everything.
“Wow.” John managed. He slowly lowered himself down onto the bed, sitting on the opposite side to Maeve and his partner.
“Your mother has a lot to answer for.” She told him with a slightly disapproving, but fond raised eyebrow as she picked up the cup and saucer and handed them to him. Sherlock took the saucer from her in one large hand and moved it to hover above his lap, with his free hand he picked up the cup and sipped his tea.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded and stretched out on the sofa like a cat, he took one arm off of his daughter and place it on the back on the sofa. “I told Mike I was looking for a flat share and he returned after lunch with your son.”
Sherlock smirked and stepped further into the room, leaning over the arm of the chair to gaze at his daughter cradled in the grey haired man’s arms. He clarified “It wasn’t a criticism.”
“Fine, it’s a very lovely name.” Sherlock gave a curt nod in agreement, like he would pick anything else for his beautiful daughter. Mycroft continued. “And you must tell mummy and father, they’ll be over the moon.”
“I don’t relax.” Sherlock spat, walking around the pool and stepping over the detective inspectors legs.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and shifted Maeve to rest in his arm, cradled against his torso and offering her the milk. She accepted it, small rosy lips parting sleepily around the teat. He went back to focusing on the board, stopping occasionally to watch his daughter or dab at her lips with muslin. Greg and Sally watched in silence, in awe of Sherlock’s natural ability to nurture his child. The consulting detective remained quiet while going about the task, not speaking again till he had the newborn settled with her chin on his shoulder, protected by a muslin and rubbed her back encouragingly.
“That’s enough for today” he told her, leaning down to kiss the top of the head and tasting chlorine.
His office wasn’t designed with a child in mind. It was small in size and dark with stone walls and a large portrait behind the desk, it was bare and modern, unlike his various other offices which were warm and usually full of wood. Maeve remained asleep in her car seat, placed on the chair across from him. He flicked through the papers that Anthea had finished touching upon his detour. Everything was in order for the meeting.
Thirty-Five: Sherlock and John take Maeve to the country for a few days, fresh air away from the city. A fluffy family holiday.
Bags under their eyes. Tired. Long shift. Long and difficult labour. Flushed. Scrubs clean. Perspiration stains under the armpits. Sweat along the forehead and top of the lip.
John walked him out of the clinic, carrying the car seat and changing bag. Sarah was stood behind the desk and managed a sad smile at the sight of them with a still very upset Maeve, crying at the top of her lungs.
“I hear Mycroft is doing quite well.” Beatrice struck up conversationally, her smile faked. She was the most conceited of the bunch, the most absorbed with reputation and scandal, the gossip of the group.
“Of course not.” Sherlock frowned, his daughter was chewing on the pad of his finger leisurely. “A child deserves to know their family.”
Sherlock levelled him with a look. “She is under the impression that I’ll be bringing my daughter to her gala which starts at eight John, a time which usually sees her in bed, not at a party.”
“Lestrade texted, he wants to make sure he has all the details on the Fowler case” Sherlock informed John keeping his tone light and eyes on Maeve.
Mycroft nodded and stood up. He wordlessly offered his niece to her Papa, she growled in annoyance. John sighed, “That’s lovely that is.”
Violet Holmes drops by Baker Street, Sherlock makes an idiot of himself in front of John and the boys have dinner at Angelos.
A moment later the door swung open to reveal a very surprised looking Siger, he looked his son up and down before his eyes flicked over the others. Grey eyes rested on the pram and softened slightly.
“Ignore him,” Greg said, gesturing towards the consulting detective stood at the window, all but oblivious to their presence in the room. “He’s thinking about something.”
“One bottle,” John announced quietly, brandishing both items for his partner to see. Sherlock looked up at him. “And a muslin.”
“We could hardly have lost her John we’ve only been home for twenty minutes.” Sherlock scolded, his lips tugging into an amused smile.
Sherlock’s eyes opened and he fixed them on the priest, who was looking at him with soft but intense eyes, not at all offended by the consulting detective. He knew of the circumstances then. He then looked away, gaze resting on Greg and Molly; she was dressed in by far the best outfit she had ever picked, he recognised his mother’s hand in it. It was pink dress with a large rose print, a right top with thin straps and a tube skirt, with small strappy white heels and a matching cardigan over her shoulders.
There was a soft tap at the door and it opened. He didn’t have to look up to know that it was Doctor Green that stepped in, followed by a nurse. The perfume was a dead giveaway. She managed a small smile in greeting. “Mr Holmes.”
His father was stood outside when the cab stopped. His foot tapped impatiently against the concrete and he looked up at the sound of the cab breaking. He crossed the busy path and opened the door.
Mycroft nodded and looked once more at his brother. The younger Holmes was pulling off his oxygen mask, face angled towards Mycroft and eyes struggling to focus through the shock and pain. “Maeve…”
Sherlock’s visit to his homeless network provided fruitful, he’d recruited two more members both of which were very young and tough-talking, with phones and some sandwiches, they were hopping off to do his bidding. He knew that they were in good hands with some of the veterans of his network looking after them. There had been no changes to the routines of his markers that warranted his concern. So, with the knowledge that he was in good hands he returned to the flat with a bag of shopping that John had been nagging him to buy with all his free time. It was the essentials bread, honey, milk, baby formula and some apples. He stepped into the kitchen as his brother lifted the spoon of mashed carrots to his daughter’s lips. She pursed them and refused to accept the food. If the state of her orange smeared bib was anything to go by, she’d been more than difficult.
“I’ve had the room transformed somewhat since his last visit,” Mycroft sniffed. “It’s now a nursery.”
“I hadn’t.” Sherlock admitted, he kept hold of Maeve with one large hand on her head and arm supporting her back while picking up the tea with the other and taking a sip. He held it out to the side, arm bent and out of the way of the baby on his knees. “It all happened rather quickly.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and flickered to his father and then the large dining room table covered with food.
Sherlock stared out of the car window deep in thought and rested his hand absentmindedly on his daughter, not applying any weight, just touching her with his palm, fingers tightening in minute movements in the fabric of her dress – reassuring himself that she was still there and grounding his thoughts – as Greg pulled up the car and turned off the engine. The grey haired man glanced back with a tight smile and nodded to Donovan, the pair climbed out of the car and settled on the pavement beside a group of officers and forensic workers.
The water was lukewarm, enough for a baby to handle but not nearly hot enough for Sherlock to enjoy. The sacrifices of being a parent. He washed himself, with Maeve’s soap and shampoo as anything else would irritate her fresh skin, and was running the soft sponge over her tiny body in small delicate strokes. She looked up at him, blue eyes bright through her dark lashes.
“Shut up,” John muttered affectionately and lent down to place a kiss on the consulting detective’s forehead before pushing himself to his feet. “I just wish that you’d clean up after yourself.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He did exactly as he was told. He shifted Maeve to cradle in her arms and offered her the bottle which she suckled on immediately.
Sherlock was true to his word and five minutes later he and John were in a cab on the way to Baker Street.
It struck him how odd they would seem to an outsider. But now, just the two of them, the morbid curiosity that he’d always experienced and that she fostered from a young age, it was completely normal.
Mycroft interrupted, voice completely calm as per usual. “He needed to blow off some steam, the walk helped with that and now he’s enjoying the company of his daughter. He’ll be back shortly.”
His eyes flicked to the bathroom. His father nodded and stepped into the room, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock looked rather out of depth, like a deer caught in the headlights and mumbled, "yes, I share similar sentiments to you, John."
The group of forensics and officers were still outside the house, stood on the pavement conversing quietly and the young officer that Sherlock had sanctioned to look after his daughter was lent against the car with his arms crossed over his chest. He started at the sight of Sherlock and pushed himself from the car, arms dropping to his side uselessly.
"John" Sherlock broke through his lightheartedness, tone severe and grey eyes like a storm. He watched Maeve entertain herself with the collar of John's shirt and softened his tone slightly, going as far as feigning politeness, something that didn't come naturally to the consulting detective. "If you wouldn't mind removing my stitches, it would be much appreciated."
Sherlock craned his head to get a better look and winced at the movement. John was frowning at him or at least trying to, the look of relief on his face outshone the frown. “I told you before John that I am a very difficult man to kill.”
Mycroft continued, “I’ve taken the liberty of having some shopping delivered. Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and then seemed to drop the subject. He muttered with all the petulance of a child, “fine.”
“They would never forgive you if you took her from me,” Sherlock cautioned, his eyes were harsh but pleading.
It was unlike any other Christmas day. Sherlock woke up and resisted the urge to roll over and close his eyes. Instead he blinked until he could focus properly and concentrated on the sounds around him. John was still sleeping, a light sleep and through the faint crackle of the baby monitor he could hear Maeve’s soft breathing as she slept on.  Usually, his Christmas day routine consisted of sleeping until even that became boring before indulging in some mince pies and his violin. It wasn’t exactly glamorous but it was routine.
“She’s just like you were, eager to move around. Never quite,” Sherlock stared at him, “satisfied when sitting around. I guess that’s part of the reason you’re so good at your job.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Greg critically and sighed, he admitted, “Sentimental, happy, scared, tired, proud and old.”
I would like to remind everyone that Mycroft is not a bad guy, he just wants what is best for his brother and now for his niece, he is not trying to hurt Sherlock and I don’t want him to be hated for his harsh truths (more specifically, my writing of him this way). Mycroft Holmes is man willing to do anything and in this case, he wants his brother to know that he’ll protect Maeve from him, even if it means taking her away.
“Just this once mind you, I’m not your housekeeper.” She reminded him as she placed the tray on the table beside Siger. Sherlock and John grinned at one another but said nothing. She noticed the cat and frowned, “oh, Sherlock, what’ve you got a cat for?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the screen and lent forward, placing his elbows on the table to get as close to the screen as possible without getting up and standing directly in front of it. The movement didn’t go unnoticed by Mycroft or John but everyone remained silent, focused on the screen.
They started eating, Sherlock spinning his spaghetti carbonara around his fork and plopping it delicately into his mouth. John stabbed a piece of penne and ventured, “Do you mind?”
“It’s a beautiful country,” John started. He stopped beside a stone bench in some hedges and gestured for Sherlock to sit, the taller man sat on one side and John a few inches away, angling their bodies to face each other. “Well, when you’re sent on your first tour you expect poverty, violence and suffering because that’s all you ever see on the news and what you’re trained to expect but, it’s a spectacular place. There’s two sides to it.”
Sherlock scrunched his nose in disgust, “my grandmother preferred a room at the front of the house.”
“I feel safer knowing that you have it, in case something happens.” Sherlock admitted. His eyes were fixed on John, ignoring the other people at the table and John could see a flash of worry in his expression.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock glared down at his daughter. Maeve gazed up at Sherlock, blue eyes wide and completely focused on his face. Mycroft chuckled softly behind him in amusement and the consulting detective looked over his shoulder to glare at the older man before turning back to Maeve, forcefully softening his expression.
He kissed the top of her head softly and then craned his neck to check her for a response, there was none apart from the slight wrinkling of her nose. The lines softened and she relaxed further into sleep. Satisfied, Sherlock moved back to his seat, his father dutifully lifted the blanket a moment before the consulting detective plopped himself down. Siger placed the blanket over Maeve’s back. The only sign of thanks from Sherlock was his eyes flicking up to his father, face softening minutely before looking back at Maeve and settling further down in his seat.
Sherlock shook his head and looked at the ground. He admitted, voice brittle. “I just want her back.”
“Your homeless network leave a lot to be desired in the art of stalking.” She told him, stepping into the kitchen and crouching down in front of him. “You, I didn’t even see you.”
“Haven’t we gone through that,” Claire huffed, pulling her top back over her belly and struggling to get up. Mycroft stepped forward and offered her two hands, one on her back and the other holding her hand, pulling her up into a seated position. She smiled in thanks.
Anthea had set up shop on the sofa, where Sherlock had once been, her legs tucked underneath her body and papers on the coffee table, a laptop on her lap. Mycroft was cradling his now sleeping niece and with his free hand reading a file. “Monitor the situation, I doubt there will be need to intervene but we’ll keep a weathered eye.”
Greg craned his neck to look at Sherlock, the consulting detective was lent against the door frame wearing a beige dressing gown that matched Maeve’s and a towel throw over his shoulder.
“Allow me” Mycroft gestured to Maeve. The Detective Inspector handed over the screaming baby, allowing Mycroft to take her and move her so that her face was pressed into his neck and resting on his collar bone, the length of her body pressed against his and his hand planted firmly on her back.
The nurse came over with a tray with the syringes lined up and small plasters with teddy bears, her hands now covered with gloves. She smiled softly at baby Maeve and then faced Sherlock, “this can be very difficult for parents.”
Sherlock mocked offence at the accusation and raised an eyebrow curiously, he countered “you were the one that came into my flat to cause trouble.”
John nodded and turned, his parents had disappeared down the hallway. He sighed and rushed in the same direction.
Anthea fixed him with a pleading look and spoke, “You are the highest qualified person for this situation, sir.”
Anthea left closing the door behind her as Sherlock moved to stand in front of his brother’s desk, pushing the pram so it was in line with his desk. She was finally sleeping soundly, a blanket over her legs and the bee toy to her side, one hand resting beside her face and curled into a small fist.
Sherlock sighed and shifted his gaze to rest on Maeve. “The suspect didn’t agree with my attempt to apprehend him, he pushed me and I tripped over a brick.”
The scene before them was one from a horror movie. The room was in shambles, glass shattered across the floor and furniture overturned, complete disarray. The victim, a woman in her late twenties, positively identified as one Amanda Fowler, the woman who has called the police was on the wall. Her body was stripped of clothing and she was attached to the wall via thick iron needles through her hands and feet. Her head was bowed, throat slit and the source of the blood that had oozed over her body, down the wall and pooled on the floor beneath her. And the question on everyone’s mind was: How could one person achieve this and escape in twelve minutes?
The pair had been dating for seven months and were apparently becoming quite serious, they were even considering moving in together when they reached ten months. He had already been informed of her death after the body had been discovered.
“Well you’re the one talking to a baby as though she were an adult.” Victor said and for a moment, it was as though they were at university again. The effortless banter of close friends flowing once more.
The elder Holmes’ eyes flicked over the occupants of the room, quickly over John, then his parents, he spent longer on Greg and then settled on Sherlock. “Mild concussions.”
The auburn haired man ignored him in favour of focusing completely on his niece, he gently pried her hand away from her open mouth and once again smiled at her, hoping that she would smile back. Sherlock watched, craning his neck to peek over his shoulder at Maeve, she didn’t notice his presence, continuing to look at Mycroft with deep blue eyes and occasionally blink, dark eyelashes fluttering against pink skin. He watched minutely over his brother’s shoulder as the corners of her lips tugged up faintly, as though she was testing the action and the muscles it used.
“This is Maeve” he introduced, turning his body slightly so his landlady had a better view of the baby resting against his chest. “My daughter. She’ll require the spare room upstairs.”
“Is your brother coming for tea?” Mrs Hudson asked. She arranged the stuffed toys on the sofa and then set about cleaning the coffee table, the surface of which was covered with papers, books, muslins, bottles and a few toys.
Sherlock glared, it was less effective with his lips pulled into a pout and chin resting gently on his daughter’s head. He was still rocking her softly.
“Done,” the nurse declared as she placed the last plaster on the girl’s thigh, quickly picked up the tray and moved to the other side of the room.
Anthea looked back at Maeve, her cheeks were tinted pink and small lips parted, “she looks like him.”
“You grew up in the country, it’s hardly surprising that you should enjoy spending your time here.” Sherlock deduces, he inhaled deeply. “You were older when you came to the city, that’s when you discovered your love for London and decided to train there to become a doctor.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock shuffled his feet slightly. “That was…wrong of me, I will endeavour to do better.”
Siger opened the front of the box and the cat slowly stepped out. It was a girl, tortoiseshell with more black than white, which was only evident on her paws and the underside of her stomach, and ginger sparse in the dark fur. Her green eyes flicked over the flat sceptically then settled on the consulting detective. She meowed loudly. Sherlock reached out to stroke her but his father quickly grabbed his hand.
“That’s great mum,” John said rather flatly. “I’m calling because I have something to tell you, you and dad.”
The aftermath of the kidnapping. This chapter is basically a continuation of the last because it was getting too long.
Sherlock hooked their new baby bag over the handles of the pram and got in position, ready to walk with the pram as John stood beside him. “She likes kids, working in a place like this you’d have to and has extensive knowledge on the babies and what they need.”
Sherlock raised both eyebrows and let the subject drop, he continued walking with Samantha following a step or two behind him, and he told her simply “No wife, or girlfriend, the mother is out of the picture.”
“He started breaking things, I-I couldn’t see but I could hear h-him, he started hitting th-things.”
“I hate you.” Sherlock announced, pouting. He picked up Maeve’s hand and brought it to his lips, placing a kiss on it. Her fingers uncurled and ran over his lips.
“This is the Matrix system stroller, it’s three in one. You can have it as a pram or attach the carseat, and it shifts into a buggy for when’s she’s a little older.” Emma explained, it was the best pram in the store. “There are various colours in stock.”
His mother placed the gift on the floor in front of him. It was large and clearly a device to help Maeve walk.
John opened his mouth to respond but simply shut it again, there was no point. When they reached a hallway Sherlock gestured to one on the right side, he then went ahead and opened the door, stepping into the room quickly. John followed. It was dark blue, almost purple with charts and medical posters tacked to the walls. There were books and notepads in neat stacks and a desk covered with pieces of paper. The bed was large and made, grey sheets with a comforter and pillows. Sherlock continued to bounce Maeve in his arms until she was almost settled, the only reminder of her shock a quivering lip. With a dramatic sigh the detective dropped onto the bed, landing on his back with a soft thud and his daughter tight against his chest.
I feel like I haven't updated in ages and will be rectifying that as I really enjoying writing this fic and all the lovely comments that I get for it. Thank you, I do really enjoy hearing from all of you.
He was on the front page of at least seven different newspapers, a picture of him cradling Maeve protectively on his shoulder was the favourite accompanying headlines such as ‘Sherlock Holmes the doting dad spotted cradling baby daughter on a stroll through the city’. There was no name published, only that she was a baby girl and that she was born at the beginning of May. It was also lucky that they hadn’t managed to get a good shot of her, only her back and slightly curled back hair against Sherlock’s chest. The consulting detective however looked good pale skin practically glowing in the sunshine and dark curly hair, eyes severe but soft as he gazed down at his daughter.
Violet raised an eyebrow in disbelief and gestured towards the oven. “John, I do hope you like lamb.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and remembered the event, a mere four days previous. Since then he’d gotten her to laugh through physical stimulation such as tickling her or blowing raspberries on her stomach, and only thrice through no physical stimulation. It was similar to her first time, using expressions to surprise and amuse her but the last time had been in response to his physical pain, or more particularly the moment he had stubbed his toe and cursed.
Greg’s eyes lit up the moment he looked up from the flimsy cup of tea in his hands to see Sherlock approaching pushing the purple buggy with John beside him. The Detective Inspector got up from his position lent against the wall and walked to meet them as they crossed under the yellow tape, he immediately peered into the buggy ignoring the adults in favour of the baby who had woken up on the journey. She looked up at him with wide blue eyes and growled excitedly.
“What is?” Sherlock asked, putting the two bags at the bottom of the pram and prying his daughter from the doctor’s arms, just holding her for a moment while he looked at John expectantly. Her nose scrunched up in annoyance but she remained asleep, warning that more movement would wake her.
Sherlock was stood beside the baggage carousel. Maeve was quiet and near sleep in his arms. The baby bag was hooked over his shoulder and he was jiggling her up and down in small smooth movements.
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed, cheeks heating up as Maeve jerked and attempted to twist her head to get a better look at him. He lifted and twisted her so that she was facing him, at level with his face. “Papa isn’t very nice to daddy, is he?”
Mycroft was sat at the table with his first coffee of the morning when his brother strode in as though he owned the place. Security had not called so they were unaware that he was here.
“It’s a Santa hat, isn’t it?” Sherlock said with all the amusement one might muster after watching a two-hour French documentary.
Greg nodded and considered it for a moment. He reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out his mobile. “I’ll call Myc.”
“I’ll take that as a no,” Greg mumbled to himself, pushing out his chair and rising to his feet. He walked around the table, dropped into a crouch beside Maeve and gingerly reached out to touch the tinted pink cheek as she snored softly, mouth parted. He addressed her, “come to your uncle Greg.”
Mycroft nodded in understanding and instructed the driver of the change of destination. Sherlock craned his neck to glance at Maeve and smiled in amusement, she was watching the world curiously over his shoulder. He continued to rub her back until she released a series of quiet burps and finished with spitting up some milk over his shoulder onto the waiting muslin. Satisfied with the outcome, Sherlock brought her forward and manoeuvred her to rest in one arm and removed the muslin from his shoulder. There was a small amount of milky white sick on it, he folded it and used a clean corner to dab her mouth.
“It’s probably for the best considering the outcome.” Mycroft suggested as he stepped closer to his mother, allowing her a better look at the infant against his chest. Maeve abandoned her neck and pushed her face into his suit jacket instead.
Sherlock spun around to face him, continuing to move backwards with grace and raised an eyebrow. John sighed and explained, like he was an idiot, he looked far too dramatic for a man holding a baby tight to him. There was no way that a man carrying a baby should look that intimidating. “You are still recovering and caffeine will keep you awake.”
“I’ve invited Mrs Hudson to join us for dinner,” John told him before walking out of the room with the rubbish that he had collected.
“She can’t talk John and I’m not a mind reader” Sherlock snapped. “She was abandoned, obviously and there’s a note but I can’t open it with just one hand.”
“You shouldn’t be overexerting yourself,” John told him, brows furrowing. Sherlock rolled his eyes and brushed his hand over Maeve’s head. John frowned, “I’m serious, and you’ve been through a massive trauma.”
Maeve began running her hands over his chest through the currents of water with enthusiasm. There was no water hitting her face, he’d made sure the direction of the water would hit only her back and his front. He needed to wash his hair…but that was almost impossible with her in his arms. Also, she was only allowed her own brand of shampoo.
Sherlock looked far more imposing that any man holding a baby dressed in a pink rabbit onesie should, his pale eyes were narrow and the pupil’s small, darting over Harry, and his lips pulled into a thin line. “Three months.”
They were in the lounge, at the back of the house, Maeve in a bouncy chair reaching up at the small soft toys dangling from the arch. Her mouth open and drool escaping, running down her chin.
Sherlock ignored them in favour of repositioning Maeve, he hooked his hands underneath her arms and pulled her gently further up his chest, stopping when her face was tucked underneath his chin. He craned his neck back to rest his lips upon her forehead, kissing the warm skin and leaving them there.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered, elongating the ‘s’ slightly as he unhooked the sling with practised ease and handed Maeve to John, he took her gladly with a smile.
“He saw things before you did,” John frowned at the memory. “The deviation from pattern and change in routine.”
“She was rather…excitable for the better part of an hour. After some difficulties with dinner, she settled down somewhat.” He looked over his shoulder as John came into the room.
“To cover up the murder, he finds out his partner is cheating” he paused while Maeve burped close to his ear. “He finds out she is cheating, follows the man and see’s victim number one. He’s angry, but smart, really smart, he doesn’t want to be caught so he invents a serial killer, kills the girlfriend of the man sleeping with his partner before killing his own wife, then he kills the third. Who’d suspect the second victims boyfriend?”
Mycroft lifted her up to hover above his face for a moment before holding her close and turning his face to look at Sherlock, his younger brother glaring at him, seething silently, he breathed deeply through his nose.
“His mother, Margaret Ashcroft, married into money when he was ten,” Anthea informed them all. “He was arrested for assault at the age of thirteen but no charges were brought, his mother and step-father separated a week later, the divorce was finalised after three months.”
Violet felt a pang in her chest for her husband. He was trying, as much as he could, it was no secret that they had a difficult relationship with their youngest son. He’d always been difficult even as a child and had favoured Mycroft, though he would never admit to it now, he was independent and had been since he was sixteen.
Mycroft rose from the chair, holding Maeve against his body as he did so and placed her on the blanket and pillows he’d prepared on the floor. She sent him a confused and slightly upset look. He told her, “Shhh, I’ll be right here.”
“We suspect the man we’re dealing with is a sexual sadist” Sherlock told him. “He enjoys the pain he inflicts and has little care about the gender of his victims, but he left you alive, do you have any indication why?”
Mycroft glanced at him, grey eyes narrowing in disconcert and he nodded once, curtly. He responded, “You won’t.”
Domestic life is hard for Sherlock but as long as he has John and Maeve, he knows he'll be alright. Or, Sherlock spends the day at home with Maeve and they begin taste-testing foods while Uncle Mycroft arrives for his weekly visit.
Mycroft sighed and looked up, to where Claire was gesturing, a spot on her stomach where a foot or hand kicked, stretching the skin. His mouth dropped slightly. “Is that a hand or a foot?”
“Good morning Mrs Hudson.” John greeted, looking up from Maeve to smile at his landlady before looking back at Maeve and making faces at her. He’d seen Sherlock do it a few times in the hopes that she would copy, it was also a good exercise to learn the muscles in her face.
“Goodbye Mummy.” Mycroft kissed his mother’s cheek angling his body so that Maeve wouldn’t be crushed between them. He drew back. “Father, ladies.”
There were a few supportive smiles from other parents in the waiting area. John lead him out, holding open the doors for his partner and the distressed infant. The car was waiting for them, the driver opened the door and stepped away to allow them access. Sherlock ducked into the car with Maeve and slid across to allow John room to place the car seat in there.
The black car slowed down and before it had stopped the door opened, Mycroft stepped out and onto the pavement.
“That was nice of you Sherlock.” Mrs Hudson told him with the look one might give a dog that followed an order and got a treat in return.
“She’s just stubborn Sherlock.” John smiled, running his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder and down his back. “Like you.”
Roughly ten minutes later Sherlock reappeared, pausing in the doorway to wait for John and continued once his blonde companion was beside him, speaking to him in a hushed tone with a smile on his face. His eyes flicked to the Detective Inspector and his daughter, and he noticed her interest in the pavement with slight annoyance. He walked over calmly, aware that she was completely oblivious to his approaching.
“Yes,” a frown formed on John’s face. “Totally ridiculous of me to listen in on a conversation my boyfriend -”
There was nothing of interest. Sherlock sighed and went about changing Maeve, it wouldn’t be a hardship to change her now and he needed to keep up pretences. When he was done and satisfied he put her back in the sling and resigned himself to failure.
“Are you going to stand in the doorway all afternoon, brother mine?” Sherlock asked, opening his eyes to look up at the tall man critically.
I'm sorry that this update took so long. I want to blame it on moving from one house to another to another, but the main reason is that i struggled with this chapter. I love this fic and the struggle I had with chapter is just heartbreaking. I think it's because of the new characters that I'm attempting to include, so hopefully, another update shouldn't be too far off.
“There is nothing that you could offer me right now that would help to calm down my daughter.” Sherlock told her.
The receptionist raised an arched eyebrow in acknowledgement of the younger Holmes and rose to her feet, she walked over to him and led him to the lift, not uttering a word.
Mrs Hudson winced at the sound, she tutted and patted Mycroft on his free shoulder, “don’t mind him, he’s in one of his moods.”
A moment later the lady in question appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and longue, Maeve was awake and resting in her arms, looking up at her grandmother with wide eyes. A second later Mycroft appeared with hands full of bags. John opened his mouth but quickly closed it again.
“Well, somebody thinks that you could do with a drink, don’t know why.” The grey-haired detective smirked and looked at Sherlock. He held out the other present.
“What’s the meaning of this then?” His mother asked as she unfastened her coat. Edward, his father, took the coat and placed it on the stand next to the door, then did the same with his own coat.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and flicked over the baby in his brothers arms in more detail, taking longer and more detailed observations before flicking over Mycroft who was still not wearing his jacket, waistcoat or tie. If that wasn’t unnerving enough, the sight of him with a baby in his arms was enough to make him go into shock, he didn’t show it. His lips tightened slightly.
“You help people. I know you don’t like thinking of it as that but you do. You helped me when we first met.”
Sherlock placed his sleeping daughter in the centre of the rather large hotel bed. She was still wearing her evening dress but the shoes and headband had been stripped off for comfort and there was a blanket around her small body. He sighed, monitoring her face for any sign of disturbance when there was none he turned and stepped through the archway into the sitting area of their room. John was facing away from him, looking out the window at the gardens below shrouded in moonlight. Sherlock walked up behind him. John turned to face him as the consulting detective placed his head on the shorter man’s shoulder and wrapped his arms around his middle.
“Wrong” Sherlock declared, quietly. He was holding the baby in his arms, now rocking his gently from side to side. The white of her baby grow contrasting his dark grey coat.
“I’m concerned, just like your parents.” The blonde corrected, setting the buggy up beside the sofa and taking a seat in one of the chairs opposite Lestrade, he thanked Sally when she placed two glasses of water on the desk.
He took the squirming infant and placed her against his chest, face tucked into his neck. She moved round until she was completely comfortable and then sighed – a long soft sound that tickled his skin – nose brushing against his throat. “Comfortable?” He asked her. She made a gurgle of affirmation.
“It makes little difference to me,” Sherlock admitted. “But the charity event is dedicated to children in need, focusing on children that have been or would have been abandoned if not for the help of this charity.”
Mycroft shut the door, he added. “An almost exact image. Gregory sends his apologised, he has been called into work and shan’t be able to make dinner.”
“Do you want to use the bathroom first? Or should I?” John asked, his eyes wandering to the sleeping baby.
He’d just finished feeding Maeve, she was against his chest with her head on his shoulder as he rubbed her back lightly. They’d been like this for the past five minutes. It had been a while since he had looked after a baby but it was similar to riding a bike, you never really forgot. They’d played with puppets for a bit before she had a nap and he read to her when she woke, fed her and changed her.
Sherlock didn’t apologise. There must have been a rule against it or something because he didn’t apologise. On the rare occasion that he did, it was sincere and needed.
Sherlock pulled off his clothes and shoved them deep into one of his coat pockets. He glanced at Mycroft and cleared his throat, “you and Lestrade.”
“I bet.” He hummed and retrieved the milk, two cups and a teapot. He knew the elder Holmes would prefer loose tea over their usual brand.
“Not me.” Sherlock clarified. “Maeve, it’s a biological imperative to reproduce, I have a daughter which demonstrates-“
He stepped to the side of Sherlock and drew the sign of the cross upon her forehead, fingers hovering above her skin as he spoke, “May the Lord bless you and keep you; make his face upon you and be gracious unto you; lift his Countenance unto you and give you piece. In the name of the Father, Son and Holy God, Amen.”
The room had fallen silent and all eyes were on him in pure astonishment and shock, as though he had transformed into some kind of beautiful creature as opposed to the monster he usually seemed to be, he suspected it was that they had never seen him show concern for another human being or act quite so human himself. He rolled his eyes and said simply, “I need a bottle.”
Greg didn’t look convinced, in fact he looked quite clueless as he attempted to piece together the information Sherlock had given him. “Then why did he kill the first and second victim.”
“Aww, so you are listening to me.” He said, raising his eyebrow and leaning forward slightly to get a better look at your face. “I’m sure he’s gone to get you something to make you feel better.”
Sherlock nodded. There were few pictures in the lounge, only one of the two sisters as children, almost identical though he doubted they would be now, social factors would have changed that. One of his homeless network had sent him a picture of her, she bore little resemblance to her sister now.
“My brother has always been dramatic John.” Mycroft responded. “He disappeared a few times as a child when he was angry or upset.”
Mycroft cleared his throat and stood up, he carefully plucked the sleepy baby from his mother’s arms, keeping his eyes pointedly on Sherlock. He pulled Maeve close to his own body and allowed his gaze to drop to the top of her head for a second, checking that she was okay as her lip quivered threateningly and her head dropped onto his shoulder. He cleared his throat and fixed his brother with a firm look, the kind that left nothing to the imagination, Sherlock was not getting what he wanted, not this time. “Take some time.”
“Finally a decent murder.” Sherlock exhaled looking far too happy. He clapped his hands together and left the room. John rolled his eyes and Greg said nothing, he looked a little queasy in fact.
Michelle continued, “We understand that if anything does happen to you that should require we find suitable care for Maeve that she will go into the custody of Mycroft Holmes, we will not interfere further but will monitor and require a review when she turns six months.”
Sherlock nodded and twisted his body to get a better view at Maeve lain on the gurney. He unstrapped the nappy and removed it cautiously, the skin was red and blotchy but there were no sores. “Irritation but nothing a warm bath and cream won’t fix.”
Sherlock snorted in incredulity, eyes flicking swiftly from his brother to Maeve, “like you don’t already know.”
Sherlock pressed the full body shiver that was threatening to manifest and ducked from between the men.
Maeve whined, irritated and Sherlock shifted her slightly closer to his neck. She scrunched her nose but settled, mouth opening against the pale skin. “When can we see her?” Violet asked.
Two paramedics manoeuvred a gurney out of the door and down the two steps carefully, his brothers strapped to the trolley with an oxygen mask over his face and his eyelids fluttering shut. John was glued to his side.
“Oh dear.” He cooed as he picked her up effortlessly from her brother’s lap and close to his chest. She cried into his coat and he bounced her up and down, all the while whispering to her with his lips pressed against her forehead. “My poor baby, did you hurt yourself?”
John paused. “What the hell is going on Sherlock?” He asked softly, sighing and coming to sit on the coffee table in front of the consulting detective.
“He’s pretty busy but I think we can squeeze you in.” she promised, smirking as she picked up the phone. “I’ll call in, see if he can see you.”
“Never what?” Mycroft asked, furrowing his brow, “take drugs again? You’ve been taking them since you were fifteen and hopping from one addiction to the next; drugs, drinking, sex and now solving cases, putting your life in danger on a daily basis for the thrill of the chase.”
The flat was clean, or clean according to Sherlock’s standards. The consulting detective had spent an hour tidying, not cleaning, because John knew the distinction between the two, moving things about in the hopes that the living room would pass for tidy. So, of course, John had spent the entire morning cleaning the flat in preparation for his parent’s visit. And now, John was fresh from the shower, dressed in pair of clean jeans and a white shirt with his brown ‘date night’ shoes and a dark blue cardigan. His hair was almost dry and brushed neatly to the left.
“Mr and Mrs Innes, this is Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson.” Greg introduced. “They’re consulting on your son’s case.”
“No.” Sherlock told him. “He’s victims are adolescents, sixteen or seventeen, they mimic the object of his rage, therefore his desires. He took her because he knew I was involved with the case. This is his final act.”
“I called Mycroft,” the blonde doctor informed him in a gentle tone, “he’s got a car waiting outside to take you to home.”
He tilted his head slightly as they walked. “It’s not always that easy, there are normally various leads to follow and people to interview, I gathered all I could from the notes and compiled them into what I know about the killer, it was easy to track down possible locations on his previous crimes and victimology. The other possible locations I will make impossible to use, he will only be able to use the location that we will be waiting at and we will stop him before he hurts another person.”
I'll be back at uni soon, and hopefully, I will be updating regularly but you know how it is, I always get a bit off with updating when close to deadlines or particularly stressed. I will try my best to be better for you all.
Mycroft nodded and pushed his chair back as he stood up. He took a moment to straighten his jacket and walked to the other side of the desk. He stopped in front of the chair, unstrapped his niece and delicately pulled her limbs out of the confines of the seat and her warm winter onesie. He scooped her up and placed her high up on his chest so that her head was tucked beneath his neck and the sweaty mess of sparse hair on her head tickled at his nose. Anthea passed him the soft thin blanket and he placed it between her and his arms so that she was sufficiently warm.
Kelly stole a few photos, capturing the tender moment between father and daughter as they both looked at each other, her eyes widening in excitement at the sight of him, and his softening at the eye contact between them. She growled and Sherlock snorted in amusement, Kelly snapped a few more pictures.
“A seven.” Sherlock declared. The creepy ‘I’ve found a case’ smile was gone and replaced with a fond look directed at his daughter.
“Boys, can’t you behave for a moment?” Greg asked. His face was alight with happiness and amusement, it was almost sickening.
“You need to taste it.” Sherlock explained as though it were the simplest thing in the world. He pulled Maeve away from his shoulder and shifted her so that her back was pressed against his chest, supported by his arm across her torso. She blinked tiredly at John.
Sherlock glanced out the corner of his eye at his brother, he has picked Maeve up and settled her to sit in his lap with his hand supporting her body and head as she stared up at him in dumb amusement.
Mrs Innes nodded and started sobbing. Mr Innes rubbed her hand gently and answered. “They told us that it depends on the time and the faster we get the ransom the more likely we are to get him back.” He left out ‘alive’.
John moved backward but Sherlock followed eagerly and kissed him again, chastely. His lips lingering for a moment, he placed a kiss on the corner of John's mouth and revelled in the pleased sigh that escaped the blonde, he drew back and stood tall, satisfied.
"You're thinking absurdly loud John" Sherlock declared, not looking up from Maeve as they continued to walk, finding a quiet part of the park that had fewer people rushing through it and the occasional person moving down the path or sitting on a bench with some lunch on their lap.
Kelly smiled and placed the camera in her bag, she slung it over her shoulder and answered, “I’m heading there now, and your mother wants some pictures of the location.”
“And you’re with the police?” Amanda Fowler’s father asked as he took a seat beside his wife. Sherlock was sat on the sofa opposite them, one leg crossed over the other and his hand resting on his knee as his eyes flicked over the room, returning to the couple every so often.
Mycroft frowned and refocused his attention on his niece. She stared up at him for a moment before smiling and reaching towards him with her small hands, fingers clenching and unclenching in a display of what she wanted. He sighed, pretending to be put out, and lifted her to rest against his chest. He told her. “I would prefer you not dirty my suit.”
“And you wouldn’t have slept if you went down there, in fact, you would have found something, anything else to do.” John raised an eyebrow.
Kelly smiled, glanced up from her crouched position on the floor, packing away all of her equipment. “My pleasure. She did well.” She nodded her head towards Sherlock who was leaving the room with a very fussy, practically asleep Maeve.
They ate in silence for a few moment, Sherlock picked up his glass and took a sip of his wine, as he placed the glass back on the table he said simply, “You can continue.”
“They were all found in abandoned or empty houses.” Sally told him. Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement. Maeve sighed sleepily against his chest, the rumble of his deep voice soothing to her. She continued. “He takes them and dumps them within twenty-four hours.”
"You have the whole thing figured out," Sherlock nodded, continuing with the joke. John was attempting to distract him, how pedestrian, but better to go along with it than upset him.
Sherlock nodded and crouched down with the elegance of a cat to pull out the small thin box from underneath the bed. He passed it to John and then moved to the edge of the room. John took the lid off of the box and peeked inside. There was a small coat not dissimilar to the one that the detective wore. The fabric was lined with a softer fabric and the buttons were smaller but the details were the same down to the red buttonhole. It was perfect.
Maeve was due to wake soon for a feed but was dozing off again as Sherlock rocked his body from side to side in small movements. He could afford to let her sleep for a little while longer.
"She's smiling" John informed him, smugly. He turned his body to show Sherlock his daughter, smiling against his shoulder.
“Not sure it would have suited me.” The woman painting the ex-army doctors face smirked to herself and continued work, painting some daisies around his eye. Sherlock pursed his lips. “What are you going to get for her?”
Sherlock paced between the two rows of seat his family occupied. He stepped around the bags and gently rocked Maeve with each step he took. His eyes were fixed on her. She was looking up at him, her eyes dropping with exhausting and her mouth parted in the anticipation of the soft even breathing that sleep brought. Her hands were clutching his shirt, fingers grasping the silk as her eyes finally closed and she allowed her overtired body to fall asleep.
Maeve slightly in her sleep and Sherlock trailed two of his fingers over her cheek, forehead and through her thickening hair. She sighed but remained asleep.
Anthea stepped into the glass office. The elder Holmes was lent against the desk, one leg crossed elegantly over the other while Sherlock sat on the small sofa, focused on nothing in particular. Mycroft glanced up from the file he was reading; the file of Liam Ashcroft that she’d composed for him, and noticed the memory stick in her hand. She handed it to him.
“Stop being so selfish Sherlock. This is a baby we’re talking about, a new-born baby that has been abandoned. A little girl that is completely alone in the world.”
Silvia nodded in defeat and gingerly picked up a piece of cucumber from her plate with a fork, she popped it into her mouth and chewed, eyes never leaving John and Maeve.
“Leave the boy alone.” Siger interrupted. Sherlock looked startled ad his father glanced at him with some fondness before looking back to his wife. “He likes having her close, that isn’t a crime.”
Mycroft remained like that for thirty-three minutes, undisturbed. He has sat down on a chair not long after picking her up, one leg crossed over the other and his daughter, a phrase he would never be quite used to saying, cradled in his long arms as she slept. His arms were rather stiff from holding the position but it was worth it, every ache and pain would be worth it for her. He watched her as she slept, each flutter of her eyelashes, or slight jerk as she slept.
Greg cleared the bowls and plate away, placing them in the empty sink as Sherlock stood up and focused his complete attention on Maeve once more. She was asleep, snoring softly with the occasional sniffle. His eyes flicked over her tiny form, pausing on the four plasters stuck to her thighs and back to her face. Her cheeks were a warm pink and dark eyelashes fluttering slightly in sleep against her cheeks.
“Mr Holmes,” Megan called after him. She stepped past the other mums with a small smile. “I’m glad you could make it, she seemed to enjoy the frog in particular. Do you think you’ll come back?”
“You’re worse than my parents” Sherlock glowered, sitting down on the sofa as opposed to one of the two chairs opposite Lestrade’s at the desk.
Either Sherlock didn’t see the looks he received as he walked in New Scotland Yard or he just didn’t care. Greg had his money on the latter. The consulting detective strode into the department with his head held high and one of his hands supporting his baby out of concern. He knew he didn’t need to but it made him feel better. Greg trailed beside him carrying the baby bag.
“You’ll never get away with this now” the consulting detective informed them “my partners on his way home with a friend of mine, Detective Inspector Lestrade. They’ll be home any moment.”
“I am” he nodded, “but we’re working on a couple of active cases, nothing high-profile and I thought I’d pick up the case files.”
He stopped playing mid-note and twisted to face them. His eyes narrowed and flicked over the pair reading them for all the possible information that they’d collected throughout the day.
John lifted Maeve out of the pram and placed her against his chest, she was limp in sleep and snoring softly, undisturbed by the change in position. Silvia picked up the hat and placed it back on her head.
“She didn’t cry once last night.” Greg announced with a yawn. Andrews refilled his coffee and he thanked him. “Well, I didn’t hear her.”
“Sundays, over lunch time.” Mycroft answered for him. “And I will see her Wednesday at three. Without fail.”
The hospital was crowded. John went straight to the girl at reception, allowed to pass through the usual Friday night crowd because of the baby in his arms, she pointed him in the right direction and he walked down the hallway. Maeve was cradled in one arm, almost asleep, wearing a pink bunny outfit to protect her against the cold. She had been asleep in the cab but the lights and sounds of the hospital had woken her, and now she was desperately trying to return to sleep. In John’s other hand he carried the car seat.
John placed the muslin on Sherlock’s lap and they laid her across it. They undressed her, and John quickly changed her wet nappy. Then, they wrestled her into the new. Sherlock ran his hand down her back. It was softer than her previous outfit and he was certain that would help calm her.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the blondes face for a second. “They’re your family, which means they are mine now.”
Sherlock watched as his mother reached into the pram and pulled out a rather sleepy looking but awake Maeve. The infant squirmed and released a high whine but settled the moment she was pressed against the older woman’s chest and her head nestled into the crook of her neck.
“Oh baby” Louise cooed, looking down on her work with a sick sense of satisfaction “you should have listened to him, poor thing.”
“Hmm” Sherlock hummed, he turned onto his side and placed Maeve on the bed on her back and watched her intently. She had calmed down now. He brushed his finger down her face and she grabbed it fiercely, forcing the digit into her mouth like her life depended on it. He smirked. She was a rather curious child.
“And you think Greg will ask you to work the case?” John asked, then sighed and continued, “of course he will. He’ll want this whole thing dealt with as quickly as possible.”
“The decision of dedication you make today is one of the most sacred and significant you may declare. By it you confess your faith and formally dedicate yourself to our heavenly creator, pronounce your faith in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, call upon the ministry of the Holy Spirit, and profess fellowship in the circle believers of Christendom.”
Ten minutes later, John was sat on one of the chairs in the longue area of their room which was separated from the bedroom by only a rounded archway instead of a door. The ex-army doctor was reading the newspaper while the consulting detective was in the exact position he had been in ten minutes previously, his face angled towards Maeve but his eyes were closed. He was not sleeping, just resting and sorting through his schedule for the rest of the day, no doubt. It was a knock on the door that roused him from his thoughts, his eyes snapped open and darted to Maeve, who was, luckily, still sound asleep. He sighed and pressed a kiss to her hand as he sat up on the bed, watching as John walked around the chair towards the door which was out of sight. The door opened. It was his father.
Mycroft shuffled on the spot, an action he was not accustomed to, and felt his body heat up beneath the layers of his suit. He said in a quiet voice, “Bad language choice aside, her presence here isn’t a problem, is it Gregory?”
Mycroft spends his first Wednesday with Maeve and Sherlock takes some time away from her, it affects him more than he thought it would.
Sherlock blinked a few times, staring at John as he did so and when it became obvious that John was clueless, he scoffed. “If you don’t like the taste, I’m hardly going to put it in my daughter’s mouth.”
Sherlock kept a weathered eye on her as he listened to Mrs Hudson move around in the flat below. The older woman was baking again, this time she was trying her hand at some biscuits with vanilla and cinnamon. There was no doubt that she’d bring up a plate later for them. It was the knock on the door that Sherlock had been waiting for, Lestrade was long overdue. He’d texted earlier with the promise of an interesting case. A moment later the door opened downstairs and the sound of muffled voices was audible, useless greetings exchanged and then Mrs Hudson was telling him to go upstairs because Sherlock was expecting him and promising to follow in a few moments with tea and biscuits.
“Fine.” Sherlock answered, stepping into the room. The moment he was close enough Maeve started moving erratically, blue eyes bright and gurgling with more enthusiasm. Sherlock bowed down slightly, lowering himself to her level and smiled at her, running a hand over her head, smoothing her thin dark hair with great care. “I need you to watch Maeve.”
“Your mother is talking to the vicar and Siger if fighting off the legions of Holmeses.” John sniggered.
John scrubbed a hand over his face. Harry frowned and stared up at the taller man. “You’re not going to sit down, then, why are you here?”
“She looked at me like I betrayed her,” Sherlock told him, recounting the look in her eyes the moment the first needle pierced her skin.
John nodded in agreement, dabbed some of the clear gel onto his finger and put it in his mouth. He licked away the gel and pulled out his wet finger. “What flavour is it supposed to be?”
Sherlock managed to remain silent as he opened it. They were obviously books. He was surprised to see the old battered leather-bound books.
Maeve yawned loudly. Sherlock turned towards the Moses basket and inhaled deeply before sitting up. He pulled on his boxers and got to his feet. Maeve was waking up, eyes creeping open slowly to adjust to the morning light and brought her small fists up to her face to rub at her eyes.
Mrs Hudson smiled down at the infant and turned to Sherlock. “It’s a shame you’re not seeing your parents today. They’ll miss you.”
Sherlock emerged from the bedroom and walked swiftly down the hallway with his suit jacket hung neatly over his arm, expertly doing up the buttons on his cuffs. He looked up at his mother, she watching him approach with a mixture of pride and joy, once again threatening to cry, which he knew would be a regular occurrence for the rest of the day.
Sherlock shot John a look that said ‘are you a complete idiot’ followed by a softer ‘I love you’ expression. He sighed dramatically, “I’m expected to volunteer my daughter for pain.”
“I know that I can be a good father.” Sherlock said, lowering his tone. “And with you son by my side, I know that I can give Maeve everything that she needs.”
“I’m not going to leave.” John argued, Sherlock seemed like a deer caught in the headlights. He needed to be careful or he’d frighten him away. “I wouldn’t, you berk.”
“Sherlock.” His mother scolded. She closed her magazine and fixed him with a look that clearly said ‘do as you’re told’. “Imagine Maeve went missing.”
John rubbed a hand over his face and considered it for a moment. He was no stranger to Sherlock’s antics but this was a whole new level. The only thing that remotely topped this was when he came home to find him with a baby. “Do I want to know why there’s a cat?”
John opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Maeve whining loudly, both pairs of eyes flicked to the baby in the Moses Basket as she began to wake up, stretching her limbs and rubbing at her eyes with tiny fists. She blinked herself awake and looked up at the ceiling, rosy lips quivering slightly. Sherlock lent over so that he was in her line of sight and her lips stopped, she gurgled impatiently and whined again. Sherlock rolled his eyes and scooped her up. He pulled her into their favourite position, her face pressed against his neck and hands supporting her small body against his chest.
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it again. “Right…” he said, unconvinced. “Anything interesting?”
Sherlock seemed unsure but nodded and placed his phone on the bedside table. “I don’t want to see her.”
Sherlock continued to stare at him, not wanting to be the first one to back down. His resolve broke, “Fine.”
Greg nodded in agreement. They both looked down at Maeve as she began to squirm in his arms, stretching out her scrunched up limbs and kicking wildly. The Detective Inspector laughed, offering the baby his finger and gently tickling her hands.
“Bastard.” John muttered beneath his breath. Sherlock heard and smiled. John smiled too, he couldn’t stop himself.
Sherlock is recovering, he shares some tender moments with his father between his mother's fussing and the arrival of her nosy friends.
“It’s Celtic” Sherlock admitted, turning to face John but keeping his eye fixed firmly on the sleeping infant. “For Mythological queen, Irish for joy and Gaelic for
“I’ve got to hand it to your brother,” John remarked, turning to face Sherlock, “he knows his suits.”
John did as he was told, he handed Maeve to his mother and watched her walk to the far end of the capsule and point out London to Maeve. He smiled to himself.
John awoke at eight o’clock, surprised that he hadn’t been woken up sooner by the consulting detective or his daughter. He stretched and made his way downstairs, blonde hair messy from sleep wearing a loose white top and checked pyjama bottoms. He pushed the door to the lounge open, quietly, aware of the relative silence.
Sherlock and Mycroft waiting until they left the room before relaxing. Mycroft stepped closer to his brother and ran his hand down the infants back. “Is she ok?” He asked.
“Let me get this straight,” John said. He was spread out on his back across the large picnic blanket wearing a pair of denim shorts and a short sleeve checked shirt. A pair of sunglasses stopped the sun from reaching his eyes. “You solved your first case at nine?”
Mycroft chuckled and the blonde groaned, he filled up the teapot and place it on the table alongside the cups and milk. He slumped into his chair. “Parenthood John, it comes to us all eventually.”
“Your mother has been beside herself with worry, we both have.” His father chipped in looking disappointed. He thought about all the times he’d seen his father give Sherlock that look.
“Well, you’ll have your beautiful baby soon, and that’s all that matters.” The doctor smiled. “It shouldn’t be more than a week, baby is already in position, and I think we’ll have a quick birth.”
“Now,” Sherlock addressed his daughter, tone soft. “Can you sit through the rest of the meal without getting hysterical?”
Sherlock looked as though he was going to protest but started unbuttoning his shirt, scoffing playfully, "your bedside manner is atrocious."
“You’re working the case aren’t you?” John asked. He already knew the answer but that didn’t stop him.
“The house is abandoned, it’s been used by homeless people as a lodge for quite some time, any evidence would be contaminated.” Sherlock placed a hand on his hip.
Sherlock nodded and gestured silently towards Maeve. John stepped into the room making sure the door was closed behind him and grabbed the beige dressing gown, he laid it down on the changing table and reached to pick up Maeve. She fussed slightly at the movement but made no sound as the army doctor dried her, putting on a clean nappy and swaddling her in the dressing gown before leaving the room.
Greg nodded and pursed his lips. He stood up at the sight of John’s parents behind him, hovering in the doorway. John stepped inside and stood towards the side of the sofa, his parents came in and looked over the flat. Greg cleared his throat and extended his hand. “You must be John’s parents. I’m Greg.”
“She came in instead of calling, worried that she’d been poisoned. She was showing signs of a panic attack, almost fainted so we had her checked over by some paramedics but there were no signs of foul play. The paramedics said that she was exhausted, slightly dehydrated and her heart rate was elevated but all are normal in the case of a panic attack. We checked her house to reassure her but there was no sign of, well, anything, so we didn’t bother getting forensics in. We took her to a relative’s house. She called two days ago, still worried but there’s nothing we can do without cause. She’s been insistent.”
“I do know how to care for a baby Sherlock” Mycroft snapped, there was no bite behind his words, just faint amusement and slight annoyance.
“She was sleeping,” Mycroft softened his tone. “You left her asleep. An officer of the law was charged, by you, to watch her, along with six other police officers stood on the pavement. She should have been safe.”
Sherlock put his hands on his hips. “It was a team, her sister and the boyfriend are involved somehow. I need more data on the sister, my homeless network are following her. I need to observe her in person.”
“You know what I mean.” She said dryly. She focused on her granddaughter and smiled, “look at you supporting your head.”
“I had fun” John told him honestly, “I just had fun without drinking too much, alcohol does not a good time make.”
The women turned to face the owner, Sherlock was stood in the doorway with Maeve cradled against his chest. His hair mussed and eyes cold as they flicked over the three women analytically before he dropped his gaze back to his daughter and stepped into the room. His father a step behind him as he walked across to the breakfast bar and took a seat, his movement slow and pained though he kept his expression clear.
“Yes, they’re in the freezer. Small but generous portions that are ready at a moment’s notice. I’ve thrown out most of the misses but kept a few reserved to try in a few weeks’ time.” The consulting detective told her.
His eyes flicked over the hallway. At the end was the kitchen, inside were a forensics crew collecting evidence. In the closest room, a woman sat on the sofa beside Sally Donovan who asked her questions. The detective looked up as he walked into the room and without saying anything, greeted him.
Maeve looked up at him, blue eyes wide and mouth parted as if she was actually interested in what he had to say. Sherlock slipped on his coat and wrapped his scarf around his neck careful to keep his eyes on his daughter the entire time, though she was too young to roll over it was better to be vigilant. He scooped her up and carried her downstairs, letting her hold his finger tightly in her tiny fists.
“Yes, common misconception I’m afraid. I’ve been told I can be quite…focused when painting. Apparently, she misunderstood and thought I was interested in her.”
“The bag is packed.” John said, rising to his feet and pocketing his notebook. Sherlock hummed but said nothing. “Are we taking the pram?”
He glanced around the living room, eyes stopping on the files of today’s papers; all plastered with photographs of Sherlock with Maeve.
“I am unable to see into the future John.” Sherlock said simply, turning his face to look at the blonde.
“You are my brother,” Sherlock sniffed. “Familial obligations and well,” he sighed, and levelled his brother with a look, eyes twinkling with emotion, “nobody should be alone at a time like this, I’ve taken the liberty of bringing Rosie’s old car seat for you, it should suffice until you get your own.”
Maeve withdrew her chew toy to grin at her uncle and dropped it onto the floor. Mycroft rolled his eyes and picked it up, Mrs Hudson took it from him wordlessly. “I’ll wash it.”
Maeve was bundled up in a tracksuit set with a small fluffy grey coat with ears. Her cheeks were red and her eyes glued to the decorations in front of her. She smiled.
Sherlock frowned in disbelief. It sounded ridiculous but there was some logic to it. “But the solution will run out and we’ll be left with a screaming baby.”
Sherlock took a breath before pushing the door and stepping into the room. Mycroft and John both looked up at him while Maeve’s eyes flicked around fiercely. He took pity on her and moved close enough to his brother so that she could see him, not clearly but still there. She released a growl like sound and reached her arms up towards him, or tried to but one arm dropped and hit her in the face. There was a split second when Sherlock’s heart stopped beating before her eyes filled with tears and she began crying.
It was disconcerting. Sherlock had become accustomed to the stares as he strode through New Scotland Yard, the hard glares and muttered words as he ignored them, face harsh and coat billowing out dramatically behind him. Something he was not accustomed to the small smile of pity and flashes of concern then replaced by relief. The wide eyes of Yarders followed him as he strode through the building at a slightly slower pace, Maeve snuggled tightly against his chest between his shirt and open blazer, her quiet snores only audible to his ears as he moved with John close behind. The army doctor carrying the slack with the baby bag hooked over his shoulder and buggy, fixed with the car seat instead of the pram setting.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and enunciated. “I love them but watching him wipe away faeces is less than appealing. I get to be an active participant daily.”
He stopped near the other end. It was deeper there and reached his chest. Maeve was submerged, only her shoulders, neck and head above water. Her hands were in the water and already splashing wildly.
He clasped his hands gently in front of his body and lifted his head, clearing his throat as he did so, he looked at Doctor Green. “I would like to see my daughter, if it isn’t too much trouble.”
Mycroft pulled of his jacket and folded it, placing it over the back of the chair, along with his tie and waist coat, then he undid his buttons. He looked at the nurse and asked, “Where do you want me?”
Sherlock nodded, “my parents would not indulge my drug habit. If I wanted to get high, I had to fund it myself.”
Sherlock’s cheeks lit up a brilliant shade of pink and he hid them by looking down at Maeve and whispering something to her inaudible. Petunia nodded slowly, unsure and stared at her nephew with an expression torn between disbelief and wonder. When he looked up his cheeks were still red, he cleared his throat and expressed, “John is an equal in parenting her.”
“No, I have some paperwork that requires my attention. But feel free to make use of your usual room.” Mycroft offered knowing his brother would decline.
“It needs to be had,” Mycroft told him simply, “I will do everything in my power to protect Maeve, as will you.”
“Yes. I checked Emily’s Instagram feed.” He pulled his phone out of his coat pocket and brandished it at the two men, showing them her profile. “In four of these pictures she’s wearing those boots, they’re obviously a favourite of hers. It could be because they were a gift but more likely because of the price. She brought them second hand, of course, but she obviously has a soft spot for the boots or she wouldn’t have had them re-heeled twice or paid £200 for them. I also notice a distinct lack of posts from last night. Not pictures or anything on her story, suggests she was busy but with what? What could be more important than spin with her roommates followed by Pilates? She goes every week. How do I know she goes every week? Because five weeks ago she posted a picture after her ‘workout’ and subsequently her friends post something weekly but this week, no post, she wasn’t there. No, she wouldn’t be, she was here watching you paint.”
“Nah,” John answered, knowing it was exactly what the consulting detective wanted to hear. “She’s no bother. I’ve only got one more chapter.”
Everything seemed fine but Sherlock isn't coping as well as he would like people to believe. He hasn't left the flat in four days.
It was cold, whoever left the baby there had obviously known that the door would be answered and had hurried away, with no obvious hiding places she must have ran down the street. Whoever it was must have been aware that he would be in, most likely because of the light from the window. They’d wrapped the baby in blankets, so they didn’t want the baby to come to harm but had no quarrels with leaving the baby outside to face the elements. Abandonment then. Someone had abandoned the baby on his doorstep.
“Yes.” He called back as he emerged at the kitchen door holding the carseat with Maeve in, she was awake and squirming slightly. She did not like the carseat at all.
“Is this why he hasn’t been able to come to the pub?” Mike asked, the cogs turning in his head at a painfully slow rate.
Mycroft paused to look at his brother and niece before leaving. Sherlock continued soothing his daughter until she quietened down, lip quivering slightly but holding back the tears. He wiped away the streaks on the face with one long finger, she grabbed the offered digit and pulled into her mouth, luckily he had stopped by Mrs Hudson’s kitchen to give her something and wash his hands. She sucked lightly, toothless gums pressing against the pad of his finger with little force.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and climbed through the gaps between the front seats, plopping himself down, with more elegance that one should have in that situation, in the passenger seat beside John. He pulled on his seatbelt and continued to look ahead.
“I pick and choose my cases,” Sherlock explicated, “I have taken considerably less cases since the arrival of Maeve and always think of her first, before accepting cases.”
John stopped reading and frowned at the book. His eyes flickered down to Maeve and he told her in a soft tone, “Your Daddy could do better than that.”
Sherlock strode into the flat at exactly quarter past eleven. The flat was silent, shrouded in darkness as he paused in the lounge to drape his coat and scarf over the back of one of the desk chairs before making his way towards the only light in the flat. It was the coloured glow of Maeve’s nightlight that sat on his side of the room, on his bedside table beside her Moses basket. He stepped into the room, not making a sound as he did so.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and Mycroft sighed. He spoke with a soft tone. “Ten years is a long time.”
“I suppose there’s no putting it off,” he said to her. “I’ll have to go to the office at some point to explain my absence if nothing else. I know your uncle thinks the country is capable of functioning without me but he is wrong. They can’t so much as put a new traffic sign in without asking me first. They’re dependent on me, have been since I started working there. It was rather my intention.”
He walked back into the empty lounge. He should really call someone, like John, John couldn’t be angry with him for calling if he had an actual reason. But Lestrade would be the obvious choice, being a policeman or Mycroft but that wasn’t going to happen. Sherlock placed the letter on the desk and pulled his phone from his trouser pocket. He dialled John. He never called, the doctor would know it was important.
John frowned. “Teething necklace, I always get parents asking about them but I don’t know much about how they work.”
John stepped out of the bedroom, freshly showered and dressed in a pair of clean jeans and a red shirt, the top button left undone. He marched down the hallway with purpose and stepped through the kitchen into the living room, Sherlock was already dressed and up, violin perched on his lap and plucking the strings distractedly as he stared into space, eyes fixed absently on a spot on the wall. The notes reverberated with a kind of repetitive hum that stimulated his brain and kept his hands busy.
Sherlock wanted to protest but instead nodded, better to have a car than hunt for a cab, the sooner he got Maeve home the better. John gave a small nod of understanding and wrapped an arm around the taller man’s waist. He reassured him, “She’ll be fine.”
“I’ll move back to London, at least for the pregnancy, then after I’ll move back to Sussex by the sea. I’ll work until the due date, of course, and it’s completely up to you how involved you are.”
Chloe was sat on the sofa with Maeve beside her propped up on a pillow and Greg on her other side. Her eyes flicked between the grey haired man and his youngest daughter and she smiled, occasionally stopping to glance at her father for reassurance.
Sherlock slipped back into bed. John was still sleeping and Maeve was beginning to settle against his chest, she was full and wind free, nappy changed. He pulled the cover back over his body as he remained sat up against the headboard, cradling the baby against him as she defiantly fought off sleep. Sherlock offered her his hand. She accepted it hastily, small fingers grasping at him tightly as she pulled the hand towards her. He smiled down at her, allowing his daughter to pull his hand against her chest and direct his forefinger towards her small mouth.
The cab pulled away from the curb, travelling at a relaxed pace down the street and into the London traffic. John watched the city pass through the window while Sherlock was lent over the carseat between them, angling his long body round the seat, his arm resting on the side closest to John and face directly in front of Maeve; instead of his usual pristine posture. He was alternating between his usual face of indifference and smiling at Maeve, changing every six seconds and observing his daughter’s reactions.
“She alright?” John asked as he came out of the flat and stepped aside to allow his parents to pass.
“I’ve started now, I may as well finished.” The cab driver opened the door for him with a friendly smile and Sherlock unhooked Maeve’s carseat and climbed out, holding Maeve out in front of him and the bag hooked over his shoulder. He used his free hand to hand the cabbie a wad of notes. “You were quite specific, ‘and I will see her every Monday at three, without fail’.”
“What? You think this is sibling rivalry?” John asked, his attention completely on the baby in his arms.
Detective Inspector Lestrade was waiting outside the house when Sherlock arrived. His hands were tucked into his trouser pockets and he looked mildly disturbed. His many years on the job had given him a thick skin when it came to crime scenes but there was no hiding how each call out chipped away at him. Sherlock could read that there was more to this case than met the eye before he’d even stopped and pressed down the break, halting the buggy on the path.
“Now, if you are done arguing, can we get back to our day out?” Silvia asked, raised eyebrow and hands on her hips.
The pram was already set up in the corner. He placed the baby bag around the handle and Maeve in the seat which had been altered so that she was sat up with a bar across her, supporting her. Maeve’s nose wrinkled as he strapped her in but he shushed her with a gentle tap to the nose. He put a blanket over her legs and handed her the small owl toy back. She smiled at it and held it close.
Sherlock gave him a ‘stop being an idiot’ look and answered simply, the voice of the devoted father. “She woke at five and refused to settle back down no matter what I did, I thought it better to get out of the house and enjoy the morning air.”
“You’re taking her with you?” John’s eyebrows rose in surprise, so high that they were practically touching his hairline.
There was a soft tap on the living room door and his father poked his head round shyly. He spoke in a hushed tone, “I’m sorry to come so late.”
Sherlock had adopted his customary ‘I’m listening to a client’, his chin resting on his thumb and index finger pressed against the side of his face, though the faint movement of his eyes suggested that he was more than a little distracted by Maeve’s interruptions.
Harold listened as his son continued to laugh and crossed his arms over his chest. He hadn’t heard that sound, John’s uncontrollable laughter, since before John had been deployed, when he was a boy.
“Any information is important.” Sherlock answered honestly as he stood up, buttoning his coat. “I understand that this is a difficult time for you, I would appreciate anything you can tell me. You have my number.”
Sherlock turned back, his body facing the mirror as he jiggled his daughter in an attempt to wake her.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat himself down on the ex-soldiers bed, he then fell backwards so that he was laying on his back with Maeve sprawled on his chest. She immediately took the opportunity to grasp the front of his silk dressing gown and lift her head for a moment before dropping it back down and pulling it into her gummy mouth. “2511”
“I’m Samantha and this is Joshua” She introduced, not bothering to hold out a hand due to the baby and bags she was holding.
“I’m Louise Weatherly,” the red head introduced with a friendly smile, “and this is my colleague, Michelle Ford. Firstly, I’d like to thank you for agreeing to meet with us and secondly-”
Angelo turned to John, the doctor smiled and said softly. “I’ll have the lasagne and Sherlock will have the carbonara.”
He appeared in the doorway a looming figure accentuated by the bright lighting in the hallway with Maeve resting against his shoulder, a blanket over her the lower half of her small body. She had just woken up, her eyes still drooping from sleep and movements minimal but jagged.
Sherlock mocked offense, nose scrunching up and choosing to instead look over at John, Maeve was still asleep but now in his shorter arms, hands resting by her face in small fists. He took a breath and answered calmly, it would be far easier to escape if he was courteous. “I heard a noise and went to investigate, I was hit over the head and knocked unconscious for approximately five minutes, when I regained consciousness I was aware of two things: that Maeve was still sleeping soundly and that they were both in my flat, I bided my time and tried to turn them against each other. Maeve woke and Louise then thought that hurting her was the best way to me” the room was completely silent, only his deep voice filling the quiet as they watched him intently. Greg watching him with deep brown eyes across the desk, John focusing on Maeve but his blue eyes flicking to his partner ever so often and Sally in the corner, particularly affected by the story. She already knew but hearing it from him in this way was hard. “Howard was not particularly pleased with the plan and she used his hesitation to stab him, when she focused again on Maeve I used her turning her back to me as my advantage to tackle her to the ground. The landing was not eloquent and she stabbed me.”
“Fine” Sherlock sighed. “My mother will fuss either way, I dressed her up to demonstrate that I am a capable parent.”
Maeve whined, lifting her head for a moment before dropping it back onto her father’s chest. Sherlock huffed a laugh and John chuckled. “God forbid any of the attention be taken away from you.”
Violet lay a hand on her husband’s clenched fist and tried. “We have a right to know about our granddaughter. Maeve is a lovely name.”
Mycroft had left hours before John arrived home. The doctor stepped straight into the kitchen and placed the bag of Chinese food on the table. He raised an eyebrow at the stack of pots and pans in and around the sink but said nothing. Instead, he peered into the living room. Sherlock was spread out on the floor in what can only be described as a mound of pillows and blankets, piled up in two or three places. Sherlock lay on his back with his head and neck supported by a mound of pillows, his eyes were closed and his hands were fixed firmly on the infant asleep on his chest. It would be easy to mistake him as asleep also if it weren’t for the quiet breathing. He wouldn’t say that Sherlock snored but his breathing would be louder and more even if he were asleep. He creaked an eye open as John stared at him but said nothing.
He knelt down, pushing his dressing gown out from behind him to avoid treading on it. A similar action that he did with his coat, no reason to dirty it. The baby’s eyes widened slightly, blue orbs following his movement and lips twitching slightly.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and he nodded, sensing that John was offering him a brief exit. He pried Maeve from his chest and handed her to John, who accepted her wordlessly and held her in his smaller hands. The consulting detective stood up and gestured towards the kitchen, “May I?”
“Something’s wrong.” He deduced. He strode out of his office, not bothering to close the door behind him, his receptionist, a young woman jerked in surprise and jumped to her feet. He addressed her, “I’m going to the hospital.”
“Use this,” his father used his free hand to pick up one of the smaller plates. It was a simple white china that was cheaper than the rest and for the use of the children.
“Quite something,” Mycroft nodded. He could gather that from both his partner and brother. Gregory sat on the arm of the sofa beside his partner.
Sherlock felt satisfied. It was a simple pleasure, his nose pressed into his daughter’s hairline and inhaling the calming scent of his daughter. She smelt clean and like baby powder, her own scent lingering beneath it. He pushed open the bedroom door with his hip and stepped into the room. The light was out but the bedside table lamps were on, John was sat up with a pair of glasses perched on his nose and a book in hand. He looked up at Sherlock, a fond smile settling on his face.
Sherlock attends a meeting with Social Services and Mycroft is there to lend a helping hand, and stop his brother from getting into unnecessary trouble. Later, he attends a crime scene and is gifted with Maeve's first laugh.
Mycroft turned to Anthea and she looked down, a simple gesture. She was staying here then. He stepped forward and Doctor Green showed him through the corridor, his heart pounding against his chest with each step. They stopped outside a room. The door was open. Inside, a nurse was currently wrapping a baby in a light pink blanket.
“She looks like Sherlock did as a baby.” He answered, head still reeling slightly. Sherlock hadn’t told them, of course he hadn’t. In his defence they probably didn’t give him a chance to. “And is doing exceedingly well so I am told, but you should ask Sherlock.”
“A horror movie, then.” John decided he selected one from the pile rapidly forming beside the old newspapers and handed it to Sherlock to sort out while he quickly changed into some pyjamas and made some popcorn to accompany their hot chocolates. They sat together on the sofa with a blanket over their legs, one of which was hooked over the others while the black and white film played.
Cecily was the most popular of the bunch with the most contacts and connections. Violet nodded. “Gregory is a detective inspector with the yard.”
Sherlock smiled at his landlady’s retreating form and then turned to John, the blondes face still sterner than he would like. John pointed at him, “text or leave a note next time, I was worried sick.”
“I am working on a possible lead.” Sherlock admitted, he sipped at the tea that they had provided for him.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and purposely didn’t answer, instead he kissed the top of his daughter’s head.
Mycroft managed a nod in response. Sherlock had been the only one to hold her so far. The pale man pried the baby from his chest, she whined in response and held her away from his body, turning her and placing her in Mycroft’s waiting arms. He looked rather silly, tall in a dark three piece suit with a baby dressed only in a bodysuit that only covered torso, a blanket between her and Mycroft, his large hands supporting her. Sherlock stood for a moment before striding off in the direction of his bedroom.
