“Harry's dad talk ‘bout you today,” Peter said casually between large bites of food, which Steve needed to remind him not to do.
“Oh, there is no way I’m gonna forget that time,” Rhodey laughed a little as he remembered trying to smuggle Tony into the club.
“Because it’s the anniversary of us getting together! It’s been almost five years since then!”
“Happy anniversary to you too, baby. Did you get those for moi?” Tony chuckled, knowing that they both knew the answer to that.
, let me catch my breath. Oh, this is too good.” Bucky sat properly and settled down enough to explain. “Steve’s planning the same
“First of all, you are not 30,” Tony started seriously. “Still not cool lying to your parents at 29 years, 11 months, 3 weeks, and 4 days old.”
Steve smiled at him, and then looked at Tony. “You must be so mad you can’t say I told you so right now.”
Steve looked at Bucky with a shy smile. “Can’t tell you. You just said to stop talking about it.”
”Mine, my omega, Steve”, he rambles as he nuzzles Steve’s collarbone, then kisses his throat. ”Darling, sweetheart, don’t cry. Don’t cry, baby”, he goes on, caressing Steve’s hair. His own voice is breaking.
But Steve interrupts his perfect plan when they reach the bed, and instead of following Tony to it he falls to his knees in front of him, a familiar display of respect.
Steve’s jaw trembles against Tony’s temple, and Tony squeezes his arms tighter around him.
The alpha rocked his hips back with a breathy moan, and Steve brought his hand lightly to his throat, his fingers ghosting over Tony’s pulse point.
”We could go to our bedroom. If you want”, Tony says softly.
”Oh God”, Steve breathes out shakily, tears pushing into his eyes. He reaches his hand over Bruce, whose injuries they have both crouched down to investigate after his use of the gauntlet. Tony squeezes the hand Steve offers, his eyes never leaving the phone. Steve’s eyes, however, shoot Bruce a wordless ’thank you’ which Bruce answers with a smile. Bruce is injured, but thankfully, they seem to have made it this far without sacrificing any more lives.
Steve registers it when Tony goes out, but he doesn’t have time to think about it. Thanos is trying to jam the Stormbreaker into Thor’s chest and looking an alarmingly lot like he’s going to succeed, and Steve’s eyes catch Thor’s hammer. Desperately, he goes for it, his only thought being that Thor needs to have his hammer right now.
Shaking himself out of his head, Steve tried to concentrate on how good Tony felt, how soothing his scent was and how warm his body was against him. He showered Tony’s neck with a series of little kisses, then pressed his nose into his hair. It still smelled clean after Steve had washed it this morning.
But really, Steve and Tony were just like everyone else.
But he knew it wouldn’t stop, and it would need to end.
“Bucky?” He turned and saw Steve in the doorway, looking at him with a frown. “What was that about?”
“You got- somehow you managed to get cookie dough in your beard,” Steve said with a fond smile, as Tony tried to swipe it away, only managing at to smush it more into his face and make the chocolate melt in the process.
“You are right,” Steve started, a smile obvious in his voice. “Your pillow really does suck.”
Tony rolled his eyes and yelled, “focus! I need you to go talk to Steve about it, see if he’s planning anything big, which if I know him, he probably wants to do something big to impress me.”
“No. Everyone thinks my birthday that year was our first date, but it wasn’t.” Steve turned to see the questioning look in Bucky’s eyes. “Our first date was weeks before that. I’m surprised none of you ever questioned it when we’d celebrate our anniversary in mid-June, when you all know when my birthday is.”
“I love the life we’ve built too, honey,” he whispered in Steve’s ear, earning himself a kiss on the cheek.
“He means well, I promise. He probably would have freaked that you were asking him questions, but not for the reason you’re thinking. He’s really worried that doing the same thing they did on their first date isn’t enough to impress Steve-”
”Let’s throw this away so it won’t bother you”, Tony says, pulling at the ruined corset that’s still trapped underneath Steve. Steve closes his eyes and
”Look at all that”, he muses. ”God I love your ass.”
”Go to sleep, sweetie”, Steve tells Emmett with a sad smile. ”Tell daddy I said hi if you happen to see him.”
”go without me”, Steve finishes, but the connection is already lost. He picks up Tony’s name immediately from the contacts again, tears prickling in his eyes.
”Perhaps we should just go to sleep.”
Still, they were both more or less damaged, but that didn’t have to mean that they couldn’t comfort each other intimately.
”Yeah, I’ll come”, Peter confirms quickly, then looks a little embarrassed about his enthusiasm.
At first Tony just grunts sleepily, but then Steve feels him lift his head and press a kiss onto his shoulder blade.
”Apparently they usually suppress these kind of heats, because they’re quite aggressive and some omegas have died of them –”
Tony considered for a moment. He
”You’re behaving exceptionally”, Steve observed, mainly to make conversation. But it was also true – usually there was a bit more testosterone in Tony’s aura at this point.
He slumps to the floor.
After Tony’s fallen asleep, Steve goes looking for Bruce. He finds all of them – Bruce, Nat, Rhodey, Thor, Rocket, Carol and Nebula – in a conference room planning for their next move. He asks Bruce outside.
He reaches for Steve’s hand, takes it into his, sighs.
Tony does his best to pull a reassuring expression onto his face, but it must not be that convincing, because it’s Steve who says: ”We’ll get through this somehow, together. It’ll never stop hurting, but one day it won’t hurt this much anymore.”
”Shh”, he says, continuing his thrusts, not opening his eyes. He knows there’s no real alarm; there’s a more sophisticated string of sounds for that that they’ve agreed on.
”Your wish is my command”, Steve answers, opening his eyes slowly. Tony wants to snort, because the hell it is, but it’s not the right moment. ”After you, unless you wish to be carried.”
”No”, he breathes out shakily. ”I’m sorry, sir.”
Steve’s surprised of his concern. He’s certainly in pain, but the worst of it is psychological. The physical pain is not nearly on the fainting level it had gotten to before.
”You’re not okay, are you?”
Steve nods frantically, wanting nothing more than Kieran getting what he needs and calming down.
”Tony –”
”I love you too. Touch yourself for me, baby.”
It had been a couple of years since they’d last done it this way, and Steve knew that he’d have to take his time. He was more than ready to do that.
Tony takes the wrists Steve eagerly presents and clicks the handcuffs attached to the headboard around them. They’re hardly your typical pair of handcuffs, they’re much nicer and much more difficult to get out of than regular ones, even with super soldier strength. Of course, to Tony they open up with a couple of words.
Steve is whimpering, still chasing his own completion as Tony starts slowly coming down. He pushes himself up, taking in Tony’s wrecked look; he’s still out of breath, eyes half-lidded and damp around, the marks Steve’s left screaming with colour. Steve takes his own cock into hand, his heart filling with dark, lust-ridden satisfaction as he stares at Tony. Tony is his, it’s his marks all over him and it’s
”What? But wasn’t the therapist practically sure that it’s stress-related?”
”Just talk to me.” Bucky is calm, his voice reaching to him from a respectful distance, and with a little bit of forcing from himself Steve manages to gather up something to tell his friend. But the thing is, him and Bucky have been apart for a long time, and while the friendship between them was never going away, things like these weren’t something they were faced with when they were younger. Bucky’s been too far from the life Steve’s been living for the past couple of years, and now he feels too far for the thoughts he’s fighting against. Steve tries, but loses his strength to talk in the end.
Steve can’t bear to look at Tony, not even move. Tony is alarmingly still beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sounds earnest, and Steve wants to believe him. But he has to know what’s going on.
The first thing Steve feels is relief. The second, however, is anger. He wants to go and slap Tony. Instead, he puts on a weak smile and sits beside him.
It doesn’t seem to matter much, though, because Steve’s eyes are desperate all the same, his breathing turning short just at the sensation of Tony’s warm and ready cock in his hand.
”I had no idea”, Tony whispers, holding him tightly. His voice sounds strained, suffocated.
Tony’s expression cools down. Steve shakes his head – Tony’s heard nothing yet. He walks to the sofa that’s placed against one of the workshop’s walls and sits down, burying his face into his hands. After a moment of silence, Tony follows him.
Steve shied resting his weight on Tony’s open arm because of the alpha’s weak state, but he did his best not to show it as he knew Tony would just get self-conscious and frustrated. It had been an entire discussion already when Tony had realized that he would have to give up the place of big spoon when they slept to Steve for now. Tony’s injury simply didn’t allow him to hold Steve like he wanted and was used to, and the alpha had had no choice but to adjust.
Steve’s eyes search for a second before landing on Tony’s, then on the shield that Tony’s holding for him.
Tony’s kneeling next to him, his hand coming down to coax Steve’s face towards him. His voice sounds calm, but Steve can sense distress through the bond.
Nat lets the doctor in as she exits the room with Emmett in her arms, leaving Steve to wipe his eyes as the doctor greets him.
Bruce helps him into a bathrobe and walks him to the bathroom.
”I don’t know”, Steve says, staring at Tony. ”You seemed keen on the idea.”
”Anywhere. Just please don’t stop”, Steve answers, and Tony doesn’t think he’s seen Steve quite this open with his pain after that night they first had sex after their break up one and a half years ago.
favorite sight in the world.
Steve winces. The air around him smells like disinfectant.
It’s Bucky’s turn to solve his throat. ”Cute lil’ fellows. Thanks for letting me meet them. I think I’ll go now.” He turns to Steve. ”It was good to see you, Steve. I’ll call you. Take it easy.”
”Like what?”
”I think it might’ve been for Sam”, a voice says behind him, and Tony nearly drops his bottle as he turns to see Steve at the door.
”Oh, god”, Tony mutters, his breathy voice having a slight tremor. ”Fuck, honey.”
”Show Bucky the twins”, Steve repeats, not bothering to hide his irritation.
Stubbornly, he refuses to let it distract him any further and begins to move his hips again. From the way Steve moans shamelessly Tony gathers that his feelings on the subject are similar. He sucks Steve’s earlobe between his lips, making the omega shiver.
”It’s not as if I didn’t
Tony opens his mouth, but is stopped by the sound of a door opening. The therapist stands at the door, smiling like she hasn’t caught them at the promise of an argument.
”You’ll tell Tony?”
Tony replied him with a low, tender “mm-h”, and Steve tasted his skin again, wincing slightly as Tony’s finger left him. There was a sound of the jar being opened, and Steve felt a chill of anticipation.
Steve shakes his head.
”Who did you kill?”
”Please, come in.”
”I know. Me too. But you need to tell me what’s going on.”
”A year ago, I told you that there’s no other way to live for me than this, a life with you”, Tony continues, his voice turning harder. ”I said that we’d fix us or die trying. And since that I’ve been trying, every fucking day I’ve been trying, and you still didn’t trust me enough to talk to me. I’m here, Steve, I’ve been here all the time, taking care of the children you apparently didn’t even want, trying to understand why I’m doing it alone while you take your shit out on me, every day just patiently giving my everything to keep this show on the road. What do I have to do to get you trying, Steve? What do I fucking have to do?!”
Steve realises he’s talked out of turn. ”I was going to tell you. I was going to tell you
”I knew it”, Tony grouses, then rests his chin on Steve’s shoulder, or more precisely, as close to it as he can reach. ”Can I at least know what your doctor said?”
Without any further reassurances, Tony delivers, starting a ruthless rhythm of non-stop strikes, and it hurts, it hurts so much that tears finally begin to roll down Steve’s cheeks. He has no chance of watching his own reactions from the mirror anymore; all he knows is the pain, the high from the endorphins making him dizzy.
”I just don’t know what to do”, Steve says then, still on the verge of tears if his broken voice is any indication.
”No. That what you had?”
”Just Steve is okay”, Tony heard Steve mutter against his cock, and he would have pointed out how fucking lame the joke was, but another finger was being pushed into him and fuck – Steve started fucking him with his fingers, slow and precise and everything Tony had ever wanted from life. His back wanted to arch but it was counter-intuitive, he needed to be still and not bother Steve when he did magic with his fingers. Desperate for some way to relieve the tension that was building up inside of him, Tony gripped the sheets, fisting them in bliss.
The audacity; Tony paying an absurd amount of money for a handmade custom corset just to
”Should I put him to bed?” Steve asks. Tony’s eyes don’t leave Emmett as he answers.
”Are you sick?”
But now, he looks at it, at the two dark spots in the middle of greyish white that had first confirmed to them that they were having twins. Tony’s fingers brush the picture.
Steve is still complete putty when Tony begins to steady his breath, placing a few kisses to Steve’s throat. As the haze begins to clear, he notices that the bond feels alert and looks up to see tears streaming down Steve’s cheeks.
Steve snags the thing out of his mouth.
”Mmh. Having fun?”
”You’ve shaved”, Tony points out. Steve hums against his hand affirmatively. It’s silent for a few minutes, during which Steve just focuses on breathing Tony’s scent in again, on feeling their bond. Sensing the warmth in Tony’s hand.
”I owe my life to that lady. Both of them, really. Must thank them”, he finishes, and Steve breaks into tears at the realisation of how close he came to losing Tony.
”Ask nicely.”
Tony can’t be gone, because without him, Steve will die. He’s sure of it.
”For believing that I love them.”
He thinks of Tony, thinks of how unjust this is. He’s been so angry, but now everything that’s left is the bottomless grief. Not a cell in his body is ready to do what he’s going to have to do.
“What are you doing, Tones?” Rhodey walked by as he saw Tony staring at the coffee table with a planner and his StarkPad.
Tony just smiled and pulled Steve in for a kiss, soft and gentle. “I absolutely know. I love you too.”
“That’s, what? Three boy names we agree on?” Tony recounted with a chuckle.
Bucky hummed in response, not sure what else to say. This was not how this was supposed to go.
“Yeah, Hot Guy!”
“Thanks Clint,” Steve told him as he exited the room. “Do you mind staying with Tony? I’ll go greet our visitors and try and answer Loki’s questions before he gets too close to Tony’s earshot.”
The men laughed as they followed her back to the mats.
Soon, his lapful of Peter was replaced by his husband.
“Wait, we’re at Romano’s?” Tony looked up at the sign with a confused expression.
Tony threw himself at Rhodey and hugged him as he got up from the couch.
”There’s no winning with you”, Tony continues, leaning his elbows against the counter and burying his face to his palms. But then he shoots back up quickly.
”I should go change out of the suit, anyway”, he says, trying to sound like he’s fine. ”I’ll take Emmy with me, he’s bound to wake up soon to eat, right?”
”You think I don’t?” Tony reproves. He tries to remind himself that he really isn’t in the position to lose his nerve with Steve now.
An innocent little burp finally informs Steve that it’s time to let Kieran go back to sleep. He still holds him for a while more before laying him back to the crib gently, and after, he stays leaned down, petting Kieran’s tiny arms until Tony’s voice gets his attention.
”How you’d expect. I’m sure you know”, is the answer.
”You’re not the only one who is in pain!” Tony stops him angrily. Steve goes quiet, and Tony tries to calm himself down. ”Please”, he says after a while. ”Just stop.”
”You can tell me”, he reassures. ”I’m here.”
Steve struggles against it for a while before slumping down defeatedly. He has no chance and no will.
“And what did you see?”
”Of being Captain America’s sugar-daddy? I don’t know. It’s better than being compared to him.”
Steve takes a moment to process. There’s some pain, but overall he feels better than… for the last two days, he realises. Actually, it’s less than that. The heat had started yesterday morning, and now…
Then Steve let his cock out of his mouth. Tony was confused for whole three seconds before Steve’s fingers started to hit the spot inside of him again, now quick, almost mechanical. He palmed Tony’s lower stomach with his free hand, just above Tony’s cock so that it came to rest against the back of his hand, and pressed down slightly. He knew exactly what he was doing, and if Tony’s eyes weren’t rolling towards the back of his head, he could have watched how an obscure amount of pre-cum soon leaked from the tip of his cock, provoked by the attack on his prostate.
His words charge Steve with anticipatory energy, and he complies eagerly; he’s been waiting for so long. Finally, Tony’s going to give him what he wants, to fill him –
Steve’s whole body is shaking viciously, and if he’d been struggling to keep his weight on his hands before, now he really has to fight to stay in position. Slowly, he lifts his face up to see himself in the mirror. His face is red from the exertion, and even though the pain is easing every second now, he can’t seem to stop the tears from falling.
Steve looks at him, Tony just able to make out his eyes in the dark.
”Steve’s right”, Tony agrees. ”And don’t worry about us pestering you, you can take up a room from as far from our dull asses as you like. Bring a friend if you like. There’s a video game room in the south wing. I think the VR isn’t quite up to date, but that can easily be fixed –”
Steve grabs Emmett’s cot. ”We’ll be back.” He tries to smile at Tony and Tony returns the smile with doubtful eyes. Bruce offers him a compassionate look and Steve can guess that his face looks terrible after all the crying.
”Stop it. Just stop it, Steve”, he says numbly, unable to even hear himself. ”I don’t want you in my mind. I don’t want to think about you. I don’t want anything to do with you. Just. Stop.”
”It’s okay, Steve. A doctor is coming. Just sit down and breathe.”
”I just… I feel like I didn’t make the decision based on that, on only the things that I should’ve. I let my insecurity make the final call instead, and I doubt I’ll ever be able to tell you whether I would’ve said yes or no if not for that. You know I was – am – afraid of them being left alone to this world. The thought of not being there to protect them still crushes me if I think about it”, he admits, the calmness of his voice breaking a little at the end. ”But I did
When Tony had gone for the stones, what Steve had felt through the bond couldn’t be described as anything else than an apology. Or, perhaps, a goodbye. Either way, Steve had known that Tony could see his own death coming, had already accepted it. Was ready.
He doesn’t want to be the one left behind again.
”It’s all right”, he told the alpha, planting a kiss onto his forehead. ”Go to sleep, baby.”
Steve takes the glass offered to him, his hand shaking as he presses it to his lips and drinks greedily.
Tony stops to add more oil, then sighs blissfully at how easily his cock moves against Steve’s chest. He’s radiating pure control over Steve, not hiding a bit of how much he’s enjoying this.
”So is this how this works? Two against one?” he says scornfully. ”Sounds familiar, doesn’t it, Steve?”
Having lost his ability to talk to the bit in his throat Steve just nodded against Tony’s shoulder. Tony caressed his hand.
The two of them settle on trying to give all of themselves to each other until the earliest birds are starting to chirp outside.
”Are you?” Tony shoots him back, staring him down, and Steve isn’t prepared for how awful it makes him feel. He feels hurt, even if he’s the one who’s stirring shit up. Losing his will to fight, he resigns to staring at the floor, shame prickling his eyes. Getting talked back like that by his alpha while Bucky sits right next to him is humiliating. He doesn’t, of course, think about how humiliating it must be for Tony to have his omega taunt him in front of an another alpha.
”Hi, Steve”, he says, and Steve can instantly tell that things are bad from his chipper tone. Tony always uses it when he doesn’t want Steve to worry about him while there’s something going on that Steve
Steve is away visiting Nat with Emmett, and Tony huffs at his own pitifulness. He doesn’t even have the spine to relapse openly instead of doing it behind Steve’s back. He can already see himself showering, changing clothes and washing his teeth pathetically before Steve comes back home, fully aware that his omega will still smell the booze on him. They’ve danced this dance before – before Steve made him quit, and not with an ultimatum, but unironically, just love.
”Here.” Steve’s gently guided to the armchair next to the crib. Tony leans down to see him, his hands steadying Steve by the shoulders. ”Just breathe. Everything’s fine.”
He went slow, like always, because he was big and Tony’s physique wasn’t designed for this like his was. The alpha’s healthy hand was squeezing his pillow, a broken mix of a pant and a moan leaving him as Steve pushed past his rim. Steve stopped there, caressing Tony’s hip as he waited for Tony to relax.
Steve turns to see Bucky turn into ashes. The reality only starts to sink in as he kneels down to touch the disappearing black flakes. He doesn’t even understand to grieve his best friend at this moment, because there’s only one thing on his mind.
It’s very like Tony to ask the right questions. Steve hesitates a little before answering.
Steve had put his cup away and rubbed his face against his hands, his elbows supported against his thighs.
”Steve, honey, no”, he says before he can stop himself, pulling at Steve’s hand, because yes, it’s touching and traditional but right now, he just needs to feel Steve’s skin against his, fuck the ceremonies.
to be touched – and he twists his wrist free without holding off at all, pushing Tony away from him so that the alpha loses his balance. But Tony gets up right away, calling the suit sans the helmet in the process. In a few seconds he’s overpowered Steve’s weakened body easily, holding his wrist locked.
There’s no reply. Steve tries not to think about it, but it’s hard when he lies alone in the darkness, chasing sleep. Tony’s disappointed expression, his angry voice, keeps coming back to him, and a horrible guilt gnaws Steve’s insides.
Tony looks tired, and Steve doesn’t want to bother him by shoving himself to the single bed with him, so he pulls a chair next to it instead, taking Tony’s hand between his own. He kisses it, closing his eyes. Tony tries to squeeze back with his hand, and Steve can feel that there’s hardly any strength in his grip.
“Four.”
”I’m sorry”, Happy had cried. ”I’m so sorry, Steve. I couldn’t do anything.”
”Hey”, Tony mumbled sleepily, smiling at the sight of Steve leaning over him.
Tony allows him to take a steadying breath before he gets round him and moves onto his other arm, giving it the same treatment. It burns, but Steve stays on his hands and knees, his face turning more and more pained in the mirror. His arms shake slightly, and Steve isn’t sure himself if it’s from pain or need.
They stay like that for a long time. Eventually Steve’s shoulders stop shaking, his breath starting to even, until Tony finally feels like it’s okay to speak.
”What does that mean?” he asks. His voice is cautious like he’s walking on thin ice, but underneath that Steve can hear his alpha demanding him for an explanation. Rightfully so.
”My gorgeous alpha”, he couldn’t stop himself from mumbling, kissing Tony’s shoulder as he felt his own cock immediately become interested. He half expected Tony to tell him to stop and move on, but he didn’t. Steve saw that his eyes were closed again but there was an anticipating expression on his face.
”Mm”, Steve kisses his neck. ”Feel good?” he teases.
”I’m sorry, sir”, Steve says quickly. He’s meant to say that when he makes a mistake, and ”thank you, sir” after he gets a punishment or a reward. Other than that, he only speaks when he’s asked to.
”I know”, Steve says after a while, answering Tony’s gaze. To Tony’s surprise he smiles. ”You would never hurt me.”
”Shh”, the alpha soothed him, making Steve halt his growling. ”Everything’s okay.”
”Yes”, Tony agrees. His hand moves from Steve’s cock to grab his ass, pushing him down on his cock. ”Go ahead, baby. Take what’s yours.”
”Could you please take Kit for a while?” he asks, smelling the crying baby for a second time just to be sure. ”I think he just wants to be held, but I’ve got that call, and I also finally managed to get Emmy asleep and I really want to keep him asleep –”
Technically, Steve was still sick after a nightmarish heat had took hold of him when Tony had been stranded in space after the first snap. The heat had threatened to kill him, and after drastic measures had had to be taken to save him, Steve’s reproductive system was still a mess. At first, penetrative sex had also been incredibly painful for him, but that at least had been gradually easing now.
”No, I don’t.”
Bucky turns his eyes back to the stars.
Although actually fucking his alpha had been nerve-wrecking the first time Steve had done it, and still made him feel a little self-conscious because of his big build for an omega, Steve had always liked touching Tony like this with his fingers. In Steve’s time, omegas touching their alphas like this had been taboo, and even though the world was a lot less judgmental place nowadays, there was still a slight sense of something forbidden in Steve’s mind to it. Being the rebel he was at heart, that only fueled him.
Nat observes him, apparently trying to decide whether he’s in the condition.
“Perfect”, he hears Tony whisper, and then the strings are being pulled to the side, all of Steve exposed. Steve can’t find it in him to be embarrassed at this point – instead, he struggles not to push his ass backwards, closer to Tony’s face –
”Honey”, Tony says, his hand traveling to Steve’s neck and caressing it firmly. ”The only thing that matters is that you’re okay.”
”Really?” Tony asks quickly. ”You should be called that all the time. Yeah. From now on, I’m calling you nothing but ‘pretty one’ and that includes missions.”
Steve’s phone rings the second he manages to shut himself in his office. He lowers his voice as he starts to talk.
”We’ll find him”, she’d said, teary-eyed.
Steve finds Tony stuck on his computer, writing code so fast that even with his enhanced senses Steve is having trouble keeping up. He’s not here to read code, though.
Steve tried to keep his breathing regular. The sensation of having Tony’s eyes roam all over him was exhilarating, and when he finally freed himself of his boxers, his cock slapped against his stomach, hard and ready.
”I know”, he says, trying hard not to think about Tony. ”God, I know.”
”Steve”, he says, trying to sound as gentle as he can. ”You’re hurting.”
”Yes”, he agrees steadily. ”Steve”, he continues then, allowing vulnerability onto his features for a second, and Steve leans to kiss him.
Steve hadn’t missed the joke made on his expense, and he had been actually rather humored by it despite his irritation. As saying stupid things went, Tony hadn’t been doing too strongly either that night.
Of course, Steve hadn’t dropped him. He had still dragged Tony downstairs with him to get the food and once again, decided to deliver.
He lets Tony’s cock fill his mouth and sucks around it. Steve loves the feeling of Tony’s cock in his mouth, and he shows it by swirling his tongue around it fondly, by sucking it like he’s tasting his favourite thing in the world.
But Tony didn’t move his hand from Steve’s mouth. He leaned in, staring at Steve, who was now whining against his hand openly, and there was a mischievous glint in his eyes.
”Yeah, that’s what I thought”, Tony blusters. ”Now, something
”Of course not. It would honestly be no trouble, Peter” he says as earnestly as he can, and because he’s Steve Rogers, it’s pretty damn earnest.
But he can feel Emmett. His child is feeling his fear, his pain. The threat, the final void staring straight at him. That gives Steve resolve.
much.” Steve kissed his temple. ”And I love you for how determined you are. When you set your mind to something, you don’t give up until you get what you want.” He kissed Tony’s cheek, grinding his hips against him just inconspicuously enough.
Who cared if Tony died of a heart attack if it happened like this? Besides, Tony had only himself to blame – Steve hadn’t learned all of this from his non-existent sex education class back in the 1930’s.
Tony gives him an amused kind of predatory look, and then he’s near Steve again, pulling his hair lightly and whispering into his ear.
”Steve, baby, love of my life – ah – please fuck me”, he pleaded, impatient but meaning every word.
”Baby”, Steve breathes out, wrapping his leg around Tony, and Tony sucks his earlobe, kisses his neck. His fingers find Steve’s ass again, but there’s still very little slick. It troubles him, but knowing that he’ll only have more problems in his hands if he makes it into an issue now Tony produces a bottle of lube from the drawer behind Steve.
”Yeah, well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Strange had appeared, and not even remembering his broken leg and arm, Steve had carried Tony through a portal right to the emergency entrance of Metro-General Hospital, New York. Bruce had come with them too, and there, in front of the hospital doors and distraught people, together they’d got Tony out of the suit that had absorbed massive amounts of radiation and then hurried him into life support.
Tony strolls to Steve, taking Kieran from him.
The relief of finally being free from the pain, from all of the hurt between them is almost too good. Tony feels drunk as he watches Steve, feels the pressure of his walls around him. Steve’s face is openly desperate, his expression begging him for more until his jaw finally slackens and his moans quickly grow in pitch.
Steve blinks, then brings his own hand behind Tony’s neck and pulls him into a kiss. Tony caresses his face, wrapping his arm around Steve. He can’t help it that the way he’s kind of keeping Steve in place, the way Steve relaxes in his hold, makes him remember what they’d left unfinished before.
”Shh, Steve, it’s just a dream.”
”My car’s around the corner”, Tony says. ”Going my way?”
”Shut up”, Steve croaks. Tony pulls him closer and kisses his forehead, then presses his own forehead against it.
”No”, Tony breathes out, shaking his head. His eyes are begging for Steve to tell him that he’s guessing wrong. ”Please, no.”
”Talk to me”, Steve tells him.
When Steve grabs his half-hard cock into his hand and starts to stroke it, Tony lets out a small, whiny noise. He reaches down to push his underwear properly out of the way, then shifts a little closer to Steve, kissing his throat.
Steve knows what destroying the mind stone means for Vision, but it’s not his first concern right now. The connection crackles.
On the surface, it was. Tony didn’t brood at him or taunt him. But something was definitely going on, and Steve sighed, giving in to the fact that it was probably best to try and settle this now, whatever it was, before it would get out of hand.
But where?
Weeks go by. They go back to normal in a couple of days after the lipstick ad incident, and slowly, their normal begins to get better and better. There are hardly any silent dinners anymore, and sometimes they even cook together, or watch a movie after eating.
perfect, and he’s said it a thousand times, but Steve is not stupid to want this – Tony is stupid to be in a rush, to make it seem like this part means nothing to him. He doesn’t need it like Steve seems to do, but that’s not the same as it meaning nothing to him. And anyway, it doesn’t matter, because if his omega wants to kneel in front of him for the first time in almost a year, that’s not really much asked from Tony, is it?
”You like that?” he asked, thrusting into Steve with more force now when he could afford to get breathless. “You like hearing daddy work, Steve?”
But later that night, when he’s got the twins asleep, Steve heads down to the workshop to find Tony. Now that Steve’s doing his part with Kieran and Emmett again, Tony’s been able to start getting back to work.
”Yeah, I – I’ve seriously got to leave this room right now, it’s… I think it’s fucking me up”, Tony says, looking distraught as he turns to leave. ”I’ll wait for you in the hallway.”
”Nothing,” Steve answers, showing a small, hesitant smile. ”Just that… when I was sick, I thought about how you always spoil me when I’m in heat.”
”Guess you don’t want it then”, Tony says, starting to ease his grip.
”Ask me for anything else, Steve”, he says. ”Anything, baby. Let me take care of you.”
It went just as well as Tony had imagined. With a growl, Steve’s teeth sank into the thin skin on top of Tony’s left collarbone, making him wince. Luckily, it was more out of surprise than anything else, since the bite wasn’t too hard; more of a beg than a display of aggression.
”So”, Steve said after a while.
”I –”, he starts, then shakes his head a little. ”You know what I want.”
”Watch it, punk”, he says, getting up to leave. ”Try to get some sleep now or I’ll have to drag your ass to Stark’s door myself just to get some peace and quiet around here.”
Steve sighs, driving his thoughts away. There’s enough that rubbed him the wrong way in what Tony said to make a problem of the part that was probably meant to be a compliment – an odd one at that, but nevertheless.
”Don’t get like that with me.”
“Devastated, of course. But you know her. She’s strong. Rational.”
AC/DC: Hells Bells. Tony would seethe if he wasn’t preoccupied by his head aching like it was just hit with the fore-mentioned bells. FRIDAY knows very well that him passing out is a sign for her to turn off the music from the workshop, so she must’ve left it on on purpose, as a protest no doubt. Tony’s having serious questions about the programming of her empathy.
”Uh, thank you, sir.”
As Tony’s hand travels down his torso and wraps around his cock, Steve lifts himself up, his eyes fixed on Tony’s. He can’t help clenching around Tony’s erection as Tony strokes him exactly how he likes it, his other hand coming up to tease his nipple.
”Which reminds me, I’ve got a conference call in fifteen minutes, peaches.”
”Steve”, Tony mumbled suddenly between his moans. ”Baby – ah – I think you’re gonna – I think you’re gonna make me come.”
”Hey”, Bucky says instead as Steve stands up to leave, getting up himself.
Sluggishly, Tony complies. His expression softens as Steve lays Emmett on his chest carefully.
”Are you sure?” he asked with a teasing smile. ”You won’t bite me?”
He tries to rationalise and think, forcing air in through his nose and out through his mouth. Who could help him? If he has to have an alpha with him, he’d rather it’d be someone he knows. But like omegas, alphas are quite rare. Who does he even know that is still alive?
Emmett, who seems to have grasped the situation a little better, answers Tony’s repeats about behaviour with a cheeky ”you behave” that makes Tony lift his eyebrows at him and Steve lift a hand to his face to stifle his laugh.
”Do you think I made a mistake?”
”I’ve been lying in bed for two months”, he said. ”I’ve done physiotherapy and been on all of these goddamn meds for a small eternity and I still can’t even stay up for a whole day.” He made an unhappy laugh at his own words. ”And now my dick has resigned from even
Tony does however look into Pym’s research. He’s read through most of it before, including everything he’s been able to dig up about the Ant-Man technology. Tony had found Pym’s research about the quantum realm astonishing before, but now, when he looks into it again, a shiver runs down his spine. There’s a lot of new data, and some of it is from the day of the snap. Pym had been experimenting on that very day, and from the way the data looks incomplete, it seems that the man had gone in the midst of his experiment.
”Thank you.”
”Is it a commitment issue? Because if it is, I think we need to talk about it”, Steve continues, trying his best to sound amenable even though he feels hurt when he thinks about Tony not wanting to commit to him.
”Yes, sir.”
Steve startles, losing his ability to speak for a second.
Steve hates how he constantly has to fight his emotions down. He knows that he’s just going to have to endure this somehow and that he’s going to do it, but it frightens him, sickens him really. He hasn’t been through a heat alone after going into the ice. And he’s mourning.
It seems he’s not the only one who notices that, because Steve’s hand begins to caress his thigh. Tony can feel the blood beginning to flow towards his lower body again, and he parts their lips in an attempt to stop himself from getting too excited. He’s supposed to wash Steve’s hair.
With their combined effort, Steve’s shirt comes off clumsily, and Tony relishes the sensation of their bare chest’s pressed together. Steve’s skin is burning hot against his, and as Tony picks up the pace, he finds it soon moist with sweat, sticking to his own. Everything clicks into place – Steve keeps producing slick generously, making it easy for Tony’s cock to slide back and forth in him, and they fall into a perfect rhythm, just like they used to.
To Tony’s credit, he doesn’t get a bit flustered.
Both of their faces seem to lighten up at the mention of Peter; him, MJ, May and Happy have promised to take the twins with them to Coney Island. Coney Island is a treat of course, but Peter alone would be enough to get the twins hyped. If there’s anyone who could threaten Tony’s place as The Coolest Person Ever in their minds, it’s him.
Tony could feel Steve’s breath on his neck when he chuckled.
”Yes, but that’s only a part of it. Sleeping with someone often actually makes me sleep better, so that’s great. But you’re not someone. I’m… like I said, not good with emotions. It’s hard to explain, but I get messed up whenever I let someone into my life. Like, I get physically ill, somatic symptoms. It’s just nerves but it’s off-putting and while I know I’m going to get over that step with you, I guess I’ve been putting it off, trying to keep the perfect illusion going for a little longer.”
”, Tony more grumbled than begged. ”Please.”
”Yes”, he agreed, Steve able to hear his grin in his voice. ”Sweet love, to my sweet omega who has been all alone for weeks.”
”Yeah”, Kieran agrees curiously, talking with food in his mouth. ”What’s wrong with moomoo, daddy?”
Steve stares at the babies, only really waking up now, and he freezes. He knows the next step is picking Kieran up, but he can’t do it. Something’s keeping him from moving, and he’s just stuck staring, panic rising inside of him. His throat feels tight, and it’s hard to breathe. The crying is becoming deafening in his ears as he tries to gasp for more air, the world starting to blur around him. He can feel Kieran’s distress through the bond; his baby needs him and he doesn’t do anything, suddenly doesn’t know how, doesn’t know what to do, he’s gonna drop him if he picks him up –
”Steve – ah, yeah”, Tony rambles, and Steve sucks his skin so hard he can taste the iron underneath, harder than a normal human could. ”Nnh, fuckthathurts –”
Tony groans. He can’t hear the sounds of the twins himself, but now he knows that there can be an overly dramatic inquiry about a lost sock or that one toy that is needed right now at the door any second. He can only hope that the TV remote is not lost.
Bruce takes a hesitant step towards Tony, pausing for a second before closing off the rest of the distance and hugging him. He looks impossibly fragile, and Steve wonders what the man has been through.
There’s a hint of a smile in Steve’s eyes as he obeys.
Steve sighed. He hadn’t expected that. Howard had been dead for decades; how was he still ruining things for Tony? Steve had liked Howard in his day enough, but he’d hated learning about how he had been to Tony.
Steve can’t tell if he’s serious. Tony’s never used those words to describe his scent. It’s not that he actually wants for Thor to care about his scent, he just wants to know.
Tony removed his fingers from Steve, left his leaking cock alone. He pressed his crotch against the cleft of Steve’s ass, and Steve groaned, feeling Tony’s erection against him through the fabric. It was the only thing he could think of, and he opened his eyes to beg with them.
Just a heads-up; Anemone will wrap up next week, as chapter 9 will be the last and chapter 10 will be the epilogue, which I'll be putting out next Friday too. :>
Steve avoids his gaze. ”No, I’m not”, he answers, sounding frustrated, and Tony at least appreciates his honesty.
Steve obeyed the traffic laws when it came to his bike, but since he wanted to get there as soon as possible, he took some shortcuts and weaved through some people, much to their dismay.
Rhodey waved him off. “Don’t worry about it, I have it all figured out. Just convince Steve he can have the movie night at home and it’ll be the same sentiment, but they’ll get their movie night at the park.”
He heard bits and pieces. The villain they’d fought managed to get Tony’s armor compromised. Tony had had to get out of it. Something about a spell, and Tony being unconscious, broken limbs. Bucky couldn’t keep up and he didn’t care. He’d cut Steve off and ran for the elevator after barely taking the time to throw on some clothes. There were advantages to having the Avengers medical centre in the tower where they lived.
“I’ve got all day, just so you know,” Bucky finally said, side-eyeing him.
“Do you have a preference?”
“I had to sit in class and listen to everyone talk about their perfectly normal families and which family members they look like and hereditary genes. Even the other kids with gay parents are at least related to one of their parents, you know?” Peter sighed, letting his arms drop to his lap. “I’m not ashamed of you guys or sad that I’m adopted, it’s just… when we did our family trees before it was pictures on a computer slide show. Now, it’s a deep dive into my family history and it kinda hurt to not know anything about my birth parents, and its hard to explain Pops being 100 years old and not having any living relatives, even if everyone
“I’m not stupid! I know that. But I can probably just coax an idea or two out of him and see if what you have planned fits in, ya know? Tasha’s not the only spy around here.”
“Tony, if that were the case, every parent in the city would have turned by now.”
“And you looked lovely.” Natasha winked at him. “Are we going to train, or can I go back to doing something productive with my day?”
“Did you get new helmets? I don’t recognize these ones.” Tony cocked his head to the side a little as he examined one of the helmets.
Tony tilted his head up where it lay on Steve’s shoulder, giving his husband a kiss on the jaw, just below his ear.
“Throwing yourself a birthday party is a bit selfish I guess?” Bucky sounded puzzled, and Steve couldn’t help but laugh.
“Wuv you too, Papa.”
Steve, holding Tony’s chin still with his index finger and his thumb trailing much
Steve got out of bed to go on his daily run, even though it was Saturday, and then he’d go by Tony’s usual donut shop and pick up his favorites.
“Chew your food, Pete,” Tony reminded him. “And Papa doesn’t
Steve’s back slammed into the mat before he even knew what had happened.
“And yet, you like us apparently,” Steve teased. “For the record, I didn’t want him to be wrong, you know. I just couldn’t handle hoping it was true.”
Tony rolled his eyes and gestured to Rhodey to come sit beside him. As Rhodey moved over to the couch, Tony grabbed his shirt and quickly pulled him down next to him, looking over the back to see if anyone was around.
“Rhodes.” Bucky looked around, half-expecting Tony to pop out from under one of the many cars or pieces of tech strewn about. “I wasn’t expecting to see you down here.”
look from him as Peter went on about arts and crafts.
He noticed Peter’s movement stutter a fraction before his son looked up at them like nothing was amiss. “No, it’s been a quiet week.”
Peter got up, and turned to his parents before leaving the room. “I like my origin story a lot, by the way.”
Everything about the dinner was perfect for Steve and Tony. When the waiter brought out their food, they immediately dug in. The food was delicious as always, they were in their booth, and time just seemed to stand still.
“That’s his idea. They went to an Italian place and then Tony’s got me on the hook to help with the second part. They’d caught a movie in the park after but that’s a bit harder to bet on for spontaneity. But he’s worried Steve’s planning something big and fancy.”
“What are you both doing home?” Peter asked as he joined his parents in the kitchen.
“Yup, Norman's company.”
Steve shot out of his chair and rounded the table to gather Peter into a hug, with Tony right behind him. Peter didn’t even fight them out of holding him like they were doing, as awkward as it was pilled on to the dining room chair.
“Second room on the left,” Clint answered with a knowing smile. “I’ll tell you later,” Bucky heard Clint tell Phil quietly enough that only his or Steve’s enhanced hearing would have picked it up.
“You’re not supposed to eat raw dough,” Steve had exclaimed, mostly for show. He knew they all did it. Heck, he’d been mesmerized by Tony licking the beaters when he’d made chocolate cake the week before, imagining other ways his tongue could move that way.
Then there are days when Tony wonders if he’s destined to go mad one day; if some unfortunate, unforeseeable day he’ll just lose it. He can’t imagine what it would actually entail in his case, but chances are it would be unpleasant for everyone involved.
When both babies are sleeping in their own bassinets peacefully, they’re finally able to be close to each other – a real problem with twins, no way to touch the other when all hands are full of baby. Tony climbs back to the bed, wrapping his arms around Steve and kisses his cheek.
Then Tony isn’t touching his ass anymore, and then he is, with enough force that the sound of the impact echoes in the room.
”A puppet show. They need to be there at 9”, he explains calmly, not seeming worried.
”Slick for me.”
Thor snorts, taking a sip from his beer.
”You want to fuck me?”
They fall back into the cooking. Steve is still nervy when they begin to eat, but slowly they find themselves easing into a conversation about something mundane. Tony allows himself a glass of wine and keeps stealing glances at Steve as they eat.
Just like before, he gets to it without ceremony, pushing the toy inside of himself easily. Humming, he shuts his eyes, thinking of Tony.
As they part to get air, Tony pushes himself roughly upwards enough to be able to let his forehead fall on Steve’s. Steve, whose body bends pliantly along Tony’s movement, moans loudly, staring at Tony with wide, submissive eyes.
Steve moans, sucking Tony’s earlobe into his mouth. He starts riding him in long, slow, insanely satisfying motions. Tony’s hand stays on his ass, its pressure echoing Steve’s movements, and Steve swears there’s no better place for him to be than here in this car, rocking back and forth on Tony’s cock. For a while, he just enjoys himself in his own pace, concentrates on how sweetly Tony’s cock hits him every time it fills him.
He lets Steve’s hand go and hauls his ass back to the edge off the bed.
On their first date they just have dinner on the roof. Or that’s how Tony puts it when he suggests it to Steve; just a simple dinner on the roof. When Steve shows up there on the agreed hour, however, the sight is breathtaking; there’s gorgeous lighting put up everywhere, there’s flowers, there’s a beautifully set table with a tablecloth so perfectly white it looks unreal. And Tony’s there, looking dashing in his suit and bowtie as he greets Steve with a smile that makes Steve weak in the knees.
”No. I’m sorry”, Steve mutters, nuzzling his face against Tony’s shoulder. He sniffs. ”I’m okay. Just overwhelmed.”
”I do”, Steve stops him. ”I do. And I love you more than I knew it was possible to love someone.”
”Yeah, I know, but I bit too hard. You realise you are bleeding?”
”I think so, yeah.”
Now, though, Steve seemed much more agitated than normally. Not quite aggressive, but Tony could definitely sense a hint of a threat in the air as Steve’s whines started morphing into growls. His behavior was certain to be stemming from the baby fever he’d been brewing for months before this heat, from the knowledge that they were actually trying for a baby this time.
going to kill me one of these days.”
this?” he asks sharply.
Tony’s expression melts at his words, and he reaches down to caress Steve’s hair briefly, to run his hand over Steve’s shoulder blade.
Tony huffs.
”No. I’m not mad”, he says calmly. ”Are you okay?”
”Tony”, he starts.
Steve has no idea how much time passes, but the next time he opens his eyes, there’s light. He blinks, wondering if it’s day already. There are silent noises, too. Talk.
”Honey. I would’ve said. I’m pretty sure I actually told you to keep at it. Besides, have I ever told you
Pleased with the moan that escapes Tony, Steve starts working towards hearing more, moving his mouth up and down on Tony’s cock dedicatedly. He helps with his hands, stroking the base with one and with the other, he caresses Tony’s inner thigh, his touches firm but the way his fingertips brush Tony’s balls teasing and entirely intentional.
Tony kisses his cheek.
”Stop it, for god’s sake. You’ll just cut your face.”
”Is this a bad time?” he asks.
The bed shifts as Tony leans back. Steve can’t see him, but Tony’s words confirm his guess right; Tony’s admiring.
milk”, Steve disputed, laying his hands to Tony’s shoulders from behind his chair.
He relishes Tony’s expression one more time before he sinks his teeth to his neck and sits himself fully onto his cock simultaneously.
Steve did, was rewarded with a grunt from Tony, and did again, and again, his own orgasm drawing near.
He glances down where he and Steve remain connected, then turns to look at Steve in helpless amusement.
It takes a couple of beeps before Tony answers.
”Should we keep a briefing?”
”And – well, this might correlate with the genius bit – but I love your wit, and how funny you are. No one’s ever made me laugh like you do.” A kiss under Tony’s left eye.
Steve rubs his forehead. Tony has a point – it isn’t fair.
Steve isn’t there now when Bucky looks at him.
”Show Bucky the twins, Tony”, Steve says tiredly. He’s fed up with the whole situation, Tony standing there with a frown on his face, Bucky sitting straighter, on his guard.
”No problem”, Tony told him, his cock pushing against Steve’s prostate demandingly. ”Let me know if there are any more hiccups.”
”Good boy.” Tony’s palm landed on Steve’s ass again.
”Eww. A war would be so much cooler.”
It’s hard to describe how horrible he feels. For a moment the emotions overwhelm him so completely that he even forgets the needy throbbing between his legs, and for the first time in his life, Steve truly hates being an omega. His sobs become louder until they consume him, panic rushing into his veins.
Bucky knows that he’s biased, but he thinks Stark should be counting his lucky stars to have someone like Steve. But even more than that, he knows that Steve shouldn’t be just rolling over and letting his mate go.
”So where is Kieran, Tony? Have you started to believe in heaven, or is he just…” Steve chokes around his words, ”… is he just gone?”
Steve then picked up his pace a bit, and he tried to not keep thinking about the fact of how close to losing Tony he had come. The worst part was that they weren’t in safe waters yet; they had no idea how much radiation Tony had been exposed to exactly and what the consequences to his health would be in the long term. It felt unfair to have to keep living in fear – they had struggled and fought for so long already.
Steve’s eyes widen at Thor’s words. His voice might be unsuggestive, but the words certainly put Steve on edge.
“I…” Steve starts, not looking into Tony’s eyes. Tony’s brow furrows compassionately, and he wants to stop Steve right there, to let him not have to say what he’s going to. But he holds himself back, his hand stroking Steve’s arm instead as he waits for him to continue. “I’m afraid, I guess.”
He kissed Steve, his fingers stroking through Steve’s messy hair, and it was so soft it made Steve light-headed. He was worn and happy and Tony’s tongue felt so good against his, soothing and familiar. Tony went on to lick the mess from his chin, placing a couple of kisses here and there in the process.
Steve moans, unable to look away from Tony whose eyes study him intensely, lips parted in wordless appreciation.
Steve pulls his fingers away, replacing them with his mouth. As he kisses Tony, he tightens Tony’s tie around his fist and guides his cock to his hole. Tony growls again, trying to kiss him back carefully, and Steve’s heart thumps as he waits to get bit painfully any second.
Steve goes silent, making Tony regret his harsh tone. They haven’t really talked about Kieran much, but the loss shadows every breath they take, every emotion channeled through their bond is accompanied by their shared sorrow.
Tony was here, in his arms, and it really didn’t matter who was fucking who. Steve’s insecurity with his body, Tony’s frustration with his recovery, even the fact that Steve didn’t know whether he’d ever be able to go into a heat or have children again because of his lingering condition, felt insignificant next to the fact that they were both still here, alive and if not completely well, at least well enough to be with each other and be a family.
”I was wondering if we don’t have milk because you’re mad at my super soldier ass.” He smiled, his nose pressing against Tony’s cheek.
”I couldn’t stop him”, Tony says finally.
But it was so stupid, Steve thought, shaking his head as he rinsed his coffee mug. A week ago, while Tony had been suffering from a hangover, Steve had perhaps gotten a tad too excited in bed for Tony’s comfort. To Steve’s defense, Tony had been challenging him to do it the night before; to Tony’s defense, he’d been pissed as a newt of course when he’d done it. But it had been fine, Tony had said it had been “amazing” for the most part, that he’d just gotten a little worried about making a mess of the wrong kind when Steve had pounded into his hangover-weakened body. They’d laughed it off together, though, and they’d ordered food and Steve had carried Tony to bath, with the condition that he’d “call Tony ’daddy’ in front of the food delivery guy” if he’d drop him. Yeah, Tony had been kind of teasing him with the whole daddy thing that day.
He wishes now that he’d tried before, alone, because he’s not sure that he’ll be able to deal with the disappointment, with Tony’s pity, if they try together and he can’t do it. Can’t get slick, can’t enjoy it, can’t love Tony with his body like he’s meant to.
Steve’s eyes follow the direction of Tony’s finger, but all his mind can concentrate on is the warmth he can feel radiating from Tony. When he turns his eyes to him, he’s a little startled to see Tony watching him with a thoughtful expression on his face. Steve draws a timid breath, trying his best to smile.
”Oh god”, he says, unable to breathe.
Thor sits beside him, his fingers pressing against Steve’s throat to feel his pulse. He seems to be trying to make quick decisions in his head.
”Yeah. I’m so sorry, this is embarrassing. You’re welcome to come in and have a cup if you like. I’ll arrange a ride home – or wherever you like – for you”, he offers, then adds: ”And you’re obviously paid for the whole day anyway.”
It wasn’t porn, it was an ad for a perfume, but Tony had made the mistake of staring at it for a little too long.
Tony hums absently, not taking his eyes off from the game.
Tony doesn’t move.
Steve lifted his face up to look at Tony and found him with a tiny smile, his eyes closed.
”Give me a baby, Tony”, his voice begged, and that was it.
”Good night, Nat.”
That’s not what really worries him though – it’s the exact opposite that he’s bothered by. Life is still a thing and Tony functions in it seemingly effortlessly. He handles business, he does his part with Emmett, he’s there for Steve when he’s needed. The only thing he doesn’t really deal that well with is Steve’s sickness, but then Steve does make it practically impossible to do that. After the one time in the shower, the week Tony came back, their sex life has effectively moved to the state of non-existence. They’re intimate in other ways, perhaps more than ever, but it just doesn’t translate into sex. All of their energy is spent on just pulling through one day after the other, and there’s none left to work on such an issue. They’re comfortable just as long as neither of them tries to talk about it – which Tony has done and has also stopped doing after Steve outright told him to do so.
”First of all; I’m not that great to sleep with. I’m a very erratic sleeper and I wake up like seventy times a night and sometimes I just can’t go back to sleep because there is something I absolutely have to do right away. I’ll go to bed at 1am and then wake up at 4am and start working on the tablet or just go straight to the shop. There are no frames to my sleeping habits; that’s just how I am. It’s a mess.”
”And I love you for the way you sometimes fuck me like I’m your property.” He sucked Tony’s earlobe into his mouth, earning a small gasp from him. ”Because I am, Tony.”
”Tony?” he says surprisedly. Tony doesn’t have the IV with him.
No, that’s not right. His home is the little one sleeping against his chest. Steve’s fingers circle softly around Emmett’s tiny wrist; he can hear his heartbeat just fine, but he needs to feel it. He needs to be aware of it at all times, even on the rare occasions he’s able to fall asleep. Emmett sleeps next to him every night so that Steve can guard his sleep.
Groans demand to push out of Steve and break the kiss, but he fights to keep feeling Tony’s tongue against his own, the sensation making his nerves light up like a million fireflies, until Tony’s finger hits his prostate and he’s suddenly coming. Unable to suppress the noises anymore, Steve ends up whining loudly against Tony’s lips as Tony hits the spot again and again for him, the orgasm shattering all of the tension that’s been building up inside Steve into a powerful, euphoric stream of pleasure.
”Why are we fighting about this? It didn’t happen. Don’t we have enough on our plates already?”
”I don’t need food, I need coffee.”
Tony pulled out of him and Steve was whimpering, suddenly holding his orgasm in in desperation because he didn’t want to come like this, empty and untouched. But he didn’t have to mourn the loss for long, because Tony pushed him onto his stomach, gripping him by the waist and pulling him close. He gave Steve’s ass a loud slap, making Steve yelp, and then he was inside Steve again, pounding into him.
”Anyway, what I’m getting at here, Peter, is that if you feel like you could leave Queens to its own devices for a few days during the summer, you could come visit us”, he prompts. ”If you like.”
Tony is… well. He’s probably the one that should be doing yoga, considering how he seems unable to focus on anything else than the twins’ arrival. One night, Steve wakes up to his alpha suddenly jumping up, muttering something about childproof windows and vanishing from the room with that. He listens to Tony rattle downstairs for fifteen minutes before going after him and telling him to come back to bed. It gets a little tiring at times, but all in all it’s quite endearing.
They’d eaten. They’d talked about the party last night. They’d watched a movie and gone to bed, and Steve had assumed that everything was okay.
”I’m so lucky”, he whispers, pressing a kiss onto Tony’s cheek before hiding his face into the dip of his neck.
”No need to thank me. The blanket and the pillow on the other side haven’t really been used if those are fine with you.”
”Come here, sweetheart.”
Tony stares at them, his whole demeanour nothing but exhaustion. After a minute, he fixes his composure and leaves, vanishing into the bedroom and soon after Steve hears a noise that sounds like an adult man falling onto a bed with no regard for the bedsprings.
It was convenient that Tony hadn’t put any clothes on after the shower. He rested back comfortably, spreading his thighs pliantly as Steve’s hand grabbed one of them. He got one more kiss to his lower stomach, and then Steve’s mouth was around him, hot and wet, and yes, it was exactly the thing he needed.
”I don’t know. Closure, I guess.”
”I already drew up a contract”, Nat says, and only now Steve notices the papers she’s brought with her. He takes them and goes them over.
”Oh?” the ever-calm beta questions, her smile kind as always.
Tony’s an engineer, a man of science. Not a magician. Therefore, he does not believe in time travel. In fact, he doesn’t even see time travel as a matter of belief, because he knows that it’s impossible.
He considers talking to Bruce. But Bruce isn’t a physicist, and even if he was, he would most likely just laugh. He does talk to Reed Richards, because he simply can’t not, and Reed doesn’t laugh. He at least acts like he takes Tony seriously, but provides nothing of use, and the way he asks Tony if he’s okay at the end of the phone call makes Tony wonder if the man’s just been humouring him.
”I wish you’d let me make you feel good.” His breath vibrates against Steve’s ear. ”I miss seeing you come.”
”I knew he was coming. I told you, remember? That something was coming. But you –”
”Of course I do”, he said. ”Sex with you could never be a ’chore’ to me, Tony. Like you said when I was sick, the details don’t matter.”
”Flattery will get you nowhere. Third of all, if we somehow don’t manage to get ourselves killed in a dramatic attempt to save the world, you’ll literally be changing my diapers some day, because you
”I know, grumpy pants. I’ll be downstairs in a minute”, Tony shouts at him, turning to take a look at the time again; 7:42.
If he wouldn’t just be digesting the fact that he’s lost the only hope of ever getting Kieran back, Steve might be able to find the patience to understand Tony’s feelings better. But he is, and he doesn’t. He doesn’t need a fight with Tony on top of everything else.
Tony obliges, biting down with force, and Steve whines, his hips jerking uncontrollably. It’s beautiful in a way, but Tony can’t stand hurting Steve even in this way for long, and when he lets go, he licks the spot tenderly, his heart beating fast.
”What do you mean?”
”Give me a chance. I can handle a bit of pain.”
Steve has put all of his bets into this thing with Tony, and he wants it all, with church bells and a home on the countryside, perhaps some kids running around. Or a home in the city and civil ceremony instead of church, he doesn’t have a clear vision in his mind but he wants Tony for life. It’s a little too early for them to start talking about these things and Steve knows it, but that is what he wants and deep inside he knows that it’s not going to change for him. He really needs to know if Tony’s on some different page entirely.
He inhales deeply, then breathes out unevenly. Tony gets up, beginning to pace around silently and Steve wants to cry. But he feels like he doesn’t have the right.
”Christ, Steve”, he breathes out, and Steve can
It goes on like that until Steve’s forehead is damp with sweat, his cock swollen against Tony’s thigh. He’s counted to thirty, and that’s enough to make his ass scream with red, even if it will only stay for a while. His breath has grown short, and he’s starting to remember the part that is punishment in this. But he has stayed still, and relatively silent.
To put it simply, Tony was silently protesting. Steve had quite a good idea what it was about, but at first, he had thought that it was too silly a reason for Tony to keep it up for more than a few days. When that hadn’t turned out to be the case, he had tried to soothe things between them by being extra sweet to Tony, but it had helped only marginally. Now, Steve was beginning to feel stubborn himself, and it was obvious that what had started as Tony being mildly displeased with him was threatening to get escalated into an actual fight.
The gift shakes in Steve’s hand as he tries to hold back tears. Thank god he didn’t send the angrier version of his message to Tony earlier.
The universe wasn’t allowed.
That’s all that Steve can press into memory before he has to look at himself again, take note how a small moan pushes out of his throat. Because his spit is the only lubrication, it burns a bit, but Steve is so far beyond caring about that. Tony begins to carefully stretch him with purpose and all Steve can do is watch.
After a moment, Tony stills his hips, forcing some self-control upon himself. He wants to be closer to Steve, to feel with his whole body how his omega trembles against him when he comes, to feel Steve’s entire body’s warmth. Steve is tractable like a doll as Tony pushes him gently back against the mattress and settles down to spoon him again, sliding his arm carefully under Steve’s head.
He likes to think that it’s not a lie. They’re not that bad.
For a while it had looked like they weren’t ever going to get the chance again, and Tony had been fine with that. But Steve, as happy as he’d been to have their family back, hadn’t been fine. He’d done his best to accept it, but Tony had been able to tell that he was suffering. Although his pains had vanished completely after a few months, making them able to enjoy each other without the fear of them, for four years they’d believed that Steve’s fertility had been lost for good.
It reminded Steve of the first time they’d made love. His first time, losing his virginity. He’d been on Tony’s lap just like this, and Tony had teased him and worked him open for what had felt like hours, and Steve had been weak from lust, spilling his first orgasm of three uncontrollably onto Tony’s lap. And Tony had been perfectly in check himself, just like he was now, concentrated on Steve’s pleasure and Steve’s pleasure only.
”Here”, Tony says, pushing Kieran gently to Steve’s arms. Steve doesn’t really have the time to think of any other way to react than to just take Kieran and his bottle.
”Legs more apart”, Tony orders when he’s got the strings off of Steve, and Steve does as told without thinking, widening the gap between his knees.
Tony’s shoulders slump, his gaze falling.
, but now he will, oh he will, and Steve is so beautiful in the dim light that Tony can hardly breathe.
He knows these fucking bells. Tony shakes himself awake, his head buzzing like a beehive.
”Steve”, Tony says, squeezing his hand back. ”Promise me something.”
”Tony”, he begins.
”No”, he says. He hasn’t cooled down enough to answer anything more reassuring. Besides, even if it hadn’t been anything quite as dramatic as that, it definitely hadn’t been a good place. Steve knows that FRIDAY would have alerted Tony immediately if something happened to him or the twins, but it still makes him angry.
”You can follow me with the jet, or a suit can fly you. One of us has to stay for now.”
Tony can’t believe his ears. Did Steve think that he would forget everything just because Steve remembers his favourite fucking jam flavour?
What can Steve say to that? Of course Tony is right. The knowledge doesn’t make it any easier to accept.
”Too brave”, he said then, his emotions bubbling under the surface. ”I almost lost you.”
He reaches down to suck at Steve’s nipple briefly before resuming his position. Steve’s eyes glue to his, his brow knitting from pleasure and his teeth worrying his lower lip. Tony drinks in the sight, sweat soon beginning to form on his temple from the strain of keeping himself up. But the oxytocin and endorphin high is making him too euphoric to notice any discomfort – Steve is everything he sees and feels.
The therapist gives him some time to collect himself, before she continues. She asks how Steve feels about coming to the next session together with Tony. Steve is surprised since there’s been no talk of doing that, but he does realise that it makes sense.
Steve relaxes, huffing amusedly. He meets Tony’s eyes and finds them twinkling in a smile.
Tony turns to look at him with an expression that reveals to Steve that he knows exactly how long they have been at it already, that he is drawing it out on purpose just to make Steve more desperate.
Swallowing, Steve complies, lowering himself down, his eyes never leaving Tony’s. His first assumption that he’s getting Tony’s cock into his mouth makes him perfectly happy, but apparently, it’s not what Tony has planned. Instead, he leaves Steve and sits back on the bed.
”Promise me that every time you have those nightmares, every time you feel that fear, you’ll tell me. Promise me, and I’ll promise that whatever you do or say, wherever we end up, be it centuries or lightyears apart, I will
”I know”, Steve whispers.
”Are you saying you don’t want to change my diapers when I’m old?”
“Yeah, but I’m also a slut.”
He keeps massaging Steve’s scalp, his touches light and tender just like Steve’s, his hips moving ever so slightly along Steve’s strokes. They continue like this, the only sounds Tony’s unsteady breathing and the water dripping down from Steve’s hair, until Tony takes notice that Steve’s gotten hard too. He wants to reciprocate, but he’s hesitant to do it since the last try didn’t end up too well. Besides, what he’s thinking of would be much better done somewhere else than in the bath.
”Silly idiot”, he says softly.
”Not really, no. Just spider-stuff, I guess”, he responds, then adds hastily: ”And studying, of course.”
”That’s mine”, Steve pointed out,  not really caring at all. He slumped against Tony, burying his face into his neck.
”Just take care of Emmy.”
It’s a tad disorienting, hearing Steve cry while the scent of his arousal is all around them, but Tony guesses there’s no other way for it to be. He just wants to take Steve to bed and show him that everything’s going to be okay.
For a few seconds Tony looked like his brain had tilted. Steve was fully aware that he had never called Tony daddy like that, so unashamed and clear-headed. Not as a joke or an incoherent, lust-driven plea.
Steve understood Tony’s frustration – anyone would’ve felt that in his situation, and Tony wasn’t exactly the most patient person to begin with.
Tony freezes, fork in mid-air. They have explicitly avoided the subject of sex, and Tony has been in the understanding that they were doing that because they both knew they still had quite a bit of healing to do before that would be back on the table. But Steve’s voice is unhappy, the hint underneath his joke loud and clear.
”Yes”, Tony simply agrees, bringing his hands to Steve’s neck and removing the gag from around it, his voice turning a little cheeky when he adds: ”You’re welcome.”
”What?” Steve asked, lifting his face up.
”How did you feel about having kids?”
Tony shifted on the sofa, trying to check a wristwatch he wasn’t wearing.
”Tony”, he calls instinctively, but it doesn’t seem right. Tony’s somewhere else, something’s happened, and there isn’t time to think. He rubs his ass against the sheets, not caring how uncomfortably wet and sticky they feel against his skin. He needs something inside of him, now.
Tony’s hands halt. He knows instantly what Steve means, but he’s not sure if he should be completely honest with his answer.
”Yes?”
Steve lets out a weary huff of air, then buries his face into the dip of Tony’s neck.
”Huh.”
”Just like that?” Thor asks. Steve pictures amusement on his face, but doesn’t see any when he looks back to him.
With Tony gone, Steve wishes he’d at least have Bucky. Bucky had kept watch during his heats in the time before the serum and not once tried to take advantage. Him, Steve could’ve trusted. But Bucky’s gone too, Steve concludes with a painful sting in his chest.
”Didn’t you have a call, sweet cheeks?”
”I feel like I won in the end, though.”
During the minutes they spend on just standing there, hugging like they haven’t seen each other for months, Tony is fairly sure that Steve can hear him thinking. But even though a million things are racing through his mind, one thing is missing; the doubt, the questioning, the seemingly never-ending restlessness. Tony feels hardly relaxed, but at least now he knows why, knows what to do.
Steve find it countless times before, but his body shuddered the same it had the first time.
The sudden pulling away combined with Emmett’s interruption makes a tiny, territorial growl escape Steve. His hand flies to his mouth, the look on his eyes ashamed as Tony turns his attention back to him.
But as Steve didn’t really seem capable of cooperation, Tony took his chances and did his best to gently push Steve onto his side, carefully moving with him so that he wouldn’t slip out of him in the process.
”Apparently it’s not uncommon for the cycle to get pushed by a few weeks after pregnancy. He wanted to take blood tests, though. I’ll go next week.”
”I’m sorry I didn’t really wash your hair”, Tony says absently. Steve lifts his face.
It’s silent for a long time. Tony caresses Steve’s arm, his breath warm on Steve’s skin, and slowly, Steve begins to feel calmer. The anxious pressure in his throat eases, the tears dry on his face. He realises how good Tony smells, his scent practically sedating. As he opens his mind to the bond, there’s nothing but protective, uncomplicated love coming through. Tony’s weight feels safe on top of him, like being wrapped in a warm blanket. Steve reaches for Tony’s arm and pulls it under his head, taking his hand into his own. He presses his lips to Tony’s wrist and feels him kiss his shoulder in response.
”Never again. Never –”
”You’re my
He tries to think about something arousing, but he doesn’t know how to do that without thinking about Tony. It’s all his body has ever known. With a defeated sigh, he closes his eyes, allowing his mind to go there. To Tony kissing him, Tony’s hand sliding down his body, Tony gently tugging at his hair and sighing as he pushes his cock into him.
Steve tried to hold it, but when he heard Tony say his name he felt the tears push into his eyes.
Steve knows exactly what that’s like, air escaping his lungs as the thought of never seeing Tony again dawns on him for the umpteenth time. He’s not sure why he says what he says next, other than that he needs to say something or he’ll break down.
”But I guess I hurt you too. And I… I just can’t see a future without you. There’s no… no other way to live, really.”
There’s the click of a bottle being opened, and an excited sound already leaves Steve’s throat before he realizes that it’s not lube. It’s massage oil, he can smell it.
”I mean, you do smell… nice”, Thor tries to patch. ”Sort of sea-like. But also sweet. Flowery.”
“You’re staring, honey”, Tony remarks lightly. “Don’t lose focus.”
”I’m just – ah – in a compromised state”, Tony answered, but Steve saw that the corner of his mouth was curving upwards.
”You shouldn’t talk like that about my omega”, he tells Steve, holding his jaw gently up to see his face better. ”I’m rather protective of him.”
”I need a couple of days to myself”, he says, and with that, he’s gone.
Sighing, Tony tries to go back to sleep, but Kieran’s blue eyes keep staring at him when he closes his eyes. The memory of Steve telling him about Kieran’s death comes back to him.
”Who are you growling at, baby?” he teases, still thrusting into Steve steadily.
There was no denying that the alpha was in a kind of lethargic state, but he made an effort to participate by entangling his fingers into Steve’s hair lightly as Steve kissed his hip.
”I’ll ride you”, he promised as sensually as he knew how to, coaxing Tony back onto his back with his palm pressed against his chest.
A shiver ran down Steve’s spine, the need to have his alpha touch him there quickly overriding everything else in his mind.
”So, any plans for the summer?” he asks cosily. Peter’s eyes flick up from his pasta.
”Of course”, Bruce says, looking surprised. ”Although you might want to take a shower first, if you feel like you’re up to it. I tried to clean what I could of the blood, but…”
”The doctor warned us about that”, Nat confesses. ”Don’t worry about Emmy, Steve. I promise that we’ll make sure he’s got everything he needs while you get yourself through this.”
Why isn’t Tony here? Has he abandoned Steve? Wait, no – Tony’s… but that can’t be.
”Shh”, Steve stops him. ”I’m enjoying myself.”
Pulling a heavy breath, Steve had leaned into the sofa and Tony had put his arm loosely around him.
Tony could burst into tears at the simplicity of Steve’s request.
“Look”, he says firmly, and Steve meets his eyes in the mirror, the dark glimmer in Tony’s eyes making his insides twist in excitement. Then Tony kneels behind him, leans close to his ear. “Not me. Look at yourself, Steve.”
Relieved, Tony lays his weight down, his face almost touching Steve’s as he starts stretching him.
”What are you thinking?” he asks quietly.
Tony listens to his and Emmett’s calm breathing, trying to soothe himself with the sound. He’s exhausted, but his mind keeps racing like a wild horse, just like it had been earlier in the workshop.
”Good, that’s it, good boy, Steve”, Tony praised him, removing his fingers from Steve’s mouth and leaning back to give his attention better to Steve’s reddened cock again. Steve mewled, and he was close, so close.
The tip of Steve’s cock poked against Tony’s torso, and Steve jolted a little, needy for touch. Tony cupped his ass with both hands, massaging it in defined movements. As Steve was trying to recover from the way that made his body arch, Tony pulled him back down. Staring at Steve, he wet a finger in his mouth promisingly.
”What did you feel when you first found out that you were actually with child?”
Steve forces a deep breath into his lungs. Tony gets up and picks Kieran into his arms in an accustomed manner, pressing him against his chest and hushing at him. Kieran isn’t having it, though.
I hope you all have nice holidays, whether you're celebrating or not! <3
“Hey”, Steve says back. “Is there something you want to watch? It’s still mostly the crisis on all channels, though.”
The door swung open, banging against the small table next to it loudly.
The grief feels like a companion as it takes Steve into its stronghold once again. He tries to focus on the sounds on the TV until eventually drifting off to sleep.
Minutes pass, until finally Steve breaks the silence.
Steve had nearly died of the grief when he’d thought he’d lost Tony back in June, when Tony had been lost in space. He didn’t know how he would’ve survived it if it had been for real this time, if Tony wouldn’t have lived after his injuries.
Nat’s brought some snacks and drinks, and she places them onto the nightstand. She also has a black plastic box that she sets to the floor discreetly, next to the bed. Steve eyes it with disdain, guessing it’s toys. He doesn’t want to ask.
”I don’t want to see you angry at me anymore”, Steve confesses then, and Tony’s heart sinks. ”I know you have every right, but I just can’t take it anymore, it’s killing me, Tony –”
Steve stares into his own eyes, and he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to see.
Ignoring his act, Steve leaned down to close his arms around Tony, resting his chin on his shoulder. Tony made a frustrated noise at the distraction.
”Do you want to take a shower?”
Steve’s wiping the tears off of his face as Bucky steps into his dim room.
”Tony”, he calls quietly, and Tony opens his eyes. His expression is a little harder than before but still praying for Steve to give him what he needs. Steve grabs the tie that’s still loosely around Tony’s neck and pulls it as he slips his fingers into Tony’s mouth, brushing his fingertips against the warm tongue gently. As the taste of Steve’s arousal spreads into Tony’s mouth a low growl finally escapes his throat. Steve is breathless.
He works through the muscles in Steve’s upper back, runs his palm along his spine, presses his fingers into his neck. It’s not what Steve had hoped for at first, but soon, he finds himself relaxing, lets his eyes fall closed and just concentrates on breathing.
”I know. Why?” Steve leans his head back against Tony’s arm.
Except Tony is aware. He hadn’t realised how much more strongly the bond would affect him with Steve so near.
Steve’s fingers dig into his back helplessly.
”Mm-h”, he hummed in mock understanding, already kissing his way down. ”Who’s a princess now?”
”Dum-E, no”, Tony had said without taking his eyes off the computer screen, but when the robot hadn’t listened to him, he had given it a stern look. ”Daddy said no, Dum-E.”
It sounds so simple coming from her.
It isn’t an order, but it’s easily the hardest thing Tony has asked him to do during this session. His tone is calm, though, and after a moment of silence Steve finds the courage to be honest.
”You’re so sweet”, Steve smiles at him, pushing Tony’s hair back affectionately. ”So good.”
”It’s okay. I understand”, Steve finally says. He sounds broken and Tony hates it. He’s so angry at the universe for putting Steve through this in addition to everything else. Them both, really.
”I think so.” Steve tries to sound as sure of himself as possible, even though he’s not that sure at all. He feels ominous, somehow, but he’s still not at the point where he’d be willing to have the god of thunder and whatnot present while he fucks himself with a nine-inch dildo.
Steve stroked Tony’s hair for a while, lulling him to sleep in less than a minute. He kept at it for a moment, adoring the odd grey ones he found and just enjoying the utter sense of peace he felt watching Tony’s restful face.
Yet he had tried, he had tried to sense his baby through the bond, pulling his hair as if he could force it not to be true if he just tried hard enough. His child couldn’t be gone.
He had. Peter had been supposed to be there, enjoying his summer holiday. Swimming, playing video games, embarrassing Steve by being the faster runner. Being young.
”God”, Tony muses, sounding like he’s in awe. ”Did you see that?”
He wasn’t going to bring the bond up, just take the aspirin and leave. But then Steve notices him and begins to say something. Tony instantly blocks it out, his mental barriers rising like a reflex, and words just pour out of him.
Tony keeps pouring himself drinks until he can see the bottom of his bottle when he tilts it. That’s when he gives up the glass and starts to drink straight out of the bottle.
”Always fuck me so good”, Steve continued a little breathlessly, kissing the underside of Tony’s jaw. ”Such a good alpha.”
”Okay. Thanks for telling me”, is all that Steve decides to say. He doesn’t want Tony to feel pressured into something that clearly stresses him out.
That does resonate a little more. Tony wishes he could see Steve’s face, but he still has his back turned to him.
”It’s okay, there’s no rush. I’ve got you”, Tony tells him, feeling his own cock filling with interest at Steve’s noises. ”You’re doing just fine, aren’t you, honey?” he asks, trying to mask it a little less worried than he actually is.
“Fuck”, he mutters, and Steve doesn’t miss the subtle grin that flashes across his face. He slides his cock against Steve’s hole and Steve hums unsteadily, clenching involuntarily in response. This is the part where Tony’ll make him beg if he has decided to do so.
”My handsome, genius man”, he continued quietly. His hand kept roaming over Tony’s body possessively as he breathed into his ear.
”I’m not going anywhere”, Tony says steadily. He puts his hand back on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve shrugs him off again, but this time Tony catches his wrist tightly. It makes Steve see red, he doesn’t want to be touched – doesn’t
“No, it’s not”, Tony objects. He sighs, trying to figure out how to express his feelings to Steve. He wants to tell him how afraid he is for them, how angry he is at himself, but it’s just not coming out.
Very unlike Tony, Steve thinks. Tony doesn’t really snore except when he’s been drinking, but he stresses in his sleep, his rolling and grunting making Steve often wake up worried.
Steve doesn’t have the time to reflect on Tony’s words, because the whip lands on his bottom again and this time the hit is harder, his nerves prickling angrily from the impact. He hisses through his teeth, but manages to stay otherwise silent.
”Are you laughing at me?” he grins, tickling Kieran’s side. Kieran laughs again, and Steve attacks him with tummy raspberries.
It was a phone. Tony’s phone was ringing.
”And Emmett’s okay. Nat’s with him”, Bruce completes the information.
Steve is surprised. He hasn’t really even thought about it, but it’s true. Male omegas usually can’t grow much of a beard and a neatly shaven face has been traditionally preferred on them. Because of the serum and his higher than normal testosterone levels for an omega, Steve’s beard grows just like an alpha’s, perhaps even quicker.
Tony lifts a hand to caress the side of Steve’s face, tucking a strand of hair behind his ear, although it stubbornly falls out of place right away again.
As soon as they get to Tony’s quarters, Tony sets Emmett’s cot aside, then takes the things Steve’s carrying from him and tosses them to the floor too. Steve swallows his protest mid-way as Tony buries his face into his neck, inhaling noisily.
When he pushed his digit in past the first knuckle, Tony hummed, and Steve hummed back soothingly, massaging Tony’s lower back with his free hand. He let Tony get accustomed to the feeling before he pushed his finger slightly further, feeling for the bump of Tony’s prostate.
Steve tries to smile but his expression looks suffering. “I want to. I’ve missed you so much”, he says. “It’s ironic how painfully I longed for you, to be with you, to be able to touch you, and now that I can I don’t even know if I’ll be able to enjoy it.”
There probably isn’t a thing in the world that Tony wants more than for Steve to get that baby. Personally, Tony would prefer just the one this time, but he does want it, too. They’ve got two magnificent children already, but considering everything that had happened, Tony feels that the both of them – especially Steve, though – deserve to have another go. One without depression, without loss, without fear.
Steve trembles, remembering how he’d realised that he was dying and been content with it.
He rests his forehead against Steve’s shoulder and keeps stroking. Steve pets his hair, little gasps leaving his mouth. Tony loves it, Steve’s hard cock twitching against his, his slippery chest warm against his. He bites Steve’s collarbone, sucking it lightly and making Steve groan. As Tony turns his eyes back up to him, Steve answers his gaze openly, his mouth hanging slightly open.
”I’m – fuck, I’m – I’m yours, Steve – I’m gonna –”
He tries to study the outfit with a practical eye. At least everything looks like it fits. Feels too, he guesses, if he ignores the inherent strangeness of it. But nothing’s bursting out where it shouldn’t be or looking like it’s about to rip apart. He turns to check the backside, and that’s when he first gets an idea of how this look could be considered flattering on him. The skirt is just long enough to cover his ass, teasing what’s hidden underneath quite nicely, if he says so himself. The way the corset laces travel over his back doesn’t look too bad either.
“How is she?” Tony asks him. He knows Steve’s been with Nat, because Steve would never allow his friend to be alone at a time like this.
”Shut up”, Tony laughs warmly. The tenseness has melted away from his features. Steve leans his forehead against Tony’s temple and reaches down to take his own cock lazily into hand as he waits for Tony’s pleasure to back down from the edge, sighing a little at the sensation. Tony’s lips brush against his jaw.
It’s not that the act of wearing lingerie and the rest of it is appalling to him in itself, or he probably never would’ve uttered out those words that led him here. Honestly, it’s hotter than Steve thinks it has any right to be, even more so because of the effect – he hopes – it will have on Tony. He’s just not that into actually seeing himself like this.
The saint is obviously pleased when Steve lifts his head and makes it easy for him to tighten the strap around his neck. He tries the fit with his finger, his eyes landing on Steve’s.
”I love you”, Steve breathed against Tony’s skin, his thrusts still calm.
“You don’t know? Have you looked in the mirror?”
”Steve, please.” Tony tried to sound annoyed, yeah right, annoyed like a starving person at the promise of a meal.
At first Steve’s only relieved to be rid of the nightmarish heat, to be alive and to be able to be with Emmett again. But then he realises that he might not only ever go into heat or have children again, he might not be able to enjoy sex all together anymore. He supposes he should try, alone, to see whether he can even get slick, or if his male organs still at least work. But the mere thought repulses him, so he doesn’t. He guesses that if Tony isn’t alive anymore, it doesn’t even matter.
”I love you”, he assures Steve, who can’t seem to produce an answer. Tony kisses off the tears under his eyes.
”I don’t think I’ll ever feel better” Tony says cynically. Steve can’t much argue with that.
”I don’t want you to be sorry. I want you to do your best to behave, so that I don’t have to punish you. You don’t want to make things hard for me, do you?”
”No”, Steve insisted, although it was exactly one of those hugs. He kissed Tony’s shoulder and squeezed him a little tighter for a while, then let go.
“Tell me, Steve”, he says. ”Do you like this?”
”It’s good to see you”, Pepper says after a moment of silence. Tony turns his eyes from the window to her.
“Careful what you wish for with you today, huh?”
Tony doesn’t know how to explain it. But Thanos had brought the already destroyed mind stone back by rewinding time, and that wasn’t magic. Even if he’d had all the other stones to do that, it still wasn’t magic. It was physics. Everything is physics, and Tony knows physics.
When there’s no answer, Steve turns to look at Tony and realises that there are tears in his eyes. Are they for him? He takes Tony’s hand silently, sorry that he has made him feel that bad.
Steve nearly cried out of frustration, but Tony didn’t seem to care – he leaned down and placed soothing kisses onto his chest, practically bending Steve in half in the process. Despite his impatience, Steve couldn’t stop himself from pushing a hand into Tony’s hair, his fingers running through it shakily and ending up trailing the line of his beard. Tony leaned into the touch for a moment, closing his eyes. Then he took Steve’s hand and kissed his palm, before making his way to the pulse point in his wrist, sucking at it gently. Steve clenched around him and Tony gave him a tender hum of appreciation.
”Take care of you, hmh?” he said, slipping his finger back into Steve’s mouth, molding his lower lip out of shape. Steve nodded, sucking at the finger, not letting go of Tony’s eyes for a second.
Tony’s also right. Steve hasn’t trusted him. He hasn’t talked about his lingering fears, of the nightmares he sees where Tony leaves him, of the slight panic he still gets every time Tony takes a little bit longer to answer the phone. Somewhere deep inside, he’s been living in a constant fear that he could lose everything in a heartbeat, and he hasn’t said anything.
His hands are seized by Tony.
He forces himself to continue. ”I told myself that I wanted it, that that was all that played into it. It’s hardly difficult during heat. But I don’t know. I was so desperate to keep you that maybe I also just… maybe I just didn’t want to lose you.”
Tony’s hand grips Steve’s shoulder a little tighter, and Steve wants to pull away. He feels like a cheater, even though nothing incriminating had happened in the end.
Steve had elbowed his side gently and pressed a kiss to his cheek. ”Need to keep you on your toes and so forth.”
Steve’s thoughts are stopped by Tony’s fingers lightly stroking his lower lip, and for once, Steve’s reflex isn’t to look at Tony. Instead, he looks into the mirror, watches how his mouth parts to suck Tony’s fingers inside in an openly filthy manner. It makes him feel weird, but at the same time, it’s mesmerizing. He wants to look, he realizes, a giddy feeling settling onto his stomach, and he doesn’t understand what Tony has unlocked in him, but suddenly he can’t tear his eyes away.
Steve still worries constantly, but one look at Tony is usually enough to calm him. He knows the alpha worries too, but stays strong and stable for them, and that gives Steve the strength to push his own fears away. He also knows that Tony will be an amazing parent and knows that he himself will strive to be the best he can to match that. Neither of them really had a happy childhood, and this is their chance for a happy family.
In under than five seconds, Thor has stormed into the room.
Steve can’t get more than a tight hum out of his throat. He’s furious.
The tears have dried down on Steve’s cheeks, his eyes staring at nothing, unfocused. The last two weeks have been the hardest of his entire life, so how is it even possible for things to turn so much worse? He wishes he could at least talk to his therapist, but she doesn’t exist anymore either.
Steve lies back down, but he doesn’t turn his back to Tony this time. Tony searches for his eyes in the dark, gripping Steve’s hand, and like taking it for permission Steve shifts closer. Relieved, Tony wraps his arms around Steve and lets him huddle tightly against him. He pulls the covers over them, wrapping his leg around Steve too so that they are completely entangled. Even the most horrible things are always slightly less so when they can hide from the world together.
It’s now been two weeks since that day. All they’ve managed to find is panic, chaos and misery wherever they look. No Thanos.
He draws a weak breath, blinking his eyes open.
growled kind of endearing.
”That’s, like, so cool. Wow”, Peter says, still stunned. ”Are you sure? Like, you’re not just, I don’t know, joking or something?”
And no Tony.
nearly died!”
”A little”, he confesses, voice suffocated.
Steve clicks the garters in place and stands up, taking a look at himself in the mirror. The sight is jarring, and Steve has to run his hand across his face and sigh before trying again.
”I’m not just an Asgardian. I’m a god and amongst my more formidable titles, a god of fertility at that too”, Thor explains neutrally. ”Basically, I can be what I want. Or what you want, actually.”
It is. Steve’s heart beats erratically as he opens the message, but it ends up being quite underwhelming. It just says: “Sorry. Good night.”
Steve sits up on the bed, staring after him worriedly, and then the unmistakable sound of vomiting reaches him from the bathroom. As realization slowly dawns on him, he huffs, uncertain of what his reaction should be. But when Tony doesn’t emerge from the bathroom after a few minutes, Steve gathers his courage and goes to knock on the door gently.
”We made each other insane”, she says fondly. ”I think you know what that’s like.”
”I’m so sorry for everything”, Steve continues, shivering for some reason. He just needs Tony right now, needs Tony to keep the darkness at bay. ”I love you so much.”
Steve looks at himself, and sure enough, he can see the strain on his features. His muscles are tense, all over his body, and he can’t relax them quick enough before the whip lands on his skin again.
”Stop it”, Tony whispers, the moment too delicate to talk louder.
Content, Steve rested his head back down. ”Okay.” He felt Tony move as he took a look at his watch.
”Please, baby”, Tony says, his tone gentler now. ”I need you. And there’s two little guys that need you too.”
”You wanted a blowjob”, Steve told him innocently, lapping Tony’s cock filthily around his mouth, sucking harshly enough to make noise.
Tony takes his time. His fingers are admiring the laces of the corset again, and he begins to untie it leisurely from the bottom, pulling the strings open so delicately Steve can hardly feel his fingers working there. It only makes it more delicious whenever Tony’s digits brush against his skin, his body humming at the touch. Slowly, he can feel the corset start to ease its pressure around him, his breathing freeing, and he’s grateful for it, if not a little surprised that Tony would see it gone so quickly.
”No, you couldn’t”, Tony had chuckled. ”You’re Captain America, the traditional, masculine idol of the nation. Though, many wouldn’t believe what a –” He’d stopped, turning to stare at Steve over his shoulder as realisation slowly hit him. ”Wait – you’re serious?”
Tony’s voice cracks. He shakes, swallows the tears down. Then he lifts his face up to look at Steve, whose eyes reach to him like he’s drowning. Tony takes his hand, intertwining their fingers and locking them tightly together. He kisses Steve. The bond is pulsing pure bliss.
”Thor.”
It’s a short, stolen moment, but afterwards Steve remembers every little detail of it. How Tony’s other hand had clipped open his chinstrap and cupped his cheek, how Tony’s metal fingers had wrapped around his neck and pulled him so close that their noses had bumped together, how it had tasted of dirt and blood.
If Tony feels any discomfort hearing this, he doesn’t show it. Steve’s glad.
Steve blushes at being caught with probably very obvious lust on his face, and Tony presses his fingers around his throat a little tighter, his thumb stroking the skin.
”It’s Halloween today, honey.”
”Calm down. We’re just making sure he’s safe.”
The finger pushed into him. Tony sighed gratefully, hopefully, as he felt the digit first just feel him carefully, but then Steve slid it further, quickly finding his prostate with the experience of someone who had found it countless times before. Tony had
Tony wishes he could promise Steve that he won’t, that Steve could promise him the same, but none of them have luxuries like that right now. No one knows what will happen when they use the gauntlet.
He reaches to the nightstand, and Steve can’t say that he’s surprised to see a ball gag produced from the drawer.
“Take your time.”
”So fucking tight. Christ”, Tony curses, and if Steve wouldn’t know better he might wonder if it’s a compliment or not. The serum has its perks and this particular one apparently falls into the sub-category of Tony Stark’s personal favorites.
His heart is racing. That fear hasn’t gone anywhere.
”Can’t even remember what the fuck this was about”, he mutters, tossing the sketches he’s picked up back on the table.
Tony turns to look at him.
The silence prevails, but after a minute it’s disturbed by the sheets rustling as Steve reaches back with his hand, offering it. Tony grips it gratefully. Steve’s hand is soft and smooth in his slightly calloused one, and Tony needs more. But beggars can’t be choosers, so Tony just turns to his side to be able to hold Steve’s hand with both of his.
They waited patiently while Peter seemed to process what he had to say. Steve did feel badly about ambushing his son about school matters this way, but Tony had been right – this wasn’t at all like Peter, and they were worried.
“Nah, I’m gonna be cool forever in her eyes.” Peter dodged a pillow being thrown at his head. “I’ll go see if Michelle is actually sleeping or making lists of lists instead. Call us if you need us.”
Steve hummed agreeably. He let his hand and fingers rub down Tony’s thigh and back up, going to his waist this time. A content moan rumbled in Tony’s throat – he loved Steve’s hands on him in any way, shape or form, especially before sleep. His eyes closed, and he focused on the steady, repeated motion of Steve’s hand on his body.
“I’m just sayin’. Night’s still young.”
“Nope,” Bucky answered with a broad smile, popping the p joyfully. “The only problem is, the company Steve was renting the projector from had to cancel, so now I’m supposed to figure out how to do the movie part and there’s no projectors I can rent on such short notice, so I’m worried that’ll end up fucked up.”
The drive was short since the park wasn’t too far away and when Steve and Tony arrived, the movie was already playing. Jaws was being projected from a hidden projector in the trees down to the cloth that was hanging. A blanket was laid out for them as they made their way to sit, and they found a note waiting for them along with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot chilling and two champagne glasses.
Rhodey sighed an exasperated sigh, knowing that Tony thought he should know EVERYTHING that was going on in his life. “Ah, your anniversary. Why is this one so important again?”
“I’m sure the Avengers you met had very powerful words of wisdom on avoiding bad people,” Tony chimed in with as much of a straight face as he could. “Do you remember who it was that went?”
“Have you met Rhodey and Bucky? Of course they’d let us stew miserably for a few days for their own enjoyment. I bet you anything they talked about it while we were gone and they were in on it together. That’s probably why Bucky tried to convince me so hard that changing my plans for the movie was fine. He knew Rhodey was on it.”
“Wait, what?” There was no way Bucky had heard him right.
“Wanna switch?”
Steve scooped him up, peppering his face with kisses before walking back to their car. Steve had gotten used to the soft ooh-ing and aah-ing from the other parents at pre-school pickup – 98% of whom were women – and the scowling glare from Norman Osborne (on the days when he showed up) as he sat in his Bentley, waiting for his driver to close the door behind his son after he made his way into the car.
“Well, that proves our point, I guess. Ana used to make that chicken for us, and your grandma made that sauce.”
“It’s not your fault,” Tony said, repeating it for the millionth time. And he meant it. It wasn’t anyone’s fault – no, not even Howard and
He was quite familiar with this talk, much to his parents' chagrin, but it was a necessity given who Tony was, and who their family was. And Tony had no doubt that a few other kids in that class – a private school for the time being – had heard a version of this speech too.
Rhodey looked over at Tony, who was reaching for the TV remote at the end of the coffee table.
Bucky nodded. “I’m surprised the restaurant hasn’t caught on they both have a reservation though.”
Steve woke up when his alarm went off at 5:30 a.m. and looked down at Tony’s sleeping face. He stared at him in awe as he wondered how he could be so beautiful every time he saw him.
Peter frowned at them fondly before making his way to the kitchen of the lake house Steve and Tony called home. “You two are so weird sometimes.”
“Where the hell are you, man?” Bucky huffed, frustration evident in his tone and on his face. He hated when Steve went easy on him.
~*~*~
Steve gave Tony a pinched smile over Peter’s head. “Neither of us blames you, kiddo. And I’m sure your teacher would have understood if you’d explained it to her. We just wish you would have told us, instead of us wondering why your teacher called.”
“You can’t- it won’t make sense to you,” Peter bit back, his frustration oozing into his words.
“Can’t we make a nice dinner on a Friday night without an ulterior motive?” Steve teased.
“True, but I like the PR line for that one better. Love at first sight, soulmates, all that jazz.” Tony waited for Steve to grab the shield from the special hidden compartment in their walk-in closet and followed him back to the living room and the elevator. “Seriously, do supervillains not need sleep? Is that a thing? Maybe I need to turn evil so I never need to sleep again and can do all the things on my to-do list.”
He had planned his reservation for 6:30, not a completely busy time but not too slow either. If it was just the two of them, it wouldn’t recreate the first date perfectly. So around 5:45 Steve looked at Tony and said, “come on. We have to get ready for part one of the date.”
His beautiful, sweet, loving,
“Yeah, I needed somewhere quiet to make a work call, and I wasn’t sure when Steve was coming back, so I figured this was the safest bet.”
“Darling... I’m back.” Steve walked over to Tony’s sleeping form, setting the box of donuts on the side table and walking away to get a vase for the flowers. Tony opened his eyes slowly and saw the pink box set beside him.
Tony had placed his hand on his waist, squeezing ever so gently to move him out of the way of the refrigerator door. The gentle, almost affectionate, touch had sent his mind absolutely haywire. But he thought he did an okay job at acting like it was nothing while Tony’d reached into one of the drawers inside the appliance and pulled a tube of pre-made dough.
Tony stopped to think a beat before shaking his head a fraction. “They’re all great names, I don’t think I do.”
“Your favourite Avenger?” Tony asked, perking up.
And that was the problem wasn’t it? Steve had planned this months ago now, making sure he could get reservations and the exact table they’d had and working with various people to ensure everything was absolutely perfect and exactly the same. And now, it was in a week, and he worried Tony would hate it. Bucky was right, Tony had never hated any of the dates he’d planned for them. It had quickly become apparent that Tony was not one to plan big, elaborate outings for anniversaries or birthdays - which had been absolutely fine with Steve. Tony, for all his futuristic thoughts, tended to remember a few days before and always found a way to make things special in his own way, but Steve was the planner of the couple in this instance.
Steve just shrugged, looking as confused as Tony. He grabbed the bottle to open it, laughing when Tony let out a small shriek when it popped in his hand. He poured them each a glass, toasting to a wonderful night, before they took a sip. Then he paused.
“We'll talk about it tonight,” Tony kissed him quickly as he plunged for the phone on the coffee table while Steve went to get started on the meatloaf he'd planned for dinner. With a side of KD for Peter.
“I have no clue, but if it is, he's about to find out just how kick ass my trophy husband is.”
Steve shrugged and let his head fall against the wall behind him. “I booked everything we did on our first date five years ago.”
“Is this person flying?” Tony asked.
“Well, I mean-“
“We are,” Steve answered as he stood, hoping she hadn’t caught most of their conversation.
thing! He’s recreating their first date too. Everything. All of it.”
“Sounds like a dumbass I know well,” Bucky added with the same fondness.
Steve and Tony Stark-Rogers were the definition of Hashtag Couple Goals. Both absolutely stunning humans and genuinely kind and caring, they graced the covers of magazines as much for their Gala appearances as for their charity work.
“Anything I can help with? I know I’m not Tony levels of smart, but I went to MIT too.”
smile. The one that seemed reserved for him and him alone (not that it made any sense whatsoever, but a guy could dream).
“Steve,” Bucky whispered before gathering him in his arms for a hug. “I’m sorry. When you said there was an accident, I got really worried and kinda tuned out. I’m so sorry.”
The days passed by and the day of their anniversary arrived. On any sort of special occasion, Steve and Tony made sure to spend the whole day together, whether it be snuggled up in bed, going on a walk through the city, or being in the office or lab with the other if they had to work.
“Rhodey, what does it look like I’m doing?”
“You two are quirky, figured you’d picked another day so you’d have extra reasons to have sex or something.”
Tony gives him that same light squeeze he’d done before, this time a signal that he needs to come up for air. To Steve’s relief, he doesn’t go far. It’s barely far enough to be consider it a breather. His words brushing against Steve’s lips.
Steve didn’t even need to move anymore. Tony slotted himself easily next to him, the chair holding so much empty space. Too much space now.
“Sulking like the giant man-child he is ‘cause Steve’s not home?” Rhodey finished for him with a smirk that made Bucky chuckle. “Normally you’d be right, but he left bright and early this morning. Had to fly out to Malibu, something with the reactor at the plant in Cali that only he could fix or the whole Western seaboard would be in jeopardy.”
Bucky smiled at the line, one he’d heard him and Tony bicker about far too often. “Nah, nothing important. Not the arm or anything, just had to ask him something.”
“Happy anniversary, my love,” Steve walked back into the room as Tony fully sat up in bed, taking in his surroundings. Steve walked in with the most beautiful vase of flowers that Tony had ever seen and set it on the coffee table.
“Part one? Steven Grant, what did you plan?” Tony squinted at him with no real malice in his eyes. All Steve did was shrug and proceed to get out of bed and get ready.
Steve sighed. “It’s stupid, and I don’t know why it’s taking over everything.”
“Wait, you said you met
Steve grumbled playfully as he rolled off Tony and made his way to close their bedroom door, stripping out of his remaining clothes on the way back. Tony did the same on the bed, wriggling out of his briefs and sitting up to pull his shirt off, Steve helping to pull it off and throw it with his own discarded clothes on the ground. Arms wrapped around the other and legs tangling, Steve lowered them both to their previous horizontal position, their lips finding each other easily once more.
They watched the movie play without any issue from the projector then Steve looked down at Tony, who had moved to lay his head on Steve’s lap.
“I know this isn’t the same thing at all, and I can’t speak for Pops, but I know how it sucked to be different in school,” Tony chimed in. “Being the really smart kid, and the really young one at MIT, and the last name. It was hard sometimes. A lot of the time.”
“You can’t tell him what I have planned,” Steve added quickly.
“The guy’s a billionaire. Heck, you both are since you’re married to him. Why’d you put money on it?”
“Oh, just uh, going to watch some TV with Rhodey Bear,” Tony replied with a nervous laugh.
“Why is no one coming,” Bucky growled. “Tony, you can’t die, I mean it. I love you. And I love Steve too. And I can’t have you die without knowing that. I’ve been too much of a coward to tell you, and-“
It was the first time Tony admitted it out loud. That he would need to let Steve go, sooner rather than later too. He’d thought it every single day for the past year. Since the moment they realized Steve Rogers having a cold was more than just a weird happenstance. That all the ailments, and the weight loss, and the super-strength leaving Steve were the serum just calling it quits on him. And that nothing was bringing it back. They couldn’t blame magic or bad guys. It was just a thing that none of them could explain.
“Maybe you’re not the only one that had a bit of a crush going on. We’d talked about it before – me and Tony. After you came back, I told him I’d always liked you maybe a bit more than as just friends. He admitted he was starting to fall for you too. We wanted to ask you out on a date.”
“I told you. On the phone?” Bucky shook his head and Steve groaned. “We were fighting this new villain – I think Thor called her Enchantress? Anyways, she did
”Why? Do I look like I’ve been to a party?”
to tell him.”
Life is perfect while he’s carrying. At first, it’s hard to stay out of world-saving business, but as he gets used to staying at home, Steve finds himself enjoying the life. He spends his days drawing, sleeping, and catching up on culture from the decades he’s missed.
”How much? I need to know, baby.”
“Three.”
The first and most obvious reason for Steve’s depression, according to the therapist, is his testosterone levels. The pregnancy had suppressed them to regular levels, since higher levels could have been dangerous for the foetuses. Steve hasn’t been made only into a perfect soldier but a perfect human – in his sex it meant that a strictly biologically perfect specimen gave birth perfectly and that’s what Steve had done. After the pregnancy, his body had started to recover quickly, his testosterone levels rising rapidly to build his former physique back. The change had affected Steve’s mood dramatically, way too sudden for his emotional stability to keep up.
Tony comes out of the suit. Steve doesn’t bother to pull his wrist away anymore, but it’s let go anyway. He’d wanted that, and now that doesn’t feel good either. Yet when Tony drops to his knees in front of him, reaching to frame his face with both hands, Steve’s instinct is to fight against it again. But he stops himself this time, giving in.
So he held it, grunting against Tony’s temple from the effort as he continued to thrust into him until the alpha started to come down.
”I – I lost the kid.”
He’s exhausted. The lightness of letting go of all of the weight he’s been carrying is making Tony’s eyelids heavy. He’s not young anymore, but he knows that right now his body would go another round as soon as the knot comes down. But emotionally he’s spent, drained dry. He just wants to fall asleep with his cock buried in the warmth of Steve, their arms around each other. Breathe Steve’s scent into his lungs until sleep takes over.
”I’m sorry, Tony”, Pepper says compassionately. ”It must be hard.”
”Tony, I –”
Tony took a moment to drink in the sight. Steve’s pale skin was all flushed, and his thick brows were loosely knitted where a hint of sweat had formed. Tony felt Steve’s forehead briefly as he petted back the light brown hair that was getting long again. The skin felt warm to touch but not alarmingly so – the omega was fine, just a little feverish from his heat.
Oh. Tony has no recollection of that. Then again, when he gets up, hits his foot into an empty bottle and turns to look, cursing under his breath, there
As Steve settles into the position, he feels a little weirded out by his own image in the mirror, even without the corset. He still has the skirt and the stockings, and his chest is glistening slightly from the massage oil earlier. He turns his eyes towards the floor, but Tony steps behind him and takes a hold of his jaw, pulling his face back up.
”Okay”, Tony echoes him. ”Will you be okay if I go warm some up with this one?”
Steve’s body keeps jerking for a long time until, finally, the feeling of Tony petting his hair starts to take priority. Reality begins to emerge from under his post-coital haze, and he turns his face to eye the painful-looking claims on Tony’s skin. He’s not sure what he feels, doesn’t know what he
Tony doesn’t sleep with him. He doesn’t spend the nights, and Steve has no idea why. Sure, Tony always has some explanation, like an early meeting or a flight; anything ranging from a night time call to Europe to having to work late on something with a deadline. At first, Steve ignores it the best he can, hoping that they really just have bad luck and that nothing else is going on, but when it comes apparent that there’s always an excuse, he grows worried. No matter what it is, he wishes Tony would just talk to him.
Tony appears not many seconds later. Steve keeps his eyes intently on the window.
Even though he tried, Steve honestly can’t say he did because his eyes fell shut from the pain.
”Just are.”
He walks up to Steve, beginning to circle him slowly like a shark.
”Yeah”, Steve echoes his bitter tone. ”Yeah.”
He takes a look at Tony to see if there’s any discomfort on his face, but finds the exact opposite, his cock twitching at the sight. Tony’s eyes are dark from lust, his lips parted in a very kissable way. So Steve kisses him, greedily, tugging at his hair, and Tony complies to every one of his movements. He whines as Steve then bites him again, to the other side of his neck this time.
Steve is so focused on it that he doesn’t even hear the missiles coming towards the building, although he should’ve. Not that it would’ve changed anything.
With a protestive grunt, he turns his back to the clock again, nuzzling against Steve’s warm, naked body under the sheets comfortably. Even after seven years with kids, Tony’s still not a morning person.
And Steve, he just falls like his body has betrayed him. Tony takes a stiff step to catch him, but he’s not nearly fast enough and then there’s a weeping mess on his feet that is his omega. The bond is screeching at him again, and Tony grimaces.
When Tony turns to him, for a second he looks like Steve’s trusting him with his heart, beating raw and vulnerable in his hands, and in a way he is. Some omegas get very protective right after giving birth, and may growl even at their alphas when they try to get close to the newborn. Steve can feel the smallest hint of that, enough that he recognises the feeling, but at the same time he knows that Tony loves the babies just as much as him and that Tony’s hands are the safest his children could ever be in besides his own. He doesn’t only know it; he feels it through the bond, feels how much Tony loves them already.
Steve sighs. ”It’s okay. Just listen.” The words come out of him impatiently; he doesn’t feel like he deserves Tony’s sympathy.
”When I was delirious, for a while I thought you’d abandoned me and I was angry at you”, he continues, bitterness hovering over his smile. ”That was better than when I remembered the real reason you weren’t there. I… I know you don’t believe in God, but I begged Him out loud to give you back to me.”
Steve knows how to touch him, and it
”What did you do?”
There’s Clint, but even if the archer would be reachable quickly enough, which he isn’t, he’s way too much of a mess right now for the task.
Steve can see where this is going. He isn’t sure how he feels about it, but he obeys nevertheless, walking to Tony with slightly wobbly legs.
”Should we play a little?”
During the flight back home, Steve had started to talk to himself like a maniac about needing to find Thanos and the gauntlet. Nat had sat next to him and rubbed his back comfortingly.
Used to the banter, Steve just pressed his lips to Tony’s. His fingers found their way into Tony’s hair, and Tony gladly allowed Steve’s tongue to invade his mouth. It quickly turned into a game of little back- and forth bites and licks, and Tony thought he was winning for a while, but then Steve’s hand curled tighter into his hair and Tony sighed, his jaw going slack. Steve nibbled his lower lip for a final argument, then pulled back.
Steve’s shoulders tremble, and Tony doesn’t have to hear him let out a sob to know that he’s crying, but he does.
When Emmett quiets down, Steve heads to the bedroom with him to find Tony slumped on the bed on his stomach.
He’s a liar. He’s just spent so much energy trying to comfort Steve, yet he can’t comfort himself. He just can’t take solace in mere pretty words, even if they’re true – he needs solutions, a plan, a blueprint to work with. He’s a fixer, but he can’t fix this, can he?
perfect.”
”I realise that. You don’t necessarily have to have sex with the person – if you can manage that – but you’ll need an alpha’s presence. Their scent will ease your state.”
”Do you have any idea how hard it is to punish you when you look like this? When you look at me with tears in those eyes?”
Both of them adore Tony, always eager to spend time with him and follow him around. And the suit,
”I know”, he says, slightly embarrassed. ”I’m sorry. It’s been a long day.”
”It’s not going to be easy, Steve. I’m still angry. You…” he pauses, pushing the anger aside when it threatens to rise its ugly head. It won’t help him. ”… You really hurt me.”
After lubing himself up, Tony lifts the hem of the skirt up and Steve nearly chokes at how fucking hot it looks, Tony’s cock hard and ready right at his entrance, the fabric of the skirt gathered up from the way. It seems he’s not the only one enjoying the sight, because Tony’s hand grabs his hip, his fingers pressing hard into the skin.
”Yeah…” Tony rubs his gloved hands together like he’s chilly, but it’s actually nerves. No easy way, he reminds himself; he’s just going to have to get it out there. ”So here’s the thing; I figured it out.”
He sighs through his nose, trying to make it quiet to not bother Steve and Emmett. Well, mostly Steve. The omega has an uncanny habit of reacting to even the slightest metaphorical pea under Tony’s mattress by waking up to check on him. When Tony’s stressed, the limbo of them both continuously waking up makes their nights often abrupt and unrestful. During Ultron, Tony even tried sleeping on the sofa to not wake Steve up all the time, but it was even worse. Steve still woke up, the only difference being that he’d lie awake debating whether to come check on Tony or not, unable to fall asleep again. So, it’s better like this. Besides, Tony hates sleeping without Steve, and Steve seems to hate sleeping without him even more if possible.
”Thor’ll stay with you”, Nat tells him, but Steve doesn’t even look at her. He stares at Thor, who just shrugs and gives him a nonchalant thumbs up.
”That’s very good.”
”I love you more”, Tony answers, his voice hushed. He pets both Kieran and Emmett’s head briefly before stepping backwards.
”I never said I wasn’t.”
When Steve returned to the bedroom after finishing with his teeth, Tony was tossing the throw pillows from the bed to an armchair with his healthy hand in nothing but his underwear. He had lost some weight during bed rest and he looked frail, his throws a little uncoordinated.
It’s a nice memory. So is their next date, which escalates into a rather steamy making out session on the couch. On their third date they have the
His children.
”No, I don’t, sir.”
A couple of phone calls eventually lead Tony into a storage facility where a brown van stands abandoned. After studying the machine inside he quickly traces its controls to the front, and then it happens.
It ends up being a big mistake, and even though Steve is able to tell that quite early on, for some reason he lets it happen. He begins to feel disconnected from the twins, eventually not wanting to even get up to feed them. A stranger is coming to his territory and taking care of his babies, and even though Tony is endlessly kind and caring towards him, Steve feels tossed to the side. He starts to convince himself that after giving birth, his children haven’t really been his anymore and will never be. What’s the point of getting up if they don’t need him? Often, he catches himself hoping that he was still pregnant, the lives growing inside of him undeniably his, and Tony’s, who is crazy about him and those two little lives that get their heartbeat from Steve.
