Sherlock took the camp bed and John the sofa. The only light left to see by was a single stream of moonlight.
Dean was the first to tire and drag himself to bed, but he was also the last to wake the following morning, and only when Sam shook him awake.
‘I think we’ll go now,’ said Mr Weasley, checking his watch. ‘We’re a bit early, but we’ll be better off at the Ministry than hanging around here.’
Jets of light shot from both wands, hit each other in mid-air and ricocheted off at angles - harry;s hit Goyle, and Malfoy’s hit Hermione.
John’s sleep didn’t go undisturbed for long, and it was all Sherlock could do to keep him from disappearing into his nightmares. His body twitched, and his face twisted in fear, his eyes flickering under the lids.
Then, in one swift movement. Hagrid seized the front of Karkaroff’s furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed him into a nearby tree.
It took a moment for Dean to react, surprised by Cas’s touch, but he hugged Cas back, feeling how skinny Cas was under his fingers.
Hagrid pointed at the cow carcass. The whole class stared at it for a moment, then several people gasped. It must have been an odd sight: bits of flesh stripping themselves away from the bones and vanishing into thin air.
While Charlie, Sam and Dean talked about the upcoming match, John watched Cas get up and throw away the sandwich he’d had one bite of.
Dean read agonisingly slowly, taking frequent breaks, until he noticed that Hermione once again had her hand in the air.
Hagrid then pressed a note into Harry's hand and turned around. 'Do yeh need help up to the castle?' he asked loudly.
‘Let’s see… I think I started noticing something was off just before Christmas last year. I think I talked to Dean about it a bit. People started telling me I was a Seer just after Christmas, but I didn’t really believe it until that second time Sirius Black broke into Gryffindor Tower. I had a nosebleed just before and passed out in the common room.’
‘Er… Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, here to escort Harry Potter and John Watson, who have both been asked to attend a disciplinary hearing…’
Dean crawled out of the fort, and though he had been placated for now, John knew it wouldn’t last long.
Even after months together, Sherlock was still hesitant with John, as though worried that even the gentlest touch would push him away.
‘Yeah,’ said Ron, ‘McGonagall might let us have hers, she did when Harry was practising for the Triwizard.’
‘I thought you might like that one,’ Dean grinned. ‘What class do you have next? I’ll walk you.’ He moved slightly too close to Cas and a shock jolted up his side. ‘Ouch!’ he yelped, jumping away.
Sherlock was there in an instant, throwing a coat on over his pyjamas and handing John his. ‘Let’s go,’ he said.
Dean laughed. ‘It’s not just a jar. Do you remember how you broke up those logs when you got stuck in the common room, and how it made you feel a little better?’
A few people stifled cries and Hermione leapt to her feet. Others were still looking at the spider on the desk that was unmistakeably dead.
‘I think I know where you’re going with this,’ said John. ‘Maybe you should send an owl to Fleur Delacour. Wasn’t she friends with Cas?’
‘Mr Bagman and Mr Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament,’ Dumbledore continued, ‘and they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime on the panel which will judge the champions’ efforts.’
‘I know we’ve never said that out loud before, but - but you deserve to hear it. I wouldn’t have you any different.’
‘Rita’s just doing a little interview. They won’t be long,’ Bagman said brightly. ‘In the meantime, why don’t we take our seats?’
But Memory Charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as I proved when I questioned her. It would be an insult to her
It took a moment for John to focus. Dean’s feelings for Cas were a lot stronger than they had been last time John had tried to look at Cas through him, and he was almost bowled over by it. He shuffled into a more comfortable position and drew in a steadying breath, allowing himself to be pushed on by Dean’s energy, rather than pressed down by it. As soon as he had a good hold on it, he opened his eyes and stared into the crystal ball.
‘Whatever you say, Sam,’ Dean said, the tightness in his chest easing enough for him to smile at his little brother. ‘’Night.’
‘Certainly,’ said Nick, surprised at her reaction. ‘The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred.’
Dean was first to the classroom, and was setting up the cushions he’d borrowed from Professor Flitwick. Cas and Sherlock arrived shortly after, and the Gryffindors after them.
Cas shook his head. ‘It was my fault,’ he insisted. ‘We were in the kitchen and I was helping her with the potion she was making. I was supposed to put in chia seeds, but I - I put in black poppy seeds and - and w-when she put in wraith essence…’
‘My steeds require forceful ‘andling,’ said Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job. ‘Zey are very strong…’
‘It appears they have already infiltrated the Ministry,’ Mycroft said. ‘A lot quicker than I was expecting.’
he said, pointing his wand over his shoulder and locking Umbridge in her classroom, buying him time to disappear down the hidden passageway.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to bluejaythebeautiful, rainingcatz, Because_We_Match and hhhelcat for the comments! Hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you again in two weeks.
‘Mountains?’ Hagrid repeated, clearly thinking fast. ‘Nope, South o’ France fer me. Bit o’ sun an’... an’ sea.’
It was a tense moment. The last time they had met as in Flourish and Blotts, where they had a fist fight in front of everyone.
John approached it and crouched beside it, concentrated hard. He stared intently, but nothing happened. He blinked, shook his head and tried again. Still nothing. Not even greyness or a flickering image. Just nothing. A fluttering panic rose in his stomach.
The floor of the telephone box shuddered and slowly sunk into the ground. Darkness closed over their heads, and they could see nothing at all; they could only hear a dull grinding noise as the telephone box made its way down through the earth. After about a minute, a chink of golden illuminated their feet, rising up until it hit them in the face.
Colin began chattering at top speed as soon as they closed the door, but John didn’t listen to most of it, as he was thinking hard about what Bagman might want him for.
Dean got changed and pulled screens around Cas’s bed, and the one next to his, which Dean climbed into when he was done. The sound of Cas’s steady breathing comforted him, and he was soon asleep.
‘Hermione would skin you alive if she knew you hadn’t been studying, and you know it. You’re just lucky I haven’t told her.’
Sorry for the long wait, I've just been taking some time off, but hopefully won't be as long until the next one! Oh, and we've officially passed the half way point! Thanks for reading, and I'll see you again next time!
They were saved the necessity of asking what Nargles were by the arrival of Angelina, Katie and Alicia. All three of them were breathless and looked very cold.
John sighed in relief as the vision filling his mind was pushed away and replaced by the familiar impression of Sherlock. ‘Thank you,’ he whispered.
said Malfoy, pointing at Pigwidgeon’s cage. A sleeve of Ron’s dress robes was dangling from it, swaying with the motion of the train. The mouldy lace cuff very obvious.
Despite all this, Umbridge plowed through her speech, showing no signs of having noticed that restlessness of her audience.
Sherlock smiled at him. ‘I appreciate your faith in me, John, but I’m afraid I know as much about this as you do. Perhaps we should visit the centaurs again when we return to Hogwarts.’
‘Shall I persuade him, Dumbledore?’ called another witch, rolling up her sleeves and raising an unusually thick wand.
When the desserts, too, had been demolished, Dumbledore got to his feet. The buzz of chatter filling the Hall ceased almost immediately.
‘Oh,’ John said, deflated. ‘Good. Yes, I’d love to meet her. Anyway, best get going. Get down to the greenhouses- Herbology and everything.’
Sherlock shrugged. ‘I’ve sent a message to my brother, but I don’t see why we would get any further than we have before. No one wants to take responsibility.’
‘Oh, c’mon, ‘Er-my-knee,’ said Ron, accidentally spraying Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. ‘Oops – sorry, ‘Arry-‘ He swallowed. ‘You won’t get them sick leave by starving yourself.’
‘Just a couple of people,’ Hermione said, checking her watch and looking anxiously at the door. ‘I told them to be here about now and I’m sure they all know where it is - oh, look, this might be them now.’
The whole school waited with bated breath. Then the rip near the brim of the hat opened wide like a mouth and the Sorting Hat burst into song:
‘It’s from Ron,’ said Sherlock. ‘They’re picking Harry up tomorrow afternoon and we should be at theirs for dinner by five o’clock for dinner. Oh, and Hermione’s already there. How nice.’
‘Yes, Dean, it doesn’t hurt. It is a shame about this shirt, though.’ He emerged wearing a fresh, indigo jumper. ‘I bandaged it. It shouldn’t leak now.’
Dean and Cas lifted John up, while Sherlock kept squeezing the pressure point on John's hand. They all walked him back to the bed, ignoring the arguing between everyone else in the room. As soon as he was back under the covers, Cas brought him some of the potions on the list and helped him drink some.
Cas shook his head vigorously. ‘Sorry,’ he mumbled, rubbing the back of his hand. He’d been biting his lip so hard he’d made it bleed.
‘It’s Cas,’ said Sam, pointing down the Gryffindor table. ‘He’s been here all morning, just staring. I tried to help, but I can’t get near him, his Shield Charm’s up again.’
They continued walking, the buildings getting smaller and less imposing the further out they went. They passed a library, some pubs, and an overflowing skip, then Mr Weasley stopped them in front of a red telephone box.
'Cas?' he called out when he entered the Shrieking Shack. There was no dazzling white light, but some of the plants were smashed again, and a chair had fallen to pieces. Dean walked through the house, repairing everything as he went, and found Cas fast asleep on the bed. Dean knelt down beside him and gently shook his shoulder.
It was agony, standing there without being able to warn him, but John knew he must watch, and hopefully get help in the right direction. He heard a noise at the other end of the hallway and gasped. ‘She’s here,’ he whispered, grabbing Sherlock’s arm.
‘Don’t go showing Mr Bagman rubbish like that,’ Percy hissed, but Bagman didn’t seem to think the wand was rubbish at all. In fact, his boyish face shone with excitement as he took it from Fred, and when the and gave a loud squeak and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared with laughter. ‘Excellent! I haven’t seen one that convincing in years! I’d pay five Galleons for that!’
The pub appeared to cater to a more unusual clientele, and keeping your face covered seemed to be somewhat of a fashion in the Hog’s Head. There was a man at the bar whose whole head was wrapped in dirty grey bandages, though he was still managing to gulp endless glasses of smoking, fiery substance through a slit over his mouth; two figures shrouded in hoods sat at a table in one of the windows; in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sat a witch with a thick, black veil that fell to her toes; and in one of the booths, they only got a glimpse of the man’s bearded jaw before he hastily threw his cloak over his face.
‘It doesn’t matter how old I was,’ Cas said, his voice muffled by his knees. ‘It was my fault. She was kind and beautiful, and it’s my fault she’s dead.’
They went downstairs and paid, then went to stock up on their potion ingredient before taking a break at Florean Fortescue’s. John was examining their equipment list. ‘Dress robes?’ he said. ‘What do you reckon that’s about?’
‘Yeah.’ John was asleep almost immediately, but Sherlock was loathe to leave him, so he settled down on the end of the bed and watched John sleep.
By the time evening arrived, the excitement in the air was palpable. Salesmen were Apparating every few feet with carts full of souvenirs and merchandise.
His revival seemed to give Ireland a new heart. When Mostafa blew the whistle, the Chasers moved into action with a skill unrivalled by anything they had seen before. After fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland had pulled ahead by ten more goals. They were now leading by one hundred and thirty points to ten, and the game was starting to get dirtier.
Cas grunted and grabbed Dean. He couldn’t speak, but he reached into his pocket and pressed a phial of yellowish liquid into his hand.
For a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light; then it quivered to rest, as solidly black as ever.
John pulled himself up slightly straighter but hesitated. ‘It’ll be harder if I’m not actually looking at Winky.’ He tried to recall what he had seen earlier, but found himself too tired to bring up more than a grey image. He slumped back down in his chair.
‘-that we have rarely heard the like of it within this court,’ said Crouch, speaking more loudly, drowning out his son’s voice. ‘We have heard the evidence against you. The four of you stand accused of capturing an Auror - Frank Longbottom - and subjecting him to the Cruciatus curse, believing him to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exiled master, He Who Must Not Be Named-’
Dean struggled at first. There was no point in putting on his glasses, they would just be confiscated before he could use them properly. He wrote the first line slowly, so he would have something good to follow, and listened out for Cas behind him. He only heard a tiny gasp as Cas wrote the first line, but he was silent after that.
Cas sighed. ‘If it had been triggered when I was younger, I probably would have,’ he admitted. ‘I’m too old now.’
Cas nodded. ‘I knew it would. He always makes sure there’s a scar, so I won’t forget…’ Cas trailed off, rubbing his chest. ‘Will I be able to fly soon?’
A medi-wizard came tearing across the pitch, fingers stuffed in his ears, and kicked Mostafa hard in the shins.
John clutched Lupin’s arm as everything went dark, and the air pressed in on him from all sides, making it impossible to breathe. Then it stopped and he took a gulp of the cool night air, letting go of Lupin.
Percy went slightly pink. ‘You might sneer, Ron,’ he said heatedly, ‘but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might very well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow bottomed products, which seriously endanger-‘
John turned too and saw someone standing there, but he couldn’t tell who. They raised their wand, and before any of them could react, a jet of light flew towards them and blasted Sherlock.
‘That is enough,’ said Umbridge. ‘Miss Granger, I am going to take five points from Gryffindor house.’
‘Erm…’ John frowned and gripped Sherlock. He tried getting closer, but now the door itself was blurring John’s vision, as though what was beyond it didn’t want to be seen. He shook his head and went closer. ‘I - I’m trying.’
But the boy was trying to fight the Dementors off, even though their draining power was already affecting him.
'The years of Voldemort's ascent to power were marked with disappearances,' Dumbledore told them. 'Bertha Jorkins has vanished without a trace in the place where Voldemort was certainly known to be last.'
Madam Pomfrey shook her head. ‘The High Inquisitor has full control over punishments. If she wants to expel him for missing lessons, she can.’
When he landed, he found himself in what he assumed was the Hufflepuff boys’ dormitory. He was standing beside Cedric, who was sitting on his bed, and Gabriel was sitting on his own bed across from them.
Sherlock’s excitement garbled any explanation he tried to get across, resulting in a blurred mixture of words, images and runes, none of which John understood.
Dean ground his teeth, but didn’t argue, watching Cas clench his fists out of the corner of his eye. ‘Yes, Professor,’ he said eventually. He picked up his bag and whispered to Cas, ‘Wait outside when you’re done, I’ll come get you.’ He turned away, staring meaningfully at Sherlock as he went, relieved when he got a subtle nod in return, and grudgingly left the room.
Dean looked desperately over her head just in time to see Dumbledore disappear through the door at the back of the Hall. He sighed and looked at McGonagall. 'Fine. It's about Cas. Something is
'Hey, you asked for my help and you're gonna get it. You stay here and rest, and I'll go get our stuff. We'll study here.'
‘Dean, please,’ Cas said with a shaky voice. ‘I don’t want to make her angry with me, I can’t do it, I - I -’ Cas couldn’t speak anymore past the frightened sobbing that had gripped him.
They walked slowly towards the Hall, Dean watching Cas's face the entire time and taking it at his own pace.
In unison, the witches and wizards along the right-hand side of the dungeon of the dungeon raised their hands, and the boy began to scream.
John grimaced. Sherlock knew full well that John was reluctant to use it, and set off stronger visions. ‘Yeah, you’re probably right,’ John sighed.
Bagman was sitting at the table, talking to a witch in magenta robes. Viktor Krum was standing moodily in a corner, not talking to anyone. Cedric and Fleur were engaged in conversation, while a man holding a large black camera watched.
When they arrived back at the tents, they found Sam teaching Mr Weasley how to properly build a fire. Sherlock was napping peacefully up against his tent, and Fred, George and Ginny were sat in the entrance of theirs, playing a card game.
'Yeah. Besides, all he'd do about it is make us leave. I don't know about you, Sammy, but I like it here.'
enough, of course,’ said Percy dismissively, ‘but how he ever got to be Head of Department… when I compare him to Mr Crouch! I can’t see Mr Crouch losing a member of our department and not trying to find out what’s happened to them. You realise Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?’
‘Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn’t he?’ Fred said quietly, as she left the room ‘Birds of a feather…’
‘Fine.’ John got up and walked out into the grounds with Sherlock, pausing to take a deep breath of fresh air. ‘Where do you want to go?’
‘No, don’t “Dean” me, y’all are disgusting if you think it’s okay to leave him in that situation. Screw you.’ Dean kicked over the chair. ‘How could you do that to him?’ Then Dean’s emotions took over. All the fear and shock that had been threatening to overwhelm him since Cas had appeared in the fireplace flooded through him, and he found himself sobbing on the floor. ‘How could anyone do that to him, I don’t understand,’ Dean blubbered. ‘It doesn’t make any sense, he’s such a great person, he doesn’t deserve this.’
Madam Pomfrey came over to check on them, then pulled Dean aside. ‘You’ve been asked to see the Headmaster. I would go now, if I were you.’
Sherlock blinked, expressionless, looking down at John’s hand, then back up again. He glanced at Luna, who didn’t move, then his a smile spread across his face. ‘I don’t know, John,’ he said.
‘Ah – right – certainly –‘ Mr Weasley retreated a short distance from the cottage. ‘Help me, Dean,’ he muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from his pocket and starting to peel the notes apart.
Dean piled food onto his plate, eager to eat, but eager to finish so he could talk to Dumbledore. He reached across the table for a jug of gravy, but he didn't quite make it, his scars restricting his movement. Hermione passed it to him without a word. Dean poured his gravy, rubbing the spot on his shoulder that felt the tightest, and began wolfing down his food. The upside to having werewolf scratches was that Sam no longer bothered him about what he ate. He always just put it down to whatever weird lycanthropic craving Dean was having that day. He'd also had to start shaving, much to Sam's amusement. Not that he didn't enjoy the looks he got for it, but they never came from the one person he wanted them to. He glanced up at Cas's empty seat again, earning himself an eye roll from Sherlock.
At last the food was finished, and talking ceased immediately as everyone turned to face Dumbledore.
‘I do hope this year’s batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch,’ Nick said, applauding as ‘McDonald, Natalie!’ joined the Gryffindor table. ‘We don’t want to break our winning streak, do we?’
John left a little earlier than the others, to meet Molly downstairs. He pushed through the crowd milling about in the Entrance Hall, towards the corridor leading to the Hufflepuff common room. He found Molly close by, searching for him. She was wearing a buttery yellow dress, her hair swept to one side, and a wide smile.
‘Wait, that’s mine!’ Harry called out, as the wand Mr Diggory was holding was bathed in light from the Dark Mark.
‘I don’t believe it!’ John heard Ron say in a stunned voice as they filed back up the steps into the castle. ‘Viktor Krum!’
'Just let it go, Cas,' Dean said, sitting him on the grass. 'No one will see you, everyone's asleep.'
One of the lifts arrived and the three of them were jammed inside, along with several other Ministry workers. John tried his hardest to keep his hands to himself. He could feel the others’ lives pulling at him, calling out, inviting him to look. He started to feel dizzy. ‘In and out,’ John whispered, reminding himself to breathe.
‘I dunno, we probably look better than that time you found us out in the hall back in first year,’ John chuckled.
‘I do know that,’ said Sherlock, narrowing his eyes. ‘I know Castiel very well. Whatever this is, he's working very hard to keep it a secret.
A pair of blank, white, shining eyes appeared through the gloom, followed by the skeletal body of a great, black, winged horse emerging from the darkness.
‘Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement; Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley.’
‘Very few, sir. Most people stumbles across it when they needs it, sir, but often they never finds it again, for they do not know that it is always there waiting to be called into service, sir.’
'Do not speak to me about that woman!' cried Trelawney, leaping to her feet, her beads rattling. 'Kindly continue with your work!'
Cas screwed his eyes shut, and with great effort, lifted his arm. The logs began to split and float into the fire. Cas let out a breath and dragged himself onto his knees. Dean helped him up the rest of the way.
Sam cleaned the blood from Dean’s skin and held his forearms. ‘Where are we, Dean?’ he asked gently.
'And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task – excessive use of elbows!' Bagman informed them. 'And – yes, it's a penalty to Ireland!'
‘But you’re behind – very behind – on dealing with Dark curses. So I’m here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I’ve got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark-‘
‘I yelled until someone came running,’ said the wizard, ‘said I’d heard something moving downstairs - they weren’t sure whether to believe me but went down to check - you know there are no portraits down there to watch from. Anyway, they carried him up a few minutes later. He doesn’t look good, he’s covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg’s portrait to get a good view as they left.’
‘They left half of themselves behind,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘So, of course, they were stuck. Couldn’t move either way. Had to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort them out. Meant a fair bit of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts they left behind…’
‘But – he wasn’t there, was he? You-Know-Who?’ Ron stuttered nervously. ‘I mean – last time your scar kept hurting, he was at Hogwarts, wasn’t he?’
‘Must be nearly time!’ Mr Weasley said hurriedly, catching sight of the twins’ expressions. ‘Do you know whether we’re waiting for any more, Amos?’
‘Dolores Umbridge?’ said Hagrid. ‘I thought you were one o’ them Ministry - don’t you work for Fudge?’
Sorry it's been so long since the last update, I kinda got stuck in a pit of writer's block and a near death experience, but I'm back and here we are.
They stayed in their room where John was stable, and they felt it the moment the Weasleys and Harry returned from St Mungo’s. The tense atmosphere was dissolved immediately, replaced by relief and joy as everyone crowded inside, doing their best not to wake up Mrs Black. Their buoyant moods ballooned through the house, alleviating John’s illness enough so that he could finally go to sleep.
The potion instantly soothed John's throat as he swallowed it. ‘Wow, thank you.’ His voice was still quiet and croaky, but it didn't hurt anymore.
‘Oh, am I?’ Ron peered down at his predictions. ‘I’d better change that to being trampled by a rampaging Hippogriff.’
John took a deep breath of the clear air, the heaviness in the house finally lifting from him, and he smiled, slightly giddy.
‘Sure you are.’ Dean dramatically threw himself down on one of the squashy sofas. ‘Well, Harry can’t go stag, but you sure can, Ron.’
They went into separate cubicles and John started to put his on. It was a nice, silky material, but he was slightly dismayed to find that the legs were too long. He did quite like the colour, however.
‘You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning?’ said Umbridge in a slow, loud voice. ‘Telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson?’
Sherlock moved, so John could lean on his shoulder instead of the table. ‘Are you an Auror?’ he asked Tonks with interest.
‘I know it hurts, but you gotta stay still,’ Dean said loudly, over Cas’s agonised crying. ‘We can’t have you falling out of this thing.’
Frank continued around the back of the house and put the key into a door almost completely hidden by ivy. He let them both into the kitchen and John was forced to listen intently for Frank’s footsteps, as he couldn’t see where they were going. He chuckled to himself slightly at the irony.
'Dean,' Cas said quietly, drawing his attention back to his homework. 'I'll be right back, will you be all right for a few minutes?'
‘Find the caster for me and I’ll ask them myself.’ John regretted letting it come out so sharply when Sherlock’s mouth tightened. He had had as little luck as John in discovering who was doing this to them.
Cas shook his head, but wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder. ‘I don’t know what to do.’
Cas rolled onto his back with an arm over his face. 'It's a defence mechanism. The - the creatures used it to blind their enemies and gain the advantage. But it stopped working on the giants when their eyesight diminished. It happens when I get scared. Which is a lot.'
They reached the Entrance Hall, where they were joined by Sherlock, Cas and Dean. They were just about to go into the Great Hall, when a loud voice rang out behind them.
‘I don’t know about this, Hermione,’ Harry muttered as they crossed to the bar, looking at the witch in the veil. ‘Has it occurred to you that Umbridge might be under there?’
Stumped, Dean wandered around the grounds. He was just about to climb up to Ravenclaw Tower, when he looked out across the lake and spotted a figure sitting on the end of the dock by the boathouse.
John’s palms were clenched closed and slick with sweat. ‘So,’ he said, in a thin attempt at a light tone. ‘You have a date for the Ball yet?’
‘Erm… anyway,’ said Hagrid, clearly struggling to regain the flow of his lesson, ‘so- Thestrals. Yeah. Well, there’s loads o’ good stuff abou’ them…’
‘Yeah maybe. I’d rather avoid it though. They’re not the easiest to deal with.’ John then yawned and stretched. ‘Whatever it is, it’s going to have to wait.’
Cas opened his mouth, but then a letter dropped in front of him. He looked at it curiously, then his eyes widened in horror, and he tried to push himself away from it, but it exploded, sending a wave of heat outwards. Cas’s books flew everywhere, one narrowly missing hitting Dean in the face.
Ernie burst out. ‘And if this list was found… well, I mean to say… you said yourself, if Umbridge finds out-’
Harry looked as though he hadn’t, in fact, considered asking Cho out properly, shocked as he was by her advances.
Cas smiled. ‘Don’t eat things Gabriel gives you,’ he said, taking the brownie from Dean’s hand and incinerating it.
‘It’s classified information until such time as the Ministry decides to release it,’ Percy said stiffly. ‘Mr Crouch was quite right not to disclose it.’
Dean thought for a moment. It was easier to think, now that he wasn’t desperate to get to Cas. ‘Footsteps,’ he said.
‘Not with the dragon, you didn’t,’ said Michael Corner at once. ‘That was a seriously cool bit of flying...;’
John found his mother in the kitchen, looking slightly unnerved, surrounded by people she didn’t know, but making them all a cup of tea anyway.
Without anyone noticing, Castiel had walked around the Entrance Hall, and came up behind Malfoy. He reached over Malfoy’s shoulder and jerked the paper out of his hands.
‘There are plenty of eye-witness accounts. Just because you’re so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you-’
Dean noticed Harry hanging around, then saw Cho Chang also lingering at the bookcases. ‘I’ll catch you later,’ Dean smirked, leaving Harry and walking out with Cas.
‘Come, Dumbledore!’ Fudge said angrily. ‘Don’t you think you might be prejudiced in her favour because of Hagrid? They don’t all turn out harmless - if, indeed, you can call Hagrid harmless, with that monster fixation he’s got-’
‘Down in old - but they told me - Merlin’s beard!’ Mr Weasley checked his watch, let out a yelp, and leapt from his seat. ‘Quick! We should have been their five minutes ago!’
No matter how hard he willed himself to leave, John couldn’t move from the spot, and silently begged Moody not to do what he was about to do.
Dean wrinkled his nose at a sour smell that permeated the room. He found where Harry had vomited after his nightmare, and swiftly cleared it up.
The watching crowd recoiled slightly as the Dementors placed the man into the chained chair. They glided out of the room and the door swung shut behind them.
‘But what?’ Sherlock whirled around and John’s words died in his throat. Sherlock was extremely agitated and unable to stand still. ‘It- it’s your head, it’s – chaos, and I can feel it. So we’re going to fix this.’
Give me a little while to write a detailed timeline for Order of the Phoenix, and iron everything out, and I'll be back soon! We'll be revealing lots of secrets in the next one, especially with Castiel, so I hope you all stick around!
He ended up doing some homework for a while, pulling out yet another novelty pair of glasses and working on an arduous History of Magic essay. Cas glanced over at him every so often, but he remained in his spot, watching as the snow began to drift down from the clouds outside.
They only paused briefly for lunch, in which Cas ate a solitary apple, and then spent most of the afternoon on their essays. Cas made Dean stop when he felt the air grow chill.
The floating people were suddenly illuminated as they passed by a burning tent, and John recognised one of them as   Mr Roberts, the campsite manager. The other three must be his wife and children. One of the marchers below flipped Mrs Roberts upside down Her nightdress fell down and she struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her hooted with glee.
‘Or else - well…’ Fudge sounded embarrassed. ‘Well, I’ll reserve judgement until after I’ve seen  the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage? Dumbledore, you know what that woman
They kept going up and up, until the voice announced, ‘Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration services.’
Cas’s head snapped up. ‘No, Dean, you can’t. He’ll come for me, he’ll hurt you-’ He winced and rubbed his chest, and his hand came away bloody. ‘I can’t let him hurt you.’
‘...and I’ll have to tell Dumbledore I can’t do night duty tomorrow, I’m just t-t-too tired,’ Tonks finished, giving another huge yawn.
Dumbledore directed them over to the fireplace, where the Goblet sat, unassuming, on a small table. The fire had now gone out, so the Goblet looked as ordinary as any other.
'Okay, well why don't you get her to give you a note just saying you were sick today? It doesn't have to say why.'
Professor Dumbledore got to his feet, arms open wide in welcome. ‘I have only two words to say to you,’ he told them. ‘
John was suddenly flashed into a location he didn’t recognise. It was dark and he was quite alone, at least he thought he was until he turned around and froze. He was facing a giant creature that could only be a fully-grown Blast-Ended Skrewt. At ten feet long, it looked like a huge scorpion, its tail curled over its back like a sting, and its thick armour made it look impervious to most forms of attack. John backed away from it, but tripped on his own feet and fell. His back hit the ground, the sky lightened, and he was back in front of Hagrid’s cabin.
'It's okay,' Dean whispered. 'It's just a wall, it's no big deal. I'm sure the castle is held up by magic anyway, you can't hurt it. Just focus on you.'
‘We should really make that tunnel bigger,’ Dean said as they crawled out underneath the Whomping Willow. ‘You didn’t have any breakfast, do you wanna stop in the kitchens first?’
‘Here!’ Mrs Weasley said breathlessly, pushing a piece of paper, a bottle of ink and a crumpled quill into Mr Weasley’s hands.
It was just flashing images, mostly of rows upon rows of swirling orbs. He saw Nagini briefly, then everything turned pink. He tried to force it into a more linear progression, and so it would make sense, but it refused to be anything more than lights and images. It eventually ended with a last, lingering look at Nagini, and he snapped back into the hallway, breathing heavily.
Dumbledore nodded. 'Mr Crouch, too, has disappeared within these very grounds. And a third disappearance, which the Ministry does not consider of any importance. His name was Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Voldemort's father grew up, and he has not been seen since last August.'
‘It’s that woman!’ John said furiously, looking away from the crystal ball and allowing Sherlock to gently take it from him. ‘She’s pure evil.’
Dean kept his promise and stayed up all night with Cas. Neither of them spoke much, instead listening to the others try and work out what had happened to Barty Crouch. Dean often found himself staring at Cas intently. He had almost got something out of him. Almost. It would be impossible to pick up the conversation now, especially with so many people still sitting in the common room. To Dean’s surprise, Cas dozed off a little just before dawn, though Cas seemed just as surprised when he jolted awake after an hour or so.
‘Not really, but I recognised some of the sigils. Demons use them sometimes, to leave threats and stuff.’
They both stood stock still as Nagini paid them no mind and entered the room. Then Voldemort spoke again, this time in English.
Moody pressed a hand to his face, and popped out his magical eye, dropping it in the glass of water. ‘It keeps getting stuck. Ever since that
As soon as he had taken a seat between John and Hermione, Dean began closely scanning the Ravenclaw table. Sherlock was beside Luna, and Dean spotted Padma Patil, the other fifth-year Prefect, but no Cas.
John bit his lip and strained to keep his concentration. He was unsettled that they seemed to be planning something, but they had at least until the World Cup to warn someone. If he had any idea where this was, he might even be able to have them arrested or something. He looked around vaguely, as if hoping to see some indication of their location.
‘It’s the Chamber of Secrets all over again,’ she said as John successfully shoved a bulb into the soil and it stayed put.
‘-The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind it tight around your throat, stand naked at the full moon in a barrel of eels’ eyes-’
It wasn't long until John began to stir. He was confused at first, but then realised what had happened.
Sherlock didn't say anything at first, then, 'Perhaps you should take your own advice,' he said, a slight, scathing edge to his voice.
‘You know, I’ve read some things about MACUSA,’ Hermione said to Dean. ‘Didn’t they outlaw relations with Muggles?’
They made inside the Shrieking Shack just in time, Cas beginning to glow while they were still crawling in the tunnel. He broke a few of the chairs and the bed again, which Dean fixed for him while he slept it off. Dean didn’t think Cas would want to sleep for that long, so Dean woke him after an hour.
Dean was the last to go to bed. He struggled to get changed, his scars tugging whenever he lifted his arms. He lay down hot, itchy and irritated, falling asleep with Cas on his mind.
As they walked to the village, most of the nasty comments were directed towards John, though they were easier to ignore while they walked as a group. Hermione, however, was still not impressed.
'Well, carry on!' she said loudly, her voice high-pitched and hysterical, 'you know what to do! Or am I such a sub-standard teacher that you have never learned how to open a book!'
'Well, I think a girl - first-year, by the look of her - might've got a glimpse of me earlier, but don't worry, I was gone the moment she looked back at me.'
Mr Weasley did eventually light a match and not drop it, but it would be at least another hour before the fire was hot enough to cook anything. Thankfully, there was plenty to look at. Their tent seemed to be right by the main path to the Quidditch pitch, and Ministry officials kept hurrying past.
John’s eyes roved over the barman, stared up at the ceiling, then finally landed on the hooded man. His face was still hidden, but he was sitting completely still, clearly paying them close attention. John squinted at him, but the man didn’t seem to be threatening at all. Perhaps he was a regular, concerned by a large group of Hogwarts students that suddenly seemed interested in the Hog’s Head. John closed his eyes, leaning against Sherlock. Neither of them had the energy to pay much attention to Hermione, much less a random stranger in the Hog’s Head.
don’t need your help. Come on, Cas.’ Dean stalked away with Cas, leaving Harry and Hagrid behind at the bottom of the marble staircase.
They walked behind John and Sherlock, who were holding hands, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock was whispering to him, but Cas and Dean couldn’t hear what he was saying from their distance away.
Hagrid, who had never heard Umbridge’s fake cough before, was gazing in some concern at the closest Thestral, evidently under the impression that it had made the sound.
‘I should have thought,’ Sherlock said apologetically. ‘Mrs Weasley can be a little much, I should have warned you.’
Ron said irritably. ‘We’re walking. Sorry if we disturbed the top-secret workings of the Ministry of Magic.’
Hermione tutted, then Dean pulled another pair out of his bag. These ones were sunflower yellow and had tiny daisies in the corners.
Cas's eyes blazed blue and he punched a nearby tree. The trunk splintered and the shockwave sent Dean sprawling. Cas watched the tree crack and collapse, crashing to the ground. 'Do you still think I'm not dangerous?' Cas said as Dean scrambled to his feet.
Dean took a deep breath, angry that he had allowed himself to believe in the security of the castle, and, though he wouldn't admit it, terrified that it was all crashing down around him.
‘Ah, Ilvermorny,’ Dean sighed. ‘It’s beautiful there. I was supposed to go, but my dad thought I would be safer here with Dumbledore.’
John had taken the wand and immediately felt a warmth emanating from it. He waved it and a shower of rainbow sparks had shot out of the end. His mum had clapped and a grin spread across his face.
Cas sniffed, taking a moment to slow his breathing again. ‘I knew what he would do and I - I thought I had come to terms with it, but then all I could think of was you and - and - ‘ He broke down again. ‘I didn’t want to die, Dean.’
‘It was nothing special,’ John shrugged. ‘Just a nice, up close and personal look at one of Hagrid’s murder lobsters.’
John looked into its red eyes and the terror he felt at their lifeless, evil gaze ripped him away from the scene. The last thing he saw was a flash of green light and Frank’s dusty screams.
Dean walked back to Gryffindor Tower with a renewed spring in his step and got himself ready for bed, but the nightmares hit him almost as soon as he was asleep.
‘Thing is, most of the stuff – well, all of it, really – was a bit dangerous,’ Ron continued, ‘and they were planning on selling it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren’t allowed to make any more of it, and burnt all the order forms… she’s furious at them anyway. They didn’t get as many O.W.Ls as she expected.’
‘I don't think I can help with anything else,’ Cas said thoughtfully. ‘It all appears to be connected.’
Then John realised with a start that Sherlock was wearing his tie, black with a little white rose in the corner.
Cas sat on the floor next to John, while Dean and Sherlock hovered awkwardly. ‘Not so much,’ Cas said. ‘It’s itchy.’
‘We’ve been through this, Minister,’ said Mycroft. ‘I saw the Death Eaters myself, there is no need for this drawn-out trial.’
Castiel leaned over the side of the box, his Omnioculars focused on the medi-wizards. They revived Lynch and made him drink several cups of potion before allowing him to mount his Firebolt.
The name Bertha Jorkins echoed around John’s head and his chest suddenly constricted, leaving him quite short of breath. Then all the talking around the table was blocked out by a terrible screaming in his ears. He dropped his fork and everyone turned to look at him.
Sleep was both the part of the day he most looked forward to, and the part that he most dreaded. It was no different that night. His dreams swirled, and he woke himself up with his own screaming, breathing heavily and shaking. He scrubbed the tears from his face and held his head in his hands. ‘Why won’t it stop?’ he stammered.
‘Okay, stop, you’re not pruning it, you’re giving it a close shave,’ Molly said, holding up a hand to stop John from angrily chopping at the quivering bush.
‘Sorry,’ he muttered. His footsteps echoed loudly as he walked across the stone floor. When he sat gingerly on the edge of the chair the chains clinked threateningly, but did not bind him. Already feeling sick and dizzy, John looked up at the people seated at the bench above.
‘Enough,’ John interrupted, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. ‘You’re amazing. Even if you’re “slow”, you’re still a hell of a lot quicker than most people. You’re far from useless, and you
‘Watch me.’ Sherlock took a handful of the glittery green powder, then handed the box to John. He threw the powder on the fire which turned the flames emerald. He stepped in, shouted ‘Diagon Alley’ and disappeared up the chimney.
John smiled weakly, and looked at Sherlock’s face, which seemed a little too close. Close enough that John could see little green flecks in his otherwise clear eyes, and a small freckle on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. He felt himself inexplicably drawn closer, but then a movement in the corner of his eye caught his attention, and he backed away. He looked at what had distracted him, and saw Cas and Dean heading down to Hagrid’s.
There was a murmur of excitement and the room began to clear in the usual twos and threes, wishing Dean and Harry a ‘Merry Christmas’ as they went.
‘We think the reason Umbridge doesn’t want us trained in Defence Against the Dark Arts, is that she’s got some… some mad idea that Dumbledore could use us as a kind of private army. She thinks he’d mobilise use against the Ministry.’
Cas nodded uncertainly, but kept following Dean. Once outside, though, his face relaxed and he breathed in the smell of the snow.
‘No, they can’t have done, because I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all signed,’ Hermione said grimly. ‘Believe me, if anyone’s run off and told Umbridge, we’ll know exactly who they are, and they will really regret it.’
‘No - come on!’ said Hagrid, looking a little anxious now. ‘I mean, a dog’ll bite yeh if yeh bait it, won’ it - but Thestrals have jus’ got a bad reputation because ‘o the death thing - people used ter think they were bad omens, didn’ they? Jus’ didn’ understand, did they?’
There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, then John blacked out, slipping sideways out of his chair. His head hit the leg of Neville’s desk next to him and he fell to the ground with a thump.
‘Whoever attacked Mr Crouch and Viktor is whoever put Harry’s name in the Goblet,’ Hermione reasoned.
Cas's fists clenched again. 'This is all ridiculous. I shouldn't be here. Not now that Gabriel can't stop me. None of you should be near me.' Cas walked off. 'Don't follow me, Dean.'
‘Well, at least the Skrewts are small,’ said Ron, as they made their way up to the castle for lunch.
'Let's study in the hospital wing after class today,' Dean said. 'I've got Divination and Dark Arts this afternoon, so it'll be nice to talk properly.'
Dean uneasily watched them go, picking up the crystal ball that John had left behind. He looked down at it, not really expecting to see anything at all. If he closed one eye and tilted one head he thought he could see some sort of big cat, but it was gone before he could really look at it. ‘I should put this with John’s stuff,’ he said to Cas.
Hagrid had straightened up and turned around. If he had been blushing before, it was nothing compared to what he was doing now. They peered cautiously through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from their carriage. They couldn’t hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, misty-eyed expression. A look of comprehension dawned on Ron’s face, and Sherlock rolled his eyes again.
When they got upstairs, Sherlock, John and Hermione were the only ones still in the common room. Cas conjured them all a mug of hot chocolate as he and Dean sat in front of the fire.
Harry shrugged. ‘Bagman said Hagrid would be lending them some creatures, and there would be spells in place.’
Disgust rose up in his stomach, as he looked down at the squat, toad-like face of Professor Umbridge.
‘Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like,’ said Moody, his magical eye swivelling onto Hermione. ‘If you’d rather learn the hard way – when someone’s putting it on you so they can control you completely – fine by me. You’re excused. Off you go.’
‘Okay, here are a couple of extra shirts to go with those, just in case,’ said Madam Malkin. ‘Now all you need to do is choose your ties.’
‘Well I – we have this connection thing, right? You can feel m and I used to feel you sometimes, but now it’s gone.’
‘Oh, forget it then,’ muttered Sirius. ‘So, it’s breakfast for - let’s see - nine… bacon and eggs, I think, and some tea, and toast-’
Castiel was conspicuously missing from the Hall, as was Gabriel, a fact that was not lost on either Sherlock or John, or Dean when he came down, scanning the room while he shovelled bacon into his mouth.
One hundred thousand witches and wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the centre of the Chasers.
An Irish Beater swung heavily at a passing Bludger, and hit it as hard as possible towards Krum, who did not duck quickly enough. It hit him hard in the face.
‘Here, tea. Careful, it’s hot,’ Sherlock said. John’s hands were shaking too much to hold the mug on his own, so Sherlock helped him take a sip. ‘It’s August, nineteen ninety-four. We’re at the Quidditch World Cup.’
The shamrock formation soared over the stands and the crowd roared its approval as heavy gold coins rained down on them.
John squinted at Harry. ‘It was Nagini,’ he said slowly. ‘You - you saw it too?’ He was suddenly thrown back to the vision, only this time it was blurred with the same vision but from another perspective- from inside Nagini’s eyes. He groaned, the blurring, as well as the malice emanating from the snake churned his stomach. His head once again felt as though it were in a vice.
Then the music started, the Veela began to dance, and everyone around John began behaving very strangely indeed. Harry, Ron and Dean all rose to their feet, slack expressions on their faces. Sam remained in his seat, looking dazed.
Lastly, he tried to pinpoint Castiel. He was the furthest away, and John couldn’t make out more than his blurred outline, before everything turned white and he heard a high-pitched whining in his ears. He eased out of it, disappointed, then reached for Sherlock again. All he got was a vague sense that Sherlock was rolling his eyes.
There were sounds of agreement from around the table and they all went back to their conversations, though now with a few sidelong glances at John.
'Well, come on,' Hermione said, jumping up, 'we'd better get going, if she's inspecting Binns's class we don't want to be late.'
Mostafa seemed to come to himself and started shouting at the Veela, who stopped dancing and looked mutinous.
John snapped back to himself, light-headed and laughing giddily. He waited for the spinning to stop, then climbed to his feet and made his way up to the Owlery, where Sherlock was waiting for him.
Cas wrung his hands out and took a few calming breaths, then finally looked at Dean. ‘What’s wrong?’ he frowned.
‘It says here I need a wand. That should be easy enough, right?’ John had said, clutching the parchment tightly.
‘I – erm – I wanted to – ‘ John’s mouth was suddenly dry, and he felt very small under the gaze of everyone in the room.’
‘How did you know?’ John asked as Ollivander gave him back his wand. ‘My power hadn’t even come in back then.’
Dumbledore got up and began walking up and down behind his desk. ‘And John?’ he said. ‘What did you see?’
‘Do you mean to tell me,’ said Mrs Weasley, her voice growing louder with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow visitors were scurrying for cover, ‘that you have been messing about with Muggle remedies?’
Everything was dark at first, and it took a moment for his surroundings to sharpen and for him to notice that Sherlock was there. They were surrounded by tall hedges, so he couldn’t tell where they were. His hands were still covered in blood, and still his own as far as he could tell. Then he looked at Sherlock and was shocked by the pure, unfiltered panic on his face.
‘Awesome, thanks so much, John!’ Sam scooped up his parchment and dashed from the room, leaving John slightly bewildered.
Dean didn’t know, but the looks on Harry and John’s faces told him that they did, though he was sure they wouldn’t be willing to share.
Malfoy looked up. ‘Imagine them not even getting his name right, Weasley, it’s almost as though he’s a complete nonentity, isn’t it?’ he crowed. He straightened the paper with a flourish, and read on:
Mr Weasley, Fred, George and Ron all dashed over to the fireplace and took turns yelling, ‘Number four, Privet Drive!’ and disappearing up the chimney.
A rustling noise made them all jump Winky the house-elf was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. She was moving with great difficulty, as though someone invisible was trying to hold her back.
They both stood awkwardly for a moment before Sherlock bid John goodnight and went through the swan portrait. John then continued on towards the Gryffindor common room. He could have been imagining it, but Sherlock seemed almost upset about something. He didn’t have time to dwell on it, however, once he reached the Fat Lady.
Castiel’s worsening mood was even more evident on Monday morning, when he didn’t appear for breakfast, though Dean was not surprised by this at all. They went about their day as usual, and Dean was pleased to feel Cas softly hold his hand under the desk during Charms.
‘Made one hell of a racket, firing rubbish everywhere, as far as I can tell,’ said Mr Diggory. ‘Apparently one of them was still rocketing around when the please-men turned up.’
‘Dean, this is… a lot,’ Cas began. ‘Some days it’s so much, I can hardly stand it.’ His voice cracked and he sniffed. ‘I would understand if you - if you didn’t want to deal with it.’
‘Are you aware,’ Umbridge said loudly, interrupting him, ‘that the Ministry classified Thestrals as “dangerous”?’
Mrs Weasley waved her wand over the stove as he closed the kitchen door. ‘What would you like for breakfast? Porridge? Muffins? Bacon and eggs? Toast?’
‘I keep this,’ said the wizard, impaling the slip on a small brass spike. ‘You get this back,’ he added, shoving the wand back at John.
Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not speak, she merely glared. She wasn’t the only one either. Snape looked furious and Karkaroff was livid.
Sherlock glared at him, but relented. He picked up some of Cas’s books instead and carried them down to the hospital wing, where he stacked them neatly on Cas’s bedside table.
‘I’ve heard that you have different sorts of visions. One kind that happens on its own, and another kind that you make happen, is that right?’
The next day, John was eating some porridge in the Great Hall, not thinking about anything in particular, until Sam came hurrying up to the him, breathless with excitement and carrying a stack of parchment in his arms. He practically threw himself down next to John and pushed his hair out of his face.
Several small, brightly coloured objects zoomed out of George’s pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, and they sped right into Mrs Weasley’s outstretched hand.
By the time the sounds of the Veela and their admirers had faded completely, they were in the very heart of the woods. They seemed to be alone and everything was much quieter.
‘Well thank you, Ginny,’ Dean grinned. ‘Here, I think these’ll suit you.’ He took off his glasses and gave them to Ginny.
'Master – master wants me to save him a seat, Harry Potter, he is very busy,' said Winky, tilting her head at the empty seat that John was still staring at. 'Winky is wishing she is back in master's tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does what she is told. Winky is a good house-elf.' She gave the edge of the box another frightened look, and hid her eyes completely again.
The cool air made Sherlock feel slightly better, but John struggled to take too many steps at once, and half way across the grounds, he collapsed into a heap onto the grass.
Dean dug through his pile of gifts until he found the one from Hermione. ‘A homework planner,’ Dean said. ‘Wow.’
She bustled off, and John turned to Ron who, along with the other Weasleys, were glancing up at the ceiling nervously.
Unfortunately, Trelawney heard him, and it was this, perhaps, that made her give them so much homework at the end of class.
'You really are full of mysteries,' Dean commented, squinting at his parchment. 'Is that it now? You don't have a long lost evil twin I need to worry about, do you?' Dean laughed at his own joke.
‘The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago, as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry – Hogwarts, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took turns in hosting the Tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities – until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the Tournament was discontinued.’
The letter was very short, and looked as though it had been scrawled in a hurry. Harry read it aloud:
‘I was ensuring Mr Watson and his mother’s safety, forgive me, Minister, but I assumed that would be the priority.’
John and Sherlock hastily broke apart and stood at either side of the alcove opening, avoiding each other’s eyes.
‘You did so well,’ Dean told him, ‘but you should rest now. It’s going to take you a minute to heal.’
‘Shh.’ John yanked her from her bed. ‘They’re coming.’ He desperately tried to wake Sherlock, pushing through the pain it caused him as he pulled his mother down the stairs.
Mr Weasley and Harry set off at a brisk pace, and John took a moment to catch up, stumbling slightly behind them.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to bluejaythebeautiful, OtakuElf and hhhelcat for the comments! Hope you all enjoyed it and I'll see you again next time!
‘Okay, I just need you to sign this.’ She dumped the tank into Sherlock’s arms and pulled out a quill and parchment. ‘And she’s all yours.’
Dean then went back out to the Entrance Hall, and moved Cas away from the doors. 'If I can fix Ron's robes, yours will be a cinch, what do you say?’
John got up and looked around. They appeared to have arrived on a deserted stretch of misty moor. In front of them was a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizards, one of whom was holding a large gold watch and the other a thick roll of parchment. Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly; the man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length boots; his colleague, a kilt and poncho.
‘And then there was a big row,’ said Ginny, ‘because Mum wants them to join the Ministry like Dad, but they just want to open a joke shop.’
‘He’s not an idiot, you just don’t like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch,’ said Hermione. ‘I’ve heard he’s a really good student.’
‘I agree.’ Cas stood up and stretched. ‘I think we should go. I can still make it to Transfiguration.’ He stumbled slightly and made his way back through the tunnel.
They all continued to discuss what had happened, but Dean saw Cas shrink into a shadowy corner of the room.
‘It was all my fault, I didn’t know they were different, and-’ Cas cut himself off and buried his head in his knees.
'I got a bunch of letters from the other Seers earlier,' Sam told him. 'They all saw you, they said you needed help, and I should do this.'
‘You-Know-Who wants something in the Department of Mysteries,’ Sherlock said, nodding mostly to himself.
Mrs Weasley checked them in, then led everyone up to Mr Weasley’s room, where they found him propped up in bed with a sheepish expression on his face.
John grimaced. ‘I saw that too. Unfortunately quite real.’ John caught Harry’s eye and he looked away. He clearly knew exactly who Voldemort wanted to kill, but he had decided against making the others panic.
At the end of the lesson, Harry and Ron went off to find Hermione, but John went to track down Sherlock, hoping they were thinking the same thing.
John finished his dinner, and got up to make himself a cup of tea, but Mrs Weasley pushed him back into his seat.
Neville had gone extremely pale. ‘It sounded like someone being tortured!’ he exclaimed. ‘You’re going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!’
‘I’m sure we can find a night that suits everyone,’ said Hermione, slightly impatiently, ‘but you know, this is rather important, we’re talking about learning to defend ourselves against Voldemort’s Death Eaters-’
Dean hesitated, then got up and pressed a kiss to Cas’s forehead. ‘You’re so brave,’ he whispered. ‘You’re safe now.’
‘Well… anyway…’ said Hagrid, turning back to the class and looking flustered, ‘erm… what was I sayin’?’
Mrs Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a stack in the kitchen, put it into the fire tongs and transferred it into Mr Diggory’s mouth.
‘Oh… yeah… well, we need to be a bit more careful, he’s been asking Kingsley and me funny questions…’
Dean groaned. ‘I’m sick of trying to explain this, I’m going to find him right now.’ Dean turned to storm out of the kitchen, but was stopped with a hand on his shoulder by Lupin as he entered the kitchen
They finally arrived at their stop, and hurried out, almost getting swept away by the tide of morning commuters carrying briefcases.
‘No, I’ll be all right, thanks,’ he smiled. He caught Sherlock’s intense expression and cleared his throat. ‘We ought to work out how to… how to control it… better,’ he said, trailing off as his stomach fluttered.
‘It is not of import. Madam Pomfrey will fix it.’ Cas ended the conversation by picking up the book he had been reading on advanced human anatomy and hiding his face behind it.
Harry and Ron then began shouting at Snape. Fortunately since they were both shouting and the dungeons reverberated sound, most of what they were saying was lost in a jumbled echo.
Dean watched him soar overheard, spinning through the sky like it was nothing. He looped around and threw the Quaffle through one of the goal hoops, then raced around to catch it on the other side. It was like watching an intricate dance, and it was the most confident and comfortable Dean had ever seen Cas. He had complete control of the broom, but the way he moved made it look as though he didn't need it at all. He leapt to his feet, lightly landing on the broom, and surfed it once around the stadium, never once wobbling or losing his balance. When he was finished, he held the broom upright, balancing one foot on the stirrup and floated back down to Dean.
'And you have applied regularly for the Defence Against the Dark Arts post since you first joined the school, I believe?'
The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire to impress the students of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed determined to show the castle at its best at Christmas. During the final week of term, decorations more magnificent than any they had seen before appeared around the castle. Everlasting icicles hung from the marble staircase, and the twelve trees brought into the Great Hall were bedecked in every decoration imaginable, including real, golden owls that hooted as you walked past. The suits of armour had been enchanted to sing Christmas carols, but they kept forgetting the words, and Peeves the poltergeist had to be extracted from them several times, when he made up his own, rude versions of the songs to fill in the gaps.
John's heart raced, and he pushed his mother even further into the shadows. He crawled closer to the one that had come into the kitchen, as quietly as possible in an attempt to catch them by surprise.
They had Apparated onto a patch of uneven grass, in the middle of a small square. It was dark, but for Lupin’s illuminated wand.
instinct, but you gotta start somewhere, and it's always better to have someone with experience show you the ropes. That really can mean the difference between life and death.'
The appearance of the sign in the Entrance Hall had a marked effect on the inhabitants of the castle. During the following week, the Triwizard Tournament seemed to be the only topic of conversation flying around: who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what the Tournament would involve, and how the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students might differ from them.
John gasped, leaning forward. A sharp jolt shot through his chest, and something flashed across his vision, but it was gone too quickly for him to grasp it.
The buzz of talk in the Hall faded away. The first-years lined up in front of the staff table and Professor McGonagall placed the hat and the stool before them.
Cas let go of Dean’s hand and covered his face, taking several deep breaths. When he spoke, it was barely audible. ‘My father.’ As soon as the words came out he clamped his hands over his mouth and whimpered, clearly terrified.
Harry nodded and addressed the room. ‘Well, we’ve been thinking about the sort of stuff we ought to do first and - er - what, Hermione?’ he said, noticing Hermione’s hand in the air.
Sherlock was resting his head on the table, not even trying to hide the fact that he wasn't paying attention. John was still stuck in whatever vision he was having, but Dean knew John would grab him if he needed. Sam was still watching Umbridge, concerned creases forming between his eyebrows. Many other people started chatting and Luna pulled out her copy of
John rolled his eyes. ‘No need for that, Sherlock,’ he chastised. ‘If I’d wanted to say no, I could have. I met her when she jumped onto my shoulder and didn’t want to leave.’
Sherlock took advantage of the noise. ‘Don’t let it control you,’ he said to John. ‘It’s your power.
Dean dug through the bag of ingredients he'd brought out. 'Looks like we can do… Common Poisons Antidote. I've got a nice Bezoar you can crush up.'
December arrived with wind and sleet, forcing everyone into the castle and their warmest robes. Outside lessons were a nightmare, not knowing whether they would lose their fingers to frostbite, or to the Blast-Ended Skrewts. Hagrid attempted to find out whether or not they hibernated, but judging by the mess they made of the crates he prepared for them, they did not.
‘How this situation arose, we do not know,’ he said. ‘It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, therefore, they will do.’
‘And did you kill a Basilisk with that sword in Dumbledore’s office?’ demanded Terry Boot. ‘That’s what one of the portraits on the wall told me when I was in there last year…’
Umbridge gave him an indulgent smile, and Dean opened his mouth furiously, but John elbowed him hard before he could say anything.
Cas was sitting on his cushion, quietly reading one of the books he’d found, and hugging the jar Dean had given him.
A small and skinny wizard, completely bald, but with an impressively large moustache, strode out onto the field in all gold robes. He was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm and his broomstick under the other. He mounted his broom and kicked the crate open. Four balls, the Quaffle, two Bludgers, and the Golden Snitch, all burst free and flew off in different directions.
The Slytherins all clamoured to give an explanation until Snape pointed his finger at Malfoy and said, ‘Explain.’
Despite his discomfort, John couldn’t help but smile at Sam’s enthusiasm. ‘I can see the past, so for example, yesterday you…’ He stared at Sam until the room shifted and he saw Sam sitting next to a bookcase. ‘You were reading the
‘He should,’ said Mr Weasley, smiling and leading them through the gate, ‘but Ludo’s always been a bit – well –
‘I was born on a Thursday, so I was named after the angel of Thursdays. If you pray to Castiel on a Thursday, he will guide you through any upcoming journey you may have.’
‘I lost some blood in the night,’ he told Dean. ‘I’ll be fine in a minute.’ He swallowed a phial of red potion, then a mouthful of cereal at Dean’s prompting.
They went through another set of oak doors, through some winding corridors, right to a dead end with a tiny off, with
‘As Mr Watson has already stated, he is a Seer, therefore was forewarned of their arrival. Though he did not have time to leave the building, he was able to alert my brother Sherlock, and myself. Upon arrival, it was clear that Mr Watson had been put under the Imperius Curse, which was then broken when the Death Eaters escaped.’
Dean squinted at him. Something about his voice was different, as though he had suddenly developed a mild lisp.
'Yep,' said Sirius. 'Fudge thinks Dumbledore will stop at nothing to seize power. He's getting more and more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day.'
‘See, he was always protecting you,’ Dean whispered as he carefully climbed into the bed beside Cas.
‘Wait, wait, wait,’ said Cedric, as Gabriel jumped to his feet. ‘I’ll do it, but only if you do it too.’
John looked around in awe. A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking their seats below, seats that rose in levels around the oval pitch.
Right, yeah.’ John closed his eyes and concentrated on Harry’s wand, almost confident that his familiarity with it would make it easier for him to see it. ‘Okay, yeah, I can see it slipping out of your pocket in the – in the Top Box.’ But it disappeared again when a wave of nausea hit him.
As soon as he was gone, Dumbledore turned to everyone gathered. 'There is work to be done,' he said. 'Molly… am I right in thinking I can count on you and Arthur?'
‘Hey,’ said Neville. He was looking a great deal calmer than he had earlier, though his were a little red.
They went past Mrs Weasley fiercely hugging Fred and George, into the living room, where John collapsed on the sofa, with Sherlock sat on the edge.
Then Lupin gestured towards a woman. She looked the youngest of everyone in the room, but John had trouble looking at her. Her appearance shifted rapidly, flashing bright colours. He put a hand to his hand and breathed deeply, forcing her image to slow until her outline settled. She had short, spiky, turquoise hair, and was looking at him curiously. ‘Don’t call her Nymphadora,’ he mumbled, before Lupin opened his mouth.
John didn’t protest and they both went up to the dormitory, though neither of them could sleep for a long while.
They stopped walking and looked at the polished door that had appeared in the wall. Harry seized the handle and led the way into a spacious room lit with flickering torches.
‘Lovely,’ said Rita. ‘One more question, then. You seem to spend a lot of time with that Holmes boy, Sherlock. Are you two…?’
They both sat up straighter, all traces of humour wiped from their faces, and Dean hastily pulled the letter off the owl's leg, causing it to hoot reproachfully.
John rolled his eyes. ‘Stop it, Sherlock, not all of us have your memory. I’m sure most people would find it useful.’
'Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion,' said Harry. 'So maybe he was just, I dunno, really angry or something the night I had that detention.'
‘Weasley, we were just wondering,’ a malicious voice broke in. Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had walked up behind them. ‘D’you reckon if you saw someone snuff it you’d be able to see the Quaffle better?’
‘I wouldn’t be so sure about that. It’s not like Ilvermorny has Voldemort or one of his followers on campus every year,’ Dean said, only half joking.
He doubled over, a burning sensation spreading across all if his ribs and up to his shoulders. His vision shifted and it was suddenly dark. He was in a long corridor, and there was a loud hissing noise, but he couldn’t tell where it was coming from.
John got to his feet, his head swam and nausea rose in his throat. He put a hand down on the table and leant on it for a moment. Sherlock was soon at his side.
Umbridge walked them all the way up to Ravenclaw Tower and waited a few minutes after Cas went inside before escorting Dean to Gryffindor Tower.
‘Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwarts’s most celebrated Heads,’ Dumbledore said, sweeping around the desk and encouraging Fawkes from Sherlock’s shoulder to his arm. ‘Their renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other important wizarding institutions. As they are free to move between their own portraits, they can tell us what may be happening elsewhere.’
‘You can’t do that!’ Dean exclaimed. The only thing that kept him from leaping to his feet at that moment was Cas’s knee pressed against his.
John heard a timid voice first. ‘There is a little more in the bottle, my Lord, if you are still hungry.’ John shuddered as he recognised it as Peter Pettigrew, or Wormtail.
So these first few chapters are going to be a bit short, there's some small things I want to cover in them, but otherwise there's no need to go over so much from the book, I hope that's okay. As soon as we get back to Hogwarts, we'll start seeing some longer chapters.
'No, it was very good,' Sirius smiled. 'Anyway, we'd better be quick, just in case we're disturbed - your scar.'
This extended to the following morning, when she insisted everyone help her put up Christmas decorations. Harry had retreated even further into the house, hiding in Buckbeak’s room. He ignored Mrs Weasley’s call for lunch.
‘My grandmother went to Beauxbatons,’ Cas told them. ‘She used to say that the Palace of Beauxbatons was the most magical and beautiful place in the world. I hope to visit someday.’
‘Why wouldn’t it be? There are no more Skrewts.’ Despite his assurances to Sherlock, he wasn’t quite able to stomach more than a few mouthfuls of food.
‘Well, I had this idea,’ Sam said. ‘Professor Sprout said I need to challenge myself, and then Professor Flitwick said it might be good if I did a research project.’
It was Sherlock, and himself, only they were older. Sherlock was taller, and his hair had regrown over his face. Both of them were searching for something, but John couldn’t tell what.
It was fuzzy at first, and he was only able to make out Sherlock’s silhouette in a window somewhere. He took a few steadying breaths and waited. The scene sharpened a little and he distantly heard the sound of hooting and flapping.
'Yeah, no problem.' Sam went over to Madam Pomfrey to give her his list, and Cas put a hand on Dean's shoulder.
It was only another ten minutes before the kitchen door swung open and Mrs Weasley entered the room. She was extremely pale, but gave a wan smile when they all turned to look at her.
'Freedom is going to Dobby's head, sir,' said Winky sadly. 'Ideas above his station, sir. Can't get another position, sir.'
'Maybe I can skive Divination,' Harry said glumly, as they stood in the courtyard during lunch. 'I'll pretend to be ill and do Snape's essay instead, then I won't have to stay up half the night.
‘Not you – him!’ Moody growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the ferret. Moody started to limp towards Crabbe, Goyle and the ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, streaking towards the dungeons.
‘Crouch is going to let him out,’ Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. ‘He's done a deal with him. Took me six months to track him down, and a Crouch is going to let him go if he's got enough new names. Let's hear his information and throw him right back to the Dementors, I say.’
‘I’m not sure this is going to work, you know,’ Hermione said warningly. ‘I’m sure Dumbledore will have thought of this.’
Dean had Vanished most of his mouse. All that was left of it were a few quivering whiskers. John's, however, was still mostly visible, having only managed to Vanish its paws and tail.
'It's too big a risk not to.' Cas pushed himself up and took a deep breath. 'We should go. We have studying to do.' But Dean held out a hand and stopped him.
John, who was gazing into his crystal ball, shook his head. ‘I can’t see him. I don’t know where he is.’
‘Why did you have to go to Norway, anyway?’ John sniffed and wiped his face again, but slipped out of bed.
Sam was the first to crest the hill, and he looked back at Dean gleefully. ‘Who’s the bet now, huh, Dean?’ he gloated.
The barman glared at him for a moment, then, throwing down his rag irritably as though he had been interrupted in something very important, he started passing up dusty Butterbeers from under the bar.
‘It’s an evil, scaly baby that drinks snake venom, and he’s after Harry. Who else do you suppose it is?’
Cas took a step towards them, but Gabriel stopped him with a hand to the shoulder. Cas hesitated for a moment, then pulled away from Gabriel.
‘Nothing about anything currently makes sense.’ John massaged his throat. ‘Are you sure there’s nothing Cas can do about this?’
Ron and Harry were already up there, but the curtains were drawn, so John took the opportunity to join them in sleep.
Dean jumped out of his seat and sprinted back to Umbridge’s classroom. As he neared the door, he could hear shouting coming from the classroom.
‘I’m so sorry!’ Hermione gasped, as he sunk onto a bench, clenching his fist on one hand and holding his chest with the other. ‘I thought you were healed.’
Sherlock picked it up and opened it, then rolled his eyes and tossed it at Mycroft. ‘Friends of yours,’ he said.
Hermione rolled her eyes. 'Well, Cas is right, there isn't space, and how would we get so many people across the grounds without anyone noticing?'
‘He didn’t want to have to prove himself to anyone,’ Sherlock piped up. ‘Especially not to the likes of the Ministry.’
Eventually, the tables were filled, and Cas finally entered the Hall, scouring the ceiling before crossing the threshold. He carefully sat himself down next to Dean, and slowly helped himself to cereal.
The Hat became motionless once more; applause broke out, though it was punctured by muttering and whispers.
‘Ron, anti-Muggle security!’ said Mr Weasley, his face shining with anticipation. ‘When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors, I’ve seen them at it!’
John pressed a hand to his temple, a high-pitched whine coming from one corner, making his eyes water.
'Nah,' said Dean, throwing himself down in front of the fire. 'He had some super important organising to do in the hospital wing.'
Mr Weasley hurried them out of the lift and they ran through a dark corridor, then down a staircase until they came to a corridor that resembled Snape’s dungeons at Hogwarts.
Malfoy, who looked utterly humiliated, muttered something in which the words ‘my father’ were audible.
Then, a deep, booming gong sounded somewhere beyond the woods. Green and red lanterns blazed to life in the trees, lighting a path to the pitch.
'No, no, don't be. I get it.' Sam watched him sympathetically. 'Are you okay? Maybe you should take the day.'
‘I don’t want to hurt you,’ Cas mumbled. ‘I can’t stop my power from messing up my offensive spells.’
‘Oh, Arthur!’ he said desperately. ‘Thank goodness, I didn’t know what to do for the best, whether to wait for you here or not. I’ve just sent an owl to your home, but you’ve obviously missed it - an urgent message came ten minutes ago-’
John cried out and lost grip on the vision, gasping for breath. He could almost feel the bite himself, and there was an immense pressure in the same side Mr Weasley had been bitten. ‘He’s bleeding!’ John gasped, holding his side and crumpling up in his chair. He held on to the edge of the desk, but couldn’t bring himself to go back to Mr Weasley, unwilling to watch the life seep out of him.
‘Well.. that’s the plan, anyway,’ said Hermione. ‘If you want to join us, we need to decide how we’re going to-’
'Wiped out by the giants. My family is descended from the clan that lived in the Alps, on my mother's side. All gone now, though. It's only through people like me that we know they existed at all.'
Sam threw a bag over to Dean and he pulled out some thick, black material. He hung it over the entrance of the alcove, blocking the bed from view. ‘Okay, now what do you think?’
‘I’ll do what I can.’ Lupin left after grabbing a sandwich that was leftover from lunch and Dean sat back down, folding his arms tightly.
‘Let’s say next Wednesday night, then,’ said Harry, ‘and we can decide on future meetings then. Come on, we’d better get going.’
On the morning of the thirtieth of October, they all went down to find that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of them representing a Hogwarts house. There was a larger banner behind the teachers’ table that bore the Hogwarts coat of arms. John and Sherlock were the first down to breakfast.
‘Not sure,’ said the wizard. ‘We thought it was a normal chicken until it started breathing fire. Looks like a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me.’
Dean piled up a plate with easy to eat food, then pretended it was all for him so Cas could pick what he wanted off the plate. When he returned to the hospital wing, he found Hermione and Ginny sitting next to him.
‘Well, I thought it might help if you could do that if you got stuck in class or something. So I charmed this jar. I tested it, and I think it can take it, but I’m guessing your magic is a little different from regular wizards’ magic. So, why don’t you give it a try? And if it works, you can keep it with you, so you can let it out safely, until you can get to the Shrieking Shack.’
The opportunity arose when they were alone at lunch. Hermione had dragged Harry and Ron up to the library, Cas was helping in the hospital wing, providing potions both for calming nerves, and his own, highly effective Pepperup Potion.
Ministry wizards flooded onto the field to separate the Veela and the leprechauns, but with little success. Meanwhile, the Quaffle continued to change hands at the speed of a bullet.
'Me too. All right then, it's settled. If Dad asks, which he won't, we don't know anything about it, and we're not involved, got it?'
John hurried into the kitchen, closing the door behind him, and hiding them both behind the kitchen counter. He pointed his wand at the door, intending to lock it, but he couldn’t remember the spell.
'And now, please greet – the Irish National Quidditch Team!' Bagman yelled. 'Presenting – Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quiggley! Aaaaaand –
Mr Roberts’s eyes slid out of focus and a look of dreamy unconcern fell over his face. ‘A map of the campsite for you,’ he said placidly to Mr Weasley. ‘And your change.’
'Why he killed them? Well, that's no mystery, is it?' blustered Fudge. 'He was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing it all on You-Know-Who's instructions!'
Sherlock feel how unstable John was and, using what strength he could get from Castiel, held John’s mind with his own. ‘I’ve got you,’ he whispered. ‘Sleep.’
‘I can’t find him from here, and it’s like Mrs Weasley said, what are we meant to do if we get there and find defensive spells that we can’t get past?’ John pointed out.
They split into two teams and played a friendly match with each other, which ended with Cas against the rest of the team, all of them unsuccessful in trying to stop him from scoring. He did a victory lap of the pitch, and Roger looked very pleased.
‘Yes, Professor. Nothing’s broken or anything.’ He tried to get back to his work, but caught Ron glaring at him and sighed.
Cas didn’t participate in the Stunning practice, and sat on one of the cushions, staring into space while the rest of the group practiced on each other.
‘You were clutching your scar!’ said Trelawney. ‘You were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! Come now, Potter, I have experience in these matters!’
‘So… whoever conjured the Dark Mark…’ Hermione said slowly, ‘were they doing it to show support for the Death Eaters or scare them away?’
Tensions grew between the Gryffindors and the Slytherins the closer they got to the match, and the Quidditch pitch was booked so often by either team that the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs hardly ever got a chance to use it. The effect it had on Cas was clear. He became restless and anxious, and when October extinguished itself in a rush of howling wind and driving November rain, a heavy melancholy settled over him. He barely paid attention in class, stopped showing up for meals, and withdrew from most conversations. The only things that brought a smile to his face were his study sessions with Dean and the DA. It was all Dean could do to get him to practice at all, and despite the glass jar that Dean had given him, his disappearances from class were becoming more frequent. Dean tried to keep his spirits up, but his progress in Potions stalled, which worsened his mood.
'He was banned from the Hog's Head twenty years ago, and that batman's got a long memory. We lost Moody's spare Invisibility Cloak when Sturgis got arrested, so Dung's been dressing as a witch a lot lately… anyway…first of all, Ron, I've sworn to pass on a message from your mother.'
‘No,’ John mumbled, slurring slightly. ‘People will panic.’ He planted his feet more firmly on the ground and stumbled slowly on, keeping one hand pressed to his forehead and the other holding Sherlock’s arm.
The Hall buzzed with chatter, and John thought his head might actually explode, until Dumbledore spoke again and it died down.
Harry and Sirius disappeared into the pantry, and John considered going to bed, but he was very hungry.
‘Shut up,’ John snapped. ‘I’m only trying to help you, but if you’re insisting on being a reckless idiot, feel free to go back down to Katie Bell and pretending to do your homework.’
‘It’s not just that,’ Dean protested. ‘He didn’t take any of his stuff with him. Said he didn’t need it.’
Mr Diggory rolled his eyes. ‘Says he heard an intruder in his yard. Says they were creeping towards his house, but they were ambushed by his dustbins.’
‘Well, it’s like Hagrid said, they can look after themselves,’ said Hermione impatiently, ‘and I suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldn’t usually show them to us before NEWT level, but they
They just sat, staring at each other. Dean knew that if he moved or said something, Cas would bolt. He could see Cas’s legs twitching, so he held eye contact while he thought of something to do. Before he could though, there was a rustling of bushes ahead of them, and John and Sherlock burst into the alcove, kissing fiercely.
‘These will be good for when we’re practising Stunning,’ Dean said, prodding one of the cushions with his foot.
The ball was warm in his hands, full of energy. It felt almost eager to be used. John stared at it, watching the mist form shapes. It showed him the orbs again, the same ones from his vision, then it showed him Mycroft.
John kept an eye on the others as they were coaxed into the ward by the Healer that was looking after Lockhart, while Sherlock slowly sipped his tea. He winced as they bumped into Neville and his grandmother, visiting Mr and Mrs Longbottom for Christmas, and Neville stared at his shoes while his grandmother explained what happened. Soon it became too difficult for John to watch, so he turned his attention back to Mr and Mrs Weasley. Mrs Weasley was still shouting, so John watched her until she began to calm down, long after he’d finished his cup of tea. Eventually, Bill, Fred and George wandered out of the tearoom, and John and Sherlock followed after them.
‘Mum told Ron not to spread it around,’ said Fred, grinning at Harry. ‘She said you got enough attention as it was.’
'Obviously I received it, or I would have asked you what you were doing in my classroom,' said Professor McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Umbridge. 'As I was saying: today, we shall be practising the altogether more difficult Vanishment of mice. Now, the Vanishing Spell-'
‘You’ve got to be joking,’ Sherlock said, looking up. ‘You can’t possibly think we had anything to do with this?’
There was a terrified silence in the Entrance Hall. Nobody moved a muscle. Moody turned to look at Cas, at least, his normal eye was looking at Cas. The other was pointed into the back of his head. He reached out to touch the graze on Cas’s face, but Cas instinctively slapped it away. Cas’s eyes widened fearfully, then looked down at the floor. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said, voice barely louder than a whisper. ‘Please don’t touch me.’
Together they walked back to Sherlock’s house, where they found Melly waiting. This time, Sam did not object to her taking his things and went off to explore the house.
‘This’ll keep Madam Pomfrey happy,’ said Professor Sprout, stoppering the bottles. ‘An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne. Should stop students resorting to desperate measures to rid themselves of pimples.’
‘That gives you the right to inspect teachers and review the curriculum. It doesn’t give you the right to know students’ private medical information. It’s between us, Professor Dumbledore and Madam Pomfrey, and that’s all you need to know.’
Harry was getting the message to the Gryffindor Quidditch team at lunch, but Dean took a break from it, grabbed a sandwich, and took the stairs up to the second floor, two at a time, eager as he was to finally give Cas the glass jar. He got there first, and made himself sit down to wait, knee bouncing in anticipation.
‘It’s good, isn’t it?’ Luna said happily. ‘I wanted to have it chewing up a serpent to represent Slytherin, but there wasn’t time. Anyway… good luck, Ronald!’
‘It’s what You-Know-Who’s supporters called themselves,’ said Bill. ‘I think we saw what’s left of them tonight – the ones that managed to keep themselves out of Azkaban anyway.’
Dean had also been looking around the room for Cas, so Sherlock waved him over and they went up to Gabriel together.
They were plain by dress robes standards, all black, but the material was of good quality. The only problem was that they were far too big for Cas, clearly made for someone who much more built, as well a little shorter in the leg. They hung off him in odd places, but Dean could also see Cas's ankles.
Dean laughed at him. ‘Come on, help me get his stuff down there.’ He grabbed Cas’s bag and began stuffing his robes into it.
The next day’s Care of Magical Creatures lesson found them being led into the Forest by Hagrid, who was carrying what looked like half a dead cow.
None of the witches or wizards in the room seemed to have noticed two teenage boys drop into their midst
Sherlock shook his head. 'Whatever it was, it was extremely hot.' Sherlock put a hand to John's cheek. It was still blazing. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Rita Skeeter watching from a little way down the street, and her photographer discretely raised his camera.
‘Firstly, I am quite grateful to you both for your letter. I did not receive it in time to catch Voldemort himself, however there was much to be gained from visiting the old Riddle house.’
John shrugged. ‘He’s around somewhere.’ He speared a sausage with his fork and took small bites of it.
‘I believe you, Potter,’ said Professor McGonagall. ‘Put on your dressing gown, we’re going to see the Headmaster.’
Dean shook his head and was quiet for a moment. 'What would happen if you stopped trying to control it so much?'
‘Nice to meet you, Melly,’ said Dean. ‘You can help Sam with his trunk, but we should leave the tent outside.’
'A nightmare, I think,' Sherlock said. He pressed his hand against John's burning forehead. It was the same vision he'd had moments ago, but thankfully without the heat this time. 'Just a nightmare,' he confirmed.
Underneath the fresh wounds were countless scars, covering every inch of his exposed skin, and they could see the burn scar snaking all the way up his arm and shoulder.
Moody seemed totally indifferent to the less-than-warm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached into his travelling cloak, pulled out a hip-flask, and took a long draught from it. John suddenly got a strong taste of leather and cabbage in his mouth, which he tried to wash away with a swallow of pumpkin juice.
'Of course you can,' said Mrs Weasleys. She was completely white, but looked resolute. 'He knows what Fudge is. It's Arthur's fondness for Muggles that has held him back at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks he lacks proper wizarding pride.
‘All right, all right, just stop,’ John muttered, then grabbed Harry’s arm. He was immediately thrown back by the pain in Harry’s head. ‘It’s coming from his scar, I think.’
Harry's arm appeared on its own and looked as if it was floating in mid-air. John grabbed it and closed his eyes. The Task was the following Tuesday, so he attempted to focus on that. He felt more than he saw, and what he did see was too hazy for him to make out. It immediately began to hurt his head, but he forced himself to stay in it. Everything around him blazed with heat and he felt himself sweating, but waited, trying to see through.
Ron got to his feet and slammed the sliding compartment door so hard behind them that the glass shattered.
Fred and George scowled at him. Cedric looked slightly embarrassed. ‘Harry fell off his broom, Dad,’ he muttered. ‘It was an accident.’
'No marks again, then, Potter,' he said, emptying Harry's cauldron with a wave of his wand. 'You will write me an essay on the correct composition of this potion, indicating how and why you went wrong, to be handed in next lesson, do you understand?'
said Umbridge, employing the same silly cough she had used to interrupt Dumbledore on the first night of term. Professor McGonagall ignored her. Seamus handed Dean back his essay, and he frowned at the small 'P' in the corner.
‘I shouldn’t have told him!’ Harry said furiously. ‘I’ve made him think he’s got to come back, because he thinks I’m in trouble! And there’s nothing wrong with me!’
Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the Goblet carefully on top of it, where it was clearly visible to everyone.
Hermione had knocked over her goblet and pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, but Hermione paid no attention. ‘There are house-elves
John put one hand on Harry’s shoulder and thought back to when the Goblet was revealed, and watched Harry up until the feast. He then dropped his hands and slumped heavily. ‘Er – Harry went to bed after the feast last night and fell asleep around midnight. He woke up at eight this morning and spent the morning with Ron and Hermione, then the rest of the day with Hagrid. He didn’t put his name in.’
Moody grinned. ‘Well, help him practise for this one. Grab a Winchester or two, and I’ll be very surprised if he doesn’t win,’ he said. ‘Might be better to get some rest first,’ he added, looking at John. ‘In the meantime… constant vigilance, Potter. Constant vigilance…’
'It'll be good. We can talk at a normal volume here without Madam Pince tearing us a new one. I'll be right back.'
'Mr Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to remind you that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr Filch's office door.
‘Antidotes,’ said Snape, looking around at them all. ‘You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then we will be selecting someone on whom to test one…’
‘I suppose I’d better go…’ John went slowly, giving Sherlock one last chance, but tutted when he still wouldn’t say. He swung his bag onto his shoulder, but Sherlock caught his wrist before he could leave.
A sense of dread settled over Grimmauld Place as the end of the Christmas holidays approached. Umbridge could have pushed through any number of new Decrees in their absence, and Castiel's continued silence did nothing to improve the mood.
At the end of the month, Harry was called down to the Quidditch pitch with the rest of the champions, to find out what the final task would be.
‘What lessons?’ Cas asked curiously, knowing that Snape would never willingly give Harry extra lessons.
They stumbled along the edge of the Forest, guided by the light of Cas’s wand, until they came across a pair of feet. Cas held his wand higher, and cast the light over the Durmstrang champion Viktor Krum.
The leprechauns had flown into the air again, this time forming a giant hand that was making a very rude gesture across the pitch towards the Veela. At this, the Veela lost control. They launched themselves across the pitch, and began throwing what looked like handfuls of fire at the leprechauns. They didn't look remotely beautiful now, either. Their faces elongated into sharp, cruel-beaked bird heads, and long, scaly wings burst from their shoulders.
‘He’s healing slowly,’ she said briskly, ‘but he is healing. I’ve just changed his bandages again and the bleeding seems to be slowing.’
John took it and stared for a moment, then shook his head. 'He's hungry,' John said, giving it back to Sherlock. 'He didn't have dinner today.'
Dean started. He’d heard the stories about Professor Quirrell, of course, but it had all seemed so distant and unconnected to him at the time. Hearing it again now that he personally knew everyone involved was like a slap in the face.
The woman’s face relaxed into a gracious smile, and she walked towards Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Though tall himself, Dumbledore barely had to bend to kiss her hand.
Fortunately, the journey to St Mungo’s was quite quick as there was very little traffic on the roads. A small trickle of witches and wizards was creeping furtively up the otherwise deserted street to visit the hospital. Once they had all extricated themselves from the car, Mundungus drove it around the corner to wait for them.
‘These are so weird,’ Dean babbled, taking a bite of one. ‘We don’t have them at home, you know. They’re good though, I can’t stop eating them.’
Afterwards, the Weasley children, Harry and Hermione went outside to play Quidditch. Sam and Dean stayed inside, more than happy to help Mrs Weasley clean and cook lunch. Sherlock did not leave John’s side occasionally waking him to eat and drink.
‘You’re absolutely right, Professor,’ Sherlock said, in an overly cheery voice that made John cringe. ‘Would anyone else care to let John see what they did last night? Any volunteers?’ Sherlock spun around to get a good look at everyone. ‘Madame Maxime, perhaps? Or how about you, Professor Karakroff?’ A silence where everyone refused to meet his eyes followed. ‘No one? Really?’
Moody lowered his wand, and the pain John was feeling faded away. He slumped against his desk, quietly gasping for breath.
‘Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them, the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen from some of his other – er – charges.’
The dungeon dissolved once more, and they rose out of it, suddenly landing on their feet, and dazzled by Dumbledore’s sunlit office.
Dean stretched widely. ‘Well, as fun as that was,’ he said, getting up and walking around behind the sofa. ‘Where are you sleeping tonight?’ he asked Cas, leaning on the back of the sofa.
It took a moment for the emotions to filter through, since the note was not handwritten, but John put the letter down when he felt a certain instability from it. A vaguely threatening energy emanated from the rest of the letters, especially from the one Hermione was about to pick up.
Once inside Ollivander’s, John began to get excited. He hadn’t really believed that he was a wizard, but now that he was about to get his very own magic wand, it finally felt real.
‘Oh yeah, she’s charming all right,’ John grumbled, as Harriet put her heavily booted feet up on the table.
Herbology that day was strained, with Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch-Fletchley refusing to speak to Harry, even though they were re-potting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray.
‘I was thinking,’ said Hermione, frowning at Fred, ‘more of a name that didn’t tell everyone what we were up to, so we can refer to it safely outside meetings.’
John automatically picked up the pace, leading Harry and Mr Weasley out of the station, and matching step with the commuters around him. He was vaguely amused that they were now the ones struggling to keep up, neither of them having spent a lot of time in London. Mr Weasley told him which way to go, but John led the way until they were in a less crowded part of the city, then let Mr Weasley take over.
‘Of course I will,’ said Sherlock. He looked thoughtful for a moment, then unzipped John’s bag and pulled out the photo of his family.
The spider leapt from Moody’s hand on a fine thread of silk, and began to swing backwards and forwards. It stretched out its legs, then did a backflip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in circles. John watched it, feeling quite queasy. Everyone else was laughing at, but John didn’t find it remotely funny.
It was immediately apparent upon entering the Great Hall that Umbridge’s sign had not only appeared in Gryffindor Tower. There was a peculiar intensity about the chatter and an extra measure of movement in the Hall as people scurried up and down their tables conferring on what they had read.
'Yeah, yeah, get outta here,' Dean said, shooing the owl away. He ripped the letter open and eagerly began to read, with Sam reading over his shoulder. The further through the letter they read, the further their expressions dropped. Sam's eyebrows furrowed and Dean's face went completely blank but for a slight tightening around his lips. Then, without any warning, Dean screwed up the letter and slammed it down on the table.
‘We’re not chefs, but we are excellent assistants, right, Sam?’ said Dean, giving Mrs Weasley a dazzling smile.
'Not especially,' John shrugged. 'I keep dreaming about the Forest. I think something is going on with the centaurs, but I think I should stay away for now.'
‘A report for the Department of International Magical Co-operation,’ Percy said smugly. ‘We’re trying to standardise cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin – leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three percent a year.’
Transfiguration was easier for him, since he got to sit down. Professor McGonagall narrowed her eyes at Dean but, as with Professor Sprout, she didn’t say a word. All of the teachers must have heard about what happened by now, Dean thought.
Umbridge opened the door and made sure Dean and Cas were following her before closing the door again.
The Hallowe’en feast seemed to take much longer than usual. Perhaps because it was their second feast in two days, or perhaps because no one wanted to wait any longer for the champions to be revealed.
Ministry wizards were dashing from every direction towards the trouble and Mr Weasley tore after them.
In the time it took for Dean to read it, others began to notice it too, as they emerged from their dormitories.
'I just wanted to tell you that I've been around a lot of crazy stuff. You know, monsters, Demons, all that. I know dangerous when I see it, and there's not an ounce of it in you. Okay?'
Then Harry spoke up. ‘I wouldn’t have got past half the things in the maze without Dean’s help. Is that good enough for all of you?’
‘Yeah we practically lived in this thing before we moved here,’ Dean told them. ‘I definitely prefer Hogwarts.’
‘Everything all right, Arthur?’ asked Mrs Weasley after they had all greeted him and handed over their presents.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to hhhellcat, OtakuElf and HallowedBlock07 for the comments! See you again soon!
‘Some kind of venom.’ Madam Pomfrey ran over to her cabinet, pulling out a handful of different potions, then trying each of them. Nothing happened, and Cas continued to bleed everywhere.
‘Oh, er, I hadn’t really thought about it.’ He looked at the toad’s ugly face. ‘I think – I think I’ll call her Dolly,’ said John, imagining a little bow on her head.
Dean shook his head. 'It's just that I - I thought we'd be safe here,' he mumbled. 'I thought Sam would be safe here…'
‘They’re dead clever an’ useful,’ Hagrid said, chuckling. ‘’Course, this lot don’ get a lot o’ work, it’s mainly jus’ pullin’ the school carriages unless Dumbledore’s takin’ a long journey an’ don’ want ter Apparate - an’ here’s another couple, look-’
‘Okay, er, he’s got some sort of plan involving Harry and a servant at Hogwarts. He’s killed someone from the Ministry. Bertha Jorkins.’
Outside was chaos. In the e light of the few flickering fires that were still lit, they could see people running into the woods, away from something moving towards them on the other side of the campsite. Everyone else clambered out of their tents as well, and a blast of green light lit up what was approaching them.
Dean and Ron jumped on Neville as well, forcing him away from the Slytherins and back into the Gryffindor line.
John scanned the room for Gabriel to ask him instead, but couldn’t see him anywhere. ‘Isn’t the Head Boy supposed to be in here for meals?’
'This was the only way I could come up with of answering Harry's letter without resorting to code - and codes are breakable.'
It took a few more minutes for Cas to feel slightly better, but they had no more time to wait once everyone else started leaving the house.
They strolled casually up to a window that displayed a dummy wearing green nylon and, one by one, stepped through the glass.
‘Of course, Ludo. I’ll just go and find Harry and Rita.’ Dumbledore left again and everyone began to sit down.
‘We’ve got to go to St Mungo’s,’ Ginny said urgently, looking around her brother who were, of course, still in their pajamas. ‘Sirius, can you lend us cloaks or anything?’
John nodded and closed his eyes, bracing himself. First, he imagined the golden egg, the clue and only connection to the second task. He held an image of it in his mind and tried to follow it, but he jerked as he hit what felt like a wall.
‘It’s fine, I’m just here to help teach, I don’t mind if Harry’s the leader,’ said Dean, failing to ignore the smile still on Castiel’s face.
They got no further than a few steps, however, when they came across Cas and Gabriel, on their way to the hospital wing judging by the look on their faces, and they grey pallor to Cas’s skin.
‘I’m already soak-‘ He gasped as a large red water balloon dropped from the ceiling onto his head and exploded. Drenched and spluttering, John staggered sideways into Sherlock, lurching himout of the way of a second water balloon.
Cas then came into the room clutching several phials of potion. He was followed by the Winchesters and the majority of the Weaslys. He handed a purple potion to Sherlock and John. ‘This should help with the pain,’ he told them, then moved on. Bill was holding a bedsheet to one arm which was bleeding profusely. Charlie had a large rip in his shirt, and Percy was sporting a bloody nose.
‘And there’s a picture, Weasley!’ said Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding it up. ‘A picture of your parents outside your house – if you can call it a house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn’t she?’
Cas caught the slightly strained look on Dean's face. 'Go on, Sam. John will sleep until the morning now, you can come back then.'
said Dennis, as though nobody in their wildest dreams could hope for more than being thrown into a storm-tossed, fathoms-deep lake, and pushed out of it by a giant sea-monster.
Hermione gave each of the DA members a fake Galleon. ‘You see the numerals around the edge of the coins?’ she said, holding one up for examination. ‘On real Galleons that’s just a serial number referring to the goblin that cast the coin. On these fake coins, though, the numbers will change to reflect the time and date of the next meeting. The coins will get hot when the date changes, so if you’re carrying them in your pocket you’ll be able to feel them. We take one each, and when Harry sets the date of the next meeting he’ll change the numbers on
Dean quickly glanced around the room to make sure no one was eavesdropping. He was becoming more and more confident, and less embarrassed by his reading ability, but that didn’t mean he wanted everyone to know, so he lowered his voice. ‘So, uh, Cas has been helping me to read,’ he told her, ignoring her raised eyebrows. ‘He says I have… uh, what did he call it? Dyslexia, I think.’
It was odd to see him there, a little too tall and lightly touching the framed ties, with a small smile.
Sherlock couldn't hold on much longer, but he had one more question. 'Why - how could John see you tonight, if he was cursed?'
Then John noticed Sherlock’s tone of voice. He was still standing at the window, staring out of it with Dolly on his shoulder, looking extremely uncomfortable.
It was not at all like the Three Broomsticks, whose large bar gave the impression of cleanliness and warmth. The Hog’s Head bar comprised of one small, dingy and very dirty room that smelled strongly of goats. The bay windows were so encrusted with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room, which was lit instead with stubs of candles sitting on rough wooden tables. The floor seemed at first glance to be compressed earth, but it actually turned out to be stone beneath accumulated filth.
'Clearly you can,' Sam said, pointing at the paper and sending them both back into fits of laughter. 'Hey, look at that, someone's owl's late.'
He went back to his own bed and drew the curtains, but he knew the dread that weighed him down would not allow him to sleep.
Hermione pinned the piece of parchment with all their names on to the wall and wrote across it in large letters:
‘It’s like some sort of, I dunno… like some sort of rally,’ said Mr Roberts. They all seem to know each other. Like a big party.’
a Seer!' John insisted, pressing his hands to his temples. 'I'm a Seer, and I saw Voldemort and all his Death Eaters.
Dean handed it over, and for a moment nothing happened, then John cried out in agony, clutching his chest.
The spells stopped bouncing around and the wizards all lowered their wands. Mr Weasley and Mycroft came striding over to them.
‘Your father has been injured in the course of his work for the Order of the Phoenix,’ said Dumbledore before Harry or John could speak. ‘He has been taken to St Mungo’s hospital. I am sending you back to Sirius’s house, which is much more convenient for the hospital than The Burrow. You will meet your mother there.’
John nodded and tried to push past it, and to his surprise, felt it waver. It didn’t break, but he caught a glimpse of something dark and moving on the other side, before snapping back to himself.
‘The point?’ said Mr Weasley, with a hollow laugh. ‘Harry, that’s their idea of fun. Half the Muggle killings back when You-Know-Who was in power were done for fun. I suppose they had a few drinks tonight and couldn’t resist reminding us that lots of them are still at large. A nice little reunion for them,’ he said disgustedly.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to VegasGranny, OtakuElf, hhhellcat and Novak26 for the comments! See you again soon :)
Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of food, then put down her knife and fork and pushed it away.
'I don't know, I thought it was your job to work it out,' John grumbled. 'Should we tell Dumbledore?'
‘This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the year, taking up much of the teachers’ time and energy,’ Dumbledore continued. ‘But I am sure you will enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts-‘
He stormed down to Transfiguration, even though he’d already done the lesson that day, and pushed the door open harder than he intended, so it banged against the wall.
'You could,' said Dumbledore heavily. 'I attended it many times, but some trials come back to me more clearly than others… particularly now…'
‘Snape has been cleared by this council,’ said Crouch. ‘He has been vouched for by Albus Dumbledore.’
So sorry about the wait. Between job hunting and some family issues I've been struggling to find the time for this BUT I have a steady job now, so hopefully I'll be able to get back to more regular updates. Thank you all so much for your patience, and I'll see you all next time!
'You're less like your father than I thought,' Sirius said, a definite coolness in his voice. 'The risk would have been what made it fun for James.'
‘What d’you need three hours for?’ Ron asked, looking at her incredulously, before getting hit in the head once again, this time by George. 'Who are you going with?’ he yelled after her, but she only waved in response.
The door cracked open and Cas stumbled out, clutching his jar. It was glowing bright white and shaking violently in Cas’s hand. Cas himself was barely holding it together, and Dean knew without Cas saying anything that he would never make it all the way down to the Whomping Willow.
‘Shut up, Pig,’ said Ron, edging his way between two of the four beds that had been squeezed into the room. ‘John and Sherlock, you’re in here with us,’ Ron told them. ‘And I think Sam, Dean and Cas are downstairs with either Fred and George, or Bill and Charlie. I can’t remember which. Percy gets to keep his room all to himself because he’s got to
‘But how are we to be certain that they were, in fact, Death Eaters?’ Fudge said, his face beginning to turn red. ‘They could have been anyone.’
John passed his over first and the wizard dropped it on a strange brass instrument that was almost like a set of scales, only it had one dish instead of two. A narrow slip of parchment came out of a slot at the base of the instrument.
John shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat. ‘I see her. She’s floating in the air. I don’t know where it is, but there’s a fire. Wormtail is there and he’s holding Voldemort in his arms. Then it- then it gets a bit fuzzy. All I can really hear is – is her screaming and Voldemort laughing…’ He trailed off, cringing at the memory.
‘Quite right, too,’ Percy said indignantly. ‘Running away when he’d expressly told her not to, and embarrassing him in front of the whole Ministry. How would that have looked, if she’d been up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control-‘
Dean was first out of the door the next morning, then the first on board when Lupin flagged down the purple, triple decker Knight Bus. He spent the trip getting more and more agitated with every stop along the way, until they were dropped off outside the gates of Hogwarts.
'Looking for Cas. I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.' He waited impatiently for the map to reveal itself, then raked it for Cas's name, which he found racing across the grounds. 'Where's he going?' He watched Cas run down a passageway and off the edge of the map.
Dean wrote slowly, but for the first time felt no pressure to speed up as Cas watched him patiently.
‘First of all, I don’t hang out with Katie anymore,’ Dean said, folding his arms. ‘Second of all, my whole personality is being a reckless idiot, and that’s exactly how I like it, thank you.’
'She's central to all this, I know it,' Sherlock said, ignoring the echoing screams in his head from John.
‘Er… good stuff abou’ Thestrals,’ Hagrid said, trying to act as though he hadn’t heard Pansy’ answer. ‘Well, once they’re tamed like this lot, yeh’ll never be lost again. ‘Mazin’ sense o’ direction, jus’ tell ‘em where yeh want ter go-’
‘You’re not too shabby yourself, you know,’ Dean said to Cas, picking up his quill again. ‘Maybe you ought to give it a try.’
‘This is Amos Diggory, everyone,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘Works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know his son, Cedric?’
Cas struggled to move, but he managed to get all the way to the door next to the statue of a wizard wearing his gloves on the wrong hand, and said, ‘
Sherlock groaned, holding John’s hands. ‘You’re never any fun. What’s the harm, you hate Divination too.’
As a side note, I'm thinking of doing some kind of supernatural/game of thrones sort of thing, what do you guys think?
’We’ll fix it when we get home.’ He looked up as Fred and George came in, grinning. ‘How’s everyone doing? I heard what happened at the match.’
Umbridge examined them both, looked up at them with a raised eyebrow, then tore their notes to shreds. ‘These are clearly fake,’ she said.
Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in the far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore, carrying a wooden chest, encrusted with jewels. It looked extremely old.
‘It’s a real stroke of luck I heard about it,’ said Mr Diggory’s head. ‘I had to come into the office early to send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use of Magic lot all setting off – if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, Arthur-‘
‘So, you’ve got a cousin called Raphael, and your brothers are called Michael and Gabriel,’ said Dean, trying to keep up a conversation. ‘Y’all into your angels?’
Bill left the room, and Dumbledore turned to Professor McGonagall. 'Minerva, I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. Also - if she will consent to come - Madame Maxime.'
It became very obvious the next day that most of the students believe Harry entered himself in the Tournament. The Hufflepuffs in particular turned quite cold towards all of the Gryffindors, despite having previously been on good terms with them. All except Sam, Gabriel and Molly Hooper.
The rest of the week was quiet. They eventually received a note from Dumbledore that only said he wane to see them in person, and they were back at The Burrow for the last night of the holidays.
The final bars of the song played out, and the gathering applauded them. They began a faster, more upbeat song, and Dean was eager to join in, but a familiar face at the door to the Great Hall caught his eye. 'I'll be right back,’ he said in Katie's ear, and dashed over to the doors. As he thought, Castiel was outside, sneaking back towards the marble staircase.
‘It’s okay,’ Dean whispered reassuringly, before knocking on the door. ‘Hagrid, it’s us, let us in,’ he called as loudly as he dared.
‘Not that I know of,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘Yes, it’s a minute off, we’d better get ready. You just need to touch the Portkey, that’s all, a finger will do.’
Harry and Ron were still working when they came back up, but Hermione now seemed to be helping, and Cas settled at the table with them. Dean sat on the sofa with Sherlock and John, who both appeared to be sleeping soundly for once. Dean too allowed himself to doze off for a few minutes, to the sound of scratching quills. Hermione and Ron's voices eventually brought him round again.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to hhhelcat for the comment! I hope everyone's exams went well and I'll see you again next time!
The chains on the chair glowed suddenly, and snaked their way up Karkaroff’s arms, binding him there.
‘You will notice,’ said Snape, ‘that we have a guest with us today.’ He gestured towards the dim corner of the dungeon, and they saw Umbridge sitting there with her clipboard on her knee.
Trelawney waved her wand and the lamps went out. She bent down and lifted up a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing; each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all of them hanging in thin air beneath the glass.
John continued to hover by the door, but Bagman just wandered over to Fleur and Cedric. John was just considering going over himself, when the door opened and in came Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime and Mr Ollivander, the wandmaker. They all walked past him without seeing him, and started talking with Bagman.
Cas had to take several breaks as they made their way to lunch, and neither of them saw Hermione running towards them in the Great Hall before she flung her arms around Cas.
John made himself and Sherlock a strong cup of tea, and sat next to him, blocking him from Fred and George’s view.
‘I’ll watch him,’ John mumbled, grabbing the nearest Weasley, which turned out to be Ron, and watched Mr Weasley through him.
'She says on no account whatsoever are you to take part in an illegal Defence Against the Dark Arts group. She says you'll be expelled for sure and your future will be ruined. She says there'll be plenty of time to learn how to defend yourself later and that you are too young to be worrying about that right now. She also advised the rest of you not to proceed with the group, though she accepts she has no authority over any of you, and simply begs you to remember she has your best interests at heart. She would have written all this to you, but if the owl had been intercepted you'd all have been in real trouble, and she can't say it for herself because she's on duty tonight.'
'I will ask you not to speak of my students in that way,' Dumbledore said coldly, 'or I'm afraid I will have to ask you to leave.'
‘What – what are you doing?’ said McGonagall, her eyes following the ferret’s progress through the air.
‘Of course I do,’ Hermione said at once. ‘But more than that, I want to be properly trained in defence because… because…’ she took a great breath and finished, ‘because Lord Voldemort is back.’
‘Couldn’t do me a brew, I suppose?’ Bagman said cheerfully. ‘I’m keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite’s been making difficulties, and I can’t understand a word he’s saying. Barty’ll be able to sort it out. He speaks about a hundred and fifty languages.’
he hissed. 'Not now. Let's go and finish your essay.' He walked away from the table and Dean scrambled to follow him.
John chewed thoughtfully. ‘Maybe I could…’ He looked over at Gabriel and concentrated. As he watched, time slowed and then began to speed backwards. He watched Gabriel through his classes, the feast the night before, and onto the Hogwarts Express. The further back they went, the darker it got, until they reached King’s Cross and it was pitch dark. He couldn’t see anything beyond that.
The speed of the players was incredible. The Chasers were throwing the Quaffle around so fast that Bagman only had time to say their names.
‘I reckon you’ll be all right with Gobstones,’ Ron said behind them, making them both jump. ‘I don’t reckon we’ll be so lucky,’ he said to Harry and Dean, as the second-year hurried away.
Harry looked up at her helplessly, her back turned to him. Then Grace, Castiel’s black barn owl, flew down and sat on the windowsill. After a moment of staring at her, she lifted up her leg as if to say, ‘I’m obviously trying to help you.’
miss me.' Everyone turned to their beds, full and sleepy from the feast, and Dean crouched beside John's bed. 'You need some help with that?' he said in amusement.
‘The Goblet is almost ready to make its decision,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions’ names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber-’ He indicated the door behind the staff table, ‘- where they will be receiving their first instructions.’
‘Unfortunately not,’ Dumbledore admitted. ‘I have never seen the like of it before, though in all truth, I have not encountered a Seer like John before either.’
Dumbledore took a jug and goblets from a shelf and placed them on the desk. He conjured a stream of water from the tip of his wand into the jug.
Inside, an antient armchair was facing the warm fire, and Nagini was curling up on the rug at the foot of the chair.
'Not that good,' said Harry. 'The Ministry's forced through another decree, which means we're not allowed Quidditch teams-'
‘No, it’s not that,’ said Moody, ‘it’s just that Potter and Watson want a word with you, Dumbledore. They’re just outside the door.’
‘The-the Quidditch World Cup, my Lord?’ Wormtail stammered. ‘Forgive me, but – I do not understand – why should we wait until the World Cup is over?’
Oseus smiled at them. ‘You are both always welcome here, of course, and you may return if you ever need anything, but it is time to go back to the castle. You both need sleep.’
John sat uncomfortably as he stared at the model. He could feel it coming, but allowed it to wash over him. Trelawney’s classroom was one of the few places he felt comfortable having visions, but he could already tell that this one was big.
There was an Albus Dumbledore on their right, watching Crouch’s son being dragged away by the Dementors - and there was an Albus Dumbledore on their left, looking right at them.
‘Ton-Tongue Toffee,’ Fred said brightly. ‘George and I invented them. ‘We’ve been looking for someone to test them all summer…’
Her eyes swept the cabin and landed on Cas and Dean. ‘What are you two doing out here?’ she asked incredulously.
‘Okay. It was big and old, like a manor house, but it wasn’t looked after. There was ivy and stuff all over it, and a few of the windows were broken.’
Then Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr Weasley, looking breathless and disorientated. He span on the spot, staring up the emerald green skull. ‘The Dark Mark!’ he panted, almost trampling on Winky. ‘Who did it? Did you get them? Barty! What’s going on?’
‘He’s supposed to work out the clue on his own,’ Hermione said swiftly. ‘It’s in the Tournament rules…’
'Wait, wait, I don't know if I can do that,' Dean said nervously. 'I mean, sure I have experience, but I've never killed a Basilisk or anything, that's pretty cool, how did you even do that?'
‘Due process?’ said Mycroft. ‘Since when was dragging a fifteen year-old boy before the entire Wizengamot, for something so trivial as a bit of underage magic, due process?’
Dean’s stomach sank, but he shook it off. ‘It’s fine, come on,’ he said bracingly, helping Cas up off the bench and grabbing his bag.
'You know what, I'm not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me,' Ron smirked. 'Let's think… First year, you saved the Philosopher's Stone from You-Know-Who.'
‘I’m grateful for that, I suppose,’ John mumbled, eyes closed. The nausea that had been plaguing him finally began to dissipate, now that he had removed himself from the trigger.
Hermione continued to receive hate mail every day. She threw most of them away, but there was nothing she could do about the Howlers that exploded at the table. This unfortunately had the added effect of, once again, driving Castiel away from the Hall.
Dean sat up groggily, having completely forgotten that it was Christmas, and found a sizable pile at the foot of his bed. He didn’t have much interest in any of them, however, when he saw that the one on top of the pile was the one he’d sent to Cas, returned unopened. He picked it up and sighed, stuffing it out of sight.
There was silence for a moment, then Bill said, ‘Well, it didn’t help us tonight, whoever conjured it. It scared the Death Eaters away the moment they saw it. They all Disapparated before we’d got near enough to unmask any of them. We caught the Robertses before they hit the ground, though. They’re having their memories modified right now.’
Dumbledore continued pacing. Every now and then, he placed his wand tip to his temple, removed a shining silver thought, and added it to the Pensieve.
As Mullet shot towards the goalposts, the Bulgarian Keeper flew out to meet her. Whatever happened was over too quickly to see properly, but a whistle from Mostafa told them it was a foul.
Dennis’s guess was closer. As the giant black shape flew over the Forest, the light from the castle windows hit it, and revealed it to be a gigantic, powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house.
Sherlock then came up with a hefty bag in his hands. ‘What’s going on?’ he said, putting the bag on the counter.
'We should be fine, thank you, Hagrid,' Cas said, taking charge of the situation. 'We don't all have to go,' he added.
‘A week, perhaps longer. The place is moderately comfortable, and the plan cannot proceed yet. It would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup is over.’
‘I thought Mr Bagman was Head of Magical Games and Sports?’ said Ginny, looking surprised. ‘He should know better than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles, shouldn’t he?’
'No,' Cas murmured. 'None of this is your fault. You couldn't possibly have known what would happen.'
She began with 'Abercrombie, Euan!' who came to Gryffindor, and ended with 'Zeller, Rose!' who went to Hufflepuff.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. ‘I’m just- I don’t know… I’m the only one with this kind of power…’
She made as though to sweep back to her chair, saw Umbridge sitting right beside it, and veered left towards Parvati and Lavender.
Meanwhile, John was focusing so much on trying to appear normal that he was paying no attention to his vision at all. All he could see was another version of the Great Hall, only darker. There were many faces around, and they all seemed completely shocked. He jerked away and flashed back to the current Great Hall, and shielded his eyes from the sudden brightness. He jumped as a hand touched his shoulder. ‘Hermione,’ he murmured.
They finished their ice-creams and began gathering their things. John looked up and snorted. ‘Sherlock, you – you’ve got ice-cream on your nose,’ he laughed. He leaned forward to wipe it off, grinning.
'And now,' roared Bagman's voice, 'kindly put your wands in the air… for the Irish National Team Mascots!'
'We wondered who that was for,' Ron muttered, nodding at the extra bed that had been squeezed into the room.
he thought. Then one of Trelawney’s candles went out. The smoke curled up to the ceiling and briefly looked like two people dancing.
‘Where are you staying tonight?’ Dean hesitantly laced his fingers through Cas’s, and his heart thumped when Cas squeezed his hand reassuringly.
'She campaigned to have merpeople rounded up and tagged last year too. Imagine wasting your time and energy persecuting merpeople with toerags like Kreacher on the loose.'
‘Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff,’ said Dumbledore. ‘His student has been attacked. When you've done that, kindly alert Professor Moody-’
‘No, no, it’s not about the toilet, they’ve changed the time and the venue of the hearings today - the Potter boy’s one starts at eight o’clock now and it’s down in old Courtroom Ten-’
Dean shielded his eyes, momentarily dazzled by Cas’s unusually strong charm. ‘It came from around here, somewhere,’ Dean muttered.
Justin Finch-Fletchley whistled; the Creevey brothers exchanged awestruck looks and Lavender Brown said ‘Wow!’ softly.
Harry rounded on Hermione as people began rummaging in their robes for coins. ‘What have you been telling them?’ he hissed. ‘What are they expecting?’
Luna came first. ‘These are nice,’ she said, looking around at what remained of the decorations, ‘did you put them up?’
'Well, better expelled and able to defend yourselves than sitting safely in school without a clue. How are you organising this group anyway? Where are you meeting?'
‘Well, at least you’re listening with something. You certainly don’t do that with your ears,’ John teased.
The Great Hall was its usual splendid self, with golden plates and goblets set out along the four house tables and the staff table, and hundreds of floating candles lit the room.
‘Well, obviously, she’s feeling very sad, because of Cedric dying. Then I expect she’s feeling confused because she liked Cedric and now she likes Harry, and she can’t work out who she likes best. Then she’ll be feeling guilty, thinking it’s an insult to Cedric’s memory to be kissing Harry at all, and she’ll be worrying what everyone else might say about her if she starts going out with Harry. And she probably can’t work out what her feelings towards Harry are, anyway, because he was the one who was with Cedric when he died, so that’s all very mixed up and painful. Oh, and she’s afraid she’s going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because she’s been flying so badly.’
‘Right,’ Harry said, when she sat down again, ‘shall we get practising, then? The first thing we should do is
'I hear you locked Professor Umbridge in her classroom,' Dumbledore said, staring sternly over his half moon glasses.
‘How is that supposed to prove anything?’ Snape sneered. ‘Potter and Watson are good friends, they could easily be covering for each other.’
Hermione sighed. ‘Get better soon, all right?’ she said to Cas, then let Ginny lead her out of the room.
'I know you have questions,' Cas whispered as they approached the library, 'but I really don't want to talk about it.'
‘Help!’ Dean yelled, pulling Cas to the nearest bed and pushing him onto it, leaving a long smear of blood between the two.
Ron slept in the room all the way at the top of the stairs, and it was covered in posters of the Chudley Cannons Quidditch Team. There was a fish tank in the window-sill that contained a large frog, and the tiny, grey owl that Sirius had given him was hopping around inside his cage, hooting madly.
‘Rest assured, Madame, that this is not a reflection upon our Ministry,’ said Mr Crouch, glaring daggers at John. ‘We knew nothing of this.’
‘Is it ‘cause we had to stop DA meetings?’ Dean asked. Most of the members were going home for Christmas, so there wouldn’t be any meetings over the holidays.
They did all start making their way up to the castle, however, and John was grateful to be in the warmth.
‘So they’re still in bed?’ Fred said grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge towards him. ‘Why can’t we Apparate too?’
Cas looped a few times, sailing through the air, but he tired quickly, and was soon back on solid ground.
'Besides that, Harry's already missed History of Magic today, and I don't think he ought to miss anything else today.'
But then the lessons started and Professor Sprout showed them the ugliest plants they’d ever seen. They looked less like plants and more like giant, thick black slugs, protruding vertically out of the soil. Each was squirming slightly, and had a number of large, shiny swellings that appeared to be full of liquid.
'Wild!' he said, twiddling the replay knob on the side. 'I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again… and again… and again…'
Dean had to rely on his book again to finish his potion. He still couldn’t read what was on the board, so he couldn’t tell if he was following Snape’s instructions well enough, but it seemed to match what the book said it should look like, so Dean continued uneasily.
Dean rubbed his eyes and Cas's face swam into view. 'What the hell was that?' he asked, sitting up to look at Cas's guilty expression. 'Was that you?'
John did not return to Gryffindor Tower that night, and Sherlock found him the next morning, curled into a ball at the base of a tree not far into the Forest. He was asleep, but shivering violently, and snapped awake when Sherlock touched him.
‘Awesome. Well, you can keep that, I figure you can keep it in your bag, or if you put an Undetectable Extension Charm on your pocket, it’ll fit in there, and you can have it whenever you need.’
‘You’re eating again, I notice,’ said Ron, watching Hermione add liberal amounts of jam to his buttered toast.
‘Weasley, you ought to come too,’ said Professor McGonagall, and the three of them left the dormitory in ringing silence.
During their next Charms class, John and Harry were sitting together, neither of them feeling particularly like practising their Summoning Charm. The last few days had been miserable, with both of them receiving nasty looks and comments from students in all three houses. John had hoped they would get at least a little leniency from the Ravenclaws, but they too were convinced that the two of them must have cheated. This made Ron’s refusal to accept the truth that much more painful.
'I think you were being blocked again,' Sherlock said. 'Whoever is doing this doesn't want you to help Harry.'
‘Thanks, Mrs Weasley,’ John mumbled, sinking faintly into a chair. He struggled to pick up his fork, but felt much better as soon as he managed to eat something.
Hagrid grinned broadly. ‘On’y just hatched,’ he said proudly, ‘so yeh’ll be able ter raise ‘em yerselves. Thought we’d make a project of it!’
Lastly, don't forget to follow me on twitter. I mostly post updates for my Destiel fics on there, so check it out if you're interested.
she screamed. ‘I don’t know anything else.’ She began sobbing uncontrollably. ‘Please let me go. That’s all I know.’
Okay guys, really sorry for the long wait, I'm still kinda sick, so I've not been writing as much. I got my very own assistance dog, in fact! I do eventually want to increase my posting frequency to what it was, but I can't make any promises. Thanks so much for being so patient with me if you're still here! I hope I see you again soon.
Melly emerged from the kitchen with a note in her hands. ‘Master Sherlock, an owl came while you were out.’
‘Interesting,’ Sam nodded, writing more notes. ‘Okay, I’ll rephrase the question: When did you first notice the symptoms, and more specifically, when did you realise they were connected?’
Dean let out a breath and gripped the edge of the bed to keep himself steady. ‘That’s good,’ he said weakly, his hands shaking. ‘I - uh - I’d better go tell them…’ He walked out of the hospital wing, his heart still racing, pumping adrenaline around his body.
He came back to them, red in the face. ‘I’m going with Parvati, you’re going with her sister Padma,’ he said to Ron.
John let him take the lead, and was surprised to find that Sherlock was indeed a good dancer. ‘Where did you learn to dance?’ John asked, looking up at him.
Cas nodded and picked up a bunch of grapes to eat, without Dean's prompting, though he dropped it when Angelina Johnson shouted at Harry for once again getting detention with Umbridge.
Sagittarius reappeared, but was almost fully obscured by Mars growing larger and larger. He felt a slight shock up his arm, and saw Sherlock stumble into Cas’s Shield Charm in Herbology, but then everything went dark, with a slight orange flicker.
‘We’re workin’ in here today!’ he told them happily. ‘Bit more sheltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark.’
A similar sensation to when he’d seen the Dark Mark hit John like a freight train, only with more pain than fear. His mouth opened but he was in too much pain for any sound to come out. His fists clenched on the desk and all his muscles tightened. Then he heard Hermione’s voice, as if she was speaking from a great distance.
He packed some things into his rucksack as well, including his crystal ball, so that he could get to is easily. He tried not to be too embarrassed when Sherlock found small things he’d kept that reminded him of Sherlock, but it was difficult when Sherlock smirked every time.
‘You have no wife,’ said Voldemort. ‘Nobody knows you are here. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for he knows… he always knows…’
Cas held it in his hand and stared at it. ‘Thank you, Dean,’ he said quietly, before finally tucking it away in his bag. ‘I have something for you too.’
Suddenly a jet of green light shot through John’s chest, freezing him from the inside. It hit Bertha and her sobbing ceased, then John was thrown from the vision, back into Dumbledore’s office. He gasped at the sudden change, and clutched at his chest with both hands. Sherlock tried to give him some water, but he swatted it away. ‘No,’ he said. ‘Too-too cold.’ He wrapped his arms around himself. ‘She-she told them about the Triwizard Tournament,’ he said to Dumbledore. ‘I couldn’t – I couldn’t see anything else.’ His teeth chattered.
'Harry,' she said timidly, 'don't you see? This is exactly why we need you. We need to know what it's like facing him… facing V-Voldemort.'
‘Molly, please listen to me for a moment,’ he said, holding up a hand. ‘Harry has been through a terrible ordeal tonight. He has just had to relive it for me. What he needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If he would like you all to stay with him, you may do so, but I do not want you questioning him until he is ready to answer, and certainly no this evening.’
‘No!’ cried McGonagall, running down the stairs and pulling out her wand. A moment later, Malfoy reappeared with a loud popping sound, lying in a heap on the floor. He got to his feet, wincing.
Harry and John moved closer to him, and he waved a long, thin golden rod over them, passing it up and down.
The voice said ‘Department of Mysteries’, and whatever had hold of John let go, leaving spluttering and gasping, but there was no time to catch his breath.
Not for the first time since he’d been home, his thoughts turned to Harry, and then to Voldemort. His head spun as all his visions came back to him, and he stopped walking so he wouldn’t vomit into his neighbour’s hydrangeas. They had an idea of some of his plans, but what was he doing now, at that very moment, John didn’t know. He tried to look, but only got as far as Wormtail, before he was forced to abandon it and sink to the floor. He got the impression that Sherlock wanted him to rest, but instead he turned to check on the others.
'No, no, I'm not talking about Lupin,' said Hermione. 'He's too busy with the Order and, anyway, the most we could see him is during Hogsmeade weekends and that's not nearly often enough.'
Cas bit his lip but nodded. He took a deep breath and slowly swung his legs over the side of the bed. He planted his feet on the ground and stood, hissing through his teeth. He swayed slightly, but grabbed hold of Dean to keep himself steady.
Dean uneasily checked his watch, unwilling to get Cas out of bed before he was ready, but he knew Cas wouldn’t want to be late to lessons.
Ron stood and held them up to himself. They were barely recognisable and Ron grinned at Dean. ‘Thanks!’
Oh, and I'm only just learning French, so it's still a little shaky. Feel free to correct any mistakes if you notice them.
'Well, it was better than the Three Broomsticks!' Hermione said defensively. 'That's always packed with people -'
‘Oh, it was my pleasure, dears,’ said Mrs Weasley. ‘I’d invite you over for Christmas, but… well, I expect you’ll want to stay at Hogwarts, what with… one thing or another.’
‘You invented something?’ Sherlock asked Fred, while Bill and Charlie introduced themselves to Harry.
Anna pulled away and they both suddenly looked very solemn. It only lasted a moment before it was replaced with friendly smiles.
Dean dismounted and stumbled away. He doubled over, hands on his shaking knees. 'Whew, that was high,' he puffed. 'Kinda lame you had to do it for me, though.'
He pulled out the empty jar and placed it on a table in front of him. After casting an Unbreakable Charm, he threw every spell he could think of on it, until he was satisfied that it really wouldn’t break. He carried it around with him the rest of the day, hoping to give it to Cas at dinner, but Cas didn’t appear. Dean badly wanted to go and find him, but he knew that Cas must be feeling really bad if he went as far as to ask for a break from studying, so he reluctantly climbed up to Gryffindor Tower instead. It was quieter than usual, since the Gryffindor Quidditch team were down at practice. Dean laid out his homework on a table near the window, but found himself struggling. He bit his lip and looked around the room for inspiration. His gaze landed on Hermione.
