In one quick motion she grabbed the knife from deans fingers & quickly stabbed him in his stomach chuckling.”whats the matter dean dont want to play anymore?” she said sadistically.
“great, whats not to love? I have everybody here,mom and dad are down the street from me,Sammy to the left of me,bobby heres too."along side everyone else. And then theres you." I'm glad you made it here cas,theres something I think we need to discuss a little later on,yanno about what you said.” Dean said turning away to take a big sip from his beer again.
Castiel heard the loud ringing of his cell phone ringing in his pocket. Quickly jumping into his BMW, he slipped his phone in the phone case on top of his dash board responding”Hello?” as he shut his door & started up his car engine waiting to hear the other persons response on the other line.
“Cas,its so good to see you.What the hell happened last I saw you. You were sucked up by the empty.” Dean said hugging castiel a bit to long before pulling away.
Without a second thought castiel took his keys out the engine & flew over to deans house reappearing in front of the blink of jacks eyes.
"About what? I told you.I'm ok.Cas. let..it..go." Dean barked out sharply glaring at the older man in front of him.Dean didn't mean to snap at him it's just he wasn't ready to face what was going on with him and Castiel.. so he tried his best to bury it and ignore it as long as he could. But everyday it kept getting more difficult especially with the build-up tension around them in their atmosphere.
The person from behind him chuckled before dean felt a hot breath on his earlope sucking on his ear lightly before grabbing dean by his throat holding him in place.”no but it is fun to watch you squirm.” the older man chuckled.
Cas rolled his eyes & groaned lowly as he slowly started picking items up & deans clothes off the floor & placing everything back in its rightful spot.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows in confusion before speaking.”No dean.i-i need you to truly know why i sacrificed myself. It wasnt to leave you & sammy or even jack.” it was to save you,dont you get it? Everything ive ever done was to protect you. I rebelled against the angels multiple times. I faught heaven.hell.the devil,the leviathan's.everything, I've ever done.. I did all of it for you.”
“hello dean.” Cas smiled warmly up at the older man.”yeah jack was able to pull me out, said I could help him in heaven and with all this.” He justered all around them.
Castiel swallowed thickly before responding "I'm still trying to figure that out Jack said they were able to cross over the barrier he put up with the gates so I'm waiting to hear back from him but in the meantime are you okay really?" Castiel asked his voice filled with concern.
Ellen watched him carefully before speaking”what happened? You  never just visit me randomly dean.”
Cas sighed & waited. after 10 mins,he became antsy with panic about whether or not Dean was in pain or not. His whole body kicked into overdrive. He started pacing around the bedroom seeing it as a destroyed just as dean had left it.
He couldn’t understand why cas would leave him like he did. In Dean's lifetime he's gotten used to losing everybody he's ever gotten close with. But this was different. Cas was truly dead there was no loophole to get him out of it. Dean felt his heart crumble into a million pieces after castiel died. Dean didn’t know how to cope. He lost somebody that meant the absolute world to him in a second & there was nothing he could do to bring cas back.
Castiel looked down sighing deeply."dean,i love you. please, let me help you..." he said quietly as he slowly stepped closer towards dean.
"i'm sorry dean,let me see your hand please,i can heal you." castiel said stepping closer into the Winchesters personal bubble.reaching out to touch his fingers.
Ruby glared at him punching him hard in his face.
Once they safely make it back to deans house. Dean had went & jumped in the shower while castiel had found himself busy as he waited around for the older winchester just to make sure he’s 100% ok.also just to make sure in case anyone had followed them back. Now things were a little different since sam had his child,he was out of action. Cas just hopes sooner or later they could put their old hunting job to rest.
“Thanks cas..”dean says smiling softly at the blue eyed angel. Who yet again always came to his rescue.
Dean didnt even have to turn around to know that castiel was following him. Castiel always followed dean. Even in death.He had heard cas’s shuffled feet following behind. But dean couldnt look him in his face.. not just yet. He needed his ice cold beer to swallow some of his mixed rambled thoughts running through his mind a mile a second.
Dean looked down at his hands before speaking” yeah i did with a women.its different with a guy, i’ve never felt this way about anyone. That what scares me.”
“Come on sweetheart why dont you come out and play aye? He's all fresh & taste so good.” ben said grinning as he licked his fingers that was covered in some of deans blood from holding onto his throat.
Sam just hummed as he nodded.”i trust you cas, & i’ll be here waiting for you two, just be safe cause even though we’re all dead doesnt mean we dont still feel pain.” sam smiled softly up at cas as he made his way over to deans desk sitting down in deans big leather office chair.
__________________________________
He jumped into the drivers seat starting up his engine & turned up his radio before quickly pulling out the parking lot & speeding down the rocky roads towards ellens house.
“Damn it cas, why did you have to say that to me before you died? That’s all i been thinking about.” dean blurred out as he threw his jacket off on the couch he passed by as he made his way into his kitchen. Dean had grumpily dragged his feet across the old black & white tiles. He opened the fridge & grabbed two beers placing cas’s beer on the countertop beside him. Dean was so angry at Castiel for doing this.
Ellen cut him off quickly “dean i’ve known you since you were a kid, i know you more then you know,& i know you’re scared of the unknown but i know you love him, you two can finally be happy together away from this life why not take that? Thats what you’ve always wanted.”
Dean flicked his eyes open slowly groaning as he tried to move but found he was bound tightly around a metal chair. he groaned .”aw come on after everything i’ve been through you really think this will do anything?” he yelled hoping whatever or whoever took him would hear him.
Hearing castiel say deans name after so long & seeing him look at him with so much love,pulled dean out of his zone like state. He took a long swig of his beer-to clear up his dry throat which suddenly he had felt like he was suffocating from. “Yeah, its all good man,i understand. You don’t have to explain anything to me.” dean blurred out without thinking.
Jo smiled as she placed a beer glass in front of castiel before saying”seems like you need one.” She grinned before walking back down behind the counter to help another customer.
“Who said i’m running? I’m just collecting myself. But your right you shouldnt be involved in my business.” dean said sharpy as he finished off another beer slamming the glass down on the table before standing & grabbing his jacket off the backend of the barstool & storms outside towards his baby.
after a few minutes of waiting Dean arrived back sitting besides Castiel with a grin on his face "well that was hell". Dean said as he opened up his beer bottle placing the empty top on the table top.
Dean didnt know how to face this. he knew sooner or later he'd have to- but right now drowning out into his misery through his beer felt like a better option. he didnt have to feel anything Expect the wonderful cripsy taste of his ice cold beer running down his throat. he was drunk by the time he finished off his 13th beer or was it 17th? dean couldn't remember. he drunkenly made his way into his bed & fell asleep quickly his mind still racing with thoughts of castiel. sometimes even alcohol cant numb our problems. but this was a start for dean.
There was nobody to save. Dean could finally have the life he always truly wanted. A free demon supernatural life. He could marry a beautiful women. Have a few kids & just live a safe peaceful life without having to worry about losing them or worry about his brother dying from some unknown creature that had found him in the hidden darkness of the night. Or maybe he could marry a blue eyed dark hair tall handsome man who he’s been head over heels in love with since he met him.....but that was something for another time. Right now dean had to face all the problems he had been running from since castiel died. He had nowhere to run- Castiel’s deep ocean blue eyes had looked at deans greens orbs intensely before speaking.
Castiel stood there for a few moments letting dean have a go at him. he knew he deserved this. he knew this man was right. maybe at that time when they were conquered & lost all hope cas didnt see it the same way as dean. but he doesn't regret his decision to save deans life. he never will.
Dean smiled “well good,atleast we could all be together now, yanno sam’s here too? He’s back at his house with Eileen, they got a son now.” Dean said as he walked back over to the barstool chair sitting down once more and ordering another round of beer.
Ellen stood up from her couch pulling dean into a hug “now go get your man dean” she said giggling.
After a few minutes of cleaning Cas froze as he heard footsteps coming up the stairs to Dean's room. he held one of deans shirts in his hand crumbled into his chest inhaling his scent before placing it overtop the bed he had made.
Dean groaned looking down as he rolled his eyes “look i’d really love a history lesson here rubys,but heres the thing i could care less,you were a evil stuck up barbie who tortured me & my brother for years then turned on us when daddy came to visit & as for ben i know thats not my friend ben cause guess what princess?"i torched his bones, so whatever sick fuck you have pretending to be ben,well he’s just that. and when I get out of here" dean looked sternly at Ruby eyeing her intensely"& I will get out of here.& I will make sure you're actually stay dead this time"
Dean chuckled lightly.”okay. Thanks.” he said grabbing his coat from the back of the couch & slipping it on. He walked with ellen to her front door thanking her one more time before heading out towards his babies.
“Fucking ruby,who else? Shes got a sidekick pretending to be ben,come on lets just get out of here before they come back i’m really not in the mood to fight right now.” dean said softly.
“I cant,i make the rules cas,i cant interfere with other peoples troubles,i’m sorry." but good luck. "Clair will be here soon.” jack said patting him softly on his shoulder before he disappeared.
The women just smiled as she pushed the knife further into his stomach.leaning into his neck kissing it gently as she whispered in his ear.”ah hm think again hot shot.” she said pulling away from dean to face him she grinned up at him battling her eyelashes.
Dean fowed his eyebrows in confusion and turned around seeing castiel standing behide him. He grinned widely as he got up from the barstool and embraced cas in a tight hug.
Cas was quiet for a few moments before speaking."i think you know what & no I'm not going to let this go. "We need to talk about what happened. Dean I know you.." you can't keep running from this."
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows together in confusion before reality drawn onto him.”you’re not helping are you?”
Cas took a sip of the beer before placing it down on the table and nodded.”yeah we do.” He said quietly as he looked down awkwardly as he started to feel the mood switch to a more tensed atmosphere.
"At least you're safe". Cas replied as he turned looking over at Dean intensely in his green emerald eyes.
Dean had parked the impala in the familiar dirt road parking lot. He looked up seeing the Roadhouse bar he had known to love before it burned down. Smiling slightly He shut his engine off & made his way out of his baby. His wooden boots creeped as they had stepped up on the old warn out bar steps. he swung the front door opened & walked in with a smile on his face as he seen all his old friends.. Once inside he was greeted by.jo,ellen,bobby rufus and ashe. He smiled as he made his way to an old warn out bar stool and ordered a old fashion beer.
Dean exhaled sharpy before knocking on the front door waiting for her to answer. “Ellen its dean.”
Dean prayed & continuously hounded jack to help him. He’d do anything. But there was nothing he could do. He tryed every single thing he could think of, it was always left to a dead end. So the only thing he knew he could do just like all the other times he’d been let down in life or abandoned by his father family & lost everything that he held close to his heart. - Save People.. But now that things had changed since chuck had been defeated & jack had took over the role of god.
“Took you long enough.” dean said smirking a little as his face was covered in bruises & cuts from whoever had took him.
sorry ya'll for posting so late i havent had much inspo to write the next chapter but thanks to my girlfriend jess for the support she pushed me through to finally got around to posting it! i hope ya'll enjoy! thanks so much for all the love & support.-E
dean sighed deeply grabbing his full case of beer and stormed off into his office upstairs. once there he was hit with all of the emotions he had been holding onto.. he rushed over towards his desk throwing things all over his room and shouted."son of a bitch." before collapsing into his office chair.all the emotions was to much for dean to handle. he leaned his forehead into the palm of his hands and cried. all the memories flashed through his mind of castiel and him- on haunts together. saving each other. and then castiel face came into his mind. it was the night he died. it was the night castiel had finally admitted after years- that he had truly been in love with dean. something dean was so scared to admit, so dean did what he always did best- he burried it. so deep that nothing could open it again.
After a few moments later ellen answered the door with a puzzled look on her face.”dean boy, what’d you do now?” come in.” she greets him pulling him into a hug before stepping aside closing the door behind him.
Jo smiled warmly up at him.”about time you’ve made it here,we've been making bets on when you’d show up.” she chuckled dryly as she wiped down the bar table top to her left.
Dean chuckled lightly”what makes you think i’ve done something.come on i cant just visit an old friend?” dean said slipping his jacket off & going to sit down on her living room couch.ellen joined next to him shorty after grabbing both another beer.
“Aw come on ben, let him go now.” the women said from in front of dean. Dean tried to make out who this women was becoming from the darkness but he was unable to see her fully.
The women who was in the shadows appeared in front of dean, her perfume wreaked like flowers and roadkill.
castiel's eyes looked over dean intensely before stepping back away.Cas replied."you're right,i think its best we take this time apart,because you clearly need some time to collect yourself.i dont blame you,if you need me i'm only one call away." castiel said before vanishing at the blink of deans eyes.
After dean helped Jo & ellen clean up the bar. He walked out to his impala with castiel following behid. The short ride to Dean's house was quiet. Both men fear the anticipation that was awaiting them. But they both had felt a wave of excitement to finally see each other again after so long. Dean parked his car in the driveway & shut the engine off making his way out of the car and up his wooden front steps into his house.
“Dean?” castiel whispered making sure not to alert any one planning a pounce attack on him. He hears dean groaned from the far back of the barn & quickly makes his way towards the older winchester. he comes in front of dean a few minutes later finding him bound to a chair.
Dean just nodded slipping more of his beer before standing. He smiled softly at ellen”thanks ellen i really appreciate you more then you know.”
“No sam,its okay i- i was just leaving i think i might have a lead on deans whereabouts". But i need you to stay here & keep tabs on if he comes back." you know dean would kill me literally if anything happened to you. Especially with you having a child now.” castiel said as he exhaled deeply.
Xxxxxxx
“I’m sorry dean.I didnt mean to hurt you or anybody else,but you need to know i done everything for you.” cas says as he followed dean into the kitchen his ocean blue eyes cast a shadow in dean’s deep green enbrel eyes. Castiel stood there for a few moments studying dean. He knows this man. He knows when something is wrong with him. Dean doesnt just stay mute. Castiel looked over deans posture intensely before clearing his throat. “Dean,can you hear me?” castiel said in his ruffed voice.
“have you now? Who won?” dean asked wiggling his eyebrows as he placed his beer down after taking a large sip.
“ I got a house couple miles down past sam.. if you want to come by to talk after dinner here,I promised jo I’d help her and ellen clean up after everyone leaves.” Dean said as he smiled up at ellen when his food arrived shortly after in front of him.
Why? Why would castiel sacrifice himself for Dean? Morally he understood why. but logically he couldn't put his finger on it. They were supposed to stick together, they were supposed to ride off and to the sunset and drink mimosas with umbrellas. Not this.
Dean walked inside his house noticing the tv on. He shakes his head grinning lightly knowing castiel finally realized how to work the tv. Dean made his way towards the kitchen to grab some beer but while passing the living towards the kitchen entrance he sees castiel angel blade on the floor alone with no castiel. Dean quickly grabs his angel blade off the floor & calls castiel cell phone ringing upstairs. Without a second thought dean rushes upstairs to where the ring is coming from- it lead him up towards his office. He runs into the office shouting”cas! Casitel!!!” once inside he realizes the office is empty. He frantically scratches around the room for castiel but he nowhere to be found. Dean goes picks up his cellphone & notches castiels blood splatter is on the screen. He starts to feel his bones go all numb & his heart drops. “Where is he?” dean says quietly as he drops to his knees & tears fill his eyes.
Castiel groaned throwing the remote down on the couch.” i’ve fought demons angles the devil everything in between but this damn remote hates me.” he groans talking to himself as he molps his way over to deans kitchen grabbing a beer from the fridge. Just then out of nowhere he hears a loud crash coming upstairs from deans office. He paused quietly placing his beer can on the kitchen table & quietly creeps his way upstairs to deans office, once he inside the room he quickly exiams the room sliding his angel blade out of coat steeve. Just then he’s set flying around the room & crashing down roughly on the floor. He goes to jump to his feet but is pushed back down looking up he sees a demon on top of him punching him in his face. Once castiel gets a look at the demons face he sees the demon blow some type of dust in his face. The last thing he remembers hearing before passing out is the demons name: Yellow Eyes..
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
everytime dean thought about it to long it had felt like lemons being sliced open on fresh new cuts.The moment kept replaying in deans mind. he could see castiel face, his lips, his beautiful blue ocean orbs looking at dean with so much intensity, love & admiration.
Dean froze for a moment getting lost in Castiel ocean blue eyes "I guess it could be worse." so" dean said clearing his throat that seem suddenly dry as hell looking away from cas's eyes."how exactly was ruby able to get here?"dean said taking a long sip of his beer.
Jo looked at dean sadly before sighing & placing another beer glass on the table. “You know dean i dont get involved in your business but you should really talk to him, you cant run from your problems forever.” jo said as she wiped down the bars tabletop next to him.
Castiel grinned slowly as he went to walk out of deans bedroom he heard sam say from behind him “You need to make things right with dean cas"ok?" No offense but i don't want my afterlife to be more of you and my brother pinning against one another for all eternity"sam said as he flipped open deans laptop.
Dean groaned as he spit out some blood from his mouth. He glared up the redhair demon.”wow ruby, guess the devil really took you for a ride, ive actually forgotten all about you,though i do prefer blondes anyways.” he smirked up at ruby knowing how to get under her skin.
Dean had so much built up anger & frustration towards the angel.he knew that lashing out wouldn't help considering they were both stuck here for eternity. Dean was grateful that he was surrounded by everybody he loved especially after the life that he had lived for so long....he just couldn't help this anger that had washed over him suddenly. But it wasn't just anger he was also heartbroken. Dean's a good person at burying his emotions..but castiel knew him better than anybody else besides Sam. Castiel knew this man. He could read him like a book. He could see that his posture was tensed and that something was wrong.
Castiel sat down on deans couch popping open a beer & put his feet up on the coffee table. waiting for dean to come join him.
dean yanked his hand away shoving castiel & shouts"No, don't touch me. you don't get to come in here like nothing happened cas. we could've found another way. we always have,you just wanted to die. admit it. you wanted to fucking leave us. to leave me." dean voice cracked as his tears filled up with tears. he didn't even know he was crying till he felt the wetness roll down his cheek. his throat burning with a deep swallow as he held back his cries the best he could.
Dean placed down the finished beer glass down on the table of the bar tabletop ordering jo to grab him around placing 40$ bill on the table.
Ellen rubbing his back softly before saying”you're the strongest bravest man i know you deserve to be happy dean & if castiel can give you that,i think you should go for it,but don't push yourself if you're not ready, Just talk to him he’ll understand.”
“I wouldnt be so sure about that dean, you see ben here loves me, we've came to a mutual understanding, you are the reasons why we died & got stuck into hell, so you get to be our escape isnt that right ben? Like the time he stabbed you & thought you meant it, dean did you ever think that ben was possessed?”
dean bit his lip hard so hard he felt blood. "i think i need some time alone,please just go." he said barely audible...
He hears dean moan in pain. Thats all it took for castiel to break down the barn doors & rush inside. So much for keeping a low profile he thinks as he marches his way through the pitch black barn in search for dean. His angel blade sliding down his coat sleeve pocket.
Dean looked away from castiel intense look & grabbed his phone and keys off of his table by the front door. " that's not your choice to make" Dean says as he quickly rushed out of the house ignoring cas's pleads.
Its not that castiel doesnt love saving people & killing things that go bump in the night. Its just this was suppose to be their afterlife,they werent suppose to still be on the job. Cas knew he had to find a way to meet up with jack to figure out how ruby & her friend had gotten through the barrier jack had put up when he closed the gates to heaven.but right now that wasnt what was important it was making sure dean was okay. & deep down inside castiel hopes eventually dean will be ready to have this talk theyve been meaning to have.
“You won’t look dumb.” Dean’s cocky grin faltered a little. “But I understand if you might need some practice. I mean, when was the last time you got off?” Now Dean was the one with a flush blooming on his cheeks. “How many years have you gone without… You know what, you don’t have to answer that.”
“I know what you’re thinking,” Cesar says when he sees his face, “and yes, I’m talking about our sex life.”
“Oh,” Cas breathes, his face lighting up, and he lets out a small laugh. “I guess we are.”
He’s still wearing Dean’s clothes from yesterday. “I couldn’t let you…” he starts but trails off. “I wasn’t ready.”
“I didn’t know it was this bad,” Cas says.
“Ready?” he asks.
“So, is there someone?”
“Yes, of course, Dean. We can be friends.”
When he proceeds his walk, he hears his name called after him. “Cas, wait!” Puffy clouds of breath escape Dean’s mouth as he catches up to him.
Cas doesn’t know how to respond to that. Instead he says, “You live in the house over there, right?”
“Alright. So, I guess we better get going. Wouldn’t want to miss the wedding. To be honest, I was very surprised you’d even attend.”
“There’s no way I will let you lead,” Dean grouses.
“Yeah, whatever,” Benny replied stoically. Dean wished he could be as calm as Benny was.
It’s been a while since Athena has finished her call and Cas is filled in on everything Jody and Donna have experienced together in Montevideo today. They were scheduled to leave fifteen minutes ago but the last person to accompany them still hasn’t shown up.
“Still, thanks for defending me…us,” Dean told him.
Cas clears his throat once again. “It was initially built as the Free State Hotel in the mid-1850s by the New England Emigrant Aid Company of Boston, Massachusetts, in the hope to draw other anti-slavery settlers to the territory. A month after construction was completed in 1856, the hotel was destroyed again by a pro-slavery group lead by the county sheriff.
“There are negative points?” Dean and Castiel ask in unison.
However, Gunnar or wrestling isn’t mentioned again in the book. It’s strange but maybe life got in the way. His actual, awful life, with his parents’ divorce and struggle with school and—
“Jody is getting the passenger seat. The both of you, in the back,” Athena orders.
“You were curious about his girlfriend.”
Dean rushed back into the house and found the small velvety casket where he had placed it on the dinner table the night before in order to not forget it. He picked it up and put it next to him on the passenger seat when he had gotten into the car.
“What is he? What do you see, Tanya?”
Cas shoots him a glare. “What do you think?” he barks at him.
Cas looks guilty all of a sudden.
Cas can’t keep his hips still and tries to meet him halfway as good as possible but it’s not enough. Dean’s already a work of art, smooth edges everywhere, perfect skin, pure indulgence to watch but Cas is greedy. He wants it all. Now or never.
“And you thought I’d come along because…?”
“Just kidding,” Cas says and gestures Sam to come over. So he does.
“Well, uh…” He’s thinking off a comeback. “Of course you are given it’s my first time.”
“It’s not my fault. This tent isn’t big enough for the both of us.”
“Wanna try it again….from the beginning?” he asks after a pause, loaded with Dean’s not sure what exactly.
because she was born into this life as well. They wouldn’t have met if it weren’t for his job. But someone like her. And they could have been happy together. Same for his brother. What kind of person Dean would have grown to become if he hadn’t had to take care for him ever since they were kids. With a loving parent to look up to, sans the drill they were educated in.
“Oh, I’m… I’m sorry,” he says. “I just wanted to check on you since you didn’t show up for tango class.”
“Um, yeah.”
“That’s not true, Cas,” Dean said and shook his head. “You wanna know what I’m actually thinking? That you hate me enough that you think you have to do this.” Dean had a big lump in his throat and the thought of Cas doing this to him, of choosing this of all the possible ways to repel him, hurt so fucking much.
“Hey, Sam. I thought I’d stop by today to look at some books.”
But the corridor remains silent.
They entered Indianapolis sooner than Dean would have liked. When they reached Cas’s neighborhood, Dean’s hands began to tremble. He didn’t want it to end. There had to be a way, he told himself, but the only thing he could think of was finally telling Cas that he was in love with him and this just wouldn’t be fair. Cas would only shut him out completely—forever this time. Cas had a dream and Dean was above ruining it for him by bringing his true feelings into the game.
Sam stirs his coffee. “So, does this mean you’ll move into Cas and Jack’s room for the rest of our stay?”
“He did,” Dean says, grinning at Cas and waiting for the kettle to boil.
” Dean said.
Who was he kidding…this obviously was a huge understatement. He had made a 180 degree turn by giving up his diaconate, coming to Kansas City and moving in with Dean. He was living as a civilian again and he was in a romantic relationship with his best friend who also happened to be the love of his life. The circumstances completely differed from what they had been not even three months ago.
“I want to hear what you’re working on. I’m curious.”
“Why didn’t you come in? The door was unlocked. You should have woken me up.”
“Yes, it’s me. I’m sorry I waited so long to call you back.”
The elevator doors open.
“We usually gather passengers who’re travelling on their own at a table together. Of course we can change the seating arrangement if you’re not feeling comfortable with it,” Charlie says.
“Ah, so you’re training together.”
“Do you know her from school?”
Cas was relieved to hear that Mr. Winchester was working a double shift throughout the night and he wasn’t going to meet him again before heading to Indianapolis the next day. He could only imagine how it had been for Dean to come out as bisexual to his father. Dean often defended his antiquated attitude. “He doesn’t know it better,” Dean liked to say. John Winchester still hadn’t fully accepted that his firstborn was attracted to men but he tolerated it because he truly loved his son. Cas could get behind his best friend’s reasoning. He knew people like Dean’s father from his church. Many of their ideas were outdated but they clung to them like their life depended on it. Actually, it was the afterlife which they used in their argumentation. Homosexuals for example were condemned to go to Hell if they ever acted on their, in those people’s eyes unnatural, urges. Cas didn’t see it that way. He was convinced God loved everyone and didn’t view homosexual acts as a crime. Some liked to argue with certain Bible quotes, yet there was a lot in this book that he and many others thought had become obsolete. It was the twenty-first century; times had changed. Cas would fight for his stance as long as he was a member of the Catholic church and he planned to be one for the rest of his life.
“Well, yes. Some of those working at his center, my friend Tessa in particular. We’ve also had her and her boyfriend over for dinner at Dean’s house. And I’ve also had coffee with a couple I met at one of his services. They’re really nice people.”
“Is that him?” she asks when Cas pulls up on the property. The bearded guy is standing in the yard, installing windshield wipers on a car.
“No, I don’t want that. I appreciate what he’s done so far and who knows, maybe he’ll change his mind.” However, in reality Cas is far less optimistic about a turn of events. No matter how well they might have gotten along in the beginning, if Dean wants to play pretend, Cas can’t do anything about it. He’s already crossed a line and he won’t interfere with Dean’s life any more as is necessary to get his car back reassembled.
Sam shakes his head at him but Cas does as he’s told and lounges in the empty spot on Dean’s bed.
“Was that your brother?” he says then.
“Oh, so you have experience with social work,” Buddy Boyle noted and Cas grasped where that name had come from. He had only just met him but Cas instantly felt like he had known the pastor for years; a friend who he could confide in, regardless of the matter on hand.
“Uh, maybe a cup of tea if this isn’t too much trouble?”
This someone turns out to be Cain. Dean hasn’t seen him since Balt’s matinee but he clearly remembers the obdurate gray hair, the overall fierce look. Yet he was willing to show Dean and Cas around and it was Balthazar who made him do that—a guy who Dean can imagine other people would easily find infuriating.
Dean laughs as the melody forms under his fingers and sings along to the tune. “Duh, duh, duhhh. Duh, duh, duhdu—hey!” With a bang the room goes silent. “You almost chopped off my fingers with this thing,” Dean complains to Cas who just slammed the lid shut. He looks angry.
“I was scared when you saw me. Therefore I disappeared. Then you sent people looking for me.”
“I won’t miss it.”
A few pieces later, Dean has found a navy jacket and pants that fit him but he can convince Cas to leave the tie. “It’s only a courthouse wedding after all.”
Before heading to the bathroom upstairs, he sets up the coffee maker to make sure he’ll at least have a cup to go. There’s no time for a shower but Claire has probably used up all hot water anyway, so he opts for just quickly washing up and brushing his teeth.
“So, how’s it going out in California? Are you busy studying or did you get the day off?” He laughs.
“We are all part of the same church, Castiel. It’s obvious that you want to have your community around wherever you go and you don’t have to feel like you’re betraying the people here because you’ve found friends elsewhere. Just because you’re going to college far away from home doesn’t mean you have to stay all by yourself. And you’ve made other friends before at Duke, haven’t you? What about your friend Dean?” the priest asked and Cas wished he hadn’t.
“I will, thank you. Have a nice evening, bye!”
Later, they went to see Father Jim, but before they left, his father told him in private he was actually relieved to see that he had returned to a normal live and that he had never been truly happy about Cas wanting to become a priest. “Thanks, dad,” Cas said, “for telling me that. I feel much better now.”
“Didn’t I see you in the library today?” the man says.
“Nothing.” Cas shrugs his shoulders. “He insisted he wasn’t gay and we haven’t talked since then.”
Then it’s just the mother and her sons. Sam is more openly curious, now that everyone else is gone. Mom wants every little detail but Dean can’t give her that. He tells the story about how they met again, how Dean got confused by his jealousy towards Mick and how he and Cas finally made up. Obviously, he skips the part about the blowjob at Benny’s bachelor party.
“The couple I met at Pastor Boyle’s church. One of them used to be a member of the Catholic Church as well.”
“You knew what to do when you lost your virginity to Lisa, right? And you didn’t need someone to show you.”
“Distract me with something, please” Cas says, “I don’t want to think of what’s happening right now.”
“No, nothing like that.”
“Whoever took her eyes made her able to see other things instead.”
“Huh?” Dean didn’t understand. “But how did they end up here?”
Cas shakes his head, pushing himself away from the railing. “No, we can go now.”
“I wouldn’t file your faith talk as trivial.”
“Kaia,” she says and although it’s already dark outside, Cas can see her smiling from the corner of his eye.
Dean is holding a lube bottle in one hand, a condom in the other. “I thought, just in case,” he says, blushing, “we don’t need to use these if you don’t feel like it. It’s okay if we just… I’ll just leave these here,” he says and places the items on the bed.
Happily, he munches away on his candy while Dean shoves a handful of peanuts in his mouth. “Want some?” he says through his chewing and holds the packet out to him. Cas gladly accepts and trades the peanuts for some of his M&Ms.
The bar looks really nice. There’s a lot of wood and one wall is full of shelves with empty beer bottles from around the world. The bar counter has a line of colorful beer caps worked into it behind a top layer of glass. It was probably unintentional but Cas is glad that Dean brought him here. He loves to see other creative ideas of fellow carpenters and designers.
Castiel hadn’t yet tried dating again. He had forgiven his brother and Meg for keeping their secret from him for so long. They hadn’t paraded their relationship around him however and Cas was grateful for that. He only hoped they were making each other happy.
Dean’s face falls. Obviously, he hadn’t thought of this yet. “Oh, right, um… Cas, listen, I don’t think I’m ready to come out to them just yet and I think this would be too much for one day and—”
“If you’re offering money again, I won’t take it.”
“You should ask him out!”
“When does he have class then? I’m sure not every time you have too, right?”
Cas stops to give him a soft smile. “Thank you, Dean,” he says before pulling his phone out of his pocket to call his friends and share the good news.
“Thanks for having us, Mrs. Winchester,” he said.
“I can feel the aura of something otherworldly following you like a shadow. And there’s something about the house itself that has changed. First I thought Quentin was over there so often lately preying on mice or birds, but it had to be more than that.”
"I figured," Dean says and a sigh of relief escapes him.
“Yeah, I don’t feel like going either…” He thought about it for a second. This coursework really sucked and he was already sick of seeing it. But he had to stay reasonable, so he returned to focus on his task, and Cas did so too.
Dean, though, appears to have learned his lesson and stays by his side for the rest of the evening and makes small talk with Balthazar over dinner. During their ride home, he thinks they did well acting as a couple on their first night out being official. Dean doesn’t talk and Cas is glad to have some quiet time to process.
“Oh, it’s still a bit of a secret until it’s officially announced. But I can tell you that it’s a leading position, I’ll be in charge of many people, huge responsibility, assumingly lots of paperwork. I’m excited.”
“No, Cas, I’m fine…I think.” His friend’s calmness confused him. After the thing with Mandy he’d been a total mess. Now they had jerked each other off and Cas was casual as ever.
Traffic is low tonight, so Dean arrives earlier than anticipated. Cas was to meet him in the car but with so much time on his hands, Dean decides to greet him inside. He might even run into Balthazar there. They’ve seen each other a couple of times every now and then and Dean has warmed up to him. There’s no way they’re gonna be besties but Balt’s humor and eccentric character and the way he’s treating Cas—friendly and kind, but also calling him out on his bullshit—have made him someone he wouldn’t wanna miss from his life.
He waves as the newly restored Lincoln leaves the grounds of Winchester Vintage Automobiles. Benny is glaring at him while wiping oil off a dipstick with a greasy rag.
“Please give Charlie and Dorothy all my best wishes,” Sam said.
“I said go!” he shouts.
Cas isn’t sure where it all went wrong. He’s aware that kissing Dean to stop him from talking wasn’t the best idea but he really wanted to know what it would feel like. And it was good, very, until he screwed up. He got carried away in the heat of the moment—and it was very hot, so hot—which is weird because he doesn’t usually do this, biting. It was almost like he wanted to obtain a piece of Dean and he still wants it if he’s being completely honest with himself. He wants him, all of him. Not only because of his handsomeness and snarky humor and sometimes he can really be a dork and Cas thinks it’s cute and
“I love you, too,” Cas replied, snuffling, “so much.”
“Uh,” Sam groans and shoots a questioning look at Dean.
“I’m sorry for over-reacting. It’s just…it kinda hurts to see him again after such a long time.”
They manage to pass some time without running into each other, mostly. Cas still sees Dean during meal times but, luckily, Dean’s sitting at the other end of the room, making it easier for Cas to pretend he isn’t there. Cesar was kind enough to switch seats with him so can’t make the mistake of looking over to Dean’s table by accident and eventually establish weird eye contact. Also, Cas always gets off the sundeck as soon as he sees Dean already splayed out at the pool and he supposes Dean is acting alike because they never seem to be there at the same time. Despite their unspoken timeshare, Dean’s skin has notably tanned, judging from what Cas is able to discern from afar.
“We shouldn’t have done this,” Cas wheezes and rushes to collect his shirt from the floor.
It’s not a lie. He’s hungover, so nothing some aspirin can’t heal. But he also doesn’t want Cas to touch him ‘cause he’s afraid the angel could sense what else causes him discomfort. And he certainly doesn’t need him to know that his asshole feels sore.
“That’s why we’re taking a class. No former experience required.”
Cas gasped, then he said, “Do it,” and Dean leaned down and took him into his mouth. Cas tried to push all is uneasiness down and concentrate the strain in his cock to let Dean make it go away. Dean’s breath was warm on him and the movements of his slick tongue made him gradually loosen up, his hand gently carding through the light strands of hair on his boyfriend’s head. It was incredible how good Dean was at this. Not at giving blowjob—well, that too—, but at relaxing him and convincing him that all would turn out fine with his love and tenderness.
Instead of Dean he finds something else on the sideboard in the hallway. Dean’s ring. The one Cas gave him on their wedding day, that he slid onto his finger after saying ‘I do.’
“And you won’t regret it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean furrows his brows. “Stop reading my mind, Cas. You know I don’t like you snooping around in there. It’s called privacy.”
The first thing Cas did after hugging his family and petting Francis for a while, was going to meet Father Jim. He wanted to tell him about the friends he’d recently made and how happy he was about his new-found community of like-minded people in North Carolina.
She’s dressed in a dark green gown, her sparkly eye-shadow dramatic as always.
It’s to prevent himself from getting hurt, Dean tells himself. But that’s bullshit. He’s afraid, that’s what he is. He’s afraid of his own fucking feelings for this heavenly creature that scares the hell out of young girls with no eyes.
“Aren’t you lonely, all by yourself, no-one to talk to?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says, walks towards the piano and retrieves a stack of sheet music from his bag to place on top of it.
“No, but… I felt this presence, I swear, like someone
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean could hardly keep it together. His fingernails were digging into the cushioned armrests of his seat, yet he refrained from pushing a palm against his semi. For now.
“Sam was supposed to drop Blossom off here Monday afternoon but he never showed and he never returned my call. He only sent a rude text that he didn’t need my help anymore.”
The man sighs as he stirs awake and Dean has a feeling of recognition when he rolls onto his back to look at him. So he wasn’t
“I remembered it was your birthday a week ago. Sorry, but I couldn’t find another kind of candles.”
“Of course, Dean.”
“Oh, hi Jody. What are you being up to?” he asks.
“Alright. Let’s head upstairs then.”
“You started it.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Sam says, his eyes lingering on Dean’s left hand as they pull apart.
Cas and Dean made sure not to walk too close to each other as they went up to the house. His mother opened the door, hesitating briefly before pulling Cas into a tight hug. When she let go of him, he noticed the tears in her eyes.
“She joined me for dinner last night when you didn’t show up, said she couldn’t leave me there all to myself,” Jody says, stirring her coffee.
“Getting to know each other.” Cas’s face and tone add a ‘silly you’ to what he’s actually said. “We want to make the impression that we’ve known each other for much longer than one night and that we’ve had time to learn everything about each other and fall in love.”
“No,” Dean says, holding up a hand. “No, Cas. Don’t worry. Everything’s fine.” He sincerely hopes it is. It would be rather unfortunate if Jody decided to lock Cas up and then the transformation from legs to fish tail happened. He knew that parading Cas around town was a risk but one he hopes is worth it for the experience. Cas deserves to see how humans live, especially after only having watched from the sidelines for hundreds of years, thousands probably. Maybe he witnessed humanity from caveman to what it is now—destructive and dangerous to everything that is not human.
“Uh, you know, what every family would say. ‘Are you sure it’s not a scam?’, ‘Why are they telling you
“So you believe in ghosts now?”
Cas snickers.
“No. I don’t know how that happened. I’m sorry, really.”
“I think you just have to know and be sure that you’ve found the right person to do it with,” Dean concluded. Then they were silent for a moment.
“You miss her, huh?” His dad had chosen to be a part of the conversation, too.
“You did well today,” Dean reminds him in case he’s having self-doubts again. He reaches out to touch Cas’s shoulder as he’s used to do by now but Cas stops the forward movement by taking his hand instead.
“You’re moving closer, we’re touching, down there, in the middle. You’re so close, I can feel you.” His breath hitched every few words.
“You got in my way when I did the flip. Have you ever heard of personal space before?”
He’s angry. Not at Cas but himself.
“I would,” Claire says.
“Does the truth about me upset you?” Castiel asks.
“It’s not supposed to look like that.”
“Yeah, when? This is the first vacation I’m having in, like, ever, and I’m still feeling anxious in the back of my head that the world might fall apart while I’m sipping cocktails with my toes in the sand. The girls said they’ll cover for us this week but I’m telling you, as soon as there’s something bigger than a vamp or a ghost, we’re going home.”
A while later his father was at his door. “Go away,” Dean mumbled into his pillow as he lay on his bed, facing the wall.
“He was curious,” Dean sighs, “okay. And what about your clothes?”
Thus, everything goes back to normal, Dean and Cas sleeping in separate rooms and going about their lives as if nothing had changed, which, to Dean at least, it probably hasn’t.
Cas is unsure of what to say to that. Obviously, there’s a thing, but he doesn’t quite understand it.
Cas tells himself. An endearing one, though. Yet, to be completely honest, he’s not sure he could really act on it if the opportunity ever arose but pondering over the idea is quite enjoyable…until he sobers up and realizes how fucked up this is. Cas is someone who isn’t able to easily separate sex from feelings; he could never become intimate with Dean.
“Do you think he killed her because she broke up with him?”
“Call me around lunchtime,” he says before pushing the pedals and heading down the road. Cas’s heart leaps in his chest when Dean casts a last look over his shoulder.
Now Cas laughs, too. “From what I’ve seen, there are a few offers for a very limited number of participants.”
All the words Cas might have wanted to say got stuck in his throat.
“If you say so,” Dean sighs and rolls his eyes. At least he’s putting the phone back in his pocket.
“We are not?”
“Yes, but he avoids saying it. And when he asked about our plans for spring break this year, his ideas didn’t even include Cas. Like it was obvious he won’t be there with us.”
“A friendly guy who could kick anyone’s ass,” Dean makes clear.
In a rush, Dean reads a spell from a crumpled piece of paper and blows a brown powder from his palm onto the lock. It klicks and Dean flings the door open, holding a hand out for Cas who hurries to freedom without hesitation.
Cas wants to say something but is suddenly terrified when Diego lets go of his horse and he’s on his own with this beast.
“Castiel,” he says, amused, “to what do I owe the honor so early in the morning?”
“No, just taking a refreshing night walk along the beach. Crisp air filled with the marvelous scent of the ocean—it’s the most wonderful thing, isn’t it?”
like this.” They repeat it once and then encourage the others to try it as well.
A warm feeling spreads in his guts when he realizes what he just thought. It’s not much of a surprise, though. They’ve been getting closer and closer these past few weeks and Dean has opened up to him so much about his past and his dad and Cas is assured he could tell Dean anything in return and Dean would appreciate it as much as he did.
Dean just stood there, witnessing how familiar they were acting around each other. Like friends. Not as stiffly as he had been with Cas. “Dean, would you be so nice and escort Cas to the front desk and have him checked in. You should also head upstairs to change. And I should get dressed, too. We’ll see each other later at the far end of the aisle,” Charlie said and shooed the men out of her dressing room.
“That’s because I was almost buried under a stack of chairs.” Dean’s eyes still bore into him, pushing deeper. “I’m fine,” Cas insists and flees to one of the chairs lined up against the wall. One should think he’s having enough of chairs for a while but he just wants to sit down a bit and the floor doesn’t appear too welcoming. Meg has already reconquered her spot on the bed next to Charlie.
“Hi,” Cas replied. “I’m glad you could make it.”
“What was that earlier?” Charlie asked.
“Most people, yeah,” Dean affirms, wrapping the bandage around Castiel’s arm. “There you go,” he says and pats Cas’s shoulder.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asks.
“No, dumbo. But I know how to read people.”
“Is that a yes?”
“But for some reason you didn’t bust us by telling him there’s not actually an assignment,” Charlie points out.
They don’t talk for the rest of the ride to Cas’s apartment…their apartment now, he supposes.
The summer break hadn’t been easy for Dean, as Aaron didn’t exactly live around the corner but he found diversion in fixing up cars in Bobby’s shop. Luckily, he was about to have his boyfriend all for himself for a few days, without the disturbance of his parents and brother as they had scheduled a trip to California. Sam wanted to check out Stanford where he planned to apply, and Mary thought it would be a good idea to combine the excursion with a small family reunion at her cousin’s who lived near San Francisco.
We made out for a while and then…well, the making out turned into handjobs.”
The pub is loud, full of people, and Dean has to push aside everyone who is too lazy to move their ass out of his way to reach the table he’s heading for.
Dean wants to say that, yes, of course you can. He missed Cas after he was gone last night and they barely even know each other. “Maybe I did,” Cas says then, “maybe that’s why I was always trying to get close to humans. Even when I only had my tail, I still watched them, from afar, eavesdropping on their conversations, trying to make sense of what they were saying. Sometimes they would argue and I didn’t understand, couldn’t get behind the reason for why they were yelling at each other. Or, one time, I saw a boy, he was alone at night and I seldom saw children on their own at night. He was screaming, I don’t know why. He seemed angry. I think it might have even been here, that’s why I came back, I suppose, because I wanted to find out why the little boy was screaming.”
“Dean, I’m so sorry,” Cas interrupts Dean before he can actually say something. “I don’t want you to go. I want us to stay together. But if you don’t want that, too, then that’s okay. I mean, I probably won’t be okay for a while but you don’t have to worry about me. You’re the only one who can decide what to do with your life. Anyway, I was hoping…”
Cas shrugs slightly. “If that’s what you want,” he says.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, that’d be really fishy.”
The thing that used to be a pious girl is wailing beneath him but it isn’t dead yet. Blindly, she’s trying to claw at anything and Dean only barely avoids losing his eyes after all.
“It’s from Bishop Crowley,” Father Jim said.
“Trust me, it’ll look better and be more practical. Call me, if anything comes up in the meantime.”
Jess made an
“You know Meg will be there too for Christmas dinner this week,” Michael said when they were in the car.
And now Cas is back and Dean knows what he needs to do.
“So,” he breathes against Dean’s lips, “can we please have sex now before I spontaneously combust?”
“Not really,” Sam said.
“Claire,” he says with a shaky voice, “stop it.”
“Yeah, mom told me and I already anticipated that,” Cas replied.
“Surprise me then. Anyway, speaking of Cas, I gotta go get him.”
“Hey, mom. Sorry for being late. But look, I’ve brought pie,” Dean says, presenting her the dish in question. “Apple-cinnamon.”
“So that’s him?” Jody says again after Dean has told her the whole story. She already scolded him for going out onto the rocks and nearly dying.
“I got married,” Dean says.
“Yeah, but anything doesn’t pay well,” John argued.
“I don’t want to be a burden,” Cas spoke as if the plain idea of accepting Dean’s offer caused him discomfort.
“Here you go,” Benny says as he puts the drinks in front of them, “a special for the gentleman and a Shirley Temple for the lady.”
“So, how do you know Balthazar?”
“Cas, what is going on?”
“We’re coming too. After you, ladies,” Dean said and made a theatrical gesture.
Cas sits on the pebbled ground and Dean follows suit. The cloudless sky is tinted in a soft orange, streaks of pink and lavender here and there. They’re wrapped in gentle light, contend. Almost. Dean wishes this moment could last forever. There’s still so much to say but he doesn’t want to disturb the peace. Cas’s gaze is focused on the horizon, watching the sun go down, hovering over the waterline and when it begins to disappear behind the horizon, he rises to his feet, taking off the sweater first, then the T-shirt. Dean does his best not to watch him. He’s no voyeur. But he can’t help it. He’s greedy for every second he has Cas around, where he can look at him, imprinting his image in his mind so he won’t ever forget what this beautiful creature looked like. Cas slips out of his shoes, the jeans come off next and, apparently, he’s been going commando all along. Of course he has. It’s not like anyone would have provided him with underwear. When Dean first gave him things to dress in, he didn’t think the stranger would appreciate worn boxers and neither did Dean feel like lending him a pair of his.
“And marshmallows!” Claire throws in.
Neither of them has a clue what to say next until Cas declares he’s going to brush his teeth. They don’t sleep in the same room like during the nights before. Dean disappears in his bedroom and Cas gets the couch which is so much more comfortable than what’s provided in Mr. Turner’s house.
“Dean, you can put your luggage in the trunk,” she says and gets in the jeep on the driver’s side.
in this case merely meant existing.
“No, Dean, it’s not.” He paused. “But faith has always been important in my life. I grew up in a Catholic family and community.”
“We’re proud of you, too,” Cas assured Dorothy. Though it was mainly directed towards kids in their teens, he had also really enjoyed the book and considered it suitable for all ages. Dorothy would surely go places as an author, Cas was certain of that.
, he thinks and lets his hand wander further to the left side of the keyboard.
He usually sat next to Bartholomew during the lesson. He also had another course with him and they talked even outside of the lecture room on occasion.
“Wow!” Dean declared in astonishment. “Nice.”
Well, his plan to piss him off seems to be working out perfectly.
“Don’t you already know?” the angel said. “Deep inside, you know.”
Dean opens his mouth for a reply but Cas cuts him off. “They’re not. We’re disciplined, yes, but we’re also passionate about what we do and would you be passionate about something that’s not fun to you?”
“Zeke?” Cas asked. Was it really like Dean assumed?
He meant to plug it in the night before. Sam has probably tried to reach him and won’t let him hear the end of it when he gets here.
After a sharp intake of breath through her nose, Billie claps her hands on her thighs and says, “Well…”
The women have come to a halt and are getting off their horses. Dean and Cas follow their lead, getting the cue that it’s time for lunch but nobody is speaking. It’s almost like they’ve come to an unspoken agreement that this is how they are going to handle things during their tours from now on.
“Hi, uh, buongiorno,” he greets the bored looking woman at the reception. “We don’t have a reservation but do you happen to have two rooms for us?”
Tanya leaves her head hanging as if she’s staring at her lap. She seems to feel like crying and Dean suspects it’s causing her even more pain than she’s already in.
Cas laughs. He’s not exactly sure why. Probably the endorphins. And it’s true. He hasn’t orgasmed in quite a long while, not like this at least, and he’s had Dean running around the apartment, living here, being gorgeous and caring and the best fake husband one could wish for. Well, not so fake anymore, not tonight. Tonight this is real. Tonight they exchanged real kisses, had real sex and Cas is feeling all the real feelings.
“Why?” Dean breathes. “Because I want to? Because I can?” Those are silly answers. Definitely not what he would say if being asked by an art dealer or a critic. “I have a vivid imagination and I like to tell stories. I want to share those stories, get them out of my head so everyone can see them, get engaged.”
“You didn’t need any special powers to save me, Cas,” Dean said and briefly looked at his husband, smiling.
he says in broken English.
“Had a nice conversation?” Dean asked hesitantly.
Cas looks at him. “You know, when I got here, I had a deal in my pocket with this guy, Marv. He owns a record label and he’s also a tour manager. I needed this contract to be able to stay here. You know what he used to call me? The ice prince. Because, apparently, my performances lacked emotion. I tried so hard to please him and in the end I completely fucked up because I couldn’t stop trying to force myself to deliver the feeling I was supposed to. For a moment my mind went blank. It wasn’t during a concert but some important people were there and I was so embarrassed, I just wanted to run and hide under a rock. My father never had these kinds of issues. It all just came to him naturally and audiences loved him for his capabilities.”
“Oh, I’m actually starting a new job once this vacation is over,” she says. “Thought I’d take the chance as long as I can. Who knows when I’ll have my next day off.” She laughs.
He hasn’t had as much to drink as the three beers he’s consumed tonight in a long time and he feels a pleasant buzz. Falling asleep shouldn’t be much of an issue and it isn’t.
This will never happen. It shouldn’t. And he doesn’t want it to happen. Not really. Sexual fantasies of people who fill him with rage don’t give him pleasure. He needs affection, mutual respect. Not this weird thing he seems to be having with Dean.
“Hey,” Dean says, returning Cas’s smile.
“Meg, can you please do me a favor? I need you to give me a ride this evening. It won’t take long, but please, it’s really important,” he said when they talked on the phone. His sister-in-law told him she would come to pick him up at seven.
He's dying and he knows it.
“You know you can already book a tour onboard, right?”
“Shut up,” Dean replies. “I’m concentrating.”
“Can we just not talk, please?”
“What moment, Dean? What did you think?”
“Yes,” Sam says, “but you were right. I didn’t exactly volunteer to take over all responsibilities. To be honest, I suspected that mom didn’t get much out of selling dad’s stuff but to believe everything you told me was more convenient than asking questions. So, I’m sorry for that, too.”
“Dean!” Cas’s voice travelled across the room through the half-dark and startled him. The only sources of light were their flashlights. “What are you doing?”
The kiss lights a spark in Castiel’s heart that beautifully warms both his flesh and soul. After all that cold he’s had to endure the past two weeks, feeling more like a corpse half the time, Dean breathes life back into him. Gentle fingers cradle his face, a protective arm keeps him close and Cas is sure that from now on things can only get better.
“Mean what?”
“Of course not. You gotta do this yourself. Good luck by the way…” Yeah, he would need a lot of it telling his father that instead of marrying Cassie he had started a relationship with another guy. John had hated all of his boyfriends, even the ones he’d never gotten to meet. “But you should at least inform mom that you’re bringing someone,” Sam told him.
His phone rang and the screen showed it was Dean calling.
“Dean, hey, look at me,” Cas says softly and Dean hitches a breath when their eyes meet but is gradually able to ease into the embrace.
“Dean, wake up, they’re gone,” he said.
He loses track of time. Cas notices he’s been shivering for a while now and Dean can’t blame it on astonishment any longer. He wraps himself in the blanket he brought, Cas by his side close to the water, and not much afterwards, he must have fallen asleep, dreaming of mermaids and fairies and magic.
“Yes, ma’am,” Dean says and does as he’s told.
“Maybe I have,” Cas says, absent-minded.
“Sorry, no,” Dean says.
“So, tell me something about you,” Cas said.
“You just had your dick sucked by a dude,” Cas says after spitting, “you might want to work on that line.” He dries his hands and face with a paper towel and then he leaves. Dean waits a minute to follow. He doesn’t want anyone getting ideas if they exit the bathroom too closely after one another.
Cas put the money in his pocket without talking back and Meg started the engine again.
“Uh, dad!” Dean groaned.
Dean gapes at him. He’s got no clue what to reply to that.
Claire groans, facing the ceiling. “I have a girlfriend,” she says, more clearly this time.
“Let’s just hope she’ll be too busy guiding the ship most of the time.”
“Where? What happened?” She’s examining the room as she speaks.
“Bullshit,” she says and Cas is taken aback by the force she’s putting into the word.
Dean was worried sick about Cas. It was already 3 p.m. and he still hadn’t heard from him. Charlie, Dorothy, Benny—no-one had seen him or knew where he was.
After Cas had left, Dean spent the evening sketching and carving a new wooden figure on the small bench in front of his house until he couldn’t feel his fingers anymore from the cold. He went to bed late. When he wakes, thin but bright beams of sunlight fall through the shades in his bedroom. He must have overslept. If he even remembered to set his alarm last night. Although he’d been tired, it took him a long time to fall asleep. So many pictures in his head needed to be processed. The picture of the glowing pool in the middle of the nightly woods, the fish tail that was attached to a man’s torso, the eyes that shine ever so brightly even if there’s no magic involved, Cas’s cheekbones, his lips, his hands, his smile…
“You’re from Indianapolis, right?” he asked.
It had snowed overnight and nature had gotten a sparkling white blanket. Castiel, though, was as unaffected as ever since he had been brought back to his old glory.
“You look amazing!” he told Castiel after he had moved closer.
Dean rubbed his hands over his face and ran his fingers through his hair. “Forget everything I said before. I won’t contact him. He has his life, I have mine, end of story,” he said after a deep inhale.
“I had a wonderful evening,” Cas said. “Thank you for keeping me company.”
“I might have one after all,” Cas tells him and Dean pours him a glass.
“No.”
“I’m aware this took you by surprise but Dean is good for me. He makes me so happy. I love him so much.”
“Not actually, no, though he’s got history, as you know, and probably…maybe someone might be curious if he will be triumphant in his comeback.”
“How are you, dear?” his mother asked.
Cas notices that the girls have started a conversation of their own and feels relieved. At least this part of Dean’s plan worked out. He knows Claire isn’t always the most outgoing person.
” Cesar says and huffs a small laugh.
They decided it was probably for the best to shower again and they would certainly have to come up with a good reason for why Dean had used so many towels.
Dean took a deep breath, “The night before Cas had to leave again, I told him.”
The next day Sam and Eileen left early, they found a case and wanted to work it together. Dean and Cas stayed behind at the bunker, spending the day watching movies in the Dean Cave.
“Hey, Castiel,” she said. “Are you coming this weekend?”
“Oh. Never with a guy. What does it matter if you were human though?”
Up in Heaven Cas found Jack in his garden. Derek was a good choice to take care of it, it was as beautiful as ever. Jack sat on the grass under a cherry blossom tree that sat beside a small stream. Castiel went to him and sat down next to him. They admired the view for a moment, enjoying the gentle breeze and the smell of the flowers in bloom.
Castiel’s cabin was quiet, it always was. Dean had never actually been there before, but Cas had told him all about it. They made their way to the bedroom that lacked a bed. Cas’ items and memories lined the walls. A grand chest rested against the back wall, Cas opened it, inside was another smaller box. Cas took it out, unlocking it to reveal the book.
Gabriel slapped Castiel on the back. “Finally! We’ve all been wondering when that was going to happen. Congrats, little bro.”
“I wanna fly back home, Cas. What do I do?”
“I wasn’t Dean. Just saying, it’s funny. Our lives are weird.”
At night when Dean slept, Cas watched over him as he held the Winchester in his arms. Cas would steal kisses in the night, gentle pecks against Dean’s soft lips. They hadn’t done anything since that morning a few days ago. Not that they hadn’t wanted to, but everytime they began something would come up. Be it someone else in the bunker walking by startling them, or their own nerves.
“No, not that all. Hell, all I’ve ever wanted for him was for him to be happy. And he is with Eileen, they are good together. No, that doesn’t bother me at all. It’s just, we got forever, man. We don’t have to stay here forever, but I can’t see a future for me that isn’t here and isn’t hunting.”
“Darn it, I thought I had told everyone to not use angel radio until I said to. Dad, that’s angel radio. It’s not normally that loud, you get used to it. If you just focus for a moment, you can shut it off so you won’t hear it anymore. Otherwise it’s there most of the time.”
“Heaven,” replied Jack.
Dean told his husband over angel radio as he felt his grace flowing out of him, exiting his vessel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam gave a half smile and nodded, “Yeah. Want me to start over and go over everything with you?”
“Yeah, well. Get land side soon. I’ll let Jack know and we can figure this out. It’s probably nothing, Rowena.”
Gabriel joined the rest of them at the table. Jack had already caught him up to speed when he called him on angel radio. Gabe of course was more than willing to take a break from whatever trouble he was stirring up on Earth to help his friends out. Given that they were more like family, and with Jack and Cas being angels and Jack being Dean and Cas’ son, they were his family.
“What you looking for today?”
“No, I mean you are just amazing. Of course you would want the bees and insects to be in Heaven. So my parents are together then?”
He left the party, not wanting to deal with what was happening inside. He wasn’t ready to head back to his dorm just yet, it was still early in the night. He walked past it and decided to see if Dean was working at the bar.
“So, is everyone ready for the wedding?” Dean asked.
“Dean?”
Dean laughed slightly to himself, “No, Cas. I mean, if you want to get in the bed with me…”
Dean laughed, “Don’t ever hold back, again.”
Cas didn’t move, his lips parted, eyes grew wide. The words he longed to hear for so long echoing in his ears. Unable to speak, shocked and overjoyed at Dean’s own confession, he watched as Dean stepped in closer.
“Yes, Dean. I’d love that.”
“So, this it then I guess,” Dean said.
Dean pulled back, “What?”
“Dean, what’s happening to me?”
Cas seemed to know what he was thinking of. His brow raised in empathy. Sam poured himself a cup, asking if Cas wanted some, the angel told him no. Sam sat down at the table, the two of them waited for Eileen to return and Dean to wake up.
“Yes. With me though.”
He went back to the kitchen. Figuring it could have been Jack. Midnight snacks were something he had loved. Dean wondered if Jack had come home just for this, not meaning to wake anyone up.
“She’s gorgeous. How long have you had her?”
Dean frowned, “I don’t know, Sammy. We really haven’t talked about it yet. We are never going to be a normal couple. I mean he’s an angel, I’m a hunter.”
“Is that what it feels like everytime for angels?”
As soon as his head hit the pillow, the familiar sound of wings swooping down filled the room. His heart stopped, bolting up and turning on the nightstand light quickly. He knew it wasn’t Cas, it was never going to be Cas again. But it was Jack he had prayed for.
“Thank you,” replied Cas.
As he opened his eyes, they glowed the same blue and white like Castiel’s did. He stood up tall and suddenly with a large gust of wind his wings presented themselves. He could feel them behind him. They felt like they had always been there, it was a new feeling but a natural feeling at that.
“Yeah, I like that. It’s kinda dorky though. But I like it. Hey Cas, is my parents going to be there?”
Jack thought for a moment before replying, “I’ll be home when you need me. When will Rowena be coming?”
Once he and Castiel were up they realized they were no longer in their bedroom in the bunker and instead inside of a storage unit neither of them recognized. A massive stack of boxes had fallen over onto them sometime during their journey.
This time was different though. They were stretched out completely, though still smaller than they actually were since they would not be able to fit in the room at their proper size. They were gorgeous, black with gold streaks throughout them. The feathers were massive, long and thick. As Cas opened his eyes he shook his wings, stretching them out a bit more before relaxing them.
Castiel gave Dean one last long kiss before rolling off of him. They laid there on their backs, Dean’s chest rising and falling as he breathed heavily. Sweat pouring out of him, his vision slightly blurry from squeezing them so tightly. Cas on the other hand laid there with no difference in his breathing from before they began, not a single droplet of sweat came from his pores.
Pamela winked at Cas without Dean seeing before turning to the bartender. “Why don’t you take the rest of the night off,” she stated.
“Why not? A place opened up in my building recently. You could afford it.”
Dean thought about it for a moment. Jack did say that they would basically die and be reborn as angels. But he wasn’t exactly sure what that meant.
Dean’s thoughts raced, was this even possible. He shook the thoughts away, it was way too early for this type of conversation. He told Castiel that, and suggested they get up for the day. After a bit more cuddling and a few kisses here and there they finally got out of bed half an hour later.
******
Dean was taken back, “What? Why?”
“SON OF A BITCH!” Dean yelled.
“Yeah, and why his death was so hard. Emotions didn’t play into it the same way they do with Cas. They were there, just different.”
Cas was in the back, restocking a display shelf of new books they just got in on mythology and folklore. It was a slow day, only a handful of people had come in so far. He hoped that it would stay that way. That hope was cut short when the sound of the bell over the door chimed.
Before he turned the corner to step down into the kitchen he heard it and his heart stopped. Cas’ voice. It wasn’t a dream after all. The voices stopped, Sam and Cas had heard him and were waiting for him to step into the room.
Sam stared at Dean. “You didn’t tell him you didn’t love him, did you?”
“What about your wings?”
Dean and Cas made their way to the library, where the rest of their family was already seated, enjoying breakfast. They sat down next to each other and began to fix their plates. Jack and Sammy had made pancakes with the works. Syrup, whipped cream, strawberries and blueberries, you name it, it was on the table.
Dean and Jack headed back to the infirmary. Castiel was still in the bed laying on his side. If he could sleep he’d be passed out from the pain. Dean choked back tears, seeing his angel like his hurt his very soul.
Dean let out a sigh, “Alright Jack. But you can’t go alone. We won’t allow it.”
“Cas, I don’t get what you are trying to show me,” Dean said, with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
Things were awkward on the drive back to the bunker and throughout the next day before Cas had to get back. A lot had been said, and they didn’t really know where to go from there. But things were different now, for the better.
Castiel walked him through how to leave his body and take on his true celestial form again before they sat down in bed. They took each other’s hands, staring into each other’s eyes as they laid back on the bed. Their eyes glowed whitish blue as they began to leave their vessels.
Finally Cas found some things he liked. After a little over an hour of shopping they finally left the store. Cas ended up picking out several shirts, a hoodie, some jeans. Cas has wandered into the work clothing area and found flannel and work shirts. Just like the ones Dean wore. Like the majority of hunters.
“In Heaven. Just started one day,” replied Jack.
Dean was still at the bar, he ended up getting lost in a conversation with another patron, a local guy he knew in passing mostly. He pointed back to Sam and Cas, showing the man his fiancé and brother. The man bought them rounds in celebration of the wedding the next day.
Cas moaned against Dean’s mouth, moving his hips, thrusting with each pull and tug Dean gave to his cock. He moved his hand down Dean’s side, resting it on his hip.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed as he looked at his husband, seeing the concern on his face. “Dean, what’s going on?” He asked.
The sensations coming from his wings, cock and ass were getting to the point of being overwhelming. Dean wanted this to never end. He felt his whole body quake as he lost control of his body. He slumped forward, face against the ground, ass arched up in the air.
Eileen was soon tired, it had been a long day. Sam yawned, he wasn’t ready for bed, but he knew that Dean and the angels needed to talk in private. The two of them excused themselves and went off to get ready for bed.
Before he knew it, Castiel was fast asleep. He dreamt of the next night, sitting at a lone table in the bar, Dean sitting across from him. They laughed and drank together, the rest of the bar was blurry, only Dean was visible. He was jolted awake from the dream when he heard Raphael come into the dorm, laughing and talking on the phone with someone. Cas groaned, taking a look at the clock, two in the morning.
Dean’s hip began to move upward and into Cas’ as the angel began to slowly pump into him. Cas was bigger than anyone he had been with before, and he felt his hole stretch out. His cock pressed against his stomach, the friction rubbing against him. Cas felt his body lead the way as he thrust into him. He pushed in all the way to the base before pulling back out to the head and pushing in again.
“Cas, I didn’t mean to, I don’t know-“ began Dean.
The three angels nodded and disappeared. This left only Dean and Gabriel in the room with them. Dean was at Cas’ side, tears ran down his face. He didn’t like seeing Cas like this, he didn’t want to lose him. Not again.
“Oh,” she replied, hanging her head slightly.
Both Cas and Dean had called Jack to come home immediately. Cas did so through angel radio, while Dean sent him an urgent prayer. Jack showed up before either of them could finish.
“Really, I’m fine, Rachel,” Cas replied. “I’ll see you on Saturday, okay.”
After the four of them, Sam, Dean, Eileen and Castiel, had their breakfast, Sam and Eileen gave them privacy to do what they needed to do. Cas called Jack on angel radio who came as soon as he heard.
Sam smiled, it was rare these days to see Dean happy, even if he was faking it to make him feel better. He saw his brother change these past few months, since Cas died. He watched as Dean fell deeper into a depression. He drank more, stayed in his room most of the time. Sam could tell that there was something that happened that he didn’t know about. He didn’t press though, he knew better than that. Forcing Dean to open up was never a good idea, no chick flick moments.
Several days passed and Charlie stopped by to visit the boys. Everyone had taken notice of Dean's limping, but the warning glares from him made them back off. Charlie on the other hand, ignored the looks. A quick nod to Cas told him what she wanted, to get Dean to take off his boot and show them how the wound was healing.
******
Protected by several angels, as well as Gabriel and Castiel, Jack approached Chuck. Sam, Dean and Eileen approached along with them from the sides, Sam and Eileen on one side, Dean on the other, making sure to stay hidden and silent through the woods. Jack was the only one that Chuck could actually see.
“Can you feel them? Your wings?” Jack asked, curious as to what his Dad’s wings would look like.
“No, I heard enough. I’ll get my things and get the car ready. I’m driving.” Dean smiled. It wasn’t a fake smile this time and the other two hunters could tell.
Dean sighed, frowning at his brother. “Cas and I are together. There, happy?”
“What did Jack want today?” Eileen asked. She was busy when Jack had stopped in earlier in the day.
“Actually Cas, no. Everything isn’t okay,” said Dean, his tone was harsher than he meant to be.
The two tried to undress each other without breaking the kiss again. But this only frustrated Cas, who instead used his powers to make their clothes disappear and reappear in a pile on the floor. Dean smiled against his lips, Cas was adorable when he was frustrated like that.
“Cas, does Dean have a true form? I mean outside of his body?” Sam asked before Dean began making his way back to them.
“I love you, Cas.”
Heaven was always peaceful. No monsters, no demons, no world about to end at any moment. With it being open that meant that Dean could visit his family any time he liked. Since getting back from the honeymoon he took advantage of that. He spend many nights at Harvelle’s playing pool with Ash, sitting with Bobby or just hanging out with his parents. But the best part was Cas’ garden.
The entrance to Heaven for everyone else was in Harvelle’s. But for the husbands-to-be it was in a secluded spot in Castiel’s garden. Sam, Jack and Claire were there waiting for them. They all prepared themselves for what was about to happen. After a few moments Jack disappeared before reappearing quickly with someone else.
They finished the rest of the movie, only interrupting it every once in a while to talk about what was going on in it. The night turned to morning and Dean realized they had forgotten one important part of the wedding.
“When Jack brought me back, he made some… improvements. I’m an archangel now.”
Dean shook his head, “No, Sam. I should have. God, I should have. I wish I did, I wish I had known sooner.”
“Cas, what do you want for a wedding?”
“Dean, you’re not dreaming.”
Dean didn’t argue. It was getting late anyways and the trek back to the Impala would be a long one. He knew that Cas would bring Baby back home with them anyways. The next thing he knew he was home in the war room.
Not long after they were dried off and dressed. Castiel put back on his dark blue suit and tan overcoat. Dean rolled his eyes.
Sam smiled, “And?”
Dean clenched his legs around Cas and held on tightly as Cas began to thrust upwards and into him. Dean’s cock pressed firmly against Castiel’s stomach, the friction drove him mad. He moaned into the angel’s mouth as he pounded into his hole.
“Dean Winchester, you are beautiful. You always have been and always will be. When I pulled you out of Hell I didn’t know that it would change everything for me. I disobeyed Heaven countless times because of you. Because I loved you. That day in the barn that we first met, I didn’t expect that I would ever love you the way that I do. I had thought that my true happiness was in just telling you that I loved you, and it was at the time. But now I can say that my true happiness is not telling you that I love you but loving you everyday knowing that you love me as well. You talk about me saving you, but Dean you also saved me. I love you, Dean. I have loved you for every minute I have been alive, even before we met, I have loved you.
“We have a normal relationship and a normal life. Just because you are an angel doesn’t mean that what we have isn’t normal. And I don’t know if you’ve noticed or not, but nothing in my life has ever been normal. It’s normal for me though. Besides, what happens when you die, as a human?”
“Why do we need a bed, Dean? We don’t sleep.” Cas asked, his head tilting.
“But that doesn’t mean that he can’t harm you, humans can harm humans after all. And he can harm you, Dad,” he said looking at Castiel. He continued, “I doubt he can harm me. He doesn’t have the ability, no one does, not as far as I know.” He furrowed his brow in frustration at his own statement.
“You do though,” chuckled Jack.
“I don’t know if it would be right, since it’s called the best man and all, but I was thinking-“
The bar was crowded when Cas got there forty minutes later. Pamela smiled at him as he walked inside, he wondered for a moment if he was recognized for being a regular now. Shaking off the thought he sat down at a table on the far end of the bar. Several minutes later Dean came out of a room situated behind the bar and off to the side. Cas noticed that Pamela said something to him and pointed at Cas. He grabbed two beers and made his way over to the table.
“No. No one else knows. We can’t run the risk of the book getting into the wrong hands.”
Dean began to move, slowly at first. Sliding up and down on Castiel’s length. Letting his cock stretch him out, filling him completely. Dean rolled his head back, letting out a moan. Cas placed his hands on Dean’s hips, guiding him with each movement he made.
“Better. Last thing we need is a bunch of rogue demons running around the place. I thought you and Jack had this whole peace between Heaven and Hell.”
“Not just yet.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Rowena stood next to Jack, her fiery hair done up, and her dress was long, black and form fitting. She smiled at Dean and Castiel, tears watering her eyes.
Morning came quickly for Dean and Castiel. Jack arrived promptly at eight a.m. ready to get everyone to the bunker. After an hour the guests that were going to Heaven had all arrived, and settled after being teleported quickly by Jack one after another. Most didn’t want to do that again.
Dean realized what Cas meant, he was hard and pressed against him. Dean’s face flushed red.
“Tetanus,” replied Cas.
Dean’s cock jumped as he brushed against his prostate. He felt open enough for Cas and pulled his fingers out. He felt empty, and needed to be filled and stretched out.
“Yeah, I got things covered here.”
It came in handy when one of them didn’t want to drive into town, especially when they only wanted one thing. Like to pick up the mail or grab a snack from the small general store. Dean didn’t use it as much as Sam did though. He’d prefer to drive everywhere. Even a few miles alone in Baby was worth it, it was peaceful for him, those small trips.
******
“Then you’ll be in good hands. Rowena is Queen, Hell is running better than ever.  And Heaven is allied with Hell now.”
Dean came in, his face stained with tears. Eileen saw him first and went to him, hugging him tightly. She wiped away the wetness on his face. Sam followed behind her, setting down the book he held in his hand.
“No, he said they have to make them, Cas still doesn’t have one, he’s using his angel blade.”
He didn’t know what to say. He wanted to marry Dean more than anything. The sudden decision from Dean to become an angel and his proposal all within several minutes was too much for Castiel to process.
Dean smiled as Cas picked out several of each. He really was a hunter, a Winchester. Dean went to pay for the pile of clothing in his arms that somehow got bigger once they found the flannel. Cas disappeared once Dean got in line. The Winchester figured he didn’t want to wait around, or else he went to find more clothing to add to the pile. He ended up picking out a lot more than he thought he could have.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas replied.
“Wait, what?” Dean questioned, confused.
Dean stepped forward and grabbed Cas, pulling him in to embrace him. Dean held the angel tightly, clenching his coat in his fist. Cas felt real, realer than anything Dean ever experienced in his dreams.
Sam continued to talk to his son about his adventure with his uncles that day. Dean smiled as he watched his brother, he was happy he had a family of his own. Michael leaned back in his chair, relaxing as he watched as well.
Dean gave Cas one last kiss before they had to get up. The hunter quickly put on the jeans he was wearing from yesterday. Cas got up and began to put his tie back on. Dean opened the door and stepped out, quickly closing the door behind him.
“This is an entrance to Heaven,” replied Jack a little too excitedly.
“Not molecules?”
Dean washed the dishes by hand, Jack dried them off and Cas put them away. Dean chuckled to himself, it was funny doing dishes like this with two angels.
“Yeah that’s what happens when your kid is half grown the day they are born,” laughed Dean.
“It would be kind of funny though.”
Dean left the room, it pained him to do so, but he knew it was for the best. He leaned into the closed door behind him, completely breaking down. From the cracks in the door a bright white light shined through and Cas screamed out in pain.
Sam raised an eyebrow before asking Dean if he was okay.
Jack gave them updates on Heaven, their loved ones who have passed on, and the changes being made. Dean and Cas kept stealing glances at each other. The meal went smoothly, everyone talking and laughing. It was nice being together again, a family.
Cas tilted his head and his brow creased. He was confused and worried that Dean wanted to back out. He knew that it was all a little fast, but that shouldn’t matter. They now literally had all the time in the world. And if Dean wanted to wait, they could.
Then he left the building, pulling his small suitcase behind him that was the only piece of baggage he had aside from a messenger bag. Meg’s car was already parked in front of the parish house.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel says, sitting comfortable between Dean’s legs with his back against his chest. Dean has tried to persuade him to take a joint bath for days but somehow other members of their family managed to get there first every time.
“He’s with me,” Cas, having appeared out of nowhere, interjects.
“Have you told Michael or my parents?”
“Bye, Dean,” Sam says and Dean can’t but pat his brother’s shoulder.
He absently reaches out his right hand, his mind preoccupied with the thought of someone else’s misfortune, and hisses in pain as soon as he touches the razor-sharp spot on the damaged mirror. Now this is something he can only blame on his own stupidity, Cas thinks while sucking at his bleeding finger.
Apparently, his friend was having a similar problem. Some girl had gotten uncomfortably close to him, repeatedly touching his arm and twisting a strand of her hair between two fingers with the obvious intention to seduce him. Cas didn’t appear to be into her at all. When did he finally learn to just tell if he was rebuffed by someone’s tantalizing demeanor? Sometimes he didn’t understand Cas. One day he was moping about not being able to get a girl, the other he’s shutting himself off from the world around him.
“What situation?”
“Having a party?” Claire sneers at the bottle wrapped in a brown paper bag.
“I—,” Sam breathes out. “What do you mean? What money?”
Sam declines Castiel’s offer this time, telling him he wants to stay sober and awake enough to read his serial killer book.
“Try saying the alphabet backwards,” Cas says and takes a step towards him, allowing Dean to catch a whiff of his cologne.
“Depends on what your apology is for letting me rot in Hell and ignoring me ever since.”
“It’s okay, drink!” she says and picks up her Shirley Temple. “Cheers, Castiel!”
made him feel uncomfortable. He was aware that Dean had had intercourse before but those incidents had occurred far away from Castiel. Definitely not in the room he was sleeping in every night. And he certainly had not been informed in advance that it was going to happen.
Eileen shook her head, she didn’t remember Heaven.
Cas frowned as his brow knitted together. He had been thinking about what this could mean since that day in the warehouse with the demons. He had thought that it was nothing at first, a way for the demon to slow Dean down, catch him off guard. But the more and more he had thought about it the more it became worrisome.
“Cas!” Dean cried out.
“What is so funny?” She asked, glaring at him.
“Sorry, Sammy. I guess I have to practice that,” replied Dean.
“Miracle?” Cas asked, tilting his head.
Jack put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Dad, you have to go.”
He sat up, letting his eyes adjust to the room. His roommate was talking loudly in their small living area. The dorm wasn’t very big, two closet sized rooms next to each other, an even smaller bathroom and a tiny living area. Cas never understood how Raphael was able to have more than one friend at a time over.
“So how long is that going to take?”
Dean turned the corner at the general store, it was a residential street, lined with quaint houses with small yards out front and more normal sized ones in the back. He would normally take this route with Miracle, since there was a small dog park at the end of the street. Halfway down the road Dean stopped. An uneasy feeling washed over him.
“Me too,” Dean says, cuddling up to him.
“See you at midnight,” he says and breaks away from Dean’s grip. Dean watches him pass from his sight behind the shrubs bordering his property, releasing a breath. He’s exhausted but probably won’t be able to catch any sleep now. Why at midnight, why not now? Yesterday Cas seemed to be terrified by nightfall and now he wants to meet up in the pitch dark woods. Dean will have to get some gear ready.
“How dare you,” he hisses over the eggs, scooping a chunk and moving onto the bacon, “You had no right to mess with my Dad’s head.”
“How does that make you feel?”
-ioascc
“They mind that you're a man, they want me to sleep downstairs.” Dean finally allows his upper body to be pulled into Cas’ lap, the other man holding onto him while he cries into his stomach.
“Is there anything I can do?”
It’s Castiel’s shirt. And fuck him does it smell amazing. Home, fresh mountain air, and the soft spicy scent of fir trees invade Dean’s senses making his inner Omega whine. The arousing scent, the tease of his Alpha makes his eyes well up with tears. Never in his life did he expect this. Not once did it ever pass his mind that he’d have a true mate.
Agreeing with the black bean crumble, but not the tofu and definitely not the abomination that is vegan cheese, Castiel grabs one of their market bags and decides to walk the few miles to the store. He’s never done it before, walked by himself, but in good conscience he cannot butcher Mary Winchester’s recipe and feed Sam’s nephew a Frankenstien’s monster of a meal. The walk is pleasant, it’s just the start of summer so the heat isn’t unbearable, and when he reaches the cool air conditioned grocery store it’s a relief. His skin cools rapidly and he breaks out in goosebumps.
” he stops and pauses here, “
“I know.” Dean laughs in agreement and they finish their treat with smiles on their lips and naked joy in their eyes.
“Under no circumstances will you let go of this post,” he commands and Dean shivers, nodding eagerly, “Do you need to be gagged again? Or are you going to be my good boy and be quiet?”
“You’re an idiot.”
He’s high on his disobedience, on his quiet rebellion. Not even a severe punishment could bring Castiel down from the clouds where he’s currently soaring.
“I-” Sam starts and stops, his face morphing and changing through a myriad of emotions and then he lets out a big sigh, “Please make sure the next time you leave the house that your phone is charged?”
“Yes, it was normal. It was good and I enjoyed doing it even after having an episode…” Castiel words trail off and become quiet. Introspection weighs heavily, he can’t believe the ridiculous therapist is right about this… maybe he should just push through and engage more.
, but that was beyond Dean’s understanding at this moment.)
“Didn’t realize, it was at the bottom of the bargain bin,” Sam states, holding out his hand for the book. Taking it from Castiel’s hands, he looks it over once again, it’s old and worn, the hardback binding broken but with fragrant pagest. The gold still glinted in the sun though.
“Hey Dad,” Jack sighs into his shoulder, holding tightly onto him.
spreads through Dean’s body, and instantly the nausea is gone.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Dean. We’ve just… we’ve known for quite some time? You guys are pretty obvious,” Charlie shrugs and smiles as some sort of adorable apology.
Dean exasperates, as they walk towards the cafe. Dodging the early church attendees dressed in their finery.
“Hello,” Cas greets and shakes the hand that is offered to him.
After the long day of filming, they all head back to Charlie’s apartment to have a few beers and to watch mindless TV. It’s been Charlie’s way to connect as a group and to relax after being in front of the camera all day. Dean spreads his body out on the love seat, dozing on and off, listening to the others chat in the kitchen. The sun has always made him sleepy, ever since he was a child. As he dozes, he can hear the sweet sounds of laughter, teasing, and he even hears Gabe rummage around Charlie’s pantry complaining about her lack of sweets. Dean sinks further into the couch, feeling the ceiling fan breeze air on his overheated slightly pink skin. Lamenting at the fact he will have more freckles dotting his nose tomorrow.
It’s eight now, Garth keeps eight to nine blocked off for emergency appointments. Cas rolls out from the couch, puts on the clothes Sam provides, and Sam helps him slide on his slippers. They shuffle to the car and make it to Garth's office in record time. Sam casts worried glances at him the whole time. Instead of waiting outside in the car, Sam comes into the office and into the waiting room. His presence is a soft hand on his back.
“No morning kiss?”
“Everyone clap,” Castiel sings and the other two clap, “everyone sing,”
“Is it your birthday?”
” the deep gravel voice whispers, subdued and hushed.
With a mischievous twinkle, Cas looks up at Dean, his tone all false innocence, “What can I do for you, Dean?” His fingers running up and down Dean’s crack, a finger pushing against his hole but not entering.
” Castiel sighs wearily.
“I’m here too!” Sam calls out from his position in his chair, “Not that I matter.”
“Wanna say that again?” Dean asks, chest to chest with Cas. He looks down his nose at Cas, who looks back at him with steely determination. Their height difference used to be so minimal when Cas was buzzing with grace, now it feels like a chasm.
. He’s not so sure now. It seems like a faraway dream. Like lying in the hammock in the backyard, he can hear the lives around him but he won’t be able to have one himself.
“Pretty far,” Dean grunts in response, as he viciously takes a huge bite out of his ice cream. The chill zings into his brain harshly, pressing his tongue to the roof of his mouth… Dean wills the brain freeze to go away.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel praises and Dean muffles his moans, and fights his eyes from rolling back into his head.
Cas is standing at the door of the other unit, with his keys in the lock, and the door open.
“No, I just normally don’t talk about it.”
“Alright,” Dean grunts and pauses. He lets go of the railing and flexes his fingers, letting the blood flow back into them. Letting his thoughts settle. Sam accepts him, Sam doesn’t care. One obstacle down.
Dean nods, squirming. The bindings cut into his wrists, bringing sharp but delicious pain. Heightened, he hears the whistle of the belt and the cut of it through the air before he feels it on his cheek. The tinkling of the belt buckle is music to Dean’s ears. The sharp sting of the crack is delayed. Dean’s skin heats and he shifts, his entire being reaching out asking for more.
“Want to?” Dean asks, kissing Cas’ neck and nipping at his ear lobe.
“Sweetheart?” Cas finally finds him, his voice whispers, “Are you asleep?”
Breathing heavily, Dean watches Cas peel off his drenched workout gear, white shirt and black pants, and it slaps loudly against the porcelain tub.
“I don’t judge you for your nerd shirts,” grumbles Dean under his breath.
“Anything you want to share?”
Castiel has a pair of aviators perched on his nose already, looking cool and professional. Dean pops a goofy pair onto his own nose, perfect replicas of Harry Potter’s circular wire rims. He turns to the others, Castiel quirking a smile at them.
“Cas and I are going home,” Dean says, “C’mere. Hug me bye.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Is anyone else hot here or is it just me? Phew. It's gettin' steamy. ;)
“Yes, I’d enjoy that,” he smiles, though it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
“I’m not like you, Dean, you're better than me,” Sam admits softly, picking up the garbage and then frowning at the tangled lights.
Castiel nods, fragments of memories whirl around in his mind. The smell of fresh baked goods, vegetables, and even the scents of people mixing in the open air causes pops of live color flick around in his mind. Going to market was one of the things he loved doing before his time at the ruttery. Fresh vegetables, fruit, and homemade goods were something he looked forward to early Saturday mornings. One of his favorite things to purchase was local honey to combat his seasonal allergies. He’d put it on his toast, in his herbal teas, on his biscuits. Back home, taking honey all year round and with additional antihistamines his allergies were null. Here, his watery itchy eyes, sneezing, and sinus pain were starting to wear him out.
“Yeah,” Dean’s voice is hoarse, “Yeah, of course.”
Dean doesn’t know what it all means, he’s a jumble of thoughts and feelings. All he knows is that one more day, or even week, without Castiel is too long.
blasted out of the tiny boombox speakers while Dean mopped the back.
“What specifically is
“Fair enough.”
“I love this place,” Castiel comments quietly as the car rolls up to the old diner, “They make the best cranberry pie.”
“Bollywood,” Cas laughs, “You were serious when you said she was a fan. She made me promise her to teach her a few moves after Sam makes her some margaritas.”
He can hear a small huff of deep laughter from Gadreel and then the clearing of his throat,
“Well, come here,” Dean says and scoots over in his chair. With some grumbling Cas gets up, his own face looks downright hilariously petulant. Two very large men are squished into the recliner and it’s not until Castiel is in his arms that the thrumming is quiet and Dean can relax.
“Yes! Let’s go! I want to elbow a Black Thursday shopper,” Eileen cheers and takes a long swallow of her margarita. Bloodthirsty woman.
Till next time.
“They’ll dry, love,” Cas shrugs, “Just shoes.”
“More in control, I guess.” He doesn’t actually know, because Garth just nods and seems to somewhat accept his answer.
The two Alphas sit in silence, watching the clock tick until it’s time for Castiel to go inside for his appointment. It’s easy silence, it doesn’t weigh a ton against Castiel’s slight frame. He can breathe easy around Sam, the other Alpha becoming his makeshift family. Better than family really.
“Yes, Dean.”
“No roots?” Dean grunts, the count in his head displaced for a second but he starts up again.
Dean trails behind him, hand running up the cool wood of the banister up to Castiel’s huge room. Every step feels heavy with importance. When they finally get to the room, Dean feels like he’s been holding his breath. The scent of cardboard boxes fills the space along with what Dean knows now as Castiel’s minty soap smell. Flicking on the TV to something for background noise, Cas flops down on the king-sized bed and pats the space next to him. Toeing off his boots, Dean curls up next to him.
What'd y'all think? I am internally screaming (with excitement) about Dean's discovery that Cas is his true mate. I hope you all enjoy it too.  Also, if you can't tell... I love a good self-love scene.
Groaning loudly and rolling his eyes, Castiel can’t help but smirking at Dean’s tenacity. “Sam looked at tickets, it’s about $800 per person. To do that twice? He just felt that we could stay longer over Christmas than come for Thanksgiving,” Cas responds, meeting up Sam and dropping the things in the cart. The other Alpha just stares at the phone and mouths ‘Jack?’ To which Castiel shakes his head and mouths ‘Dean.’
, here we come,” Dean jokes and presses play.
“Yeah?”
“You know what to do if that is something you want, Dean.”
Without preamble, Castiel states, “Gabriel is an asshole who delights in torturing me, he gets off on knowing that he has made me deeply uncomfortable by teasing both of us. I thought this was the best time to inform you that I’m gay.”
“Green, Castiel.”
“I have corrupted?”
“We are going to walk slowly up to him, just like we did before,” the Officer states, “Then you’ll be able to talk to him.”
In true Winchester fashion, his ‘
“But?”
“You sneak a beer into your grandfather?” Mary whispers, not wanting Millie to hear. She’s at the kitchen table, engrossed in a few cookbooks that Mary has laid out.
“If I am so amazing, Dean, why would I waste my time and emotions on someone who is a pathetic disaster?” Castiel softly questions, like a big jungle cat he slowly stalks his way towards Dean. Until they are chest to chest. His question is soft, deadly, a purr of a trap. Castiel’s other hand glides up Dean’s arm and frames his jaw. His thumb slowly grazing Dean’s bottom lip. His thumb smoothing out the indentations where Dean had bit down hard.
“Are you going to kill me?” Dean asks, dropping his hands in his lap and wringing his hands out of Castiel’s sight. He doesn’t even know why he bothers to ask, he knows instinctively that Castiel isn’t going to kill him.
“No,” Dean says and swallows, looking up at Cas, “They didn’t even give me a chance. My Mom… she told me she minded and she didn’t want to talk about it. We left the next morning.”
and closes the app. He bids Jack a good morning and lets him know that he’s played his turn. It’s a quiet morning and Castiel falls asleep feeling a bit better than before.
Staring into each other’s eyes, Dean can see the sadness clouding Castiel’s. Smiling sadly, Dean kisses his forehead and breathes in the smell that is
Dean comments softly, his words deep and his countenance affected. Both are still naked, both physically and emotionally now. He looks so happy, Castiel’s heart may burst.
“But it is.”
Castiel doesn’t understand the reference to a Catfish, but he nods anyway and Dean continues his rambling.
“Yes, he’s already put his two cents in.”
“What does that say?” Cas questions, just like Garth schooled him too when they discussed the nature of his relationship with Dean. Garth is supportive, as always, but Castiel can tell he doesn’t care that Castiel is keeping secrets from Sam for literally months. It was the way Garth nodded and pinched his lips together that gave him away.
“He’s going to say
“Yeah, man. That was probably the least graceful thing I’ve ever seen you do,” Dean admits, crawling on the bed towards him.
Dean will regret it later, but he’s unable to deny Castiel his wants. They undress jerkily, with shy smiles on their faces. They enjoy exploring each other, taking their time until Cas is pliant and eager beneath his hands. Cas is uninhibited with his praise and his moans, and Dean drinks it all in. Joining together is nothing like Dean’s ever experienced, it’s both similar and dissimilar from sleeping with women.
He didn’t expect his brother to instantly call him, phone buzzing in his hand, Sam fumbled with his cell and clumsily stepped out of his office and into the living room.
When he gets into Sam’s car, Sam tosses a box that rattles like pills at him. Catching it quickly, Cas doesn’t even try to stop the pleased smile that spreads across his face… a huge bottle of antihistamines. He might not be able to have a mate, but building a family is within his realm of achievement. Sam was very passionate about becoming his family earlier… maybe the other Alpha was honest in his desire to become Castiel’s new family.
“Home?” Dean asks, even though he knows that they are indeed home. Sam had messaged him that they did get home and he was feeding Jack a sandwich. Castiel had refused to eat.
Stepping into the water, Dean dick twitches in a sad Pavlovian response… as if it's searching for Cas. Dejected, Dean drops his arms behind the shower spray so his face is directly in the stream. Trying to drown out any desire… it doesn’t work. The water runs down his abdomen and teases him.
“Yeah, good. Bye,” Dean said, pushing him towards the door to finally get him out of here.
“That’s not fair. He’s got work stuff tonight, he said so, and he’s just nervous about messing things up with his brother-in-law. He wants you to like him.”
“It’s a symbol of protection,” Dean says.
Like you needed to continue this sham even behind closed doors to be close to me. I’m not pretending, just so you know. My feelings for you are real.” Cas feels naked, vulnerable now that it’s out. Dean could crush him with his pinky finger if he wanted to.
“Will do,” Dean promises, dishonestly, though she’s probably aware of that. “And you tell me if your database spits out something.”
“Then why did you go?” Cas tilts his head, trying to make sense of this weird human convention.
“Doesn’t matter. Later,” he sighed and kissed Dean’s neck.
Neither of them talked for a minute. “We miss you, Cas,” Meg resumed.
“No, no, no, no,” he speaks to himself. “Don’t be ridiculous.” The iPod is old and has been acting up in the past. There’s a technical problem, that’s all.
“Aha… So Lucy’s just taking whatever she can get. Not picky, I see,” Dean says as he steers the Impala out of the parking lot and heads for the highway.
He throws the door open and it takes him a moment to realize that it’s Cas standing by the washstand, drying his hands with a paper towel.
“That woman’s a nightmare,” Cas says, voice low. “I’m already much better now.”
“Not at any price,” Cas said, still calm. “Sometimes I wonder if you even still want to be with me. Maybe you’re doing this to drive me away.”
“Oh, I miss her, too. But we’re seeing her again very soon,” her wife said and pulled her into a hug.
“No,” Cas says.
“Anything you want.”
“Cas, I can’t move,” he pants.
“My ass can take a lot more than you think,” he says and a shiver runs down Dean’s spine.
“Why?”
He takes a seat at the counter and orders his drink while studying the menu. A dark-haired woman meets his eye from across the room. She's obviously there with friends but not really following the conversation at her table. Dean smiles back. Then his heart sinks. This is not what he wants. It might have been once. Now, though... He takes a sip from his beer and asks for the check.
“By the end of this vacation I want you two to have cut the crap and settled this stupid dispute. So neither of you is getting this promotion. End of story. This ship has sailed. Get over it. And I know there’s more to what you’re willing to admit. You like each other so grow some balls and talk about it.”
Why do small town folks always have to gossip so much? Even the sheriff the does it.
Not really out of nowhere, still somehow unexpected, Dean’s fingers closed around his erection, beginning to pump him slowly. The pleasure that shot through his body made his grip on Dean’s dick tighten until both of them were sighing weakly.
It doesn’t take long for the crowd to sing along as well—everyone knows the lyrics to the song anyway. Dean and Benny really lean into it when the chorus starts. It’s hilarious but Cas still feels his face getting hot and he isn’t even the one in the spotlight. Dean is an awful singer, yet it warms his heart to see him there. He doesn’t care what other people think. He isn’t as stiff and tight-lipped as Cas is most of the time. Cas wants him to know that he isn’t always like this, that he
“With you leading, there can’t go anything wrong,” Dean says and at the count of 5-6-7-8, Cas gives him a slight push and they’re dancing, just like Balthazar and Anna have taught them.
“I put a little rum in it, too,” Cas adds.
“You’re right, as always,” he said before hugging her one last time. He really needed to go to bed now as he needed to get up soon again and have to deal with Palpatine…also for the last time.
“Can you hear it too?” Cas yells over the uproar.
“So, what did you think?” Cas asks before putting a salmon canapé into his mouth.
Balt looks like he knows what’s coming but doesn’t interrupt him.
Then, finally, the professor stacked his papers and dismissed the class.
“Thanks, I’m good,” Jody says, following him and closing the door behind her. “So, where is he?”
“Because without her I might never have gotten to know you so well.”
“We can go to Hawaii another time,” the angel says as if Dean needs cheering up.
“Yes,” Cas sighed against his skin. “I missed sleeping next to you.”
Cas looks at him like he requested something impossible from him.
“You in particular know that this is not true,” Ketch says.
Dean’s face was so read from laughter that Cas started to worry about him. “Dean, calm down.”
“How about you sit with Cas and I make the tea.” It’s not an option. And Dean is certain it’s safe to leave her alone with Cas for a minute.
“My point is that I am single and don’t need much space. You have a daughter who stays at your place from time to time and a boyfriend. Maybe, sometime, when things go well between you two, you might wanna move in together, who knows. Cas told me his apartment isn’t that big either. You’d have to look and hope to find something not too pricey…”
“Castiel,” Rowena says, rushing towards him. “Is everything alright?”
hot, Cas,” he confirmed. “How is that news to you?”
He realized that his aimless wandering had brought him to the hallway Charlie’s room was in. It was hopeless. He didn’t want to be a burden to her but he was also sick of strolling across the building.
“Hey,” Cas says and comes chest to chest with him. “I know you’re terrified right now. But you also were because of Sam and Emma meeting today for the first time and look how fine everything turned out.”
Dean is leaning against the kitchen counter. “Castiel,” he says and when he sees her look of disbelief, “at least that’s what he said.”
Michael had been friendly so far, but mostly avoided speaking to him, though he apologized to Dean for his behavior the last time they had seen each other.
Soon it was September and Dean was to fly to California for his brother’s wedding. He had spent hours on Skype with Eileen’s sister, practicing his first man speech, and also rehearsing the signing and talking at the same time at the cemetery, Cas and some wild animals being an attentive audience. He had already gotten used to the—mostly elder—people walking by, alienated by his quirkiness, pointing fingers and possibly spreading rumors about him in hushed voices. As long as no-one escorted him off the premises and officially banned him from the graveyard, he would continue to come here as often as he liked. He didn’t disturb the peace of the dead or anything, so why would they? This was a public space and Dean paid his taxes.
“I know,” Mary says. “How did he find out anyway? I don’t suppose he suddenly got interested in the details after all this time.”
“Hey, you alright?” Dean asked when they had returned to the living room, noticing Cas’s bleary eyes. The fact that Dean had a hand on his back as Cas sat down next to him didn’t really help.
“Leave her alone, Novak,” Dean interjects.
He missed Dean sometimes. Okay, quite often. They were nice to each other and they could still talk, but they seldom hugged now and Dean didn’t touch him as much as he used to. A hand on Cas’s back or his shoulder, small gestures like that. Gestures of affection.
“I’ve had some practice with my brother’s children,” he explained.
Dean quickly closed the hood and turned around. “Sorry. I just wanted to take a look.” The young man opposite him was tall and bulky. “That’s a real treasure you have there,” Dean said.
“I didn’t know there was such a thing,” Dean admits, his voice small. “I always thought people like you were, I guess, undecided.”
They really needed to talk about this.
As he said, he’s back a few minutes later and he’s bought something.
“Meg,” Cas said. “She’s at Notre Dame now but we’re dealing with the situation pretty well. At least I think we do.”
“I’m captain?” Charlie asked, touched, questioningly pointing a finger to her chest.
“But… Okay, I had no clue how to sneak around the hotel without getting caught so I asked Charlie for advice and she came up with the most obvious solution, though I doubt they would’ve let two boys stay here all on their own, but when a responsible-looking girl tags along, we’re good to go. And Meg was just collateral damage.”
“Did the attacker use any instruments to remove the eyes?” Cas asks.
“What did you do to make him like you?” Sam asked his brother.
Dean’s T-shirt is still on and when Cas attempts to push it up, Dean stops him.
“Yes. Nothing out of the ordinary. Ashley was a pretty, young woman and Marina a talented photographer. I’m not sure if Mrs. Graham still wants to use them but I don’t think so.”
“I was curious about the beach,” he says.
When the parents returned they tried to act normal but Cas wanted to do nothing more than throw himself at Dean and kiss him until their lips were red and swollen.
He suddenly stopped dead in his tracks as he was about to climb into his car.
“Was it love at first sight?” Rowena asks.
“Oh, this sounds great,” Kelly says, oblivious to the moment they’re having. “Jackie had a few lessons when he was little.”
They finish their donuts in silence. Then, while she wipes her uniform clean with a napkin, she asks, gesturing him to sit, “So, what’s been eating at you?”
“Do we have some volunteers?” Amara asks. There’s a brief moment of silence but then someone in the crowd raises their voices and people make room to let them through. “Dean Winchester and Benny Lafitte, everyone,” she says and Cas is already dying of second hand embarrassment. Yet, a tiny part of him wishes he’d have the confidence to stand up there next to Dean.
“Yeah, I’d like to do that,” Dean said, already imagining them on the beach enjoying the beautiful sunset.
His voice is still clear but shaky.
“Yeah, would you like to come with us today?” Jesse asks. “It’s for beginners also so you don’t have to know anything yet.”
"Let's just go home now," Sam says. "Just get out of this place. Please."
Dean hugs her tightly and Cas is a bit caught off guard when he begins to gesticulate his hands and fingers at her and she cheerfully salutes him, brushes her palms together and then touches her fingertips after what was probably their introduction.
“Fuck…Cas,” he panted. “My ass is numb.”
“You’re cute when you say things like that,” Meg says and Cas’s eyes go wide with horror. Did she actually just say he’s cute? Was Dean right about her?
“Hi there,” he says and offers her his hand, too. “Your daughter?” he asks Cas.
“Yes. They’re really sweet together. You’re gonna like her.”
“Do you think we’re ready for a child? We’d need a bigger house.”
Cas isn’t in the mood to reply. On the one hand he’s glad he’ll have a basically brand new car, on the other hand he’s upset it needs much more repairing than he’d anticipated. And he doesn’t even want to think about what that’s gonna cost.
“What should we expect?” Sam says.
John cleared his throat. “Yes,” he hissed reluctantly behind his teeth.
“I will. Thank you.”
“My job, Dean,” Cas replied, now looking at him. “I quit my job, my life. I didn’t know where to go, so I came to Kansas City without even knowing what I’m supposed to do here.” Cas looked like he was going to be sick.
Here's a friendly reminder to give me all the comments. Please, I'm needy!
“Giving you a BJ to calm you down,” he said and slid closer on the bench.
“Hey, you two, everything alright? Did you sleep well?”
“But Mrs. Graham said she gave the panties to her.”
Aaron was right. He had only been to Dean’s room a couple of times and nothing more than a single blowjob had happened there so far. Before certain things had (not) occurred, Dean would have just asked Cas to give him some privacy, like he had done when he had been with Jamie. Cas knew that he was dating Aaron now and they had been introduced to each other and he was probably aware that he and Aaron were fucking but Dean didn’t dare discussing his love life with Cas. That had become somewhat of a taboo. Cas had stopped asking for advice regarding that topic and Dean didn’t mention what he was doing with Aaron.
Charlie was about to say something but Cas cut her off. “Really? That’s the first thing that comes to your mind?”
“Tell me about your time with Donna,” he says then.
“Thanks, mom,” he croaked and his mother knew for sure about the amount of gratefulness he wasn’t really able to put into words right now.
“You’re cops? Yeah, sure,” Athena huffs in disbelief.
He has the approval of his mom and brother but Emma hasn’t said a word since her comment from before.
with us.”
“You said earlier that you don’t know where you came from,” Dean says.
Needless to say, Cas doesn’t reply.
“How do you know?”
“So, uh, this is it,” Cas says, self-conscious, when Dean takes a first look. “The, um, the kitchen is over there,” he says and leads the way.
“Wait until you’ve tried the beer,” Dean says and waves at the bartender.
Honestly, Cas would have much rather stayed there a little longer, just he and Dean talking a bit more. He was anxious Dean could have chatted enough with him for tonight already and would much rather have a conversation with someone else now which would leave Cas to himself again—or to Garth.
Dean had been lost in thought for a while, sitting at his table on his own and toying with the tumbler of whiskey in his hand. He was startled by a familiar voice asking, “Mind if I sit?”
Dean has pulled Cas towards him by the front of his shirt. He’s kissing him.
He gives Cas a deep, long kiss, hand still tight around him, dragging it up and down. Then, he turns towards Cas, draping his body now over him completely, lowering himself so that their groins meet, feeling Cas’s thick length slide into place against his and it feels amazing. He thrusts his hip forward once and lets out a groan. “You feel amazing,” he sighs because it needs saying.
“What are you thinking?” Cas asks, carding his fingers through sandy brown hair, when Dean hasn’t talked for a while. He’s just staring at the ceiling.
“Claire, you can’t stay here. I’m sorry.”
Aha, so he’s rich. Didn’t have to work a day in his life to get a top level job, unlike Dean who owes everything he has to no-one but himself and hard work.
“Good,” Dean replies and drags Cas with him onto the bed.
“Got it.”
Cas looked at him with weary eyes.
“Have you settled in already?” Dean asks after a short pause.
“And, honestly, I’m not fully convinced yet there’s actually some sort of ghost in this house. But what I’m sure of is that you’re having some issues right now and you need a friend.”
“Yeah?”
“That’s good to hear. I was, too. Montevideo is beautiful. I regret not having planned more time here.”
Rowena and Balt each hold one of his hands, squeezing, and Dean can feel that they’re holding their breaths. So is he. Not because he’s anxious for Cas any longer, but because he looks stunning. The way his brow is arched, lips unmoving. His hair is a bit messed up as if he’s been running a hand through it, like he tends to when he’s thinking. It suits him.
