"It doesn't sound stupid, Cas", Dean interrupted him, smiled when hopeful blue eyes looked up at him. "It doesn't sound stupid at all. It sounds perfect."
"It would." Cas is the one strictly looking ahead now, Dean's gaze burning in his side. "If I hadn't healed it." He sighs, turns to finally lock eyes with the stunned hunter. "My healing doesn't only take care of external damage, Dean."
Maybe not. But then, Lucifer didn't do random. There was a plan behind his actions, a purpose...and if it was just to drive a wedge between them, destroying them from within because they had crossed him one time too many.
that had taken over Dean's heart for so long, making him wish and hope and long and need and want and hurt...
Nevertheless, this, like all the finale fix-its I'm sure, comes from a deep place in my seriously scarred and traumatised spn-loving heart. I'm writing this for my sanity. I'm writing this so I can sleep at night. So if there's only one of you that still needs reading material for the same cause or even just for distraction or a moment of joy or whatever, I hope this can help.
"Ah, Cas", Dean grins and wobbles his eyebrows, trying to get a smile out of the blushing angel. "Is it something kinky?"
, he had promised), but it was the only thing that came to him that might work if he just managed to do it right.
And that was how they found themselves here now, Dean with a wall in his back, his knuckles slightly swollen, the cold night air clearing his head off the alcohol in his blood and an angel yelling at him.
Dean's breathing was slow and even, calming Cas and inviting him to copy its rhythm. Silence settled, but it wasn't heavy and pressing like before, with Cas concentrated fully on keeping his hand moving, both hands once he felt secure enough to let a second join. They mapped out the planes of Dean's torso, the lines of his chest and up to his shoulders, wandering down his arms and back up.
"I love you so frickin much, you know that?" Now that he's started saying it, he doesn't seem to be able to stop. Maybe his body tries to make up for all the times he's thought it but was too much of a coward to actually say it out loud.
"God, no", he breathed, a relief to himself as much as to Cas. "Never. Before...this. I dreaded having to go back, Cas", he admitted. "To the way things were. Pretend that everything was the same? After I'd seen what you look like in your sleep? After knowing how it is to wake up with you? After knowing what it feels like to be allowed to touch you...I dunno if I could've done it, Cas."
Cas looked up at him for a second, the sentence hanging in the air, but then his eyes lowered, his hand began to draw back. Dean caught it in his, pulling it back to his face to press a kiss to Cas' palm.
He wanted to step forward again, grab the angel and crush their mouths together like he'd done outside that bar, but he found his feet frozen to the ground, his arms motionless by his sides.
Wasn't like he'd been on the verge of blurting out the deepest secrets of his soul anyway as soon as he laid eyes on Cas.
He's standing in the doorway to the library, shoulder leaned against the frame, arms crossed in front of his chest. He watches how Sam hugs Eileen for the first time in weeks and his heart aches. There are so many echoes of hugs with Cas he can still feel on himself like phantom touches, warm arms wrapped around him, joy and relief seeping from the angel and flooding his insides with something heavy and pleasant, something grounding. It's been That Day, the last time they hugged, and even then it hadn't actually been a
you", Cas' soft, cautious voice rips him back to the angel sitting in front of him, "not because of you."
And who would ever have thought that that someone would even exist, let alone turn out to be an angel, gripping him tight and raising him from perdition, among other things.
"I love you", he said, because now that he'd said it once, he didn't seem able to stop. Maybe all the unspoken
It was a strange feeling, the tentative way their tongues met for the first time, the careful dance they created, so different from everything Cas had experienced before. How often had he imagined what it would be like? And when it finally happened, it had been nothing like his dreams. Of course it hadn't. Just because it had been Dean's body didn't make it
"It was an accident on my part", he said, "I couldn't have foreseen the effect your soul would be having on me, I had never seen its equal, couldn't stop how my grace refused to let go. But you..." Cas shook his head with a smile. "Your soul seemed to be clutching back, Dean, as if it didn't want me to let go, wanted me to...to claim it. But not as a possession. As a gift. It wanted to
"I have to be realistic here, Sam. I don't know the damage this has done, ok?" (And they both knew he was far from talking about external wounds here.) "I don't know where that motherfucker is, I don't know why he did it, I don't know what Cas will say, I-" He sighed, resigned. "I just gotta prepare myself for every possibility."
"If this is really what worries you", Cas says, stroking over one of Dean's cheeks with his thumb, "I promise you have nothing to fear. In Sodom and Gomorrah, they were
He couldn't. Of course he couldn't. Maybe he just couldn't because deep down, he didn't actually want to. It wasn't all bad, loving Cas. Actually, he kind of liked loving Cas. It was a good feeling, warm and beautiful and fluttery, it was a happy feeling, except for the part with it being quite one-sided, of course. And Dean couldn't think of anyone he'd rather feel stupidly
And when he pulls Dean up and into a kiss, both immediately wrapping around each other, holding each other close while their bodies slowly start rocking together into blissful oblivion, Dean couldn't care less about anything but the angel in his arms.
"Cas, hey." Dean lightly grips Cas' shoulder, a gesture that could be meant to ground Cas or himself. Maybe both. "Hey. Calm down", he says with a smile he hopes will be reassuring. "I'm sure he'll be fine, ok?"
He'd gotten used to the new stage of arousal that had made him panic so much that first time, and even though they hadn't ever attempted to actually do something about it, Cas found himself more and more curious about the possibility. He'd soon established for himself that this would give him a completely different kind of pleasure from the one he'd been exposed to that day, a
"It would give me a sense of security I think", Cas agreed slowly, looking at Dean as if asking for a last confirmation that he was actually allowed to accept the offer.
It wasn't as if Dean hadn't known that Sammy would accept everything without questions if he ever told him about the whole...bi thing or whatever. He had known. Kinda. But that didn't mean that he'd ever actually
And all the while he'd had to hold onto the thought that no, this wasn't what he had wanted at all, this had never been what he wanted, not for himself, and not for Dean either, being forced to touch him, being used just as much as Cas was himself.
Because they still don't know. They still don't know what it was, why the Empty didn't take Cas like it was supposed to, like it
It was too exhausting, took too much energy, punishing himself for something he knew he couldn't change. There was no use in being embarrassed by who you were. The world was going to judge you no matter what you did.
"Hey, you wanna- Ehm." Dean clears his throat, points his thumb in direction of his room. "I thought I'd take Miracle out for a walk. You wanna come?" Cas smiles again, and it seems...freer, somehow.
Cas wasn't quite sure if he'd heard correctly, perhaps it had just slipped Dean's lips, dizzy with pleasure, but the way it made Cas' heart flutter was no less intense.
He brought a hand up to his own chest, let it settle over one of Cas', holding it there, keeping it where it belonged.
And just for a second, Cas wished he could be free to move on and set his heart on someone else. It would be easier for sure. Less painful, too.
"Dean." Cas' voice dissolved into a whine, wrapping his arms around Dean's shoulders to pull the hunter on top of him, keep him closer. "I need you."
"I mean, what about you, Cas? Neither of us is used to...just living", Dean says, and isn't that a sad truth right there. "I mean, I dunno. Maybe Sammy's got other plans. Geez, maybe
right now. He deserves none of it. "I'm not judging. Honestly. I'm happy for you", Sam says and the truthfulness in his voice knocks the air out of Dean's lungs. "But don't pretend, man, not with me. I'm the one who's been with you two almost every day for the last ten years. I'm not stupid. Or blind", he adds jokingly, trying to lighten the atmosphere. "Or deaf. Or-"
"Dean..." He tilts his head to the side, tries to read what might be going on in the other's head. "Is there- Is there something on your mind? Something that's troubling you?"
, and Cas hadn't even called him out for it. He hadn't been angry like before, he hadn't yelled at Dean and asked what the hell he thought he was doing. He'd just stood there, waited for it to end. And when it did, he'd simply blamed it on Dean's drunkness. Of course he had. Cas -poor, sweet, innocent,
They tried again the next day, and the day after, and the day after that. Each time it would take longer for Cas' flashbacks to emerge as he got more and more used to the feeling of Dean's hands on him. He'd figured out that it helped to try and concentrate on Dean's face, to allow himself to be swallowed by the warm green he loved so much. It reminded him whose touch it was he could feel wandering over his torso wherever his hands led it, reminded him that he'd always asked himself what those hands would feel like.
that thought. Cas wanting no one else to touch him but Dean...to be completely honest there might have been a suspiciously warm feeling in his gut at the thought, but he could hardly indulge his misplaced possessiveness at the risk of Cas having a freakout over someone brushing his arm at the grocery store.
Cas did as he was asked, careful, tentative at first, increasing his pace and pressure with the encouraging sounds Dean made.
"I-" His voice gets lost in the angry sparkle of blue eyes fixed on him, the untypical curse that escaped the angel's mouth. And when has Cas gotten this close, anyway?
"Oh." Cas squinted his eyes thoughtfully, but didn't say any more, so Dean cut in before the awkward silence could spread once again.
Cas kept looking, biting his bottom lip, and Dean could feel the light-heartedness flowing out of his chest, his brow wrinkling.
The sun has made its way across the sky for the last couple of hours without them noticing, slowly cooling the air to a pleasant temperature after a day bathed in the warm rays. Before Cas knows it he realizes that it will soon begin to set.
Hello and sorry for the unusually long wait! I've been writing a fic as a birthday present for one of my friends this last week and sadly didn't have time to continue this as well while working on that. But I'm happy to report that her birthday is tomorrow and I shall return to this as my main project again! Wahoo. To make up for the waiting time I decided to...split the chapter, once again. I know, I know. I do this a lot. But even though that makes the chapter shorter than I planned, it also means I can post sooner! So still a win for you guys, I hope!
, where he comes to stand and looks around, obviously unsure how to proceed. There's a chair in the corner, covered in clothes Dean had ditched on it at the end of the day. Cas looks at it for a long moment, takes a step towards it, throws a questioning glance at Dean.
"You intended for it to take us both, didn't you", Cas continues mercilessly, and Dean still doesn't answer, because where's the point in lying? They both know it's true, anyway.
He didn't need to feel guilty, Cas told himself. Dean never needed to know about the shameful fantasies he had indulged in before. Fantasies that, despite the guilt, the knowledge that Dean would be horrified if he ever found out, Cas couldn't help but look back at fondly. They had been so nice, those dreams. Dreams of warm hands on his skin that brought pleasure and comfort, arms encircling him safely, whispered words and confessions ready to be spoken, willing to be heard...
Cas welcomed him like he had done a thousand times, and Dean kissed him back, eager to make Cas taste his love at last, writing his oath into the angel's mouth with every careful sweep of his tongue. His fingers were busy doing the same, painting promises on Cas' skin that weren't actually promises at all - why promise something that couldn't possibly be broken - they were truths, had been for decades, and would be for many more. It felt good to tell them at last, sharing them with Cas and the rest of the world, just as he always dreamed, never actively dared to hope. There was no hope necessary anymore, now, with his angel in his arms, so he let it transform into devotion, tenderness, love. All was received in the same fashion, something Dean could only describe as humble passion, a hungry gentleness, grateful for being allowed to give and take in equal measure.
"I don't think you understand what you are to me", he said, and he could read in Dean's eyes that no, he didn't, and he was scared to be told, yet craved it like nothing else.
Taking off their own pants was a bit of an awkward affair, partly because it was a new and unfamiliar aspect, partly because it was so slow, yet purposeful. Usually, when Dean took off his pants here, it was to change and go to bed. When he did it with the intention to...do what was supposed to happen this time, it usually wasn't slow. It wasn't even a particularly conscious action, clothes just naturally happened to disappear along the way, quickly and thoughtlessly. Here, now, Dean was aware of every movement of his hand, every sound, buttons popping out of their holes, zippers being opened, Cas shifting in his back, doing the same.
"Nothing", Cas says, confirming Sam's worst suspicion. "We were interrupted before it came to anything. Then there was still Chuck to deal with and...well, it somehow petered out."
Indeed, the first drops have started to fall around them, making dull splashing sounds on the leaves and the ground. Of course, they're not especially dressed for that sort of weather and the veil of drops is quickly getting denser around them, disturbing the quiet surface of the lake.
In his heart, Dean knew Sam was right. He'd known from the beginning. But his head told him it would just turn his world into shards.
And as Cas searched himself, listened inside for the answer, there was a warmth and peacefulness settling in his chest along with the physical fullness his body was experiencing, like a lost piece finally falling into place.
, Cas had said yesterday. It was just what Dean had feared would happen if Cas knew Dean desired him.
Dean could just nod, swallowing hard before breaking their gazes to direct his eyes back to the wings, unable to hold that tension between them for another second. He might have done something stupid otherwise. Something like kissing him and telling him dangerous words like
Then, there's the shit his mind comes up with by itself. As if reality doesn't have enough in store already. His imagination might be even worse. He's used to dreaming about Sammy dying in multiple ways -Dean being too late when he goes through the trials to close the gates of Hell, Sammy making a stupid deal to save him, Dean having to take him out because they failed to get his soul back from the cage.
Dean had just finished a phone call with his brother, telling him it wouldn't be too long now until he could return safely, but he hadn't mentioned the new development between him and Cas, not yet. It didn't seem like a conversation one should have over the phone.
and heard Cas hum contently before continuing his trail across Dean's face before pressing their lips together, and Dean couldn't help but think that he'd finally arrived where he belonged.
Hi, this was weird to write, I hate this, I can't just throw it away, so have it and do with it as you please.
"Y'know, when I...with my tongue, at your lip", Dean tried to clarify not very eloquently. "That was me asking permission. Y'know...? To...deepen the kiss?"
, it escapes his lips, a name he barely ever uses by now), and the angel carries him through it, drinking in the noises escaping Dean's throat.
Dean squirmed slightly under Cas scrutiny, his hand had paused after discarding his last piece of clothing, uncertainly lying on his stomach. Cas let his eyes skip up to Dean's, not surprised to find the hunter already watching him, and a smile curved his lips. He leaned down to kiss Dean softly, a reassurance, an encouragement, an answer to his questioning gaze.
That's all Cas needs. Dean is holding him, pulling him closer, just as if he tries to keep Cas from slipping away again, and it's all Cas has ever wanted. Encouraged by the hunters' eagerness, he allows his own hands to wander, up Dean's arm, over his shoulder, delighting in the shiver that runs through Dean's body when he brushes the patch that had once been adorned with the print of his hand. But he doesn't stop there, scratching over the short hairs in Dean's neck before he tangles his fingers in the thick blond strands.
him to be. He'd be content in giving his love the way Dean is able to accept it. Cas knows that there can never be more. He knows that Dean doesn't want him like that. And it's fine, he tells himself. It's fine because as long as Dean is happy, so is Cas.
But it just wasn't...he didn't know. Something seemed to be missing. He'd never had that problem before (before him), it hadn't really mattered who the chick was, as long as she was hot and available and willing to warm his bed for the night. Dean was experienced enough to make sure they both had a good time. He had never cared that he barely knew their names, he'd liked it that way, quick and casual and without responsibility.
Look at him, a day ago he'd thought it impossible that Dean would want him in any way, and now that he'd been given a little finger, he instantly groped for the whole hand. If this was all Dean would ever be able to give him, then Cas would take it, would cherish it, and would be grateful.
Cas couldn't help it as he felt himself tearing up again, turning his face away to try and hide it, but of course it was a futile endeavour.
He gulps and a shiver runs through his body. He hopes Cas didn't notice. Gladly, the angel seems to be as oblivious as ever.
Even Lisa and Ben. He'd cared about them, too, being the closest he'd ever gotten to having a relationship that wasn't just family, but family
His body kept making out with the woman in his arms, but his mind kept wandering back to Cas, asking himself what he was doing, what they were talking about, what it was that made Cas enjoy that guy's company. It didn't take long until he had to open his eyes again, his head too set on conjuring up images of Cas getting way too friendly with that dude over there. His gaze wandered across the bar, immediately settling on his target.
Dean simply had to pull him into a hug, Cas' head coming to rest on his shoulder, Dean's nose buried in Cas' dark hair. "God, of
They're hopeless hearts just trying to pass through life, every one of his bones is screaming that he doesn't know what to do. He wants to be able to talk to Cas, tell him what he tells him in those conversations he has, the ones that never leave his head. Because every time he tries, all the lines he rehearsed just disappear from his mind.
Dean was pretty sure he forgot to breathe for a solid minute, and surely that was the reason why he suddenly felt so dizzy. (Not the way he could feel Cas' warmth under his hands, the softness of his hair when he dared to rest his cheek on top of the angel's head. Of course not.)
"Yeah, yeah, I know. It's just..." He could hear steps behind him, his brother coming up to lean against the counter beside him where Dean could see him from the corner of his eye. But he didn't look, eyes fixed in front of him.
"Anyway." He claps his hands, shrugging the air of awkwardness like a coat to reveal the usual confident Dean she knows and loves. "Come here!" He opens his arms, waving her over, and Eileen can't help but smile.
"Why did you interfere with Tony in that bar, Dean?", he heard Cas ask, and there was such a delicate vulnerability behind the calm voice, a note of guarded hopefulness that cut through the haze in Dean's mind and cleared the chaos, silenced every sound, erased every picture but the one in front of him. Cas, with that voice and those eyes, ethereal and beautiful and waiting for him to speak.
Dean leaned towards the nightstand, automatically reaching to grab a condom, but Cas caught his wrist, stopping him.
When they finally found and killed Lucifer, it was Dean who rammed the archangel blade into his heart, with a painful twist of his wrist and the words
There's a heavy silence following his words, one that forces Dean to open his eyes again and look at the angel's reaction. Cas seems to be in thoughts, a deep frown engraved on his forehead. Dean waits, watches the wheels turning behind that furrow, the way it finally relaxes, the way his eyes go wide and pliant.
"Cas, I swear if you ask if that was okay, I'm gonna smack you with a pillow", he broke him off, not even trying to control the amused smile spreading on his face. To his delight, he saw Cas' lips quirk up as well, shy and hopeful, and maybe a little bit proud.
At some point around two hours later, he notices Dean getting quieter, his yawns become more frequent, but every time Cas offers to leave, Dean holds him back.
Dean shook his head to himself, as if them being here was as much a miracle to him as it appeared to Cas, as if Cas choosing him was a gift to Dean, not the selfish act of an angel unable to refrain from claiming what he had no right to, the selfish need of a heart loving beyond reason or control.
He hands Cas the green mug in the morning like he always does. The smile he receives is empty and doesn't reach Cas' eyes.
"No need to be such a douche about it", he deflected, hating himself for lowering his eyes guiltily. There was no reason to feel guilty! He'd done nothing wrong. Wasn't like he'd be cheating on Cas or something- Wait. A. Moment. Where the fuck had
"But y'know..." Dean looked just as tired as Cas had felt these last hours, that sad smile still playing on his lips. "I can't tell you all that stuff, Cas. Because I wanna be that person, I wish I could be, but I can't. You deserve so much more than me and I can never..."
A stroke of genius, really. No one would ever be able to tell what it really is, right? Yeah, definitely. Rage is as far from love as anything,
"There's nothing wrong with being nervous, Cas." Dean let a hand trail through Cas' soft messy locks. "I'm nervous, too", he admitted. "But I'm also excited. I want you. But one word from you and we'll stop."
"I- I don't..." Dean swallowed. His heart screamed that Sam was right, that Cas had to know, would never believe Dean was capable of something like this- But his head showed him flashes of what he'd done, his own voice as a vicious snarl echoing in his ears, words that were constructed to sound like it was Dean speaking, giving no sign of another being behind his actions but the fact that they were spoken at all.
"Dean." Cas smiles at him, open and brilliant. He rarely uses pet names, doesn't see any need for them. Dean's name holds so much meaning to him that there's nothing that would be able to compare, and he makes sure to say it with so much reverence that no one could have any doubt what it means. "It's perfect, thank you."
"Seriously, Cas? It was just groceries", was what he said, shrugging it off before he might do something embarrassing like
And damnit, he sounds so needy already, and Dean doesn't have to ask what he means. They've been switching before, a circumstance that they both seem to enjoy a great deal, but it's usually Dean who asks for one or the other - or well, it's usually Cas who manages to coax it out of him. That it's Cas who's asking now...
to look. He sees how Cas breathes out when their eyes meet, a soft peacefulness settling over his features, the hint of a smile forming in the corner of his mouth.
Anyway, I'll let you go and read, I hope you're gonna like this little wrap-up, and for the last time: Enjoy the chapter, I'd love to hear your thoughts <3
"From where?" Cas' voice dipped down into a growl, the sound sending an involuntary shiver down Dean's spine.
"Oh, you know", Sam tries to sound as casual as possible, biting back the grin that threatens to give him away, "I just thought you might need to...gather some strength."
"And that stuff you said about..." Dean swallowed hard, "not even being able to give me...this?" The thumb on Cas' back skipped out to stroke down his side. "Get that out of your head real fast. For one, you'll get there. I promise. And second, I meant it when I told you this is not for me. You don't need to do anything for me to earn your place here, not in our home, and certainly not in this bed."
Cas leaned back a little, just enough to be able to look at Dean without missing his closeness too much.
He ripped his eyes away, stared down into the dark brown liquid instead as he wrapped his hand around the ceramic to let the warmth it radiated seep in. It just reminded him of the way Dean's skin had felt through the thin fabric of his shit as Cas' hands pinned him to the wall.
on his lips. He saw the grace flare in his eyes, barely caught a glimpse of wings scorched into the wall as Dean already turned back and crossed the room to gather
"Stronger?" Cas seems just as confused as Sam had been himself receiving that information. "But that...makes no sense", he murmurs as if speaking more to himself, eyes wandering over the floor at their feet. When they snap back up, there's a hint of nervousness wrapped up in the tangle of emotion. He opens his mouth, closes it again, licks his lips. "Have you spoken to Dean about this?"
I feel like with this step made we're really getting close to the end of this fic by now, guys. Could swear I literally just started it. How did this happen. Anyway. We still got a couple chapters to go, promise.
"You were gone so quickly I didn't even really get to say hi", she says to Dean, sprinkling a hint of reproach into her voice, just for good measure. (She can't help it, ok? Getting The Dean Winchester all flustered is a skill, and an amusing one at that.) She silently congratulates herself when he grins a little guiltily.
"Cas?!" He even looks in Sammy's room, even though he can think of no reason whatsoever why Cas should be in there. (Not that he has any reason to be in Dean's room, either, and it had been pure coincidence that he'd checked there first. Really.)
"Yeah, yeah." So he'd have to tell him more bad news now, huh? Great. "I know. But there's..." He trailed off, looked down to his hands he'd folded in his lap, feeling Cas' gaze bore into him.
, to put a hand on his neck and weave fingers into his hair and pull him in until he had no other choice but to give into this desire and finally allow himself to receive what he'd longed for. He wanted to feel Cas stroking a thumb over his cheek and whisper his name against his lips and to kiss the very air out of Dean's lungs until all he needed to live on was the feel and smell and taste of
Cas rolls his eyes at him, but can't suppress the smile spreading across his own face when he leans back again, pulling Dean along at his shirt. The other man follows willingly, still smirking against Cas' lips when he kisses him. Cas makes it his personal mission to wipe that smirk off his face, and a well-placed hand on Dean's ass to get their bodies flush together certainly does the trick. He lifts his hips to get back to where they left off as soon as possible, but even though Dean responds, his movements seem guarded, less enthusiastic than before.
Anyway, I hope this chapter will answer at least some of the questions our prologue left open...prepare for pain, I guess. Hope you enjoy it tho ahhahaha.
Many years have passed like that already, with Cas trying to give in every way he knows how, praying it won't be rejected. In return, he lives on moments, words, gestures. He's learned to read them, learned to see the love written in between the lines.
Dean's eyes found Cas' face, nerves and fear plainly written in every feature, and the storm inside Dean instantly stilled. It was all blown out, all the fighting emotions, all the screaming voices, leaving only calm silence filled with empathy and worry as he watched the angel struggle above him.
He pulled himself together at day, because that's what Cas needed him to do. He didn't want to burden Cas further, so he stayed strong, played strong, but that didn't mean he wasn't secretly falling apart by the seams.
And yet, the prospect of being wholly unable to experience them, if only theoretically... Rationally, Cas knew it didn't change a thing. And yet somehow the thought was unbearable.
"Did you- Did you just have your fingers in my hair?" He sounds sleepy, just one eye popped open from where he's tucked into Cas' side. Cas doesn't have enough time or mental capacity to notice that he isn't freaking out about their current position.
The better strategy was of course to deny those feeling even existed, swallow everything down as far as possible and hope that it would be far enough to never see the light of day again.
. (Dean knows this isn't truly Cas, not all of him, not his true form, but it's not just a vessel, either. It's Cas' body now, as much as it once was Jimmy's, and he knows Cas has grown to see it as such. He likes it even, and well, so does Dean.) He follows the rosy colour as it spreads down the angel's chest, and Dean instinctively flashes a glance at Cas' pants as well. Getting rid of his own uncomfortable jeans is a tempting thought, but the obvious bulge displayed there makes him lose his nerves. Not that the thought of affecting Cas like that isn't the hottest thing ever, but... Shit, he's nervous. And aroused. And excited. And thrilled and scared and
"Oookay...?" Dean raises an expectant eyebrow, the hint of an insecure but promising smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
"I thought so." She doesn't let anything show about her noticing his nerves. Better keep him comfortable.
His white-knuckled grip loosens to bury his face in his hands instead. It's too much. He's feeling to much stuff at the same time. Anger, frustration, with himself, with Cas. Longing, hope, want,
Dean hadn't quite known what to do with himself after that, and the only answer to the sincere smile on Jack's face had been to hug the boy tightly, telling him that it's a very good thing indeed.
If he would dream, it would be of him, and he's not ashamed of it. If he is to bestow this kind of love on anyone, he's proud his heart had chosen someone like Dean. Dean Winchester, who doesn't trust easily but loves fiercely, who thinks too little of himself and too much of his faults, who drinks too much because he cares too much, who started up as Castiel's mission and became Cas' friend, who takes up all of his time and all of his thoughts and all of his heart.
"Bed...", he heard himself gasp between kisses, couldn't even bother panicking about what it might mean for them to take that step, because
He had stayed perfectly still, body stiff, mouth closed and unresponsive against Dean's insistent lips.
"But she tracked one of the vamps down and used it as lead to the nest. Small one, maybe six, seven. Smart ones, though. Careful. They'd caged the victims, kept them alive to feed on them for a while and burned the bodies to leave no traces. Took them out all by herself."
"Castiel." Tony let the name slowly roll over his tongue, hummed thoughtfully. "Hm. Unique. Beautiful", he added with a smile.
"Oh, shit." Sam lets out a bark of laughter, trying to remember what he'd just signed. "Wait." He crosses his hands under his nose and pulls them to the side in a swift movement. "Was it this?"
"Ah." The man had followed his eyes, made an apologetic face. "Sorry. His loss, though." He smiled at Cas empathetically. "Would you allow me to buy you a consolation drink?"
Cas' hand almost moved of its own accord, wandering down his stomach to join Dean's, their fingers entwining, wide enough to wrap around both their lengths, pressing them together, increasing the smooth friction as they began to stroke in tandem. Somewhere deep in a sensibly thinking corner of his mind Cas knew that it was the first time he'd ever actually touched Dean there, but the thoughts of newness and insecurity were quickly washed away by Dean's response to his touch.
And it was scary, it was fucking terrifying, the power he had over Dean, how he could break him with a single word. But if anyone could manage to take the shattered pieces of his heart and miraculously find it to be worthy, mend it with a single touch, it would be Cas.
Shit. He hadn't wanted to allow the thought, dangerous as it was, but it was undeniable. Dean felt loved. (And how had he ever managed to exist without this feeling, how was he supposed to exist without it ever again?)
His thoughts are interrupted by the familiar rustling of wings in the air. They haven't heard this sound for a while. Not since the day Chuck-
Dean's movements were beginning to lose control, his hand flying, hips bucking up. But his eyes were fixed on Cas, asking, begging for something, anything that would push him that last step to finally tumble over the edge.
Dean lets the breath he's been holding leave his lungs and follows Cas' gesture to turn around, unable to suppress the sigh of contentment that escapes him when the angel's arm settles around him, drawing his back closely against Cas' chest.
But I've kept you waiting long enough, so I'll stop complaining and apologizing and just let you read.
He doesn't really like coffee, he had during the time he had been human, and maybe it's the fond memory of it, but at least now it's one of the things where the molecules don't taste openly disgusting and more of a bearable toned-down version of 'meh'. And it's nice to have a cup in front of you when everybody else has, too. It gives him a sense of belonging. And it gives him something to do and concentrate on, something to stare at that isn't Dean.
Maybe he should go for a drive. Clear his head. Yeah. Might do him some good. And it's not as if he'd had anything better to do, anyway. They didn't have a single case in weeks since the Chuck thing went down.
he breathed when Cas stroked a spot he'd found out made the muscles in Dean's legs slightly tremble. "Very good, yeah. Try- Try another. I'll tell you if it hurts."
"The first time we met you told me that good things do happen, and ever since you've gone on and on showing me that you're the very best thing that could ever have happened to me. You taught me that it's okay to want things, that I can have them, and I can't wait to spend my life waking up every morning, wondering how I got so damn lucky to get the one thing I never thought I could have."
"Should've tried harder." Dean shook his head to himself. "But he- as soon as I saw what he was doing, what he was about to do, I just-" His eyes snapped open, finding Cas', suddenly glistening with unshed tears.
"Okay." Dean looks at him from the side, eyes squinted curiously, but then he shrugs. "Keep your secrets", he says, but it sounds more teasing than reproachful.
One of Dean's hands wrapped around his neck to pull him in even more, hold his head steady as they kissed and kissed and kissed, Cas' own fingers coming to lie splayed out over Dean's heart, feeling its furious beating beneath his palm, warm and alive and right
"Well." His tongue feels too heavy in his mouth and Cas' hand letting go of his arm is a painful loss. "If you could just forget about it, good for you, man. But I can't." He doesn't know where the words come from. He didn't mean to say them. He doesn't want to rip down what they built up just now. But he has to be sure, he has to be absolutely certain this time. So he swallows around the lump in his throat, keeps his voice as steady as possible as he speaks his potential sentence of ruin. "So- sorry, but you will talk about it. You'll have to."
"Good." He pulled him down into a kiss, thrilled how willingly Dean always followed, pressing their lips together briefly before wandering to Dean's ear. "Because I'd really like to see my mark on you again", he whispered, smiling when he felt Dean shudder in his arms. "Would you like that?"
He doesn't wait for permission to enter, knows he doesn't need any, just steps inside and closes the door with his back.
"Hold on, what?" Dean snaps out of his trance and into hunter mode in less than a second. "Are you ok? What is it?"
"Let's just maybe..." Dean bit his bottom lip, and for the first time, Cas thought to see a spark of uncertainty, shyness almost, "maybe not think about how far we're gonna take this yet, yeah? We're gonna start small and then...see where we land."
Thank the universe he had found someone that spoke his language so he wouldn't have to spend his life translating his soul.
"Let me help you", Dean said softly before Cas even had the chance to move, his heart overflowing with affection and gratitude for the man in front of him.
Cas sighs. He's searched everywhere. He looked beneath bushes and behind trees and every place he could think of, but Miracle is nowhere to be found. He can't go back like that, can he? Dean loves that dog, how can he appear under his eyes and admit that he's a stupid thoughtless fool that didn't look properly after something Dean loves? And Miracle is not just
He pushed himself forward on shaky legs and blindly stumbled out of the room, just away, away from here, away from that sight, away from the evidence. As if that would somehow make it undone, erase his weakness and shame. He heard that Sam called something after him as he hurried down the corridor, but he didn't hear it through the blood rushing in his ears. Everything was blurry and his feet didn't work quite right, he fell a few times on his way but didn't even feel the pain that shot through his knees when they collided with the hard stone floor.
"-to hug you?" Dean lowered his eyes. "I know. I know it's too much, too fast, but I really just..."
"Yes, it is," Dean says where he's sitting next to him, but when Cas turns his head, the hunter's eyes are fixed on him, not the play of light and colour in front of them. He can't help but roll his eyes with a fond smile, turning his own attention back to the sunset they
He wanted nothing more than to care for Cas, to help him, to comfort him - but how could he, when all Dean knew as his own comfort was touch, and touch was the one thing Cas couldn't take from him?
"I'm just so damn grateful, Cas", he hears himself say then, not sure if it's the words he wrote on a piece of paper beforehand or simply words his heart is writing for him right this moment. "I know it's a frickin cliché line, and- and I probably shouldn't be swearing so much during this, should I?" He shakes his head to himself, Cas' smile widening. "Well. What I'm trying to say is...I never thought I'd be here. I never thought I'd get married, ever, I never thought I'd even live to get married, let alone find someone who...who I would want to spend the rest of my life with. Someone who can actually be part of this life, my life. Someone who gets that, gets me, and wants to be with me anyway. Someone who's It for me."
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. I just thought..." He turns a bit and tries to casually lean with his hip against the doorframe in what he hopes will turn out to be a suggestive manner, but fails miserably. Jesus, it's not as if he was flirting for the first time or something. He's very good at it. Usually. He's very good at it with random women in random bars. With particular angels on particular mornings...well, not so much as it seems.
"Kiss me again?", Cas asked, returning his smile, a small and shy thing, but it warmed Dean from deep within and made him forget everything but the angel in his arms,
He knows it's not fair, getting angry with Cas, poor guy was just doing what Dean pretended he wanted him to. But he doesn't have another outlet for these feelings right now. Cas stares at him, dumbfounded in the face of Dean's unexpected outburst.
I just handed in the paper I had to write during the last week and was finally able to get back to this! So here we are, back with the last chapter. I can't believe this is actually done now. This fic has been such an incredible journey, and once again I wanna thank yall, I've seriously been blown away by how well this fic has been received and all your awesome support. I'm really happy with how the fic turned out overall, probably one of the most challenging storylines for me to write, but still an absolute favourite project of mine.
It was easier this time, finding their rhythm, the glide of closed-mouthed lips, the way they tilted their heads to fit together, the little sigh of contentment that left Cas' lungs and woke butterflies in Dean's belly. He could feel as much as see the tension leaving the angel's shoulders once again, waited patiently for Cas to lead the way, giving as much as he knew Cas could take, happy to receive everything Cas would let him have in return. Dean would never take more than was willingly given, and he tried to showcase it in everything he did, from the way he taught Cas slowly how to move his lips without making him abandon the lead and control, to the way he sat still, waiting for Cas to come to him before he touched, welcoming him when Cas inched closer and closer, let hands wind around Dean's back and into his hair, melted when he let himself be held in return. It was ridiculous, but even with all the things he'd done with other people, all the things he'd imagined doing to Cas, with Cas, all the things he still wanted to do with Cas - this was so nice, so easy, so
"And I wasn't", Dean assured, smiling when he saw the distress in Cas' eyes settle a bit. "I'd never lie to you about this, Cas. You didn't hurt me, because we were careful to prepare properly. And you took such good care of me, my angel." Cas bit his lip, the corner of his mouth twitching, making Dean smile. "You made me feel so good", he whispered, leaning closer to press a kiss to Cas' jaw, the corner of his mouth. "It's gonna be the same for you now, okay? And if you'd really feel it's not, we can always stop."
Dean lifted his eyebrows, needing no more explanation for Cas to know what he was asking. Even through the colour already painting Cas' cheeks, he could see the angel blushing deeper as he bit his lip and nodded.
He'd gone in again shortly, yes, but just to make sure that he was fine. Cas hadn't been sure about going with Tony in the first place, he knew he couldn't bring himself to do it now. It had never been what he wanted, had been Cas’ own act of desperation, the angel was well aware, born from sadness and loneliness. He felt even more sad and lonely now, but it was no use - he knew there was no one else who'd ever be able to fill the emptiness, that decidedly Dean-shaped hole that had been torn into his heart when he first laid a hand on him in Hell.
"Dean." Despite his red face and messy hair (even more so than usual) Cas instantly lights up when he turns and lays eyes on Dean, a shy smile taking over his features when the hunter gestures around in amazement.
"I..." Cas paused. Should he even tell him? He could just pretend there was nothing to be done. Dean would never know. He wouldn't have to let him-
He didn't really know why he started speaking, had no clue how to bring that sentence to an end. But there was no need, Cas just kept talking, either not aware that Dean stood at the edge of a mental breakdown or choosing not to give it any mind.
He wants to apologize once more, because it's the only thing he can think of doing, but he makes the mistake to finally look at Cas and the expression on his face make all words die in Dean's throat.
It's not perfect, the words aren't poetic enough, but it's real and it's true and it's what Dean has to give. And it will be enough. Because it's
"Oh, Sam." She lets go of his hand, starts walking backwards in the direction of the door, a little smirk playing around the corners of her mouth. "I've just finished a whole nest of vampires, I'm sure I can handle your brother."
His hands came up to slide over Cas' sides, eliciting a beautiful hum that sent delicious vibration through Dean's lips and into his whole body. The skin beneath his palms was warm and smooth and
He looked at Cas, hoping for some sort of confirmation, but the angel just stared back at him with wide, vulnerable eyes.
Yeah I know I kinda let Eileen hang in mid-air here, but I promise we're coming back to her and Dean first thing in the next chapter. I already have it planned. A scene between these two was a little self indulgence, really, imo we were fucking robbed of seeing more of the great Dean/Eileen dynamic in the show (like we were robbed of soooo many other things, but let's not go down that road).
"Thanks, Cas." Eileen watches him leave and can't help but be even more grateful for the warmth of Sam's hand, reminding her that perhaps, she's already found what the angel is so desperately craving.
His hand closes around the object in his pocket when he pulls it out and places it on the counter, and the woman inspects it shortly while he explains what it is and the way he'd like to use it. He blushes at being called
The silence that follows his words is sweet and short-lived, one moment he's happily gazing at Cas, unable to wipe the giddy smile off his face and utterly indifferent to how love-struck he probably looks (Why would he care? He is). The next he finds himself thrown back into the cushions by a lapful of eager angel, soft lips pressing against his again and again.
And an angel who was both equally hard and still fast asleep, his length pressing between Dean's ass cheeks.
Cas smiled sadly, releasing Dean's hand to stroke over his cheek, over his temple, run his fingers gently through Dean's hair, watch as he leaned into every touch, searching, asking, pleading.
"But not anymore." Cas' voice is sure and steady when he looks back up, meets the green eyes he knows have been watching him. "I think for myself now, make my own decisions, with you. There are no other places for me to be, no other people to care for, to care about. There never were. Everyone I need is right here. And I wouldn't have it any other way." He breathes out, a sigh of relief, an act of freedom. "I've existed for millennia, Dean, but I didn't live until I met you."
"Yeah. Of course." The tightness in Dean's voice had Cas finally looking up, green meeting him that missed all its usual warm spark. "If you wanna go, go", Dean said, the hand that had held onto Cas balling into a fist by his side. "No one's gonna stop you."
Sam sighs to himself when he sees how Cas is quietly backing away, obviously trying to avoid any contact with Dean, who's just releasing Jack from their embrace. The angel had been the first to say goodbye to Jack (he'd gotten a hug too, and participated without restraint) and Sam wonders how much of the sad smile on Cas' lips is due to Jack leaving or Dean being here but in a way just as absent as the Nephilim.
and Dean might feel like fainting if it wasn't so chick-flicky. He settles on feeling like throwing up instead. Yeah. Much more manly.
Cas hesitated a second at that command, but everything had been going well so far, so he tried, immediately pulling back when Dean's brow furrowed, his eyes squeezing shut.
Another pause, blue eyes closing for a moment, then a sigh. When their gazes locked again this time, there was something else hidden in the blue, something harder yet vulnerable at the same time, something like...defeat.
Cas couldn't speak, didn't trust his voice not to break, but he nodded slightly to show he'd heard him.
Dean loosen his grip and soften every press of lips as soon as they turned a bit more passionate, Cas couldn't help but wonder if...
Perhaps he didn't reciprocate all of Cas' feelings, but physical attraction was already more than Cas ever dared hope for, and it made him wonder if maybe...maybe they could continue this new relationship even after their practice arrangement had ended.
The moment of silence that followed weighed heavy on Cas, pressing on his ears and accentuating the dull pounding of his heartbeat. Dean's eyes were fixed on his face, and yet he seemed to be lost, staring into nothing while his mind tried to process. It was torture for Cas, having to wait, and yet he couldn't blame him. Of course he couldn't.
"He doesn't even know it wasn't me", Dean said more to himself, the realization leaving him in a breathy whisper. "Of fuck, goddam-
"I know", he says, shrugging innocently, "but that Austen person wrote more than one cheesy novel, right?"
That was all a thought for later though. Right now, Cas tried to concentrate on this new revelation and the things it offered.
He lets Dean pull him up to press their lips together, melting against him for a moment before he suddenly breaks apart just as Dean was trying to deepen the kiss.
"I-I'm sorry, maybe I should..." Sam squeezes her arm and drops his hands, making move to follow his brothers, but Eileen quickly grabs his hand and holds him back.
"No", Cas agreed. "I'm not. Really well spotted, Dean. Congratulations." Dean hated Cas' voice like this, harsh and distant and mocking. "So I'm an angel and therefore not allowed the freedom of looking for a partner, is that what you're trying to say?"
"I apologize. It wasn't fair of me to impose that burden on you, no matter what you said about doing it for you."
"...and I'm not sure I can handle doing that for you on my own yet", he confessed. Dean was pleased, seeing that Cas listened to his instincts, evaluating what he was ready for or not.
After all the steps they'd taken with such success recently, Cas was more eager than ever to continue what Dean had long stopped referring to as 'practicing' sessions in his own head. He knew it hadn't been about that for him from the beginning, knew his weak attempt at pretence had only served to quieten his own guilt.
He doesn't know what happened. Maybe Cas has just taken a walk. Maybe something has come up. Maybe he's just in a part of the bunker where he can't hear Dean calling. The space is much larger than it seems. Maybe he overlooked something. He's almost sure they still haven't even discovered every room attached. Maybe his worry is needless. He doesn't know. But that's sort of the problem. He
"Wait." He turns around, relieved to see that Cas has stopped in his tracks with one hand against the doorframe. "Actually...I-" He laughs bitterly, hating himself for being so damn tongue-tied all the time. "Y'know, I've been trying to find a positive spin on this...but I got nothin'."
He revelled at the flushed skin, the line of his stretched neck when he threw his head back, the arch of his fingers fisting in the sheets, the moans falling from his lips, and all the while he never ceased to praise Cas, telling him how well he was doing, how good it felt, murmured confessions into his skin and breathed pleas for more into his mouth.
When he suggests watching a movie together, the forced smile is painful. He doesn't sit a bit too close to Cas on the couch. He doesn't brush his hand over the popcorn. In fact, he doesn't even bother making some.
He gasped when the next thrust hit that spot inside him that made him see stars, caught a glimpse of Dean smiling to himself before his mouth opened on a groan, but he could see the furrow of concentration on Dean's face, how he forced himself to keep his movements slow and gentle.
And of course his mind would make these things up now, a world where Dean was kind to him because he loved him, not simply because he pitied him, not just because he felt guilty. A world where he could overcome what had been done to him, could overcome it because Dean would be there to help him, because Dean
"Yeah." Sam huffs. "But I've been trying to work on them for weeks and you're here..what? Maybe an hour and they're talking again."
Dean knows Sam will tease him about it, the smug little bitch, he'll have to take his shit for days (Seriously, Dean? A
Then Cas moans, a sound that should be assigned a tag with a fucking age limit of at least 25, and Dean can hardly wrap his head around that this is the same Cas who'd been thrown out of a brothel for giving advice on daddy issues some time ago. And fuck if he doesn't want to spend the rest of his life eliciting those sounds from his angel again and again...
"I'm not convinced that is an option, Dean", he said, lowered his eyes to the ground for a moment. "As you know my acquaintances on earth are limited."
He should just say it. He wished he could just say it. He should be able to say it now, shouldn't he? But the words were stuck in his throat.
Cas welcomes everything Dean has to give, and maybe he understands what Dean tries to tell him, can read the promises Dean paints with his tongue, for he becomes increasingly bolder and more confident in his own actions. The angel's fingers are long tangled in Dean's hair, the other arm slung around his waist to keep him close. When Dean needs to break away for air Cas wastes no time in exploring other places instead, his mouth wandering to leave a trail of kisses along Dean's jaw and to his ear, nibbling at the earlobe. The sharp intake of breath it elicits from the hunter makes Cas smirk against his skin - and when the hell did Dean ever see Cas
"I'm so-..." He'd blurted the words out before he really knows what happened. So his mouth is not connected to his brain anymore. Great.
Dean wanted to deny it, wanted to tell him that everything would be fine, would be easy from now on. But he couldn't. He knew Cas was right, and Cas knew it too. Maybe that was a good thing, though, Cas being prepared for the inevitable bumps in their road. How could he not be. When had life with the Winchesters ever been anything but a constant succession of downs and downs and downs. Yet Cas still seemed willing to try, Dean's heart realised with a little jump, and maybe, just maybe the next fall wouldn't be so hard if they could take it together...
He stumbled backwards into a wall and slid down, sat between knocked-over cupboards, pulled-out drawers and the remains of what might have been a table, random pieces of wood, scattered all around, broken and splintered.
Cas gave him a brilliant smile then, a smile Dean had been quite sure he'd never see directed his way again at some point during this conversation. He still couldn't quite grasp how they'd come from admitting his shame to
"W-What if someone's around and will see?", he asked instead, automatically turning to check their surroundings even though they were far off the main road.
"Dean." Cas' voice is rough and breathless, his hair a mess from Dean's fingers carding through it, his skin flushed and sweaty. It's the most gorgeous sight Dean ever laid eyes on.
"Dean." Cas' voice is raw and breathless, and Dean sucks in a gulp of air when the angel leans their foreheads together. He closes his eyes, can't help it.
"I know you are", he just replied, the words fighting their way out against his better judgement, selfish and greedy. "But that's not the point I'm trying to make. Dean, I don't want to go through life missing out on any touches I might have been able to enjoy if- you know."
So he packed those feelings back up and shoved them into that corner where they belonged, that small cosy place where he was going to curl up later when no one was watching.
But Cas didn't need to know that Dean's whole body was tingling all over with anticipation at the mere thought of Cas touching him. He could control himself.
Those are the evenings he drinks even more than usually and the beginning symptoms of a pleasant warm drunkenness make his thoughts reckless. Just one more glass, they dare to tell him then, just one more and you'll have enough fake bravery together to get the words out. So one glass becomes two, two becomes five and five become a number his numb head can't identify anymore. The liquid courage he'd intended to gather doesn't hold what it promised, and he finds himself in bed with gloom thoughts besieging him from all sides instead of the confident determination he'd relied on. Maybe he has a nasty case of liquid anxiety or some shit.
No, Cas had never doubted the existence of Dean's love. But he still doubted it was the same sort of love he felt towards Dean, doubted its manifestation. His own love, it was so strong and all-encompassing, he didn't even understand how he could contain it himself, let alone imagine anyone else feeling this towards another person. And certainly not for him. Not Dean. Not the most deserving person he had ever known.
He could just imagine it, the look of fear and disgust in those blue eyes he loved so much, the usual warmth and kindness replaced by hatred and shame. No, he couldn't, he couldn't.
, they're impossible. An angel, once believed to be completely incapable of human emotion, and a human, too much of a coward to admit to feelings that should have come so naturally to him.
His eyes snapped back up to Cas', thrilled to find Cas' pupils darkened, the stormy blue gaze momentarily flickering down to Dean's mouth as well.
And he knew the words of the chorus that Dean had deliberately skipped, noticed the line he'd changed, knew the words of the partner in this song that was supposed to be a duet.
Dean swallows, but nods, doesn't even ask what Cas' plan entails, simply lies back to entrust himself to Cas' care. The angel keeps his eyes on the hunter's face when he slowly lets his hand wander back to its destination, watches closely for any signs of discomfort, and Dean releases a long breath as he tries to relax. There's a pleased sigh when Cas strokes down his side, follows the path of freckles as they thin out more and more along the way. A glance at Dean tells Cas that his eyes are closed and he lets his own gaze wander over that perfect body he's miraculously allowed to touch. Just as his fingers stroke over the inside of Dean's thigh, though, a hand suddenly shoots to grab his wrist, stills his movement.
"Urgh, fuck!" He punches a fist on the worktop, welcomes the stabbing pain shooting through his wrist and up his arm. It distracts him from the uncomfortable tightness in his chest. "Fuck, fuck,
Cas bit his lip at that, couldn't hide the grin spreading on his own face as Dean reached for the cloth they had put out to clean them up.
6. When it goes all inevitably down, he'll be ruined. Ruined for others, addicted to a memory, unable to forget his name. He's not even sure it's not too late already
"No." He throws a sad glance at the empty doorway, slightly shaking his head. "I tried to talk to Dean but...you know how he is."
And Dean...Dean is sure his own eyes are answering undisguisedly. He doesn't find it in himself to stop them anymore.
It's almost ridiculous how bad both of these morons are lying, really. She has to appreciate the effort though and doesn't comment on it.
Afterwards, he's ashamed. But Dean never needed to know. And none of this is even nearly as embarrassing as going to suck up all of the most evil creatures ever created in the hubris to believe you could become God, so...
He's shaken out of his trance when his fingers suddenly meet something solid and warm. He's not aware that he moved his hand at all. He's definitely not aware that he moved his hand to take Cas'. What the hell.
"I-" Sam swallowed. "Okay. I'm gonna...I guess I'm gonna sit with him til he wakes up. Maybe...change some bandages."
Cas highly doubted that. The chaos in his mind and the electric shock the sudden touch had sent through his body said otherwise. But Dean sounded so calm, so sure...
He's gonna be back. He's gonna be back and it will all turn out to be a stupid misunderstanding. He miscalculated time. He got lost in thoughts watching the bees. He met a wounded animal he needed to heal. Some perfectly reasonable and angelic Cas-crap.
He closed his eyes for a second. Perhaps this was stupid. He knew it was far from Dean's intention to make him feel this way, all Dean wanted was to make him feel safe and cared for, and God he
They talk, but they don't talk about it. They're affectionate, but it lacks the usual depth. Sam and Eileen don't ask. There's a good chance Sam heard them shouting last evening and they already know what it's about. Either way, they seem to have decided to stay out of it, at least for now, and Dean is grateful.
"But right now I'd-" Cas trailed a hand through Dean's hair, gripping onto the strands just a little to gently nudge Dean back up towards him. "I'd just prefer...I'd like you to stay up here. I want to be able to see you."
"Jeez, I got hard, ok?", Dean burst out, his arms lifting in a gesture of frustration, stunning Cas into silence.
The conversation flowed more freely after that, Dean recalling moments they'd had together, moments that had made him happy, because maybe, just maybe, they'd made Cas happy too. Just drives in the Impala, movie nights, that one day when they'd stopped at a fair. He told Cas about things he'd always wanted to do, promised to bring him along if he liked, fishing and getting a dog to take on walks and even taking that beach vacation he always talked about.
"C-Cas." His voice sounds a bit sore, his tongue stumbling over the name he has to press out. "Cas, wait."
Cas about to purposefully remove some layers there...;) We're gonna see how that goes in the next chapter, hehe!
"And I can't-" His voice started to crack, but he couldn't care. "I couldn't do this without you knowing. I'm so sorry. I'd understand if you wouldn't want- wouldn't want to continue this, now that I- "
"I want..." He loosens his grip on Cas' hair, smoothes his fingers through the dishevelled strands instead in a soothing gesture. "I need to take care of you this time", he whispers then, proud that his voice doesn't waver. "Will you let me?"
"Breathe", he instructed, looking down at Cas who bit his bottom lip, but did as he asked, holding Dean's gaze as he focused on taking slow, deep breaths, the muscles beneath Dean's palm relaxing more and more.
"I'm ready." Cas rolled over in Dean's arms, facing him, Dean's wide eyes meeting deep blue. "Please, Dean..."
To Dean's great surprise, it was Cas who crawled further into his lap, practically flinging himself against Dean's chest and fisting the fabric of his shirt with that same white-knuckled grip he'd displayed clinging to himself earlier.
Dean is aware that this is a sheer immeasurable act of trust, Cas giving over his grace to Dean's care, but fuck, it's even more than that. It's Cas giving a part of himself to Dean.
There's something running through Cas' body, too, making him tremble just the way Dean had, and Dean bites his lip and closes his eyes, forehead leaned on Cas' shoulder.
So how could he refuse the opportunity to steal a short moment of happiness, even if he felt worse and dirtier every time? He'd been a lost cause from the very start, anyway.
There was a crooked smile on Dean's face, and for a moment he almost looked like his usual self. The Dean he knew and...loved.
Cas stares at Dean, taken aback by the sudden question. He can't even remember the last time Dean spoke to him deliberately with Sam in the room, an actual full sentence, an
"Okay, look." Dean breathed out, long and slow. "So, I feel attraction to men. Some, anyway. And you're one of 'em."
"S-Sorry." Cas was panting just a bit, but if it was from breathlessness or distress, Dean couldn't tell. "Sorry, I-"
Dean laughs again. The sound is cold and hollow. He closes his eyes, pinches the bridge of his nose. It's easier to get words out when he's not looking at him.
"Or you can just stay", he added therefore, planting an open-mouthed kiss to the corner of Cas' mouth. "Whatever you want."
This is unbetaed again, sorry. References I don't even remember putting in are randomly scattered around...if you notice any - well done.
It all sounded too perfect to be true, his fantasies finally coming to life, his desire clashing in a conflicting battle with the nagging memories of past pain and agony.
But if someone had asked him if he was okay with it being a one-time thing, and them just going on in this dynamic they had developed forever, sharing days and nights, just without any physical component, his answer would have been the same.
"He was just suddenly gone, and I've been trying to find him, but I couldn't, and I'm so sorry, Dean, I know how much Miracle means to you and I should have looked after him and I-"
There has been an innumerable amount of occasions when he took Cas to the mall or grocery shopping or even just on a walk. When he wanted to take his hand, kiss his cheek or put an arm around his waist during movie night. He never does. Not once.
"Yes, I remember those hands, and the pain they inflicted", he admitted, rushing to go on when he saw that pain mirrored in Dean's eyes, "but not for a moment have I thought the same could happen again now. You would never hurt me."
"Don't do this, Cas", he hears himself say, of all the things he could have said now. Because that's what he knows how to say.
He handed Cas his favourite coffee mug in the morning, hands touching and soft smiles on their lips. He sat next to Cas at breakfast, close enough that their thighs and shoulders would be bumping with every movement. He threw an arm around Cas during movie night, pulling him into his side until Cas was cuddled against him. He'd still call Cas
Cas recalled the moment of realization, the moment he'd met the green he was so used to, but even the colour seemed off, the familiar spark missing, instead there had just been...nothing.
The sheets. He'd have to burn the sheets later. But not yet. He couldn't stand to look at them, let alone touch them.
"Awesome", Dean grins, and then he's kissing him, and thank God he is because if Dean hadn't leaned forward Cas surely would have, craving an outlet for all that giddy happiness inside his chest, giving it way in the press of lips. It's hardly a kiss at all, both smiling too widely so they just end up resting their foreheads together and chuckling into each other's mouths. It's ridiculous and silly and Cas isn't sure anyone has the right to feel this wonderful, but he couldn't care less with the way Dean is wrapping his arms around him, pulling him up, over him, closer.
Cas rolls onto his side to be able to look at Dean as they lie snuggled up under the covers of the hunter's bed. (A wave of the angel's hand had taken care of cleaning them up and putting their boxers back on, to which Dean had lifted his eyebrows but then shrugged, pleased to just lie down and enjoy the afterglow.)
"Not much." The tips of Cas' fingers are grazing Dean's tattoo, absentmindedly repainting the shape and making his skin tingle pleasantly while a peaceful heaviness settles in their bodies. "Perhaps it should be. Our grace, as a side-effect, is meant to...dull any physical sensation, to shield us from it. But I'm not surprised it doesn't feel like that. It was never just about the sensation for me", Cas states plainly, and even though Dean knew, it makes his heart skip a beat. He wonders if Cas can feel it under his palm, but if he did, he doesn't show it, just shrugs lightly to himself.
But he can't rip his gaze away from the blue eyes, can't ignore the warmth of fingers curling reassuringly around his own.
All he wants is for them to want him back, in whatever way they could. They aren't really good at expressing it, but Cas has slowly learned to read the complicated language of people unable to say they care about each other. They'd let Cas into their home, had given him a room of his own even though they knew he didn't sleep, which was as good as a permanent invitation. It had needed time for him to get the real meaning behind such gestures, but he hopes he understands it now.
Throwing a glance at Cas from the corner of his eye, he finds him about as easy to read as per usual. Which means pretty much not at all. Okay. Great. He takes a deep breath.
"Me too." Dean keeps smiling, and Cas keeps melting, but then the hunter suddenly lets go of his hand and brings it up to rub his neck instead. "Sorry I killed the mood, buddy."
"It's fine", Cas said then, slightly nodding to himself. "It's- it's hard but...I think it's good for me to remind myself how it couldn't have been you." The eyes that settled on Dean were the closest thing to determined that he might have imagined possible at the moment. "For both of us."
"Oh. I- I didn't know that." Cas smiles sadly, knowingly, and Dean swallows. "Guess I can add that to my list of times you saved my life", he adds half-jokingly, but Cas can hear the gravitas underneath. "Thanks."
"I want to make you feel so good, Cas", he whispered, slowly moving down, nipping at the Enochian symbols decorating the angel's side. He allowed his hands to guide Cas' leg up, plant his foot on the mattress for better access.
So lost in his bliss, Dean needed a moment to realise that the small noise of surprise Cas had just made was caused by his tongue that had sneaked out to chase Cas', further into the angel's mouth than he had dared so far. A quick flash of hot panic surged through Dean, but before he could react, Cas relaxed with a groan, tangling his tongue with Dean's and reciprocating the deep kiss with everything he had.
"Touch yourself for me, Dean", he said, delighting in the little moan that fell from the hunter's lips before he'd even moved a hand.
It was true. It had been two days, and Cas had barely been conscious. He was asleep most of the time, Sam had told him, and when he showed signs of waking, unconsciousness had swallowed him up again before he could really acknowledge anything around him. His body was probably exhausted, worn out from dealing with trauma, pain, and the unfamiliarity of human weakness. He probably just needed time to adapt, Dean told himself, tried and failed to convince his own mind that there was nothing to worry about.
He couldn't deny that he was grateful for Cas' closeness, however, and not just because he'd long given up on pretending he didn't wish for it in general. More than that, it helped to keep his mind quiet, built a barrier against the attacks from within.
"I know, Dean." He did know. He did. And he knew it could be good. He trusted it could be good, but... "It's just..."
"Yeah, sure." His attention wandered back to Cas' wings, hand raised, hesitating in mid-air. "How do I...?"
facade he would put on to appeal to someone as kind and sweet as Cas, hoping it would get him to do all sorts of sinful things to that gorgeous angel if he just played his cards right.
Cas stared, entranced by Dean's hand working himself open, a surge of heat racing through his body as a whimper escaped Dean's lips.
"I just have to get used to it." Cas attempted a confident smile. "Perhaps...you could start with picking the loose feathers? And afterwards we can...I can decide."
"I can do it", he offered, aware what was troubling Cas, the conflicting emotions plainly written in his eyes, want and need colliding with fear and worry, desperate to go the distance but unable to take that last first step. Dean's heart contracted with empathy.
I'm so sorry. It's been so long. I know. You see, when I decide to write something it always starts with a conversation I want two characters to have, and then I start building a plot around that will lead up to that conversation. Thing is, we're past that point now, and my brilliant planning and I have literally no idea where I wanna go from here lol. Making it up as I go, I guess;)
Cas could do nothing but oblige, swallowing the sigh leaving Dean's lungs when their mouths collided, licking into his mouth while one of his hands found its way onto Dean's chest, smoothing over the planes of hot skin. He could feel Dean's muscles rippling beneath his wandering fingers, had to break the kiss with the need to lean back and see, watch what it looked like to have the hunter react to his every touch so beautifully, letting himself fall apart, trusting Cas to put him back together.
The new angle allowed Dean to position his hips between Cas' spread legs so their clothed erections would line up, rubbing together when he moved, punching a breathy gasp out of Cas that told him the angel was enjoying it as much as he was. Their lips barely lost connection while they kept grinding together, breathing each other's air, swallowing each other's sounds, figuring out which way to move and where to touch to draw the most noises from the other's throat.
The angel just hummed, closed his eyes for a moment until his breathing evened out and his body stilled, completely relaxed.
"Okay." Dean carefully began to stroke again, nice and slow. "It's fine. You're good. Look at me", he asked softly, and Cas' eyes immediately snapped to his, their gazes locking. Dean smiled.
He'll fall asleep that night with a feeling of peacefulness filling his whole body, and when he opens his eyes again, their bedroom will be gone, his body will be young and strong again and he'll look around to find himself on a bridge surrounded by woods. Baby will be there, and he'll smile but not get into his beloved car, because the picture isn't complete yet. Instead he'll step up to the bridge's railing, lean against it and watch the water flow steadily beneath his feet while he waits.
"Shush, Cas, Cas..." He practically falls forward just as the first tear makes its way out of the corner of Cas' eye and rolls down his cheek, but Dean is there to catch it, pulling the angel into his arms, face against the crook of his neck. "Don't. Shush...Please, stop", he soothes, a hand carding through Cas' hair while the angel clings to him, hands fisting in the flannel on Dean's back. And Dean thinks he understands it now, what this is to Cas, what it means, and it's not what he thought at all, it's- "There's no need", he tells Cas, mindlessly murmurs into his hair, "Yes. Yes, okay. Yes. If you're sure, if this is what you choose...yes." He drops a light kiss to the dark mess, buries his nose in it and closes his eyes when he hears a relieved sob escape Cas' throat at his words. "Of course I'll support you, of course, Cas."
"Thank you for coming back to me", he mumbles against Cas' temple, says it for all the times he didn't say it, and he can feel how the angel smiles against his skin.
No. Cas probably didn't know what was going on. His poor, oblivious angel was just being nice and didn't get what that douche was after. Dean tried to swallow the feeling of sickness emerging at the sight of someone else touching Cas. Cas was an angel, for fuck's sake! That guy had no clue what fire he was playing with. The audacity! No random dudes in bars should be allowed to touch his angel with their greasy, greedy, grabby hands! Cas was
He rolls them over without breaking the kiss, finds himself half draped over Cas' chest. He lets out an appreciative hum when Cas' arms immediately wind around him, mirroring the way Dean had pulled him close before.
With one last breath, he turned, finding Cas sitting on the opposite edge of the bed, in nothing but a pair of black briefs, looking at him.
And Cas smiles, nods knowingly, soothingly runs a thumb over Dean's knuckles. "I know, Dean. How could you expect someone else to love you when you don't love yourself?"
"Nothing will ever take you away from me again, Cas", he hears himself say, kisses the vow into Cas' skin." I won't let anything separate us again, I promise. You're mine now."
He'd slept at a motel that night, had been drunk, tried to forget about Cas, actually. The fucking irony.
"Hey, Cas. Try to relax." Dean let a soothing palm stroke down Cas' back. "You know that this doesn't need to lead anywhere, right? Especially not just because you feel like you have to, because of this. It won't lead anywhere, not yet. Not ever, if that's what you decide. We can just do this." He brushed his fingers through Cas hair and tightened his hold on his shoulders for emphasis. "For as long as you want."
"Cas." Dean lifted a hand to interrupt him carefully. "You can stop, I'm sorry I asked. Of course you don't wanna remember."
on bringing it up. There was no use, not as long as Dean was sure that he would never act on it anyway.
"This okay?", Dean whispered in the space between them, and if his voice was a little unsteady with nerves and anticipation, well, he thought he was entitled. "Can I...?"
"The day...the day Billie died", he hears himself say instead. He's not sure how he got the words out. He's not sure why he spoke them in the first place. He's not sure why he finally leads them here, to this place he has so skillfully avoided for months, this place that's lying full of traps for him to step into and be torn apart.
close to the other person. To feel a connection. And that only works with very special people. It's much easier with people you know, people you...like.
Dean sighed, and Cas just wanted to reach out and pull him in, feel Dean's heart beat against his, run his fingers through his hair, hear him hum contently against Cas' mouth.
he'd apparently done and shit. It's hardly the first time Dean has prayed to Cas. It's the first time he's been told he also does it unconsciously.
Cas had finally asked about them when they were alone and peacefully tucked away in their bedroom the previous evening.
So yeah, lyrics from "All I Ask Of You" from Phantom of the Opera by Andrew Lloyd Webber, obviously. I gotta rewatch that.
. How fucked up was that, anyway? Why on earth had he agreed to this in the first place, knowing full well that if anyone would trigger Cas' anxiety, it would be him.It had been selfishness, nothing else.
"I..." He hesitates, knowing that he maybe shouldn't tell him the truth. Because Dean is Dean, and if Cas says yes, Dean is going to make sure he gets his wish, never mind his own feelings. And yet Dean's eyes are open and honest and warm, and Cas feels the excuse slipping from his reach.
Because if he didn't, and in Dean's mind, there was more than a small chance that he didn't, it might end everything they had created here. Not only the new relationship they'd established through the practicing sessions, maybe even the friendship it was built on.
How were you supposed to keep it together when your brain was mushy and high on endorphins, when your angel was
There will be days when Dean will show Cas how to cook, or to bake pie, and it will end with Cas accidentally knocking over the flour just as Dean leans down to set the oven to the right temperature, covering him in powder. And Dean will curse and Cas will chuckle and Dean will grab a fistful of flour and throw it - and that's how they'll both end up on the kitchen floor as a hysterical, giggling, kissing mess of white.
Dean blinks. He knows Cas didn't mean it like that, those innocent blue eyes have no idea how that just sounded, but it doesn't keep Dean from very not-innocent and very not-welcome ideas to form in his head. (Well, at least not welcome right now...)
