“Well?” Steve said, sounding smug, of all things. It made Tony huff in indignation. He was no lady, needing help to dismount. Then again, if that was how Steve had decided to treat him then fine. Tony was willing to accept the offer just out of spite.
What else could it mean but that Tony cared more about seeing the man again than learning of any progress that had been made in the effort to restore his good name.
It was news to Steve that his friends were leaving him before the prearranged time. He swallowed stiffly, nodding at Bucky in agreement, all the while reeling at the thought of being left behind in Stark Manor, with only Tony and the rest of the staff for company.
It hit home, finally, to Steve, how much it must have hurt Tony to be once again forced to give up a space he’d called his own. More than any other time he’d seen him, Tony seemed fragile, like glass ready to shatter under too much pressure.
Tony nodded his head eagerly. He scooped up one of Mrs Jarvis’ scones, munching on it as he continued.
“I must say, this place is very well kept, Mr Coulson,” he commented, noting the water well with interest. Its pulley system looked unlike anything Steve had ever seen before. He remembered Tony had said something about working around this place, and, under closer inspection, Steve recognized Tony’s unique touch.
“Peter, look at me. When I was your age, I had a friend like your Ned. He was my best friend in the world. I used to spend all my free time with him. Unfortunately, though, we…drifted apart. There are few things I regret more in my life than losing that friend, Peter.”
Tony probably thought that Steve wouldn’t believe him, even if he dared to bring forth accusations against Lord Stone. Between Tony’s bad reputation, his company’s infamy, and his fallen status as a peer, the deck was definitely stacked in Lord Stone’s favor when it came to public opinion.
He looked so earnest at that moment, with his guard momentarily down enough for Steve to see the vulnerability in his eyes.
“He should be reminded of his place,” Steve answered, though he had an annoying feeling that she was right.
He felt a hand grabbing at the back of his head. Relaxing his mouth, he let himself be completely at Steve’s control just as Steve started bucking his hips, fucking his dick deeper into Tony’s willing throat.
“Giving patronage to St. Mary Magdalene’s? That would truly be wonderful of you, Steve! They could definitely use the money for better insulation and general repairs. That damp old building is practically uninhabitable through winter, especially the second floor…”
In his dreams though… In Tony's dreams, Steve was forgiving and not demanding. He was understanding, he was still in love with Tony, he had forgotten all the suffering Tony had brought him. In Tony’s dreams there had never been a Lady Rogers, because Steve could never have loved anyone else after loving him.
“But taking Tony’s titles? The Company, yes, I understand why it went bankrupt, but they took Tony’s titles months after everything happened.”
“Am I, though?” Bucky asked. “And here I thought we’ve promised to stand by each other ‘till the end of the line.”
Deciding he needed a reprieve from the torment Tony was -probably inadvertently- causing him, Steve walked across the room to gaze through the high glass windows down at the gardens.
He went back to his study, listened carefully to the faint sounds of Jarvis serving Stone his tea that came from the room beside his own, and waited.
, with a man that he once thought he would spend the rest of his life with, it was becoming almost too much. He felt as if he had lost sense of his true self.
In one swift move Steve tagged the loose shirt off Tony’s shoulders, ignoring the surprised cry of protest and pulled down. With it finally on the floor, Steve was at last free to admire Tony’s glorious naked form.
“Well, you are hiding something from me, I can tell that much,” Steve persisted, getting a little worried.
“Steve…” Tony repeated, as if only now realising it wasn’t a dream, that Steve was actually in the room with him and then Steve was on him like a lion on its prey.
When he’d learned what Tony had turned out to be: a scoundrel that preferred debauchery to honour and a man trying to keep the empire he had inherited afloat with lies and deceit. A whore that in the end sold his body because he had nothing else left to sell.
Steve’s utter desperation when faced with Tony’s cruel rejection still haunted Tony to this day. He had never seen such dejection, such utter desolate disappointment and sadness in any man ever before, or since.
Steve had always thought the box had been made and not bought, most likely by Tony himself, because the decorations were simple and even flawed at points, the varnish had been unevenly spread, and the locking mechanism was overly complicated. It was perfect in its imperfections and Steve had loved it the moment he laid eyes on it.
“You are way out of line here, Bucky,” Steve told him, feeling numb. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t had those exact thoughts himself before. He had had reservations about this entire affair from the start but Steve had -in a rare display of the weaker side of his normally virtuous character- found himself unable to do the proper thing.
Steve couldn’t take the praise for this accomplishment without reflecting on his shameful behaviour, since both had the same ulterior motive.
Yes, Tony had turned down Steve cruelly before, it was true, but that didn’t excuse Steve behaving so vengefully, not after so many years and most decidedly not under these circumstances.
The thought of him being able to inspect Tony’s bruised buttock thoroughly at the end of the day made Steve’s laughter quiet down.
It seemed that being threatened with exposure finally got through Stone’s thick skin enough for him to abandon his tea and finally stand up to face Steve directly for the first time that evening.
“That’s what you get when you’re not really concentrating on the game, Buck,” Steve teased, getting up to pour himself and Bucky a brandy. He handed the glass to the other man, nodding in salute.
“Ouch!” he gasped, rubbing at his left arm where Lady Natalia had just landed a rather forceful slap. She looked quite irritated with him.
Having the railway pass through his land, and perhaps even have a station built in the nearest village, would bring great profit to the estate, and to the surrounding area. But it was too big a transaction for him to risk any word of it reaching the wrong ears in town.
“Is it true what they say, my lady? You spent a summer in Russia at the Czar’s invitation?” Tony asked the lady, still obviously the terrible gossip Steve remembered him being.
Of course, that would probably also hurt Tony’s already battered reputation as much as it would Stone’s, if not more so. So Steve really needed to avoid that. In a few more hours, the deal would be signed and after that, it would be only a few days before he would be gone.
He could hear the distant voices of his friends coming from outside, the sound of their banter and laughter easily climbing up the high walls of the manor, and Steve, envious of their carefree merriment, wished that he could join them.
That meant that unfortunately, this story was far from a priority. But I promise all of you, I will definitely finish this story. It might take some time, and the next two months the updates will most likely be scarce, but I will not abandon this fic.
Perhaps the most important detail in his plan had been managing to persuade the right person to purchase it.
He was still reeling from the conversation he had with Barnes and the implications behind it when he realized the time had come for his nightly duties. He’d skipped dinner, feigning a headache, but didn’t expect Steve to be fooled by the feeble excuse for long. So, he got dressed down to his nightshirt and carefully prepped himself, just like he’d been doing every night since the first one.
Steve wasn’t the only churchgoer who had stayed behind, and the vicar was happily engaging in small talk with an elderly gentleman when he finally took notice of Steve. He moved to greet him eagerly.
Steve’s throat closed up. Unable to resist, he slowly moved his hands up and down to gently caress at Tony’s side. His cock bravely stirred once again, pressing close to the heat of Tony’s body.
Lord Stone wasn’t laughing anymore. He looked stunned, as if not actually believing what had happened. It probably was the first time he had got what he deserved, Steve mused with a dark sense of satisfaction.
Steve’s heart would be safe from the man if it wasn’t at all there. So, Steve decided he would be heartless and try his best to hate the man Tony had become.
He left the church after promising to Mr Coulson he would join him in a visit of St Mary Magdalene’s, the refuge, later that month.
He wondered if those looks had to do with him being something out of the ordinary, a breath of fresh air to their dull, everyday lives, or if they were just curious to see a man who had been raised to nobility by his deeds and accomplishments rather than being born into it.
After a moment, Tony sighed. “I should head back to my rooms,” he said, voice devoid of any previously hinted at emotion.
He knew that, since Tony was unwilling to share more of what happened, Steve had to find a way to make Tiberius Stone talk about it, though he knew it wouldn’t be easy. Even if Stone hadn’t tried to force his advances on Tony -  a distasteful, but infinitely preferable alternative to Tony being with Stone unwillingly - Tiberius Stone was still a man engaged to be married, and Steve was well within his rights to remind him of that.
“Right, right… have the others returned yet, Jarvis?” he inquired, more a formality than a real concern.
Tony whined, unable to move, desperate in his failing attempt to rub himself against Steve. They were still almost fully clothed, except for Tony’s shirt which had been opened up at the top to grant Steve more access to Tony’s neck, and Tony’s cock ached in the confines of his breeches. He could feel that Steve was as affected as him, but was clearly set on taking his time to come to their mutual completion.
Steve and Tiberius were bound to move in similar circles, after all, given their positions and similar age.
“I don’t understand what…” Tony started, his tone flippant. He seemed determined to refuse to acknowledge that anything had been amiss. It rattled Steve to his core, how Tony replied while avoiding his eyes, and how he’d automatically exuded an air of aloofness that would have fooled him once, but now he could clearly recognize it as a mask.
So... Please let me know what you thought of the chapter. Your comments not only make my day, they add a huge deal to my motivation for writing.
Maybe Tony finally realized how low he had fallen and regretted some of his life choices. He was sure Tony regretted refusing his marriage proposal, but it was too late now and Steve was a different man than who he'd been all those years ago.
“It’s only that, well…yes, I will miss Ned a great deal, but this is such a great opportunity for him, it’s all he’s talked about the last week and I know how tight things have been with money lately for him, but he’s…” Peter slowed, looking at Tony with pleading eyes as he finished saddling the mare. “He’s my best friend, Mr Stark! I’ll never see him if they move away,” he said, forlorn.
Steve had just gotten out of his formal jacket and vest, his shirt hanging out of his breeches, when he heard a light knock from the door leading to the adjoining study, the room connected to the lady’s study.
“You will stay away from him,” Steve stated, voice hard and emotionless, tired of playing Stone’s games.
Jarvis’ eyes lingered on him for a moment before he replied with a curt, “Understood, my lord,” and left.
Steve’s heart quickened at the sight of him. How was this bright-eyed man in front of him possibly the same man that was the source of so much gossip and scandal?
A petty voice on the back of his head told him that perhaps Steve was reading a letter from a lover.
It was unfortunate that Tony no longer had the means to help the boy get further in life than being a servant. But Tony had long ago run out of money to spend on things like funding university tuition for his orphaned servants, no matter how much he liked Peter.
Things were getting better. After that first night, when Tony’s quiet resolve and ever-burning desire for Steve had been the only things keeping him from completely falling apart when faced with Steve’s icy words and his endless hunger for Tony’s body, Steve had become calmer, almost careful in his treatment of Tony. If Tony was one to fool himself he would say Steve was starting to forget his resentment for him, his love for his lost wife, and was once more developing those dangerous feelings he had long past left behind.
“Well, your army days are behind you, so you should at least take pride in your accomplishments, Steve. You’ve certainly saved this place from ruin, I’d say. It’s time you did something for yourself, my fellow. Relax a little. Have fun!”
Steve’s eyes shot up, as if only then realising that Tony had left his previous spot to come closer to him.
. Perhaps once, years ago, he had. But nowadays what was he for Tony but an endless cause of stress, nothing more than a duty for this man whom Steve had come to cherish again, so much.
From the first night they spent together, Steve was constantly aware of Tony. Always so close to him and so far away at the same time. His siren call was ever persistent and Steve often found himself drawn to its melody, his heart beating to its strange rhythm.
Losing his mother to consumption, losing his wife to fever, losing his love to money. Steve supposed he was born to be unlucky in love. Though that was unfair to his friends. He would have been lost to his grief if it hadn't been for Bucky, Clint and the others keeping him company and forcing him to carry on with his life. It was with their help that, like every other time he'd had his heart crushed, Steve had managed to move on.
Seated behind the desk probably finishing the day’s work, Tony mused. He looked up when Tony entered, as if surprised to see him. He was clad just in a silk robe and some loose pants.
Suddenly, Tony’s eyes snapped open, finally alert to the other presence in his room. His gaze fell immediately on Steve, stunned.
“From my recollection, Lord Howard was a fairly generous man,” he said. After all, it was the elder Lord Stark that had paid for Steve’s army commission. Even though he had always seemed distant and aloof, and Tony had always complained about his father ‘not being fair’, Lord Howard had always seemed like an average man of the peerage to Steve.
“Indeed he did. Mr Stark has been invaluable in setting the place up. Half the furniture inside came from the manor. Such a stark difference from his father, forgive the pun,” Mr Coulson noted.
Of course, he would've read that part of the specs with extra care. "That's what the manual said," Steve confirmed.
Someone, indeed. That someone is Tony, and again, for half a minute, Steve almost made him lose focus. Steve is too distracting. He should do the right thing and send Steve away, for so many reasons. But not now.
Steve didn't particularly like Justin Hammer, but he didn't like Tony very much either, and he wasn't going to point the finger at a man he believed to be innocent just to escape his own circumstances. He told Tony that he didn't think Hammer was the culprit and kept working.
That doesn't make any sense whatsoever to Steve, but clearly, Tony's already working on some ingenious solution for getting back home.
Steve could just discern the outline of a door amidst the skyscape surrounding them. He supposed he could take Randall down and force his way out, although he couldn't be entirely certain—he didn't know the capabilities of his own frame, or what kind of features Randall's had. He also had no idea of what was out there, except that an exclusive clinic for the elite would surely have strict security measures.
"Steve?" Tony tried again. In his own ears, there was a hesitant, plaintive note in his voice, one that didn't sound at all like him, usually so full of charm and confidence.
"I think I might need to ask the docs to recheck for brain damage, but yeah, I do," Tony says, his tone breezy, but his expression serious, his eyes fixed on Steve's.
Bucky reappeared, a look of alarm on his face. "Let go of him," he commanded Seren in his Northern-accented common language.
That did make sense. It might also explain why Stane had banned Steve from accessing the lower levels: Stane had guessed that if Tony was alive, he'd be hiding close to the street levels, and had been worried that he'd try to contact Steve. But Steve still didn't know what they were getting at. "How does all this relate to figuring out the details of his backups?"
Having a working escape vehicle meant very little when he had no way to power it. He knew for a fact that he wouldn't get anywhere with the amount of energy he had left. The sunstone definitely looked dimmer that it used to, its glow barely discernible in the gloom of his cell.
"Too late for regrets now," Tony said, but seemed to have decided to have mercy on Steve, because he brought his mouth to where it needed to be, giving Steve's full length a sloppy lick.
"Why not? Is someone forcing you? Blackmailing you? Whoever it is, whatever they've got on you, if you need help—you don't have to be alone in this. Not anymore." Steve wasn't even sure if he was trying to fish for information, or if he was genuinely offering his help. Not that he believed for one moment that Tony would accept it.
Even if talking turned out to be a mistake, it wasn't as if Steve had a lot left to lose. He might as well. "There was some kind of a conspiracy inside SHIELD, and from what I've heard since I woke up, I'm guessing they ended up in control," he said. "I wasn't part of it. I was set up."
He pinched the bridge of his nose and drew a deep breath, pushing the thoughts away before they were fully formed. He looked at Tony, focusing on how different he looked, the grayed hair and the lined face.
"Hi, Steve. I'm Ed," Tony said, unblinking, and shook Steve's hand. "I definitely haven't seen you before. I'm sure I'd remember it."
It didn’t make any sense, because in these memories, Tony was just as into it as Steve was, and that couldn’t be right. Steve had tried to ignore his own, inconvenient feelings towards Tony for a long time, but he knew Tony had no such struggles. Tony had never liked him very much, and after the Accords and Siberia, Tony had absolutely loathed him.
Tony probably hadn't left New York at all during the decades Steve had spent in the ice. Steve hadn't thought of that. The world outside planet Earth had changed just as much from Tony's perspective as Steve's. "I'd love to join you," he offered. "If you'd like that."
Steve stood up, letting the police officers move in to contain Stane, and returned to Tony's side. "Ultron? You release him right now. You've lost, anyway," he ordered.
"Then I really don't get what the problem is. Just look at the Avengers. It's not like any of us are actively looking for a match." Bruce held out a hand, ticking off fingers as he went on: "Natasha and Clint are probably too neurotic about their privacy to hand over samples to anyone. Steve's genome is classified, for sure. Thor isn't even human. And me, well, I've got a big green reason not to, and even if I wanted to, after the amount of mutations the gamma exposure left me with, it'd probably be a pointless exercise."
“We will join the others in taking a walk around the grounds. Come,” Steve stated with finality before heading outside, Tony rushing behind him.
Steve was absently walking the corridors, wondering what Tony was doing that had made him so late, when he heard a loud commotion coming from below. He rushed to the balustrade and bent over just in time to see Tony and Peter running across the lobby, chasing a mud-covered mutt that had somehow managed to sneak inside the house and wreak havoc on the freshly mopped floors.
They fell on the rug, with Tony under Steve, his legs parted obscenely, making room for the man. His eyes ran over that beloved face. Steve’s pupils were blown with lust, his mouth swollen from kissing and his usually neat hair was dishevelled. He took Tony’s hands in his own and in one move he was pinning Tony to the floor, arms held bent above his head and completely at Steve’s mercy.
Tony Stark had spent half his life being in love with Steve Rogers. They’ve known each other since childhood. Steve’s mother had been a maid of the Starks before her untimely death. Left as an orphan,  Steve had soon been taken in by the family and given work at the stables. Before long, Steve had managed to be placed in charge of Lord Stark’s favourite stallions and mares, all due to his diligent nature and patient persistence. Tony, despite being the Lord’s only son and heir, had been allowed to spend time with him, seeing as he didn’t have anyone else near his age in the neighbourhood for him to play with. Of course, they’d been inseparable. Those long lazy summers in the countryside would always be counted amongst the happiest days of Tony’s life. What sorrow filled his heart every time he departed for the Town House where the Starks spent their winters and had to be parted from his dearest friend. What joy blossomed when he was returned to him.
He regarded the man before him. Sir James Buchanan Barnes was a difficult man to work out. For one, he had never seemed to warm up to Tony. One could have taken that as a sign of contempt for Tony’s now fallen position in the eyes of society. But Tony knew that Barnes, much like Steve, had actually come from a humble background.
Tony’s cheeks reddened at that. Not giving him time to splutter an excuse, Steve turned to the actual contractor with newfound determination.
Could it all be acting? Steve doubted that. Even Tony wasn’t as good an actor as to keep up the pretence at all times.
Tony was lost as to how he should reply to that. He knew that Jarvis had an almost inhuman ability to always be aware of what took place inside the manor, but, somehow rather stupidly, come to think of it, Tony hadn’t realised until that moment that that could include his and Steve’s secret relationship.
Looking down at the letter he had received earlier informing him of his guests’ arrival, he replied “Soon, very soon. This Friday, to be precise.”
While Tony felt strangely settled in his role as Steve’s secretary in the day, the same couldn't be said for his role as Steve’s mistress in the night.
This chapter was betaed by EachPeachPearPlum and Lacrimula_Falsa! Thank you guys for putting up with my mood swings...
The kiss soon turned slow, leisurely, leaving Tony almost bereft at the loss of Steve’s previous bout of passion.
There was no sign of the conceit that Lord Stark had been known for, no arrogance in the way he held himself when he talked. He liked a drink, yes, but only slightly more than Steve did, nowhere near as much as the rumours suggested. And he was eager to give his body away for Steve’s pleasure, but then, Steve would be the last to object to that.
Tony’s eyes widened, not expecting that kind of reaction from the other man. He felt hurt at Steve’s harsh words while his curiosity only grew greater. What
“Oh, he has an eye, alright. An eye for making profit out of his unsuspecting clientele, that is!” Tony shot back.
But, alas, it was not the case. As Steve himself had said that first night, this was just him taking what he’d paid for.
To his credit, the boy, Peter, looked sheepish before he rushed to gather the offending animals up. Tony regarded the boy fondly, a rare true smile on his face. Something inside Steve panged at the sight.
This chapter also has sort of a soundtrack? As in I listened to this song on repeat while writing it.
Minutes passed and they were both still panting, Steve seated on his chair with Tony kneeling between his parted legs, resting a tired forehead on Steve’s inner thigh. Tony wished he didn’t ever have to move. He dosed off.
The dog barked happily, quite possibly taking the entire show as a rather entertaining game. It stopped, as if finally satisfied to stay where it was. All around it lay pools of mud and broken pieces of porcelain.
Steve had never before felt hunger like he felt for this man. He’d always taken pride in the strength of his willpower, but there was no way even the strongest of men could resist this.
That would have to do for now. Steve knew not to expect anything else from a man as proud and conceited as Tiberius Stone.
Steve had asked Reverend Coulson if he could visit St Mary Magdalene’s some weeks before but had all but forgotten about it until a written invitation from the man had come with his daily correspondence.
Now, Steve had truly grieved his wife’s passing. She had been his faithful companion for years, and his closest confidant for even longer. But to this day, he still felt a deep shame for the fact that her death hadn’t left him in the same helpless agony that losing Tony had. Steve would never admit it out loud, but when Tony had first offered to become his lover, a terrible, dark part of himself had been glad he was a widower and thus avoided committing adultery when he - perhaps inevitably - accepted.
Mr Coulson huffed. “No, I supposed you’d think that, my lord. But the late Lord Stark was a man of tradition. He detested the idea of giving shelter to women who had given birth out of wedlock, and I’m sorry to say that, had it not been for his passing, this place wouldn’t exist. While alive, he was avidly opposed to its creation. Yes, Lord Howard was… a difficult man.”
Perhaps the fear of a scandal and of losing a beneficial match with a powerful family would be enough to convince Stone to keep his hands away from Tony.
If Jarvis was surprised, he didn’t show it. “Of course, my lord. May I ask when the guests will be arriving?”
Steve frowned, his mind going over what he just heard. It was odd, but Steve couldn’t recall Stane’s name being mentioned at all during the entire business of the Stark Company’s bankruptcy. It was even stranger when he remembered that Mr Stane, a tall, proud-looking sort of man, had actually helped build the company from the ground up and had been a stockholder and business partner to both Lord Starks.
, it can’t be helping, for either of you! It’s not healthy,” he finished, panting. He was pleading with Steve to understand him.
Steve hadn’t forgotten that; on the contrary, after spending more time with him, Steve couldn’t help but be constantly reminded of their time together in the distant past. It was as if a candle had been lit and now shone upon the darkest corners of his soul.
That, apparently, caused a chain reaction of gasps, exclamations of surprise, and shocked denials to fill the air, as the gossiping party expressed their collective surprise at the notion.
starving, though. What’s cook prepared for dinner, Jarvis?” Tony asked, as the butler removed the covers from the dishes and the strong aroma of well-cooked meat hit his nose.
Steve let down the notebook and got up, walking up to him. “I happen to like the plans for the pavilion, Tony,” he stated, coming head to head with him, gaze burning into Tony’s. “End of story.”
First I would like to apologize for taking so long to update. These past three weeks have been some of the most trying times of my life. I don't want to say too much, just that something happened to someone close to me and it took a while for me to get back to a semblance of normality.
Troubled by the track his thoughts were taking him down, Steve opted to take his next meal alone, leaving Tony to his own devices. He next saw the man when he met him in the library. They chatted absently about work, Tony giving him worried looks, but not commenting on anything.
Tony’s heart dropped. How long had Steve been standing there? Could he possibly have heard what Tony said?
Bucky frowned, thinking it over. “Fury said that there’s a navy man looking for him. Rhodes, I think his name was. He says he’s a friend of Stark's. Ever heard of him?”
“Erm, yes, of course,” he replied curtly, annoyed with himself. All morning he had been distracted by the most maddening strip of bare skin peeking through Tony’s elaborately tied cravat, and he’d barely been able to concentrate enough to get minimal work done. Tony looked at him curiously but clearly opted not to pry further.
Could it be possible that Steve had misinterpreted what he saw? He knew very well that his judgement was compromised where Tony was concerned, but could he really have been this wrong? Perhaps what Steve had initially read in Tony’s eyes as fear was instead shame at having been caught in such a position by a man that had, until very recently, been his lover.
“Steve, please…” Tony moaned again, Steve’s very own siren. Their eyes met and slowly, purposefully, Tony spread his legs apart in an irresistible invitation.
That was an understatement. As the master of spies for the crown, General Fury was likely the best-informed man in the country.
“Natalia wishes to return to town before her cousin Lady Dimitrova leaves for the continent, and the rest of us have decided to head back with her. You should stay here and continue to work on the house,” he stated, somewhat calmer.
Steve’s thoughts were already drifting to the latest letter he’d gotten from one of his associates when something Hogan mentioned caught his interest. “I’m sorry, would you repeat that?” he asked.
Tony’s gaze was burning when it settled on him, studying. After a moment of consideration, he finally answered, “I did. I do”.
Tony’s eyebrows went up at Steve’s suggestion, but, after a moment of silent contemplation, he nodded, though somewhat reluctantly.
Tony sighed, happily, as he turned into Steve’s arms, his body pressing closer to Steve’s. They had made love one more time, slower, almost leisurely, looking into each other’s eyes the entire time, and Tony had ended up falling asleep not long after.
When he finally got to Tony’s member he found it already half swollen. Taking the first exploring lick, Steve moaned, tasting divinity for the first time.
He cleared his throat, wishing he had more time to clear his mind as well. “I thought Mr Smith was the contractor, Mr Stark, and yet, here you are covered in paint,” he commented dryly.
Jarvis knew he was sleeping with Steve. Oh, God. Tony had never felt more embarrassed in his entire life. Did Jarvis also know about the deal? Had he -god forbid- seen them together in bed? Tony was mortified.
“It’s for Lord Stone, my lord. He asked for tea to be served in his rooms,” Jarvis explained. A hint of irritation coloured his normally impassive voice. It would seem that even the cool and collected Jarvis wasn’t overly fond of this particular guest and Steve couldn’t agree more.
Indeed, how could Steve forget that saving Stark Manor and the rest of the estate had meant so much to Tony, he had practically given his body for it.
Why would the man leave in such a hurry, Steve wondered. And where to? It was too convenient an escape, if that were actually the case. Was the man really gone? Was he even
He came screaming Tony’s name, lost in the white haze of one of the most powerful orgasms he’d ever experienced in his life.
Steve made sure to send Miss Potts up with a tray for him, but he was honestly glad that Tony would be spared of suffering through dinner with Lord Stone. Unfortunately, Steve could not avoid it, but he at least had the satisfaction of watching him try to explain his freshly blackened eye to the ladies of their company.
“As a matter of fact, my Eliza is perfectly aware of my past dalliance with Anthony Stark and she has graciously forgiven my foolish infatuation with a well-known gold-digging miscreant,” he replied, his tone seemingly indifferent, though his eyes burned. “I don’t see how that’s any of your business anyway, Rogers. Stark clearly doesn’t have your favour any longer. It is perfectly clear to me - and to anyone with eyes, I might add - that you, my lord, are done playing house with your secretary.”
. Steve, who had, even as a child, always called him by his given name, always Tony, and never sir or Master Anthony.
Steve’s hands tightened around Tony’s shoulder, trying to control the anger that welled up at the thought of how much Tony had had to endure, without ever saying a word.
It was barely half an hour’s ride to the place. Thankfully, Steve shared it with Bucky, Lady Natalia and Mister Banner, so it passed in a rather quiet manner.
At his side, his dear friend Lady Natalia was chatting lively with Mr Banner about the latest gossips she’d learned when she had last been at the town. Their merry banter was a welcome background noise somewhat soothing Steve’s restlessness. On the other side of the room, the reason for Steve’s agitation was all but flirting with a somewhat flustered Sir Barton while Sir Barnes, dear old Bucky, was glaring at the both of them, probably out of some misguided loyalty to Steve. Of course, Steve knew there was no real reason for Bucky to be concerned. Stark was perfectly aware of where his limits should lie, though he, of course, loved playing with them, reaching but ultimately not crossing the line of propriety.
Steve’s hands were combing through Tony’s messy curls, basking in the familiar silky feeling of them on the tips of his fingers. In contrast to Tony, Steve had been unable to relax after their love-making. Instead, he was plagued with alarming thoughts that sucked all joy he might have felt out of his heart.
How could one man be so tempting and yet so infuriating at the same time? Steve’s arms tightened around him, not willing to let go.
It had taken almost a month of constant, private correspondence for them to agree to Steve’s preliminary proposal.
At that moment he was so much like the guileless boy of Tony’s youth that Tony found himself in a daze. His legs moved as if on their own taking him closer to Steve. When he was finally in front of him he looked in his eyes, not uttering a word, fearing the spell might be broken and the cold, distant Steve will reappear. He fell to his knees.
Steve decidedly avoided thinking about the Tony Stark of his past, who was ridiculous and smart, and charming and warm-hearted. Well… most of the time. Steve had struggled for years to move past the events of that day, the day that marked the real end of his youth. He had gone to Tony that day a green boy full of hope, and had left him a man, with his heart shattered to pieces.
There was an old carved wooden box hidden at the bottom of Steve’s old travelling chest. It had been one of the few things of his childhood Steve had kept with him in the army and through the years after.
“Steve…” he started, breath catching as Steve’s hands shot to his waist. He didn’t get a chance to finish. Steve was quick to claim Tony’s lips with his own, demanding entrance to his mouth with a probing tongue. Tony could only grant his wish with a contented sigh, forgetting all previous protest.
Steve had always been strangely eager to learn news of Tony’s whereabouts. He was ashamed to remember how vindicated he’d felt when he first realised how far from honourable Tony Stark had proven to be. Steve recalled telling Bucky he was grateful to fate for not leaving him bound to a man like that, once again blaming his boyish foolishness for falling for Tony’s wiles in the first place.
“Oh, I am sure it would be a terrible bother, Beatrice,” Sharon said, shyly, and not at all helpful.
Some were, as expected, more understanding than others. Lady Natalia had asked in her last letter before she joined their party if Steve purchased Stark Manor out of devotion to the late Lord Howard, the man who had paid for Steve’ commission. In part, she had been right. Steve had felt bound by honour to help salvage what was left of Howard Stark’s property, both for the late Howard’s sake as well as for the sake of the household staff. After all, he had once been one of them. If he’d been told back then that one day he would be the lord of the manor while the heir, Anthony Stark would lose his title and company due to lies, mismanagement and other nefarious acts, Steve was sure he’d have died from laughter.
“I,” he began, unable to form words. Steve raised a -rather dashing, if somewhat questioning- brow at him.
The next morning, Steve woke up earlier than usual. He took a small breakfast in his room and with it, Jarvis also brought in a letter that had arrived early in the morning, from Sir James Barnes.
Well. How was Tony supposed to do his work as Steve’s secretary if Steve didn’t pay any attention to him?
Stone’s smile widened at Steve’s hesitation. “Are you willing to throw away the chance at a better livelihood for so many people, all for the sake of some misguided notion of preserving Anthony Stark’s ruined reputation?”
As Lord Rogers and the new master of the house he had chosen to take the master suite of the estate, the rooms that had once belonged to Anthony’s father and then Anthony himself. The Lady’s rooms adjoining his own though, those Steve had generously given to his new secretary.
He was dressed rather informally, just a pair of trousers and a half-tucked shirt, and was apparently in the middle of discussing business with one of the contractors for the house. Just by looking at him, it was evident Tony had spent the morning working along with the other men. Both his clothes and his face were smudged with paint.
A couple of times Steve had thought he'd caught Stark's eyes turning a bit too glassy or his smile a bit too fixed, but it had passed too quickly to be anything but his mind playing tricks on him. After all the lighting in the room wasn’t ideal, there being too few candles due to the meagre budget the manor had been forced to operate under these last few years. Not for long though. Steve was already planning a great deal of changes around the place.
Steve had enough of waiting. Tony had been toying with him all night, smiling at everyone else, playing songs on the pianoforte, singing and touching other people, acting every bit like the whore he had been reduced to.
What was most unnerving to Steve, though, was how familiar their description of Tony was. It was almost identical in tone and subject matter to the gossip Steve used to hear about the man back in town.
Steve too had added more than once to Tony’s silent suffering. How many times had he scoffed at the man, had he spoken words aimed at hurting him, making Tony suffer like he had made Steve suffer?
“Congratulations, my lord,” Tony said, after a few moments of awkward silence. “You’ve accomplished quite a feat today.”
“Watch out!” Steve exclaimed from the top of the stair, too late. Tony’s leg slipped, his hands flailing in the air comically as he landed on his backside.
Tony gathered his book, intent to finish it up in his own rooms, when found himself once again the focus Barnes’ attention.
“Agh…Steve, please!” Tony cried, his entire body shaking after Steve shoved a third finger deep inside him, his eyes rolling as the pleasure got too much for him to deal with.
Did he think Tony was in trouble with the law, still? Was he accusing Tony of some other mischief? No, no, Steve had sounded almost contrite, not accusing.
“True. Let us see…” he looked around, his eyes landing on some of his favourites hoarded in a pile on a nearby sofa. He picked a couple up, offering them to the other man.
Steve was proving to be a kind master, not that Tony had any doubts of his character. It was after all the reason he had pursued this so adamantly. But he did have some reservations where it concerned Steve’s dealing with him in particular, if their shared history was to be taken under consideration. But Steve seemed able to compartmentalise and he’d been nothing but courteous -if a bit distant- when instructing Tony in their everyday dealings.
Something ugly stirred inside Steve’s stomach. The navy man that was looking into Stane, Rhodes, was obviously coming to meet Tony. That in itself shouldn’t cause Steve any worry, but it wasn’t only that, was it?
infatuated. He could hear light shuffling behind him but surprisingly Stark chose to remain uncharacteristically silent. Steve refused to feel bad for him. At the end of the day, all of it had been Stark’s fault. Even this happened because Stark actively pursuit it.
There had been a time when Steve would have promised the world to Tony in order to have this. A time when having Tony’s hand in marriage would mean making him the happiest man alive, not a laughing stock.
“Nonsense! It doesn’t need to be a large event. It shouldn’t take more than a few days to organize, and you know it’s just the perfect way to celebrate your deal being finalized,” Mrs Dugan continued, and slowly it dawned on Steve what exactly they were talking about.
It had been days since the letter first arrived, and still Tony couldn’t for the life of him figure out how to answer his dearest friend.
“Tony, Tony…” Steve panted into Tony’s neck, his jaw, his gasping mouth, as he felt Tony’s heat enveloping his aching member. He bottomed out and stilled momentarily, basking at the glorious feeling of him, only moving when Tony clumsily tried to roll his hips, a desperate plea falling from his trembling lips.
“A lady never tells,” Natalia answered cryptically, lifting her eyebrows while throwing Tony a suggestive look that said a great deal all by itself. They both burst into giggles, and Steve’s mouth tightened in displeasure. This was far from proper.
that followed was so tangible, Steve could've sworn Tony had spoken those exact words aloud, even though his lips hadn't moved.
"Yes. It won't be easy," Pepper said. "The good thing is, I think Stane wants to avoid involving SHIELD if he can. So far, he hasn't even contacted them about the earlier murders. I think he suspects Tony's behind them, and he doesn't want SHIELD to know about it."
"That's kind of the plan," Tony said, caressing Steve's thigh. "You know, I'm not usually into this kind of thing, but I might enjoy it anyway."
Tony let go of Steve's neck, moving both hands to Steve's shoulders. Steve could feel the heat radiating from them through the three layers of fabric he was wearing, but it was distant compared to that of Tony's mouth against his. It was almost unpleasant, but not quite, like stepping from a cold room into a bathtub full of steaming water. It was no chaste kiss, either; Tony opened his lips and sucked them tight against Steve's, his tongue flicking out. It felt warmer than it should, too.
Forty-eight hours, that was how long his genetics lab had insisted that it would take to put together his project, and only if they assigned a few people to work on it full-time. He'd told them to do that. He'd also implied that it was a confidential Avengers matter; that should make sure no one else found out what he was up to.
In comparison, Tony's grin looked easy and relaxed. "I like the sound of that. Your place, like we talked before?"
"I'm so relieved to hear that." Steve runs his hand up and down Tony's arm, and Tony's not sure if it's meant to reassure him or Steve. "I tried to look up the device Stane used to stun you, but I didn't find anything online, so I didn't know what to expect."
"Like I could sleep for a week," Tony replies, which Steve thinks is surprisingly direct, coming from him. "Didn't know you could get this tired from being too cold. Then again, spending several days barely eating or sleeping might play a part, too. They were saying something about messed-up electrolytes and whatnot. Wasn't really paying attention."
When Tony shifted to slide one hand between their bodies, Steve also slackened his hold enough to give them more room. He didn't get further than that before Tony's fingers closed around his cock, the heat of his touch taking Steve's breath away.
Bruce had been talking to him for the past half a minute, but Tony hadn't heard a word of it. He stood up and started to pace, too excited by his eureka-moment to stay still. Bruce fell quiet, peering at him curiously.
The trousers—and the boxers, which must be silk and which Steve very quickly drops in the pile with everything else—are easy enough to get rid of, but the upper half is a challenge. The thin, waterlogged jacket clings to Tony's arms, and the many fiddly buttons of his dress shirt give Steve so much trouble, he ends up tearing off several of them.
"Tony. This isn't a bad thing, when you stop to think about it," Pepper went on, annoyingly calm and all too positive. "This means there's a better way than random chance for people to find their soulmates, if they want to."
He didn't want to be stuck in this frame for the rest of his life. This frame wasn't him. It was a mockery of him, one that someone else had picked for him. Still, right now, what he wanted more than anything was his freedom, and he knew he'd never have that without getting rid of that damned tracker. He was ready to risk everything to get there.
Although he vividly remembered the pressure of Tony's fingers around his throat, breathing was as easy as ever, and when he swallowed, he felt no hint of bruising.
Tony realized he'd just broadcast all that affection at Steve, all the feelings he'd always been so determined to push to the background. As confessions went, really, he might just as well have said the words.
"I can come up with plenty of ways to get us in. We've still got missiles that can break the windows. I could fix my armor and fly up there. Might even be able to smuggle Jarvis into the elevator controls and hitch a ride," Rhodey said. "The problem's getting Tony out. I think the first thing Stane will do if he feels threatened will be to kill him and call in SHIELD, in that order."
"All right. For you to understand the whole story, I need to give you some background into a trip to Venice. It wasn't an expedition as such, not like my usual fare. I was there to do research, because I had heard of these ancient manuscripts on a monastery island. It was there that I first met Natasha..."
Everyone had the right to their unique genome and their unique likeness. Stealing either of those was among the worst crimes one could commit. Creating a frame that looked exactly like someone else, without permission, was almost as bad as transferring one's mind to someone else's clone. If these laws no longer existed, in this future he was now in, then it was a world whose rules Steve could not accept.
"There are treatments that slow down aging considerably. Not common, but easily available, if you have the money. See, Obie didn't want me dead or senile. I was extremely useful to him. Best engineer SI had. You saw his drones? My handiwork, as are a lot of the cars, and the planes, and the shuttles. Did some work for SHIELD, too. And you must've met Ultron? He wouldn't exist without me, either. So, yeah. Obie wanted me in working order. I think a couple of times he must've brought in a specialist to delete some of the more traumatic memories. I'm not sure because I don't remember." Tony shrugged, as if that wasn't bad enough to merit more than a brief mention.
"It would, wouldn't it?" Tony said. "I've thought about that. Honestly, if I didn't know for a fact that both Pepper and Natalie were otherwise occupied at the time, I would find them both extremely suspicious."
He should've told her a long time ago. He should tell her now. See how calm she'd be after that. But it was already too late.
That was, of course, the exact moment Bruce chose for poking his head through the privacy curtain. “Hi, how are—oh." He gave the most long-suffering sigh Steve could imagine.
There was something wet against his shoulder where Tony's face rested, and Steve didn't know whether it was tears or blood. "Steve," Tony repeated. He was trembling all over.
Any cautious, reasonable person would probably have turned around at this point, but Tony had never been one of those.
"James, I'm begging you, and that's not something I do often," he insisted, his clear blue eyes glimmering with despair. "I need your help. I don't have long left."
Tony moved closer to Steve, resting his chin against Steve's shoulder, his beard tickling Steve's skin. "I'm not," Tony admitted.
"Trust me, I wouldn't be asking you if I didn't," Tony says, turning his own cup around in his hands. "I've tried everything I can think of. There's no model designation on the regulator, just a serial number that doesn't give me any hits on your database. The thirium that came from this android has no identifying info at all. I know the specs and they don't fit anything in your catalogue. It's like the model doesn't exist. If I didn't have concrete proof, I'd be starting to suspect I imagined the whole thing."
The place looked like Tony's workshop at SHIELD HQ, back when SHIELD had still been good, except that workshop had been all shiny and new, and this one looked run-down, as did its owner.
Falling asleep isn't any easier the night after Tony gets back from Detroit. On top of the usual regrets about all his past mistakes and the people he got killed and the android he murdered, Tony's also stuck second-guessing whether he made the right call, giving Kamski that promise. It was selfish, wasn't it? He's only looking into the android's identity because he's seeking to ease his conscience. Maybe he shouldn't have said anything and just kept the tech to himself for the rest of his life. Then again, he kind of owed it to Kamski to at least tell him about what happened, because it's the honest truth that CyberLife tech is the only reason Tony's still alive.
Sam isn't sure whether he's more worried for Steve, who's gone missing, or for Tony, who seems to have lost his mind.
"They're very," Pepper started, fell silent as if looking for the right word, and finished with, "menacing, I'd say."
If Stane was in league with Hydra, why would he have wanted to bring Steve out of storage at all? The fact that he'd seemed to care enough to get Steve out early had been how the resistance convinced Steve he might still hold some sway over Tony. Now that he knew that man hadn't actually been Tony at all, it made no sense.
Steve sat down in one of the grimy plastic chairs and looked from Fury to Natasha, who was still standing by the door. Both wore cool, neutral expressions that revealed nothing. "So, Tony didn't send you after me then?"
Steve tried not to think of it. That wasn't difficult, with Tony's cock in his mouth. He put all his focus on that. He couldn't claim it was pleasant; it was like trying to swallow food that should've been allowed to cool down a moment longer. He could tell Tony was loving it, though, which made it more than worth it, and there was that feeling of playing with fire, of excitement and danger at the back of his head. He didn't stop, but held on and sucked as if he could draw that heat right out of Tony.
For a brief moment, his thoughts went back to his last mission, to Rumlow and the pain of the stun blast and the cold concrete under his back; then, without warning, it transformed into another scene.
"I left him tied up in that tiny cleaning closet upstairs," Steve says, with a nod towards the stairs. "I was going to use his own device on him, but since I couldn't find out how dangerous that'd be, this was my plan B."
Tony was suspicious, but he went anyway, because if it was from her, he wanted to know what she had to say—his last memories of her were vague, as were all his memories about what had happened at the Fountain. He was hoping she could shed some light on those events. If it wasn't from her, well, he had no idea who might've forged it or why, and he'd like to find out.
"And you built the repulsor pump as you lay bleeding out, with a knife sticking out of your chest? Because you've always said you made it yourself," Steve reminded him.
"Yes. Since his parents died," Miss Potts replied. "A traffic accident. That would've been a few years after you were sentenced."
Steve had told Tony that he didn't want to talk about this topic, let alone listen to jokes related to it, but that kind of thing never seemed to make any difference when Tony was concerned. Tactful was one word Steve would never use to describe him. He realized he was grinding his teeth, no doubt turning the expression on the tough face he wore even more harsh. Tony liked poking fun at him, and it was easy when he was already worked up about other things. He forced himself to loosen his jaw.
She must've taken Steve's surprised look for concern over a friend. "No, I don't, but she might be a friend of friends," Steve replied. "Is there anything else you can tell me about her? Do you know where she works?"
"Stane is in custody, on charges of stealing your identity," Steve said, his face and voice undoubtedly showing how pleased he was about this.
"Whatever's going on, I promise I'll do my best to find him. I'll let you know when I do," he told Pepper firmly.
He was supposed to be trying to solve this case. Instead, he'd had sex with his suspect. Sure, he'd probably advanced the investigation more overnight than he would've otherwise, but—what in God's name had he been thinking?
The first to step out was a large man, wide-shouldered and tall. His suit looked expensive, with a pristine white jacket, and since he wasn't wearing a hat, his bald head stood out. He had a walking stick, though he didn't actually seem to need it. He was followed by several men who looked like your garden-variety gangsters. Steve counted eight in total. He spotted the scar-faced man he'd knocked out in the Groggy Cod among them. They organized themselves in a semi-circle around Tony, pointing guns at him, trapping him at the edge of the pier with nowhere to go.
It was a stroke of luck that Bucky happened to be watching at the exact moment when Stark's eyes closed and he started listing precariously to one side.
It's pure chance that it's Sam's turn so that he's around when it happens. He's just entered the room carrying a sandwich and a cup of coffee when he realizes there's a new kind of tension in the air.
The bartender's eyes darkened. "You've got to be kidding me. You walk in here looking like a top-floor thrill seeker gone slumming, and try to pay me with street-level coin? That's bullshit. You pay me in proper money, I'm sure you've got plenty. I can smell it on you."
A loud bang and a sudden lance of pain through his right shoulder cut short his hopes of an easy escape.
"I was thinking about that while you slept," Steve replies. "Obviously, we'll need more time to talk things through. Before that, you need to recuperate, and I think we could both use some space to think about what we want, going forward. I suggest we set up a meeting later, say, in a month, on neutral ground. Somewhere out of the way, to be sure no one will bother us."
He could see one single explanation that'd make the pieces fit. "You're the reason Stane got me out of the ice, aren't you?"
Luckily, the Finn hasn't gone far. The rain seems to have stopped for good, and Tapio is sitting on a camp stool by the lake, fishing. He casts a brief glance at the approaching Steve, and nods and hums in greeting before turning his attention back to his line.
"Yes, please," Steve moaned, just in case Iron Man had any doubts about whether he was comfortable with this.
As Tony pulled away, he also let go of Steve and stepped backwards. Apparently, Steve wasn't the only one who was hesitant about what was all right and how fast they should be moving—they both seemed more timid, not less so, now that their secrets had been revealed. Perhaps it wasn't surprising. Last time, Steve had thought it would be just the one encounter, and that there could never be anything beyond that. Today, things were different.
Steve half expected a flashback, but overwhelming hatred drowned it. His hands clenched into tight fists, nails digging into his palms.
Steve expected Tony to return to bed after he'd hung up. Instead, he heard the sound of a door opening and closing. It was to the right, so that would be the bathroom door, not the one leading to the corridor.
me, and I'm no one. I don't exist." Tony's voice was raw with anger and despair, and Steve couldn't blame him.
The bathroom door opened, and the always-impressive red-and-gold figure stepped through it, looking bigger than usual and out of place in the everyday surroundings of Steve's bathroom. "I didn't mean to intrude," Iron Man said. "I just wanted to check if you were all right, and you didn't answer your door, so I let myself in to make sure."
Bucky narrowed his eyes, watching her go until she disappeared behind a corner. He then turned his attention to Tony again. "Come on. We should go before someone shows up." Aware of how weak Tony was, he crouched down next to him, offering his shoulder for support.
The most challenging part would be once they reached the dungeons. They didn't know the layout of the tunnels or where to find Tony there, so they'd just have to improvise. The longer they had to spend looking for him, the more likely they were to be detected.
Tony wasn't wearing a suit when he reappeared, but a silk bathrobe, and his smile looked even more dangerous than before. "I think we've established you have an incredibly high tolerance for pain, but no matter. There are other methods we can try," he said, lowering his voice towards the end.
Steve stayed on the bench, sitting very still, his back ramrod straight, hands clasped tightly together. "It's not a joke. My name's Steve Rogers, and I'm Captain America. The one and only."
From the moment he'd woken up in this frame, he'd felt like he was handling a tool made with a single purpose in mind. This was a military frame, one meant to excel in combat. It even looked intimidating, with the rough-hewn features adding to the imposing build.
In the morning, as soon as he's finished emptying the hotel's breakfast buffet, Steve returns to the hospital. He's not sure what, exactly, he's going to say to Tony, if Tony is conscious and well enough to talk, but that doesn't even feel particularly important. More than anything, he just wants to see with his own eyes that Tony's recovering—the memory of finding him lifeless on the hillside still haunts him.
This was nothing like that first chaste peck, but more like many of the passionate kisses they'd shared last time, just like Steve remembered them: the heat of Tony's lips against his own, the tickle of Tony's beard and moustache against his clean-shaven skin. The warmth of the embrace drove away every lingering trace of the chill that he'd felt outside. Steve clung to Tony, hugging him close. He licked his tongue over Tony's upper lip, and Tony opened his mouth more, letting Steve's tongue in to meet his. It was even warmer than his lips.
"If there's anything at all I can do to help, I will, ma'am," Steve promised. He wanted to ask her if she knew what was going on, but couldn't come up with a tactful way to do that—for all he knew, it might be her home that was on fire.
"I'm going to have to ask," Steve began, in his most official and controlled voice, "do you think there's any chance that Tony might somehow be causing the fires?"
"I had many bad days when I just wanted it to end, but I never stopped thinking about ways to fix it. I'd already survived so many things. There had to be something I could try, I thought. I read what medical literature I got my hands on, and finally, came up with the idea that since my heart was failing to pump as it should, maybe I could build a device to do that job instead. I wouldn't have gotten anywhere without Jarvis and Jim. At first, they were skeptical, and probably humored me only because it gave me something to do, but slowly, they came to see that it might actually be plausible. Together, we built a prototype.
"Oh, sure. That won't change anything, but if you'd like to hold his virtual hand as his body dies, I can do that," Ultron replied.
His last coherent thought before falling into restless nightmares was that it might've been better if Rumlow had just wiped him.
Wait, again. Steve hated it, but there wasn't much else to do. Clint promised to check in an hour later and see where they stood, leaving Steve and the others to it: waiting and trying to think of what options they might have.
He turned around to face the others. "Definitely barred from the inside," he told them. "Did you question the guards?"
He packs up his camp. Fiddling with the sticks and the parachute fabric that make up his shelter is an illustration of his predicament: the cold is already affecting his fine motor functions, and he keeps fumbling and dropping things.
He'd sleep better on a softer surface, even if it's out in the open. He considers looking for an alternative location. In some strange way, it'd feel like giving up.
Tony knelt in front of Steve, putting one hand on his hip. The other went to his cock, his fingers running gently along the length of it, from the base to the tip that was shaped as if it'd been cut, though this frame had never met a surgeon's scalpel. He then took hold of the shaft, lifting it as if to test the weight of it. The way he was touching Steve felt simultaneously reverent and almost clinical, more about exploring than exciting Steve. An engineer admiring a well-designed machine. Somehow, that didn't make it less hot, but even more so, with the way Tony's full, undivided attention was on Steve.
"Huh. There's another surprise," Bruce said. "I thought yours would've been among the first StarkAmor entries, that thing even has your name on it. I bet a number of people sent in samples just because they hoped to match with you."
A few more turns and they were facing the imposing metal door of the Vault, befitting of its name. Bucky had never visited the place, but he'd heard rumors that it contained some of the most valuable possessions of the Resistance. Rumlow turned the large wheel set in the door to open it while Bucky kept a hand on the chain of Stark's shackles, just in case.
Steve tried to do as Pepper suggested and hold on to hope, as difficult as it was. That night, he went back to the inn, as Tony had asked, wearing his civilian clothes. The receptionist-bartender was someone different that night, a young lady who seemed to share some of the previous one's looks and all of his bored disposition. Steve figured she might be his daughter. He asked her if she'd seen anyone matching Tony's description, but she hadn't.
He could afford a much better location, these days. The salary of a top Agent, with the hazard and swap bonuses, was more than he'd ever dreamed of, growing up near the street levels. That was exactly why he didn't want to move. It was another thing to keep himself grounded, so that he wouldn't forget where he came from and what everyday life was like for most people—and yet, here he was, showing off for Tony Stark, who'd probably never stepped foot on a level lower than the one Steve lived on.
An older lady in a bathrobe, with rollers in her hair, rushed towards Steve as soon as her eyes landed on him. "Captain America! I'm so glad you're here!" Before Steve realized what was happening, she'd wrapped her arms around him.
Tony stopped in his tracks. "Yeah, surprisingly, turns out knowing that I'm responsible for a murderbot that threatens to take over the world isn't a cure for insomnia." Steve couldn't make out his face in the dim light, but he could picture the expression easily enough, going by the sardonic tone.
He waits and watches, and after a minute or so, the light inside the android's chest cavity starts to fade as the beat of its machine heart comes to a stop.
Tony picked up Steve's tie from the desk and stepped closer to him to wrap it around his neck, holding both ends of it. He used it to pull Steve into a kiss that was downright desperate, like a drowning man trying to find one more breath of air. Tony's mouth felt even warmer than before, so hot that Steve thought it might leave his lips cracked and swollen, but he didn't care. He wrapped both arms around Tony and kissed him back, one last time.
He had loved Tony for a long time as well, and he had been completely blind to what was right in front of him.
Tony was the first to arrive, at eight o'clock sharp. He came on foot, alone. Still wearing his coveralls and cap, walking with his hands in his pockets, he looked like someone who might be working at the docks. He stopped around a dozen feet from where Steve was hiding, looking around. There was enough light left that Steve could make out the grim look on his face, the thin line of his lips and the frown on his brow.
"Right now? Aren't you going to eat your sandwich?" Bucky raised the bag towards Steve with his free hand.
"No, he doesn't seem to be," Natasha agreed, shifting to lean against Fury's desk in front of Steve. "He did bring you out of storage prematurely, though. That's something. He didn't need to do that, and it can't have been easy to convince Hydra to let you go."
"It's been forever since I've been this close to anyone," Tony said, his thoughts clearly moving in the same direction as Steve's.
From his own perspective, Tony must've been thinking he was doing Steve a favor, making him better. Using his money to fix what had not been broken in the first place.
The first time Steve had met Tony in the ruins, after the warehouse fire, Tony had claimed not to remember anything about how he'd gotten there. Steve had been wondering about that. It sounded like he'd been telling the truth, back then.
Together, they stepped inside. The single room of the cabin was cozier than the shabby exterior had suggested. There was a kitchenette by one wall, with a table just big enough for two nearby. On the opposite wall was a fireplace, surrounded by a rocking chair and a pair of leather armchairs. At the back, a spiral staircase climbed up to a loft, where Steve could spot a double bed. The sheepskin rug in front of the hearth, the chestnut-brown curtains on the windows, and the matching cushions on the chairs made the place look less ascetic than it otherwise might have. A few paintings depicting landscapes and animals decorated the walls. Nothing about the place reminded Steve of Tony's townhouse, and he guessed Tony hadn't furnished it himself, but it was a nice little place. He could imagine staying here and feeling at home.
It's probably a bad sign that his feet aren't hurting as much as yesterday. Something to do with diminished circulation to the extremities. Even though he knows it's not good, he's still glad for the relief that it offers. He tries to hurry ahead at the fastest pace he can manage, not quite a jog but at least a brisk walk, attempting to build up some body heat. Unfortunately, what he gains is quickly lost again. The rain soaks his clothing, and together with the wind chill, it leeches all warmth out of him.
The possible hut is definitely too far for him to reach in one day, but he's fairly sure he can do it in two. Aiming for it is the only plan he's got, so far. It easily beats wandering aimlessly on the fell, hoping for some miraculous rescue.
That clears it up; assuming the person with him was Steve, he had no desire to stick around. He must already be on his way towards whatever hole his remaining team is hiding in. No surprises there. Clearly, those vague memories of Steve suddenly opening up about how they should start building bridges were just a hypothermia-induced hallucination.
"It doesn't mean I'm leaving the team. I'll still be an Avenger," Steve added, so he wouldn't give the wrong impression. "I'd just like to have a day job, too, same as the rest of you."
"I'm going to remove this gag, and you're going to answer one question for me: how do we get that door open? If you value your life, you're going to answer it, and not try to call for help," Steve snarled at the guard. He was bluffing, of course; he'd never actually murder someone, no matter how furious he felt. He hoped he was convincing, anyway. "Nod if you understand."
Rhodey was right, of course. As much as Steve wanted to just take a cab straight to Stark Tower, punch Stane in the face and carry Tony out of there, he knew that wasn't something he could actually do. They'd need a plan. A better one than their previous operation, implemented with far less to work with. Not an easy equation to solve. And all of that was assuming Tony was still alive in the first place—but he had to be. Steve didn't want to consider the other alternative.
“As you wish, my lord,” he replied coldly and turned away, heading back down the trail they’d just come from.
Tony wondered if it was just another aspect of this new Steve, the military man, the noble. He never made an unnecessary movement, always in perfect control of himself. Or was it a result of his advantageous marriage? Was it that the low born boy Tony had once known -and loved so dearly- had since been taught how to handle cutlery by his patient, loving spouse?
"So, you learned a lesson. Yay. Could've picked up any outdoor survival guidebook for that nugget of wisdom," Tony quips.
Steve nodded and gave the others a tight-lipped smile. "Let's do this, then. Rhodey, get that door open for us, and fast."
He couldn't possibly mean it like Steve thought. Steve tried to push away the completely inappropriate thoughts as fast as they came. Iron Man had made it clear that anything past friendship was not on the table for them, and never would be.
The sunstone-powered implant inside his chest, a design based on the ancient technology and his and Jarvis's years of repulsor pump improvements, ran so smoothly that on any regular day, he didn't even notice it. He was growing increasingly aware of it now, terrified that he'd wake up and realize that the faint background thrum was missing entirely.
His lips still glued to Tony’s and his back turned towards the window, Steve flicked his middle finger at Bruce.
No wonder Steve's been so vocal about every sign of injustice around him. "They did a very good job," Tony remarks. "By the looks of it, they gave you a moral compass that's so solid, no amount of programming can push you off course."
"I checked with Pepper, and she agreed," Steve says. His face stays emotionless, but his voice is resolute.
"Ah, Natalie. Sure, you can do this just as well. I need someone to show Steve his accommodation," Tony ordered.
Ultron must have done this on purpose: let him come all the way down here just to find out that he couldn't get where he wanted to go. Steve had already gotten the impression that the AI was unpleasant, but this was downright malicious.
"What about the assassination attempts I'm trying to investigate?" Steve asked. "Do you know anything about them?"
It struck him then that maybe Steve wasn't dead, after all; maybe those beasts had caught him instead, and he was now their slave. He knew Steve would fight until his last breath to be free again, but he was just one man. Bucky wasn't sure even Captain America could win against an entire island full of monsters.
Against his better judgement, he found himself drifting off, into dreams that were far more pleasant than the dismal reality. He was on his airship, long before the island, with his friends who were his family: Jarvis, Rhodey, and Pepper. Steve was there as well, so loving and perfect that it hurt, his arms around Tony as they watched the brilliant seascape that opened beyond the windows of the observation room. Sunlight and water, stretching into the horizon. Wide open skies.
"I told her not to tell you," Tony said. "I know you, Steve. If you'd heard even half of what you've learned here, would you have been able to keep that to yourself instead of punching Obie in the face?"
Happy was still staring at his screen, occasionally poking at it with a finger, probably switching to a different feed, and Pepper still had an absent, distracted look.
"I knew it was a bad hit right away. When I passed out, Rhodey's worried shouts the last thing I heard, I thought I was gone for sure. But then," Tony took a dramatic pause. "I woke up in a cave, and with me was this mysterious Asian man…"
"Oh, no. Those other people definitely wouldn't be buying me beers," Tony said, also going for his drink. When he put the glass down, he licked his lips to clear off some foam, slowly. Too slowly for it not to be a deliberate show, so Steve didn't try to hide that he noticed it, his eyes lingering on Tony's mouth.
This was a bit worse than he'd thought it'd be, but he wasn't entirely surprised. Of course Steve wouldn't be easy to get rid of. He was the most stubborn person Tony knew. Tony would just have to be even more stubborn.
Sam was still eyeing him with some concern, but didn't push it. "There's coffee, if you want it," he said instead, raising his mug at Steve.
"Just look at that. I might not get over this. I can't believe I'm this envious of a synthetic, but wow," Tony said, one hand around the base of Steve's cock. He got up on his knees, positioning himself over it.
"Miss Potts. I trust you've got Steve close by as well," Stane said, staring at them through the screen. "And whatever other sad misfits he's managed to talk into helping him in his doomed cause." Stane nodded at Tony, while obviously, purposefully, not using his name. "I just thought I'd let you know I've got him exactly where he belongs. Better hurry with those rescue plans, eh? That frame isn't going to last very long."
That's not fair, going for that bucket of cold water after all the seducing things Steve was saying, but he's right, as he so often is. "Yeah, I guess we should," Tony agrees. "What did you do to him, anyway?"
He stretched his arms and neck while he was at it. He could still feel that the muscles were tense around his spine, but they no longer felt bruised.
On the days following his return, Tony alternates between obsessing about the armor and obsessing about the android.
"I'm sure it's not," Steve insisted. His left arm had been caught under Tony's weight, and he wormed it around him now, pulling him into a proper hug.
Tony shook his head, his lips pursed. "Only flashes. Nothing past flames and pain, for most of them. It varies a little. That first time, at the Fountain, I can't remember a thing about it. I can't even be sure Maya's telling the truth. For all I know, she might've pushed me into the water against my will."
"How is it that somehow dad always gets the last word?" Tony complained. "Here's to you, you old bastard. I'm sure you're gloating, wherever you are." He raised his glass and knocked back the last of the drink.
"Look, James, I know you have your orders, but is there any chance you could let me take a brief walk outside? This constant gloom is really starting to get to me," Stark asked, an intense look in his eyes that was at odds with his hesitant tone.
"Nah. I'm not that hungry, anyway." Tony stepped closer, rose up on his toes, and dropped a quick kiss on Steve's cheek. "Good luck with your mission, Cap. See you."
There was also the matter of his preferences. Jarvis had implied, Steve had thought, that Tony was gay, and here he was, proving just that. How could any impersonator possibly know about it, let alone be willing to live up to it?
She picked up a duffel bag that'd been lying on the floor, probably for whatever tools she needed. Steve figured he was better off not knowing what they looked like. He did as she'd asked, crossing his arms over his knees and resting his forehead against them, the back of his neck exposed.
"Miss Potts? This is Mr. Rogers," Randall introduced. "I'll leave you two to it. If you need anything, just ask the AI. I can be here in half a minute."
Unfortunately, Dr. Harris didn't know where Maya was currently staying; he hadn't even heard about the fire at her apartment before Steve mentioned it. So, out of the people who might really know what was going on, Dr. Killian was dead, and Maya, Tony and Simon were all missing.
"Can't say that I do," Steve admits, "but without me, you'd be locked up in some terrorist hideout by now. Not to mention that I've kept watch all night, making sure you don't freeze to death. So, yes, Tony. The least you could do is to thank me," Steve says, the tone of his voice about as patronizing as it's possible to get.
Steve was happy to oblige. He let go of Tony's cock altogether, and settled to lie on his back. The fleecy rug was soft and comfortable under him, contrasting with the warm weight of Tony straddling his thighs. Looking up at him, Steve saw his wildly tousled hair haloed by the firelight, framing his ecstatic face.
"They may have made it out," Pepper pointed out, soft and hopeful. "Happy, take us to the secondary rendezvous point."
There had been many elderly people among the wounded, people who were the age Steve would be now if he hadn't ended up in the ice. Some of them might've been veterans. Steve had thought one man had even looked vaguely familiar, like they might have met in his past life. He'd reached out towards Steve, his hand covered in blood from where he'd clutched the bullet wound in his side, the fear deep in his eyes.
He hadn't come here looking for a fight, and he didn't want to hurt anyone, but it was starting to look unavoidable. His opponent was between him and the door, and he had to get out. He dropped the bar stool, backed away to avoid another lash of a clawed hand, and pulled out the projectile gun.
He can feel a headache building up, probably due to the lack of sleep, lack of food, and lack of caffeine.
"There, that's better, isn't it?" Obie settles Tony to rest against the cushions, and sits back to pull out the earplugs that protected him from the paralysis.
One thing this conversation had told Steve was that Jarvis must've dealt with suspicions like this before, and was very protective of Tony. If Tony was, in fact, up to something that wouldn't stand the light of day, it was obvious Jarvis would never admit it.
"Steve—" He wants to stop Steve right there and tell him everything, the whole story of the other SR100 and the thirium reactor, like he should've done when Steve first showed up. Unfortunately, he's not up to his usual eloquence yet, and the last thing he wants is to mess up that confession because his tongue is too numb to form the right words.
"Very," Steve said, crossing his arms. "Why am I here, Tony? And why now? Why after eighty-five years? Why not twenty, or fifty?"
The only thing anyone could do was to ignore the gnawing feeling that everything could be an illusion, and to go on with life, choosing to accept it as reality until proven otherwise.
That's the last thing Tony wants. In creating this thirium reactor, he inadvertently came up with something that's extremely weaponizable, and he isn't going to let anyone else get their hands on it. That would be the opposite of what he now knows he needs to do. That'd be spitting in the face of the promise he made to Yinsen.
Steve put the shield between himself and the fire and backed away until he reached Maya's hiding place. Their passage to the street and to safety was entirely blocked by fires, so he only saw one safe option.
He remembers every biocomponent, knows its beefed-up servos and its reinforced chassis, knows how it had a dusting of blond hair on its arms and legs but not on its torso. He knows that even though it had nipples, it had no genitals under its clothes.
Patience had never been one of Tony's virtues—not that he'd had many, anyway—and Rhodey's call had made him curious enough that he wasn't going to wait. He sat down at his desk and opened his inbox, filtering it to things Rhodey had sent to him. The message on top of the list had 'I won't say I told you so' as the subject line. The message itself was empty aside from an attached document: a scientific article. Not just any article, though. It was a very high-profile one, published in Nature, and it was about soulmates.
Steve's LED burns a solid, angry red; Tony's never seen it do that before. His hands are clenched in fists, his jaw working. The look on his face reflects how Tony feels, with unmistakable rage in his eyes, even though that makes no sense. Steve's not supposed to get angry. He's not supposed to have feelings at all. It's goddamn scary seeing him like this, enough so that for a moment, it makes Tony forget about his own outrage. Thoughts of robot uprisings and rebellions flash through his mind. Maybe there are good reasons why Steve was stored away. Maybe he's dangerous in ways Tony didn't consider.
With his own enemies out of the way, Steve could get a better look at the rest of the scene. The sight of it made him stop dead in his tracks.
Once Steve has left, Obie steps closer to Tony, lowering his voice conspiratorially. "If you're changing your stance on androids, this isn't the way to go, Tony. Why settle for a CyberLife product? Imagine what we could do if we designed our own line. I'm sure you could modify that power source enough to get around any intellectual property hiccups."
"Good, good. Jarvis has fairly advanced diagnostic capabilities for a junk-shop AI. I'll have him run a full neuro workup later. Just to be sure," Tony offered.
As they ate, the others started filling Steve in on what they'd done so far and what their current plan was. It turned out to be far more complicated than Steve had expected—he hadn't really appreciated all the details that they'd have to take into account.
"Talk about closing the circle," Steve said, keeping his trained outward appearance of calm, although his stomach was full of butterflies.
That light touch was enough to bring up butterflies in Steve's stomach. He imagined he could feel the warmth of Tony's skin through the fabric, though that was probably all in his head. He probably should've moved away, but on the other hand, he was really making progress here. He was connecting with Tony. If he backed off now, it would be all over, and he'd have to think of some other way to reach him.
"God, Steve. Don't thank me for doing the bare minimum and not being an asshole for once in my life," Tony groans, trying to pull back his hand. "This doesn't change what I've already done."
"I'm done with your games, and I know Tony doesn't have time for them. I'm here to offer you a deal. My life for his." Steve didn't need to act to sound anguished; he simply let all his despair about the overall situation filter into his voice.
"Okay," Bucky said. If he was going to trust Stark from here on out, he'd also have to believe him in this. He'd do it, no matter how scary it was. "I've got the keys to that cell, but I know she's not the only dinosaur here. How can the two of us free all of them?"
He managed to spit at Tony again, though he no longer had the strength to raise his head from the pillow and aim for Tony's face. The blood flecked Tony's white dress shirt instead. He shook his head and brought the knife to Steve's face.
Steve blew out a breath. "Impossible to remove, tricky to disable." It was common practice for temporary rental fakes, and he'd expected something like that, but it didn't make it any less dispiriting. "How did you block it?"
In the end, the closest anyone came to that was the researcher who handed him the small, cooled transport container, gave him a curious look, and reminded him that the construct hadn't been tested on anything more complex than a cell culture. He told her he was well aware of that.
He entered yet another elevator and asked for the street floor again, only to get a cheerful reply from Ultron: "Oops, I should've probably told you earlier. You don't have access to levels below the 50th. Sorry about that."
"You alright?" James asked, hovering close by, like he couldn't decide whether he should push Tony to keep going or place a hand on his back to support him.
So far, neither of them had felt anything out of the usual, so the odds were good the substance wasn’t dangerous, but Bruce was right: it was too early to be sure. As for deciding when that would be, they’d have to trust Bruce’s judgment. The regular quarantine protocols were categorized according to the class of hazardous substance in question, and this particular one didn’t fit any category. They weren’t even sure if it was from Earth or not. For all they knew, that B-movie monster might’ve fallen out of another dimension.
While the aftershocks were still coursing through Steve's body, he saw Tony bring himself to a second orgasm. Tony slumped to the floor, letting go of Steve altogether, the back of his head resting against Steve's thigh, coming messily all over himself.
Tony's expression grew steely again. "I've got a plan for it, yes. It involves Jarvis and a virus. I'm pretty sure we can do it. I kind of wanted to do one more recon run, which would've been the shootout at the 201, but, well, that went as it did."
James looked surprised to see Tony approaching him. He straightened his posture where he stood guard in front of the door. "Something amiss, Stark?"
"And just so we're clear, we're not actually planning on wiping him," Tony added. "There are depths I'd never sink to."
"One of my favorites," Steve agreed. "And it's okay to admit that the thought makes you uncomfortable. Just so you know, if you ever want to try it out, I'd be willing to help."
Steve lowered his hands, but didn't put the guns away yet. "I take it that Tony doesn't know you're a police officer?"
If Tony didn't know better, he'd suspect Steve's leaving something out, but surely, an android shouldn't be able to lie to his designated owner. Then again, Tony wouldn't put it past Kamski to include additional programming just to complicate Tony's life. Speaking of which: "Did Kamski at least tell you why he's giving you to me?"
Clint Barton nodded at him in greeting. He was sitting on a bike, hovering a few meters above ground, blaster in hand. "I think that's far enough, Rogers," he said.
Steve caught Fury and Natasha exchanging a glance before Fury replied. "We're not sure, but it seems very likely that SHIELD has him."
After a few uneventful days of seeing nothing more exciting than several species of primitive mammals, Steve's wariness of confrontations with the locals started to fade—but with every day that passed, his concern for Tony only grew worse.
Even if his first instinct would've been to rush to help Tony, he knew the Kingpin wanted Tony alive. Maya, on the other hand, had a weight on her ankle pulling her down, and was going to drown unless someone helped her. Even if she had been collaborating with the mob and lying to everyone over and over again, she didn't deserve that.
When they pulled apart, Steve sat up straight, one hand still clasping Tony's. "If you feel up to it, I think we should go now. Toro's waiting for us."
Most respectable citizens of Dinotopia weren't overly fond of the vast, jungly expanse of the Rainy Basin. Outside of the few commonly used trails, it was difficult terrain. The air was hot and humid, much of the insect life poisonous. Then there were the predators who roamed the region: the huge tyrannosaurs, allosaurs and giganotosaurs, and the smaller but shrewder dromaeosaurs, who, unlike their cousins in the cities, had chosen to maintain their original carnivorous lifestyle. None of them were supposed to prey on humans or dinosaurs, just the less intelligent creatures of the forests and rivers, but they didn't always abide by the rules.
Steve couldn't be around for the actual procedure, of course. Worse still, it was so uncommon that there was only a single hospital in all of New York City with the required facilities, and only a handful of specialists capable of performing it, meaning they had to trust people who didn't come with Fury's recommendations. They ran background checks, of course, and the doctor in charge, Helen Cho, seemed both highly qualified and entirely dedicated to her job. As Natasha put it, not someone with the kind of profile easily bought off by Hydra.
Tony squints at the slightly fuzzy image on the cracked lens. The view looks similar in all directions, but he thinks there might be a structure of some kind by the largest lake he can discern in the distance. It's too rectangular to be a natural feature; it might be a house or a hut of some kind. It's difficult to estimate the distance to it, and he's got none of the advanced functionalities that the OS in his glasses usually offers. It took all his skills and genius, not to mention a lot of fiddling, with only a simple knife for a tool, to extract the remaining intact components. The best he could accomplish was the current setup, with a camera and a transmitter on the kite, and the paired display on the lens.
"Right. You've spent a long day on that bike. Come on." Tony waved a hand towards the small porch of the cabin, where a simple bench with some well-worn cushions had been set against the wall.
"Seriously, Tony?" Bruce said, even more incredulous. "That's what you're going with? You're the last person I'd expect that kind of genetic determinism from. You think matched relationships are automatically more meaningful than non-matched ones, then?" Bruce eyed Tony over the rims of his glasses so that for a moment, he resembled a stereotypical shrink, as much as he actually wasn't one.
"Excellent," Peggy said, and tapped the jamming device to switch it off. "I will see you tomorrow then, Captain. Good luck with your mission."
Tony shrank back, almost as if he expected Steve to hit him. "That was probably emotionally manipulative of me, wasn't it? I mean, I deserved some of what I got. I made mistakes, and the whole world is worse for it. I'm just trying to clean up my own mess. I'm not going to lie, I was hoping you'd want to help me, but that's selfish," he said, looking up at Steve. "None of this is your problem. You don't owe me anything."
He buried his face in his hands. There was something oddly familiar about the feel of it, the clean-shaven chin, the cheekbones, the nose.
"Oh, a challenge! I accept!" Tony exclaimed. He took the head of Steve's cock in his mouth to suck on it hard, his cheeks hollowing out.
"I could say the same about you. I thought I'd lost you!" Steve returned. He guessed it would be a long story how Bucky had survived and how he'd ended up in Crabb Castle with Tony, but that would have to wait. Steve held out his arms towards the two men. "What happened to Tony? Is he okay?"
If Tony was, indeed, not as unflappable as he let the world believe, Steve didn't think he'd ever admit it. Before he found some reason to believe otherwise, he was just going to take Tony's word at face value, and stick to the more concrete details of the case.
Even though this amounted to little more than rumors, it made so much sense, Steve didn't doubt its truthfulness. It explained why those two thugs had been at Maya's apartment. Finally, Steve could at least come up with some kind of an overarching theory: perhaps the mobsters who'd funded the expedition were angry at Maya and Tony because it had failed, and were trying to retaliate. It didn't quite sit right, though. Steve couldn't see why a criminal organization would want to support an archaeological expedition in the first place, and more importantly, if that was the whole explanation, what was going on with the fires? As a means of punishment, recruiting some mysterious burning man to hunt down the offenders seemed inefficient and pointlessly showy.
“I do know what I’m doing, and it won’t take long. Come on.” Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder and nodded to the side. “Unless you’d rather go back to lying on your back, midfloor?”
Feeling so perplexed that he lost the mood for a moment, Steve held on to Tony's foot and put his cheek against Tony's leg, nuzzling it, to buy himself more time to think.
"If this is some kind of ploy and the Kingpin sent you to get me, you'd better tell me right away, because if you don't, it will end badly," Tony snarled at Steve. His eyes were cold as ice, but his hand was starting to grow scalding hot on Steve's neck.
That doesn't seem to reassure her in the slightest. Instead, she seems to grow even paler, but at least her posture relaxes and she approaches him in wary steps, gaze flicking from his face to his chest.
Pepper pursed her lips. "Actually, you might need a little more background for this to make sense. You already know what we want to achieve in the end, right?"
Steve gasped, and may have let out an undignified whimper that no one would ever have believed Captain America could make.
Steve should seek out the fisherman, ask for his phone and roam the hills until he finds a place where he can get a connection, but he doesn't feel ready. Telling someone else what has happened would somehow make it more concrete. He settles on a mattress next to Tony, his back against a sturdy wooden support beam.
"Shh, it's okay," a soft female voice said in a thick accent Bucky couldn't place, and a gentle hand landed on his less-painful shoulder. "Go back to sleep. You need time to heal."
When he got the message that the lab had finished putting together the thing—the Exvec construct, they were calling it—he suited up to fly over and get it himself. He half expected Rhodey to appear in full armor to stop him, even though he knew Rhodey's physiotherapist hadn't approved him to take it up yet. Instead, the short jaunt to the shiny new facilities in Boston went without incident. He parked his armor on the rooftop.
"I suppose you've also got an opinion on this, Jarvis?" Tony spoke up once the others were gone, glancing towards the ceiling.
That realization, and the picture of Tony's head between his thighs, together with the growing intensity of the tongue and lips against his cock, did him in.
Steve got up slowly and walked to the shore, feeling hollow. The sunset had turned to a proper spectacle, reds, oranges and yellows reflected from the water in a display that called to mind the fires. It only made the lump at his throat feel bigger.
Happy offered him a bottle of water, and he accepted it with a muttered thanks. Pepper was eyeing him with the usual concern, but didn't say anything, probably out of courtesy.
"You're late," Rhodey told him, not looking at him but going straight for the paper. He grimaced when he saw the title. "Oh. Soulmates. I thought this was going to be something relevant to my interests."
Everything was simultaneously hazy and hyperreal; the other people in the room faded into insignificant background noise, but he could count each one of Steve's long curly eyelashes and hear each angry huff of Steve's breathing, almost perfectly in time with his own. He couldn't decide whether he wanted to punch Steve or pull him into a kiss. It was disturbing and intoxicating and something he desperately craved but knew he should run away from.
"For people who aren't skybax riders, that would be catching a sky galley from one of the summit villages in the mountains, but they don't run towards the north on a regular schedule," Sam replied thoughtfully.
Tony had been so furious, Steve hadn't even been able to apologize to him properly. He was right to be angry, too. What Steve had done had been disgusting. He couldn't deny he'd been spying on Tony, but it had been more than that. He needed to apologize, but he also wanted to make Tony understand how much he'd wanted it and how much he'd enjoyed it, because otherwise, if he just left, Tony would think that nothing about the night they'd spent together had been real, and that couldn't have been further from the truth. It had been one of the best nights of Steve's life.
With some particular facial expressions, Tony's frame reminded him uncomfortably of Stane, but Tony looked clearly older, closer to his fifties than his forties, flecks of gray in his hair and beard. It suited him better than the young clone, Steve had to admit; it was as if a trace of his troubled past remained in the wrinkles around his eyes. He wasn't sure if those details were on purpose, or simply a natural consequence of aging the clone. To contrast the distinguished looks, the shirt he wore under his asymmetrically-cut suit jacket had a shifting electric blue hologram image on its front, something that vaguely reminded Steve of a blaster bolt—probably a band logo. A modernized, upgraded version of his earlier style.
"I tried to distract Mallen and keep him from leaving the cavern, even though I had no idea if you'd drowned in that pool or what it would do to you if you hadn't. You climbed out of it just minutes later, and you were, well, you know how you are. Different," Maya finished. "I didn't stay for the final showdown between the two of you. I wouldn't have survived that. The temple collapsed, and I thought you'd both died, but clearly, you didn't."
He looked around at the piles of rubble that had been walls and ceiling mere hours ago. There could still be a mundane explanation to this. Maybe it would turn out that the warehouse hadn't been empty, after all, but a secret, illegal storage for something highly flammable. Looking at it, though, he didn't see any hints of anything like that. No remains of containers of any kind.
"It's better than the alternative. If you ever end up at their mercy again, you won't be coming back," Tony said, hugging Steve closer. "Not now that you've reminded them just how much of a threat you can be."
"Rogers? What the hell are you doing here?" Tony growls, shrugging off the gauzy fabric he's cocooned in and pushing himself up to a seated position on the grass he's been resting on.
The water was ice-cold, and the visibility close to zero. Steve found himself navigating mostly by sound; he could hear the desperate noises Maya was making. Groping blindly, he soon managed to grab her by the shoulder. She didn't understand what was happening, and tried to punch him, but there was very little strength behind it. Steve used her clothes to pull himself deeper so he could get hold of the shackle around her ankle. He grabbed it with both hands and wrenched. It wasn't particularly sturdy, and broke easily. Maya nearly kicked him in the face when her foot suddenly came free and she started swimming upwards.
"Can I see him?" Steve asked. It came out sounding like he was asking a father's permission to take his son out on a date. Of course, that wasn't entirely inaccurate.
"The pleasure's all mine, Steve, believe me. It's not every day you get to meet a celebrity from the past," Hammer said, already moving towards Pepper. "And Miss Potts. Enchanté, as always." He reached for Pepper's hand as if he was planning on kissing it, then saw the glare Pepper was giving him and shook it lightly instead. "Sad to see Miss Rushman couldn't join us this time."
"Anyway," Rhodey said, "My point still stands: this is one study, with a limited number of participants. It's not enough to say anything for sure."
In spite of his resolve to stay calm, Steve can't help grinding his teeth. It's as if the days he's spent thinking about Tony, but not actually talking to him have made him forget why it was so difficult to get along with him in the first place. But Steve has sworn to himself that he wants things to change. He's not going to get pulled into another argument. He's going to try his damnedest to make Tony understand what he realized out there.
In the workshop, they ended up facing a welcoming committee gathered around Tony's desk. Just as Jarvis had told them, there were three people present: Rhodey, Pepper, and a man in a heavily built organic frame who must be Mr. Hogan. Steve realized he'd seen the face before, in Ultron's files, back when he'd started looking into who'd murdered Tony, or rather, Stane. This was Happy Hogan, the ex-chief of security who'd been on Stane's shortlist of potential suspects. Apparently, he had belonged there, too.
Maybe he'd finally get over it himself, too, with this realization that he might've been wrong from the start, and that they might not a proper match, after all.
"You shouldn't thank me for that," Bucky told him, forcing himself to look Steve in the eye, even though he wanted to disappear under one of the rocks around them. "It's my fault Tony was there in the first place."
"Do you even have to ask?" replied Alban, a raven-haired youngster who couldn't be older than fifteen. "You've seen what they look like!"
He sat up. It sent the room spinning. He leaned against the couch back and closed his eyes again, focusing on his breathing. He really could've done without this right now. He had things to take care of. Of course, he had no one to blame but himself.
Steve's hand is still on Tony's chest. He knows Steve can read his vitals without that, so the only reason for Steve to touch him is because he chooses to, and wants to—even though Steve has held the reactor with his own hands, which means he must've picked up on the serial number on the regulator. Is it possible that he's still not figured it all out yet?
As much as he dreads losing Tony, he's also afraid of the conversation that they'll need to have if Tony survives. It would be easier to avoid it altogether, but he can't. Not anymore. If there's anything he's learned over the past few days, it's that they really need to talk things through before it's too late.
Panic washing over him, Bucky pushed Stark's chin up with his metal hand and patted his cheek sharply with the good one. "Come on, Tony. I need you to wake up," he coaxed. "Please."
"Not really." Steve by far preferred the fascination of Iron Man's bare hands over those terrible memories he'd been struggling with. He tried to keep them in the background, focusing instead on the weight of those fingers, letting it anchor him in the present.
"Whether you realized it or not, you were," Fury insisted. "I don't know what plans Hydra had for you after your sentence was up, but I'm sure Stark getting you out was a far better alternative."
"So, it didn't occur to you to, I don't know, just let me know about said intel? Warn me so that I'd be prepared?" Tony scoffs. "You just had to show up in person, to brag about what a great job you're doing and ask for a pat on the back?"
It felt nice, very nice, but Steve needed more. He pushed his hips up. "Go on, go on," he urged. "As hard as you feel like."
Tony let out a little gasp, but then captured Steve's hand in his to draw it away, looking ever so slightly regretful. "Nope. This isn't about me." He raised his other hand as well, holding Steve's between both of his. He switched into a more clinical touch again, his fingers closing around Steve's wrist, then feeling around the bones of his knuckles. The methodical guise lasted until he brought Steve's hand to his mouth to suck on his index and middle finger.
Everything feels pleasantly fuzzy and warm; he's resting on a soft surface, and his mind is blurry enough that he neither knows where he is, nor cares very much. This is nice. He could stay like this.
"Will do, sir," Barton promised and left the room, closing the door behind him—there were no automated doors at this station.
The rest of the team take turns telling Tony he should rest. He refuses, even though the weariness makes him look ill, his face as pale as Steve's, the dark circles under his eyes almost like bruises. Once they realize there's no way they can get Tony to abandon Steve even for the shortests of naps, they take turns bringing him food and coffee instead.
The wait during the procedure felt longest of all, but at least Steve had company. It wasn't just Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, but Natasha as well. She'd pointed out, half jokingly, that she was technically still working for Tony. Her contract was with Stark Interplanetary, not with Tony Stark personally, and the identity theft revelation hadn't affected that. Details like this would undoubtedly keep cropping up in the coming months while they sorted out the mess Stane had left behind. They'd face them as they came. Once Tony was okay.
"I'm afraid he's going to do something stupid, and you might be the only one who can talk him out of it." The way Rhodes said that, the very obvious urgency in his voice, did nothing to help Steve's concern.
If Tony died, so would Seren, eventually. He had no doubt about that. She might last a long time, since dinosaurs were much hardier than humans, but the Northerners weren't going to let her go, and Tony wasn't expecting anyone to try and rescue them. His friends would want to, particularly Steve, but the locals would say no. Besides, none of them even knew where Tony was. The North was a gray zone on maps, these days.
He needs to check his position to be sure how far he is from his destination. He could unpack the kite, but again, that'd mean sitting here longer and getting even colder. Unless he's willing to stop properly and make a fire, he has to start moving.
Steve followed close behind her, and they broke the surface together. Maya grabbed hold of one of the pillars of the pier, gasping and spluttering for breath. He saw her expression turn to confusion when she caught sight of him. She'd probably expected Tony to be the one who'd rescued her. Treading water, Steve glanced over his shoulder to where he'd last seen Tony. It was difficult to make sense of the scene there, because the water seemed to be teeming with struggling figures. Still, Tony was impossible to miss: he was glowing, with flames dancing on his skin, bright lights in the dusk.
Steve knew this might not mean anything; whatever Tony had left him, he could've done that before the final confrontation with the Kingpin. Still, he was so excited he could barely breathe, his heart hammering against his ribs.
"I did," Steve confessed. In a bout of courage, he took Tony's hand in his. "And I really meant that. It was the most extraordinary story out of all. But, you know, even if it wasn't, that would be okay. You're allowed to be an ordinary human too, just like the rest of us."
Steve should've expected that. Not like he's spotted many cell towers out here. "Right. Of course not."
"I told you, I haven't got the slightest. He left the room in flames and ran away like the coward he is," the man answered, and spat again. "I'm telling you, Stark's really pissed off the boss. He's gonna get what's coming to him, sooner or later. No matter what magic tricks he knows."
In the background, the card-playing party seemed to have noticed what was going on. They were cheering the person in the reptilian frame and shouting contrived insults like "Go back to your roof garden, high-riser" and "No matter how high you live, your elevator won't go all the way to the top," and laughing loudly at each other's attempts at wit.
," Kamski says, moving not towards his desk but a sofa table and a pair of comfortable-looking armchairs set in a corner of his spacious office. "Take a seat, and tell me what brings you here."
Even though he'd noticed the changes in the orders they were getting and the types of assignments they were given, and although he'd been aware of the unexpected personnel changes that'd been the topic of office gossip, he hadn't realized it was this bad. He'd been hoping it was just due to some politicians not quite understanding how SHIELD operated, and that the Director would eventually bring them around. It seemed he should've been paying more attention. He should've realized earlier that this could be a major problem, and spent more time trying to get to the bottom of it, just like Peggy had.
"Well, there's an obvious one based on the second murder. I'll get to that. And then there's always Happy Hogan, my ex-chief of security," Tony said, with an ugly sneer. "I'm sure he carries a grudge after I let him go, but Ultron's doing a much better job than he ever did. Honestly, I doubt Happy would know how to install a bomb without having it blow up in his face."
"So, about you getting out of here," Steve began, steering the conversation towards that one important question. "Have you thought about what frame you want yet?"
"No driving below the fiftieth, or the altitude of two hundred meters in cases of non-standard floor height. And don't bother trying to switch off autopilot. That won't change it," the AI informed him.
That doesn't make Tony feel any less distressed. More like the opposite. Just how much can the android actually pick up? Based on the build of his counterpart in the cave, he has enhanced senses compared to most other CyberLife models, which are already better than any human's. Will he spot the energy signature of the thirium reactor? Of course, Kamski might've told him about it already, and about what Tony did to get it—
"I haven't, but my brother was, before he died in a skirmish. Those monsters killed him," she said, her voice wavering. "They're exactly as evil as you've heard, and worse."
Tony stood up, a disgruntled look on his face. "Fine! I'll deal with it! You," he barked, turning his eyes towards Steve. "I'm not finished with you, not even close. I'll be back before you know it."
"Of course not. Most of them are loyal to SHIELD, or just don't care," Fury said. "We're only a few, but widely spread."
"You can't possibly remember that—you were practically in a coma!" Steve exclaims, taken aback. Not that he said anything that he didn't mean, but he was more candid, and far more sentimental, than he'd ever be in a regular conversation.
Steve will make do. Hopefully, so will Tony. Besides, even if he struggles, that shouldn't be Steve's problem. Tony didn't want help, Steve reminds himself. He's just getting what he asked for.
"Hi, Cap. I've been having these feelings about you. It's really weird. I'm guessing you don't have them. Can I get some of your DNA to do some science and maybe figure it out?"
"You too, huh?" Steve had to admit he hadn't stopped to think about how strange this must be for Tony.
He faded out for a while after that. He didn't really pass out, but he wasn't fully conscious either. He still heard voices talking, felt hands guiding him to lie down, the seat beneath him and the movements of the car, but it was all distant and hazy, everything he'd been through finally overwhelming both mind and frame.
Tony got no warning for the gunshot; just the loud bang, all too close, and right after, a pain that slammed into his right knee, making his leg buckle under his weight. But as he fell, he saw Fedora drop his gun, flames flickering along his arm, and then one of the crates close to him erupted into fire, and suddenly, everything was ablaze.
He wasn't going to meet Tony as Steve Rogers. He needed to close this case, and he needed to do it properly. He would go as Captain America. Whether he would tell Tony that those two were one and the same, he wasn't sure. In a way, he thought Tony deserved to know. Then again, in a selfish corner of his mind, he thought that if he didn't, maybe Steve could meet Tony again. If Tony found out about his deceit, he certainly wouldn't want anything further to do with Steve.
Tony brushed his fingers over Steve's buzz-cut sandy brown hair. "I can't believe this one's not organic, even though I've seen the specs with my own eyes. It feels very real. Is it the same from your perspective, or can you tell the difference?" His hand found its way to Steve's chin, which was covered in light stubble, and he stood up on tiptoes for a quick kiss.
Jarvis was gone, now, anyway. Jarvis, who'd had no physical body that could fail and should've easily outlived Tony. The Vision was something else, something that Tony didn't fully understand. Friday, well, she was as good as any AI he'd ever coded and he liked her and was proud of her, but she wasn't Jarvis, and never would be.
That, he hadn't been expecting, but he was excited to hear it. So far, he hadn't seen much of the island beyond the town walls and the nearby training grounds. He was definitely ready to visit other parts of it, and if that came with the chance to do some good, all the better. "Yes. I'm ready. I can fight either men or monsters, as needed," he assured her.
He ran a hand over his face, feeling like an idiot. Almost like he he'd betrayed Tony. He'd considered the option that Tony wasn't really Tony early on, when Pepper had tried to drop him hints about it, and then dismissed it as too unlikely. He'd kept dismissing it, letting Fury and Natasha convince him to return to Stark Tower in spite of all his misgivings, until it'd almost been too late. If not for Pepper and Rhodey, he'd probably still be—he'd be in the bedroom with—
Tony shrugged. "I told you, I can't be sure about that. I didn't, when I was still able to think. What goes through my head when it's happening, that's anyone's guess."
The things Tony liked tended to be fast, sleek and expensive. His lab, hidden away on one of the lower floors, made this clear to anyone who stepped inside: it was full of half-built machinery with shimmering chrome and gold surfaces, most of which Steve wouldn't have been able to name. Officially, Tony was responsible for maintaining the hardware for the data network in the building, including the delicate technology involved in mind transfers, but it only took him half a day to deal with those duties. The rest of his time was spent on his projects. Sometimes, he even ended up creating useful tech for the Agents, but that was more of a happy coincidence than the intended goal. The reason he worked at SHIELD in the first place was his father, who had insisted he needed to do some real work, to learn how to "at least pass for an adult," according to Tony's sarcastic quoting.
His best hope of escaping, and indeed of just surviving, still rested on James. If he could get outside soon, he would stand a chance. He'd be fine and back on track with his plan.
Tony tensed at the touch, his head snapping up. "No. Don't. Just leave me alone, Obie. You have nothing to gain. I have nothing left to tell you."
He was lying down, facing upwards, and he looked paler than ever, a cut over his cheek and the bridge of his nose standing out bright red against the ashen skin and the white hair. His eyes were closed, the lines on his face deep with obvious distress, and the reason for that was all too clear. There were VR electrodes attached to his scalp.
Steve lingered at the tail of the retreating procession, making sure that everyone else got away, fighting off the Northerners who tried to follow. Luckily, there weren't many. Steve and the others had incapacitated a good few, and in the current confusion, some seemed to have decided to pull back. The explosion in the castle probably seemed like a more pressing concern to them than escaping prisoners or a small group of would-be intruders who'd never even made it inside the town walls.
Leaning heavily on a wall, he clambered up from the floor and crossed his cell to the bars. "Hey, you there!" he shouted after the already departing guard. "I need to talk to your Mayor."
"Would you like me to take your mind off it, instead?" There was a new note to Iron Man's voice as he asked that, something Steve didn't think he'd ever heard before. Hopeful, but tense.
