The way back was tense, near volatile, and somehow, scared? Sherlock was an absolute mix of such conflicting emotions that John truly couldn't say anything. And while John wanted to ask, since he was a huge believer in not beating around the bush or saying one thing and meaning another, he also did not want to have this discussion with Harcourt playing witness to what John could tell was going to probably be an amazing row. By the time they got to Baker street John was praying for Mrs. Hudson and all of the neighbors to not be at home.
His phone chimed with a text.
"Right. Okay I'm going to let this slide because Sherlock isn't hurt and I know he bruises like the dickens. But still John, I need to warn you, just as your mate Greg alright? You need to be careful. Rough sex toes a bad line with the uppity ups. Technically the law says anything which leaves a mark beyond 'transient or trifling' is illegal, and you can't consent to it. It counts as assault and you work around a whole lot of cops. Most wouldn't do anything unless Sherlock complained about something, or he ended up in hospital, but a few would, and that's not something I ever want to put you through. So be careful with him alright?"
Meat and Veg- Roasted and seasoned spaghetti squash 'noodles' with either pork chops, lamb chops, baked sole, or chicken breast, served with choice of vegetable, potato, and a cup of soup or salad.
They were air lifted to a remote storage area out in the middle of nowhere, there hadn't even been any visible roads nearby. The huge shipping containers were piled up to four high, four long, and eight across. The blocks were intersected here and there with single rows of other containers instead of just all being stacked in rows. As if a giant had made a block city out of storage containers. After they landed in an open space designed to hide them from any outside observers, John realized it wasn't storage at all, it was a facility in disguise. The doors of the containers opened up on several levels, all facing in towards the helicopter, filled with armed special forces that were all aiming at them. The facility he could see through the doors was completely modern and VERY high-tech. Mycroft didn't even hesitate to get out with John right behind him, and walk straight towards one of the opened doors. The men all stood down at once and except for the ones at the door they were heading to, they all disappeared back into the structure and the doors closed once more. John was reminded of trapdoor spiders.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest when the door creaked open. Sarah and Kitty entered the room, their hands empty.
Humans possessed much more blood than magpies, and John’s nose filled with the stench of it. He stared at the bodies in front of him, the bodies he’d put there. He needed his arrows back, but there was no way he’d be able to…
“Get out here!”
"About that," Sherlock began, his cheeks red, "I thought I might need some help."
“No, you didn’t,” Irene sighed. “You’re always a clumsy arsehole.”
There came the sound of shuffling and muffled laughter, and Irene tensed.
Also feel free to correct me if I've been inconsistent or just plain fucked up some grammar.
Dull. Dull. Dull.
As the knight continued his trek through the snow, one bird threw its head back and let out a great staccato call. John paused and eyed it warily, pursing his lips in distaste. He wondered if he would be granted the chance for fresh meat again so soon.
The prince stared into an unblinking grey eye the size of a dinner plate. The black scales (Scales?) beneath his fingers were cold and sharp to the touch. The beast huffed, and Sherlock yelped again as its hot breath hit his stomach. He looked down and realized that the creature had caught him on its large muzzle.
John had nearly jumped out of his skin when he woke to see Sherlock’s face barely an inch from his own. The prince had smiled devilishly and pressed their mouths together, greeting John with a sweet, lengthy kiss. His fingers, which started out on John’s shoulder, migrated to his neck and carded through his hair. John, who still wasn’t entirely sure if he was allowed to touch the prince, kept his hands in very modest places (like on Sherlock’s neck or maybe tracing a sharp cheekbone with his thumb).
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed.
She smiled to herself as skirmishes broke out all over town, Northumbers and Londoners against Moriarty’s knights. Noise erupted over the city, and Irene took the opportunity to sink her dagger into the neck of a man clad in black armor. As she wrenched her dagger from his flesh, blood spurted from the wound, and she grabbed his broadsword before running off. She stole away, trailing behind Mary as the blonde strolled down a sidestreet, far from the heart of the fight. The clattering of hooves could be heard in the distance, and Irene knew why Mary had chosen this street.
Leave a comment or give kudos if you liked it, hated it, or have any suggestions. Feedback fuels me :)
“Treat them as you treat me,” Soo Lin said.
“You don’t even
“What forces?” Shan demanded.
“No! Get out! And remember that if there’s nothing here for you now, there won’t be anything here for you when you get back,” Harry seethed. She stood on her toes, reaching for a bottle perched on top of the cabinets. “Not even me. Hell,
John couldn’t stop a grin from spreading across his face. Sherlock’s eyes softened for just a moment - or maybe the knight was just imagining it.
croft,” Sherlock shot back. “And I don’t need your help, Geoffery.”
“Shouldn’t you be able to tell? You’re the great Prince Sherlock Holmes.”
“John, I have it on good authority that you could also use a bath.”
John grinned, ignoring the block in his stomach. “Starving.”
“That’s all right. You don’t have to tell me. It’s not as if we’re friends or anything.”
Rosalie replied. “We have an extra cot. I’ll take it-”
The last thing Sherlock needed was for John to see him half-dressed and frantically trying to pull up his jeans, hopping around like a fool in the two feet of space his little bedroom granted him, but, sadly, that’s just what he got.
Sherlock had been in the tower for seventeen days when he decided that he’d rather end it swiftly than starve or freeze to death alone in the middle of nowhere.
“Piss off,” whispered Sherlock, moving from her side to the sofa, where he threw himself haphazardly, holding the ice resolutely to the back of his head. One could only hope that the pain would subside soon, numbed by the cold at the base of his skull.
Mycroft huffed, his breath clearly visible in the winter air. Just for a moment, Sherlock allowed himself a faint smile.
Sherlock replied. “I don’t
hadn’t told John to-”
The bird perched on the windowsill, preparing to take off. It flapped its wings once, still adjusting to its lameness.
“Your Highness,” he said, “we come to request support against King Moriarty. With the prince’s awakening, we wish to reclaim London from him and restore it to the Holmes family.”
The fourth - and by far the worst - thing to happen in that cursed second was John’s sudden realization that he was falling head over heels in love with Sherlock Holmes.
“Who was that, and why was he in my flat?” Irene demanded.
“You killed him!” Sherlock shouted, tears flowing freely. “He was nine, and you killed him!” The prince sunk his sword through Moriarty’s stomach. Blood puddled beneath the man’s body and bubbled up out of his mouth. Dark eyes blinked owlishly. Red lips and teeth smiled manically as Sherlock sobbed. “It should have been me!” Finally, Moriarty was still, his eyes blank and staring into the space past Sherlock’s shoulder. “You should have killed
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know what you mean. We knew Mary was... off. I knew Irene wouldn't stay with her for long. None of what happened yesterday was really a surprise, John."
the concept of stealing, John. And I’ll have you know, while Mummy and Father may have indulged Sherrinford, Mycroft and I rarely received the same treatment.” A door slammed open behind them. John’s muscles tensed, and he grabbed Sherlock’s arm in a vice-like grip. His eyes strained in the darkness to discover the cause of the offending noise. The prince only kept talking. “So I lived luxuriously as a prince. It’s hardly my fault. I can’t control how the metaphorical die was cast.”
“You’re the first partner to complain,” Moriarty quipped, his grin manic. “Do you really think I was trying to kill you? That bit with the window? Oh, dear. Oh dear oh dear oh dear. You’re not as clever as I thought.”
Sherlock shifted, and his eye caught on the empty bed on the other side of the room. His heart grew heavy at the sight, and he frowned deeply. John wouldn't be happy either, but for different reasons.
Sherlock sighed. “In the forest, I know Mycroft’s nearby. He can’t stay out of sight in farmland.”
Both John and Sherlock turned to meet the king as he entered the room, followed by three women. The first, obviously the Queen, wore rubies and diamonds in her short, dark hair; her lips were painted red like blood, and her eyes the color of the many golden rings adorning her thin, elegant fingers. The other two women were in their seventies, but no less regal for the fact; it was obvious that they had been beautiful in their youth. They clung to each other as they walked, arm-in-arm and giggling quietly. The King himself was younger than his wife but dressed even more elaborately than she. He wore gem-encrusted leather boots, gold-trim breeches, and swaths of fine silk draped over his pristine white tunic. He wore gold on his fingers, around his neck, and even in his ears.
Sherlock’s icy expression melted into something soft, and a small smile tugged at his lips.
So, yes, John rather liked Irene and Sherlock’s flat. He liked it because it was obviously theirs. He liked it because Sherlock seemed so much more relaxed here, joking with Irene, than any other time John had seen him.
“It’s neither here nor there, really,” Sherlock replied with a dismissive wave of his hand.
John decided that the risk of getting lost was less daunting than the risk of freezing to death, so he stuck to the forest path and lumbered on.
“And who is this?” asked the other woman, staring intently at John.
“No,” the prince replied, his face burning. “I would appreciate either some help or some dignity, so if you could make yourself useful…”
Mycroft raised his eyebrows and huffed again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You have friends,” John replied easily. “Soo Lin and Sarah? And you’ve always got me.”
“Sherlock, where are you? Please help me.”
He knew only the strange concoction of relief, joy, and sadness still as his middle son entered the room. His hands were covered in blood, his hair a mess, his body thin, his face gaunt.
“You both know I’m telling the truth about my identity,” he blurted. “There’s no other explanation, is there? John tells me no one in their right mind enters London these days, and-”
“How’d your experiment go?” John blurted.
John looked to Sherlock, unsure of how to gauge… any of whatever the hell was going on. (Did anything matter anymore, though? He’d just kissed
“He’s too clever for us to outsmart him,” Greg added. “We can’t do it alone. So you’ll forgive us if we don’t believe you. We’ve been waiting for decades.”
(See the end of the chapter for
With that, Sherlock fled the living room, slamming the bathroom door behind him.
“John.”
“Get over yourself,” he laughed. “I'm not gay-”
~*~*~
it tries to keep the images of the dead away from its human, to keep him pure of heart and mind and soul, but it can only do so much.
asks it? We’re already at war with Afghanistan.”
“No,” the prince whispered as hot tears dripped down his face.
Irene narrowed her pale eyes, her red lips pursing distastefully. She huffed and turned to stock their fridge.
“John-”
Mycroft huffed.
John pursed his own lips before taking a swig of beer.
“You’re head over tits in love, dear,” Irene replied easily. “Just accept it. It’ll make everything a lot easier.”
Have a fantastic day, and I'll be back next week.
“Northumberland and Piccadilly were at war fifteen years ago. Piccadilly, John! Did you know that?”
Sherlock slept under the bed that night, wrapped in the lone blanket available, listening attentively to the heavy breathing of the dragon outside.
John sighed and put his head in his hands.
“What are you good for, then?” he yelled. “Do you even care that I’m dying?”
Rosalie growled. She unrolled her sleeves, showing off matching sets of scars stretching over her forearms. “The beasts come at night, and anyone who’s outside is torn apart and sewn back together before morning light. All night, their screams… I haven’t been caught outside in forty-eight years. We learned how to fight them, but they always changed once we got too good at it. It was a game to him. My people -
Mycroft looked absolutely mortified. "Now Ally-"
"I don't suppose any of you could tell me if he's just in THAT much of a hurry or THAT inordinately pissed could you? ... Guess not. Chances are you probably don't even know who the hell I'm talking about. Okay, I know none of you are going to tell me your names, so I'll just call you Mike, James, Peter, Will, Tom, and Steve okay? I'm John. And if anyone has a mint or a stick of gum they are willing to share before I have to talk to a man who may or may not be in the mood to level a few nations before dinner, and definitely has the capabilities to do so, I would really appreciate it. Mike? Peter? Steve? Ah thank you James. I got into the habit back in Afghanistan, they couldn't keep our unit supplied with enough soap or bandages for me to keep our boys patched up, but there was always a case of friggin mints and gum in every shipment. But I suppose an addiction to mint is far healthier than cigarettes in the long run anyway. Here you go- really? Cheers mate."
He mostly tuned out when Mycroft started listing off his crimes and the inconvenience he'd caused, all the favors the man had done him. While they were true of course, John realized that Mycroft couldn't scare him, he'd already come to terms with it. This was one of the most dangerous men in the world, and John had pissed him off and hurt his little brother. He was most likely going to just disappear off the face of the earth, Mycroft could probably arrange it so that there was no evidence he had ever even been born or existed except in the minds of the people who remembered him.
And here's the kicker; copper plated steel nails, thirteen centimeters long, thirty-five of them total, either hammered manually or inserted with a nail gun into ball and socket joints and tendons to be used as probes for electrical torture, they all still have copper wiring wrapped around their heads. Four were hammered directly into the ball joints of the humerus on both sides of the shoulder, four through each of the femoral joints at the hip, two through his spine, one through the right popliteal fascia in the back of the knee, one through the left lateral knee, three through each foot, seven through the sacrum, and two through his scrotum, nailing his nuts between two pieces of copper sheeting to a wooden block. There is an estimated fifteen cm by two cm copper tube that was inserted in the penis like a catheter, and the flesh is melted to it with either second or third degree electrical burns. These bastards went for maximum pain and they sure as hell got it.
Mushroom risotto- tender risotto with white button and portobello mushrooms. Simple and delicious.
It was just beginning to think about becoming summer, middle of the week at the tail end of the lunch rush, and John was discussing a new seasonal menu with his head chef, when the brick slammed through the window shattering the glass over two customers and striking two more, one of Mrs. Hudson's bridge club in the shoulder, and the other was Sebastian Moran in the leg. Sherlock was up and dashing out the busted window not even half a second later. "Come on John!' sounded like a battle cry through his mind, and John was only steps behind, Lestrade already on his mobile phoning in the incident. The glass was a mere nuisance as he dashed out the door and down the street after the assailants, Sebastian only steps behind them, charging like an enraged and murderous bull. The four teens had no idea of the wrath they had unleashed and stood no chance against two royal marines and the world's most persistent detective. Two were taken down within seconds and Sherlock stayed behind to watch them until Lestrade arrived, as Moran and John went after the other two and split up when the teens did. Six blocks, two walls and a private garden later, and John Watson tackled the teen so hard into the ground the boy had the wind completely knocked out of him. There was fear in the kid's eyes when John's arm slid around his throat and his 'Captain Watson' voice came straight through, filled with threat and anger and command.
"It isn't secure-"
"Considering I am sure both of you also give flowers to the exact same girls, I doubt he would mind." and with that he handed the box over to the Lady Violet. "These are for you, I hope you like them."
Butternut squash soup- Roasted butternut squash blended with fresh cream, butter, and seasoned with saffron, cumin, and white pepper.
The funny thing is these chapters up until now were all finished last year, I've just been polishing them up from their original rough draft state off of the kink meme. And I don't care HOW short of a time it might have been between updates, I NEVER rush. The last one I spent five days making all pretty, fleshing out some parts, adding details, fixing continuity errors and writing an additional 1,200 words to the chapter as well. But the really amusing thing to me is that chapter 11 DID take me a month to write, it's the most heavily researched chapter I've done, which is why it was so much longer and more detailed than any of the others. The previous ones had mostly all been done in a week or less and got a LOT less attention from me for the polishing up stage because they were so much shorter. Amused writer is amused.
"Ah so you have been kidnapped, good. If he breaks his pattern too much it makes me worry what he's up to. Odd though, he usually doesn't give out his name. Please tell me you accepted the money and didn't turn it down out of some preconceived notion of honor or respect or whatever noble reason tried to take over your senses, it's not like you could tell him anything he could use against me anyways, and I'm sure you have bills to pay. Besides I like wringing him out of every penny he has, the bastard deserves it."
Of course they had been recording it, it was Mycroft, the worlds most thorough voyeur, there were probably multiple camera angles in full color with audio. That didn't mean anyone outside of a level ten security clearance would ever get to see it, especially fresh faced surgical students eager to learn.
"Nee."
_________________________TBC. Much sooner this time I promise._______________________
Anthony Jones age 26 from Lancaster
"Honestly no, I haven't. I bring them drinks they always gush over but I haven't told them where it is I get them. It's always so peaceful here, I guess I didn't want to have to worry about running into people from work when I wasn't there, but that's not very fair to John. Small businesses have a hard enough time staying open as it is. Maybe I can get some word of mouth going, bring a group around every week or so, team meeting or some such, Sally is always vocal about the places she likes."
"Oh no he's the mirror image of our maternal grandfather, I take after our father the most, though Father's hair was more red than auburn, Sherlock's hair shows some highlights of it when the light is just right."
Stuffed mushrooms- Mushroom button caps stuffed with marinated artichoke hearts and baked with fresh cheese.
John snickered remembering the look of outrage and affrontation on Sherlock's face at that. He grabbed his coat and headed out the door, Sherlock already at the bottom of the stairs and kissing Mrs. Hudson on the cheek as usual.
"Hello John. Honestly, I'm not on duty, you can call me Greg, and yes, it was a very good day."
John sighed and made sure he had everything he needed; keys, wallet, cash for cabs, then grabbed two clips of ammunition, loaded, checked, and put his Sig into the shoulder holster Mycroft had given him for Christmas.
“Knowing him, Crestfield Point. It's his Lair away from home. I have to admit you are taking this better than I had hoped.”
Those two...the way they fit together had been so instantaneous and strong, Mycroft admitted he was still baffled by it. He had often wondered that if there were such things as reincarnation, (though he had yet to acquire conclusive evidence either way), if perhaps he was privileged enough to be witness to one of the grand pairings, whose affection and love for each other was beyond the definition or scope of the human experience, and the power of which was so strong that even thousands of years later their bond would not be forgotten. He wondered If one day the names John Watson or Sherlock Holmes could not be uttered without calling to mind the other, and the indefinable connection that existed between them. They had often reminded him of Alexander and Hephaestion, or perhaps Achilles and Patroclus, who gladly faced danger and death side by side, and together had made the other shine even brighter and achieve even greater things. Maybe even Hadrian and Antinous, a love that through sheer force of will and against societies' strictures was so strong that if tragedy occurred it would rise up to demand that it would never be forgotten. If that were the case, he wondered which one was which, who would grieve the loss of the other to the point they couldn't rest until the other was immortalized as a god? Sherlock, or John? Somehow it was a comfort that he couldn't come up with a definite response.
He swirled his brandy in his glass before taking a sip. This one would be a tricky string to maneuver and weave through. John was a study in dichotomy, both tough and delicate, fiercely courageous yet easily injured, a person of deep feelings yet ruthless resolve, a trained healer with very few qualms about killing, a beloved victim of his brother's misguidance. Such a pity that, he liked John.
"Considering I have no idea what that might be, why are you asking me?" Lestrade responded, now also becoming curious.
And John breaks, he gives in just like he always does. He takes that hand and is pulled towards his pale eyed lover and wraps his arms around the one he hurt. It's when Sherlock's arms wrap around his waist and pull him closer that John begs the beast inside him, whatever it is, to tear into him instead, or the rest of the world, anyone else. It can maim and kill every criminal they come across without impunity or hesitation, but this, this one person, his Sherlock, don't hurt him again please, please just let him be.
"Les leg nun."
“Your poor mother.”
Three cheese fonduta: fresh Mozzarella, Parmesan, and Romano cheeses, baked to bubbling and served with sliced baguette.
"Well, yes."
Seafood salad- crab, haddock, and sole served over romaine, baby spinach, and kale, with a lemon basil dressing
“And you have proof of this?” Sherlock breathed, looking fascinated.
“Crystal.”
"I'll buy you a full steak dinner if you stay on and do a tandem with me for this. I have a crit coming to you airlift I need you on the roof with a trauma team and a fully stocked OR ready within the next hour. Tell either the Surgical Director or the highest uppity up you can find that full liability and expenses are being claimed and covered by Mycroft Holmes, that should keep them calm. The patient has head trauma, sucking chest wound, internal bleeding, multiple punctures, stabs, burns, electric, and blunt trauma. Starvation, dehydration, infection and drugs. You're going to need rib cutters, pliers, and a claw head hammer, ice, an electric bone saw, two full length leg halos, minimum eight units of A positive, casting materials, all the screws, bolts, and pins you can find, and probably every suture in the hospital, and gods just get everything in that room you can possibly fit into it and the strongest stomachs you can get to assist. we're going to need all of it."
"Did you say Mycroft? As in early 40's, expensive suits, receding hairline, slight paunch, drop dead gorgeous assistant, and wields an umbrella like it could easily become a weaponized walking stick? THAT Mycroft?"
"I told him it would be a bad idea to keep you on communications blackout, but Mycroft always seems to think he knows better, even when he doesn't."
Mycroft was shooting him a 'I hate you so VERY much right now, because she's going to win against you, and have me get her a prince filled ball' Look.
"Goodnight Sherlock, pleasant dreams."
"Even the invisible need medical attention, Lestrade, most times they need it worse than the visible ones, only many times by the time they really need it, they can't even ask anymore. He's made it so they don't have to. His hands may not be able to hold a scalpel anymore, but he's no less a doctor. He probably couldn't find hospital work that would take him on once he got back from Afghanistan, not with his leg and shoulder and PTSD, and he's severely overqualified for locum work, so they wouldn't want to hire him because it would make them feel inferior, or maybe they didn't have the budget to pay him enough. But he still wants to help people, so he helps whoever wants him to."
He'd picked out every trick in the book on how to cut costs and maximize profit in ways the public generally wouldn't pick up on. Minimal wait staff, soups were thinned out, glasses were loaded to the tops with crushed ice and cost fifty cents more, prices were hiked up because everything had a fancy French sounding name, small 'haute coture' portions that cost double something two or three times as large at his place but cost a tenth the amount to make. They also kept grocers expenses down because most of the dishes had the same common or inexpensive ingredients, and every entree came with an endless bread basket and generous serving of either their 'world famous whipped potatoes' or their 'signature rice dish', in order to make you feel full from the carbs, and were two of the cheapest ingredients for a restaurant to order in bulk. The potatoes were basic instant mashed potatoes with extra water to give it the whipped texture they wanted, then mixed with garlic butter and colored with paprika, and piped onto the plate to make it look fancy. The rice was basic lemon butter and rosemary pilaf with some yellow coloring added to make it have the look of expensive saffron rice. The presentation was nice but he couldn't say he was very impressed with the food when all was said and done with. The actual French bistro that had been next door to them before had been leaps and bounds better in taste, quality, and value, and the young couple who had run it had been very nice.
Sherlock felt his face blanch and scanned the room. The air vent, it had to be. He knew Mycroft kept rigorous surveillance on him, he had simply chosen to ignore it, had thought it wouldn't be in the flat proper, especially not in the bedrooms, but no, Mycroft had seen everything, probably from the beginning, and Sherlock knew that if Mycroft thought John was intentionally hurting him, John would have simply disappeared from the flat one day without a trace and never have been seen again.
"What the hell are you going on about?"
Sherlock's cheek had struck against the edge of a mug in John's careless haste to push him over the table. Sherlock hadn't been fully able to brace or protect himself at first because John had wrenched his arm up behind his back before he did it. There is a deep crescent-shaped mark on Sherlock's cheek, it will bruise, John can tell already. A mark that can't be hidden, or covered up so that no one will notice, a reminder of the beast that John can't deny or forget about when Sherlock is completely covered in several layers of clothing even in the heat of summer. John feels sick.
His phone rang and he dove for it, barely registering that the number was blocked before answering in the middle of the second ring. "This is low even for you, and it's none of your damned business anyway, now give him BACK! If you have harmed one hair on John's head I will dismember you personally Mycroft!"
Yet Sherlock had been completely unable to understand why getting so badly hurt and coming close to death could upset their mother at all. She'd been completely inconsolable after Sherlock had asked. She was a Holmes by marriage after all, she couldn't understand yet that Sherlock was a Holmes through and through, and that this was simply the first of many such instances to come and it had nothing to do with her capabilities as a parent.
Spiced mulled apple cider, plain or with your choice of brandy, rum, or whiskey.
John's eyes went wide. "Ketoacidosis. Oh gods were they all diabetic do you think?"
Jim and Sebastian came in for tea time, a medium pot of Earl Grey with lemon for Jim, and the strong, full bodied Kenyan high roast coffee for Sebastian. John smiled as he set down the tea service; a cup of the house made chicken noodle soup each, with a slice of toasted cheddar baguette, a large plate of five different finger sandwiches, two small spinach, bacon, and cheese quiches, a medium sized plate of sliced fruits and cheeses with custard and yogurts, and hot blackberry scones with clotted cream and marmalade for them to share. Jim inhaled the tea's aroma before taking a sip and smiling.
"No you didn't. You lost a kidney, some intestine, a bit of liver but that will grow back, and we recovered what we could of your genitals. Reconstructive surgery for that is an option for later on, but we didn't amputate any limbs or extremeties, though it was a near thing with your left leg. Whether you will still be able to use them we aren't sure yet. Earlier I would have said it didn't look good with the amount of nerve damage you had, but you have far more feeling and movement than we had hoped, and you may regain more after the swelling goes down. Right now there isn't a single part of your system that isn't inflamed either from injury or infection, and that puts pressure on your nerves and circulatory system, which in turn can make things go numb. As the swelling reduces, what sensation you can regain will return too. That is when we can make a better assessment of the damage. You already pulled off one miracle, something tells me you are just stubborn enough to go for a second one if you set your mind to it. Now, your boss wants to talk to you for a moment. I'll give you half of this now, to start getting you out of pain, and the other half when he's done, alright?"
"Wonderful to meet you, we were getting pretty desperate. This way. I'm afraid you'll find the entire government and armed forces of the United Kingdom is Mycroft Holmes' on call lackey. Six months ago I was a Lieutenant Colonel and team medic in the middle of the biggest firefight of my career on my third deployment to Afghanistan when two unmarked Apaches come out of nowhere and rained a barrage so heavy against the opposition that it was over in under fifteen seconds. They landed, one with immediate supplies and transport for my unit, the other with a woman who didn't even have a vest on and looked like she had just left a London office simply to take her lunch in the middle of a war zone that day. She just stood there completely nonplussed in the sands of Helmand in a pencil skirt and heels, texting on a blackberry, and informing me that I had just been reassigned. I thought I was dreaming until I found myself in Kabul boarding a private jet that made a non-stop flight back to London where a helicopter picked me up and brought me here. Weird has been par for the course ever since."
"Look, I know this is terrifying, but just keep fighting soldier, you didn't win this war just to be defeated by a skirmish, and now you've got the entire British Government backing you up and pissed off at the ones who did this to you. Your boss has been on my ass to wake you for days now just so he knows who to shoot at. You'll get through this and prove that yes they hurt you, but even though they did their absolute worst they couldn't fully break you, because you're still alive. Your heart stopped four times, do you understand that? You died four times in one day and you are still here. If you had truly wanted to die, there's nothing we could have done to have kept you breathing on that table, in fact with how badly you were injured you only stood a ten percent chance of even making it through all those surgeries, let alone coming out of it as more than a vegetable. Technically you should have been declared as too far gone to save and been allowed to slip away after making you comfortable on pain killers because it would have been the far more 'humane' treatment. But you got placed with the stubborn surgeon whose willing to fight as long as the patient is, and here you are, aware, alert, and still going. You didn't stop fighting, it was your will to live that pulled you through. And even though you are going to feel like shit for a very long time, you are still breathing, which is more than I can say for the bastards who did this if I know your boss. Oh and I owe you dinner wherever you like when you finally get out of here, I promised you one if you would just stop flatlining on me and you kept up your end."
He digitally circled the area and sent the picture back, telling them to check the area for DNA and fingerprints, and also to dust around the upper arms, throat, and hips. Also the fact that threads of silk fiber had been found on both of the victims clothes or hair was another fascinating clue, since there hadn't been any silk in the vicinity, so for it to be on both men was definitely significant, even if he didn't know what it meant yet. He also requested a rape kit be performed on both men and requested the same for all remaining victims as well, and asked if they could make the exams on victims number 6, 7, 9, 12, 18, and 22 their top priority. Something was off about all of the people in that room, and especially those six but he couldn't tell what just yet.
"Good you're here. No needle marks on the arms. I need you to confirm something for me help me start lifting their shirts and pulling down trousers."
please review, comments make me so happy, and I like knowing what is going on in the readers' heads so I know if I am doing things right or not.
In fact it barely compares to the feeling of being drained of all his energy, all his will, and even his thoughts are completely silent for a few blessed moments. It's at the point when Sherlock knows that John understands he is completely, absolutely, and totally helpless before him, and John, with a few words could do anything to him, could break past all of his barriers, destroy him utterly, could change him however it suited him to do so and Sherlock would never be able to protest once it's done, that's when John, his Noble Soldier, pulls him back up into his arms, holds him against his chest, and wraps the duvet around both of them tightly.
"Possibly the murder weapon. So far I am seeing signs of steroids and possibly even a bad trip on LSD for the girl who tried to take off her own skin. "
The first time, Sherlock had stopped in completely by happenstance in order to discretely watch his query on a case, had noticed John momentarily when he came by to take his order, and when the man held his gaze a moment too long, (only waiting for Sherlock to make his selection and nothing more, but Sherlock had been distracted and hadn't noticed.) he'd been his usual acerbic self of course, questioning why so highly an educated and decorated man had given up so illustrious a career in medicine in order to open up a cafe of all things, it was ridiculous, even teaching paid more. John's reaction hadn't been what he'd expected though. He'd laughed and called him brilliant right to his face, then given Sherlock a sample of the latest seasonal brew, and showed him his left hand and how it shook lightly.
"Oh, John, you've outdone yourself, I can see why it's your favorite." Sherlock purred happily, and taking another sip.
Two blinks.
part 2 of the 3-4 I will be uploading before allowing myself to crash tonight.
. The fact that you liked it is what is important, alright?”
John laughed and the rest of Sherlock's anxiety dissipated. There was no inflection of speech tone to indicate that John was hiding anything or being coerced in any fashion, and John was not a brilliant liar.
No one cared to know how he did it or what their relationship was actually like, and John had insisted they weren't a couple for the longest time. If anyone was to be suspected, everyone would have immediately thought that Sherlock would be the one abusing John, the sociopath with no conscience or regard for human life. No one would suspect John, he didn't have a hint of guile or that 'leading a hidden life' vibe. Then again no one had suspected his father either, the highly respected civil servant, the perfect family man with the devoted wife and two children, the man with the bright future in politics.
He started randomly pointing to the medical staff around him.
"Broomfield! I need transport there ready on my signal. Do you have my mobile?"
“No I have barely even seen him since yesterday. He still has my mobile, so I'm using the car phone right now, though he's probably tracking that too, knowing Mycroft. I'm in Essex, spent a whole day patching up a member of his personal army, just had dinner, and now I'm going somewhere to crash into unconsciousness for at least the next ten hours, and I will personally shoot anyone in the head who tries to wake me before then. He wants me to accompany him around for a bit doing god only knows what, but I think somehow my working at the clinic has mortally offended him and he has made it his new personal mission to keep me up to my elbows in viscera until I'm terminated. Doubt it will take him long with how often I call off anyway. Will you be terribly cross with me if I just give in and resign so it's at least on my own terms and make this entire display of his pointless? How are you doing? How's the case? Any leads yet? And please tell me you have at least attempted to eat something today."
"I don't know Sherlock. Damnit, I'm sorry, I am so, so sorry, but I just don't know. I don't know why I did it. Would you like me to go, stay somewhere else? I don't want you feeling uncomfortable. You don't need to be afraid in your own home, I... Christ, I'm Sorry."
“You were feeling guilty, you wanted to be punished for your sins, and self chastisement didn't seem to be doing it for you, so I tried to accommodate. That way you wouldn't be pitying yourself when you found out the truth, and you respond better to bad news when you have a level head.”
"Either is fine, but I think 'John' will suffice if you like."
"I would suspect, I don't know, Diabetes or Hypoglycemia probably. I would need blood work to be sure."
"Look I know you're all under orders, so I won't try to get you guys to tell me where we're going or anything, so just a simple nod or shake of the head will do. Is this drive going to take a while?"
Mycroft understood emotion of course, far better than Sherlock at any rate, but he was skilled in its use only so far as it applied to how he could manipulate and twist and bend a person's feelings and reactions in order to get someone to do what he wanted, most times while thinking it was all their own idea. That trick would not serve here, and Sherringford was far more gentle with broken things than he could ever be, and John didn't even know he was broken yet. Yes, the best course for minimizing the damage was to twine John and Sherringford's threads about each other, tightly if he could manage it, near enough for a bit of influence but not too near the place where Sherringford's was connected to their mother's. She was a good person, but a bit too likely to go to the other extreme and mother and pamper and coddle John to the point he felt pitied and stupid for being taken in, which would weaken the result Mycroft was going for.
“It's alright, I have one too. Can't sleep otherwise. I won't tell if you won't.”
He barely registered that the kiss had stopped when he heard Sherlock's sultry, sinful voice purring in his ear even as his hand slipped down to palm John's cock through his trousers. His other grabbed John's bad arm, winched it behind his back and held it in place only by gripping his thumb. The hand on his cock became serious, tightening hard with a very threatening half twist and fingernails threatening to dig in, while Sherlock's knee pressed behind John's own, threatening to knock him off his feet and land him into a world of pain.
"I have?" the detective asked, perplexed.
Sherlock doesn't resist or argue, or even put up a token protest. He gingerly sits at the corner of the bed and leans forward a bit so that John can easily reach the wound. He can't stop the hiss as the cold burn of the antiseptic feels like it stabs into the exposed tissues. The smooth, soothing ointment is next, and Sherlock whimpers in relief after the pain from the antiseptic. Finally a gauze bandage that is expertly held in place by an eight sided frame of waterproof medical tape. John knows how much he moves around normally and made sure that it will stay put. John's hand is not leaving his shoulder.
But you entered John's shop, and it suddenly didn't matter who you were, you were a welcomed friend. That rare feeling of absolutely no expectations except to sit, relax, and enjoy one's self, Mycroft admitted he rather craved the feeling. Therefore they stopped in every morning, even if all they had time for was grabbing to go cups of coffee and tea, and a bag of pastries, breakfast rolls, or sandwiches.
He had come by in the middle of a case this time and growled about how the clues weren't adding up and ranted for a good ten minutes about all the things that didn't make any sense, and he was beginning to wonder if it was all a conspiracy cooked up by the Yard in order to drive him mental. He wouldn't put it past Anderson. John had looked puzzled for a moment and then made the strangest non-sequiter "What did her teeth look like?" Puzzled, Sherlock had described them, terrible looking, like she had been beaten severely, a few recently missing, the gums had still been red, but there was no bruising on her face. John had just shook his head sadly.
"Correct, as always John."
gingerbread loaves, biscuits, or gingerbread men
A/N: Um this chapter actually needs a squick warning this time. I figure if MY stomach turned a bit while writing it, even with how desensitized I am, then yours definitely might. I have been in the medieval study and re-enactment field for FAR too long, so when I describe something as TORTURE, you can be damned sure it's accurate and that I MEAN it. I will mark that part with *WARNING* and finish with *SAFE* so you can skip it if you want to. I am a benevolent author, I will not squick you without your consent. So here you go:
"Yeah. You in the area? My shifts done in two hours if you want to grab a pint."
"I'll try it too, toffee flavored."
The man laughed a bit, and it was evident that the fentanyl was taking effect. John smiled and then stepped back to allow Mycroft forward.
I'm not going to lie to you Major, I've known this man a long time, even if I didn't know what all he was up to, hes been a very good friend and a mentor to me. He's been an operative for nearly seventeen years, and I can tell you with all honesty, he wouldn't want to continue on like this, in fact he has a DNR with my name as witness on it that we've already been ordered to ignore unless he goes brain dead. If you manage to, he's not going to see you saving him as a kindness, in fact it's probably down right cruel of us to make him try and live through the aftermath. And if his mind survives this intact after what he's been through I just might stop believing in the existence of any kind of benevolent God. But that's not what I'm allowed to want or pray for this time. He has information we desperately need, he's a good man, and he deserves a chance to make the ones who did this to him pay, and knowing him, he'd want to."
Squash, zucchini, and peppers medley over angel hair pasta, served with sauteed mushrooms, jacket potato and bread.
"Are you saying they all overdosed on illicits?"
"I have to admit, John, that I have been rather... disappointed in you of late. I had thought my previous actions had been enough to impart upon you what I was expecting from you... "
"So the connection was they were diabetic?" Lestrade questioned.
"Oh yes of course! Welcome! It's so good to meet you at last, he's been squirreling you away from us for ages." Violet said with a smile and completely ignoring the hand he was beginning to offer, she wrapped him up into a gentle, floral scented embrace.
"You said almost all, how many haven't been ID'd?"
No one knew about the third safe. It was mounted in the wall at the top of the stairwell behind the display of his medals. It's where he kept his gun and ammunition, as well as the flash drive and sim card that contained all of the evidence he was collecting against A bientot that was down the street a ways. They were a trendy 'French Fusion' restaurant that had moved in six months ago and had already run the French bistro that had been next door to them out of business, then bought out and expanded into the space. They had horrible business practices, and they made very little secret of the fact that they were trying to drive out any possible competition in the neighborhood.
Root Vegetable Medley- lightly sauteed cubes of potato, burdock, carrots, parsnips, rutabaga, onion, and baby turnips in a rich and flavorful vegetable herb stock, served with fresh baked bread.
They sat in their preferred booth and perused the menu on the table, Sherlock had all of the regular menu memorized as well as the drinks menu, but was carefully looking over the seasonal fall/winter insert.
“Yeah, think about it. I mean we could have killed them either way, but you would really have to think about it for a minute without a weapon, and rational doesn't go for the kill first off unless directly threatened. A knife, I'd probably have only gone to injure, especially if they didn't fight back, but if I'd had a gun... I had clear shots except when we were jumping fences and for those first few minutes, the sound of the glass busting and the bricks crashing through windows... that snapped me back into a memory so powerful I can still taste the dust and gunpowder in my mouth and the lamb the woman was cooking... that first minute we were running, those weren't stupid kids running down the street, they were enemies. No wonder they take our toys away when we come home.”
He spun around to check for damage, his knee twinging, and felt the weight of the world fall off his shoulders as he saw Sherlock kneeling over Moriarty’s prone body.
can,” Sherlock replied. “And I can always predict the fortune cookies.”
The former knight took a deep breath, staring into the unforgiving woods.
“I’d say she’s a nightmare to live with, but…” Sherlock shrugged, gesturing to his cluttered room as a whole. “I’m not any better.”
“Considering I
“Shut it,” John laughed, rolling out of bed. “I imagine you’ve already found the basin, then. I’ll go get the water, shall I?”
“I know,” John replied, “and I don't want to pressure you into anything-”
(See the end of the chapter for
John blinked a few times, and Irene laughed.
didn’t want to be
The man considered them for a moment, shook his head, and dragged John inside a darkened house. Sherlock stood dumbly in the middle of the street as his hostage carefully removed herself from his grip.
was perfect.)
It had been years since Sherlock could remember waking up afraid.
“Why not?”
“Hello, boys. A little birdie told me where you were,” Mary drawled, and Irene frowned, angry that the blonde would make them doubt her even after her death (however true that story might be).
Magic knows what it wants, and it knows how to get it.
“Oh, I don’t mind your scar. I’ve been meaning to get a good look at it.”
John blinked a few times, glancing down at his phone, his eyebrows knitted together.
“We only need money if someone sees us.”
“I want to-
Sherlock slammed the door in Kitty’s face as soon as he’d stepped two feet inside his room. He sighed, threw himself on the bed, and lay there for what seemed like hours. He ran his fingertips over the soft silk sheets, burying his head in a luxurious feather pillow. A servant wandered in every now and then to stoke the fire, but Sherlock remained motionless on the bed until Kitty returned, holding a pitcher and a basket of soap.
of all places.
“It’s your fucking microwave!” Irene shouted.
“Oh, they’re out. They’ve sort of a council here that they’ve developed in the last fifty or so years. They’re bringing them ‘round to the idea of helping now. Someone’s gone to fetch authority from neighboring towns. Greg and Rosalie won’t be back for hours.”
“Don’t listen to her,” came John’s voice. Irene had never loved him more. “Sherlock, get to Moriarty!”
Push. “Don’t you think there’s a reason no one’s out at night?”
Please leave a kudos or a comment if you're able. It helps motivate me, and it always makes my day :)
“It’ll be fine in the morning.”
It had definitely not been Sherlock who had changed him into the thick trousers and woolen tunic that he wore now. The last thing Sherlock remembered, he was in the blue formalwear his parents had forced him into for his eighteenth birthday celebration, standing in front of Moriarty, a slick-haired witch with dark, feral eyes.
Sherlock grinned. John loved his smile.
enough product in his hair to make it look careless. Most of it was in the bathroom, anyway, and he couldn’t do much without it.
Speaking of the meddling git, Sherlock hadn’t seen his brother for a few days. Mycroft had saved him, argued with him, and stormed off into the woods. Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he was visiting Sherrinford, making sure their littlest brother was safe. There really wasn’t anyplace else for Mycroft to be, was there?
to keep him warm.
away at his flesh. Men and women lay around him, mangled and bloody and dying, and John screamed with them through the pain. He ground his teeth and dug his fingers into the sand as images of the dead filled his mind, the stench of rotting flesh and metallic tang of blood pervading his thoughts, making him sick. His stomach churned and boiled.
“What of the other cities?” Sherlock asked, his voice low. “Dewer’s Hollow? Sussex?”
“Sherlock, shut up.”
Sherlock nearly sighed in relief, but he was careful to distance himself. Emotions wouldn’t help him save his family, his people. Logic and bloodshed would do the trick just fine. Greg and Rosalie listened intently as Sherlock described everything he might need from the most to least likely scenario. As the prince spoke, Greg steadily blanched, and Rosalie became more and more tense. John clasped Sherlock’s hand under the table, and Sherlock squeezed it back in thanks, grateful for John’s show of support.
“No, but it could be interesting!”
“I suppose you want me to get it, then,” Sarah said. “I might be younger than you, love, but I’m just as old.”
“You know me better than that,” Sherlock replied.
not at all as if she’d spent any time trapped in something as cold and unfeeling as glass.
Sherlock glanced down at his pajama bottoms. “No!”
Exhaustion and blood loss gave no relief from the incessant song. Moriarty's hold over her was powerful, held together by the Magic used to keep her alive. Slowly, as Irene's life faded away, so did Magic's hold on her.
gratitude.
“Sherlock!” he called, jogging down the hallway.
“Mike-”
“What?”
John was definitely not complaining, and it wasn’t really a
Once the offending garment was on the ground, the prince’s lips were back on John’s. Waves of panic washed over him as Sherlock’s fingers traced the marred skin on his left shoulder.
Irene scowled as Stella stepped into their flat. She made herself comfortable on the sofa, and, slowly, everyone relaxed right along with her. Everyone, that was, except Irene. John stayed near Sherlock, enjoying immensely their close proximity. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, either. He shot John little smiles every now and then, promising more as soon as they got a chance alone.
“And what do people normally think, then?”
“Does any of this hurt?” John asked, his brows furrowed. Sherlock shook his head, and John continued, “It looks like it’s healed. This hand’ll be weak for a while, though. I don’t think Magic takes care of physical therapy. Don’t… I dunno. Don’t try to fell a tree with your bare hands or anything.”
“We should go,” he said before dropping a chaste kiss on John’s cheek. “The sooner we get this over with, the better.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Oh.”
“I should hope not.”
“He’s all right,” John offered. Sherlock hadn’t moved a muscle since the doors had opened. “I fixed him up.”
Sherlock was genuinely confused. “Because I’m-”
Irene stood in front of them, her eyes narrowed and her red lips twisted into a sharp frown.
Even as the sun set, the pair travelled through the kingdom of London. Old, snow-covered dirt roads led them from the forest and into the vast emptiness of farmland. Sherlock tensed as they emerged from the cover of the trees, and John debated taking his hand.
“It’s
Mycroft was currently hiding, and for good reason. Thankfully, he’d been on the ground when the curse was broken. He imagined losing his wings in the air, fainting from he burning pain in his bones as they cracked and creaked and shrunk until he was human again, landing with a sickening thud on the pavement, naked, his people surrounding his mutilated body.
At Sherlock’s outburst, the fearsome dragon immediately recoiled, slinking out of the window and lowering his head like an embarrassed child.
“Same to you,” he replied.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered simply, his crystal eyes wide. “It’s just that that’s not what people normally think.”
“It went about as well as I expected,” John admitted. “That was amazing, by the way. How you knew all those things about me. Or maybe you're just stalking me.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snapped ineloquently.
WOW it's over!!! This has been, like, the last year of my life?? I probably won't write a fanfic this long for some time, and maybe not even for the Sherlock fandom. But I dunno. Anything could happen.
“Hey, hey,” John interrupted, holding his hands up in surrender, “let’s not get into our deepest fears and insecurities, okay? I normally save that for the
“I’m sure you were a very perceptive child, John. Don’t be so hard on yourself.”
John longed for his bow, for the surety of his arrow lodging itself in Moriarty’s heart, but he hesitated before drawing. Magic was gone. He had no way to guarantee he wouldn’t kill Sherlock instead.
~*~*~
“I will
“Are you all right?”
“Just breathe, Sherlock. We’ll find Mycroft, or he’ll find us. He’ll be with us soon.”
He saw it when he opened his eyes.
“What is it?” the prince demanded, pulling away from John’s touch. “Was I wrong to tell them? They both know. They should be forced to acknowledge it, don’t you think?”
Irene cackled and turned to Sherlock, a wide grin on her face. “You will not believe what happened at Tesco.”
“Yes?”
If the man had been surprised at Sherlock’s
Fat teardrops fell from her face as Lady Soo Lin asked, her hands outstretched, “Can I see you? I need to see you.”
“Get out,” Sherlock hissed, twisting to hide the brightness of his face. “I can do it myself. Get
“All of us,” Greg answered, sending a glare Sherlock’s way. “Excepting the children, of course. We wouldn’t allow it.”
“Mycroft!” Sherlock called out, swinging his legs to the side of the bed. “Mycroft!”
“I should tell you that Wilkes’s boy disappeared this spring,” he finally sighed. “It really wouldn’t do to mention it in front of him, what with his health and all.”
All it took was one look at Sherlock’s face for John to wish the worst upon the man standing in front of them.
"Of course I am," John said. "You told me all about what people would do to you because of your deductions. Did the King's son do something to you?"
“Why not?” Mike retorted. John had to agree.
“Is that all?” she asked.
“Mike, I’m wounded.”
Rosalie’s frown remained, carved into her face like an inscription on stone. A matching expression graced her brother’s face. The resemblance was astonishing, but only when they frowned so deeply.
The blond stared at her for a tense moment before running off without another word. Irene hadn’t expected any less, but she felt John’s departure deep in her bones as anxiety began to build. She hadn’t seen Mary since the day she almost killed Sherlock. The day she’d left Irene at the hands of John Watson.
Not edited at all!
“Johnny, do you even know his name?”
“Who?” the Queen demanded, speaking for the first time since she’d entered the room.
The doorbell rang, and Irene answered it with a bright smile. In walked Molly, a pack of wine coolers in her hand. Sherlock tore his eyes away from the scene to see John staring down at him nervously, a pill bottle gripped in one hand.
The siren song of Irene's master called to her, pulled her through the trees and away from the prince and his knight. It wormed its way into her head, scratching at her ears and burrowing deep in her brain. Sat against an evergreen, pine needles pinching her naked skin, Irene tore at her scalp with blunt fingernails. Her screams echoed through the empty forest, and she ground her teeth, willing Moriarty's song out of her
“I found you, Sherlock!”
“Greg Lestrade,” the man offered politely, “and my sister Rosalie.”
“We’ll have to thank him,” John muttered, more to himself than anything else.
Of course Mycroft had to spend more time with Ford than with Sherlock. Ford had never liked to be alone for long, much unlike Mycroft and Sherlock. Sherlock could remember, on four separate occasions, Ford bursting into the library, demanding to see either Mycroft or Sherlock
“Mike, mate, I love you to death, but- Valentine's Day?”
Sherlock frowned. “Only in your twenties, and these people listen to you two?”
party!” Sherlock argued, his eyes narrowing. “Why can’t you just leave me alone?”
As John and Sherlock slept, Irene lay motionlessly for a few hours, her stomach gnawing at itself in hunger. They'd never actually gotten supper. It hadn't seemed important then, but now she needed something in her stomach to get her back to London, back to her master.
Please leave a comment if you liked it, hated it, or have any suggestions. I love to hear what people think about my writing. :)
“This is what you drive me to, John Watson.”
“Well, if
"This is freezing! Did you add any hot water to this at all?"
He walked slowly from house to house, relieving himself of more and more clothes as he went. The hitch in his step and the ache in his shoulder (made worse by the cold weather) hindered him only slightly if he didn’t think about them too much, so John decided to keep busy. He didn’t mind the work; it kept him from moping around the house all day. He didn’t mind the walking, either; it kept him moving, and it kept him fit. What he did mind were the stares, the snickers, the pitying glances. The knight had decided that he could definitely live without those.
“Were you awake?” Siger asked, furrowing his brows.
“So, you talked to Greg and Rosalie this morning?”
many drugs) and possibly sex. The latter Sherlock was meant to provide, which meant the former-
Sherlock turned and disappeared into a side door, and John had to take a deep breath before following him. The prince had already divested himself of his shirt and stockings when John entered the room, and his nimble hands rested at the button of his trousers. John smiled, though he reckoned it looked more like a grimace. Sherlock's little smile faltered, and he brought his arms up to cover his chest.
The prince mumbled a loath agreement, and the three of them settled into bed. Irene burrowed under her blankets, making sure to face the other bed. It seemed that John had the same idea. The knight was curled around Sherlock possessively, and he observed her from over the prince's head of unruly curls. They stared at each other wordlessly, unblinking, daring the other to close their eyes first.
“Mike,
He looked down at the blankets in his hand, a sly smile spreading across his face. He’d need more, of course, but that could easily be arranged. For now, Sherlock devoured whatever was in the wicker basket Molly had brought him, curled up in bed with three new blankets, and refused to sleep. The prince’s body was exhausted, and he was emotionally drained from his earlier suicide attempt, but his brain was whirring and spinning and buzzing, already forming a plan of escape that most certainly did not involve dying.
Why didn’t you kill
Soo Lin laughed and drew Sherlock into her arms. “I missed you, Sherlock.”
A soft smile crept onto Soo Lin’s wrinkled face.
“No.”
Sherlock cocked his head. “Van Coon. I could tell as soon as I saw him. I take it you’re his superior officer.”
"Right. Well." Slowly, Sherlock's face and neck reddened, his blush turning darker and darker the longer John looked at him. Eventually, the prince held out his arm, water dripping onto the wooden floorboards. He was trembling. "The soap, John?"
burning through his veins like fire, Magic buzzing incessantly in his ears (or maybe it was just rushing blood), his fists clenching and his jaw setting.
John pursed his lips. “She did.”
When she could take it no longer, Irene exposed her chest, her dagger in hand and the sheath between her teeth. She carved three shaky lines over the
“I’ll just have to avoid him. That’ll get rid of this… infatuation.”
The knight scowled. "I'll make sure this one doesn't say anything to you."
Moriarty stood in front of him, a manic smile on his face and a familiar, unsettling glint in his eye.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, affronted. “I had a little brother. I know how to behave around children.”
nice. Maybe John would let Sherlock kiss him whenever he wanted.
“She is.”
"We're seeking counsel, like every other honest person in this city," John said.
“I hate you,” Sherlock muttered, turning and pressing his hot face into the back of the sofa.
The taller man swallowed hard, his eyes downcast.
The prince froze as Siger pulled him close, kissing his temple and crying into his hair. His son quieted, breathing deeply against Siger’s chest.
Please leave a kudos or a comment if you're so moved. It always makes my day!! :)
“Uh, yeah,” he replied. He watched dumbly as Sherlock brushed past him and darted up the stairs. The taller man was halfway to a higher landing when John whispered to himself, “Amazing!”
I fear that this chapter and maybe some previous ones were kind of boring? I'm trying to make it interesting and exciting, but it's shaping up to be a quiet sort of story.
“Of course,” Sherlock agreed.
John nodded. “Yes, you can take me to your room, and we can do as much or as little as you want. If you want to talk for two hours, that’s perfect. If you want to do anything else, that’s perfect too. The loo’s not the most scenic place for anything, though, so…”
“Sorry,” John replied, his mouth quirking. “And maybe you could slow down next time?”
important?!”
“Direct attack and strong offense has been our battle tactic for years,” Shan explained. “I can’t imagine what you’d want us to do about it. Our men are trained for offense over defense or stealth.”
John Watson lumbered through the streets of Northumberland, a cane in one hand and a basket of clothes in the other. The once great knight had become a launderer, having taken over his sister's job when he returned home only to find Harriet with a bottle permanently stuck in her hand.
Soo Lin rolled her eyes. “Dear, the last fifty or so years don’t count.”
Sherlock couldn’t see a door anywhere. Logically, if he
The forest was still, and the only sound audible besides the crunching of the snow under John’s boots was the howling of the wind. A little black and white bird landed on a tree not too far from John, sitting intently, watching. It was soon joined by another.
“What the hell was in your fucking science microwave?”
"Yeah, yeah," Lukis agreed, rushing to open the gates. "Tell the inner guard that- all that business about Major Sholto. They'll let you in, Sir Watson. Sorry for all the trouble."
Where the magpies had lain dead, four humans lay in their place. Three women and a man lay unmoving in the snow, blood drying on their naked skin. John recoiled violently, taking mental note of their injuries.
“Does Mycroft know you’re here?” Sherlock asked abruptly.
“Few days.”
“Irene?”
“Let’s get going,” Greg replied, nodding decisively. “By the time we get to the castle, everything will be over and done with.”
“You’re right, love, absolutely right.”
“Fantastic,” Sherlock muttered to himself. “Now I need a new microwave.”
Sherlock just shook his head. “Mycroft caught me. He always does.”
“And I will?”
“Sherlock! We can’t steal someone’s horses!”
have to speak with him."
“It won’t.
Siger and Violet shared a heavy look. Siger knew his wife would be asking Mycroft about this fellow as soon as everything was settled. (Provided, of course, his name wasn’t on the list of the deceased.)
Sherlock tried in vain to dislodge the fingers clamped over his mouth. He kicked and yelled and generally made a scene. (He’d always been a touch dramatic, and he dared say being kidnapped was worth a bit of a fuss.) The hand over his mouth was small but sturdy, belonging to a woman, and calloused in all the right places for a tailor or seamstress. A small part of him mourned the loss of talented fingers as his teeth sunk into the woman’s flesh.
“Mike-”
“You being a prince, and all,” John replied.
"I'll just be a minute."
The tension in Sherlock’s lithe body melted away, and his eyes softened minutely.
John quirked an eyebrow, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“And how many classes have you missed?”
Moriarty’s eyes narrowed, and he snarled, showing off white teeth.
“No, Your Highness. The Lady Soo Lin ordered it.”
“What’d he do after you told him?”
"I was unable to make the journey two weeks ago," Sherlock cut in.
John paused, and Sherlock turned to him.
“I have no such plan.”
Turning to Greg, Mycroft carefully offered, “There will be people…
“I don’t want to corner him in his own flat,” John replied. “If he doesn’t- isn’t interested, I don’t- You know what I mean.”
As John’s gaze settled on Sherlock lounging on the sofa, he realized that things could definitely get worse.
Apparently, they would.
“And how did it sound?” Sherlock asked blandly. “Like you were making a bad joke?”
kind of business do you have being in London?”
“Says the boy hopelessly in love with a friend of a friend,” Irene countered, smirking devilishly.
“How many do I have?”
John gave the prince a lopsided grin.
“Moriarty?” Sherlock laughed maniacally. “I don’t think he can find me here, My.”
Thanks to my wonderful beta EmmaLockWrites. All mistakes are mine and not theirs.
Irene reasoned,
November!! I'm participating in NaNo again this year, which means I'll be working on an original novel all next month (and editing and all that in the following 3-4 months). So that's why I won't be posting as much here. If you wanna keep up with my original writing you can follow my very, very recently created writing account (as I one day hope to have, like, a fanbase and all that, though it's a lofty dream). On instagram, it's @echicks.author, and on here, it's just @echicks. I'll post my original work sometime in... March-April? Anyway, I'm super excited about that, too! I might say more of what it's about in a future post if anyone's interested, but it's also totally fine if you're not? I dunno. Don't feel like you have to follow me or anything, is what I'm trying to say.
Irene frowned, her eyes flicking from one man to the other.
of him?
If John were a lucky man, he would say they could be easily swayed to join his side.
So John rejoined the fight, along with, it seemed, a number of Moriarty’s lackeys. The women, eyes clear and alert, were clad in matching armor, maces and swords glinting in the sunlight.
John grit his teeth. “While I’m certainly not royal, I
John raised his eyebrows. “Then I guess I was a pretty dumb kid.”
“Yes,” Sherlock insisted. “As well as I can guarantee that your guards are stealing from you and-”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the girl. “It’s Prince William,” he said, “and just Sherlock. How did you know my name?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How’s Clara?” he asked as she stumbled out of her room.
“Ta, I’ll just switch it off,” John snapped. “I
are you, and why are you here?”
“Oh, uh, Mike,” said John, “I can’t make supper, but-” The knight paused at the crestfallen look on the other man’s face. “Why don’t I join you in the shops, then?”
“Sod off, John,” she spat, her eyes narrowing. “What’re you doing with all that?”
“Mummy-”
“I had to settle for some stale bread and a few apples,” she said. “And there’s a canteen of ale or mead or something in there as well. I think it’s ale. I’m not quite sure.”
~*~*~
But John did not have Magic. He was struggling enough as it was, and he hadn’t really done much other than run into the room and fall on his arse. John didn’t have the time nor energy to charm three women into turning on the man they had, presumably, served loyally for over half a decade.
Mycroft huffed and slithered off into the forest, but Sherlock had a feeling he wasn’t far off. The young prince let his tired eyes roam around the room; they finally settled on the blankets heaped on his bed. He cocked his head, a plan forming in his quick-thinking brain.
lock,” Moriarty sang. “You’re talking too much. Don’t you do anything
John shrugged again, double-checking everything he’d packed. “Magic told me. I don't remember. I imagine it begins with ‘Prince,’ but I’m lost after that.”
“Your Majesties,” he called, bowing deeply. “You have our deepest apologies; we were not in our right minds. If it were not for the witch’s Magic-”
“Can’t imagine where you got that idea,” John replied. “Couldn’t you deduce it or something? You can tell everything else about me.”
Instead of ending up a dark stain on the cold grey cobblestone below, Sherlock found himself very much alive, surrounded by complete darkness. He yelped as his hand touched the floor - it was wet and muscly and moved away at his touch. The stench was the worst of it - rancid meat and something burnt lingering behind that. Sherlock held his breath as his world tilted, and the great mouth opened, sending him spilling out onto the pavement.
“Yes,” the genius replied curtly. He stood abruptly and addressed only John. “Excuse me. I’ll be a moment.”
Rosalie hesitated. “Why?”
"What did he do to you?"
“Do you think he’s found someone? A friend?” she asked, her eyes giving away her burning curiosity. “You think he’s not so alone? Oh, I’d hate for him to have gone through all this alone.”
Tucking his shirttails into his jeans, Sherlock emerged from his bedroom and sauntered into the kitchen. Irene paused, cast him a disdainful glance, and went back to hanging red and pink streamers. John, having shoved aside the fingers in the freezer, offered Sherlock a bag full of ice.
“We’ll have to sleep on it,” Greg said apologetically. “It’s… We have to be absolutely sure. I’m sure you understand, Your Highness.”
“Friends,” Sherlock repeated. He spat the word like it was poison on his tongue. “Is that what we are? Friends?”
It just made John feel worse, really, that Sherlock might be avoiding him because he knew what lay in John’s heart, so he chose not to think about it that way. Perhaps Sherlock was just busy.
“Sherlock!” Irene snapped. “Jesus Christ, when’s the last time you ate anything other than ice cream?”
“You can call me Molly,” the girl replied. “I must be off, now.”
In sparing Irene’s life, they would surely kill her.
Half an hour later, John's shelter was disassembled, and he was on the path to St. Bart’s Tower once again, his bag on his back and his cane in his hand. It hadn’t snowed any more that night, and John thanked his lucky stars that he didn’t need to worry about five feet of snow. He felt perfectly fine with the three he already had to trek through, and he really didn’t think he needed any more.
because a knight from
“I can’t imagine why he would be,” Sherlock agreed. “Irene, can we talk about this later?”
question wasn't the right one to ask. Sherlock's face darkened momentarily, his beautiful smile disappearing before a little grin took over his face.
Sherlock grinned. “Nothing at all. I know a place not far from campus. You can always tell a great Chinese place by the bottom third of the doorknob.”
“I made
“Yes,” Sherlock replied simply.
The King turned red, and John could’ve kicked himself for being so stupid.
Sherlock shrugged. “It doesn’t hurt.”
The prince only shrugged. Rosalie frowned.
Sherlock blushed. “Most of that’s mine, actually.”
like, but I know the connotations present when one invites a romantic interest into the privacy of one’s bedroom, and- Not that I don’t- Surely, you know you’re…”
“Not exactly fair, is it, Moriarty?” Sherlock questioned.
Without even a glance towards the royal couple still sitting at the table in shock, John rushed after his prince.
Sherlock frowned. “Yes, I remember. Help me out of here, would you?”
“Oh, all right, then. I’ll just tell you all about my surprise,” Irene replied, taking her time in getting everything put in its proper place. “We’re having a singles party on the fourteenth. Here, at the flat. I was thinking you could invite Molly. Poor girl deserves a nice bloke who’s actually interested in women. Greg’s your friend too, right? The one with the glasses. Or is that Stamford? What the hell - invite Stamford too. As long as he’s single. And, you know, he’ll probably bring ‘round John-”
“Vi,” he breathed, “where is everyone? Where are the boys?”
John shrugged. "We'll see."
“You don’t
his servant.
Although she had to admit losing her bird form made transportation more inconvenient, Irene had had enough practice following John that tailing Mary wasn’t an issue. Without Irene’s connection to Moriarty, the blonde could only assume Irene had died (from wounds inflicted by John’s sword or from the cold, Irene couldn’t know).
John was silent for a moment, weighing his options carefully. He could rush things and seduce Sherlock Holmes sometime in the four days before the party, or he could wait until the party and catch Sherlock in a place where he already felt comfortable. Maybe the party would be the better idea, considering how quickly Sherlock seemed to flee every time he was caught alone with John. Then again - That was definitely a hint, wasn’t it?
“It’s hardly important,” the prince claimed. “I need to focus on Moriarty, anyway, not some invalided knight from run-down
“Not that you aren’t clever sometimes, John. You’re very clever, in an ordinary sort of way. That sounded cruel. I only mean that compared to a mind like mine, yours-”
“With all due respect, Your Highness, perhaps that’s why we’re losing the war with Afghanistan.”
“That would be lovely! I’ve got more streamers to hang. Can you get the snacks from the kitchen? Oh, and don’t touch the science microwave.”
“How many days of class have you missed?” Irene asked. “Two?”
“Sherlock, pet, it’s so good to see you,” the man continued, his dark eyes trained on John. “It’s been too long.”
“Inaccurate. You are, in fact, describing your relationship with your wife,” Sherlock said bluntly, and John had to retrace the conversation a few steps. “Subconsciously, maybe, but no less truthful for the fact.”
Sherlock frowned, and John waited patiently for his response.
The prince tried the doors, pulling with all his might, bracing one foot against the wall, grunting with the effort. The voice on the other side of the doors went silent, and Sherlock screamed, banging his own fists against it in anger.
“Wilson, Wiggins - do as he says,” said the knight in charge. “You! You never said your name.”
“Do you need a paracetamol?” he asked, a slight frown on his face.
She disappeared into the house, and Sherlock followed closely behind.
Of course Sherlock would be able to tell.
“You love me,” Irene replied cheerily. “So are you going to tell me what’s got you in this state, or shall I make my own deductions?”
“I could have-”
“Oh, it’s fine,” Irene assured. “I haven’t finished setting everything up yet.
Kind of edited by me and my friend.
"Your Highness," he greeted, "we can't thank you enough for granting us counsel on such short notice. And to you, Your Highness the Queen and the Ladies Yao."
A soft smile played at Soo Lin’s mouth.
Follow my instagram account @echicks.author if you'd like to see my nano progress this year!! I'm going to be posting an original story on ao3 sometime in......... March/April? And I would love to see some familiar kudos or comments?? Dunno??? Thanks for listening to my annoying self-promo I'm just trying my best
“I’ll get it,” the prince replied, rushing out the door. John could barely hear Sherlock’s faux chipper voice as he greeted the newcomers. “Gavin! John’s just having a bath. Any news from Sussex?”
“Why are you keeping me here?” he demanded. “I’m going to starve!”
“What are you-”
- the King. After your grandfather died… Well, everyone was sorta worried, you know, about what the next King would be like. Your da, though, everyone loves him. So everything will work out. Everyone’ll work towards it. It’ll be a golden age before you know it, Mycroft. You might even be King for it.”
“Ah, no, Your High-
“Three: you always tell me when you talk to him. When did you talk to him, and why don’t I know about it?”
met,” Sherlock replied. “As I said. Tedious.”
“Morning, Mycroft,” he greeted, wrapping the warmest blanket around his thin shoulders. “Slow down, would you?”
Sherlock blushed and turned his attention back to the new man.
It was just like any other day, but that wasn't right. It should be different. Sherlock had almost died last night. He had also kissed John. And John had kissed him back. They had kissed quite a bit, actually. That had been nice.
John shrugged. “No, but my curiosity doesn’t matter more than your privacy.”
Leave a comment or kudos if you liked it :)
"You're angry with him."
I was just playing with you, you know!
(Don't worry; they'll meet soon.)
He stood in the ballroom alone, his hair perfectly curled, his clothes pressed and cleaned. The hall was empty, marble floors gleaming as light streamed in from open windows. The prince swallowed hard as a voice called out to him.
John finally caught up to the prince and grabbed his arm. Sherlock spun around at the contact and bared his teeth like a threatened animal.
“What’s that?”
“My brother,” Sherlock replied, waving a hand in dismissal. “Tedious.”
“Listen, I know it’s a Saturday night, and I know you never throw parties, but- What the hell is that?”
One more chapter tomorrow! An epilogue of lesser fluff
“Oh. For class?” John asked.
“Well, it’s been three years, John!” Mike laughed. “How much do you want me to say?”
After moving the bookshelf, the table,
“So you’re worried he won’t be able to come to our rescue?” John asked. “That’s all fine. You want to keep an eye on him. All siblings do that.”
date.”
John forced himself to laugh, and the conversation turned back to much more mundane topics. Mainly, there was the concern about food supply and livestock. After all, winter looked to be making an early appearance this year.
“Yeah, yeah. It’s not yours,” Mike replied. “So you’ve said.”
I dunno if you can tell, but I can't write fight scenes for shit! Wow!!
“Mycroft, you great fucking idiot, what are you doing?!”
“They are distraught, Your Highness. Your mother… she would not stop screaming.”
Sherlock stared at himself in the bathroom mirror, his hands gripping the sink tightly. He breathed deeply, desperate to calm his racing heartbeat.
“No, no, I know you aren't,” the blond assured. “It was supposed to be a joke, but… I really do think you're amazing.” John blushed as he realized how that sounded.
Sherlock bit into the apple again, expecting his older brother to begin tapping. Instead, Mycroft bowed his head. Sherlock’s stomach dropped to his feet, and the apple fell out of his hand and down, down, down until it hit the snow-covered ground.
Sherlock shrugged. "She was… a friend, I would say."
A blush crept its way up Mycroft’s neck and spread over his cheeks.
“My boy,” Siger interrupted, watching fondly as his wife peppered their son with kisses, smoothing down his curls and stroking his cheeks, “you’ve done nothing wrong. This isn’t your fault. It couldn’t be.”
John cleared his throat. Irene waited.
“You can do the whole diplomacy thing more successfully, I imagine, Your Highness.”
“Jealous?” Sherlock snapped. He twisted his sword and managed to catch Moriarty’s shoulder with the blade. “Doesn’t seem like you.”
John chuckled. “I think you make good flatmates.”
“I’m held together by Moriarty’s Magic. Yours might tear me apart.”
“Yeah, and you’re supposed to
on Irene's chest burned, and fire licked its way over her naked body, leaving her mostly dry but still very naked and still very lost.
“And plucks the unworthy from the Earth. The very same,” Mike agreed. As he spoke again, his voice became quiet, somber. “I've seen what it's like there, too. In London. Everyone's afraid of Moriarty. The Magic there is… it's different. It’s not like yours.”
“Say that distraction comes from the center,” Shan interrupted. “The left and right flanks then move in, heading towards the castle from their positions in the field.”
“So, you punched him in the cock and revealed his deepest, darkest secrets?” Irene asked. “Sounds like a great first date to me.”
The word
“Oh,” he said. “Thank you.”
John had taken to wandering out his little town just to avoid getting home. Home meant arguing with Harry, and John never really liked the heavy feeling that settled in his stomach after an argument.
His boyfriend. You keep glaring at him like you hate him or something. I didn’t think Irene would invite someone that-”
I'm kind of behind schedule! I was supposed to finish chapter nine today but ya know. Things happen. I'll continue posting regularly though. No more delays.
The knight set his medical kit on the bed next to Sherlock and took the prince’s hand in his own. Sherlock’s breath hitched, and he licked his lips in anticipation. But John only unwrapped his bandages, manipulating Sherlock’s hand this way and that to examine it.
If the stiffening of his muscles and the twinging of his leg were anything to go by, John could safely assume he wouldn’t be getting any sleep that night, haunted by the images of glassy eyes and blank expressions cemented in this brain.
The assailant yelped and tore her hand away. Without the support of the woman’s hold, Sherlock dropped to the ground, grunting as his back hit the hard cobblestone road. The prince tasted blood in his mouth and spat, grimacing as he pushed himself to his feet. The woman held her bleeding hand close to her chest.
“Do whatever you like,” Sherlock sighed. “I’ve had enough of you. I won’t be listening.”
John smiled. “Let me clarify: I’ll be damned if I’m letting him go in there without me.”
“You don’t look a day over fifty-six,” Sherlock quipped, and John had to stifle a laugh.
“You can’t laugh at me!” he shouted. “You can’t do that!”
“I know they're not dating,” John whispered. “Singles’ party, and all.”
“What do you need from us?” she finally asked.
Mycroft had the good sense to look a little guilty as he shook his massive head.
“Ah, yes. Your father died in that war.”
Sherlock, acutely aware that John’s hand was millimeters from his bare thigh, muttered, “Perfectly fine,” even though he was not, in fact, perfectly fine at all.
“Then I think you and Sherlock will make the best leaders we’ve ever had,” Greg replied, his voice firm. “I have to find my sister, check everyone for injuries. If you find John in there, send him out. We could use him as a medic.”
"Oh tedious. Really, it wasn't like I actually killed anyone, the pig was already dead, I don't see what all the fuss is about."
Nathan Cornwall age 24 from Carlisle
He finally found his voice and told John flat out that he couldn't possibly be an abuser, well that's what he had intended, but the words didn't come out quite right. But he thinks that John understood, at least to some degree, and everything had dissolved from there into passion, and heat, and lust. He dominated John with a force of will that he couldn't put any other name to, except NEED.
John chuckled, and having had Mycroft introduce him as
At Lestrade's puzzled look Sherlock finally rolled his eyes.
"Wonderful, and my command voice is nearly two years rusty. At least the conditions are better than a canvas tent in the desert, and I used to work bloody MIRACLES in those. What's his condition?"
Cleaned and stitched and stable, the only thing left was to see if the man would wake up and retain his mind. Exhausted and weary, John Watson, Mark Hamsfeld, Carl Greenburg, Michael Wheaton and his fellows had truly done all they could. Robert Fletcher was a miracle case and had survived against some of the worst odds.
"Great." he said and wrapped the blanket around himself again. "Well, in that case I'm just going to continue my little kip. You learn to rest when you can when you live and work with these mad geniuses, they tend to run on caffeine, nicotine patches, sleep deprivation, and sheer bloody-mindedness for days and weeks at a time. I'm sure you'll wake me when we get there. Ta."
"Wow this place is huge, don't tell me you have a private hospital here with another person for me to fix up?"
Now he wanted to make things right, he wanted to fix this mistake he had made, even though John hadn't figured it out yet. For the first time ever, Sherlock felt GUILTY about something, and he had no idea what to do in this situation. He had been forced to apologize for any number of transgressions when he'd been a child, but he hadn't truly MEANT any of them. Was he supposed to confess, and then make it right? No one else had even caught on, and it made his gut twist when he thought of trying to explain what exactly he had done, especially to John. Could he make him understand that he hadn't MEANT for him to be hurt by it? Would that even work? John might have the patience of a mythological saint, but when his ire was raised he had a surprisingly short amount of tolerance for Sherlock, and Sherlock already knew this would most likely end badly.
“Piss off,
is a singles party?”
“I’m covered in your saliva!”
Soo Lin smiled proudly at the King and Queen, who, it seemed, didn’t quite know what to say.
Sherlock’s gaze caught on the woman’s frown.
“John,” he said absently, “I bit Rosalie on the way inside, might have broken the skin just a bit. Thought you’d like to know.”
Sherlock wanted to kill him.
The two-day trip to London (not Central London, where Sherlock’s home was, but the country itself) was fairly uneventful, filled with talking and laughing and joking and arguing and kissing (not much, but enough to note).
It was interesting, watching the man break into a house just to steal him some clothes. He stuck his tongue out as he picked the lock, dark brows furrowed in concentration. Mycroft considered him once more. The man was a noble one, though in intentions rather than blood, a brother and leader, though not a father or husband. He wore bulky iron weapons and cheap leather armor and laugh lines that only served to make him more attractive.
“Two days?”
This was originally part of one really long chapter, but it ended up being like 25 pages (and I'm still not done with it), so I split it in two, added a bit to this half, and made it its own chapter. Thanks for being so patient with me while I figure this out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, they’ll hardly find anyone on their own, will they?” Violet huffed. “I would like grandchildren. I
Thankful that Molly had finally left Sherlock’s side to join Mary and Sarah, John wandered over to Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced out the window, noticing for the first time the full moon hanging delicately in the sky.
“You know, I can take care of myself,” John replied, and Magic was gone. John knew it lurked somewhere in the shadows under the trees, but he was grateful for the temporary reprieve from its worrying.
Hot Toddy
" 'Twenty-five dead of either mass murder or mass suicide, need your help', and I stopped listening to his desperate rambling after that. The murderer certainly isn't withdrawn in the least and it's nowhere near their first kill. Possibly a serial killer, more likely a psychopath if there is no obvious connection between the victims. Unless they are the type of psycho who goes into a crowded place shooting, no one gets that high of a kill number on their first go unless their preferred method is in causing major accidents, and that is not the case here. Killers of this level have to develop a real taste for killing, work out all the kinks, before planning and pulling off something of this magnitude. He also would only do something this attention grabbing if his earlier kills had gone completely unnoticed and were logged as natural deaths, so a murder weapon that can pass for natural causes either just on the surface or completely, and I can think of thirty-six ways that could happen right off the top of my head. He would also have at least two armed accomplices because one man overpowering, abducting, and transporting twenty-five people on his own? That would be risky, highly risky, even if he drugged them, and especially if he kept them somewhere busy enough for the bodies to be found so quickly. No obvious signs, unless Lestrade's people are even more moronic than even I gave them credit for, means they weren't restrained. No ligature marks on the wrists, no tape on the mouths or signs of being gagged. Twenty-five people held against their will without being tied down in an at least semi-public place against one man holding one gun? No, especially not when he went to get more victims because you can't transport that many people at once without drawing some sort of attention. He wouldn't be able to control them. So there had to be controllers."
That was the definition, and Sherlock realized with gut wrenching horror that he'd been doing almost all of that to John, intentionally finding all the soft spots and chinks in his armor and needling them just so, in order to get what he wanted, not caring how it affected John. He himself was abusing John, and that was the most sickening realization he'd ever had.
Sherlock threw the teacup against the wall, barely paying attention as it shattered against it with a high-pitched crash and the tea started creeping down the wallpaper. There was a momentary reminder that he still needed to do that experiment on all the different types of tea stains, before it was brushed aside as he stalked around the flat like an enraged and caged animal. Mycroft still had his phone off. Forty-seven calls, sixty-seven texts, not a single response. Mycroft had taken John, HIS JOHN, twenty-nine and a half hours ago and Sherlock had been stupid, so stupid and had allowed it, thinking Mycroft had meant to take him to Essex.
Fortunately their brother Sherringford was simply brilliant with finances, besides that he had taken after their mother, and it was no secret he was closer to her than Sherlock and Mycroft himself were. He truly hoped it was a comfort to her to have a child she could somewhat relate to.
He took the photos of the scanned ID's and matched them with their crime scene photos and victim numbers, though only four victims had any background information so far, none of them the ones who had caught his attention, then collected the six people who were standing out to him.
He motioned John forward again and he administered the rest of the painkiller. "Rest easy soldier." Moments later, Fletcher was deeply asleep and they moved back out into the hall.
They watched as John wheeled out a tea trolley with all of the ingredients and two large mugs a few minutes later. He measured out a double shot of fresh espresso into each mug, added a shot and a half of Bailies to one and powdered butter toffee to the other, and then filled the mugs with the thickest hot chocolate Sherlock had ever seen. The mugs were topped with marshmallow fluff, the spoons were dipped into a small fondue pot of warm dark chocolate ganache then drizzled over top and added to the mugs. The tops were dusted with cocoa powder for his, and more crushed toffee for Lestrade's, and finally a crunchy chocolate chip biscuit was set into the marshmallow fluff and the drinks were set before them. He hadn't even tasted it yet and Sherlock already knew he was going to love it. He wasn't disappointed. The flavors blended wonderfully, a fantastic hot chocolate and marshmallow taste with that rich underlying flavor of well brewed coffee, and the Irish cream added just enough of a kick without being overpowering. There was even a hint of butter flavor coming from somewhere. By the way Lestrade seemed to be trying to maintain his composure and not propose immediately to either John or his drink, he concluded the Detective Inspector was enjoying his drink just as much.
Sherringford took John on a tour of the house afterward. The main house they were in had over a hundred rooms not including servants quarters, which were in an outbuilding attached to the back of the house. There were four libraries and three ballrooms, including a grand ballroom, music room, conservatory, dens, and parlors, galleries and drawing rooms. He hadn't even been there a day and he already knew it would take months to explore everything here properly without even touching the smaller guest houses nearby or the chapel with housing for a priest or vicar attached as well as the family cemetery. If he was Sherlock, he would have LOVED growing up here. They walked out to a pond with a very large tree beside the water.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his brows knit closely together. "At least let John change your bandages before you go."
“Yes,” John replied. “You jumped out of the window.”
Enjoy!
“Unlikely to be heavy traffic due to the weather and general despondency of the kingdom,” Sherlock replied absently, “and taking into account that we might acquire horses sometime in the next day or two, I’d wager anywhere from two to five days.”
Victor. Victor Trevor was in his sitting room. Dear God.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he chanted, his body shaking in their arms. “I should have protected him, I should have saved him I should have done-”
“The party’s at Sherlock’s flat?” John clarified. “The
“That can’t be right,” Sarah said. “The way he looks at you…”
John stiffened, his eyes widening as he met Mike's gaze.
There came a thunderous pounding at the door, and Irene stormed over to answer it. Another woman, much taller than Irene and much less put together (she wore sweatpants and mismatching socks), stood on the threshold, her arms crossed, a sour look cemented on her face.
“Absolutely not,” John replied. “I’ll see to it that you’re ranked correctly.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. He had never
Blushing, Soo Lin took Sarah’s hand in her own. “My wife is too kind to me.”
Even John’s eyes were wide. Sherlock hated it. He hated what he was doing. But he couldn’t let them take John.
“You said you’ve been looking for me,” Sherlock blurted. “You never answered why.”
The boy’s eyes widened, and he shook his head furiously.
“I don’t consider attempted murder a game,” the prince replied, “though I find it interesting that you do.”
“I thought so,” Sherlock said, nodding slowly. “Let her go, John.”
“No. It wouldn’t be a challenge. This is all meant to be fun for him. It’s a game.”
that pub crawl?” Sherlock asked, moving his feet so John could sit down. “I wouldn’t say it went well, as your reluctance to even mention your brother suggests.”
Sherlock collided with something much harder than snow and much less pointed than the top of a tree. His eyes slowly fluttered open, and he let out a surprised yelp.
Irene watched quietly as the tiger jumped from the shadows, spooking the horses and their riders. Sherlock’s body hit the hard ground, his head cracking against grey cobblestone. Irene staggered back, hand over her mouth, before making her way closer to the fight breaking out before her.
“I’ll get out of here myself, then,” Sherlock snapped, “and then I’ll kill Moriarty.”
Sherlock grinned down at her, shrugged at John, and dashed off to the kitchen. John smiled after him, content.
Sherlock trailed off, his face warm. John was grinning, his eyes bright.
“Likewise.”
John wanted to kill him.
Maybe
a singles’ party) kept mostly to themselves in the corner, whispering to each other and smiling like idiots. Well, at least
The dragon let out a dignified huff.
“I won’t sit here and listen to you if you won’t help me escape!” Sherlock yelled. His throat ached. “You just put me here because you couldn’t protect him and now he’s
“You cock. You stupid, stupid
And then Sherlock had blacked out.
“Your bath, Your Highness.”
Sherlock stared back at him, his jeans around his knees and his mouth open.
Sherlock shook his head. "Diplomacy is much too important for that, John."
“You’re good with kids,” he accused. “You
where you’re… oh.”
“What was
The girl cocked her head. “Who?”
The pair of them walked in comfortable silence for another hour. John wondered if they should set up camp for the night, but Sherlock showed no intention of slowing down or stopping. Diligently, the prince walked on, even as John lagged behind him.
"Sherlock?
daft.”
He stumbled out of bed wiped his face with a cloth left by his wash basin. Once his face and hair were mostly dry, the prince raised his head to gaze in the mirror and let out a wordless scream.
“That explains the huge boom I heard in here earlier.”
“Ah, nothing important,” Greg assured, dismissing Mycroft’s embarrassment with a wave of his hand. “Let’s get you to the castle, yeah? Curse may be broken, but I don’t think Moriarty’s quite finished yet. Your brother-”
“Riley, find the other parties and tell them we’ve found Prince William,” said their leader, cautiously stepping forward. “Prince William, Your Highness-”
Sherlock's eyes were wide open, and he stared at Irene as if seeing her for the first time. The woman swallowed nervously, wishing she had something - anything - to say.
“Conversations? Barely.”
Siger was familiar with his middle son’s propensity for panic attacks; when Sherlock was a child, he’d had one nearly every week. Siger couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen Sherlock so worked up.
John shot him an incredulous look. They weren't going to be discreet, then. The guard's eyes widened, and he shook his head.
“Scars can tell very interesting stories, you know. For example, you were shot with an arrow, most likely poisoned, and I can tell that from the discoloration of your skin around the entry point.”
clever. You
“Almost always,” insisted Sherlock. “It’s dreadfully easy, but I’m afraid I can’t explain how to do it.”
“Completely. No, I can’t be in love. It’s not possible. I’ve talked to him four
“A game.”
“You forgetful old hag,” Sarah teased, no trace of unkindness in her voice, “is it in your other pocket?”
“What are you doing?”
to be?”
It was possible that John had just made a very grave mistake.
“Yeah,
"Our son is in Piccadilly with his wife," Sarah said, pushing an olive past her rose-painted lips. "I wish he could have been here to meet you, Sherlock. I think you would've liked him."
Under their feet, the dirt road turned to cobblestone, and the snow slowly thinned until it was no more. Grey stone buildings rose up like trees on either side of them, their windows dark and doors shut tight. There was no movement from any house, street, or back alley as John and Sherlock wandered the town, their shoes making hollow sounds against the cobblestone roads.
“I woke up almost two months ago,” Sherlock replied, his voice muffled against Siger’s chest. “Mycroft’s been awake the whole time, watching over me.”
“No.”
“You’re not helping.”
Enjoy!
This took me forever to write because I'm super lazy and went on vacation and didn't have a lot of direction but! Here it is. Hope you liked it.
John glanced at the prince only to find him focused entirely on the pair of women settling in on the thrones provided for them.
The next two women are much the same, except their arrows had pierced their heart and forehead, respectively. The man, the first to die, had been hit in the stomach.
at their tardiness.)
Magic swirled around Moriarty for just a moment before closing around Sherlock’s ankles and wrists. He yelped as he toppled to the floor, his head cracking against polished marble.
“Sher- Is that a binder?”
“You work for someone,” the prince replied easily.
“Same to you, Mummy,” Mycroft replied. Gingerly, he put his arms around Violet, who had thrown herself over him in joy. “It’s been a very long time.”
he’s never gonna ask you out, and if you don’t ask
plan?”
“Is that all you can say?”
Perhaps Irene was unlucky to be caught up with kind men.
With every passing day, the window looked more and more appealing.
setting me up with Sherlock Holmes.”
the bed to search for a door or weakness in the stone, the prince reluctantly gave up hope. He stood still in the middle of the room, his eyes closed, wondering how in the world he was going to escape.
John rolled his eyes. “Get dressed, would you? I’m starving.”
John felt his face burn, even though Sherlock was only parroting John’s words back to him. His ears and cheeks were surely bright red, and he could only hope that Sherlock would attribute his change in complexion to the exposure to cold air.
Sherlock crowded him up against the wall, bodies pressed together, Sherlock’s mouth on John’s neck. John’s heart beat wildly, and he wasn’t sure if it was because of their proximity or the panic crackling through his bones as Sherlock’s nimble (cold) fingers found their way under his shirt. Those fingers continued roaming over John’s stomach and chest as Sherlock’s mouth met his own. The familiarity comforted him, and they kissed slowly, softly, until Sherlock parted his lips. John took the liberty of swiping his tongue over Sherlock’s bottom lip, which caused the prince to shiver against him. Sherlock broke away to divest John of his shirt.
you think?” John replied, smiling softly. “That long?”
Imagine the things she could do then.
The King opened his mouth to speak when Sherlock cut him off.
Mycroft nodded and exited the ballroom; it felt like all air was sucked out of Siger’s lungs. He would need to get over that, he thought absently. They couldn’t spend the rest of their lives being watched over by their father.
Suddenly, the bottle that had been in Harry’s hands shattered on the wall next to him. John flinched and stared blankly at the shards of glass littering the floor.
“I was. I guess it helped that you weren’t
His youngest son was head.
If you didn't know, familiars are like witches' companions. They can change shape (according to the witch's whim, mostly) and serve the witch for life.
John stood frozen in the doorway, his blue eyes wide and his face bright red.
The woman gave him a stern look. “I know you won’t hurt him,” she said. “Just take care of him, all right?”
“You thought she was on your side? After one day of knowing each other?”
want to sound clever? Sherlock! Pot and kettle!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The dragon arched a scaly eyebrow, and Sherlock let out a disbelieving scoff.
“His health?”
ductions.
As the wood finally gave way, Sherlock fell backwards, tumbling unattractively to the floor. He hissed as he examined the splinters embedded in his skin.
“This conversation’s going to take hours at this rate,” Sherlock replied jovially. “At least you can’t talk over me anymore, right, Mycroft?”
Thank you to everyone who left comments, especially those of encouragement when I announced the mini-hiatus. I'm sad it's over, but I'm glad it's finished. I hope you all have enjoyed reading it more than I've enjoyed writing it.
“Anywhere else I should see?”
“John? I’m sorry, John, I didn’t think-”
Irene rolled her eyes as Mike appeared in the doorway, a small box of lightbulbs in his arms. Sherlock frowned at the sight; he turned to look past Mike and into the sitting room, sighing as he realized what Irene had done.
Harry narrowed her eyes and followed him into the pantry. “You know I’ve never been able to control Magic.”
“Medicine cabinet in the loo,” John replied. “Almost didn’t see it what with all of Irene’s hair product taking up so much space.”
“A bath,” he sighed. “You need a bath.”
Enjoy!
“What?”
Irene pleaded, her jaw set.
I'm working on an original short story for a scholarship that's due on May 15; it kind of takes precedence over this fanfic. Thanks for understanding :)
John may not have had an opportunity to unsheath his sword, but the same was not to be said of Sherlock. The prince drew his dagger and turned on his attacker, grabbing her by the waist and resting the edge of his blade at her throat.
If you can find any mistakes and care enough to tell me, please feel free to do so!
“Packing,” he answered simply. “I think I’ll need more arrows.”
It was terrible.
It was a blessing.
clever.”
"What?"
“Fuck you, Sherlock Holmes,” the girl replied dispassionately, her heels clicking irritatingly on the wood floors. “Get your own damn milk. We’re
~*~*~
~*~*~
Sherlock blushed high on his cheekbones. “Oh, well, you-”
John’s eyes widened, and he bolted out of bed, climbing over Sherlock in the process. The prince frowned. No good morning kiss?
Moriarty’s wicked grin twisted into a snarl, and he screamed one more time,
Sherlock took a deep breath and steepled his fingers underneath his chin.
“Mummy, there- if the name ‘John Watson’ appears on the list of the deceased… keep it from Sherlock. It wouldn’t do him any good to hear of it.”
you, John. It doesn’t like me.”
“I don’t blame him,” Irene replied. “I mean, I’m gay, but I’m not blind.”
The four were silent, regarding each other warily. Sherlock found it all very tedious.
Sherlock scoffed. “It’s because you fancy her, don’t you?”
“The one I met?”
Of course, it wouldn’t matter what he wore when he was finally in his parents’ arms, as long as it actually covered him. Mycroft had just pulled on a pair of trousers when he noticed it.
“It’s Greg,” John whispered, his eyebrows furrowed.
Leave a comment or kudos if you think it's not completely terrible. :)
"Yeah," John replied. "Yeah, okay. We'll, ah… we'll do that, then."
The prince's face turned a dusty pink as he realized what the guard had suggested.
John stared up at the tree he’d huddled under, wondering absently if he’d have to suffer nightmares out in the cold. It was so unlike Afghanistan, with its blistering heat and sand and sun, that John saw no reason he’d transport himself back there in weather like this.
“John,
“Why couldn’t you just let me
“Not far from here,” John replied as he folded a change of clothes. “St. Bart’s tower. And then, I assume, to London.”
Sherlock recoiled, and John bit his tongue.
Please leave a kudos or a comment if you liked this chapter. It would make my day, and it helps motivate me :)
“That’s brilliant,” John exclaimed, hating himself for breaking the silence. “Is that what you told him earlier?”
~*~*~
He had done more than enough damage.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I can take care of it myself."
Irene grabbed his attention.
“Nonsense. I’ve already done it. It’s in Greg’s room.”
of course, that’s you.”
Thanks so much for reading!! Leave kudos or a comment if you liked it, didn't like it, or have any suggestions. I'd love to hear them!
John nodded, already beginning to pack their bags.
“There’s nothing wrong with having a scar,” Sherlock continued. “Plenty of people have scars. I’ll have scars on my hand and on my leg and on my chest once those fully heal. Those are only because you healed me.”
“You can sleep there tonight. We won’t try to kill each other. In the morning we’ll get packed and go our separate ways. Sound like a deal?”
The knight grinned. Sherlock could kiss him. It was an interesting thought, and one that would definitely be reexamined later.
Sherlock,” Mycroft scoffed. “A science microwave?”
“John,” Irene snapped, her voice thin. “Let me do this. Make sure he’s safe.”
Sherlock stuttered and cried about his brothers for a few more minutes, eventually falling silent, tears drying, body shaking in his father’s arms. Siger let out a tired sigh.
"I don't know," John admitted. "The first time I was here, it was for deployment, so I don't know much about how everything works around here."
Greg grinned, and a blush formed high on his cheeks. “I couldn’t very well let you go traipsing around without any clothes, could I?”
Just then, Sherlock’s legs gave out, and he landed back on the bed with a displeased huff.
“Says who?” demanded the woman, her dark eyes narrowed. “You’re lying. I know it.” She turned on John. “And you! You don’t have anything to add?”
The little girl nodded, her dark eyes wide. She pulled a floral square of fabric out of her pocket and shyly offered it to Sherlock. The prince took it graciously and gently wiped the tears from her face. The girl smiled brightly, hugged Sherlock, and scampered away.
John nodded. “All right. That’s… Shouldn’t the King and Queen do something?”
“Sherlock, don’t,” John breathed. He hoped he’d injected enough concern into those words to make his point clear. His stomach plummeted when he heard Sherlock’s response.
Sherlock’s chest tightened at Greg’s use of the title.
“Well, I’m not dead,” John argued. He ignored Harry’s glare. “Plus, I can’t come back any worse than I am now.”
“Hello?” the woman prompted. “My brother asked you some questions.”
at a ball. Why would I bring my sword?”
"Is it always this busy?" Sherlock asked.
me!” She gasped, raising a hand to her chest. “Oh, and I tried so hard to stop you, but you were just so
Longer chapter this update!
Slowly, Sherlock relaxed into the sofa, and John let out a huge sigh of relief.
“I know Aline,” John muttered. “I do remember living here, you know.”
“No,” John agreed. “No, it’s not. Do you want to go take a look?”
As John berated the young thieves, Sherlock comforted the girl.
“Is it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock grew more and more tense as the pair walked on. He felt his shoulders stiffen, his back grow rigid, and his palms start to sweat.
Rosalie squinted at him, obviously considering his words.
“Ah-ah, Sherlock, it’s not fair,” Moriarty warned. His friendly smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Two against one. It has to be fair.”
Did you think I was gonna forget about the beautiful and under-appreciated Stella Hopkins? You were wrong. Mofftiss was wrong. BBC was wrong. Give Stella the screen time she deserves, damn it!
John’s laugh. He’d only heard it a few times, but it’d been enough. “Sorry we’re so early.”
for you. Much different. I just wanted to talk to you.”
Violet tore herself from Siger’s arms and reached towards Sherlock, stumbling on her fine dress. Sherlock ran towards them, collapsing as they hugged him tight.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock interrupted, his eyes closed, “once is enough. Just call me Sherlock, both of you. You don’t happen to have an extra bed, do you?”
. “I tried to find you, but I didn’t want to accidentally trespass and discover kingdom secrets or something. And everything’s so posh here. I’m seriously fighting the impulse to steal an ashtray.”
Had Sherlock been granted more time to think as he fell a hundred feet to his death, his thoughts might have wandered to the family he’d failed to save, the citizens he’d led to certain death, the knight he’d kissed much too little. He might have laughed, even, as he recalled a similar occurrence so far away and so very, very long ago. But, as it turns out, the prince had very little time to reflect on his (agonizingly dull) life after Magic forced him out the window.
Sherlock didn’t have the skill set to name the emotions running through him. He thought John might have a clue where to start, so he tried to articulate like the knight would.
Sherlock scoffed. “Just watch. I can be out of here anytime I like.”
“Clever,” he replied. “So you know who I am.”
“If the time isn’t right by the night of the party, you’ve got to ask him then. All right?”
start, what with barging into Sherlock's room whilst he was changing and all. While he really wasn't opposed to seeing Sherlock half-dressed, he would've liked to do it with the other man's consent. And he’d startled Sherlock so horribly that the taller man had hit his head on the edge of a dresser. John had tried to check for a concussion, but he’d been reminded that Sherlock was only wearing pants.
“If you haven’t noticed, I’m cross with you,” replied Sherlock. “I’m going to die up here, you know, and it’ll be your fault.”
Two gashes in the shape of an
John had never seen a man so emotionally wrecked as Mike looked then.
“Nonsense,” he replied instantly. “What changed?”
“But you were never tempted. Neither was Sarah. What makes you two different from the rest?”
Irene narrowed her eyes at Sherlock, and he stared back unapologetically.
She could no longer feel Moriarty's song calling her home.
Sherlock’s feet seemed to be stuck to the floor, and he watched silently as Molly stepped into the mirror and disappeared.
“Ah, I’m… sorry. We can’t let you leave.”
The prince shook his head. “I don’t believe in luck.”
The young prince watched silently as Mycroft turned away and disappeared into the dense forest. Absently, Sherlock wondered how Mycroft could fit comfortably through the trees.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Soo Lin breathed, her wrinkled face brightening. “You’re
I'm still a little behind on writing, but for now, the schedule will stay the same with a new chapter every 2 weeks.
It was like waking up. Violet blinked owlishly, slowly taking in her surroundings. She was in the ballroom, wearing a gown of blue silk made for her middle son’s eighteenth birthday. The ballroom was in ruins, embellished curtains and sashes strewn about the polished marble floor, tables and chairs overturned, one wall of windows completely shattered. A lonely, shattered mirror stood next to the thrones at the head of the ballroom. Next to it lay a little pile of broken stone.
things, John?”
"Oh."
not come back at all.”
“Thank God,” Rosalie murmured.
Well, that’s what he’d tried to do. Sherlock had forgotten that his legs were still caught up in his jeans and tumbled to the ground, smacking the back of his head on the bedside table. It was much more cluttered in his room than usual, what with Irene wanting the flat to look nice for her party, and Sherlock landed on a pile of books he’d only put there this morning.
“He was more upset that Irene had punched him than about his nose,” Sherlock added. “Didn’t like to think he was beaten by a girl. Terribly old-fashioned way of thinking, really. Irene could take me in a fight any day.”
“Yeah?”
“Your name?”
"No," Irene replied. "The two of you... I don't want to get in the way of that."
The prince shrugged. “His armor was scratched.”
“How can you know?” Shan asked innocently, her eyes wide and lips pouting. She stepped towards him again, unrelenting, until John’s back was against the wall. “Don’t you ever wonder if he’s lying to you?”
The woman turned as Sherlock called her name, and they locked eyes.
“A dream? Johnny!”
“It’s that little
Another laugh. “You madman, We’re in all sorts of shit right now, you know.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “The dragon. His name is Mycroft.”
“You’ve barely eaten, Myc, you’re too thin! Look at those clothes! What were you thinking, not taking care of yourself?” she questioned. “And what happened to you? Have you been in a fight? Are you hurt?”
For herself.
“Fine, fine. I’m not into blokes. But it's a singles party. You're recently single and could use something to do. You don’t do anything but study.”
“All right,” he cautioned, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. He pursed his lips and opened his mouth to speak again, but John cut him off.
John froze, the King’s words stunning him into silence. He didn’t really have an answer.
"You're leaving," he said, his voice dull. "You don't have to."
“The lost princes?” Sherlock cut in. At the sound of his voice, John relaxed, sinking into the offered chair with a relieved sigh. “The ones who lived here years ago?”
Instead, it began to tap on the stone tower with one huge claw.
“Get me out of here,” Sherlock insisted.
“And you think the prince is real?”
“Considering that everyone who’s tried to rescue him before is dead or missing, no, not really.”
“I’m sorry?”
Irene grinned. “You won’t.”
“No.”
John interrupted. “You don’t
“Maybe you say that, but… babe, you sulked for three days because you embarrassed yourself in front of him.”
The man grinned. “No worries, mate. We’ll preserve your modesty yet.”
“-get going, and you’re late for your brother’s party, aren’t you? Even though you don’t really want to go. Family, and all that. Pub might not be the best idea, though, considering the circumstances. At least his girlfriend’ll be there, so it won’t be all bad.”
“Yeah, but wasn’t he… like you?”
“Probably won’t be able to see anything through his hair,” Irene called.
“I- What-”
“Never,” John replied, gently pushing Shan away from him. She pouted, her heated gaze contradicting her innocent demeanor. “Was there something you wanted from me, Your Highness?”
Farthest from the window was the bed Sherlock had just left. Next to that was a rickety old dresser that had definitely seen better days. A cursory look inside revealed a pair of sturdy work boots. The rest of the furniture included a small dining table, a chair, a sparsely stocked bookshelf, and a tall mirror hanging on the wall. There were two more  unboarded windows, smaller than the one Sherlock had just opened up. The light let in from those windows was infinitesimal, and only the smallest creature would be able to fit through them. They looked less like windows and more like missing stones.
I don't usually write smut (because reasons), but I was wondering what anybody reading this might think about including it in this fic. Yay or nay?
“I like it,” Sherlock said quietly, loud enough for only Irene to hear.
“So, you’re married now,” he said.
The prince didn’t say a word as he entered the house, leaving the other man in the kitchen in favor of searching for a closet. He found one in a bedroom on the second floor, and he picked through the clothes carefully, none of it quite meeting his standards.
faces in Sherlock’s mirror. The problem was that one of them wasn’t his.
Sherlock knelt next to him. The prince’s eyes were locked on Moriarty, but his hands were gentle as they patted John over, searching for wounds where there were none. Magic, it seemed, had left a parting gift.
“I won’t be back for a while,” she said. “I’ll pop in every now and then, I think, to check on you, but don’t expect me back too soon, all right?”
But that's what he did. John tore the arrows from the bodies he'd slain, nearly gagging as blood oozed out of the wounds.
“Yeah. You know what I mean. With those deductions and logic and all that.”
“Pardon?”
John wanted to die. What kind of question was that? How stupid do you have to be to just blurt that out? It wasn't as if he hadn't seen the little blue, pink, and white flag pinned to Sherlock's wall between a periodic table and a bee poster. He'd known. He just hadn't…
“For good reason. And it’s true, isn’t it?”
Sherlock corrected. He narrowed his eyes at the party, frowning. “Sarah, why did you put the spinach dip in the science microwave?”
kiss me, you know.”
Push. “For God’s sake, man, shut the hell up and
John frowned at himself, wondered when he’d become so gloomy, turned to Sherlock, and asked, “You all right?”
Sherlock’s laugh was contagious, and his smile was perfect, lighting up his whole face like Christmas. (John dabbled a bit in writing in his free time; he knew many adjectives, and none of them really encapsulated exactly how
Until then, John had considered Sherlock as good as dead. No one could survive a fall from that height. Until then, John had been ready to die fighting Moriarty. Until then, he hadn’t thought of Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re not tracking anyone tonight,” John said. “We’re all going to bed. Tomorrow, we’ll explore our options.” Sherlock pouted, and John shook his head. “You’ll wear yourself out if you don’t rest.”
There was another, louder
While he was at it, he could ask for a few more blankets. It was getting unbearably cold, after all, and he needed
“You’re a bad man.”
“All right,” John acquiesced. “It’s just that he’s getting into a bit of a row with Irene. Victor, I mean. Won’t tell anyone how he knows you. I-”
“Bring me back to Moriarty,” he demanded, his brow furrowed. “I’m not running up those stairs if
“Such a sweet little pet, Sherlock,” Moriarty croaked, gaining their attention. “I had some of my own, but none so clever as your little knight.”
“Thank God,” Sherlock muttered. He didn’t move from his spot on the sofa. “How would your mother feel if you’d married a homosexual?”
They found the child only a block away, sobbing messily while a little boy (joined by two friends) dangled a cloth doll in front of her face. John’s body slowly relaxed as he took in the scene. Sherlock watched in fascination as John stomped over to the little boy and demanded he return the doll. The girl stopped her crying once she got her hands back on her toy, and John quickly turned to the boys.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, his voice strained. “I’m perfect. Just- Just a minute!”
“Sherlock, please help!” the voice cried, becoming more frantic with each outburst.
“Ford?” the prince breathed, his eyes darting around the empty ballroom. “Sherrinford!”
“There you go,” Sherlock encouraged. “That was funny.”
“I know it’s fine,” he replied. “I don’t-” Sherlock lowered his voice, embarrassed. “I don’t particularly like the idea of going back out there, but I
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Irene, everyone in this room is queer except Mike!”
“Your Highness,” Kitty interrupted, “the bath.”
“And Magic seems to want me to go, so I figured it might not be so bad to listen to it,” John reasoned, getting to his feet. “You can feel it too, right?”
“Don’t apologize,” Sherlock replied easily. “It’s Irene’s fault, anyway.”
“Will you ever stop your matchmaking?” Siger asked, taking his wife’s hand as they left the ballroom. “They’re grown men.”
“That can’t be good,” John noted. Sherlock’s face was pale.
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s only here because he’s kind. He wouldn’t… John doesn’t like men.”
Within minutes, Irene’s bodice was soaked through with blood, the blue fabric stained dark, dark red. The bleeding ebbed, and Irene wiped away the rest of the blood. There it was, unharmed and carved plain as day into her skin:
“I’m trying! I’m trying to get to you!”
"So, how are you feeling?"
“Yeah, it was!” the man agreed. “Brilliant, I mean. Wow. That was right. All of it!”
“How’s your leg?” he asked.
“Well, we’re throwing a party,” Irene snapped. “Where else would he be?”
Thanks for reading, as always!
“So I’m a romantic interest now?” the blond teased.
, he thought.
“Oh. The dragon. Yes, he does.”
Mycroft cocked his head. “Yes. Prince William.”
Greg pursed his lips and scrubbed his face, and Sherlock waited.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, that’s it.”
them.”
I've upped the posting speed because I really need to get in gear and finish this.
The King glowered at the old woman, his lips twisting into a sneer.
Lust transformed quickly into embarrassment as the prince remembered that John had already seen him mostly naked; there really was no comparing Sherlock’s pale, scrawny little body with John’s.
“I thought that would be fairly obvious by now,” Irene replied. John almost laughed. “You should go after Sherlock. I can do this.”
“Or just one Moriarty.”
It was just John’s luck that it began to snow only hours after he’d started his journey. The sky was almost completely white, and John couldn’t see more than three feet in front of him. He kept moving, trudging through the snow diligently, one hand raised to shield his eyes.
Slowly, he folded his hands in his lap. His father had tried to instill in him proper manners before they began to host those terrible matchmaking parties, but Sherlock had never quite gotten the hang of it.
Mike sighed. “I guess that would make sense if you weren’t bloody perfect for each other.”
Maybe Sherlock was more exhausted than he’d thought.
John’s chest was heaving, his breath coming to him in short, quick gasps. Without more than a moment of hesitation (he only had to catch his breath), he threw open the doors to the tower.
It’s all very dull. Unfortunately, it is necessary.”
“Yes,” John replied. “He’s not happy.”
“What?”
“Okay, can we please not do this right now?” John asked, stepping between the flatmates, holding his arms out in a grand gesture of peace. “I think we should get rid of the microwave before we place blame on anyone. Call 999 to dispose of it, if you want. Just… wait until it’s gone.”
“Moriarty,” Sherlock hissed. “He put me in here, didn’t he?”
Irene stared up at Sherlock, unimpressed.
“It dawned on me, just downstairs, that you might’ve been the dragon I saw flying about out there,” the man said, stepping hesitantly into the room. “I haven’t seen you before, and I know almost every person out there. The dragon disappears, and I find an unfamiliar man without clothes hiding between houses, and it takes me a while to put it together because I’ll be the first to admit I’m not a genius. But I’m not an idiot, is the thing. So either I’m wrong and you’re just a bloke out for a stroll in the nude, or I’m right and you’re the dragon, which makes you the crown prince. Doesn’t it?”
It didn't look like Mycroft was coming back anytime soon, so Sherlock chose one of the books from the shelf and curled up in bed, casting a wary glance at the face in his mirror.
Silence.
Instead, John had set himself up with a roll of parchment, a quill and ink, and a semicircle of half-used candles. He tore his eyes away from the door and began to write a letter to his sister. He’d been lucky so far, surviving Afghanistan and the trek to St. Bart’s Tower and his run-in with the King, and he wasn’t sure he’d survive the attack on London. Even if Harry made him angry and annoyed him with her drinking and hated his guts, John didn’t want their relationship to end on bad terms.
John grinned. “What’s number three?”
The man’s jaw dropped, his eyes wide. Sherlock nearly scoffed. Tedious.
Irene nodded decisively. “Good. That’s good.”
“Go!”
“You half-witted
John hesitated. They both knew Sherlock wouldn't need help with his bath, but neither said a thing.
in fact, and this is my partner Sir John Watson of Northumberland. I’m here to kill Moriarty and save my parents and you by association, it seems. John is here to make sure I don’t kill myself while I’m at it.”
“I've been to London while you were away,” the other man interrupted. “I've seen the tower, and I've seen the East Wind.”
The prince nodded.
Irene nodded slowly as Sherlock let out a long, put-out sigh.
She moved behind and around a few houses, her weapon raised, waiting. Sherlock’s voice was clear as he spoke, and she could hear every word Mary said in reply.
ways does.”
John clenched his fists and closed his eyes and thanked his lucky stars for the change in conversation.
John swallowed hard, grabbed his bag, and slung his quiver over his shoulder.
“I’m here,” Sherlock called, searching for his brother behind every curtain, corner, and column he could manage. “Where are you?”
Surprise!!!
Irene was nothing if not determined.
“Hm? Oh, yes. They don’t like me.”
“Sherlock?” the woman asked again.
“No, no!” John refused. “Sherlock and I can take the cot. Right, Sherlock?”
“Your father is right,” Violet agreed. “We will take care of everything from here. You boys deserve a rest and something hot to eat. While the kitchens are being repaired, we only have the former. I suggest you take advantage of your resting period.”
“Hey, we can help you out if you need it,” Mike suggested.
“Hello!” the man sang, a smile spreading across his face. “Welcome
The blond gestured to Sherlock’s head. “Can I-? Um.”
"I- I remember the King of Northumberland. He was a good friend of my parents; his wife and daughter were always kind to me. His son was not."
“Oh, come off it,” Irene scolded, shoving Sherlock’s legs off the sofa in order to sit. “You love to be complimented. S’why your head’s so big.” Sherlock elected to ignore her, instead shifting further into the sofa cushions, closing his eyes and sighing in content. He could hear Irene’s scowl in her voice. “Don’t sound so pleased over there, Sherlock. I’ve got a surprise for you.”
“If you had helped me or actually been ready, you-!”
John prayed.
“You kept Sherlock safe,” Siger interrupted. “None of us could have saved Sherrinford. It hurts to say it, but it's true. We couldn't have stopped that witch, couldn’t have changed his mind. You and Sherlock did nothing wrong.”
“Help me,” the prince gasped, his deep voice hoarse. “God, please, help me!”
"Did you find the soap?" John asked, feeling like an utter tit.
Then, the anger. Oh, the
There were four magpies dead in the snow. Four of them. John tried not to think about what that meant. Instead, the knight nocked another arrow, aiming carefully at the last retreating magpie.
Sherlock scoffed, but he still shifted so John could reach him better. John worked the soap through Sherlock’s curls, gently tugging out knots as he went. Sherlock let out a quiet sigh as his shoulders relaxed, and John smiled to himself.
The man shrugged and settled down next to John, taking Sherlock’s seat and reclining as if he owned the place.
the blond man he was so enamored with, make his excuses, and lock himself in his room again. Maybe he’d stay out long enough to grab some sweets.
John sat up in bed, panting, covered in sweat. He shivered in the darkness of his sister’s freezing attic, drawing his knees up to his chest and burying his face in his hands. Fat tears rolled down John’s cheeks, and he curled up in a ball on his side, clutching his pillow tightly to his chest. He let out a pathetic whine.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as Irene approached him. “Two men hit on you in quick succession. You rejected them both. I don’t know why we play this game every week; you always lose. My cashier wouldn’t stop complimenting me as if she thought her opinions actually meant anything to me.”
The dragon blinked at him, apparently not in the mood to answer dull questions. Sherlock sighed, exasperated, and ran a hand through his hair, which he immediately realized was a grave mistake.
“Care to explain what that was?” she demanded.
“And you think, because Magic likes you, you’re safe?”
“It might get infected.”
“Mary,” was all he said, the word spit out like poison.
“It’s me! It’s Mike,” said the man. “Mike Stamford. We used to play soldiers before you went off to war. You were the only one with the guts to do it!”
That being said, please leave a comment or kudos if you liked it!
Zhi Zhu would help Sherlock defeat Moriarty. Tomorrow they would strategize, make a definitive plan, and gain the trust of their new allies. Carriages and wagons full of supplies would pour into London, Northumberland's army following close behind, weapons at the ready. Sherlock would see his parents again, and Mycroft - and he'd force Moriarty to change them back. The witch would change them back, and then Sherlock would kill him for what he did to Sherrinford, slowly and painfully.
“We’re the lucky ones. You’re lucky too, Sherlock. Believe me.”
“I’m in quite a bit of a hurry,” he prompted, and the man motioned for him to follow.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock. You have to get up sometime.” Irene paused, worrying at her lower lip. “You’re not…”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and rose up on his hind legs, bracing himself on Sherlock’s tower. Reflexively, Sherlock backed away from the window, scowling at his older brother. Just to prove that he wasn’t totally put off by his older brother’s display, Sherlock clambered onto the windowsill and let his legs dangle freely over the edge, an apple in hand.
and you pinned me down, and how was I supposed to fight back?”
“Neither am I!” John laughed. “I know what you’re doing, Mike, and I’m not falling for it. If I’ve told you once, I’ve told you a hundred times: You’re
"Van Coon," the fat guard hissed again, "we should let 'em in, right?"
Ultimately, the knight decided against it. He would take was he was given, but he wouldn’t risk asking for more. He couldn’t lose Sherlock now, not when their time together was drawing to its inevitable close.
He lost track of how long they sat there, Moriarty’s corpse still bleeding only inches from them. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, sweaty and sticky with blood.
*eternal screaming*
The prince frowned softly. “I’m seventy-four.”
“Unlikely,” he told himself. “More like the person she’s
“Don’t be rude.”
“Can’t it wait until I’m dressed?” Sherlock replied, gingerly prodding at the bump forming on his skull. “It’s not bleeding. You should go ask Irene for some ice.”
Sherlock lit up and began explaining every last detail of his experiment to John, gesturing wildly with his hands. John listened intently, watching amusedly as Sherlock nearly tumbled off the bed for force of his gesturing. As hard as he tried (and he
and someone has to pay for it!”
“Pretty much,” John replied. “Sh- Prince William and I will scout ahead and get into the castle somehow - distract Moriarty, disarm him if we can.”
The girl shrugged. “Is that all?” she repeated.
“No!” Sherlock blurted, his face paler than usual. “No, Mycroft’s my- He’s my older brother. God. I’m glaring at him like I hate him because I hate him.”
Either way, Sherlock wouldn’t be able to avoid him at the party tomorrow night.
They sat there, tucked into their corner booth with a full open view of the entire place, and together they went over the days' agenda, full of conference calls, ambassadors, and envoys, Mycroft also had a few political wildfires to try and put out and twice as many strings to pull. It was going to be an exceedingly long day, probably fourteen hours minimum, that's why he was coming here now instead of whenever he had a chance to take a break, or at the end of the day. He doubted that John, kind and temperate though he was, was willing to stay open till eleven just for him so he could enjoy the rare peace and solidarity he found within these walls.
Sherlock had wanted to speak, say something, anything, but his throat had felt choked up and he completely forgot every word in his massive vocabulary. So he had kissed John instead, desperately wanting to tell him he was sorry in a hundred different ways, and to prove to him that there was no way he was a scared victim, and that John wasn't an abuser.
The arms are warm and safe and absolutely glorious around his shoulders. Sherlock buries his face into John's jumper and just breathes in the man's scent. This is it, this is what he loves most about his Noble Soldier, when the warmth from his hands and arms seeps through into his skin and he is surrounded with the scent of John. When he can feel all of that strength contained in a frame that shouldn't be able to hold a fraction of it, and that strength is holding onto him, it makes Sherlock feel invincible.
every way around.
Nervous didn't even begin to describe what he was feeling, trust Mycroft to just throw him into the deep end without warning. But present, yes, that was at least good, and he was looking smart in one of the suits Mycroft had provided for him. (How the man knew his measurements, John didn't want to know.) The estate was beautiful, and he could easily imagine a young Sherlock dashing about, avidly exploring every nook and cranny of the expansive lands until he knew it better than anyone else. One look at Mrs. Holmes and John couldn't have mistaken her for anyone except Sherlock's mother. Thin and willowy, with porcelain fair skin, high cheekbones, ice blue eyes, and a cascade of curly black ringlets, Sherlock was practically her male clone. The man beside her however, must strongly take after his father, the man was huge, easily over two meters tall, maybe even two and a quarter, burly and muscled and looked like he could toss around automobiles if it suited him to do so. Sherlock was considered strikingly beautiful, but Sherringford was classically handsome, the kind that swooning women wrote romance novels about. Sherringford Holmes could be a superhero without any issue. He had wavy sandy brown blond hair and a very strong, ruggedly handsome face with a square jaw and those same sharp eyes as his mother. John would have felt extremely intimidated by this man were it not for the fact that he was smiling warmly, and there was a girl no older than three or four perched upon his hip, dressed head to toe in pale pink and looking like a princess seated on a throne, and a slightly older boy, maybe about seven, holding his free hand and halfway hiding behind the large man.
Moriarty would kill her if she went back to him. She chose Sherlock over her master, over Mary. She chose Sherlock over all of them.
Sorry that this chapter's a little short! The ones I'm working on now are a little longer. Hopefully that trend will continue.
Confusion soon turned to anger, and Sherlock screamed out the window at the beast as it retreated into the forest.
“Sir John Watson,” the prince said. “He’s helping me get to London.”
“And we love and accept you, Mike,” piped Mary.
Silently, Mycroft opened his mouth. Sherlock nearly screamed. The dragon closed his mouth with a sharp
it was Morse code. Because
“You think?”
Victor had probably stopped by the flat because he assumed Sherlock would be alone, although how he knew where to find the flat was beyond Sherlock (especially in his current state). Last Valentine’s Day there had been drugs (so,
"It's on the dresser," Sherlock replied. "John, you don't- You know you don't have to… do anything you don't want to."
“No, it’s not,” Sherlock agreed. “Just across the hall. First door.”
what won’t work,
“Where are you? Help me!”
Sherlock shrugged. “There’s a town or two between. Cities. More farmland. There has to be a stable somewhere.”
Sorry for the extra wait!
Sherlock clenched his jaw, scrambled to his feet, and tore away the remaining wooden boards from the window. He stuck his head out the newly opened window, ignoring the way his stomach fell to his feet as he stared down. There were at least forty feet between the prince and the tops of the trees below him. He could barely see the ground through the snow-covered branches. Sherlock swallowed hard and backed hastily into the room, turning away from the window with a barely-contained shiver.
John frowned, but he pointed towards the empty bed.
“Right. So, we’ll split your troops into three sections. One infiltrates the kingdom from left, right, and center, and-”
“No you can’t!” John laughed.
“I never really help you, do I? It takes too much energy,” the woman complained. “Try to get your mind off John for once. Are you inviting Molly to the party?”
With that thought in his mind, Sherlock drifted off to sleep, curled on his side and clutching a pillow to his chest.
“Sherlock?” John asked through the door, knuckles rapping gently against the wood. “You all right in there? It’s been nearly twenty minutes. Um, Irene-”
Unlucky, maybe.
Irene blinked a few times, her red lips pulled into a little frown.
It hadn’t been the best way to start the evening, but John didn’t see how it could get any worse.
“I don’t think so. Do you want to know why?”
John knew without a doubt that his face was as red as the decorations on the wall. He laughed uncomfortably, cursing himself for making things so awkward not even a minute into their conversation.
John stared after the woman as she left for the door. He glanced over at Sherlock only to find the other man’s eyes fixed on him. Sherlock blushed faintly and looked away, embarrassed. John took a nervous swig of his beer before walking into the sitting room. Molly still occupied the seat next to Sherlock, so John struck up a conversation with Mike until all the guests had arrived half an hour later. (Irene was
If Sherlock was a little morose over breakfast, John didn’t push him, and the prince was grateful.
John frowned. “What was it supposed to be?”
“I’m already on it,” Molly called from the kitchen.
“I think you just want to sound clever.”
There are some things Magic cannot do, and some things it cannot change, no matter how hard it tries.
Sherlock cast him a sideways glance and said no more about the subject.
Finally! It took much too long for them to meet.
“What difference does it make if they're not dating when they
“Sherlock-!”
“Yes. You are a good man. Good men make the best leaders.”
and blew air from his nose. Sherlock gasped.
“And where do you think you’re going?” she shouted, her blue eyes flashing.
Sherlock turned to John with a smirk, but the knight couldn't find it in himself to smile back. The triumph on Sherlock's face vanished, and his mouth became a hard line.
John’s face reddened as well. “Oh! Well. I’ll just- put it back, then.”
feel it?”
Enjoy! :)
~*~*~
“Only because your brother dragged you out of the drug den you called a flat before you could!”
As Mary fell to the ground, John stared at Irene with wide eyes.
Sherlock stumbled to the window, where Mycroft remained, his forehead pressed to the stone wall of the tower.
Although Moriarty’s age had caught up with him, he still moved as if he were as young as John. His sword flew through the air, clashing against Sherlock’s, and John wasted no time joining the fight. It was some time before any one of them was hit; John gasped as Moriarty’s sword grazed his neck. Sherlock barely glanced at him. The prince fought with an intensity John hadn’t seen before; his brow was furrowed, bottom lip caught between his teeth, sword a blur in the air.
the prince spat, staring at John through narrowed eyes, daring the knight to challenge him.
“We’re in New Scotland,” Sherlock noted. John raised an eyebrow. “What? You didn’t memorize the map?”
“Most children are far more intelligent than their elders believe,” Sherlock replied plainly. “Their unflinching honesty is written off as rudeness, and their curiosity as trouble-making.”
The accused simply shrugged, popping more crisps in his mouth. “I’m fine with being the straight friend.”
The words did little to comfort him. Instead, John took a calming breath and turned away from the bodies, determined to find a way around them.
“Then I’ll go somewhere. Out.”
being alone,” Irene replied heatedly. “I bloody live with you, for God’s sake! If you wanted to be alone, Sherlock Holmes, you’d have moved out a long time ago. Now, you’re going to attend this party, and you’re going to enjoy yourself. Are we clear?”
“I dunno. I’ll just know.”
“Are you?” the blond asked, his deep blue eyes roaming concernedly around Sherlock’s face. They caught on his lips, and Sherlock flushed. “All right, I mean. That’s all I need to know.”
“Make it the right time.”
“One that can be avoided,” Sherlock said. “If you don’t care about others, they can’t hurt you.”
(‘Perfect’ was the right word for it.)
“Then what do you suggest?” the King asked, clearly irritated.
“All right, maybe we could
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
John stressed. “You-”
Sherlock confirmed. “We’ll have to think of some way to entertain ourselves. I’m a genius, and you’re reasonably clever, so it shouldn’t be that hard.”
“I know. I’ll kill him.”
Moriarty let out a wordless shout, his aging face turning red.
The prince spent the next two weeks spending his days staring at the face in the mirror. That, and collecting rainwater or melting snow, depending on what the weather was like. He didn’t eat, and he barely slept, and he was always cold. Sherlock tried to tell himself it was just transport, that none of it mattered, but he couldn’t ignore the way his stomach growled or the way he could see the bones in his fingers, pale skin stretched tightly over them.
“Helping. Isn’t that what you wanted me to do? Give me the soap.”
“Step away from him,” the knight ordered, narrowing his eyes at John. Apparently, the knight had selective hearing.
“Irene!” Sherlock called as the door to their flat slammed closed. “Did you pick up the milk?”
“Shut up for a minute!”
“Oh. I- You really think so?” Sherlock asked, inching closer to John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his cheeks still slightly pink.
Sherlock shook his head, and John let out a relieved breath.
Maybe if Sherlock stayed in the bathroom forever, he wouldn’t have to deal with his problems. But of course, life wouldn’t be so kind to him.
Moriarty’s song called to her one last time, and then there was silence.
Sherlock allowed a small smile to tug at his lips.
"You all right?" John asked, his hand ghosting over Sherlock's bicep.
"Let them in," he insisted. "Let them in. They- Lukis, let them-"
Feel free to point out my mistakes or inconsistencies; I'd appreciate the chance to fix them.
“We could hardly put it out here in their sitting room, John.”
"You should get in, then," Sherlock retorted, his teeth chattering. "Warm it up with me."
Sherlock only glared. “And John has more experience than you think.”
When the doors opened again, Violet began sobbing anew. Mycroft, looking thinner and more haggard than Siger had ever dared imagine, stalked into the ballroom, his head down.
The pair of them were still giggling softly as they crawled under the blanket the Lestrades had provided, wrapping their arms around each other and kissing sweetly until both of them drifted off to sleep.
Mike’s shoulders sagged, and he let out a dejected sigh.
Sherlock swallowed hard. “I’ll be fine,” he answered.
John startled as the heavy doors to the counsel room slammed shut, leaving the pair of them in silence. Sherlock said nothing as John admired the room in all its grandeur. The walls were high and the ceiling domed, accented with gold and rubies. A crystal chandelier hung from the center of the ceiling, the jewels sparkling with the light streaming in from the tall windows the side wall. Golden silk drapes hung elegantly from each window, each embroidered with swirling silver and bronze designs. The room was void of furniture save for the ornate thrones at the very end, six in total.
“We do have other things to do,” John said, his voice soft.
Crimson staining white skin and snow, violent stripes across the dead man’s face and a pool beneath his head.
“Certainly,” Mycroft replied. “You have my thanks. I am in your debt.”
“So you really told him his girlfriend was cheating on him?” John asked, grinning. “Served him right.”
Storms raged behind Irene’s silver eyes.
Hooves clattered against cobblestone as the prince rode towards the castle. It wasn’t long before blades were drawn and swords crashed together, metal against metal echoing down the road. Irene pulled her hood over her head and darted across the street when she was sure John and Mary wouldn’t see her.
John’s stomach twisted, and his mouth dropped open.
“Oh, God.”
Carefully (as to not wake John or the prince), Irene shed her blankets and tiptoed to the open window. She rested her hands on the windowsill, the wood rough on her thin fingers. She allowed herself one last look at the men behind her before she left them for good.
As the sun began to sink into the horizon, John realized that he might actually have to set up camp. He made a small fire, ate his nightly ration of dried meat and stale bread, and created a makeshift tent from two tarps and a tree. There was barely enough room for one person to fit comfortably, and a small part of John realized that its size might be a problem on the way back. On the way to London. Of course, John wouldn't force anything on the prince if it made him uncomfortable. If the prince didn't want to share shelter, which John was quickly realizing was the only option, as he didn't have supplies to make another one, then… well, John wouldn't sleep in the snow. He'd likely die that way.
Mike rolled his eyes, sighing dramatically
“Well, thank God that’s all over,” he declared, pushing himself to his feet. “We have to track Mary. She’ll lead us straight to Moriarty with none of the pesky finding our way through London business.”
“No, never useless,” John replied. “Why Greg’s room?”
“We can’t giggle! We’re in battle, you dolt.”
John reached out and stilled Sherlock’s hands, causing the other man to finally meet his eyes. “Um, yeah. It’s all fine. I promise. Thanks for trusting me.”
The boys didn’t seem too convinced, but they nodded anyway, their faces somber.
That’s when Sherlock was hit with a particularly vicious draw-four.
The King and Queen went pale, their eyes wide and mouths open. Sherlock stood, his chair scraping the marble floor with a terrible sound, and stormed out of the room, the huge double doors banging shut behind him.
party!” he yelled. “Not
“Sherlock?” the blond prompted. “You okay?”
“But you
Magic buzzed even louder in John’s ear.
“Yes, you do! You’d have to!”
“That was the most…
Something in his voice must have worried the prince, for Sherlock called his name just as the doors banged open.
“We’re just as scared as you are,” the woman offered. Her voice was rough around the edges, and it made Sherlock shiver. “Come inside.”
“Sir Watson,” Sarah clarified. “Isn’t he- Oh, love, he’s not-”
“You’re panicking, John. Don’t panic.”
Logically, Irene knew John wouldn’t harm her, but every time he looked at her, Irene only saw the cold anger and intensity she’d seen the first time she crossed paths with the knight. She heard the cries of her brother and sisters as their lives were taken from them.
not married.”
“No,” the woman said, “you will listen to me now.”
I'm doing better now mentally, I think, than I was when I announced the hiatus. School is stressful, and college applications are a pain, but I'm in a much better place.
“I don’t know your name,” he said. “Seeing as you know mine…”
Irene sat on the sofa, her mouth open in shock. Sherlock paced restlessly in front of her, his hands tugging at his dark curls.
Once John returned to his sister’s house, he began packing. He’d barely gotten anything of importance before his sister started screeching in protest, probably waking half of Lauriston with her shrieking.
“It’s not-”
John grinned, a panicked laugh bubbling up in his chest.
“Come on, birdie,” Mary crooned. “Come on. Let me up. You know you won’t kill me.”
“Why didn’t you wake me up when you noticed?”
Sherlock deliberated for only a moment before holding his hand out to receive the bottle. John’s fingers brushed his, and Sherlock swallowed hard.
“What?” he asked. He had always been good with his words.
When Sherlock was done, nearly an hour had passed. Rosalie’s forehead rested on the wooden table between them, and Greg’s head was in his hands.
“Is your young man like this too?” Soo Lin asked abruptly, looking expectantly at the air above Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Tell me he’s alive, Mycroft,” Sherlock whispered, his voice cracking.
John shook his head, internally screaming as the taller man leaned away from him. “I’ve been
“The lust for power and the power of lust,” Soo Lin offered, shrugging her dainty shoulders. “It is hard to combat both when no one will refuse.”
“How many people here know how to fight?” he questioned.
“Don’t you care about me?” Soo Lin asked.
Sherlock used to accuse Mycroft of having no imagination, but Mycroft had always thought he fared well enough.
“You won’t find it here,” John blurted, and he bit his tongue.
Irene balked, confusion plain on her features.
“Anywhere I shouldn't?”
What the
“Yes. It sounds like…”
Greg smiled brightly. “He’s a good man. It’s good to know who’s in the castle for once. I think Rosalie and I are the first in the family to
“Watch how you speak to your Queen,” he growled.
“The witch put Prince William to sleep, and we all have thought him dead until now. We were- rejoiced by it, when he were still under Moriarty’s control. Prince Mycroft he made into a beast, one seen flying outside not long ago.”
“Well, if your girlfriend can tell you’re more in love with a bloke you’ve talked to three times than you’ll ever be with her…”
“You’re all right,” John comforted, cradling the prince in his arms. “It’s all all right now. You’re all right.”
The man who’d taken John was forcing him into a chair, shoving the knight back in place every time he tried to get up.
Greg smiled. “It’s not even been an hour, and you’re offering me a job?”
Mike shrugged. “Lauriston’s a small town, John. Nobody else will listen to me. Nobody else is going to do anything.”
Mike nodded. “I’m certain of it.”
Sherlock shrugged, smirking. “You never know.”
Two hours later, the girl in the mirror finally reappeared holding three woolen blankets, a wicker basket hanging from one arm. She stepped out of the mirror, her expression carefully blank. Her cheeks were pink, and she looked startlingly
out of you, and I’ll start with your little pet. The silly little knight who calls himself a Magician. I thought killing your brother would have been
“His name is Greg, you git.”
She took the knife and sliced her skin until she couldn’t see straight, tears and blood blurring her vision. She had to get it off of her. She had to get it
fancy her, I’d tell you to wait until it got a bit warmer, try giving her some flowers and a very good apology. Flowers usually work on girls. They work on boys, too, if I’m being honest. Anyway! You said you don’t fancy her, so you definitely won’t need that advice. I am gonna tell you to stop picking on her or any other people, though, and then my friend and I will be on our way. Does that sound good to you?”
If you asked John about what happened that morning in the tallest tower of the Holmes Castle, he would forget to mention the fainting.
Moriarty sneered, standing over him, his sword at Sherlock’s throat. Magic wrapped around his arms and neck, holding him back, suffocating him. The edges of his vision turned black, and Moriarty continued, “I will burn the
"I think the better question is what we're going to tell the King," John said. "You might want to start thinking of something good."
“Ah, sorry,” John apologized, grimacing at himself. “That came out wrong. I didn’t mean- I didn’t mean it how it sounded.”
Moriarty’s Magic was not like John’s. John’s Magic had burned as it knit Sherlock’s skin and fused his bones back together. It was hot and fierce and furious, scorching through Sherlock’s veins and over his skin and through his muscles. It hurt like nothing Sherlock had ever experienced, but there was a sort of comfort in the way the fire licked at his fingers as it healed him.
John paused in front of the forest, examining the ground under his feet. The road from Lauriston faded away here, shifting from cobblestone to dirt path. The snow, absent from the frequently-walked streets of the town, was abundant here. The forest roads were rarely traveled during the winter months. John was crazy for daring to use them.
“Magic started to heal you before the arrow was removed, which means someone had to rip it out of your skin
did,” John laughed. “New Scotland. That’s not far from Central London, is it?”
"Oh! I feel fine. Your Magic always burns, but after it's done, nothing else hurts. I think it even healed my hand,” Sherlock replied. “Irene’s gone.”
They had only a few moments before they were once again the King and Queen of London, and they had only their sons to thank for it.
I did make it myself. I’m not completely useless.”
"You know what I mean," John replied, his blue eyes flashing.
The beast surged out of the trees and towards the tower, making Sherlock scramble backwards until his back hit the stone wall farthest from the window. He barely had the sense of mind to deduce that it was, in fact, a
“Oh, don’t sound so disappointed in me, John. I never said
John was going to kill him.
John looked down at the leather bag he’d found (only after an hour of searching for the blasted thing), the dried meat and bread he thought his sister could live without, and his bow and quiver. A rope, obviously, since the prince was locked up in a
“Ever since Moriarty-”
“You think so?”
a singles party is a party in which no one goes home alone.
The knights nodded dumbly, and Sherlock froze. He very gently removed himself from John’s embrace and stood on shaky legs.
He needn’t have wondered.
John shook his head, horrified at the dryness of his mouth, when a gut-wrenching scream sounded from the prince’s room, followed by desperate shouting.
“Ah, yes, your brother. The unofficial leader of New Scotland, I assume.” At the man’s bewildered expression, Sherlock continued, “Your posture screams leadership, possibly law enforcement, and you speak with authority like you’re comfortable throwing it around. You and your sister were the only residents to drag us inside from a street I assume is lined with habited houses, which means you’ve a sense of responsibility for this town and those who dwell here. So. You’re the leader, then. I suppose it’s you I should be talking to. What were your questions?”
Sherlock called the knight’s name, but John didn’t move.
Sadly, he couldn’t imagine himself
“You’re not worried?”
covered Moriarty’s simple, handwritten
“Mr. Lestrade, how much do you remember from
Greg chose that moment to walk by with the mangled microwave, slipping past Irene and the other woman with a cheery goodbye.
~*~*~
“Is that Stella?” he asked, cocking his head. “Why don’t you let her inside, Irene?”
Three Days Earlier
one, I imagine she’d be quite confused to see you’re a man,” Irene pointed out. Sherlock chuckled as his flatmate dumped her bags on the kitchen table.
"This is all part of your plan to get me in my pants, isn't it?" John laughed, testing the water again. "Are you all right?"
“Are you laughing at me?” he demanded. “We don’t have time for this!”
John frowned. “Why do you think that?”
that will never be the same
“The prince locked away in St. Bart’s Tower,” Mike replied. “You know. The one from London.”
“I know you haven’t,” Sherlock replied. “Nor do you want to, although I’m sure you could.”
Irene stared down Mary as the tip of her sword dug into the small of the blonde’s back. Mary squirmed under her blade, and Irene was filled with such intense pity that she almost offered to help the woman to her feet.
“You’re worried. You have no way of confirming my identity,” Sherlock said. He knew by the almost invisible twitch in her lips that he’d been right. “I can provide no confirmation other than John’s support of my claim, which does you no good if you decide you don’t believe him either. Surely there must be something you can ask, something I would only know if I were the prince. Oh, but then, only I’d know to ask myself that question. You’re stuck between a rock and a hard place, Rosalie, but I’ve been stuck in much worse the last few weeks. You’re-”
Irene stood in the corner of the room, her back ramrod straight. John and Sherlock were still on the floor, though neither of them seemed to notice or care. She couldn’t blame them. She would wait until they composed themselves, and they would decide her fate.
“I have no frame of reference,” Mycroft replied. He pulled a thin white shirt on over his head, grateful for the extra layer of protection it granted him. “But I have more tact than he does, if that means anything.”
Sherlock wouldn’t stop glaring at them.
“I can!” a familiar voice called.
“Tell me whatever’s most important first,” John replied easily. “What’ve I missed?”
“I think I’d’ve known if you were stalking me,” John replied easily.
Wrapped tightly in stolen blankets, Irene spent nearly an hour trying to start a fire before the tinder finally caught. She fed the flames and warmed her hands before sticking the weapon into the center of the fire. The dagger glowed white and hot, and Irene swallowed hard.
“She would be,” Irene agreed just as quietly. “Now go check out the kitchen. I know you’re itching to see the damage.”
happen? Maybe he should have just erred on the side of caution) soon-to-be boyfriend, scraping soot off the countertops and placing it in several different test tubes.
do anything to hurt you. You know that, right?”
The prince seemed to relax at John’s words.
“Shut it, you posh git. I’m tired. My body’s not
Irene shook her head. "You offer something I can't accept."
Their flat was small and sort of cramped, what with all of Sherlock’s science equipment and books lying about, but it was comfortable enough to move around without breathing each other’s air all day. Then again, neither Sherlock nor Irene had ever cared much for personal space to begin with. Their biggest problem, though, truly was the lack of bathroom space. Sherlock’s hair products alone took up more than half the medicine cabinet, a fact that bothered Irene to no end. Sherlock made up for it by granting her the bigger bedroom. His wasn’t anything more than a broom closet, really. That’s why his possessions littered every flat surface in the living room and kitchen.
“I’m really nothing to worry about,” John assured. Still, he tried extracting himself from Sherlock’s hold, but the prince only gripped him tighter. He dropped a messy kiss on John’s lips, glaring at the knight who’d ordered John to move. John blushed to the tips of his ears.
"Well now I do. What do you think? Is it a good present? Am I safe?"
Mycroft actually pitied his brother. He knew exactly what it took for him to ask that.
If you truly don't like my story I am not going to force you to read it, or beg you to stay, or change the story to suit your tastes. It's MY story and I am going to write it how I choose. There are a million other fics out there for you to read, go find one you like better and good reading to you. That is all.
"It is, in The United States. Which you asked me about for that case with the dead American who paid too much at the restaurant. And people don't normally leave nearly twenty times the amount of the bill Sherlock." Lestrade replied with an eye roll.
Mycroft had given him the holster already loaded with his own gun freshly cleaned, serviced, with a newly engraved placard on the butt, and, John suspected, the barrel either replaced or re-drilled in order for any previous ballistics reports to never be able to be linked to it. There had also been a license to carry firearms, and a freshly printed set of papers and pair of shoulder crowns declaring him reinstated on full active duty in Her Majesties Royal Army, this time as Major John H. Watson working as an international military liaison with Scotland Yard. His permanent standing orders signed personally by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, His Royal Highness, Prince Charles, as well as the Chief of the Defense Staff, General Sir David Julian Richards, and the Vice Chief of the Defense Staff, General Sir Nicholas Houghton, were to protect and defend one Sir Sherlock Holmes, Earl of Essex, above all other orders should the need arise, using whatever means and force necessary to do so, in this and all other Thirteen Territories without fear of legal reprisal if used on Sherlock's behalf. Lestrade had near flipped his lid when he'd seen it and no wonder, John now had more authority behind him than the entire chain of command of the police forces of the entire British Nation combined as far as it pertained to Sherlock. Sherlock hadn't seemed to comprehend the severity of the moment, and John had been speechless. Mycroft had literally given John a license to kill. John had the letter framed and it now hung in his bedroom.
