(See the end of the chapter for
The distraction of the task meant that Tony was no longer focused on the strange feeling he’d had earlier of imminent doom. Instead, he’d leaned over Peter’s chair and held out his hands with a pathetic pout.
Seeing Tony’s eyes staring at him blankly, without a true expression on his face, Rogers explains. “Buck wanted to know when you woke up, he’s on his way.” The man points to the phone.
“Can I see your hand?” He inquired softly.
He listened as a soft giggle shook the little boy. Using the hand that was free on his side, Tony leveraged himself so that he could sit up, the kid sticking to him like a koala bear. He vaguely wondered how Peter was managing to act so young, and a pang of fear struck him. Was Loki’s spell working? Was it slowly taking away the teenager he loved?
“We need your help,” he admitted.
Bucky chuckled from behind him, rubbing his metal hand up and down his back in a familiar motion. “Doll, you’re precious. It’s your passion! One of us will be with you, but yeah, you get to fix the bots if you want to.”
Hands rubbed his back, voices soothed him. But even as the tears stopped Tony found that he couldn’t calm down.
“If you’re going to use a c-word to describe me, that’s not the one I’d use,” she drawled.
First, thank you so much for all the reviews, subscriptions, kudos, bookmarks. You guys are fantastic. I don't know why I had such trouble writing this chapter, but hopefully I can get the next one out faster. Enjoy the story!
And what kind of name was Flerken?
He started to attempt to behave in the manner they wanted, feeling traumatized, humiliated, and scared of what was to come. He could also feel himself wanting to do nothing but curl up to the men, a contradicting feeling that had sent him into a state of complete confusion.
The soldier quickly tucked him up so that he was leaning against several pillows, a heated blanket that had to have belonged to Bruce at one point curled around his body. How long had he been shivering?
What had he done?!
Peter took a second to breathe, trying to reassure himself that he hadn’t made the biggest mistake of his life. “No one’s here,” he explained gently. “I’m okay, I’m in the graveyard.”
Tony acted stunned, letting it show on his face even as he tried to calculate exactly what he could do to make the bots actually kill the people in front of him. “You’d… you would let me actually use machinery?”
Outright laughing at the statement, the soldier proceeded to head down the staircase. He grinned when Tony grabbed onto his shirt and buried his face in the man’s chest, doing his best to avoid looking at what would surely be a terrible fall.
-------------------------
“I guess I made them a little too strong?” Tony concedes when the rest of the team appears, looking out of breath. His leg is bleeding and he knows that he won’t be able to stand without help. “Whoops?”
“I’ve missed you too,” he admitted, unable to hide the tears in his own brown eyes as he looked at another member of his family he had missed dearly.
He also noticed that the hall he’d ran through had had no windows, as if they were somehow still underground. Was this another bunker? It wouldn’t make sense as they had their own compound he’d provided for them ages before everything started. After all, Tony Stark could afford to spend money on something the government should have been paying for…
Leaning forward, looking completely unconcerned by the threat of the smaller man before him, Steve spoke gently.
“I don’t want you to be alone.” He admitted.
“I… I can’t,” Tony managed to squeeze out through the ball in his chest. He thought of the last ‘test’ he’d seen and how so many people had gruesomely died in front of him.
What the genius hadn’t expected was for the so-called tech that was smarter than him to dive bomb on top of Peter. He also hadn’t expected the kid to laugh and shove back, two teenagers play wrestling almost on top of him until Tony let out a yelp when his hand was lightly hit.
Tony raised a brow, something in him excited to be able to do something for the greater good again. Even if he doubted that it would be in a suit, considering the state he was in.
The soldier laughed, “no child of mine is going to be helpless. Plus, it’ll be some good quality time spent with the spider baby.”
“When I chose Steve Rogers to be a part of Project Rebirth, I chose him because he was supposed to be a good man. He was supposed to make a positive future. But Tony, what he has done is awful. He’s become someone I can’t remember. But what is frightening is not what he’s doing, but that he believes it’s the right thing to do. That… that gives him power.”
“Promise me that you’ll at least try to get away, if something happens. That you’ll try to come with us.”
The revolt had been easy to overthrow, especially when the Russian’s had seen Thor show up with an equally pleased Loki beside him. After some negotiation, they had brought the God back with the promise that he would rule over several Midgardians in exchange of not being completely in power.
Tony wants to make a snarky comment, ask if the latest romance novel is doing the blond any good. But he doesn’t want to give him an opening.
His eyes drifted half shut, only opening when he heard a murmured conversation between Bucky and Steve, whom wore nothing but a pair of sweatpants as he lounged in their large bed. One hand held a remote, the other looked at the pair with what Tony could only pinpoint as concern.
It wasn’t until after he’d been stitched up, when the doctor was wrapping it up, that Tony finally came awake.  He jumped immediately upon realizing that the man above him was neither Peter or Rhodey.
Instead of ignoring the man, the little boy nodded his head gently to the surprise of Tony.
Tony blinks and sees Happy coming out of the kitchen with a platter of breakfast, trying and failing to avoid Peter as the kid steals some of the meal for himself.
“I want to talk to you about what happened, okay?” Steve prods.
“Please tell me you didn’t change your mind!” Carol groaned, already noticing the love bites across his neck that the two soldiers didn’t want covered up.
Is Tony free? Did he actually get away?
Taking advantage of the open doorway, Bucky moved them forward so that Tony got a good look at the large vehicle that had pulled into the driveway. Slowly, the former avengers were moving out and walking into the house, each giving congratulations to the genius as if they hadn’t just kidnapped him. As if he had come of his own free will.
“Get on the craft!” It sounded like Shuri, but in the chaos of the moment, Tony couldn’t be sure.
“Bucky and Pete made these for you. I didn’t tell the kid that I was getting it for you, ‘cause he’s waiting to see your reaction. But I figured it might cheer you up a little or give you some energy.”
The shock started to set in, from the situation, from the blood loss, and for once Tony was grateful to find himself passing out.
Tony let out a laugh at the indignant squawk that Peter released, the teen looking slightly offended if not playing the part.
Sauntering into the bathroom, he set the boy on his little feet and smiled when big brown eyes gazed up at him and his mouth fell into a pout.
Carol was gone again.
“Other stuff?” He growled, “like what, murder?”
It was almost two weeks later that Tony, whom had finally taken a shower and eaten some soup due to threats from both Sam and Natasha, lay curled up in the newly cleaned sheets of the bed that the worst happened.
All the genius could do was murmur quiet objections; his body pressed firmly against the super soldier behind him.
“You didn’t-” The genius sputtered, looking absolutely taken aback by the words. “You didn’t
“Jarvis, activate protocol save daddy!” Tony hollered, laughing as he watched the toaster, he’d been making digital attack Clint. The cord just long enough to allow it to toss a piece of its mechanics right at the archer’s face.
He’d locked the door instantly, placing the clothing on the counter so that he could separate everything accordingly.
He felt Peter grab his arm, hear the roar as Bruce became the giant green monster and gave chase… or at least, that’s what he thought that the man would do.
Without the two men there, he had left Peter to dress himself. The boy had donned soft gray pants, socks, and an Iron Man t-shirt that had his arc reactor printed on the front. Tony noted the wild blush on Peter’s face when faced with a small pair of Captain America undies that the genius couldn’t resist on putting at the top of the pile. He’d sent a cute glare at Tony.
He knew that the teenager had noticed something had changed, but he refused to admit it. And while Tony still knew in the back of his mind that everything wasn’t right, a large part of him no longer cared.
“You’re safe now,” the voice was deeper than Peter’s. “You’re safe now.”
The living room had been set up to accommodate several people, although Tony wasn’t surprised to find himself squished between Rhodey and Pepper. Peter had made himself at home sitting on the floor between the genius’ legs, and Happy and May sat on the sofa nearby, but close enough that either could easily reach Tony.
So, Tony did his best to stay curious, although most of his attention was focused on hugging the kid next to him. He shamelessly buried his nose in Peter’s brown curls, taking in the fact that the kid was solid in his arms. Rogers and Buchanan hadn’t been able to snag him from Tony, and that was more important than being beat by a different genius in the tech department.
“We’ve been working on the serum… we wanted to make sure we didn’t lose you like we lost Howard.” The man explained, waiting for Tony to take another bite before he continued. “We started with the de-aging mechanism, did it on Carol first ‘cause we didn’t want to hurt you.”
Before Tony could form a response, Bruce and Bucky entered the room carrying two plates each. Bruce placed one plate in front of Carol while Bucky moved a chair, so he was sitting side by side with Tony. He grinned at the two, looking back and forth like an expectant child.
With one hand she curled his own into a fist; with the other she gently cupped Tony’s cheek. Her expression going from hard to soft in seconds.
Realizing that the two men had no intention of letting them dress alone, Peter had asked for Tony (and only Tony) to help him go to the toilet. There had been no hesitation, and the genius had quickly swiped the clothing pile from Steve and disappeared into the restroom before anyone could protest.
“Here, take this and you can meet her in the morning when you wake up,” Steve held out the pill and a bottle of water.
It took Tony a whole minute to convince himself to enter, as it resembled the room that he’d watched Steve and Bucky torture and kill several people. However, it wasn’t as clean, and someone had set a couch on one end, and a coffee table that hid the drain rather poorly. Another loveseat stood closer to the door, surprisingly new for what they had seen as they trekked down.
“The Avengers, they traced the bunker. They know where we are! Tony wasn’t getting stock, he was moving everything out so that we could make a quick get-a-way!” Peter was still shouting, jumping from foot to foot in nervous energy.
Stark men are made of iron.
The god laughed, running a hand through his hair as he shook his head. “Tony, Tony, Tony… as if I wouldn’t find some alone time to speak with you. The Avengers believe that I’m still in the library, and they still see you tinkering away at your….toys…”
With a quivering lip, the little boy suddenly burst into tears. “Daddy!” He wailed, scooting as close as possible to burrowing inside the genius’ chest.
“Hello, my name is Jarvis. Please desist from going after Mr. Stark, thank you.”
After making sure Tony was no longer hooked up, Bruce helped the man get to the edge of the bed and to his feet. He didn’t hesitate to wrap his arm around Tony’s waist and walk him towards the bathroom, but instead of leaving him at the door the man continued into the room.
Pushing the wheelchair closer to one area where the table was adjustable to Tony’s chair height, Steve pointed towards several household items that looked a bit out of commission. “We figured start light, fix some of the broken stuff, maybe make it better?”
“Batman?” Bruce chips in from the sofa.
“Can we go to bed?” Tony spoke softly, his voice defeated.
“Pee pee,” the little boy in his arms demanded.
A small part of Tony didn’t want to leave, didn’t want to see what would happen once he no longer had the arms of the two men to hold him.
“They went to go fetch something for you, they’ll be back soon.” She shrugged. “Steve had me put the coffee machine down in your lab, said you can tinker on it until they get back.”
Peter didn’t hesitate, with little more than a jump so that Tony was pushed back with a grunt, the little boy grabbed fistfuls of the cake and very messily shoved the sugar into his mouth. It was as if the kid knew that he wouldn’t be allowed to eat the treat had he waited for permission.
Opening his mouth to speak, the genius was startled quiet when the blue eyes moved past his shoulder and focused on something else.
Tony hides his nerves well, eyes zeroing in on the countdown as it reaches zero. Chaos ensues.
He jumps when a plate is set gently on his lap, two bodies falling into the sofa on either side of him. Bucky, who looks more casual than Tony has ever seen him, and Rogers. They both have their own plates of food and have loaded his with every dish that had been on the table.
Tony rolled his eyes, “I can send the suit to protect and fight without having to be in it. And I don’t know if either of you recall, but on our last game night I’m pretty sure I kicked both your asses at Mortal Kombat.”
Staring back at him wasn’t the reflection of a man in his late twenties, but of a younger man. The man he had been before stepping into the suit, before flying into the sky with a nuclear bomb. This was the face of a man who had gone to galas, smiled prettily when he needed to. This was Tony Stark before the world had gone to hell.
He watched as they all struggled to understand, Pepper the only one who already knew where the escape plan was going. “I’m a liability, and I can’t put you in more danger.” He explained.
------------------
“She was part of the rebellion, the one that started up when we began. While she never told us the names of the people she worked with, the woman wasn’t as innocent as she claimed. In fact, one of her moves was to set off a bomb in protest to our rule. She went to the middle of times square and set several up.
Quick and proficient, they’d both noticed the dark circles under Tony’s eyes, the blond got the man cleaned up and dressed. Bucky had then taken Tony and put him in his lap, the new bed covers curling around them.
Without another word, the king pivoted and disappeared into the hallway. Carol, grinning like a loon, threw a mock salute at Tony before she followed suit, stopping briefly in the kitchen to pour herself more coffee.
Tony physically growled at the words, but before he could speak Peter once again started up.
It was true; in a true state of paranoia Tony had the land purchased by his AI, and had his machines create the structure. He hadn’t wanted builders involved, or anyone human that could talk about his secrets.
“Time to get you to your appointment,” he grinned, holding up his arms as if to lift Tony from the bed.
“I’m glad to see that you are safe,” T’Challa continued. “Although wounded, we will get that looked at soon.”
The rocking motion stops, but Tony can feel the soft sway as Steve starts to carry him to their destination rather than putting him back into the chair. He’s a bit relieved, not sure that he can handle being put back into the thing without falling back into his state of panic.
“I lost myself today…” Tony admits quietly once Peter has settled beneath the blankets; Goose curled at the foot of the bed. “For a second, I… I forgot.”
That morning, Tony had taken his coffee with a smile and spoken politely to the team. He had hummed when he’d tasted his drink and curled up to Bucky when the man had thrown an arm over the back of his chair.
“It doesn’t matter that you’re just a kid, the man has no qualms about using you to get to Tony,” a new voice broke the tension in the room.
The conversation had flowed between the two of them like they’d known each other their whole life. They even bantered playfully like Tony had often done with Peter, although his kid was truly the age and not a product of magic.
Jarvis had an extensive library of films, and as long as it had been created before they went down, the A.I. could access it. So it was rare they had to watch a film more than once. Of course, that didn’t mean that there weren’t days where he and Peter would curl up and have movie marathons. Where an old movie brought comfort to the hideaways.
Acting like the idea of getting punished for something like escape didn’t seem to faze the blond, as she all but swung herself into the seat next to Tony. Both staring quietly at the grey slab of the work area in front of them in thoughtful silence.
Bucky barely stepped aside, both watching the man scramble down the hall in an attempt to get out of range from whatever the super soldiers planned on doing. They could wait five days, but why not aim for earlier?
“Once we figured that out, it was a matter of Bruce coming up with the chemicals we needed, and the process. We de-aged you so that some of those nasty scars would be gone, and gave you the formula. You’re not as strong as Stevie or me, but you’ve got the brain instead. Plus, you’ll age just like us now, too.”
“Jarvis, please pull up the schematics for the Wakanda plan!”
“Peter’s Super Secret Awesome Mix.”
The building shook again, and Tony took in the craft that had already lifted off the ground. Rhodey stood on the ramp, War Machine completely destroyed on the ground below. The man held out a hand, as if waiting for them to reach him so he could pull the two to safety.
With the skin on skin contact, Tony had been placed in the middle and kept nice and warm as the two fell asleep. An hour in, and both had stopped snuggling to take to their own sides of the bed. Usually, Bucky or Steve would stay awake until Tony fell asleep, but they had tired each other out. Tony had passed out for a little bit, but had woken just in time to watch Steve fall under.
Spinning around, Tony guffawed as he met T’Challa’s raised brows. He could hear Peter scrambling even faster, stuttering as he only managed to get tangled in the girl’s limbs worse. Shuri looked nothing but amused.
“We hunted down the ones that were left,” Steve admitted. “Every single one.”
The redhead nodded, wrapping her arm around Tony’s shoulder as she leaned back on the sofa. He was still drinking his coffee with both hands.
If he recalled everything correctly, Tony had been about Peter’s age, still a kid, when he had done it.
The sweet smile turned teasing as Tony slightly turned to face Peter for a moment. “He almost peed his pants when we rescued him, all freaked out.”
When Tony finishes his meal, Bucky doesn’t leave right away. Choosing to watch as the man scoots back under the machine and starts working. He doesn’t make a comment about the fact that Tony doesn’t bother putting on the gloves.
His smile turned positively wicked as he looked at the shivering man before him, Bucky acting as a wall against the man’s escape from the room. “If we get to him before you do, in five days, I think we need a new head of tech.”
Tony grinned, putting down the wrench he’d had in his hand to engulf her tiny hand with his own. “Tony Stark, it’s nice to meet you.”
Was this a punishment? He hadn’t done anything wrong, had he?
Tony watched him go in bemusement, only looking down at the articles of clothing Peter had thrown his way once the kid had left the room. He was surprised to find science pun t-shirts that had been bought in his size, and comfortable black sweats or the choice of jeans. Underwear and socks with the clothing.
He looked back down, armor flying to reveal his face, so he can look at the blue eyes directly. “Please, please let go.”
With a laugh, Tony reached forward and turned the volume down, gently pushing away the arm from his waist. He was concentrated and wanted to make sure that his creation didn’t blow up in his face, even if it was just a piece to make the oven heat up faster.
“If you’re going to be a ninja, you could at least let go of my hand so that I don’t fall off this bed,” Tony deadpanned, although the smile on his face told Peter he was teasing.
Peter looked ridiculous, but absolutely adorable.
Peter had a look of pure exasperation on his face, but otherwise said nothing. Instead, the two decided that in order to put their plan into motion, a good start would be taking Bucky’s advice and relaxing with a film.
They didn’t speak much, and if he did talk to Clint it was a lot of provoking. The group, while they spent time with him, hadn’t made Tony their sole focus. He was often left alone to tinker with the appliances, or to hang out alone in the bedroom.
“I know that Buck explained this to you earlier, but he and I, we’ll be the protectors.” The man practically preened as he spoke, flexing his muscles as the side of his lips lifted in a smile. “You’ve got the brain, and I know the kid does too, you can teach him. Be his real dad. Bucky and I will teach him other stuff.”
Someone put fuzzy socks on his feet while he was sleeping, and while normally he’d complain about it, they’re warm and cozy and he secretly wants to get several pairs.
“Tony…” The man shook his head, curled closer to the boy. “Tones… lets go inside.” The words were spoken extremely softly, a suggestion over an order.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We don’t just kill people for no reason,” Steve argued, exasperation in his tone. “Everyone who we’ve gotten rid of has committed some sort of heinous act. We make sure that we lead by example and follow through with what we tell the people. We give them the ability to be free to a degree, but we want to make sure that they’re not doing something stupid.”
There was a pause from the bedroom, before he heard Bucky speak again with what sounded like real concern in his voice. “Are you okay? I thought I heard crying.”
Recognizing the name, Tony found himself looking between the two quickly. They were dead, had been for a while. How were they possibly talking to Tony? If it had been a memory, he wouldn’t have been able to interact with them.
When Sam had offered a ride so that he could help restrain the genius, neither expected Carol to appear. She had managed to get the upper hand on both men, and Bucky still wanted to ring her neck. He had watched as the woman had turned Tony against them, as he had blasted Steve from his suit and disappeared into the clouds.
“We have a female in need of extraction. She has powers, and while she’s gained control over them, she’s now come onto their radar.” T’Challa leaned forward, knowing that he didn’t have to explain whom he was speaking about.
He motions towards Tony, although he’s already moving forward to crowd the man into moving. Without hesitation, and before the genius can start to speak, Bucky grabs a clean kitchen towel and starts to dry off his hair. A thick blanket follows after a moment, and in the whirlwind that is the Winter Soldier, Tony finds himself sitting on a stool at the counter, hands wrapped around a hot chocolate, curled in a blanket.
Some of his muscles had started to cramp, but there was absolutely no way the genius was going to start complaining about it. Instead, he started to inwardly sing the lyrics of his favorite tunes, knowing that they would only pass the time for a while before he’d have to find something else to do. And Tony already knew he’d start doing equations in his head to not go stir crazy. He didn’t have the use of his hands at the moment, but his brain was still running just fine.
“You’re eating real food first,” he admonished, tightening his arms around the kid’s waist as everyone started to sit down. Bucky taking a seat on Tony’s other side so that they resembled a small family, not that the genius would acknowledge it.
“What machines?” Tony sat up slowly, allowing Bucky to help him with a steady arm on his back. He gave Bruce a confused look, using a hand to wipe at his eyes to brush away any reminiscence of sleep.
He also vaguely wondered if there were even cameras to hack in the area, considering most small towns were rather behind on the technological aspects.
At night, he’d started to enjoy the warmth and the cuddles from the two bodies surrounding him.  They’d often flip him depending on who wanted to spoon him that night, but no matter the choice, he was always warm and cozy. The nightmares from his time in Afghanistan all but gone in the presence of the two walls of solid muscle.
Tony frowned, trying to think about the proposition. What the kid was offering wouldn’t happen overnight, it would take time. It would mean that there was a chance that Tony would go right back to becoming lost in a relationship he had been coerced into. But what other choice did he have?
The hesitant nod of agreement had Steve grinning, moving so that his arm was no longer wrapped around Tony’s waist. It was the movement that also brought the awareness that Steve’s other arm had been utilized as the genius’ pillow. Meaning Steve had to have been hugging him and reading over Tony’s shoulder while he slept.
At eighteen, Tony was asked to represent Stark Industries on the presentation of the Jericho missile in Afghanistan. James had accompanied him as liaison for the army, and had been helpless to stop the kidnapping of the young CEO.
With a curse that would have made his mother blush, Tony threw himself into the suit behind him, barely having the armor close around him when a metal arm tore a piece right off the suit. He threw himself to the right, swinging a fist at his assailant and watching as the Winter Soldier ducked deftly out of the way, holding the armor of his left arm.
Just barely missing being flattened by the thing, the two of them entered a dimly lit hallway that had obviously had better days. There were cobwebs between the lights and walls, what looked like small puddles of water randomly scattered throughout the hall. Someone had painted it black, making it ominous and very uninviting.
Immediately, Tony moved. He reached down and lifted Peter close, rocking the boy to calm him down.
He grimaced, “you’ve been sweating from your attack. Stevie’s gonna put you in the shower and then we’re going to get you into bed, okay?”
He was too weak to struggle, but his voice instantly started. “No! Please, please no!” He looked as if the tub was going to jump up and drown him.
Tony scowled, wanting nothing more than to suddenly throw the oxygen tank at one of them.
Steve remained quiet for a moment, taking in Tony above him. “You can’t say you don’t love us, Tony. You can’t say this isn’t real.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s resting kiddo,” Bucky explained gently. “But we’re going to see him at lunch, okay?” The last time he’d spoken so sweetly to someone was when Stevie was still tiny, again, something pinged in his stomach, but he pushed it away.
And the man easily recognized the soft pout of a teenager that kept him sane despite how crazy the world had become.
With a scream that he wasn’t exactly proud of, Tony backpedaled away from the computer monitors directly towards the hole in the wall.
“I want to hug him, before he goes.” Tony commanded, filtered voice echoing despite the rain.
Steve had returned on the third day to spend time with him, not talking about the incident from the night before. He had moved a desk into the room and worked on several papers while Tony watched whatever documentary Natasha had put into the system for him. Not that he processed most of it.
Tony wasn’t sure how much he wanted to.
“Tony,” it was Bucky. The man’s voice was firm, with no room for argument as he spoke. “Hand over Peter, now.”
Tony was glad when he was released so that he could sit right up against the chair, eyes focusing on Peter again to reassure himself that the kid was totally alright.
Peter’s head flung to the screen, the movement of the plants already stopping. Whether that was alarming or not was something that the teenager couldn’t decide.
While Bucky’s bouncing of the toddler had grown more frantic, he was a little relieved to find that the child had turned to stick his face at his collarbone. His little hands in fists around Bucky’s shirt as the hysterical screaming slowly turned into quiet sobs.
“Follows you bird, follows you! That means they can’t just leave the damn place without having it follow the-“ He stops talking, eyes focused on the screen again as a failed exorcism is performed on a different man.
“Tony!” He screamed as he was tackled from behind, the com dislodging and falling to the ground as Peter rolled to remove his attacker.
Before Tony could open his mouth, Peter shook his head again. Not about to let his kid down, Tony stumbled to his feet by pushing his chair harshly back, almost falling before he’d caught his balance. He edged away from the group, shaking his head. There was absolutely no way they were just going to take Peter and cut him open. Over his dead body.
The scene was extremely domestic, and Tony weirdly found himself feeling relaxed. Glancing over at Peter he had to withhold a laugh when he noticed the kid struggling to get out of the blanket so he could reach out for the plate.
Tony buried his face between the man’s shoulder and neck, hiding his red face. He was aching, but that didn’t mean he could sleep with his brain going so quickly with what Carol had requested.
Sure, Steve went for a morning run every day, but he always came back before waking Tony. And Bucky usually got up and woke him with a cup of freshly brewed coffee.
“I’m not talking about you. I’m not alone Tony, neither are you.” She grinned, expression absolutely enthused. “I’m strong, and I’ve got basically the same powers as your super soldiers. I could have walked away when they tried to capture me, but I didn’t…. not that the de-aging thing was planned.”
Peter laughed and went back to training with the other two men, leaving Tony on the ground to catch his breath. Despite the exhaustion, this was an almost daily routine for them all, it helped keep the focus away from the fact that they were hiding in a bunker.
Immediately the kid’s eyes flew open, panicked as he saw Tony in front of him. He tried to scream, to move forward, but couldn’t do more than make pained sounds at the screen.
One voice broke out amongst the men, a man that had worked very closely with the former head of security at Stark Industries. He’d quietly joined the new regime in order to keep his life, although he now stood with his back ramrod straight.
Tony silently vowed to himself that when they arrived in Wakanda, the first thing he’d do when his hands healed would be to make sure that Jarvis had the ability to station himself in any network in the world. If Jarvis wasn’t in one location, nothing and no one could even attempt to harm the A.I.
“Don’t you ever put on that stupid suit, and run off and do something like that again!”
Steve and Tony, who had both been on the projectile for the child, ended up colliding. The super soldier turning so that the genius ended on top of him on the grass.
“I love you all,” he murmured softly, tears welling in his eyes.
Stepping out of the shower, the brunette grabbed the towel and dried himself off. The tiled floor was created to be warm upon touch, and Tony found the tension melting from his shoulders when it ran up his body. He sighed, wrapping himself in the large towel as he gathered a new pair of pajamas.
Wrapping his good arm around Peter, Tony tugged the boy so that he was pressed against his side so the two of them could look at the same screen together without being uncomfortable. He couldn’t deny the warmth that spread internally, feeling so in love with the child beside him.
“Don’t touch another hair on my kid’s head then,” Tony countered. “The only three people who know how to run the suit are me, Rhodey, and Peter. I’ll get out of it, he’ll get in it and leave. That simple. I’m not exactly in a state to fight, if you can’t tell. I won’t bring any people with me.”
At the age of six, Anthony had learned that Stark men were made of iron after he fell and broke his arm during a press conference. In front of the press, Howard Stark had acted as a parent should. Concerned, he’d lifted the child and all but disappeared from the stage with Maria Stark at his heels. Off camera, his gentle grip had tightened and he had blown up on the child.
In seconds Tony was on his feet, his hand bumping the mug and sending the rest of the coffee spilling onto the counter. Neither men seemed to notice, instead choosing to focus on each other.
“Can we take another minute, I don’t think he can really stand right now… after that.” Rhodes wasn’t afraid to speak his mind, even if the man he was speaking to was the king of his own country.
He isn’t surprised when another hand reaches forward and moves his away, pressing firmly against the skin as if checking for a temperature. Wearily, Tony blinks his eyes open and finds Steve Rogers looking pleased.
They both grow silent, taking the moment to analyze the repercussions of their words. It seems that the two soldiers are getting to them. “Dad… about Jarvis,” Peter starts.
The blond man turned slightly and glanced at the male in his arms, smiling lightly. “What’s up sweetheart? Do you want me to put on something else?”
Bucky nodded, already standing from his crouch. He helped Tony to his feet so that the man didn’t have to release Peter. Bruce, whom apparently had been the only one to not simply run to the lake, held open a large towel he’d grabbed during the whole ordeal.
Tony spun, eyes wide as he stared at the demeanor that had completely morphed from helpless child to annoyed teenager. “Seriously,” the kid continued, looking up at him. “Do they really think I would just forget?” His voice had a very soft lisp, and it was obvious that Peter struggled with the words, but beyond that, it was entirely Tony’s teenager standing before him.
“Sweet baby doll,” Bucky croons.
Glad that they were alone, Carol inched herself forward and grabbed both of his hands into her own, a warmth from her fingers settling the genius as he slouched a bit.
On the second night, when he’d been brought a meal, Steve had made a comment about how Tony was adorable. He’d compared the genius to a kitten.
Peter had stayed behind.
He paced, back and forth like a caged lion as the terrified group had started to try to speed up a process that was already accelerated from the earlier threat of death.
“I absolutely love it Tony!” She moved forward, catching him in a hug that practically engulfed the man as they were about the same size.
Peter heard the chirp in his ear as the communicator demanded his attention, his five minutes were up. Wiping at his face the teenager pressed the button and grinned when he heard the multiple voices asking if he was alright.
His grin turned feral.
The sound of an engine starting gets Tony’s attention, and he looks up in time to see Bucky and Sam jumping from the side of a tall building and flying in their direction. The intent was clear, Tony was not meant to escape by any means.
“I can’t leave you alone Tony, you might hurt yourself,” Bruce explained.
His gaze flitted from the pile to the man beside him, looking exasperated by the child’s unwillingness to conform.
Tony groaned, throwing his head back as the two teenagers rambled to each other about the possibility of the Star Wars universe being a reality. Peter had pointed out that most of the universe consisted of technology and could therefore be recreated, while Shuri had argued that the force wasn’t a thing that existed.
One afternoon, when he and Carol had finally been trusted to work on things alone, he handed her the finished watch. At first she had been puzzled, glancing at the colors similar to Steve’s own uniform, before raising her brows at the grinning genius.
Shaking his head to tumble the thoughts from his brain, the genius glanced around the room with a frown. It was almost noon, so they hadn’t bothered waking him up early. Both men were absent, the room completely silent despite its downtown location.
Tony barely felt as the restraints were ripped from his body, fingers sneaking into his mouth to get the soap out that he had unconsciously bitten in half. Didn’t feel the water drain from the tub.
Immediately, he threw a finger to his lips and shushed her, not wanting the others to get even a hint of the new situation. After going back to sleep, he’d woken to find himself curled into Steve. The super soldier had no doubt been extremely worried when he couldn’t wake the genius from his dreams and had taken to clinging to Tony.
Bucky was just as gentle, easing the genius to the side and into his arms so that he didn’t jostle the bed and wake the little brunette from his sleep.
“And then you went overseas, and you were almost killed.” Bucky sneered, tightening his arms where they had wrapped around Tony’s waist. “The man you trusted hurt you.”
It took several tries, but the genius finally calmed himself enough to breathe.
Would he ever be free? Would he ever be able to return to a world where he was just Tony Stark, billionaire who lived in his high tower, away from everyone and everything that wasn’t precious to him?
He only realizes that he’s crying when a hand gently lifts his chin, examining his neck where bruise marks have appeared from Wanda’s fake attack. Not that they know.
“Room 3, now.”
“Tony!” The kid let out his name in one breath, looking absolutely relieved to see the genius sitting up.
Refusing to hang up the phone, Rhodey had explained that they wanted a play by play of everything that was happening around Peter. Just to hear the kids voice was comforting for all the adults in the room.
“So a bad feeling then?” Tony quipped, grabbing Peter’s hand to stand. “Okay, then that’s what I have?”
Where were they?
Bucky undressing so that he was left in his boxers, and then holding Tony so that the blond could get into the same state. The brunette had then moved off to fill a tub that was obviously meant for more than one person, while Steve carried the trembling genius to a large shower stall across from the toilet.
The smile that was already half formed turned bitter, the mug moved up to hide the expression on his face. Leave it to Pepper to catch the phrasing. “I’ve run the numbers all morning with Jarvis. The possibility that you can all get away without me is a lot higher than if you take me with you. Almost eighty-seven percent, if they found the bunker.”
“You’re complaining about walking and we’ve barely gone a mile at most,” she teased.
“That’s it, I’m not helping you make a lightsaber!” He declared, shaking his head. “You can do it on your own, your freaking royal highness!”
The smile that beamed at him from the princess was blinding, but Tony only smiled back in hopes that he could hide some of his fear, some of his shame for becoming a bit more timid than he had ever been.
A small window to his left confirmed that they were in the air, clouds whisking past.
“It’s obvious he’s absolutely frightened of you,” he growled. “Leave.”
With the ramp fully open, Tony didn’t hesitate. He threw himself from the seat and scrambled to get to the ramp. He needed to get Rhodey on the craft before it took off.
The blond reared back like he’d been struck, but it lasted for only a moment before the hand tightened again. Tony refused to cry out, glaring daggers at the man above him even as he felt the dampness of blood on his wrist, the stitches likely undone.
“You better have a good plan,” he grumbled to the girl softly so that they couldn’t be overheard. “Because if this doesn’t work out, I’m not coming out of this with my sanity.”
After one morning where he’d reached forward and planted a kiss first on Steve and then Bucky before they left the lab, Tony had had a moment of pure panic. It was on this day that he and Carol really bonded.
As if hearing what Tony was thinking, the king smirked. “She either hides her powers well, or this town has some very loyal people in their community. Either way, it’ll be an interested extraction.”
“Oh Tony,” Rogers ran a hand through his hair.
Tony held up a hand, shaking his head quickly in an attempt to get the girl to stop talking. “Don’t,” he cut her off.
-------------------
“I am Iron Man!” Repeated as the building itself shook as if someone were attacking it.
He jumped when a hand ran through his sweaty hair, a voice gently cooing at him that he was alright.
It didn’t take long to find the living room with plush couches and a huge television. He’d easily gotten to the kitchen, and after some careful searching made himself an extra-large bowl of popcorn.
He could hear himself laughing, a watery sound that seemed to be coming from a place he had never heard.
“Okay,” he turns to face the little boy who has sat and started to pet the cat that has strewn himself on the carpet. “Spill.”
Settling Peter into one of the chairs at the counter, Bucky stepped forward to help clean up the dishes. Tony didn’t volunteer, taking the seat next to the little boy so he could look at the men in the kitchen.
He was also teased that he wasn’t the only genius in the warehouse, and that he’d better get ready because the other person was bound to have him on his toes.
Tony groaned, falling to his knees and retching onto the ground. Both men started to move faster, but he held up a hand in a motion that startled them both to a stop. There was a bit of coughing, and Tony had to use the suit as a means to stand up, but when he got on shaking legs he spoke.
“Two days, we kept you under… just in case.”
Six-hundred and four thousand, eight hundred seconds.
Ignoring the indignant ‘hey’ that comes from the child as he pulls the radio, the genius starts speaking frantically. “Carol? What the hell did you send us?”
“Tony, your feet!” He cries after the man he is chasing, watching as the genius leaves a trail of blood down the porch stairs.
He took a tentative step out onto the carpeted hallway, finding himself completely alone. Should he run? No, it was likely a test.
The room broke into organized chaos, as if they had planned for such an attack.
“Not like this, no.” Peter admitted, throwing a look at his adopted father and mentor before bringing his attention back to his half of the screens.
Bucky stands just behind where the girl had been, a smoking gun lowered and holstered as he shoots her a passing glance.
There was an affectionate smile thrown Tony’s way at the nervous words, but Bruce didn’t hesitate to step forward and do as he was bid. As he was leaning down he didn’t see Tony slip the rod from the towel rack behind him, didn’t see as the genius lifted the thing up like a bat and swung with all his might at the scientist.
Immediately he received a few salutes before one of the technicians (slightly shaking in his boots) held out a report to the blond super soldier.
The entire team has assembled; full gear ready to fight the bots that the genius has enhanced. He doesn’t want to admit that the Captain looks good in his tight uniform, doesn’t miss the smile thrown up at their booth when Bucky sees him looking.
He must make some sort of noise, as one moment the blond is reading, and the next bright blue eyes are staring down at him with something akin to compassion and worry.
“Avengers,” Steve turned on his heel, looking over the excited, blood hungry faces of the people who made up part of his family. “Assemble.”
Once they had understood why Peter had left, the protest had died down. Although May had started to cry and taken comfort in a rare Happy embrace. Every year on his birthday, since his uncle had died, Peter would go to the graveyard to spend some time with the deceased family member. The kid liked to talk to the man, tell him what was happening. He couldn’t break the tradition.
Using both hands, Peter gingerly picked up one of the wide brimmed cups and took a sip, smiling brightly at Tony and missing the milk mustache over his lip. Again, the billionaire had to withhold a laugh at the sight.
Sharing a look towards Bucky, the blond shrugged. “Goose the cat?”
Tony hesitated for only a moment before following, figuring that nothing weirder could happen to him at that point.
“Will you be joining us in the suit of armor, comrade?” Thor asks.
Fetch something? What could they possibly be getting for Tony?
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, subscriptions, and comments. Hope you like it!
So was this Carol's plan all along? I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I'm not the best at writing "love" scenes but there may be more in the future, so there's fair warning. So, will Tony actually get away? Or are the former Avengers going to manage to stop him? Let me know what you think, and thank you for reading!
A smile lifted the corner of his lips, really and truly happy for the first time in ages.
He expected to be thrown into a memory, to see Peter, Rhodey, Pepper, or one of them. So when he found himself in an empty field he’d never seen in his life, Tony was very confused. This wasn’t a memory… not his memory anyway.
Could he hurl it fast enough that it may have the same effect as Mjolnir?
-------------------------------------------
A voice right next to the two caused Tony to jump, breaking completely away from Wanda as he faced the white haired male that held a half-eaten apple in hand. “Stop being so cryptic sis, and tell him what’s going on.”
“Princess Shuri?” Tony raised a brow.
“Go back to your real family. Give them a chance.” He spoke gently.
Hope you enjoy! Thanks for the kudos, comments, and bookmarks ! You guys are absolutely awesome!
A bit fuzzy from whatever was coming through the IV, Tony let his head fall to the left. Through his half-lidded gaze, he made out a person in a chair, slouched over with their head in their hands as if they were sleeping. Without making a sound Tony forced his gaze to the right, finding a large wardrobe and two separate doors leading to what he could only assume was a bathroom and a closet, or a hallway.
At twenty-seven, Tony Stark watched as the group of heroes turned against the government. He watched as they teamed up with a man formally known as James Buchanan Barnes, and destroyed the system. Steve Rogers had come to the conclusion that if the world he’d woken up in was no longer running as his original team had intended, then they would force it to run as they wanted.
A rage lit up in the pit of his stomach, and Tony barely registered as he stood and slammed open the office door.
Clint shrugged, not once looking up at Tony but the smirk on his face was evident. “I’d like to see you catch up to me with that leg, cripple.”
“Right away sir,” the A.I. responded, even if it sounded reluctant. Tony smiled, one thing off the list, now all he had to do was speak to Peter alone.
“I may have a conniption if you keep calling me Mr. Stark. Come on kid, it’s Tony.” Another voice interrupted from the hallway, the brunette stepping towards the living room with his eyes glued on the Stark Pad in his hands.
Both the teens turned to face him, looking slightly surprised that Tony was even there before acknowledging that they had gotten lost in the talk. It was easy, to be so carefree when they were all together.
His gaze lifted to Peter’s anguished face. He had grown up, looking more and more like an adult. He’d filled out, and there was more muscle mass under his baggy sweater. He opened his mouth to promise the kid that he’d never leave him again… but then he realized that he couldn’t. The soldiers wouldn’t ever let him go, and something in his gut told him that unless the rebellion group managed to kill them off, nothing could be done to ultimately save him.
Tony smiled softly, “they’re tracing the bunker using the other communicator, yes.”
Tony was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t notice as time flew by. How long he remained on the bed was hard to determine without a watch or natural light, but he could easily venture a few hours had passed.
His forehead rested gently on the kid’s collarbone, and with a start Tony realized that Peter was finally taller than him.
A sad smile lifted the corner of his lips, “since you’re so adamant that we’re both getting away… You need a nickname.”
It was only then that Tony suddenly realized that the pounding of the music wasn’t just lightly causing tremors but shaking the walls rather harshly. He frowned, looking up in a pause. He recognized the song, of course he did.
Before either soldier could continue forward, War Machine and the Black Panther (a moniker Tony had only ever heard in passing but was spot on for the king) blurred into action. The men moved like they had been training for the fight their whole life, limbs and weapons flying, heads ducking.
There’s no hiding the whimper of complete fear that overcomes him. Roger’s is holding a very familiar looking weapon in his hand, one that Tony hadn’t seen in years. He tries to push himself back further against the wall, ignoring the looks of confusion the two men throw at each other before Barnes is crossing the room in realization.
The bed is covered in a soft cream duvet, and there are plenty of soft pillows to prop himself up with. The color scheme seems to be a cross between pastels and a darker blue, someone clearly had made the room with the intention of making it feel homey.
The male looked at the sofa, frowning, “that I’m not submissive.” He spat the words.
The action seemed to spur more of a tantrum in the boy, who stumbled from out of the pile and ambled towards the archer. His lack of coordination didn’t help, and instead of crawling up to grab the pieces, Peter fell face first into Clint’s lap.
They had to regroup. Rogers could even begin to admit that seeing what Tony had pulled off had only strengthened his want for the genius. He agreed with Buck, not that he had to say it out loud.
“I can swim,” Peter shrugged, still wrapped up in the large towel.
Rhodey had turned and walked off of the steps, wrists out and ready to call his suit if someone were to show up. His eyes were focused solely on the crops, ready to take on anything or anyone.
He hands reached down quickly to slap the hand that had started to go for the second cookie. “Nope, these are mine.” He threw a sideways glance at the soldier and was relieved to find the male smiling in amusement.
It was there that things got fuzzy, the adrenaline along with the head injury had made everything seem like such a mess.
He motioned to the area where the hologram had once been. “How do you think I even got the picture of Wakanda up on the projection? Permission.”
From the glare he received, Tony shrugged. “Help me out here Carol. I need a good name for you, and I’m working with those two letters. It can’t be Carol Minion…. It’s needs to be something fantastic, amazing!”
Tony felt his heart stop, head whipping from the opening ramp to face the monitors in front of them. What was once a very simple mission was turning on its head as two figures emerged on the opposite side of the house from the aircraft, looking ready for a fight.
And Tony broke down into gut wrenching sobs.
Tony watched in confusion and half curiosity as a man finally stepped forward, his head hung slightly, shoulders hunched. The man looked like he was walking towards his funeral, which was simply ridiculous. At the end of the day, Tony would have reprimanded the man on his aim but given him a thank you for actually doing his job.
Peter, whom had started to walk alongside the bed with Pepper, jumped in shock and before Tony could reply screamed out. “Mr. Stark! He’s smiling! Happy is smiling! You’ve ended us all with your bad quoting!”
Once again, thank you for reading and I hope to hear back from you! Sorry for the long wait, hopefully I can get the next one out faster!
“Nothing stupid, there won’t even be enough time.” The blond was still grinning, picking up a little screw and twisting it at the tip of her fingers. “Tonight, or tomorrow… you pick.”
“Okay buddy, I need a little fire power to escape!” Tony yelped, relieved when a light finally beamed from his hand and tossed the woman several feet in the air.
At twenty-five, Steve Rogers was no longer a lost icon in history. And the Avengers Initiative had begun. Tony refused to get involved, but when the world had been endangered, used the suit to fly a missile into the sky. The team had tried to thank him, but his AI, adequately named Jarvis, had flown him from the scene.
Tony had frozen at the confession from the brunette, unable to process what had been said. Had they gone out and found his family? Had Jarvis truly allowed someone to get captured when it had been his creators last request to prevent it from happening?
“No, he’s Carol’s! He’s a Flerken!” Peter looked down at the animal.
At sixteen, he graduated.
Turning his gaze to the right, he noticed a door near the headboard, a dark leather sofa pushed against the right wall, and another door beside it. A dresser and a large television had been placed in front of the bed, and he realized a note had been left scrawled on the dresser.
“If you don’t stop pacing, they’re never going to get it done,” Bucky final drawled, holstering his gun to glance at the raging blond.
“Hello, I am Jarvis.”
There was a collective groan from the room, before Pepper stood and disappeared into the kitchen without another word. Tony was a bit surprised, knowing that she was trying desperately to curb his caffeine addiction before all the events had taken place.
Turning in his spot, Peter blinked his eyes open and stared at Tony quietly for a good minute before launching forward. He knocked them both back onto the mattress, laughing as he held onto the man. “I thought it was a dream! You’re really here!”
Landing on his feet, the orange cat immediately started to purr and rub itself against the little boy. “I like him!” Peter declared, turning to glance at the startled men sitting on the sofa. “Can I keep him? Pwease!!!”
“If you break another one of my things, I’m not replacing it Honeybear,” he grumbled, not bothering to open his eyes.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” The words came out raspy, the genius wanted to sound tougher but his heart had plummeted to his stomach.
Immediately, another dark blush washed over Peter’s face. Tony couldn’t stop the smug smile on his face as he stood and pivoted on the spot, moving towards the hallway. “Now, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!”
The day ended up passing fairly quietly.
Being under the weather must affect him more than usual, because he can feel his eyes getting slightly wet. He refuses to cry. Fortunately, the roar his stomach makes quickly turns the feeling into mortification and Tony turns to hide in the blonde’s chest.
They wouldn’t risk Tony’s anger again, would they?
The girl made a gagging sound, pretending to throw up in the corner at the thought of what the genius had done. However, instead of taking the time to comment on the action, she pivoted and started forward towards the workbench.
Making grabby hands at the tray of pizza, Tony whined her name in hopes that she would take pity on him. He was relieved to find that she did, rolling her eyes but giving him a piece before putting the tray on the table so the rest could grab their own pieces.
She smiles, but there is no real joy, just sadness that he’s too familiar with. He’s seen the look before, it’s of someone whose been defeated.
“A punching bag, we’re working on form first,” Rhodey explained. He ignored the fact that the smile dropped from his friend’s face when whatever he was planning was quickly foiled.
“Put… put it down gently,” he held up his hands, trying to placate the Hulk. He wasn’t sure what would happen if the server got destroyed before Jarvis managed to completely transfer, but Tony was positive he didn’t want to find out.
“How do you always get yourself injured?” Bucky says fondly, carrying Tony back into the large cabin and to a living room that could easily hold a large number of people.
“Tony!”
He’d gotten Jarvis to silence his room so that the group wouldn’t hear him scream. They didn’t know that he’d often fight invisible hands, picturing all the horrible things he imagined they wanted to do to him.
It took ten minutes. Ten minutes of agonizing sounds, before all that was left was a puddle of human parts. It was fortunate that Tony didn’t have anything in his stomach, he would have thrown up long ago.
Immediately, Bruce grabs the wheelchair and pushes Tony back so that the control board can come up, hands flying as he attempts to abort the mission. And while the projections that make the room look like the city disappear, the bots continue to attack.
For just a moment, he wanted to do exactly as he was ordered. But the trembling of the small body in his arms brought Tony back to why he had fought the men in the first place. He shook his head.
“No!” Peter cried, throwing himself on top of the pile when Clint made to reach for a piece again. “No! There’s a plan!” He openly glared at Clint, slapping at the man’s hand again.
“I swear, I’ll find a way to set Dum-E on you,” Peter threatened. “I hear he can do some damage with a fire extinguisher.”
And Tony suddenly felt an overwhelming sense of fear, eyes widening and unable to hold a whimper as the hands on his wrists tightened.
Tony sighed, holding the kid and moving towards the house. “I’m going to put him in the shower to warm up, can you get some warm clothing?” He asked Steve, glad that the group didn’t protest or try to fight him as he trudged up towards the room.
So finding himself waking up at two in the morning was no surprise, the sweat running down his face in rivulets. Tony threw a hand over the soft blue light of the Arc Reactor, trying to catch his breath so that he didn’t fall into a full blown panic attack.
“Hey kid,” Tony nodded. “Where are we?”
“So, Carol? You’re being nice to Mr. Tony, aren’t you?” Bucky asked, placing the plate of what looked like spaghetti and meatballs on Tony’s lap.
“I’ll take the bathroom in the hall!” He ran towards an aged dresser, pulling out clothing for himself and then reached into a basket nearby, throwing several pieces towards Tony. “There’s a clean towel already hanging up for you dad!”
Shocked, the genius tried to take in the sight in front of him without denying that Peter wasn’t real. But just a few feet behind the kid stood Rhodey, looking concerned as he observed the interaction.
“Ha!” Tony didn’t hold back the sound, reaching forward and swiping Steve’s still full cup of coffee and dodging back. He took a large gulp before speaking, “so you did take away their freedom! You can’t deny it now!”
She shrugged, slightly raising a hand to show that the tips of her fingers glowed. Tony was quick to slap it down, hiding it from whatever camera might have been aimed at them.
Shaking, Tony pushed himself as far as his body allowed. He intended to get off the bed, but found that while one leg was in a cast, the other had a thin chain secured around the ankle to the bedpost. He’d be able to move away from the bed, but only so far.
Without asking, Bucky scooped Tony up into his arms and twisted so that they were facing the door. The genius yelped, fighting the urge to vomit that had come from the sudden motion. He barely managed to focus before they were moving towards the front door, swinging open to reveal a smiling Bruce and Natasha.
He spun the projection until a virtual, 3D map appeared before them of the land. The image making it feel as if they truly had just stepped foot on the terrain. Unlike his claim, the only thing beside the barren fields and sparse trees that Pepper could see, were two large boulders.
It was the voice of the woman that interrupted him before either of the soldiers could do it.
Tony was so enthralled with Pepper, he didn’t notice when someone grabbed the bed at his feet to help Rhodey move him down the ramp so that they could get to wherever their final destination was. He let out a surprised yelp and looked down to meet the shining eyes of one Happy Hogan.
Without hesitation, she had been given an older, inconspicuous vehicle, and money to travel around the states. She had been given several different cards to use as identification, and an old phone that was untraceable should she be captured.
It wasn’t necessarily that Tony was vain, but he knew that there was a reason that he’d become a billionaire. And it wasn’t just from his father’s legacy.
Her eyes narrowed for a moment before observing the watch, and then grinning and stepping back so that the camera’s would catch the action.
“Cheeseburger for me, at least two hot dogs for Peter.”  He didn’t bother in fighting to make his own plate, knowing that he would be denied.
He’d have to find a time to pick the princess’ brain, surely, she had some amazing ideas that he could help come to light. Especially if it meant making the world better. Hell, as long as he steered the teens away from making real life lightsabers, they could likely conquer the world of technology in the blink of an eye.
He’d watched the affection between the two men, and had found himself aching to have it too. It was one of the reasons that they had started to openly show that Tony was quickly becoming a part of their relationship. Hell, he’d nearly taken it a step further when the two men had started to sleep in only boxers when he’d grown comfortable.
Peter, while extremely brave, couldn’t handle horror films. Tony would always poke fun at the fear, but never made the kid watch anything he didn’t want to watch. Of course, it helped that Peter didn’t know that Tony was also just as much of a chicken when it came to certain horror films. The Conjuring had been one they had avoided.
“Jarvis,” he murmured to his AI gently.
It takes him a moment to realize that he’s not holding onto a wall, but a solid black boot has stepped into his vision. With a frown Tony throws his head up, amused emerald eyes glittering down at him with familiarity.
Instead, the blond stood and scooped the genius into his arms without hesitation.  He nodded at Bucky as he carried the man to the bathroom, knowing the other soldier would be changing the bed sheets and getting everything ready for a good night’s rest for their former billionaire.
“I’m taking a shower,” Tony declared on the third night. “By myself, I’ll even sit on the floor so you don’t have to worry about me falling over, but I’m doing it.”
“Why don’t they just leave the house?” Sam chirps up as one of the children is attacked by a crazy looking older woman.
Blue eyes clashes with each other, widening in shock before the smiles on their faces widened as if they were looking at their own reflections. There was absolutely no way that Tony Stark had let the kid wander off on his own, they couldn’t have gotten that lucky.
Shuri, with her Princess Leia buns and big smile, nodded enthusiastically. Not the least bit humble about her abilities with the technology she had created or worked with, and that was just the way Tony had been as a kid.
The man startles, not expecting to be the one making the choice. His brain quickly starts to run over titles, trying to find something that he can watch without thinking of home. It’s almost impossible, but he clings to the first film he can think of that wouldn’t ruin a happy memory.
The fire that had been slowly dampening started to light up again, something akin to hope starting to shine in the trembling genius’ body.
The pencil stopped as Steve gave an affirming nod towards whatever he was looking at, and raised a finger to his mouth in the universal sign of silence. The man unfolded himself from the chair with a grace that would have made the genius envious if it weren’t for the fact that he’s moving forward towards the bed.
“Tony?” Peter was scared, the tone was obvious as he tried to understand what was running through his mentor’s mind.
Bucky had quickly started to use a different method than Steve and wasn’t afraid to somewhat hurt the genius. Although it could be argued that his punishment had wounded Tony’s pride more than physically hurt him.
“Well, it was supposed to be a surprise,” Bucky drawled, catching Tony’s attention. “But yeah, he’s got a lab now. Bruce will work with him, or one of us, but he’s going to work on some of the gear for us.” The brunette looks down to meet Tony’s wide eyes, grinning lightly. “Surprise doll.”
Startled, Tony jumped up from where he sat hunched over Natasha’s widow bites, yelping when he almost torched his hand.
A smirk lifted the corner of Steve’s lips, and it took every fiber in Tony’s body not to admit that his heart beat just a little faster at the sight.
Someone had left a pile of folded clothes on the sink, and Tony suddenly found himself wanting to do exactly as the note said. He wasn’t sure if it was conditioning, or simply the idea that getting clean might lead to learning more.
He keeps an eye out to make sure that Tony isn’t trying to build a suit or stealing pieces to use in the room, but otherwise, he sits at a table and looks over paperwork.
What he doesn’t tell the man is that he’s making the things specifically target the team so that when they try to shut down the system, the bots will override the code and continue attacking. The only way anyone will be able to stop the attack will be to completely destroy each bot systematically.
“Hey kiddo,” Steve gently greeted Peter as he sat down on the opposite side of his chair, holding open both arms. “Can I get a hug?”
“You de-aged me,
He doesn’t know how long it takes them to clean up the mess of having a dead person in the room, but Tony knows that by the time he’s taken back any evidence of Wanda will be gone. Fortunately, the group hadn’t heard what she had done, and therefore hadn’t tried to do something crazy, like removing his hand.
When he blinked tired eyes open again, the heart monitor was gone, as were most of the needles in his arm. Only a few remained, with substances he couldn’t begin to identify.
Bucky buried his face in the crook between Tony’s neck and shoulder, looking comfortable as he spoke just loud enough that the two occupants could hear him. “We will never leave you Tony, you’re ours doll.”
Wanda looks intently into his eyes, “whenever you start to forget, when they start to really get into your brain….” She reached forward and touches his fingers, pressing his hand into a fist so that the tips of the fingers touch his palm. “Press down three times on your palm, I’ve embedded your memories there. So, you can always remember.”
They wouldn’t have done that if he had been attempting to get away.
“I’ll never leave you kid,” Tony promised quietly. “I love you.”
“Everyone I consider to be one of my people, my… family, get’s a nickname. Rhodey is Platypus or Honeybear, Peter is Kid, so I can’t call you that even if it would fit.” Tony deftly dodged a pencil thrown at his head as Carol whisked her hand to the counter beside them.
With a tilt of his head Tony allowed the other to plant his lips between the apex of his neck and shoulder, humming in approval as his entire bodyweight settled on the soldier.
Before they could reach the two injured men, the suits had engulfed them in a sea of red and yellow chaos, going after the original team like ants. They had descended so quickly and without warning that the Avengers lost sight of which one had taken Peter and which one had taken Tony.
In the span of seconds, the repulsors on his feet blasted so much power that both Steve and Tony went toppling from the hole blasted into the building, Bucky’s fingers skimming the vibranium but never grasping as the two men lifted into the air.
“I did not sign up for this,” she reiterates for the hundredth time. “I do not want to be here.”
“I hope she sends him soon,” Peter quietly interrupted the silence, not wanting to be heard outside.
“Steve just said I can make things better, that’s the first thing I want to work on. It can be right after breakfast, but I want to fix it.” Tony continued as if he hadn’t heard the actual protest in the man’s voice.
His gaze zeroed in on the king standing a few feet from the office, looking happy and relaxed as if the man hadn’t made the decision to leave a child behind.
The reminder of the group having supreme power of the outside world hit him like a brick to the face. It was scary, how quickly he could forget. He squeezed his palm once but didn’t dare do it again in case Bucky noticed that something was off.
“We’re going to go finish his room across the hall,” Steve nodded. “Buck will make dinner, it’ll just be us tonight.”
“Jarvis, speaker.” Tony commanded, too wired to be polite as Rhodey helped him move so that he was seated on the sofa rather than crouched on the ground.
Someone was trying to get in.
But there was something, a little thing in his gut that Tony would like to claim was a spidey sense, that told him that they needed to make haste.
No, he had killed an innocent woman.
“Cartoons, so you don’t scare your daddy, right?” Steve continued.
The genius turned his attention to the kid, who looked as if he were trying not to laugh as he didn’t dare make eye contact with the man. It was clear that they weren’t worried about Tony panicking again, not when everyone looked almost amused at whatever was going on.
A straw was suddenly in his face, a worried Rhodey holding the cup of water up with slightly trembling hands. Tony didn’t question it, taking the water and sighing in relief when it smoothed the ache in his throat.
He watched for a moment as Steve, along with a piece of vibranium now drenched in Tony’s blood, tumble onto the rooftop. He doesn’t have the time to continue watching the former hero, as Carol grabs his other arm and pulls with more strength than Tony expects. It was strength that she had kept secret under whatever drugs the Avengers had placed her on.
“Well, he is determined,” Bucky observed, watching the figure disappear over the graveyard wall. “Isn’t it bad luck to enter the place of the dead at night?”
One of them took Tony’s hand, running a thumb gently over the back in circles in a manner that was oddly comforting. “You’re okay, you’re not in there anymore,” Steve reassured softly.
At that moment, Tony took in exactly where they had landed. It was familiar, too familiar. It had been the same farmhouse in which Jarvis had come to him with Wanda and her brother. It was the same place where he had broken down and remembered what family meant.
“Tony, honey, let go,” it was Steve. It was also the gentlest he’d ever heard the soldier speak, which was partially the reason he so easily let his arm fall away from the child.
It took several minutes for everyone to settle down, and Tony couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so at home around the people he loved. He let out a sigh, looking around at the faces of the people who he would treasure forever.
I'm the slowest writer ever, I'm sorry! I don't like doing "author's notes" so that's why I go quiet. But here another chapter! Sorry it's taking so long. Oh, and the drama is coming.
Peter grinned wide, like he knew that the name bothered the man but used it anyway. The two were like siblings, bickering constantly.
Suddenly, everything made sense. The promise, the desperation, the items being moved for stock. It all made sense, and Peter wasn’t happy with it.
Her arms were crossed over her chest, eyes narrowed as she stood with her legs parted in front of Tony. Despite having been de-aged, she still had her wits with her, the intelligence shining in her too bright eyes told the genius all he needed to know.
Carol, because she didn’t want to see the genius withdraw when she brought up the idea.
The bots and Peter had been an exception, the first were creations he’d made specifically to help, and he considered sacred despite their mistakes. The latter was able to keep up with him in both mind and movement, at times doing things even faster than Tony could catch up to. He rarely had to even glance up before Peter would start to pass over whatever he was looking for with a cheshire grin on his face.
Tony yelps, grabbing Peter as he throws them both back as what looks like tentacles come flailing from his mouth. The monstrosity that has come out of Goose whip wickedly in the air for a moment before the cat wretches and a small radio set covered in a plastic bag falls to the floor.
“You should come to bed, let me and Stevie take care of you.” Bucky drawled, already lifted Tony into a bridal carry so that he could traverse the small space into the next room.
“They’re my family now, I think.” Peter had taken a seat at the grave. He spoke as if he were having a conversation, smiling at the stone gently.
“We need to leave.”
“Was that Peter?” Tony didn’t know if he wanted the answer, wanted the confirmation that they had taken away his snarky teenager. But then again, he had his memories, Carol had retained hers, what’s to say that the child didn’t remember too?
Bucky pretended as if nothing had happened, arms wrapping further around the genius. They sat in silence for a while, listening to the sounds of the other’s getting fixed up and Sam complaining that his wrist was sprained.
Tony rolled his eyes, unable to suppress the urge. “Fine, I’ll scream, happy?”
He didn’t have to take a moment to remember what had happened, hands aching where they lay bandaged beside him.
Throwing a look at Carol, the genius nodded. “I’ll be happy to sit and talk, but I’m a little exhausted and wouldn’t mind having some coffee too. Life blood, and all.”
He sets Tony on the sofa and disappears for a moment, returning with a box. Sitting at Tony’s feet, the man reveals a pair of tweezers and bandages. “This is going to hurt a little doll, but you heal quicker so we have to get any glass out.”
Rather loud, in case someone was listening into their conversation, he continued. “We’re going to work on seeing about a weapon for you tomorrow Carol, you’ve already changed my mind on that. But today we have to finish the last touches on the rest of the team’s stuff. Make sure that nothing gets in their way.”
---------
Tony had opened his mouth to scream, when Rogers shoved something inside. Moving faster than the genius could follow, the blond wrapped a restraint around his lower torso, keeping his arms and hands trapped to his sides.
“I know that you’re not happy with us, with me and Buck.” He ignored the snort from the genius, pretending he didn’t hear the ‘you think’ grumbled under Tony’s breath. “But sweetheart, you can’t deny that we have something special. When you… left…” He winced. “You didn’t deny it Tony; you didn’t deny that you loved us.”
“I’m going to prep our weapons for our training session,” Clint piped up. He motioned for the rest of the team to follow, leaving only Bucky and Steve behind. “I’ll call Thor and Loki to come back, we may need them,” he threw over his shoulder.
Tony nods, using his good leg to stand so that he can lean forward and get a clear view of the large training room.
“Go to sleep babe, we’ll talk tomorrow.” A voice gently encouraged him.
Tony was quick to notice that one of the cookies looked a little raw, while the other appeared perfect. He immediately figured that the second one was from Bucky, the raw one had to be one of Peter’s creations.
Tired, disoriented, hooked up to several machines. Sounded about right, but what had caused it?
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony pushed both of them to move, somehow managing to keep up with Peter as they ran. But movement to his left caused his concentration to fail and Tony’s foot got caught in one of the pieces of cement that had fallen from the ceiling.
“It appears as if you are the most troublesome, still.” The man sounds a bit fond as he speaks, looking up and throwing a dagger from his belt. The thing goes straight through one of the oncoming threats, the bot staggering for a moment before it starts forward again.
“You’re thinking too much,” she observed lightly.
Tony whimpers. Both men frowning at the bruise forming around the genius’ skin.
“We should probably start getting things ready to go,” T’Challa nodded towards the hallway. “Would you all mind helping move some things into the craft? We can take off the moment that Jarvis has finished.”
“Just promise me kid. You’re too much like me, and I know you’ll blame yourself. Promise me, if there’s one thing that you can do for me, promise me!” Tony had actually gotten out of the chair, shaking terribly but looking at Peter like the words he wanted were a lifeline.
--------------------------------
“The system, it’s up!”
A hand flew into the air, catching the screwdriver before it could make contact with the down turned head.
Jarvis. Another person standing in the way of them getting Tony back. The AI had managed to hack their systems and destroy every trace of Tony Stark or the rebellion. The technicians hadn’t been able to do anything to stop it.
Two hands gripped his own, although it was hard to hold onto Tony when his hands were slippery with blood. He turned furious eyes to meet T’Challa’s gaze, “turn the fuck around, now!”
Catching on that their genius doesn’t seem to be calming down, Barnes lifts him from the chair and sits back on the ground, bringing Tony to rest on his lap. He uses one hand to bring Tony’s head to his chest, forcing the genius to listen to his heartbeat so that he can calm down.
A half smile lifted the corner of his lips before the brunette turned back to his coffee mug, cradling it like the warmth would transfer all over his body. He was glad that the grip on the ceramic hid the fact that his hands were trembling.
They had walked for a long time, coming upon an old farm house that had been placed in the middle of a few trees. A big, wide porch wrapped around the entire two story structure, painted a soft white. It was exactly what someone would picture as a lovely, quiet escape house.
Tony had let him rant, and then gently explained that he didn’t blame the kid for anything. He’d even wanted to hear more about Peter’s uncle. The two had bonded further, keeping the other company so that the rest of the team could run around and fret over them like mother hens.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Rogers stopped for a moment, looking directly at the camera. “Tony,” the following grin was positively wicked.
“No!” He screamed, “Open the door!”
The genius had insisted that he could change out of his sweaty clothing on his own but was quickly ignored when Steve took over. Bucky disappeared to start dinner while the blond tried to convince Tony that the Captain America shield shirt was not tacky.
“Tony, I don’t think-” Steve started to speak but was cut off with a look from the genius.
The billionaire froze, looking back at the struggling prisoner in shock. There had been such a huge blast, none of them should have gotten out alive. But it had been a quick death, not what was being suggested in the room.
Throwing two activators on his wrists, in case he had to call his suit, Rhodey gave a mock salute towards the two brunettes and started after T’Challa and the Dora Milaje.
Tony’s body is trembling, he can’t stop the motion as he looks the stranger in the face. She’s young, maybe only a few years older than Peter.
The archer ran into the room, looking a cross between excited and terrified with a struggling orange bundle in his arms.
Instead, he was trembling, body shaking so hard that even in Barnes’ unrelenting grip, he continued to shake. Tears silently streamed down his face, staring wide eyed at where a man had once stood.
“Wha…What movie?” He tried to hide the stutter, clearing his throat as he shot a tight smile at Peter.
“And he did,” Steve immediately retorted.
“You’ll be okay,” Bucky murmured. “You’ve been so well-behaved Tony,” he praised.
“No!” Peter cried, “Daddy! No!”
“Barnes and Rogers!” He managed to shriek in his panicked breath, hearing the men gaining on him as he sprinted towards the wall. “They’re here Tony! What do I do! They’re gaining!” The teen was panicking, his training falling to the back of his mind as he desperately tried to get away from the super soldiers.
“I’m figuring out where you’ll escape to if we’re found,” he admitted. Tony had already come to terms with the idea that their safety wouldn’t last forever. Rogers was determined. Eventually, someone was going to mess up.
Several days passed with the same routine.
“Pe…Peter?” Tony finally managed to stutter.
With a shout he pulled his wrist back, the sight a bit ridiculous as the man held half the gauze in his hand and Tony’s arm stuck out from where he collapsed on the sofa.
Suddenly, the suits started to blow up. Flying into the sky and causing explosions as the rain helped to thicken the confusion. In the panic of finding the two injured men, the Avengers let them get away without knowing it. Two bland suits that simply disappeared into the night.
Bucky had then proceeded to wrap the little boy in the blanket, making him look like a chunky blue burrito with only his little eyes peeking out from the top. There had been no hesitation in picking up the bundled child and carrying him from the room. Tony’s shirt having dried during the time in the bathroom, the genius merely threw aside his shoes so he could follow the two down the hall.
No one’s spoken, seemingly taking him in as he observes the surroundings. Natasha sits on a sofa, splayed out as if she doesn’t intend to share her space with anyone. Thor and Bruce share a sofa, both already have full plates on their laps. Sam’s taken the bean bag chair, and soon enough Clint’s joining the group as he sprawls on the floor with his own plate of food.
Tony paused, not sure how she would like the answer to her question. He trusted her to escape on her own, to get out of the building with the power and trust she was slowly gaining from the team. He didn’t know if he’d be able to go with her, or if she’d even have time go grab him before she disappeared into the sunrise.
Tony would not admit the yelp that escaped him when two hands tucked under his armpits and lifted him to his feet in one swift motion. Steve wrapping a solid arm around his waist, pulling the genius into his chest with a grin.
His blue eyes were shining, filled with life and hope. He didn’t look sick, only a bit pale from having lost blood the day prior. There were a few new scars to add to the equation, but the arc reactor still glowed in his chest. He was still the same old Tony that he had thought he’d left behind in the bunker.
Before Tony can open his mouth to ask what the gesture meant, another door to the left that he hadn’t noticed opened, and a voice he hadn’t heard in what felt like years greeted him.
“Still won,” the genius shrugged.
“Peter, care to tell them about Jarvis?” He would explain, but the truth was that he wouldn’t get through it without coughing. The rain was freezing, and not helping at all in trying to look strong in front of the group. Had his body always been shaking?
“I’m sorry, I know that he isn’t your child by blood. But that boy threatened a king several times, and only someone who truly loves another would do this.” T’Challa even managed to shrug regally as he continued. “We made a plan, and now you’re here. When night falls, we will take my jet to Wakanda.”
“Are you alright sweetheart?” His lips were close enough to Tony’s skin so that the man felt the lips softly brushing against his ear with each word.
His brows furrowed, trying to understand exactly what had happened. His memory was fuzzy, but he could have sworn that his hands had been mummified in bandages. Even the deep cut he had been sporting from his escape from America’s former sweetheart had all but vanished. Not even a scar to show where it had been.
Due to some of the comments, I wanted to get this message out about this story.
At twenty, Tony Stark almost completely disappeared from the spotlight. And while it was common knowledge that he was the creator of all Stark Technology, the young man was no longer interesting to the public. He didn’t party, he didn’t drink, and he rarely did anything of interest. While he had made some public appearances for fundraisers, he was always quiet and observant.
Life was, in a sense, right where it needed to be for Tony.
Tony had even managed to get a promise out of Steve that the girl wouldn’t undergo any sort of torture. That she would be simply kept in her room and fed regularly, like she deserved.
I'm kind of enjoying writing this right now :) Hope you enjoyed a day in the bunker.
Tony gulped.
Looking between the shower and the chair, Tony steeled himself and used the counter to stand. His legs threatened to give out beneath him, and the room spun for a moment, but he managed to get himself into the shower.
Tony squawked at the insult, stomping after Peter as the smaller brunette cackled and all but skipped out of the room in the direction of the lab.
The genius instantly pouted, unable to stop himself, at the words. “I am not little.”
“I know something else I can get hot,” Steve whispered back, causing the archer to make a gag sound while red blossomed throughout the genius’ body.
Despite being covered, like Tony, Rogers lifted a hand and rubbed his back in a comforting manner, waiting for the gagging noises to subside. It took only moments, but Tony instantly fell back against his chest, body giving out completely.
“We’ll leave right now then, let’s get out of here.” The man turned back, moving to pick up Tony when a metal arm grabbed his own. The five suits that had been working around the clock to pack their things were in the room, restraining everyone minus Tony.
“He’ll slip up, they always do.” Natasha conceded nearby, also glancing at the screens. “It’s only a matter of time. And when he does, we’ll be there.”
Steve had shushed him gently and had started to hum quietly. One hand had lifted and placed the breathing mask on his face, causing the genius to slump in relaxation even further. The sound was soothing, and soon enough Tony was sinking under, allowing himself to be cuddled by the large man.
Tony frowned, weighing the options in his head. The words rang true in his mind. A life that was completely safe meant that he’d never take risks. That he’d never created some of the spectacular inventions that he had made.
“Platypus?”
“What are we watching?” Clint immediately breaks the silence of the room.
“You know Tones, sooner or later I will get a pie to throw at y-” Rhodey’s words were cut off by a loud bang that made the whole room freeze. The sound echoed, but no one knew where it had come from or what had caused it.
The other scientist waved at them, before focusing back up on the sides that he had been chopping before the two had made an appearance.
The man used the wheelchair to push himself to his own room, pouring himself a drink despite the protest that came from the A.I. that his health was in jeopardy. It was too late to worry about himself.
Edwin took over. “You’re only here because you need to be,” he paused. “You’re about to sacrifice everything, because you think it’s the right thing to do. And while we can’t deprogram you from what you’ve already suffered, we can try to convince you.”
“Five functioning suits sir, although two have sustained some damage from the fight.”
With so many months in captivity, listening to orders was almost second nature to Tony. It didn’t pass by his friend’s observations that the man instantly quieted and stilled, allowing the doctor to finish his work on the arm.
Tony can’t scream. He can’t move. He’s helpless as he stares down at the specks of blood covering his body.
The silence stretched for too long, because Bruce finally looked up with something akin to concern. Tony knew that they would be reporting whatever happened between him and the now child, so he forced a smile and broke the silence with a harsh laugh.
“I’ll take care of you,” Bucky was quick to jump up, taking the spoon and filling it with soup. He blew on it for a moment to cool it down, and then began to feed Tony like it was an everyday thing. When the man noticed that the genius still held the question of the girl in his eyes, Bucky looked over his shoulder at Steve.
Thank you for all the kudos, all the comments, and all the bookmarks! I hope that I can continue to do this story the justice it deserves. I feel like this chapter was a little rushed :( but I hope you like it!
“Go to sleep Tones,” the arm around his waist tightened, bringing Tony towards the big chest in front of him with an undignified squeak. When he was settled against Steve, he let his eyes wander up to meet the amused blue hues with an indignant huff.
They flew for at least four hours before landing, the silence almost peaceful as Carol concentrated on contacting whomever had rigged Jarvis into helping them escape.
The king, looking as cool as a cucumber, spoke calmly. “You know I can’t do that Tony. You must calm yourself.”
A dark look ran over Steve’s face, “language, honey.”
He doesn’t wait for consent from Tony, instead he reaches down and slowly lifts the genius so that he’s completely resting against Steve. Instead of laying mostly on the bed, Tony is partially sitting up with his head tilted lazily on the man’s collarbone. He has no energy to fight it, and in a sick way is comforted by the body heat the man that seems to be a human furnace is omitting.
Upon returning to the base, Steve had roared at the technicians to start moving.
“Kid,” Tony didn’t finish, not sure what else to say.
“You.”
He knew that he was screaming, somehow it processed in his brain, but there was nothing he could do to stop the reaction as the hands kept prying away at his body. With another scream, Tony threw himself backwards, only to find he’d landed on another one of his torturers.
Wanda smiled a genuine, content smile as she gazed at him. “Because you did.”
“So, does this mean I get to meet the real Tony Stark?” Her finger stroked the tip of one of the archer’s arrows as she turned and raised a brow at the man.
The genius knew a cuss word he wanted to say at that moment, but instead narrowed his eyes and tried to stay still. However, as the silence in the room grew louder, Tony started to become aware of elements in the bathroom that he hadn’t thought about. The water in the tub was up to his waist, and while it wasn’t rising, it wasn’t comforting.
“She won’t be forced to join us; she will be free to leave if she chooses. But if she stays where she currently is, we won’t be able to help her.”
As he laughed and cried, his body slowly curled forward and there was no warning as the soup that had barely reached his stomach came flying back out. Bucky was quick to jump out of the way, but Steve, whom was still holding Tony in his lap, hadn’t been so lucky.
“Tony, Tony, Tony…” Steve grinned, both hands moving so they held the struggling genius’ arms down amongst the pillows.
His senses warned Peter just in time to throw himself to the right, rolling on the ground as Rogers almost snatched his sweater. Using the momentum of the roll, Peter staggered to his feet and started to sprint like the hounds of hell were nipping at his heels. Not that the comparison was far from the truth.
“Peter!” Steve all but gasped the name.
Tony didn’t know how long he stayed sitting on the ground where the ship had been. His mind had gone blank, and his body felt twice as heavy as before. It was only when Jarvis had insisted that he get somewhere more comfortable that the genius allowed himself to stand.
This one has a large flat screen across the bed, the latest technology. He inwardly snorts, knowing he could have always made something better than what’s sitting in front of him. Turning to the side slowly (he refuses to risk getting dizzy) he notes that unlike the prior rooms, this one has a floor to ceiling window. The curtains are mostly closed, but if he squints his eyes and looks at the small opening in the middle he can make out city lights.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the absolutely lovely comments, kudos, and bookmarks! I love that you guys are "enjoying" this crazy story. Hope you enjoy this chapter! I have some fantastic plans for what's coming up >:)
One of the Dora Milaje stepped forward, held back only by a hand calmly placed out by the king. Rogue, whom hadn’t spoken a word, was watching the exchange with interest in her eyes. “They’ll be okay Tony.”
The young woman had been rendered powerless, likely in the same way they had obtained Wanda. However, Tony figured that it was only a matter of time before whatever device or injection they used would wear off, and she’d be free to run.
“No!” Steve growls out. “You’re not leaving us Tony!”
“Language Tony,” Steve all but whispered.
“Tony, we need to make sure he’s okay…” Steve actually seemed sincere, as if he cared about what Peter felt or thought.
Carol didn’t respond, choosing to walk forward and open another doorway in the maze that they had taken down. However, unlike before, they walked into a brick room.
Tony glances over his shoulder and is startled to find that Bucky stopped his pursuit. In fact, the soldier leans against the front door and watches him with a sad look in his eyes. The stain of chocolate dripping down the man’s shirt slowly dries in the cold of the outside air.
Almost catatonic, lost to the memories of a cave, Tony didn’t respond to any of the words being repeated to him. It was almost as if the man had left his own body, and didn’t even register as he was lifted, dressed, and hurried into the bedroom.
Tony’s smile was bright. “Alright, Captain Marvel then.”
“I got Tony,” Bucky volunteers, gesturing that Steve talk to the newcomers as the rest of the team starts to move.
Still confused as to how his injuries had healed without a trace, and why he wasn’t chained down after having already escaped once, Tony finally looked around the room.
T’Challa leaned forward on the sofa, looking very much like the king he had been raised to be. “When your family arrived, I knew what had happened. However, we couldn’t act immediately, as the suspicion would have been too great. My sister and your son, they helped figure out how to replicate your suit.”
He suddenly finds himself standing next to Pepper, whose eyes are gleaming with happy tears as she punches him in the arm, claiming that she was worried.
The Captain withheld an amused laugh at the question. Whomever the civilian was, they had some nerve breaking curfew. But technically, they were now trespassing on city property.
“I made it from scratch,” Bucky explained. “I wanted to make sure that it wasn’t too heavy, so you should be able to keep it down.”
Arms pulled him closer to the warmth, and he felt safer than he had in a long time. Tony finally drifted off as the voice promised gently, “we’ll get him for you.”
“Sir, I must inform you that Mr. Parker has left the bunker.” Jarvis’ sounded panicked, as if the A.I. had his own concerns about the news he was sharing.
“What?” Tony slumped completely against the cushions, glad that he wasn’t standing as his legs would surely give out on him if he continued listening to the explanation that was horrifying him.
He quickly glanced down at his chest, seeing that everything was in working order. The blue light glowed brightly beneath the hospital gown he’d been put in.
Steve returned the grin and planted a solid kiss on his lovers’ mouth. “Two husbands and a son? I want it official.”
Tony’s eyes became glazed in his panic, only seeing Afghanistan as he ran out of air again and again, unable to die.
“Jarvis is currently at eighty percent in his processing, but as soon as he’s done, those…” Shuri pointed to a line at the top of the monitors, it was solid red at the moment. “Will turn blue.”
“Jesus! Take a joke!” The archer yelped as he ran forward to perch on top of a table, eyes running across the newly updated weapons with glee. He was excited to try the inventions that came from someone who was so intelligent.
“Once your transfer is complete, we’ll head home,” T’Challa spoke.
“I think I can stand,” Tony admonished, but was completely ignored as Rhodey pushed the bed into the hall and towards a ramp.
Easing Peter into the booth next to him, Tony instructed the kid on what to type, watching as his fingers deftly moved over the keyboard.
“I… I didn’t think you were coming back,” Tony confessed quietly.
The child throws a glare the man’s way but continues building, as if nothing is happening beyond Natasha’s lap. His concentration causing him to look almost exactly like a miniature version of Tony when they’d let him work in the lab at the old facility.
“Just one bite,” Bucky tried again.
“No, you’re a genius in distress. Scream.” She admonished, moving at a slower pace so that Tony could keep up as they made their way towards the lab that he had been gifted.
Tony couldn’t stop the laugh that suddenly bubbled up, startling the men. And once it started, he couldn’t stop. Bucky wasn’t quick enough to pull the remaining bowl of soup from his lap as it tilted and poured over the bed. Tony’s body sitting up without the soldier as the hysterical laughter slowly turned into sobs.
“Jarvis, I think escape would be good right about now!” He yelled out in a panic, the repulsors on his feet lighting up quickly as they threw him and the suit back.
The brunette froze, his body stiffening despite being around a man that he absolutely loved. Abraham Eskrine was the reason Steve still existed. Why Howard had someone to worship as a hero, why Tony was currently in his situation.
I'll try to update when I can (like I said, work is HECTIC right now and so is life). I'm so so honored that you guys enjoy this twisted story! <3
He doesn’t notice when there are more people besides the three of them, doesn’t see the looks thrown the Captain’s way as he’s carried into the room. He does, however, notice a scent that he hasn’t smelled in years.
“Lab Music.”
“I’m just the errand boy, come to retrieve the wayward child for the adults.” The man sighed, sitting up and starting to undo the restraints that had kept Tony on the bed. Unlike Bruce, this man knew how to fight and wouldn’t be taken out so easily.
He was alone.
“Well, let’s see what your programing has done,” Bruce comments, sitting back as the control board sinks so that the two of them can practically press against the window to watch the action.
There was no way to hide that his face went a little pale at the sight, but beyond that Tony didn’t react as he was set down so that he could face the god he had once defeated in some semblance of dignity. Not that he had much left.
Tony felt his heart rate speed up, eyes widening as the door opened to reveal two guards and a struggling man between them. The man was blindfolded, begging in a language of Middle Eastern origin that Tony was quick to pinpoint. He vaguely recognized the man as one of the surviving Ten Rings terrorists.
Both turned to face Pepper, leaning against the frame with a half-smile as she watched them. “Coffee and breakfast will be done in five minutes,” she added.
He closes his eyes tightly and just takes comfort in being completely covered by the body mass that is Captain America.
Systematically, the group started to take over government by government, country by country, until the last remaining hope was America itself. On the persistence of Rhodey, Pepper, and his friend Happy, Anthony Stark had gone into hiding. Of course, he’d brought them along.
“Ouch, that’s a far cry from calling me Honeybear,” Barton spoke, although he didn’t stop the vroom sounds as he continued to push Tony down the hall.
“Of course, you are the one that can change the tide. Not only with your brain, but by using their own ideas against them. You, Tony, are the hope that we need.”
Steve looked up from where he had been going through files about the rebellion. At first, the group had been annoying, but they hadn’t been a threat. However, they had taken Tony, and that meant that they were no longer going to remain unharmed.
Glad for the relief, Tony squeezed his eyes shut as he curled a bit into himself, further pressing against the person behind him who had begun to hum a tuneless song. However, the sound stopped when his tears became audible, the sound of his sobs filling the room.
And soon, the group of vengeful heroes basically ran the planet. Rules and regulations were set, harsh punishments were set forth. Anyone with powers was required to step forward and work with the team of former heroes, or risk dying.
It rang twice before it picked up, and this time the brunette had the projection thrown onto the wall rather than the 3D hologram it was designed to make.
Raising a weak hand, sure to keep the IV’s from pulling out, Tony removed the mask so he could talk to the calm man. “I need to use the bathroom,” he claimed through a smile.
“We should avoid looking into Rogers for a while,” Tony finally spoke up.
“I doubt that, his cooking is divine,” Sam started.
Both of them sauntering from the room, the banter about food trailing behind them as Tony continued to stare blankly ahead.
His heart sped up, thinking about the fact that in only a few hours, he’d get to see his family again. His son, as T’Challa had put it, had fought tooth and nail to get him back. Tony couldn’t have been more touched if he tried.
-------------------
Heart in his throat, Tony could do nothing as he watched Bucky pull Peter hard enough that the kid managed to tear his shirt into pieces, getting pulled away from Tony with protest after protest.
He waved a hand towards the fixed appliances, never looking away from Tony. “Now, I want to speak to you about what you’re doing here. Did you really think I’d be fooled by your accidental bots?”
“What happened to you Tony?” Rogers had stepped towards the camera, his blue eyes wide as he took in the medical equipment attached to the genius.
Bucky held Peter up by a set of bands on his hands, cutting them when Tony arrived. Rogers looked like the cat that had finally gotten the mouse.
While Tony had protested being separated from Carol, he had stopped begging rather quickly when he realized the looks he’d gotten from the two soldiers. Despite everything, he needed to behave if he wanted to give the girl a chance at getting away.
To those of you who had a bad feeling... your Spidey senses must have been tingling....
Immediately, the soldier got to his feet, bouncing Peter on his hip as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Praying silently that the cries wouldn’t reach down the hall to where Tony and Steve slept soundly after their disastrous breakfast.
Several of the Dora Milaje had taken on fighting Thor, whom they had somehow managed to get on the ground even if the fight looked overwhelming and terrible.
When he landed across from the group, he immediately caught wind of the archer in a tree nearby, waiting to shoot down anyone who tried to stop the trade. Bruce wasn’t anywhere to be seen, but the man had always been passive except for in his other form and wouldn’t have wanted to be involved anyway.
The gods had returned only hours prior, but Loki had explained that wherever the genius had disappeared to was untraceable. Someone, another spellcaster they hadn’t known existed, had blocked off the man’s presence.
With a sigh, T’Challa stood from the sofa and dusted invisible lint from his pants. The man looked tired, which made sense considering the sun had gone down in the time it had taken them to finish their conversation. “I’ll leave you to catch up with your family. Carol and I will get everything ready go to, so take this time to have some fun and relax. To recover.”
To get away from the former Avengers meant that he’d see his family again. He hoped that Peter wouldn’t be disappointed in how he handled himself. He hoped the kid would see that Tony had only given into the demands of his captors when he realized that his options were quite dim.
But if they were right, if this was who they thought, then they wouldn’t let the opportunity slip.
“Tony! How do I turn them off?” He shouts, looking at the genius who hides his grin with a shocked expression.
“Door closed!” He commanded, and Tony couldn’t withhold the smile of amusement that the child was so demanding. Even if his heart was making a permanent home in his stomach.
Tony, finally focusing on the device, felt himself freeze. The expression was washed from his face quickly, the shock at seeing Peter’s music player held gently by the very man that had separated them. Did they know that this was something he’d created for the kid? Probably not, or they wouldn’t be handing it to him.
As one, the group started towards the craft, the pilot already turning it on and lifting it so that the opening ramp was hovering only a few inches from the ground.
“Underoos?”
“Obie did-” Tony cut himself off. He didn’t like to talk about the very man whom he had trusted. The man who had hurt the genius more than the two soldiers could possibly attempt to do.
The genius wanted to bristle at the words, but merely blinked watery eyes at Steve as he was in his line of sight. It didn’t take long for the unasked question to get answered, where were they?
Tony had succumbed to his exhaustion once they had settled on reruns of an old sitcom, feeling like he could finally relax with Peter settled safely in his arms. The kid had remained awake, vigilant even as the echoes of sleep tried desperately to summon him under.
The blond notices that the man’s eyes are watering, that he looks torn about what’s happening. He takes full advantage and continues talking. “Stop trying to run baby. Stay here, please. We’ll forget any of this happened. Please Tony, sweetheart, I love you.”
Before anyone could react, Peter managed to squirm out of his blanket and onto the ground. He quickly moved across the room and raised his arms, demanding that the cat be handed to him. Clint looked ready to argue when the animal hissed and he dropped him in surprise.
Tony’s head snapped up, confused by the comment. “Who?”
“Buck?” When the man looked up like an overeager puppy, he continued. “What happened? At the warehouse, I mean.” Tony inwardly cursed, he had never been someone to fumble or stutter over his words. He’d always been the easy going, smooth talker. But the fear in his gut was still present.
“Goose!” The little boy cried joyfully, his hands once more lifting as if in celebration.
I live!! Thank you for the comments, kudos, bookmarks, etc! You guys are the best! Sorry that I've slowed down so drastically on updates, but I swear I'm not abandoning the story, I'm just a slow writer. I hope you enjoy this chapter! :)
He didn’t protest as Bucky helped him sit up, conceding to the pill and finding himself still relieved that Peter was not the person they had captured. The idea helped wash away some of the feelings he’d started having for the two men, helped to remind him that maybe the loneliness was better.
Taking the hint, Tony easily spoke, all hints of crying gone from his voice, unwavering. “My kid doesn’t want you in the bathroom!”
When the whole day passed without sign of either Steve or Bucky, Tony found himself pacing in their room. He had a slight limp, but that didn’t deter the movements as he tried to piece where they could have possibly gone.
“Help you.” Jarvis affirmed, nodding at the other man to speak.
Distracted by the two, Tony didn’t have enough time to dodge the solid body that ran right into him and threw him over a shoulder and into the mat with a thump. The laughter, however, told him it wasn’t a real threat.
------------------------------------
“Like hell!” He stood up, running towards the closest window that showed they were high in the air. “Turn this fucking plane around, right now!”
Peter, giggling as he tried to use Tony as a human shield. Rhodey stood to their right looking bemused, May standing akimbo across the room as she glared daggers at the two geniuses that had burnt her dinner.
“Stephen Strange,” he introduced himself, reaching forward and gently pulling Tony’s arm back to its original position so he could finish wrapping the wound. “Now hold still so I can finish this, it won’t do you any good to bleed out.”
“Five days?” Steve stood, tilting his head. “I think if we get someone on the rebellion we can do it faster.”
Tony grinned, “yep, I’m really here.”
“A New Hope,” Steve lifted the controller, clicking through a few menu’s before getting to the correct film.
Tony had started to hyperventilate, a bumbling mess of fear as his eyes met the floor, refusing to make eye contact with anyone in the room.
Tony doesn’t move, mouth dropped open as he stares at the radio set in shock.
“He missed you, you know? Had to come back here to reconfigure after that escape,” she stood, watching as Tony did the same.
He turned his brown eyes to glance at the bed in which he’d awoken, the sheets a mess in his quick scurry to get to his feet. He had been with his family after barely escaping. They had taken him to help someone he didn’t know evade the clutches of the very people whom terrified him.
Without hesitation the man all but glided forward and folded the genius into his arms. There was no protest as Tony all but buried himself into his shirt, tears drenching Edwin’s clothes as he held what he still considered a boy to his body. One hand rose to gently run through the man’s hair, soothing him until the sobs quieted, until Tony could think again.
Dun Dun DUN!!!!! So.... is Tony going to be able to get out of there? Will he want to? And does Loki actually know what's going on, or is he just find the whole situation amusing? ;) Stay tuned! Leave comments, you guys give me some great ideas ;)
“There’s no use fighting us, come on Stark.” Steve tilted his head as he stared at the face plate that had slid over Tony’s face. “Do you know, you’re just as pretty as your dad was, and even smarter.”
Everyone else looks fine, just ruffled from what they had faced. It appears as if Tony got off easy if he only reopened a wound.
--------------------------
Thank you for the comments, kudos, and bookmarks! You guys motivate me, so I did this a little earlier than I thought I would!!
The man looked down at his lap with an exhale, hands fiddling in his lap. “I’ll try,” came the words, and despite how sharp Pepper was, the relief blinded her to the fact that Tony never promised.
Someone was speaking, saying something. Everything hurt.
There was absolute silence for a moment, as if the entire table couldn’t believe that the little boy had done such a thing.
After a moment, Tony nodded. He’d always trust Edwin; the man had raised him into someone that hadn’t become a robot to Howard Stark.
Tony felt his heart pick up in worry for the kid and was back to wrapping his arms around him and curling away from the men in front of his chair.
He turned and closed the door slowly, nodding towards the toilet. “Do your business, I’ll turn around.”
Slowly, as if the concentration and sound of Bucky quietly working helped, he started to recall little facts. He had been rescued by the leader of the rebellion, and it had been the very king he had sent his family to. Peter had called him dad. They had met up with his family in an old farmhouse, one he recalled from a dream with Jarvis. The real Jarvis.
“It’s too late to save me, Tony. But thank you for your kindness. When the barrier drops, I will end it.” She ignores that he opens his mouth to protest, speaking gently. “Don’t let them suspect that you are not on their side. This is your time to act, to learn what you can, while you can.”
“Me too!” Peter chirped from the ground. “I’m going too!”
“Let go of my dad!”
With the door closing softly behind him, Tony sauntered down the hallway until he’d found the large area of the warehouse again. T’Challa and Rhodey were nowhere in sight, but the Dora Milaje had stationed themselves around the open kitchen to snack on whatever food was in the warehouse.
The note was short, only telling him that clothing had been set in the bathroom for him, and to go downstairs after he’d woken and freshened up.
“Dad?” The teen murmured.
Tony, whom is trying to look sharply at his meal and not at Loki, startles at the sound. He catches glittering green eyes before meeting Thor’s grinning face. He wants to tell the god not to call him that, not to reference him to a man who didn’t care about him, instead he raises a brow.
“Hush baby,” Steve crooned. “You’re okay, we’re just going to get you cleaned up.”
“And I’ll change it again if you do something stupid,” he rolled his eyes.
Tony rolled his eyes, not bothering to hide the reaction. Nodding, both watch as Natasha set everything down before taking the unspoken message and leaving the room.
“Pep, would you mind getting more coffee?” He asked, turning and giving the woman his sweetest smile that he could manage.
If Tony thought the blond was frightening before, it was nothing compared to the look of complete calm that fell over Roger’s face at seeing the injury.
He grunted in surprise as an elbow slammed against his crotch, limbs climbing up his body too fast for him to completely process the sharp little accidental jabs. Tony groaned when the little arms finally wrapped securely around his neck, little face buried in the crook of Tony’s neck.
Both hands wandered down to grab a hold of the head between his legs, body unable to stop the twitches as he rocked up towards the warm mouth.
“Let’s get you something to snack on, and Bruce will take you,” Bucky all but cooed as he moved away from Tony to grab whatever dish they’d made for him.
“And you’re going to act like a six year old child?” Tony raised a brow, room coming back into focus. He was startled to find Peter at face level, the kid having climbed to the top of the sink while he had been lost in his thoughts.
He murmured gently, eyes never breaking from Loki’s gaze. “What are you doing in here?”
“Starting the self-destruct sequence!” Cried one of the women, her fingers running over a panel in the wall.
When he had first been told of the man’s lack of interest in joining the Avengers, he had taken on the assumption of the rest of the group. Tony was lazy, arrogant, selfish.
“Bruce?” He asked.
“Okay…” Tony lets his shoulders drop as if he had been holding tension in them. His only true fear being that they would see through his act.
The room filled with a comfortable silence for only a moment, everyone enjoying just being in the company of the other, before the genius spoke.
“Stop fighting! Please!” He begged Tony, sounding so sincere that if the genius hadn’t known he was with the other group, he would have believed Bruce wanted what was best for him.
It took a moment, looking into the blue eyes and seeing his own reflection, before Tony nodded. “Yeah… yeah… I’m fine.”
“Come on Tony, let’s just calm down.” Steve added, taking a step closer and stopping as the smaller man took another back, closer to the hall and stairs.
So in a way, Tony got that hug? I'm excited for the next chapter :) I'll try to post as much as I can, but work's picking up so it may be only once a week or so. But no, I won't abandon the story. I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
When he and Clint finally came to a stop in front of one of the doors, there were no guards standing by. The archer unlocked the door and stepped inside, bracing it open so that he could get Tony’s chair through.
Pivoting, the genius held out a hand before realizing the state they were in and pulled it back to his chest in embarrassment.
“No, we’re going to go.” He waved a hand, “get the quinjet ready, I want to make sure we don’t miss our opportunity.”
Tony had to hide his smile, eating more of the raw cookie before he picked up the second one. The sugar settling nicely in his stomach and chasing away the remains of the nightmare.
And suddenly, the feeling of dread Tony had forgotten existed filled the bottom of his stomach. “Something for me? What?”
The images from the films started to merge with those he’d seen in his real life, and Tony couldn’t withhold the whimper as he scooted into whomever was curled behind him.
He ignored the weird pang at the look of pure adoration on Steve and Bucky’s faces when the kid had jumped back to him. Tony had to pretend that he didn’t feel the warmth at being cared for by the two psychopaths. It was only the solid weight of Peter in his lap that reminded the genius of why he still needed to fight.
He watches the fight in front of him, as Wanda struggles to take on the more experienced fighters. She looks just like Peter, before he learned how to fight. Tony sit ups, opening his mouth to protest when he meets her eyes.
When he tilted his head to meet Peter’s mischievous smile, the man got a face full of cake. Before he could so much as squeak in surprise, the child had grabbed the plate and hopped onto Steve’s lap and off the bench, running from the table with a delighted scream.
So fluff...ish? Kinda? Or you know... something else? Seems to me Tony is slowly getting cozy with this group... right?
“We don’t have long kiddo, and I need you to listen.” Edwin spoke softly.
Bruce nodded, not speaking as he ambled away and disappeared into the hall.
Tony could easily pinpoint Bruce’s area, as it held more chemicals than he had any interest in playing with. His area, however, had different metals and equipment that would allow him to build whatever he needed to. Tony wondered if they were going to ask him to create weapons, because that would be a rude awakening.
Slowly he brought his gaze up, eyes meeting those of a smiling Steve Rogers.
“Star Wars!” The cry was followed by two tiny fists pumping into the air, Peter seemingly very comfortable with his perch on Bucky’s lap.
“I think Tony gets to pick the movie,” Steve suddenly speaks up, his gaze falling to the man next to him.
The first thing he noticed was that they didn’t just hold weapons (he refused to touch one, unless it came in his suit). One of the containers held a collection of vintage cars that made him ache inside for his own collection, back when he’d been free to do as he wanted.
“What?” Tony want’s to ask what the mission is, but cuts himself off when he sees the man standing nearby. But Carol seems to catch it anyway, as she twirls as if she and Tony were having a silly conversation and replies with a single word that confuses him to the core.
He didn’t miss the fact that Steve held a baby monitor in one hand, just in case the toddler woke up while they were gone.
Tony barely registered that May was now crouching next to him, Rhodey rubbing circles on his back.
“Fuck you Goldie-locks,” was the reply followed by Tony spitting at the man.
!” Tony howled.
“He’ll have enough time to transfer before that room gets destroyed!” Shuri reassured him, even if her eyes never left the warehouse door.
A bitter smile lifted the corner of his lips. “Even if I did, your chances of getting out without me are a lot better.”
While a part of the genius wanted to crumble the thing and throw it viciously to the ground, something told him not to do it. A voice warning the man that there was more to the story than he could remember, and it was better to play nice and figure out a second escape then it was to get tied down.
“Tony!” Bruce yelled, his skin a darker shade of green when the genius managed to move out of his oncoming attack.
“No,” he admitted softly. “You can’t come to save me, you have to leave when you have the chance.”
“Never,” Peter paused, letting the word sink in as he took a deep breath. “Never do that to me again.” There was another pause, like the kid was composing himself even as tears slipped free from his eyes. “Please.”
“We watched a show that’s a little too mature for the kiddo,” he reached forward and didn’t wait for permission, running a hand through Peter’s hair. “I don’t think we should be watching those kinds of shows just yet, right Peter?”
What was it with them and the need for protection? Tony wanted to scoff, scream, but Wanda’s eyes flashed through his mind and instantly the urge disappeared as he let the very real tears slide out of his eyes. The shaking starting up again as he thought of Peter standing in front of him, a bullet through his skull.
Removing the gloves that Bruce had insisted he wear, Tony doesn’t bother cleaning the smudges on his hands as he reached forward and snatches one half of the sandwich, stuffing it in his mouth. Bucky laughs, ruffling Tony’s hair fondly.
Grinning widely, he leaned forward and pecked Rhodey on the cheek before jumping to his feet, glad for a distraction from his nerves.
“I’m going to go to one of the outside rooms, would you mind setting it to the beach setting?” He was already quietly moving from his room and down the hall as Jarvis confirmed the request.
Without waiting for Tony’s agreement, Bucky reached forward and gingerly removed the genius’ shirt. It was quickly followed up by the rest of his garments until the man was left in only his boxers, the soldier moving across the room to start the large shower nearby.
“Sir, a super has been reported in Caldecott County, should we set up a strike team?”
“But, Jarvis!” Tony cried, looking desperately at the princess.
He didn’t have to worry about being in danger, as they would never leave him alone when something potentially harmful was in the area.
She squeezed their hands, leaning so that their foreheads were almost touching. “You are Tony Stark, and you and I will get out of here, together.”
Ignoring the blonde’s gentle chuckle, Tony watched as Steve moved so swiftly that the bed didn’t even wobble. He marveled at how someone the size of the soldier could move so smoothly, but found his thoughts broken when two arms lifted him off the bed.
Rogers got a gentle smile on his face, the same expression an adult wore when they were tired of explaining a subject to a child. It was quite demeaning and Tony had to stop himself from huffing in outrage at being on the receiving end of such a look.
It had been almost a month, and Tony had had only one other panic attack where Carol had to remind him of the reality of their situation. With this in mind, he’d convinced the group to bring Carol into their trainings, claiming that she could help them considering she was also a super human who cared for the genius.
“Jesus Barton!” Bucky growled, throwing aside the manual to pluck the hysterical toddler from the panicking man.
Taking a deep breath, Tony decided to focus on the facts.
“Daddy loves you,” Tony planted a soft kiss on the curls below his nose.
As Tony spoke, he faced the door, making a point to show little Peter that he wasn’t going to be peeking as he did his business.
The man in question made a sound in the back of his throat, as if he didn’t enjoy that the conversation was happening about him, whilst he stood right above the chatty group.
The man flew backwards, Peter landing in a crouch just in front of the open ramp. The suit Tony had made for him in the bunker when they’d dreamed of saving the city hugging his body.
“When you’re free,” Loki’s voice makes the whole team take pause; even Tony looks up to glance at the other in the face. “I would love to speak to you Tony. After all, we haven’t seen each other in…. a while.”
The genius game awake with a start, eyes searching the room wildly in a glazed state, still caught in the throes of a nightmare. His screaming stopped, but the flailing limbs continued until two strong hands gripped his wrists to restrain him.
There was a small part of him that would never admit that he missed the feeling of being completely enclosed in the men’s embrace. A sick, small part that wanted to preen at the attention and care they had started to give him, without the maltreatment.
Tony whipped his head around, watching in horror as the little boy glanced back towards the group only to stumble in the grass and fall directly into the lake.
Thor had quickly left the room upon hearing the news of the breakout, vowing to speak to his own people in order to track the man. Loki had followed slowly behind, claiming he wanted to witness if their friend could truly track someone that he could not.
Sitting up straight, he turned the chair back so that he was facing the empty space in front of them. Pepper turned to face the same direction, glad to see Tony looking more awake than he had been that entire morning.
Setting him down on the carpet of the bathroom, Steve gently tugged down his pants. He finished ripping off the rest of the genius’ shirt and stripped Tony without any hesitation.
On the screen that was focused on the porch, the group was starting to move quickly. T’Challa and Rogue had disappeared into the house together, probably gathering whatever they needed to leave the area.
A grumble from the man was all it took, the vibrations shooting Tony over the wall as he shouted the super soldiers name. The blond never pulling away until every last drop ran down his throat.
-----------------------------
Tears soaked through his shoulder, but Peter returned the hug, knowing that they had likely taken a few years off of the man’s life with the stunt that they had pulled.
It took several intense, quiet moments before Tony returned to himself, blushing lightly in embarrassment at having been seen in such a vulnerable state. Despite the feeling, he still reaching forward and curled around Peter, as if knowing the kid was safe meant the world was alright.
It took another hour before the soldier actually sank under, allowing Tony to quietly do as was requested and squeeze his hand twice tightly.
Normally, while Carol was gone, he’d started to work on her suit, but now he found himself without something to invent. He could create weapons, but she didn’t really need one. And he couldn’t start making his own Iron Man suit without first taking more rations of pieces he was given.
So when two arms suddenly lifted him before two bodies slid underneath him, there was no hiding the hysterical scream that bubbled out of his throat. He tried to struggle, but the blanket was only sending him into a further panic as it contained his arms from breaking free.
Tony had built Peter a communicator that resembled something out of a futuristic film. It could be used both to communicate and as a video feed, in case they were too lazy to leave a certain room but wanted to reach out. Peter had thanked him profusely and said it was amazing despite how lame the billionaire felt about it. He’d even run to one side of the compound with the thing in his ear to test it.
When they finally reached the living room at the bottom of the stairs (Tony realized his injuries from running were completely gone), Steve settled down at the end of one of the large sofas, patting the spot beside him. Bucky ventured towards an armchair near the entrance of the room, curling into it like he was absolutely comfortable with the situation.
And with that the two proceeded to cover the lab with blue foam that took several hours to clean. Not that any of the other bunk mates helped, instead choosing to laugh and walk away.
Steve smiled softly, “sweetheart, we wouldn’t ever let you go.” He brushed a stray hair from Tony’s face, looking enamored.
Affection between the two super soldiers and himself had grown. They hadn’t quite moved passed kissing, but the genius was growing more comfortable with their attention.  He’d even convinced Steve to give him an old watch that he would update as a gift for his “new kid” by giving the man a rather passionate lip lock.
Tony didn’t realize he was starting to hyperventilate until it was too late. He put a hand up to his chest and hunched forward, the confusing thoughts swirling over his mind. They had taken him to their home by force, but they only wanted to take care of him. They had shared meals, light conversations, and held him through his nightmares. Tony couldn’t remember a time when someone had done that for him.
“Project Rebirth?” Tony frowned, the name ringed a bell.
“What did you do?” The question was innocent enough, but the underlying threat sent a shiver down Tony’s spine.
“Will that be all Mr. Stark?” Pepper asked, brow raised and lip slightly curved.
They could hear struggling, punches being thrown and screams. Tony started to yell the kid’s name over and over, wanting it to be a nightmare and nothing more.
“Step forward now, or let the entire team face the consequences,” Rogers commanded.
Tony let out his own sound, concentrating as he started to work on what exactly he wanted Clint’s arrows to do.  “Good odds.”
“You said with the right permission,” Pepper finally looked away to look at Tony, the projection fading into nothing. “How are we getting there? How are we getting permission? And honestly, if they don’t know it’s there, why couldn’t you come with us?”
Thank you for all the reviews, kudos, and bookmarks! I really appreciate you guys! Also, I thought this might be a fun Halloween treat.
“Hey Tones, you still think you can kick my ass at video games right now?” He giggled when Tony groaned and used his foot to push Peter until the teenager was gently swaying above him.
The kid’s voice caught his attention, and his gaze fell back on Peter.
“It’ll be okay, Tony.”
Inside was a data storage center, filled from floor to ceiling. A large metal table with a monitor and several different keys, including a keyboard, sat to the right of the room. Two chairs settled in front so that two people could work on whatever they needed together.
A shadow was cast just at the bottom, someone clearly trying to listen into their conversation.
If Carol escaped, truth was, Tony had no idea if he would be compelled to follow. His family hadn’t really tried to save him, so maybe everything was better that way?
With an unflattering squeak, Tony ripped away just in time to avoid getting wrapped in Roger’s arms, but not fast enough to avoid a hand grabbing onto his wrist to stop him from running. “Big green giant!” He finally managed to wheeze out in warning, tugging at the appendage to continue running.
Rhodey began to pace behind the sofa, hands curled into fists as he did his best not to scream. He was glad that Tony had thought to build a gym into the rather large underground facility; he’d have to punch something later.
--------------------------------
(See the end of the chapter for
“How about…” He paused, for dramatic effect or not, and then grinned in a sing song voice, “you’re in trouble.”
When the genius had expected to get slapped or worse, the blond had simply stood up with his maniac of a grin and left the room. The door closing gently behind him, the audible click of a lock echoing through the air.
Glad that the child is so close, Tony ambles back to the bedroom.  He’s not surprised to find both Steve and Bucky inside, both already changed for bed. Bucky is resting on the bed, and Steve is flossing his teeth in the bathroom.
Tony sputtered at the words, trying to gauge just how insane the man was. He acted as if they had simply had a regular spousal argument, rather than an enraged man arguing over lack of consent and a kidnapping.
At seventeen, Howard and Maria Stark died in a car accident.
Tony frowned, hearing the remorse in the doctor’s voice. “What are you talking about?”
Rogers raised a brow, as if he couldn’t imagine why Tony would so easily agree to the deal. “You can fight in the suit Tony, I don’t want a battle, I just want this to be over. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“It takes time, but we just want to bring order and justice to the world. Like when you stopped making weapons, wasn’t that a similar move?”
“Hey… Hey Pep,” Tony managed.
Tony tried; he truly tried to not relax. But the adrenaline had left him and the warmth of the man against him was familiar. He knew it was Rogers just from the words.
When they’d woken up both Steve and Bucky had already been awake, one holding a cup of coffee while the other had rummaged through the nearby dresser to pull out an outfit for both Tony and the still sleepy Peter.
“The gun?” Rogers held out a hand, taking the weapon from the man’s shaking limb.
And while Tony still wasn’t allowed to create an Iron Man suit (Steve claimed that he didn’t want him to put himself in any kind of danger), he was given better tech to work on.
“So, at the time, Rhodey was in the military. And I don’t know if you know this, but the military security system for their computers are a joke.” He paused, seeing an affirming nod from both Shuri and Peter that left him feeling a little proud and a little worried.
“What did you do to me?” He growls when a plate of bacon and eggs is placed before him.
“You helped me escape?” Tony questioned.
Tony felt his brows raising high, taking in what they had put together and trying desperately to understand how they were going to build anything with the pieces. He’s surprised to find Steve wearing a sheepish look, one hand clutching a tool bag that he picks up from the side of the materials.
“Which brings me to the reason we’re here, your punishment.” Steve grinned.
“Well, yeah,” he repeated.
The god looked just as amused as he had at the dinner the night before, green eyes sparkling as he lifted a hand to grab the tool. Without a word, he released his hand from Tony’s shoulder and put the tool on the counter. He walked around the genius and leaned against the table, so that he was closer to eye level with Tony’s sitting posture.
It would be easy to shoot the data to Wakanda, it would only take minutes, really. In a couple hours, the processing would be complete, and a few buttons would make everyone he loved safe.
By the fifth day, Tony quickly learned that the two men seemed to enjoy themselves a bit in his punishments. Bucky had repeated the spanking when Tony had refused to eat breakfast, and Steve had made him watch a snuff film of one of the weapon’s being used on another victim.
“Care to explain what the hell that was?” Bucky’s enraged voice sounded throughout the entire floor, echoing ominously off the walls to batter at the hunched bodies of the shivering men.
So.... that happened. Will Tony finally crack, or pretend to crack? And do I see someone in green in the next chapter? Hm....
Frantically, he started to look for the child, only to find the crying little boy huddled in Bucky’s embrace.
He didn’t bother to deny the sheer panic that filled his gut as the hand on his shoulder slowly peeled him back, Steve leaning over the bed to uncurl the kid’s fists from his shirt. There was a quiet whine from the back of the little boy’s throat, but he remained asleep as he was separated from Tony.
Hands tried to tear away at his own, in which he’d thrown up against his chest to keep the arc reactor safe.
“Yeah, we weren’t supposed to be gone so long, but things kind of turned out a little different.” Bucky shrugged, leaning forward to run a hand through Tony’s hair.
The genius had passed out from a long day of attempting to distract Peter from the fact that they were stuck underground on his birthday. May and Rhodey had done their best at creating a cake, but the recipe was bland as they had to substitute ingredients that hadn’t been kept in the bunker due to their expiration date.
It didn’t take long for the trembling to start. The scenes from the room of torture (there was no way it could have been called anything else) replayed over and over in his mind. Tony whimpered, finding that he still had more tears to shed as they began to silently slide down his face.
For a civilian to break that curfew, fear sounded like a good enough punishment.
The two men sauntered towards the hall, smiling over their shoulder as if it were a reassurance to the genius. When the door shut soundly behind them, Tony felt his shoulders droop.
Thank you so much for everything guys! Hopefully I can update sooner ;)
“Yes,” he started, holding up a hand to effectively stop Tony from interrupting. “We didn’t want to do it at first, we wanted to keep him at the age in which you loved him, but he was proving… difficult.” The man winced, watching as Tony seemed to absolutely pale at the word.
He didn’t know why or when it had started, but every few minutes he kept glancing towards the hallway, hoping that Jarvis would finish his processing so that they could leave the warehouse.
“Tony!” Bucky screams, just in time to watch the genius trip and fall, barely dodging another shot from one of the bots.
Unlike having the A.I. to turn on the film, Sam snatched a remote and started to type in the choice. It took several minutes, but soon enough the ominous music filled the room through the surround sound speaker.
Everything was done quickly and efficiently, trying to keep the groggy Tony from freaking out more than he already was in the water. They even moved him out rapidly, drying the shivering man and making sure the oxygen mask was back in place.
Like they’ve been doing for the past days, dinner is served with everyone present. No one is absent for a mission or to deal with any uprising, and Thor and Loki have also been invited to the meal. And while Bucky and Steve have both taken a seat on either side of him, Tony can’t shake the amused looks that the trickster god continues to throw at him.
There was a pause in the fight, as Hawkeye and Black Widow stepped back almost as if they were given orders. Tony had taken it as a moment to stumble from his breaking suit into the new one, freezing when he stepped out to come face to face with Steve Rogers himself.
Taking every ounce of willpower that he could muster, Tony finally nodded his head and allowed Bruce to move Peter so that the child was sitting at the very edge of his lap. If not for the seriousness of the wounds, the fact that everyone was covered in oatmeal would have likely sent Tony into another set of inappropriate giggles.
Shuri nodded, smiling in return. “Would you like to see my lab while we’re at it? Peter and I were working on a few things before he had to leave.”
He shares the sink with Steve, brushing his teeth quickly before he saunters to the bed and settles next to Bucky. He doesn’t protest the soft kisses shared between the men, instead accepting the affection before curling up under the covers in exhaustion. A faint echo wonders about Jarvis, but Tony doesn’t want to think about it. Not now.
“She’s really pretty!” Peter murmured, blushing when he realized that he’d said the comment aloud.
Both men didn’t seem happy with the words, but also looked at Peter as if they were resigned to the idea that the child was scared.
“You tried to bring order, so you stopped making weapons. There were people that lost their jobs because of your decision, but other people that gained what would have been a lost life. That’s what this is, we’re bringing order, but it can’t just be a win-win for everyone.”
She was young, probably a few years younger than the genius himself, mid-twenties. She wore a dark green jacket that sat a bit loosely on her frame, black leggings hugging down her waist that tucked into a pair of leather black boots. Her hair, while in a ponytail, was a dark brown that waved slightly in the updo. A strip of white hair made up bangs, falling to the side so one of her eyes was slightly obstructed. From the grainy texture of the camera, he couldn’t make out the color.
There was no surprise that the nickname Tony had given Carol was quickly discovered by the rest of the team. Bucky had been the one to step forward and ask about its origin, wanting to make sure that nothing was amiss amongst their genius and the newly de-aged super-powered girl.
“A Hulk room, so he can be all green and not destroy anyone… a hulk room…a green room.” He couldn’t stop the delirious chuckle, ignoring how someone chuckled above him.
Immediately, everything that had happened came back to him. There was no stopping the panic attack that followed.
The girl nodded and started on gently putting away the finished weapons, feeling relieved for the first time since being taken into the home of the former heroes. They were getting out, and Tony Stark was leaving with her.
Horror movies won that night again. And soon enough the genius couldn’t bare to watch more as he stuck his face into the soldier’s chest and tried to hide away from the images flashing on the screen.
“You’re going to help us, in a training exercise.” He laughed when protests immediately lifted, begging and denial. “Room 3, I think.”
Falling back, Tony leans against the little bed they’ve set up for Peter and finds himself calming as the child climbs into his lap. They both relax, Goose settling on the carpet at their feet. Peter doesn’t comment when the genius tucks his body a little ways from the creature.
A pinch at the tip of his neck alerted Tony that not everything was alright, and the world slurred as the king launched forward and grabbed him before he could collapse on the ground. The man sat him on a seat, strapping Tony in as he tried to get the genius to meet his eyes.
“You help them,” Tony stated. “And you don’t expect anything in return.”
The blond frowned, tilting her head in confusion as she stared at him. “Don’t what?”
“Punk, you grab some of his clothes from the closet and I’ll get him cleaned up.” Bucky startled Tony from his observation.
“It’s not the worst thing you’ve seen me do?” He tried. A moment of silence, followed by a half sob half laugh as she launched forward to give him a tight hug.
“If we need to go now, then we should go.” Tony all but groaned out, releasing his hold on Peter so that he could slowly uncurl himself. The panic had subsided, and what remained was a mixture of rage and disbelief that he had let things get that far.
It wasn’t until he remembered Natasha sitting next to him that Tony sat straight and pulled the rest of what was left of the bowl of soup to his chest, sipping on it as he stared at her. She looked exactly like he remembered; nothing had changed other than the seat of power.
The girl hadn’t been present until they’d taken him down to the lab after the meal. They had explained that some scientists were working on making sure she was safe to be around Tony, and that Bruce had gone to fetch her. They had also promised that they would not be leaving the building anytime soon before leaving Tony to work on Clint’s arrows, the first weapon they’d let him touch.
But what could ground him?
Pulling back for a moment, the hurricane that was Steve Rogers didn’t hesitate to take the opportunity to peel the genius’ shirt over his head. Their skin on skin contact setting his body on fire as the natural heat from the super soldiers body melted into his skin.
“Dad, look out!” Peter appeared just in time, kicking what appeared to be a liquid filled needle out of the scientists hand and into a nearby wall. The thing shattered, the glass seeming to awaken something in the occupants of the warehouse.
“Sir, if I may, would you like me to move your things as well? We still have time, as they have not managed to trace our exact location.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, where exactly are we going?” Maybe if he started a conversation with the girl, his mind wouldn’t keep retracting back to the two men they’d left behind.
“Guys!” Clint’s voice made the genius startle awake, eyes shooting completely open.
“Besides, it’s two in the morning, no one will be out looking for a teenager.” His explanation sounded almost rational, like Peter had been thinking about his actions for a while. “I’m not swinging from the buildings or anything, I’m just… I needed to do this. I couldn’t break a promise.” The kid explained.
Clint laughed, “New nickname.”
“It’s supposed to keep…” Steve trailed off for a moment with a glance at the genius, as if searching for the right word. “People out, the animal is probably harmless.” Steve shrugged with logic.
Tony clapped his hands, laughing when she jumped a little at his excitement. “Yes! That’s perfect! You’re marvelous! You’ve saved me from myself a few times already! You’re my cuddly marvel!”
At the age of eight, Anthony Stark relied solely on his butler as family. The man that had provided his seed to give him life was no longer referred to as his father, only by first name. His mother did what she could, but had always stepped back in light of the rich man that the public adored.
“When I gave you that gift,” Wanda explained. “It wasn’t just memories; it was a bit more than that. There are some… stones. And one of them needed to be safeguarded more than the others. When you saw me die, it was the sacrifice of another soul you’d lose.” She shrugged, “and now, you yield some of its powers.”
However, the relief only lasted a second as he truly took in the two people in the room. What had happened?
Slowly, still trying to understand what had happened, Tony ambled across the room with the sinking feeling getting worse in his chest.
“Goodbye Steve.”
“What!” He didn’t bother trying not to scream. Stumbling towards the communicator that he’d rested on his dresser, Tony immediately threw the thing into his ear.
The child was proving to be hard to catch, managing to quickly move from left to right to avoid the outreaching hands. When he started to run towards Tony, who had forgotten himself and was trying to stop laughing so he could get the little imp, the boy ran at him at full speed. He tossed the plate at Steve, who tried to stop running and started to stumble with his arms wind milling.
As she spoke, he tried to take in the details. Her hair was a spectacular mix of soft gold and brown, even if it was tangled beyond belief. Like someone hadn’t taken a brush to it in months. Her arms were littered with small, healing cuts that obviously hadn’t come from the door.
Wanda throws a glance over her shoulder, as if she senses something. Instantly, the red hue envelops the whole doorway, a barrier to keep anyone from entering the room. A tendril of light sneaks over Tony’s shoulder and wraps around his neck, as if she is ready to strangle him at any moment. He feels a slight tingle, a burn on the skin, but otherwise his breathing is fine.
Bruce was standing by the bed, looking non-threatening as he smiled softly at Tony.
So they got away... right?
The German man smiled, nodding as he pointed towards the doorway behind Tony. “All of us.”
Peter had jumped forward and immediately started after Sam, whom was using the height of the warehouse to attempt to stay out of range of the webs sent his way.
Snorting, Tony pushed the wrist away from his face and leaned down to work on the tech in front of him. “My stuff always works, brat.”
The man didn’t stop until he was gagging, nothing but stomach acid left to spew as he whimpered. His stomach sending shooting pains of protest as he thought about the people he’d witnessed dying only hours before. About how the world was slowly turning into something he wanted no part of.
“I knew you’d change your mind!” Carol all but shrieked, smile almost as wide as her face as she looked at the startled genius.
He slammed hard against the floor, hitting his temple on the ground with a pained cry, the world spinning around him.
“Peter,” he murmured, slowly peeling away from Steve’s grip and holding out his arms to take the child from the super soldier. To his relief, Bucky didn’t hesitate in handing over the distraught child so that the quivering brown eyes could bury themselves in Tony’s shirt.
Easily, Peter turned and slowly moved towards Steve. It was obvious that the kid was hesitant, and his hug was so quick that Steve couldn’t even bring his arms down to hug him back before Peter was curled around Tony again.
“We have the bots that you created a long while back, that help us simulate real fights. We’ve broken several of them, and figured maybe you could help us program them to be a little tougher, fix them up?” Steve inquired.
“I lost my parents; I lost my Uncle Ben…” He sniffled, looking more and more disturbed. “And for a minute… I lost you too.”
Slowly, Tony realized what was going to happen. His mouth opened, and despite the pain and the fact that the room was spinning, made a sound of protest.
Tony raised a brow, silently asking what the man was talking about.
“Let go Steve,” he spoke calmly.
The warehouse shook, walls were starting to collapse, the ceiling slowly starting to fall around them. But Tony’s focus was solely on the server room, where the precious computer was working on transferring his A.I.
He threw himself down the stairs, almost tripping but catching himself on the rail before he continued. The front door was all stained glass and wood, huge and inviting. Tony ignored it, turning to rush down the hallway behind the staircase, towards the sound of humming and clinking pots.
I <3 you all, seriously!
It was raining, and the field that they had arranged to meet on was quickly turning into a mud pit. Tony couldn’t help but think it was interesting, that the sky was crying for him. He could still hardly catch his breath and had had help from Rhodey to even get around the bunker. But he was determined.
“I would rather die than spend another moment on a planet run by such despicable excuses for heroes,” she looked directly at Tony. “Whatever they do to you, remember that they cannot take your soul. They cannot break your spirit. My mother told me about the great things you did Tony Stark.” Startled at hearing that the woman knew him, Tony reeled back.
Was he too smart? Had Loki de-aged him correctly? Or had he retained his memories?
The man had settled absentmindedly on an action film, and had been paying half attention when the main character was suddenly being tortured for information in the desert.
Recognizing the hesitation but knowing that the genius didn’t want to focus on it, the teenager smiled back. “How about Star Wars? It sounds like you’re getting rusty on the quotes.”
“Can Papa give you a hug?” Steve opened his arms, ignoring the mild look of indignation that Tony managed to scrounge on his face.
The head of security nodded, saluting before deftly leaving the office he had entered.
“I can’t lose you to them! If they got their hands on you, do you know what they’d do? What they can do? I will rip the suit to pieces, never do that again!”
Tony could hear the unsaid word as the sentence had been spoken but was at least relieved they weren’t going to try anything immediately.
Taking a moment, he started to assess the damage on his body. The fever was present, but mild in consideration to what it had been when he’d been in the bunker. The breathing was still tough, but it was a lot easier with the mask someone had strapped over his mouth and connected to the oxygen tank by the bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was angry, the emotion was evident on his face as he stared the group of former heroes down. The genius felt like vomiting, the room still threatening to spin around him.
Little arms crossed over the tiny chest, brown eyes narrowed and focused, hiding a touch of anger behind the gaze. Peter would never admit that his bottom lip jutted out slightly, creating what was definitively an adorable pout on his cherubic face.
“Kid?” He had to pause for a moment, hide the panic in his voice. “What the hell are you doing out there? Get back to the bunker, please.” The tremors were back, his entire body shaking as he tried to push away the worry that was threatening to overwhelm him.
Tony shook his head, running a hand over his chin. At one point in time, he’d had facial hair. When he’d been compared to his father by Rogers, the neat trim was gone and left behind only the slightest attractive stubble.
Tony nodded, “well, you focus on recovering baby boy. It’s good to hear your voice.”
“How?” Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “Yes, we’ve applied rules to bring order. But we didn’t take away true freedoms.” The soldier paused, taking a moment to put his empty plate in the sink.
--------------------------------------------
“It’s breakfast food sweetheart, but we’re still going to sleep after this,” he grinned, ignoring the look of annoyance sent his way as he started to mix the eggs into a vegetable filled omelet. Despite Steve’s words, he casually flipped on the coffee machine when he was sure that Tony was distracted watching the omelet cook on the stove.
He has a feeling that the man suspects, if he doesn’t already know, that Tony isn’t as compliant as he’s put out to the rest of the team. Despite having defeated Loki, the genius could admit that the man was attentive about the important details, especially those that could mean his downfall.
“Our deal was that I wouldn’t bring any people with me. However, that doesn’t include Jarvis, does it?” He watched as confusion started to form on the Captain’s face, as he tried to understand exactly what Tony was referring to.
Sorry for the delay! I hope again that you enjoy the story! Stay tuned!
Moving quicker than he had before, Bruce made to pick up Peter when the child realized the action for what it was. With a scream, Peter threw himself back and wrapped his tiny hands into Tony’s shirt, ignoring the sharp pain the action elicited.
Tony couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled from him in hysteria, gaze going between the speaker and the computer monitors that had suddenly started to light up.
The girl had refused to help Tony since the moment they had left the two of them to their own devices several hours back.
Immediately he turns off the radio, glad to see that Peter had already scouted the room as he opens a small vent at the bottom of the wall. It’s too small and low for Clint to climb through, so they won’t have the archer accidently finding the radio.
Inwardly, the genius cursed for not having been paying attention to where they were walking.
For the first time Tony pulled back slowly, although his hand didn’t release its death hold on the blonde’s shirt. He noticed a book had been settled right on Steve’s hip, as if the man had set it down when Tony had turned him to cuddle. Because that’s what they were doing, and there was no denying it.
“Your name is Tony Stark.” Carol started, making sure they had eye contact as her words came out clearly. “You were taken by two super dicks a few months ago. They tortured people in front of you, and they hurt you. They hurt your kid, your family, and took everything you loved away.
Tony raised a brow, crossing his arms. “If that’s true, I want coffee.”
“While there are still several attempts to find you, they have not found any data related to the bunker. I have not scanned databases for today’s conference as I did not want to raise a red flag on their radar. You have nothing to worry about sir,” the A.I. finished.
Tony jolted out of the bed faster than he could process, feet already moving before he’d even hit the ground.
After a few minutes had passed, Steve flipped two separate omelets onto two separate plates, sliding one across the counter to Tony with a fork. He continued to stand across from the man, smiling lightly as Tony startled at the taste of the meal. There was also no stopping the fond smile when Tony perked up when a cup of dark liquid was placed in front of his face, even if he didn’t realize it was decaffeinated.
“Too long,” he admitted softly, his words softening the amused look in her eyes.
“No!” Peter grumbled, “Goose!”
Immediately, Peter shook his head and turned his stubborn face away. Ignoring how some of the oatmeal smeared onto his cheek.
Had it all been a dream? Was Peter still with the Avengers? Why was his chest still so tight?
“I’m telling you Tony, I can absolutely make better food than Bucky, maybe I’ll make you some sometime!” The make believe argument was believable enough, because Sam snorted and raised a brow.
She tilts her head and smiles, a genuine, kind smile. “My name is Wanda Maximoff, and I was told to find you.” She pauses, “we don’t have much time.”
So, Tony was confused.
Immediately the two stopped, Peter apologizing profusely while a face Tony had only ever seen through a monitor blinked sheepishly at him.
“It’s just Lego pieces!” Clint tried again.
“Hear me out,” he spoke calmly. “Buck and I… we saw this entire world at war. We saw the worst that humanity could do. Human experiments, people attacking people for food or supplies. We saw a world without order, and when we tried to fix it by modern societies rules, it got worse. Now, we don’t have hungry children on the streets.”
Three days later, and he was sure that he was going crazy. He’d tried the palm trick, and while memories of his family had flashed before his eyes, the loneliness only seemed to grow. He hid the fact that he wasn’t sleeping rather easily from the rest of the team.
Already, Steve had reached over and flipped the switch of the music player. It was what gave them pause, as the sound didn’t stop.
“Tony!”
Back against the door, Tony felt his legs give out. He slid down to the floor, looking flabbergasted at Peter. He hadn’t lost him. He hadn’t lost him!
Nodding, despite the fact that they couldn’t see it, Peter looked at the wall in front of him. It took a moment, but when he spotted a tree nearby the kid instantly started to climb up. It wasn’t until Peter had stopped right at the brim of the wall that the hair on the back of his neck stood.
Tony must have looked confused, because Bucky reached forward and gently brushed some hair behind his ear before encouraging him to take another bite.
“He’s not going to eat that,” Tony drawled for what felt like the hundredth time, watching as little Peter crossed his arms petulantly in the booster seat beside him. The little boy’s mouth quivered with the threat of a real tantrum, brown eyes glaring at the bowl of oatmeal set on the table before him.
He has no escape. He won’t age, and he can’t run.
He swore that he was getting amused smirks from the Dora Milaje, whom had shown up and started to help the teenagers with the boxes. There were several affirmations to his offer, and one resounding ‘no’ that Tony chose to wisely ignore.
The man took a deep breath, before he finally nodded. “We need to get you warm.” He looked up at the soldier next to him, noticing that Steve and the others had all hovered at the tip of the tiny dock. “Peter can’t thermoregulate, we need to get him dry and warm, now.”
Big hands lifted his face to look into worried blue eyes, Bucky cooing gently as he placed several kisses along Tony’s face. “You’re okay doll,” he reassured the trembling genius.
Her smile breaks his heart as she speaks, “I hope you don’t mind, but I put myself and Pietro in there too. Someone good can remember us that way.”
“I’m working on a robot to cook us food, so we don’t waste anything.” He changed the subject, forcing a grin on his face to look at Peter. “Want to join me in the lab?”
“You are calling me fat!” He pointed a finger at the girl, “And you know that I’m not out of shape, I’m just squishy and loveable at the moment.”
Steve moved to speak, but Tony was on a roll and bulldozed right on over the words.
The furniture had been created out of old wood, the words vintage screaming through Tony’s mind as he peered at the well-worn chair to the right of the bed, leading to two separate doors. Obviously, one would be a closet, and the other a bathroom. A large screen had been set up on the wall in front of the bed, a projector attached to the ceiling obviously meant to make the experience be more like a theater.
He laughed when he heard a sputter from his kid, and laughter from Shuri who claimed she’d seen his life, there was nothing he wouldn’t do.
My name is Carol Danvers. I was brought here against my will. I was de-aged by a monster god. I’m forced to get an injection each day to curb my powers, so that neither of us can escape.”
The only sound in the hallway is that of their echoing footsteps, Bucky occasionally cooing as he presses the genius closer to his chest.
One solemn, dusky morning was all it took for the man to realize that he had no other choice.
With a hiccupping sob, Peter reached forward and gingerly touched the stone as if it would break under the pressure of his hand. “I don’t know when I’ll be able to visit you again, but I have to go now. Tony gave me five minutes. I just… I just wanted to see you. Hopefully, I can come back on the next birthday.”
“Reindeer games!” He can’t help but squeak out in surprise.
Tony was proud of his creation, considering the A.I. was more intelligent than most people. The emotions that Jarvis had started to show upon his creation had never startled Tony, only bringing him the comfort he had sought after the loss of a man he’d loved.
With a scream Tony would never admit to, he threw the screwdriver in his hand at the stranger, watching in stunned shock as it stopped seconds from smacking Loki in the face.
Tense shoulders dropped, Tony releasing a sigh as he let his head fall forward in relief, knowing that no matter how hard things got Pepper would keep her promise. Tony had always carried too much weight on his shoulders, the whole world, and only his close friends could see how hard his life had been on the billionaire.
They hadn’t locked him up because they didn’t have to. He couldn’t get off the property.
“A whole chocolate cake,” Peter grumbled, still looking at the pieces.
“She may be de-aged, but she sure acts like a kid.” He grinned, receiving smiles in return for his quip.
“The Hulk doesn’t need to train, if he’s out, then its destruction,” Bruce explains, his hands flying over a control board pressing a variety of buttons as he sets the battle simulation for the team.
Tony followed in the wake that if it truly was his spider child in the other room, his hearing was phenomenal and he could easily awaken from their voices in the hallway. He also wanted to ask questions and not upset the poor boy.
The sound froze the three men in the field, the soldiers looking shocked to see him.
“Peter didn’t let me take more than two, so I guess they’re all yours.” Steve was pouting!
Stepping into the sound, smell, and sight of the outside world in the room he’d create specifically for relaxation, Tony smiled. Maria Carbonell had loved the beach, and the memory was one that he had held fondly of his mother.
All Tony can process is Steve’s anguished and angry scream, watching as both Bucky and Steve try desperately to catch up to the two of them even as they shot towards the clouds, out of sight. Not a single one of the chasing group would be able to keep up, as the only two that might be able to catch the genius were still out of the country.
In fact, he’d initiated some of these affections.
“I usually work with high tech stuff, not…. Wood.” Tony grimaced looking around the pile. Not that he couldn’t do it, but the material was rough and if not handled correctly it could warp.
There was no hiding that Tony enjoyed the warmth radiating from the man. Both soldiers were like furnaces, and he couldn’t stop the feelings he’d begun to feel in that instance. Tony curled further into the hold, letting himself enjoy the warmth of the man he would soon leave behind.
Narrowing his eyes, the genius noticed a red hue was quickly enveloping the wood, looking like a gentle waterfall of fog.
Bucky nodded, moving forward to wrap his metal arm around the blonde’s waist. He leaned forward and pressed a firm kiss to Steve’s neck, “we’re not stopping Stevie. And this time, we’re getting the kid too.”
“He shot you, my men follow orders. You’re supposed to be safe. He disobeyed, he pays the price.” The man shrugged like it was the most logical thing in the world.
“Now Mr. Rogers.” He grinned, the look causing a moment of hesitation to run through the blond’s face.
They were given two nights and one day to recoup.
Tony felt the air get trapped in his body, unable to breathe for a moment as he processed what he had been told. They had gone after Peter! They had gone after the child that had ultimately brought a light to his days in the bunker.
Tony let out an impressed whistle, but after a moment realized that it could have been a smart move by the girl. Who would go looking for a person with powers in a small town?
“Don’t make me strap you down for your own good, Tony.” It was spoken so softly, like a lover speaking to someone they’d been with for years. But underneath it, the steel of a threat that wouldn’t be missed by someone like Tony Stark.
Turning to grab a shirt, Steve threw it on just in time to catch the small beep that one of their rules had been broken. He grinned at Bucky as both men quickly turned and made their way to the control room.
“And how is Flerken supposed to help us?”
The room was warm, with floral patterned curtains and decorations of blue and yellow. The walls had been painted a soft white, looking stained and old, but well lived in. The bed had been covered in a handmade quilt, the floral pattern matching the curtain. Soft pillows cradling their heads. Tony would compare sleeping on the bed to sleeping on a cloud, but instead he settled for an overgrown marshmallow as he’d never really felt a cloud.
Pietro grabbed him from behind when his knees failed, stopping the fall as he lifted Tony into a nearby chair. But Tony didn’t notice, eyes focused on the figure still standing in the doorway.
Tony leaned his head back on Rhodey’s chest, eyes fluttering even as he tried desperately to stay awake. If it was a dream, if he wasn’t really holding onto his best friend and kid…. Tony wasn’t sure he’d make it.
He started to drift, only stirring when the sound was gone and the lights dimmed. Someone removed the earbuds, taking away the music player and setting it to charge nearby. Tony felt two sets of lips kiss his head, but didn’t protest as he burrowed into the warmth behind him.
The genius laughed, looking to the side to face the kid. “How about, I have a good feeling about this?”
“From here on out, anything that happens, is not your fault. Promise me that you won’t blame yourself for anything that happens.” The teen’s face went from confused to concerned in seconds, trying to comprehend why they were suddenly having such a conversation.
“Tony?” The voice quivered, on the verge of tears.
There was no holding back the Winter Soldier, the man blurring in his speed, appearing with his hand wrapped tightly around the security guard. Immediately hands were clawing at the grip, choking sounds filling the sudden quiet room.
Without saying a word, he looked up and had a silent conversation with someone just over Tony’s shoulder. In seconds, the man was transferred to another person on the team. Judging by the arm made of metal that wrapped around his waist, it was easy to tell who it was.
Bucky had taken a seat on Peter’s other side, carefully examining the box to make sure they hadn’t missed a stray piece. It had left the archer to start building with the child, whom had immediately gotten angry when he’d started to put random pieces together.
“Sir, scan complete.” Jarvis spoke gently when he was sure he wouldn’t startle Tony from his relaxed state.
