A quick glance towards Sam convinced Dean that he hadn’t heard what was said because he was busy giving the waitress their order. “One chicken burger with extra pickle, one bacon cheese burger and I’ll have a chicken burger as well but can I have salad instead of fries?” Dean tried not to look like he had been caught saying his best friend was sexy as he finally turned to look at Cas but he was sure he looked like a deer caught in headlights. He had to gulp as he was met with piercing blue eyes staring at him without even blinking. Shit, even after all this time he should be immune to Cas’ staring at him like that but each and every time he found himself mesmerized by the unwavering gaze. It was like he could learn all the secrets of the world if he looked long and hard enough in those eyes.
“Stepson, as he pointed out on numerous occasions.” Sam pushed the lid open and pulled out a piece of pizza and started munching on it happily. And grinning like an idiot at Dean. He wanted to hit the grin right off his face. Stupid moose!
“Yeah, whatever Sammy.” Begrudgingly Dean shifted his gaze to Sam to see the ending of an eye roll. The waitress came over with their drinks and Dean tried to get himself under control. He wasn’t used to the new discovery that he didn’t handle sleep deprivation as well as he did in his twenties.
“He’s back to his previous form.” Sam said and Dean had to open his eyes to look at his brother. He was rubbing his neck and the worried ‘we need to talk’ look on his face. “He —“
Dean felt himself starting to snooze. Sam had found nothing to help them and decided to hit the hay in the next bed. Dean didn’t want to move and disturb Cas who was still curled at his feet but his legs were starting to ache and he couldn’t sleep in his current position anyway. Dean tried to move his legs carefully but Cas opened his eyes anyway.
“Stay the fuck away from me you mangy inbred fucker!” Simon growled when the cat stood up again and came towards him. His leg kicked out again, this time making contact with its shoulder and the cat screeched before hightailing it to the black. “Yeah, you better run!” Simon spat and started to move towards his house. Crazy cat ladies! Simon resisted the urge to turn around and see what was happening behind him as he heard strange muttering coming from the alley. He didn’t want to see some batshit crazy cat lady spewing spit as she tried to utter out protests. He didn’t have time for her shit. She fucking ruined his jeans! His fucking favourite black skinny jeans were torn! He brushed the dirt from his knees and hissed as pain shot up from his busted left knee.
He blamed it on the domestication that came with discovering the Men of Letters bunker. For the first time since he was four he felt like he had a home other than Baby. He had stability and routines and a room he could call his own with all his shit and everything. He didn’t feel the need to drink so much to forget the fact that his life consisted of hunting things that went bump in the night. Now for most nights he could sleep in his boxers and not fully clothed, just waiting for something to burst through the door and try to kill him or Sammy. He could relax and know that the bunker was a solid fortress and that nothing could come at him during the night. He was safe, Sammy was safe. Well, as safe as hunters could be these days.
“Hey Sam, forward this info to mom and tell her she might be dealing with a Shojo.” Dean hastily wrote out the name, number and location of the Shojo case and pushed it towards Sammy.
On the way to the bunker he’d thought about how he was finally going to say the right things after everyone got over the fact that their mom had pulled a classic Winchester-move and been resurrected. But then another situation was thrown into the mix. Sam had been kidnapped. Dean just couldn’t catch a break! Like come on man, seriously? It was always flying from one bad situation to the next, possibly even worse scenario, time and time again. So that was why he was so surprised when he found himself daydreaming of another future. He was starting to see that there was always going to be things to hunt, things to kill but that all of it wasn’t on his shoulders alone. He was starting to see that not all bad things were his fault. He was starting to see himself as
Cas grasped Dean’s face between his palms, forcing Dean to look at him straight in the eye. The weight of Cas’s eyes on him was what tipped him over the edge and Dean came with a groan. Cas followed closely behind. Cas looked bright and glowing in the throes of passion Dean had to shield his eyes from it.
“Sam and I are heading out to interview the last victim’s family.” Cas’ hand was still heavy on his shoulder and the warmth of it was soothing and grounding.
Dean’s stomach was in knots and it was taking all of his willpower not to cross the room and throw Mary away from Cas. This was her fault! He wanted to blame it all on her but a part of him was bashing his head in because he should’ve been able to look after Cas. He should’ve never let him get this bad. He should’ve done something
“Get a room!” Dean’s ears were filled with cat calls and people hollering them to get a room. Dean chuckled as leaned his forehead against Cas’s. He wanted nothing more than to be left alone to make out but they were pretending and Cas clearly had wanted to spend time with these people.
He’d had changed to the clothes none the less at a gas station ten minutes away from the address. Sammy had been an ass and decided not to tell Dean what he was walking into, saying only that Cas would tell everything once he got there.
“Aww… Won’t you look at that! My big brother’s really a big softie!” Dean jumped up from the bed like someone lit a fire under his ass and hissed out as CasCat tried to hang on to his chest with his nails.
Cas was on the floor, poking at the carpet with his index finger and Dean tried not to grimace. Who knew what lived on those carpets. While Cas was busy exploring the room and in no obvious danger, Dean pulled out dad’s journal, flipping through it, trying to find anything helpful in there. Dean was 99% certain he wouldn’t find anything useful there because he’d read through the whole thing countless of times while searching for his dad.
“No! The Princes are all dead!” There was worry in Cas’s voice that made Dean loose a part of his bravado.
wasn’t in the mood. If he’d stayed at the party maybe he’d found someone else to hook up with. Stephanie had been eyeing him with hunger for the whole night so maybe he could’ve hit that again. He’d left her three months ago but the word on the street was that she was still into him. Who could blame her? He was a fucking hunk compared to all the other losers in the school!
The muscles on his back rippled with each move and his bicep was bulging as he pulled Dean behind him. Cas’s hips had a slight sway to them and it made his ass look amazing bouncing in front of his eyes. An image of him on his knees, biting the flesh in Cas’s ass made blood pool in his groin.
Dean kind of had a thing about pickup trucks. Ever since he’d seen Jack Bish jump down his shiny black pickup at Walshgrave high with his windswept hair and jean jacket thrown over his shoulder, Dean had been screwed. Dean had felt flustered and nearly tripped over the steps leading up to the school and made an ass out of himself. He didn’t really know what was it about trucks that made is blood pool hotly in his groin area but there he was, staring at Cas like a scared animal and wishing for his blood to flow anywhere else than downwards.
They arrived at the closest affordable and semi-clean motel not too far from the cat corner. Already Dean could feel his throat itching but he was sure it was more of a mental thing than due to an actual allergic reaction. Dean was more than happy to let Sam deal with booking a room while he stayed behind with Baby. He leaned heavily to her side almost dozing off in the warmth of the sun.
When Mary had appeared, brought back from death he’d been overjoyed, happy that he had a chance to have his mother back and glad they had a chance to get to know each other. Things started out good. He introduced Mary to Cas and they hit it off almost immediately. They found Sam and made peace with the British Men of Letters and after a few weeks things started to go down. Mary started going on solo hunts, taking longer and longer to get back and refusing help, other than that from Cas. She pulled herself further and further away from them and then the blow out happened.
The shirt dropped to the floor and Cas pressed against him. His naked chest was against Cas’s naked chest. Holyshit! Dean didn’t know why he was just standing there when he could be making out with Cas again, touching his skin. He leaned in, devouring Cas’s mouth with his. Cas let out a wanton moan and shit if that didn’t go straight to Dean’s dick.
Dean finally reached out to take hold of Cas’ hand when Sam gave up and went to his bed, falling asleep instantly. He had wanted to do that the second they had nothing more to do than wait but he felt embarrassed to do it in front of Sam. Dean was 90 percent sure Sam would be cool with it but he wasn’t.
“Cas, what are you doing?” He managed to stutter out and Cas’ only reply was to plop himself on Dean’s lap and looked thoroughly pleased with himself.
“How do you feel Dean?” Finally he came closer to the bed and Dean lifted himself to a sitting position.
“Nothing much. The vic’s are all from different age, gender and ethnicity groups. The disappearances have happened sporadically. Luckily the last known whereabouts of the victims is about five to seven mile radius so we shouldn’t have a too much of a problem scouting the area.”
Surprisingly old and deep voice answered back to him. While reading his email he’d thought the man would sound younger.
“Cas can’t really handle flirting.” The familiar gut-punch feeling took over Dean as he held out the beers for his brother and his Angel. No, not
“You a hungry bunch aren’t you?” A loud chorus of meowing answered followed by a laugh. “Now hold up, wait —“
“Really Sam, that’s where you want to go?” Idiot brother, he was just smirking back at him like he was the funniest person in the world. Which he wasn’t. “Now that Sleeping Beauty is awake, what do we do?”
“Don’t you want this, Dean?” Cas had his hand pressed against Dean’s bare chest, pushing the shirt and exposing Dean’s skin to the cool air. “Do you not want me?”
“Get away from him!” He screamed, and all of his power was directed towards Chuck. Dean ran to Sam and untied him with the knife still dripping with Cas’s blood.
“Well…” she searched for eye contact and found it with Sam. There was a desperation in them that told Dean all he needed to know.
On September 13, 2005, the cult phenomenon Supernatural, created by Erik Kripke, first aired on WB. The show follows the Winchester brothers, Sam and Dean, as they tackle hunts for monsters and countless other things that go bump in the night. The first two seasons are mostly the same; the brothers hunt a monster, kill it, and occasionally get a hint at the location of their missing father. The character this essay will analyze is Dean, the older of the pair. The main focus will be his sexuality and the heavy controversy surrounding it, but the trauma of his past and how it has affected the way he deals with self-discovery and emotion will also play a role in this analysis.
So why is this important? A simple mistake from an employee and overanalysis on Dean’s reaction isn’t enough to begin to claim he’s anything but a straight-macho-girls™ man. This interaction mostly compares Dean’s response to Sam’s to point out that this argument built for Dean’s bisexuality couldn’t simply be copy and pasted onto Sam to receive the same result. Someone looking to prove Sam as anything but hetero would be hard-pressed to find real evidence in the show’s canon.
Dean’s heart started to pick up and he locked eyes with Cas. There was stoicism there in the way only someone already too hurt could produce. Dean felt suddenly very sick.
Dean focused on Jack, who looked like he was trying to get out of his restraints, but his eyes would begin to glow and then faint out. All the hope from just a few minutes ago was nowhere to be found. How had Chuck managed to get through the warding? They had been caught off guard, Dean
The reason for this is that Mary and John Winchester fell in love because John had memorized all of Led Zeppelin songs and Mary thought he deserved a second date because of that. The first thing Nick talks about is Dean’s car, which he immediately classifies and gushes over. When they arrive at the strip club, Nick and Dean are seen seated a considerable distance away from the strippers and across from each other at a table discussing Led Zeppelin. Nick knows all the tracks and even calls Dean out when he misses a few. Dean even gives Nick his signature heart eyes, which can be seen here. Just when all of the evidence is piling up that Cara is the siren seducing Sam, Dean and Nick are seen in the Impala together. At this point in the game, Nick and Dean have barely spent any time together, but Dean offers Nick a sip from his flask anyway. This is how the Siren’s poison infects Dean, the swapping of spit on the rim of the flask. There was really no way that Nick could have known that Dean would offer him the flask so I ask; what was the backup plan? Basically all Nick had to do was know that what Dean desired most was a clean-cut, blue-eyed man in a position of power with an interest in cars, who would show him respect and share a few drinks with him. It gets even more interesting when Dean is under the curse and Sam finds Nick in the motel room, Sam doesn’t seem surprised at all to find that Dean’s Siren was a man even though he couldn’t have known about the flask, even calling Nick a “but ugly stripper” to emphasize the point.
It is not a large leap of brainpower to assume the constant repression of Dean’s emotions is a direct result of his childhood trauma. Besides that, a deep dive into Dean’s emotional repression gives us a look into his character and subsequent development that takes place during the season. The first major example of Dean’s repression is season four when he gets back from hell. While Sam is constantly trying to get him to open up about his experiences, he claims to not remember anything but Sam simply does not believe him. “Instead of opening up, he drinks more, he sleeps less, he’s moody and irritable and despite a light moment here and there, generally unhappy” (Hells_half_acre). When Dean keeps closing up Sam insults him and claims hell changed him. In reality, Dean is dealing with intense guilt over the fact that he chose to torture souls instead of being tortured and, worse, that he enjoyed it. After Dean finally gives in and confesses to the horrific torture he endured and inflicted, there are other startling hints about his other experiences that he leaves out. The most disturbing of which is the constant references to sexual assault and rape that are pointed out. In the episode Wishful Thinking, Dean has a nightmare in which he cries out “No!”. Now it may seem like overanalysis to assume he’s not screaming about regular torture, but Allistair’s comments while Dean is torturing him, such as “you have not disappointed me so far. Come on. You gotta want a little payback for everything I did to you. For all the pokes and prods. Hm?” and “But daddy's little girl, he broke. He broke in thirty. Oh, just not the man your daddy wanted you to be, huh, Dean?” suggests otherwise. Dean’s reactions to all these things and more are not indicative that he ever will or was intending to talk about the horrors he endured in hell, but it is a good start in understanding the layers of his hidden emotions and attempts to seem strong.
On a Saturday night, when Cas is making them dinner in the kitchen, Dean shows up in the doorway. Cas doesn’t really know how he managed to do it, but he’s dressed in the tux from Sam’s wedding. In his hand is the mixtape from all those years ago.
“Cas,” Dean pressed his face into Cas’s cheek and hiccuped, “Cas! Cas, come on buddy, come on, don’t die on me, don’t-”
Suddenly, the black wrapped itself around Jack’s restraints and he busted free, tears in his raging eyes.
I was a soft kiss, tepid and quick. Less worried about a promise to continue and more an admittance of past failures.
After all these years, everything they had been through and this conversation had never happened. The type of unsaid conversation that meant Dean knew exactly what the answer to his question would be before he asked it.
“Dean…?” Sam’s quiet voice broke through the void he was sucked into, “Are you there?” He froze in the doorway of the library where they had once sat as a family and played games, eaten food, and read lore books. Jack was next to him, the joy of accomplishing their goal wiped clean from his face at the sight.
so much that when he finally realized he was, it was too late. Always too late. Hell, Cas's bloody handprint was still on his arm, nevermind that his hands were coated in browning clots.
The next example is from season 5 episode 7, “The curious case of Dean Winchester”. This is a short one without too much analysis, it pretty much just speaks for itself. The Winchesters are on a case per usual. When they go to interview a man who might have information, they walk in on the said man in the middle of a threesome. Dean proceeds to walk over to the guy, lift the blanket covering his literal crotch, stares at it, then says “huh, that’s nice. Well, you look great Cliff!” To be fair, this move can be justified by the fact that he was looking for a birthmark on the guy, but why the reaction? And why when they leave the hotel room does Dean stop, turn, wink at him, and say “Stay classy.” This one is just one of those moments where Dean does something out of the blue for no apparent reason that Sam would never even consider.
Cas can only heal so much. He does what he can, but human aging is inevitable. He helps Dean walk to separate parts of the bunker. Dean hates needing the help, but Cas reassures him it’s fine. It's normal. He's just grateful to be there. He wants nothing more than to take care of him.
“We have to find him, what if he does something stupid, he didn’t bring his phone. He doesn’t know-” Sam’s voice came from the library.
I said and you-” Dean swallowed and resisted the tightness in his eyes, “I don’t even care anymore.” Without a second thought, he stormed down that hallway into the library.
Now that we’ve talked about random interactions with strangers and Sam, the list of main characters that Dean has a less-than-straight relationship is in line for analysis. Up first is the king of Hell himself, Crowley. The very first thing we see Crowley do is kiss a businessman simply to call out his homophobia, which is already kind of iconic. The other person we see Crowley kiss is Bobby Singer after selling his soul to seal the deal, followed by Crowley’s line “why’d you use tongue?” Throughout the series, Crowley is seen as a fairly openly queer character who regularly flirts with both men and women for personal and professional reasons. The major turning point for his character is in the season eight finale. To complete the final trial in closing hell, Sam and Dean kidnap Crowley and pump his full of human blood to turn him human. This fails, but Crowley gains emotions he had previously lost and gets addicted to human blood the same way Sam was addicted to demon blood. During this time, Crowley experiences overwhelming human emotion and grows notably more attached to Dead than he was originally. Even when he gets off the blood, this attachment doesn’t leave him. His true feelings for Dean are really revealed in season 9 episode 23, “Do you believe in miracles?”. At the end of the episode, Dean is dead and Crowley makes a speech to his dead body before turning him into a demon. “Your brother, bless his soul. Is summoning me as I speak. Make a deal, bring you back. It’s exactly what I was talking about, isn’t it? It’s all become so… expected. You have to believe me. When I suggested you take the mark of Cain, I didn’t know this was going to happen. Not really. I mean I might not have told you the entire truth. But I never lied. I never lied, Dean. That’s important. It’s fundamental. (He talks more about Cain, not too important). Listen to me Dean Winchester, what you're feeling right now, it’s not death. It's like- a new kind of life. Open your eyes, Dean. See what I see. Feel what I feel. Let’s go take a howl at that moon.”
“I will never let you rest for as long as you have him,” Jack promised, “Never. I’ll keep you awake for eternity with all your thoughts and demons.”
OSM: Considering the Siren initially appears as a female that seduced men, it was almost as if gender wasn't a factor for it.
“In my whole writing career, there was one thing I could never get right,” Chuck began to pace and scratch at his own beard, “I had thousands of years and hundreds of relationships with humans of all types, but I could never seem to get it
If a casual viewer picked a random episode roughly from seasons 1-10, they would be hard-pressed to come across one that doesn’t include Dean flirting with, being flirted with, or actively sleeping with a woman. One of the key cornerstones that Dean’s personality stands on is his love for women, and to claim that part of him doesn’t exist would be ludicrous. This essay isn’t denying that Dean is very much attracted to women at all, just wanted to establish that first.
The show chalks this whole encounter up to be that Nick was actually playing the perfect little brother that Dean always wanted; but the sexual tension throughout the episode, flirting at the strip club, and inherent nature of the Siren as a whole makes it hard to not see the subtext that a male Siren for Dean means. The actor that played Nick in this episode did an interview on his experience. Here are some highlights worth discussing;
Dean was confused, but he didn’t hesitate. He ran to Cas’s side as Jack and the empty worked to subdue Chuck.
“I'm sorry about the coat,” he murmured into Cas’s neck when they broke apart, “I couldn’t bear to look at it anymore.”
“I made a deal, Dean. My soul for Jack’s,” his tone was flat and emotionless, a reflection of his past self ten years ago when he was still a thoughtless soldier. Dean hated it.
“I’d call it better than Romeo and Juliet, personally,” he clapped his hands and the knife was driven through Cas’s side.
I could mention how Dean reacts to meeting Gunner Lawless, but that would be redundant so it’s being skipped. Let’s talk more about Dean repressing things, but this time with a focus on things he views as feminine. For example; he says he doesn’t like Dr. Sexy, and then admits he’s a reluctant fan. He says “no chick flick moments,” but later admits that he does like chick flicks. He says he hates anything that’s not classic rock and then turns up Taylor Swift. He says he hates vegetable water, and then later sneaks a glass. He says he hates superheroes, but then bonds with a comic book fan over his endless array of knowledge on them. Dean’s whole character is about denying things that are later proved wrong by himself. This argument is not saying a man who likes feminine things inherently makes him gay, as Sam openly likes all these things and is not. However, if Dean is read as a potentially very closeted bisexual who is always worried about his masculinity, the constant hatred of “feminine” things starts to make sense. So, when Dean says that he “doesn’t play for the other team” as a defense that fits the previous pattern, it’s not so far-fetched to assume it as another denial. This is especially true considering that, even when the offers from men press forward, Dean doesn’t use outright denial anymore, usually cracking a joke like; “spanky the demon. yeah, I heard about you. you’re the one who uses too much teeth, right?”(8.01) and when a guy tells Dean to get on his knees, and Dean replies “well I’m awfully flattered but..”
“Did you get any sleep?” Sam asked him with an eyebrow raised, but not in any way judgemental. Dean assumed by the state of his eyebags Sam didn’t get any sleep either.
Crowley turns Dean into a demon so that he will go on a road trip escapade. He hasn’t felt emotions in centuries, but when it comes to Dean he feels bad about things going sideways. The pair continue to go on a summer-long road trip later referred to jokingly as “the summer of love” by Sam. On this road trip, many things happen that are not exactly heterosexual. First, Dean doesn’t care at all when Crowley pops into his room after having sex with a girl, and it is later said that they “shared triplets”. In the first episode of season 10, we see Dean and Crowley playing foosball (phallic imagery) with a pair of male twins in flannel when the third can be seen at the bar behind them. Of course, it is very possible the pair ran into a set of female triplets later on in their trip, but why include the male ones in the first episode? Oh also, the two are seen talking in a gay bar called “the pink flamingo”, which can be seen here. See the pictures in the back? Not a normal dive bar.
Cas’s face was turning pale, but his eyes were still clear. Dean clung to the life in them as he unwillingly carved into newly human flesh. It didn’t even register to Dean until now that an angel wouldn’t be bleeding like this. Cas was human. How long had it been that way? Dean had no idea.
“Come on Cas, stay with me,” Dean pleaded as they pushed into the library. He tried to start going up the stairs but Cas collapsed.
“I have been human before,” Cas said, returning the smile, “But I will never forget the simple novelty of being
Out of all the things he expected his insane and messed up life to be, trapping God in the empty and losing his angel best friend in one night was not one of them. He would laugh if it didn’t hurt to breathe.
There’s something that happens when a boy is trained at a very young age to suppress his feelings for as long as the immediate threat was dealt with. It was then that this training kicked in for Dean. He wasn’t crying. He didn’t know how anymore. With the back of his hands, he pressed into his eyes and felt himself slip down what was left of the wall.
Cas was leaning on his right side as they limped through the familiar halls of the bunker. One of Cas’s hands was pressing into his wound and the other was slung over Dean’s shoulders. His breaths were shallow.
The aging becomes more obvious. Sometimes Dean needs help going up the stairs. He has trouble picking up his baby nephew. Cas remains the same as always- unaged. It doesn't bother him that Dean is getting older. It never will. He gets in the habit of making breakfast alone and bringing it to the man he loves instead. He quietly mourns the time they shared in the kitchen so often but is grateful for the few times they still do.
Moving right along to season 7 episode 12, “Time After Time,” I start a statement from Sam that, in context, isn’t all that incriminating for Dean. Earlier in the episode, Sam makes a joke about Dean watching anime, and later he brings the joke up again; “Are you gonna watch more anime, or are you strictly into Dick now?” Dick of course being the head Leviathan and the big bad for this season. Dean’s reaction isn’t all that shocking either, he just shrugs it off. The point of this is to set the mood for the episode, as that particular joke is what the writers chose to include for the setup. Similar to Dr. Sexy, Dean has nearly the same reaction to Eliot Ness when he is sent back to 1944. He’s less flustered and more fanboying, which is fair enough. He and Eliot are fairly “touchy-feely” throughout the episode and there’s an odd gap involving missing clothing and outfit changes, but that’s too nitpicky to really consider the evidence. What is considered evidence though, is that Dean blatantly checks a random soldier’s ass out while entering the tailor shop, which you can see here.
“Oh, Cas,” he says, and Cas places his hands on Dean’s face and kisses him for a long time. They fought for so long. They had a beautiful life. Dean Winchester, the man who was supposed to die young, had defied his own expectations.
“There is a spell,” Rowena said, temporarily separated from her throne in hell to deal with the Chuck problem.
Chuck snapped once again and Dean was free from his bonds and standing in front of Cas. There was a blade in his hand that wasn’t there before, but when he tried to move he was frozen in place.
“I’ll do it,” Dean said, stepping forward to put himself in the line of fire. He had a responsibility to protect the people he cared about, and he would never stop doing so until his last breath.
“No one could ever write us” Dean smiled briefly, “You do too many stupid things to be predictable,” he cradled his angel between his arms, vaguely aware that the sounds of fighting had stopped.
As expected, Cas followed him. The others, however, did not. Dean had to suppress a twisted laugh at the entire situation.
Putting all these scenarios together, we get to see that Dean is a depressed, self-hating, functioning alcoholic because did I mention how much alcohol he drinks? He’s admitted before he’s a functioning alcoholic, and it’s rare to catch an episode where he doesn’t have at least one beer. This is a good closer for this section, as it just shows how much he drowns out everything he feels.
Dean looked up at Cas, a fast and instant reaction. With horror, Dean realized that for the first time since they had known each other, Dean had never seen Cas cry. Not like this. The mess of tears falling down his cheeks and clumping under his eyes. They were so tired, when had they gotten so tired? When had Cas gone from a timeless being of magnificent beauty to a sobbing, exhausted, mess? Dean couldn’t fight it anymore, the tears were falling from his eyes too. They burnt as they fell, heavy lead balls pinging on his maroon button-up.
For just a moment, Dean felt hope blossom in his chest. If there was a spell that could help Jack kill Chuck, there was a chance they could win.
They hug once more as Sam and Eileen come out of the roadhouse. Looking around at his family, Cas is truly happy.
Crowley is quick to realize demon Dean isn’t the perfect companion he thought he would be. In fact, he sends Dean back to Sam to fix him. For the rest of the season, Crowley is seen slacking in hell and pining for Dean constantly. At one point, he sits in a bar drinking and looking at a picture of him and Dean as Hey There Lonely Girl by Eddie Holman plays. He is mocked by his demons and told to “move on” while also being called the Winchester’s bitch, (especially Dean’s) which he doesn’t deny. Crowley continues to do everything Dean asks him to, leading to his death in season 12 episode 13 “All along the Watchtower” when he dies in order to save the brothers. During the funeral for Castiel, Dean admits that losing Crowley was also part of the failure to trap Lucifer.
“I think you know already,” and through all of the pain, and tears, and unsaid things Cas smiled. It was so honest and raw, so much so that Dean couldn’t stop the sound that escaped his lips. He didn’t know what to do, anymore. Not that he ever really knew what to do, he had Sam to tell him what to do when he couldn’t figure it out. This was something Sam could never fix.
JP: Yeah, at that point, I thought he should be ambiguously sexual. As the FBI Agent, he was a guy's guy, but this creature wasn't a guy or a girl. I tried to find something in between and enjoyed having control over these boys in a sexual way. It's a strange way to describe it.
Dean pulled him closer and rested his forehead on the crown of Jack’s head. He didn’t know what to say because he didn’t want to lie. With a glance at his right, Dean saw Sam smiling softly at him. Dean was never one for affection, ever. He preferred to be affectionate with a case of beer and a stranger from the bar over someone he actually cared about. In this moment with Jack he still wanted the beer, but maybe being loved by people wasn’t as bad as he thought it was.
Dean clenched his fist and tried not to lash out. He and Cas had finally stopped fighting, and he didn’t- couldn’t- die knowing Cas was furious with him.
They kiss under the streetlight on a Tuesday night. Dean's cheeks are flushed from the drinks they shared at the bar with the neon sign. Cas thinks he’s never been more beautiful. The kiss is soft and tender, so unlike every other thing that has happened to Dean Winchester. Cas has to hold back tears.
Sam was drinking coffee when he got back, sweaty with a pink flush of morning cold air on his cheeks. Jack was next to him staring at Cas’s empty seat and Dean patted his arm when he walked around the table with his own cup.
“How genius is it that the one person the rebellious angel dedicated his insignificant life to was the one who would kill him.”
“You could have made it easy Dean Winchester,” Chuck said as the blade was pulled from the wound and dragged around the edges, “all you had to do was follow the script.”
They walked into the bunker with their arms swinging side by side and ate as a family. They were finally happy, and Dean nearly sobbed at the relief of Cas’s hand connected with his under the table.
Cas is still physically the same angel, but he is no longer really such. He sends the text to Sophia, wraps his arms around the man he had rebuilt atom by atom. The man who taught him to love. Even in death, Cas thinks, he is still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester. Cas makes one final prayer to Jack and knows it will be granted.
They attend Sam and Eileen's wedding, matching tuxedos. Out of her bouquet, Cas weaves the flowers together to make a crown and places it on her head. She signs a thank you, and Cas is happy. After the ceremony, she returns it to him and he places it on his head. Dean compliments him, and it surprises Cas still that such a thing can take his breath away.
On the fifteenth anniversary of their first kiss, Dean asks Cas to marry him. They are leaning on the impala and watching the sunset, lips edged with vanilla iced cream and smiles. Cas cries and accepts the ring- the old one Dean used to wear years ago. The metal is warm on his skin held between Dean’s dangerous but gentle hands.
full bottle of whiskey. His head was pounding as he watched the numbers on the clock tick every agonizing second until it hit 4 am and he couldn't stand to lie there anymore.
After Dean saves Das from the empty, tears in his eyes and heart on his sleeve, Das knows this is how he wants his life to be.
“No, come on Cas stay with me,” Dean pressed their foreheads together and tried to straighten his tilting head with gentle hands.
“What would make you happy, Cas?” There. He had said it. He had asked the fatal question, the money blow. The shriveled up, locked away part of himself that would be exposed as a festering, blistered wound if faced with the honest truth.
“I understand,” Cas replied, and Dean could feel his face forming a grin, “I was in need of a new wardrobe anyway.”
Dean opens a bar. He radiates joy with every drink he pours, and Cas stands next to his side as he serves new starry-eyed customers that don’t eye him hungrily like they used to. Cas is quite okay with that, he does enough himself to make up for it. To these strangers, Dean Winchester is the nice old man who owns the bar on the corner of West street. They don’t know who he is or what he has done. Every day, Dean gets a little less guarded. Cas is honored to be the knight guarding that gate.
Bisexuality is the attraction to both men and women, most bisexuals are not strictly 50/50, in fact, the majority have a waxing and waning preference either way. Based on the canon we are given, Dean’s preference is women. His attraction to men, however, is not only a highly debated topic in the fandom but to some characters in the show as well. It would be unfair to cite the countless times Dean and Sam are mistaken as a couple because they are brothers and Wincest shippers are disgusting. Their reactions to being accused as such are notable and worthy of analysis. The first time this mistake happens is in season two episode eleven “playthings” when a hotel worker asks if they are “here antiquing because they look the type” and then assumes they will want a king-size bed. What’s notable isn’t her mistake, it’s the difference between Sam and Dean’s reactions to it. Sam politely tells her that they are brothers and is able to swiftly move on. Dean, however, stares at her as if she hit him in the face. It’s not a face of anger, more like a shocked one that remains there until he asks her (with a fear that is so awkward it feels out of character) “why they look the part.” Later in the room when clear Sam has moved on from the encounter, Dean brings it up again with “of course the most troubling question is why do these people assume we’re gay.” The way Dean slides it back into the conversation almost seems like he’s asking Sam for confirmation that they (or he) isn’t like that at all. This is similar to many closeted individuals’ experiences in an attempt to look as straight as possible. Why would a guy that’s comfortable in his heterosexuality ask so many concerned questions about coming across as gay? And when Sam gives him a funny look before joking that Dean “looks butch and they probably think [he’s] overcompensating.” Once again, Dean looks at the floor and shakes his head with a defeated “right,” almost like he’s accepted that he’s (once again) not doing something good enough.
Mary Winchester was murdered by demon Azazel, nicknamed “yellow eyes” in the pilot episode of Supernatural. Her death led to the estrangement of John Winchester, her husband, and the father of Sam and Dean. John was overtaken by the need for revenge and took his sons on the road with him to begin a long and dangerous life of hunting. Being raised with no home and no mother, Dean was forced to act as both a father because and mother to Sam because of the frequent sequences of abandonment in various motel rooms that sometimes went on for months. In season 12 episode 12, Dean confronts Mary about this; “I had to be more than just a brother I had to be a father and I had to be a mother to keep him safe, and that wasn’t fair.” Throughout the series, Dean is shown cooking, cleaning up after, and comforting Sam in their childhood. In season 3, episode 8 “A Very Supernatural Christmas,” John doesn’t come back for Christmas even though Sam wanted him to. Dean cuts down a tree, decorates it, and wraps gifts he stole from a house up the block for Sam while claiming it was John that came back and did it just to make Sam happy. He has put Sam’s happiness above his own since before Sam even knew monsters existed. There are many other examples of Dean giving up his own happiness in his childhood for Sam’s, such as the dance he misses with his first girlfriend in season 9 episode 7 “Bad Boys” because he sees Sam playing with a toy in the Impala.
“Come on, let’s go make Cas something to eat,” Sam said, grabbing Jack’s arm and leading him back to the bunker without looking back.
“I always liked the trenchcoat, it was a signature- you know? Like Fred’s ascot or Marty Mcfly’s orange vest.”
He spends his days in bed, but Cas is there. He brings Dean water and his medicine. Heals the minor aches and soothes his arthritis. Cas prays to Jack- asks to just have a little longer.
When they had arrived at the bus terminal, Meg got out of the car with him. “Call me as soon as you’ve found a place to stay. And if you don’t find one, you come right back. I’ll buy you a ticket and you’ll be living with us, okay?”
Dean sat up. “Even if I liked him that way, he never was and never will be my boyfriend.” Then it dawned on him. “Is that the reason you acted like a total jerk towards him? Because you thought we were together and you couldn’t stand seeing me with a guy like that?”
“Right…cheers,” he said, briefly lifting his champagne and downing half of it in one draw. “What about wine? Don’t you drink wine during Mass. The whole ‘the blood of Christ’ deal, I mean.”
“Yes, I like her. She’s nice. I’m also really fond of her son, Jack. He’s a ray of sunshine and he was such a good baby during the nativity play. But here’s the thing: he reminds me every time of how I won’t ever have a son or a daughter. I know I’m lucky to have my brother’s kids around but I can’t even be a proper uncle to them. I have so many more people I need to care about. Not that I don’t like this job, but… Do you understand me?”
“No, I can save him. I can bring him back!” Jack’s face was distorted with grief so badly Sam had to look away.
The depression side of his life is less about being sad or drinking (both of which he does frequently and in extreme excess) and more about his underlying suicidal tendencies throughout the series that even now in season 15 has not wavered. The copy of himself in his own dream tells him his life is worthless and he should just die. It’s not that Dean is an active suicide risk, he knows he’s too valuable to the world to just die, plus he would never go out without something like a bullet to himself. The loophole that Dean continues to use is “there’s a risk I could hurt Sam or end the world at all? I’ll take the responsibility immediately and make sure I die.” This loophole takes place in the following scenarios:
was a mistake. He loved Cas. God, he loved Cas more than anything. The last time he thought he lost him, Dean literally killed himself. What was he supposed to do? If he tried again, would death let him? He didn’t have anything left to accomplish- Chuck was trapped. Had he finally done enough to earn the peace he craved?
Dean ages. It starts with a strand of grey hair. Cas loves this too. It means that Dean has lived longer than he ever thought he deserved. When he starts to get small aches, Cas heals them secretly while he sleeps, stroking the grey hair from his wrinkling face. Dean never says anything about them, but Cas knows when he feels one. He did build this body, himself, after all.
“It’s not your fault,” Dean put his hand frantically on the wound to stop the bleeding, “it’s not- please, Cas, come on keep breathing.”
In Season 10, Dean deals with the Mark of Cain. For as long as he can, Dean acts as though the mark is not affecting him. Over and over again he hides from Sam the damage it’s doing and how hard it is to stay non-violent until finally, nearly at the breaking point, he admits the power it holds over him and that he literally needs to lock himself away so as not to hurt anyone. And that doesn’t happen until he almost kills Claire and brutally murders a large group of her kidnappers. In Season 11, Dean deals with his feelings toward Amara. These are emotions he represses in particular, as Sam doesn't find out how he feels until episode 13.
“Ah, ah, ah,” she smiled and put up a finger, “A deal is a deal. Now that Chuck is with me, I can finally rest.”
JP: Right, which is really bizarre. There had to be some way to get that across without being ridiculous. When the brothers found out I was the Siren, I couldn't keep acting like a woman and it wouldn't have been real if I kept going as a man. I tried to find something almost neutral, but displaying some kind of sexual tension. It was weird, and I don't know how I came up with that.
When his father died at the end of season two, Dean felt like he was worth nothing. He was taught that he basically doesn’t matter his whole life and that Sam is the number one priority no matter what happens to him. He doesn’t have his own ambitions, he drives his Dad’s car, wears his dad’s jacket, and listens to his music. The dream copy proceeds to say “do you even have an original thought? All he ever did was train you, boss you around. But Sam... Sam he doted on. Sam he loved. Dad knew who you really were, a good soldier, and nothing else.” Not only does Dean feel cheated by his childhood, he seems himself as completely worthless. His mind is plagued by his Father’s demands set upon him at such a young age that it’s truly miraculous he didn’t crack sooner. To further emphasize his lack of self-worth without droning on for too long with too many examples, later in the series, Crowley even says, “No one hates you more than you. Believe me, I've tried.” When the King of Hell himself doesn’t think he can hate Dean more than he hates himself, there’s a serious problem.
“Good morning, you two!” Dean greeted the girls a little later with a grin when they got out of their tent to join him and Cas for breakfast.
The offer left Dean breathless, goosebumps appearing on his arms. “Yeah, cool, thanks,” he replied in search for the right words. “I’ll finish in an hour. But I really should shower before. I’d never forgive myself getting grease on your seats. How about we’d have dinner first? There’s a great barbecue down the road…we could meet there in two hours.”
Their father had been an avid hunter and he used to take Dean with him sometimes when he got older but Dean stopped killing things after Dad died. He’d much rather sit outside and watch wild animals without meaning any harm to them and hunting was never Sam’s things either, though Dad had tried to get him into it as well. He was furious when Sam got into environmental activism at college and called their old man out on murder over a Thanksgiving dinner. Sam wanted to get rid of it after Dad’s death. “We probably live in the safest place in America where nothing ever happens,” he said, yet Dean convinced him to keep it. Just in case.
Dean was getting antsy and messaged Cas about when he had time. Cas told him to come over at six when his roommate would have left for the library.
He puffs, lucky not to have lost his glasses that are dangling from one ear. Without a word he stalks back up to his lounger, lies down on his stomach and closes his eyes, face turned away from Cas, indicating silence.
“I don’t know. Since your birthday party maybe when Cas walked off with this girl, Mandy—I think that’s when I realized,” Dean answered. There had always been this latent attraction, though he had been convinced Cas wasn’t more than a friend to him. He hadn’t been happy to hear that Cas had a girlfriend but that was before he got to know him better, got to know the person behind the pretty face. Dean had loved him, like he loved Charlie. Yet, this love had progressed into some more—he had
Cas sprawled out on the couch, shifting until he had found a comfortable position. Dean sat on the recliner, expectantly, with wide and hungry eyes.
Cas looks at their joined hands and Dean seems to realize only now they haven’t stopped yet and awkwardly unwinds his fingers from Cas’s. A moment of silence follows.
“It’s true,” Cas says. “Everyone knows. Even the people who asked me to work with them on this. They probably don’t even seriously consider me for the part. The just want to watch me fail again for a good laugh.”
Dean, however, loved the peacefulness around. The dead didn’t talk, unlike the birds and the wind that, every once in a while, caressed the trees and shrubberies. He also liked to watch the squirrels scavenge for food and sometimes Uncle Bobby allowed him to bring nuts for the shy animals and even Sam appreciated watching them collect the offerings with their tiny hands.
“Don’t you wanna stay a little longer? We haven’t really had an opportunity to talk lately,” Cas suggested.
“I was thinking, maybe, horseback riding? Could I make a trip to a ranch or something, borrow a horse for a few days, go camping or so?”
“Charlie?” Cas says. “I didn’t know she was coming too.” He’d assumed it would only be the two of them but apparently Dean failed to mention Charlie’s involvement to him. Not that he doesn’t like Charlie. In fact, he likes her a lot and with her on board they might actually have a chance at getting away this. Charlie has her ways, even though Cas often questions their accordance with the law.
Dean sighed. It was the best he could’ve expected from his father and decided to just take it. “I’d like to sleep now. Long night, you know.”
“I really don’t know what to make of this,” Mrs. Novak said rather absently and left the room. Cas was about to follow her but his father held him back. “Give her some time; she needs to process. You have to admit it’s a long shot from being on the way to becoming a priest to suddenly bringing a boyfriend home.”
“Yeah, I’d like that…animal-assisted therapy. It helps, really,” Jesse says, looking at his husband with glassy eyes, and Cesar squeezes his hand tightly.
The night they’ve been looking forward to for weeks has finally come and Dean is pumped—it’s been forever since he’s gone out to party and what better occasion is there than his best friend getting married soon? He’s intent on having a good time tonight and making this special for Benny. He’s never before been to the club he’s picked for them but there are not many choices in the area and they’d agreed on staying close by and not driving so far that they’d have to find a place to stay overnight. Benny is crashing with Dean, however, because his future wife definitely doesn’t want to see him after a wild night out with the guys. It’s clear that he’s set on the right place when they walk downstairs and see the half-naked go-go girls dancing in cages high up in the air. The fact that there’s also a topless guy, his oiled abs glistening in the light, is something he can ignore. Something that he can’t overlook, though, is that, of all the places, this is the club Cas has to be in on the exact same night that Dean is and that pisses him off.
This is ridiculous. There is no adventure. A tragedy occurred and he was the sad bastard unlucky enough to witness it. He’s not going to find anything. He’s not going to be a hero and save the day. He should stick to what he knows he can do and that is making art.
So now Cas has an appointment to get his car fixed. Technically, it doesn’t need fixing but hopefully everyone will shut up now about it.
“Well, I could too if she finds out were you are. And you shouldn’t have lied in the first place, Claire. What were you thinking?”
On top of that came the fact that it wasn’t just some girl he’d taken this important step with, but his best friend. His male best friend. Dean had had years to get used to the idea of being attracted to men but Cas—it was likely he’d never even contemplated this.
“Do you know what our son’s been doing tonight?” he asked rhetorically. “He was hanging out with some guy—all muscles. Gunnar’s his name, right?” He was becoming more aggressive with every sentence. “He’s got a really nice car. Not spacious but I guess it’s got room enough. Am I right, Dean?”
Sam’s response gets stuck halfway in his throat when the meaning of Dean’s words sinks in. He’s staring at Dean’s finger pointing at him, cross-eyed, the view of it almost comedic.
“Yes, Mr. Novak. I wanna be one of the good guys. My daddy was a bad one,” a statement which appears to embarrass Kelly, “but I will never follow his footsteps. For every awful thing he’s done I wanna do a hundred good ones.”
The silence that follows feels thick as jelly and the sudden thought of food—peanut butter and jelly sandwich—evokes a grumble from Cas’s stomach and his face flushes from embarrassment as Dean lets out a laugh.
In the beginning, Bobby would still take them to their mother’s grave when they came to visit him in Sioux Falls, but, as time went by, they drove out less and less and then Bobby died, too, and Dean had almost forgotten the times he’d spent talking to his mother’s headstone and feeding squirrels.
His home was small; two bedrooms, one and a half bathrooms, only a small yard on the backside, but he loved it nevertheless. He was fortunate enough to be able to afford a house of his own, despite his young age. His engineering job was well-paid and he enjoyed his work. Though he had been single back then, he’d decided the time had come to buy a home. Whatever partner might come could move in at some point if they wanted, or they could eventually look for another, more spacious house.
Cas stumbles forward, causing Dean to crash into the piano, involuntarily pressing a bunch of keys with his ass, the tinkling bringing a sharp and sudden end to the nocturnal silence.
“I know what we can do,” Claire says then. “But therefore we need to move this to the kitchen table.”
“Ta-da!” he says, balancing the tray on one hand before putting it on the table on front of Sam and his friends. “To Sammy, my baby brother,” he says, raising a shot glass.
Afterwards, she felt like it had barely made a difference, so she stepped back inside before having even left the bathroom. She soaped and rinsed multiple times until she felt somewhat better about her bodily hygiene.
He can hear faint voices from the living room. It sounds like a chant in a language unknown to Cas and he feels like every gothic horror novel he’s ever read has ultimately become real.
As it turns out, Ketch came to visit her shop but Missouri felt that something was off about him and told him she was about to close and made him leave. She didn’t say a word about Dean or where he lived, obviously, but now she feels bad for not giving Dean a warning. “I should have known,” she says. Dean says not to blame herself.
They ate their meals in silence at a diner across the street from a motel which looked cheap enough for their budget. When they afterwards told the clerk there they needed a room and he asked if they wanted one bed or two, Cas told him two.
Weeks pass with Dean posing as his househusband, cooking him dinner every night. Dean convinced him to pay for a ‘Netflix’ and he supposes that’s what he’s been doing all day when Cas wasn’t home.
“We’ll talk another time,” he promises and leaves his brother behind. Cas has started to skim the titles in the Natural History section. Dean doesn’t dare to ask if he can read.
“Cas,” Dean says, surprised by how embarrassingly weak he sounds, needy, but he manages to compose himself, and resumes, “would you like to… would you mind, uh, can I touch you?” and Cas responds with an enthusiastic nod and a whine and, carefully, Dean pushes a hand past the waistband of Dean’s shorts only to notice that Cas is going commando. But how can he be blamed? It’s not like anyone’s thought of getting the angel some underwear. At the realization that Cas has been bare underneath his shorts all along, a spark of arousal makes his dick twitch in excitement. His fingers wrap around Cas’s shaft, causing him to let out a lengthy breath and Dean moves his hand to lightly squeeze the tip so he can hear him emit a sound like this again. However, this only seems to make Cas impatient, so he shoves Dean’s boxers down to his thighs instead, Dean raising his hips just enough for him to succeed and then he does the same with Cas’s shorts. He can’t help but glance down at where their mid-sections are connected as he takes them both in hand, until Cas grabs his ass and pushes them close, capturing Dean’s lips with his again, tongue slipping through, although they eventually end up just sighing into each other’s mouths anyway as Dean’s eager hand works them towards climax.
“Oh, thank you,” she says, “I’ve always loved it. But it really is too big for only one person to live in. I want to sell but, this guy,” she’s gesturing towards Dean, “he won’t have it. I get it, though. Many precious memories are attached to this place. My boys grew up here.”
“Cas, aren’t you cold? The bathwater is supposed to cover your upper body, too,” he said and quickly retrieved a washcloth from the cabinet behind the door. Then he walked over to the tub and kneeled on the mat in front of it. “Is it okay if I—?” he asked, about to dip the washcloth under water.
The short hair on Dean’s neck stood up and something in his pants stirred awake. Fuck, he was developing a priest kink.
“I know your father hasn’t always been easy on you,” she says then, as if she’s guessed the main factor for his worries.
“The only thing it’s suffering from is that I’m not allowed to do it,” Cas replied sharply. He sighed. “I’m sorry for my disrespect,” he said.
He hooks a hand under one of Dean’s thighs and holds him tight by the small of his back with the other, focusing all his strength into his own thighs and flips Dean onto his back.
Faint gasps escaped Dean, hotly hitting Cas’s mouth, as he began to rub at the condition he had just discovered. The quality of their kissing suffered, though, so Cas retreated his hand, intending to focus more on what their mouths were doing. Dean’s whine at the sudden loss hurt him deep in his chest, wherefore he hurriedly put his hand back where it belonged. His aim to make Dean feel good had so far distracted him from his own hard-on but the ache between his legs grew and longed for Dean to return the aid of a warm palm against it. Then, as if Dean had read his mind, a hand sneaked into his lap and found its rest exactly where it was needed. Now it was Cas’s turn to let out a sound of relief, a full-grown moan actually. Dean replied with a groan of his own.
He hopes that, whatever the reason for Dean’s obvious lie is, he’ll get over it and they can be friends. At least, Cas had the impression they were about to become friends. He was even not too pessimistic about them eventually becoming more than friends—if Dean would be into that kinda thing, that is. But apparently he’s not. Or is he?
“Good,” Cas says, “I can’t wait for everyone to hear us. I can’t wait to perform in front of an audience again.”
Dean knew what Aaron was saying was absolutely true. Cas was out quite a lot since he’d joined his Bible club. And they had their own rooms, even though the wall in between was everything but soundproof. That’s what Dean told Aaron now.
“Thank you,” Dean says, taking his hand. There’s the smile again. Dean just found out about Cas being a mythical, magical creature, yet the most enchanting thing about him is that smile and Dean is losing himself once again in those beautiful, ocean-like eyes.
“Oh, I’m sure one of the crew members can help you with that. Just ask someone at the reception. I think they offer a few discounts for passengers,” Cesar says.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Cas,” she says, taking his hand. “Why don’t you sit… I’ll make us some tea.” She shuffles around, wheezing slightly as she always does, headed for the back room but Dean stops her with a hand on her shoulder.
“Stories, yes. And knowledge. Sam works here, too, that’s why I wanted to take you here in the first place.”
Without another word, Cas gets back into the truck, sitting there for a while with his hands on the steering wheel before he eventually starts the engine. He tries to make sense of what just happened but completely blanks out on a reasonable explanation. Did Dean see him and Mick kissing at the festival, during the fireworks? But that was just briefly and Cas didn’t think anyone noticed because everyone’s eyes were focused on the sky. Did he see him in the parking lot then? But why would he’ve even been there. No-one else was around and it was dark… Or maybe Dean just assumed things. Who knows what Mick really said to him when he was getting their drinks. So, could this mean—is Dean jealous?
“I’m not… Cas, I’m still not gay or whatever. You’re a nice guy and I had fun spending time with you but… Can we just be friends?”
Also, he had much more energy to focus on studying instead of brooding over finding his other half. His soul was already complete; he didn’t need to fix it. He was entitled to being a person of his own. Still, there were times when he felt something was missing—not necessarily inside him but in his life in general.
Oh. Things were apparently going well for him. When they had talked at the wedding Dean had referred to her as his girlfriend. According to the date the engagement had been announced only a few days after Cas had seen him. Maybe Dean had already planned something back then and didn’t want to spoil anything before Cassie had actually accepted the proposal. Or maybe Dean had gotten into the mood after seeing his best friend getting married.
They had been silent, aside from Dean’s occasional comment about the engine’s sound. Then Gunnar said, “You know what…I think it won’t hurt if I let you behind the wheel for a moment.”
He jogs down to the water and collects a handful of things from the surf. “Better?” he asks after decorating the towers and walls with some clam shells.
He should be glad, should be grateful. They're free. They defeated God, the Almighty. How great is that? And still, it's not enough. How is it not enough?
“Yeah, are Cas and I sharing?” He’d already feared this but now that they’re getting confirmation it’s suddenly all too real.
Now that was new to him. Cas never mentioned that he’d like to have sex for the first time. The last time they talked about this Cas wasn’t ready.
A few questions later, they’re allowed to mingle with the other guests, though Cas appears to rather stick to Rowena and Dean is glad that he’s getting to have some time on his own here. Most people around seem to be either dancers or musicians but fortunately not everyone’s as uptight as Cas. He was sincerely worried that everybody here would be like him, not getting any of his jokes and thinking they’re something better just because they went to music school and know shit about Mozart or Beethoven.
Cas was about to leave when another thing came to Dean’s mind. “Uh, Mrs. Graham, could we maybe get the pictures Marina took of Ashley? Perhaps we can find some clues in them.”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s the cop in me talking, but you look like you could end a fight if you had to. Not start one, though, you don’t appear to be that kinda person. But if someone came at you, like, some drunk at a bar for instance, you’d know how to defend yourself.”
“She joined me for dinner last night when you didn’t show up, said she couldn’t leave me there all to myself,” Jody says, stirring her coffee.
“Impossible,” Dean murmurs to himself. He can’t have—there’s no way. He was right there just a few seconds ago. Unless…
They manage to pass some time without running into each other, mostly. Cas still sees Dean during meal times but, luckily, Dean’s sitting at the other end of the room, making it easier for Cas to pretend he isn’t there. Cesar was kind enough to switch seats with him so can’t make the mistake of looking over to Dean’s table by accident and eventually establish weird eye contact. Also, Cas always gets off the sundeck as soon as he sees Dean already splayed out at the pool and he supposes Dean is acting alike because they never seem to be there at the same time. Despite their unspoken timeshare, Dean’s skin has notably tanned, judging from what Cas is able to discern from afar.
She sticks her hands in the backpockets of her jeans. “Ghost chasers come around here every now and then, sometimes claiming they’ve found definitive proof and then show my dad photos of the ‘ghost’ they encountered.”
They stilled after rowing for some time and leaned back with their hands dangling in the water. Dean looked up into the cloudless sky and closed his eyes. Cas was sitting next to him, staring out into the lake. He felt the heat radiating from his friend’s body. He faintly smelled of sweat—not pungent, just a whiff, ensuring Dean of his presence.
“Whatever,” she sighs and leans forward to turn the radio on which instantly fills the car with loud and heavy rock music.
He gets off near Plaza Independencia and finds himself on a busy street. There’s a tall, beautiful building which he recalls seeing on several posters and brochures but unfortunately forgot what it’s called. He keeps walking, marveling all the nice old houses he passes, and eventually comes to a small park. There’s people sitting on benches, many of them with maté gourds and Cas had already noticed numerous Montevideans carrying thermos bottles under their arms. This reminds him of the things he’d intended to buy here. He notices a few stands on the far end of the square and is pleased to see they actually sell those here and takes a look. The guy is talking to him, apparently encouraging him to buy one, but Cas is not sure he understands everything he says correctly.
. Yet, he doesn’t move or make a sound when Cas begins to nose at his exposed neck, his jaw, and places a hot, wet kiss right under his ear and Dean hitches a breath. The warmth of Cas’s mouth spreads out into his body, all the way down into his stomach, the sensation almost a tickle. Without any hurry, Cas withdraws slightly, only to press another kiss right beneath the previous spot, making Dean squirm under the touch of his lips. The kiss ends but Cas doesn’t pull away too far, his breath against his neck causing a shiver to run through him. They stay like this for a minute or so, then Cas’s fingertips find Dean’s waist, the up and down of their movement barely even there, a feather-light touch. Dean moves his head only so much that he can peek at where Cas’s hands are wandering next. They’re sneaking under the hem of his shirt, stronger now, resolute, properly grabbing his bare waist and moving upwards, thumbs being dragged over his ribs. He repeats this a few times—up and down. Up and down. Up and down. Dean tries not to make too harsh of a sound when he struggles for air. Then Cas’s mouth is back at it on his neck and Dean is irritated by how aroused he is. He hopes Cas won’t notice.
He takes a second to think. He doesn’t want to out Dean to anyone but it’s not like Amelia or Claire would tell anyone who knows Dean.
Dean quickly filled a fresh cup with tap water and handed it to him. “Drink,” he told him and gently pushed the hair that stuck to his sweaty forehead out of his face. When Cas had lead the cup to his lips and started to swallow, Dean turned back to the sink and got himself a cup of water as well.
“My mom used to tell me angels were watching over me, you know. She’s right over there,” Dean said and pointed in the direction of his mother’s grave.
Cas, that little bastard, touches himself while his other hand grabs Dean’s ass. Dean slaps his hand away from his cock and instead brings it together with his own erection which makes Cas choke out a small laugh. They’re kissing sloppily, grinding against each other and Cas can’t keep his hands off Dean’s ass.
His mom gasped, Meg had a smile forming on her lips, his father’s face was unreadable and Michael’s eyes darkened.
. But we’re not here to look for something for me,” she says, her tone indicating something like ‘don’t ask stupid questions.’
Finally, Dean sees his house coming closer. His car is still parked there and everything is where he left it. He briefly inspects his wooden sculptures as he walks past them in his front yard. He forgot to ask Missouri if he could display one or two of these in her shop as well.
Dean opens his mouth for a reply but Cas cuts him off. “They’re not. We’re disciplined, yes, but we’re also passionate about what we do and would you be passionate about something that’s not fun to you?”
“Hey, uh, Sammy,” he said and could almost hear Sam rolling his eyes. “Would you mind if I brought someone, too?”
“I’m saying it because I mean it,” Cas says. “I know it wasn’t easy for you to take this step but I’m sure it’ll help you with your future.”
The merman watches him until he’s safely back on the shore. They exchange one last, longing look, and then Cas dives under, the fin at the end of his tail briefly breaching the water, an obvious gesture for Dean to send him off into a good dream.
Apparently the girls had lost their interest in Cas telling them what character he’d like to have sex with. He didn’t want to have sex with any of them. They were fictional. And most of them had unhealthy skin tones. Coming to that conclusion he guessed he’d also pick Star-Lord. He didn’t say it out loud, though.
Cas turned his head towards where Dean was standing as if he had only just now realized that Dean had entered the room. “Uh, yeah. Sorry, I didn’t hear you come in,” he said and returned to observing the blue tiles.
Cas’s eyes widen, then he looks at Dean. On the page there’s a black-and-white drawing of merfolk, underwater, fish and seaweed here and there, the mermaids bra-less, clams only in their long, wavy hair. The merman in the center of the picture is wearing a crown made of coral, a mighty trident in his hand.
Cas looks over his shoulder towards where Dean is gesturing and says, “I’m making scrambled eggs. Already did the scrambling.”
“Why don’t we get in the car and hit the road now,” Athena says. “As you know, our tour starts with a trip to a winery. First we’ll check in at the inn where we’re going to spend the night and get dressed up a little for the wine tasting.”
What was he supposed to do now with these? The satin felt so good between his fingers and he was itching to experience this feeling somewhere else. He paused his thoughts for a second and listened to hear what Cas was up to.
“Listen, Cas, I don’t wanna dictate how to label yourself, but have ever been attracted to any men other than Dean?”
“I’m telling you, next year’s gonna be great!” she predicted, seeming to be almost more excited about the new developments than Cas was.
Cas sighed. “Dean,” he started. He intently stared at his lap for a minute before resuming, “I don’t want to be mad at you all the time but you keep getting us into dangerous situations. I am human and I want to live as long as possible to spend my remaining time on earth with you.” He turned his head to face him. “I’ve already lost you too many times and you’ve lost me. We will lose each other again eventually but I want to put the inevitable off as long as long as possible.”
After a brief moment of hesitance, Cas says, “I was born in Krakow, Poland. My mother taught classical piano at the Academy of Music there. That’s where she met my father, world-famous pianist Charles Shurley, who was asked to teach there for a semester shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall. He extended his stay to a year after starting a relationship with my mother and by the end of the fall semester, she was pregnant. He left anyway, only returned for occasional visits to see how his son was developing, if he was good enough at the piano already to sign him up for international competition. He died last year, left me this apartment and I took the opportunity and moved here.”
Tessa slapped a hand over her mouth. “Ooh, I’m sorry, Cas. You know, the way you’re talking about him and the fact that you’re living together, I just assumed… Gosh, this is so embarrassing.”
Cas smiled and breathed out in relief. They kissed, only for a minute because Dean was already running late, but certainly not lacking the passion in anticipation of the sex they were going to have soon, and then Dean had to leave.
A smile sneaks onto Claire’s face. “Then what are you waiting for? I wanna see the ghost,” she says excitedly and starts to walk up to the front door.
Cas settles on the lounger close to Dean’s and Sam is busy applying sunscreen, tossing it to Dean when he’s done and opening the book he brought. Dean’s almost done rubbing sunscreen on his skin when Cas, wordlessly, takes the bottle from him and begins to do his back for him. He wants to protest, because he could’ve done it himself and he didn’t ask Cas to do this, but Dean is so taken aback by the intimacy of the gesture that he just lets it happen. At least he doesn’t have to look him in the eye for this.
However, his reunion with Dean had certainly awoken something that he’d thought had been gone for good. Cas knew such a thing would happen sooner or later. At the seminary fellow priests and clergyman had shared their experiences with unwanted attraction or even feelings that were inappropriate and how they had gotten over it without betraying the role God had entrusted them with. Cas had also heard stories of those who had given into their desire and, if he could trust his sources, this hardly ever resulted in a pleasant outcome. He didn’t want to end like this.
“We should leave before it starts to snow again. Wanna help get the car snow-free?” he asks and Cas, in response, puts on his coat.
“Are you okay with this?” he asks under his breath when his shaking fingers find the buttons on Cas’s shirt.
Mrs. Graham looked at them in confusion. “No, nothing like that,” she said. “Do you think someone did this to them? Is that why the FBI is here?”
“I’ll have to take a closer look before I can give you an estimate, but I can tell you it’ll cost you more than a paint job and new tires.”
All those musings around the subject of masturbation had led him to getting half-hard. Why did this have to happen now? This was really not the right time.
Dean was making out with the guy with the really nice ass in a corner of the room for anyone to see. He guessed he was out now. There was no reason to stay in the closet any longer—all the hot dudes should be informed that Dean Winchester was available for dick.
Dean runs his hand up Cas’s arm, barely even touching, until it reaches the base of his neck, rubbing his thumb gently over his collarbone and Cas feels prompted to deepen the kiss. He angles his head more, parts his lips and—
“Oh, it’s still a bit of a secret until it’s officially announced. But I can tell you that it’s a leading position, I’ll be in charge of many people, huge responsibility, assumingly lots of paperwork. I’m excited.”
Dean clenches his teeth and rips it open. Everyone in the room appears to hold their breath as he unfolds the letter and reads.
He thinks he should turn in soon as well considering he still has to pack in the morning. It’s good that he’ll, hopefully, have someone with him during the next few days he already knows and is getting along with. They could team up if there’ll be annoying people, too. Cas yawns which makes him realize he shouldn’t stick around any longer so he gets up and leaves the hall.
He went down on one knee to push away the leaves and small branches that nature had gathered at its base. Maybe there was some kind of signature, hinting at who had created the statue.
“Take good care of him,” she tells Dean and spurs her horse to join Jody who is some distance ahead of them.
Dean’s pep-talk seemed to work and Cas’s mission was to finally talk to her next time they had the lecture.
“Don’t panic, okay,” Dean says and sits on the edge of the bed. He isn’t quite sure who he needed to reassure with that. “One of those British guys, the taller one. He says they’re here to get you. Somehow they found out who you are.” Cas is pulling back but Dean grabs his hands, gives them an affirmative squeeze. “I won’t let them get to you.”
Five minutes later Dean’s phone pinged with Charlie’s reply that mostly consisted of emojis and question marks.
At high risk of whiplash, Dean spun around at the voice and inhaled quickly. Cas was standing there, in his usual suit but lacking the coat.
“Even in my books, none of your little relationships truly worked out,” Chuck walked over to Sam, “You had Jess, yes, tragic. Then Ruby and some other ones,” he gestured vaguely into the air, “and now Eileen, which I have to say is pretty convincing.” He spun around and walked in front of Cas, “But none of them could ever come close to the love story I
Dean finds it hilarious, laughing deeply and running his hands through it in lazy tugs. Cas thinks while he does this- even though Dean's flesh has aged, his eyes are just as striking.
He was slipping, but he watched Dean’s face with soft joy, “Do you under-s-stand Dean.” he muttered, a filthy blood-smile slipping between his lips, “He didn’t write-”
OSM: Once the brothers were enthralled and the Siren's true nature was revealed, did you approach Nick's mannerisms or speech pattern any differently?
you. I can’t lose you again,” the last words were nearly impossible to get through his tightening throat.
They are alike, Dean and Sophie. Especially as she grows. Dean plays her records and shows her old movies. They spend hours together every day, but Cas doesn’t mind. He is happy to have Dean in the quiet of the night when the bunker is dark and the scent of apple conditioner wafts from their shower. They hold each other under the covers and Cas is so happy.
Cas just looked up at him, blue eyes shining with the closest thing to satisfaction Dean had ever seen in them, “At least I can promise,” they fluttered shut and Cas drew a final breath, “this is the last time.”
” Chuck wiped his face as if he had made a terribly funny joke, “Truly the love story of our century.” The smile morphed into a terrible grimace, “too bad you never even got to resolve it. Really a shame. Poor literary practice.”
“Well, what is it?” he asked, fully ready to be crushed by the weight of whatever had to be sacrificed.
The introduction of Charlie was the first openly LGBT long term character on the show. She and Dean hit it off pretty quickly, and throughout the show, they only become closer. The first case they do together, Charlie claims she can’t fake flirting with the security guard because she's into girls. So what does Dean do because Charlie cannot flirt with a gender she isn’t attracted to? He says, “alright, I’m gonna walk you through this.” Not only does Dean proceed to guide her through specific actions, but the scene is shot in a split-screen fashion that makes it look like Dean is actually the one flirting with him. Then, Sam starts laughing and Dean makes him swear to never talk about it again. All I ask is, was there a reason? Continuing on about Charlie, in season 8 episode 23, Dean also helps her pick out clothes at the mall while Walking on
“Dad?” His voice was strained, and when Jack sprinted to Cas in a failed attempt to restore his grace and bring him back from death, Sam felt himself crumble too.
Jack was the one who lit the match and tossed it on the pyre. Part of Dean wished he had been the one to do it, but he didn’t have the right to compare to Jack. Jack had never betrayed Cas or lied to him.
The funeral was the next morning. Naturally, Dean didn’t sleep. Instead, he stared at Cas’s bloody trenchcoat on his dresser and tried not to go for a
Memories of his life passed by Dean behind his throbbing eyelids like a movie. All the concealed touches and glances, everything he had hidden from so long. He hated
He went out into the woods to cut down enough wood for the pyre before the light even cut through the trees and the dew was still settling on the grass. It was peaceful, being out there. It reminded him of his childhood when he would sneak out of their motel rooms just to watch the sunrise, rare moments dedicated just to him. He smiled mildly at the thought because Cas would’ve liked to have known that about him.
Either as a defense tactic or a forced idolization, Dean tried very hard to be exactly like John. He adopts his music taste, ladies man persona (discussed later), car, mannerisms, thought process, goals, and personality. Dean is the stereotype of a “manly man” in season one. He thinks crying is lame, constantly hides his emotions, and makes fun of Sam when he expresses those things. Slowly as the show progresses small pieces of what Dean authentically might have been shine through. When he listens to Taylor Swift, admits to liking chick flicks, and cries for the first time, we as an audience see that Dean was trying to conform to his Father’s mold and be the rugged hunter he was always supposed to be.
With one swallow and a few deep breaths to make it look like he hadn’t just lost everything he had eaten all week and cried out all of the water in his body, Dean returned to the bunker. As he started to walk down the stairs, he tried to avoid looking at the Cas-sized-blanket-lump on the dining table.
Against everything Dean tried, his knife drew a fine line up Cas’s arm through his well-worn trenchcoat. Blood pooled around the edges, but Cas didn’t flinch.
Alright, when it comes to “there’s no possible other way to view this scene” moments, season 8 episode 13’s “Everybody hates Hitler” takes the metaphorical cake. Yes, cake. Not pie, more on that later. Dean enters a bar to interview two girls who claim to have seen a “Nazi Necromancer”. While sitting in the booth, he seems to get distracted by the man in the back of the bar who is staring at him. He proceeds to stand up, walk to said man, sit down, and introduce himself as agent Marc Bolan. Marc Bolan was an openly bisexual singer, FYI. The man, who’s name we later learn is Aaron, when Dean asks why he has been tailing him, says, “oh, so we didn’t have a thing back there?” Dean’s composure falters and he stutters out “Back where, w-what now?”, Aaron again repeats that he thought they had a “thing” back at the quad, “a little eye-magic moment.” After hearing this, the camera zooms in on Dean closing his FBI badge on the table. The FBI badge represents a fake identity, his fake self. When he closes this badge, we see Dean opening up and being vulnerable. Aaron then essentially asks him on a date, to which Dean looks at the ground, “yeah, uh, ok but — no. uh, no moment. This is a federal investigation.” Aaron really drops the ball here and freaks Dean out when he says “is that supposed to be more interesting?” Dean stares blankly, swallows looks around, and starts to stand up before Aaron apologizes, “I’m sorry if I freaked you out-.” Dean’s response is- odd, For someone who should be totally disinterested, “No. No. I-I’m n-not freaked out. Just, you know. Federal- thing.” The best part of this scene is the end of it, when he starts to back up, says “ok, uh, citizen, as you were,” and Aaron replies, “have a good night.” Then Dean proceeds to point at him, say “No- you, you have a-” and promptly crash into the cart of plates and finish with “goodnight.” There are several key points to evaluate in this scene, and I present a few questions. Why is he so flustered? Why the stuttering and looking all over the place? Put Sam in this position, for example. He would simply laugh, say “I’m not into dudes”, and walk away or continue on a normal conversation. So why does Dean act like an innocent teenager who just got asked out by their crush? He says he’s not freaked out in a very defensive tone and proceeds to literally stumble his way out of the bar in a classic trope of banging into something behind him. What really solidifies how Dean felt towards Aaron is the scene a few minutes later when he is revealed to be the keeper of the monster that they are after. Dean says, “What you’re saying is that you and me- we uh, didn’t have a moment?” to which Aaron replies, “No, man. I was just tailing you.” “Told you I was being followed,” Dean smiles to Sam, “he was my gay thing. That was really good, you really had me there. That’s very smooth.” Dean gives a pained smile that is obviously forced and looks at the ground. Two things to say here, Dean is obviously distraught that Aaron lied to him, but why? It’s because he thought he was being hit on by a guy, freaked out, got too excited, crashed into a dish cart, and then was bummed because it was all a plot to lure them in. The only plausible explanation is that Dean was interested in Aaron romantically, perhaps one of the first times he’s been outright asked and reciprocated, and was promptly told he was played. If someone asked me out as a joke even though I liked them, I would have the exact reaction that Dean had when they told me it was fake. Period.
When the, what he really thought was the end, came he’d gotten a chance to say goodbye, say his peace and walk with his head held high. At least that had been his plan. In the end he’d gotten cold feet and said the wrong words and then before he’d had the chance to say the right things, he’d gotten interrupted and the moment was over before it even really begun.
little to the imagination. The costume was a small onesie, covering his ass, groin area and half of his thighs. The front was a v-neck that ended under his bellybutton, showing a small trail of dark hair leading under the PVC and to the bulge between his legs. Dean felt faint and hot all together.
He missed the bunker. There wasn’t much he could do in terms of helping out with the case yet and the motel life was a tiring life when you had basically nothing to do. At least he’d slept a bit better and the bed in this motel was definitely a step up from the previous. But it didn’t beat the one he had at home, not by a long shot.
Cas had left. He had responsibilities and crap. For a few moments though he’d looked like a lost puppy, kind of like in the early days when he started to question everything he knew. But Cas had left before Dean could get his wits about him and — what? What was he going to do? He had no idea what he was supposed to do now that he had this
“They were trained to be the generals to lead demonic armies in the war against Heaven.” Cas’s worry didn’t go away but it grew with each passing second.
The thought was running around in circles, overthrowing everything else. A quiet voice snorted at the back of his head at Cas finally using air quotes the correct way. He felt like he was under one of those heating lamps. Both Sam and Cas were staring at him. Shit, he made a sound like a scared animal, like a small high pitched whine. Quick! Say something, anything really!
“Jody thinks you two look ‘simply adorable’.” Sam was snickering at his phone while Dean tried to wrap his head around the fact that his idiot of a brother had taken a photo of him and Cas sleeping together and sent it to other people!
“And this correlates to this case how?” Damn, could the man be any more confused and adorable looking?
Dean shut the engine and Sam said something about taking the groceries to the kitchen and disappeared with his bags. This was not good, this was not good. His eyes couldn’t focus on any particular place and he couldn’t get his feet to move out of the comforts of Baby’s frame.
“Sexy.” Dean answered without even thinking about it and his head sprang up from the table so fast he nearly pulled a muscle.
“Well this day just keeps on getting better.” Dean rose to his feet. Outside he was annoyed but inside he couldn’t help but to feel a hint of something positive. The faintest hint of reassurance. Crowley was the demon they loved to hate and hated to love and he had come to warn them, hopefully help them as well. With Crowley you never knew what you got but just this time Dean tried to ignore the voice that was whispering in his ear that everything was going to be fucked up and he was going to end up alone just as he deserved to be.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sam looked up from the book he was leafing through with a faint smile ghosting his lips. Dean hadn’t meant to blurt it out but it had been two weeks. Two weeks! For
They ate in near silence. Enjoying their food, well he and Sam did, Cas was simply going through the motions since he didn’t actually need food.
The black tail moved with each step Cas took and Dean could feel his mouth watering with excess saliva at the vision of Cas’s ass in the black fabric.
Four hours later Dean could feel himself almost shaking with dread. They were almost at the Bunker. Sammy had gone to get the groceries and Dean had decided to remain with Baby. He didn’t want Sam to start pestering him at the store. It would be humiliating and it would end up with people looking at them and parents’ covering their children ears and eyes in disbelief and quiet disapproval staring at them. They’d been there before. It had not been pretty.
“Shit, Cas! No I didn’t want a taste myself!” Out of the corner of his eye he could see Sam coming closer.
So it seems now I have to put my thinking cap on and round up this story in a neat package with a nice purple pow on top.
Ramiel Hit the ground with the lance and a strong wind pushed them to the ground, dousing out the ring of fire. Sam got up on his feet first, making their first move but Ramiel pushed him back with a couple of hits with the lance. Dean advanced Ramiel and in swift move, Ramiel turned and swiped the lance at Dean. In the nick of time he managed to dodge it but the second hit landed on his leg, pushing him a few steps back.
“Don’t do that!” A shrill voice shouted at him from the blackness but Simon had eyes only for the cat staring back at him, sitting two feet away from him, tail swishing furiously behind it.
“What are you doing here? How’d you find us?” He didn’t know what was wrong with Cas and he couldn’t say that out loud.
In the last few months he’d started shyly to think about a future where he might grow old; a future where he might get to keep his family whole. He’d learned early on that people closest to him had a tendency to vanish or die. He always thought of himself as a visitor in other people’s lives; a transient with no real, lasting connections to anyone other than Sam, his dad and Bobby; two out of three dead, oh the joy. And his relationship with Sam was rarely steady. There were times they hadn’t been speaking to one another or they couldn’t stand being in the near vicinity of the other but somehow they’d made it through either way.
him with his torso while doing it. Dean’s heart was hammering inside his chest and he felt paralyzed to the spot. Cas started to nuzzle his face on Dean’s back and Dean scrambled to the other end of the bed.
That wasn’t actually the real reason Dean wanted to get Cas to join them, but he wasn’t going to tell the Samsquatch that. The real reason was that he missed Cas. Ever since Cas had left them over two weeks ago to run around with his feathered flock, Dean had felt anxiety set in his bones. It wasn’t a new feeling for Dean but as he got older he was finding it harder and harder to ignore.
“You’ve got a —,“ Dean motioned to the side of Cas face but all he received was a blank stare and a head tilt from the angel. Of course the waitress had removed every paper towel from the freaking table. Groaning inwardly he reached out his hand towards Cas’ face. “Here, let me.” He wiped the drop of sauce from the side of Cas’ face, trying not to linger too long and press his palm to Cas’ cheek. Chuckdamn he was tired!
“What?” Sam would have looked like a confused Moose if it hadn’t been for the amusement shining in his eyes. Before either of them could say another word, Sam’s phone rang.
“I’m staying at the same motel we were in before.” Cas was peering at him and Dean almost resisted the urge to press his lips against Cas’s hairline. They drove on in silence and all too soon they reached the motel. Dean released his arm from around Cas and turned off the engine. He felt awkward again.
Dean had needs. If he was being honest with himself and he liked to avoid those gutwrenchingly honest thoughts, deep down inside he needed for someone to touch him; someone to love him, even if it was for his looks or his abilities in the sack. He needed it like he needed air to breathe. For years he thought that the random hook-ups would be enough and that he was content with his way of life for the rest of his life. That he didn’t deep, deep, deep, way deep down wish for the ‘
Dean’s right hand flew without a conscious thought to his crotch to relieve the sudden tightness inside his jeans. He could feel the tip of Cas’ tongue wiping, swirling around at the pad of his thumb and doing a
“Sure, yeah, okay.” The line went quiet and Dean could feel his headache pounding just a tiny bit harder. He wasn’t that sure he wanted God blessing him. He had a tendency to fuck things up. Scrolling through the contacts on his phone Dean stopped on Mary’s name. When they’d gotten a phone for her, he’d stared at the number for hours, trying to think of what to name the number. Mom? Mary? Mother? He’d settled on Mary Winchester in the end because everything else looked weird.
“Cas, how bad is it?” He sounded too wrecked as he watched Cas loosen the tie around his throat and revealed a bit of the skin on his neck and shoulder. Rather than being golden brown and smooth, it was marred with black lines and scars. Dean could taste a bit of bile at the back of his throat at the sight of Cas hurt so bad. He didn’t know how to fix this. He needed to fix this.
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin when a hand landed heavily on his left shoulder. “Dean, are you alright?” He was getting reckless and sloppy. A hunter couldn’t afford to ever let down his guard, even if it was in the middle of the day in a fairly busy street.
“After we’ve eaten I think it would be a good idea to check in to a motel and get a few z’s in before Cas and I head out to investigate.” Sam’s voice sounded muddled, like Dean’s ears were filled with cotton balls. He couldn’t turn his eyes away from Cas’ for some reason. It was like Cas had put some kind of angel whammy on him and he was helpless to do anything else than stare. “You okay to hold down the fort and do some research for once?”
Finally he’d finally gotten his mouth on the breasts everyone in the locker room had talked about with admiration. She had the biggest tits in the school and he’d had his mouth on them! He couldn’t wait to tell Tom and the gang about it!
“No.” Dean answered with Sam and Mary and at the same time Cas spoke out a “Yes. Ramiel, Prince of Hell.”
“Dean.” Cas sounded wrecked, making Dean feel proud of himself. He trailed his hands towards Cas’s ass, pulling his hips flush against his. Cas was hard and felt incredible against Dean. Dean guided them to the bed while Cas cling to him. They fell on their side and Dean pulled Cas on top of him. The weight of him felt amazing. He loved when women were on top of him but having Cas’s firmer and heavier body on him was something entirely better. It took his breath away to see Cas looking down at him with lust filled eyes. They were going to do this. Holy shit, they were actually doing this.
From the corner of his eye he saw a flash of black and something warm splashed him in the face. He could hear hissing and yowling and the pressure was released from his trachea and shoulder. Now that there was nothing keeping him upright Dean slumped to the floor. His shoulder was aching and pain pulsed in the wounds with each beat of his heart. Shaking his head to clear the muddle of pain and oxygen deprivation and the shock which was trying to set in Dean tried to concentrate on the scene in front of him. CasCat was biting and scratching Bastet with all he got and evading her swinging hands. With the last ounces of energy he pushed himself back to his feet just in time to see Sam plunging the bone deep inside Bastet’s chest. The scream that came out of her mouth was toe curling and Dean couldn’t resist throwing his hands to his ears to block out the sound. The flash of pain from his shoulder made his eyes go white before blacking out.
“No I’m sorry. I have a situation I need to deal with in Vernon but I do know someone close by who can help you out. I’ll forward your information to her and she can get back to you.”
“Boyfriend?” Dean started pacing the bathroom, trying to rid himself of nervous energy. “I’m Cas’s boyfriend? What kind of a case is this?” Dean should’ve asked more, should’ve demanded he’d be let in on the loop before hightailing it out of the bunker.
“I’m fine.” Dean tried hard not to feel hurt because Cas was leaving but it was hard, extremely hard. “You should go.” He didn’t want to admit to himself that he hated when Cas left and he hated that he wanted to leave. Dean suppressed the voice telling him to quit being such a goddamn selfish bastard. He wished Cas would want to stay, stay with him. He wished Cas would need him as much as he needed Cas. If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
and it was scaring the shit out of Dean. That meant he was biding his time and waiting to catch him off guard and bombard Dean with some big revelation that would smack him straight in the face and make him lash out at his brother. He would say something stupid and a little bit of crazy would seep out with a touch of honesty and Dean would be stomp off in a huff and later on realize his little brother was way too smart and way too adult for him to be a little brother. Cas was acting weird as well. He was calling Sam with updates of his whereabouts and what he was doing. It was annoying the hell out of Dean. He usually called Dean because Dean had made him promise and he hadn’t taken no for an answer.
moment but inside his chest his heart had been hammering and roaring with outrage. And it nearly stopped when Cas had leaned over and smelled the waitress. Luckily he didn’t want to
Dean’s hands wandered to Cas’s back, touching each muscle and vertebra he could find and reach. Cas was so smooth and warm under his coarse palms. Cas had his hands in Dean’s hair, pulling it tightly and keeping his face in place.
“Yes.” There was tension in the air that Dean wasn’t used to have with Cas. Sam was peering down the bag trying to find something but Dean was pretty sure the bag was already empty. “My help is needed in heaven. I wanted to make sure you were fine before heading there.” Dean could feel disappointment setting in. He turned his eyes away from Cas and stared at the blanket in front of him.
“Wait, what?” Every thought process halted. It was almost like the time Cas had kissed Meg. Dean felt the need to do something but what that was, he didn’t know.
“Yes.” Cas replied and tried to get up. Dean stopped him with a hand on Cas’s chest and told him he’d get it. Feeling bold, he leaned in with his hand still on Cas’s firm chest and kissed him. It was a simple peck but it made Dean’s blood rush in his ears.
Dean was startled awake by the strange sensation of someone running fingers through his hair, combing it. For a few seconds he was disoriented until he remembered what had happened before. Cas was sitting on the bed, legs crossed and staring at him with a his eyes strangely wide. He almost looked spooked.  Relief washed over Dean and he felt like a ton of weight had been lifted off of him.
“Hi Cas!” Dean groaned, “No, not at all. What’s up?” Dean could feel his jaw aching because of how hard he was pressing his teeth together. Dean straightened himself up, waiting to see if there was a problem. Since Sam’s face didn’t morph into worry, Dean decided to stalk off. Fine! Baby needed a wash and polish anyway.  The door slammed closed harder than Dean intended but the echoing bang eased up a little of his frustration.
“You have any idea who we are?” Dean asked, anger boiling inside of him. He refused to accept that there was no cure.
”Where’s the Continental, Cas?” Sam queried while leaning heavily on Baby’s side. Dean suppressed the urge to shove him away and inspect for damage on the paint. Only two days ago he’d had to paint the whole car after hammering out the dents caused by a Tibetian Tulpa in the form of a Minotaur. Luckily it had crashed on the Impala shoulder first and not with the horns because that would’ve caused a crapload of repairs for her.
Sam excused himself to the toilet and left Dean and Cas at the table in an uncomfortable silence. Dean felt extremely weird all of a sudden. The word “sexy” kept bouncing around in his head. He still couldn’t believe he’d said that. On the other hand, it wasn’t too long ago that he’d described Cas as “devastatingly handsome”. The waitress came by to clear the plates and Dean turned towards Cas, trying to think of something, anything to say or ask. He found himself distracted by a spot on Cas’ face.
A knock came from the door. “You about done in there? Do I need to call the paramedics in? You know there are other people out here who have bladders that desperately need emptying!”
said with Cas’ deep voice caused Dean to go into near panic mode. “When was this? Are you alright? Why didn’t you call us? —“
Cas looked up at him with annoyance when he lifted his knees up and Cas toppled next to him. Dean almost felt sheepish but he had to protect his penis from the heat of Cas’ body and the godawfully good vibrations that were causing his dick to perk up. Thankfully Cas curled over his feet instead of trying to worm up to his lap again and continued with the purring and vibrating. Now that his penis was safe the purring felt quite nice.
“He’s such an adorable little Angel when someone tries to flirt with him.” Dean got a weird pang in his chest when Sam called Cas “Angel” he might recognize as jealousy if he let himself think about it more than a second longer.
“Hey, Babe. I made it after all.” Dean said but the words came out breathier than he expected. He cleared his throat before leaning away from Castiel. The movement caused Cas to open his eyes and he looked dazed and uncertain. “Who’s your friend?” He hoped he looked a lot more comfortable than what he felt like. His insides were doing the thing where they start dancing the can can can and his mind says he can’t can’t can’t. It’s a hell of a ride.
As Cas moaned in agony and tried to get himself in order Dean was released from his hold and he had to look away. From the corner of his eye he could see Mary looking at him without a word, mouth open and eyes deep with what Dean thought of as worry.
“You are my hero.” Dean mumbled out and took a sip of the hot black liquid trying not to scald the roof of his mouth with it.
They joined Callum at the sofa, Cas sitting so close he was almost in Dean’s lap. Callum kept staring at the two of them with a contemplative stare. Dean took Cas’s hand in his as if he had done it a million times, crowding in Castiel’s space like he belonged there. After all Cas had wanted Sam to act as his boyfriend. If he was fine with acting like he was in a relationship with his brother, he would be fine with him acting. Cas hadn’t sent him packing when he came in so it must be fine. Dean decided to let his guard down, do what he wanted to do with Cas. The place was filled with gay people, transgenders and this was a room that definitely wouldn’t judge him touching another man. Dean didn’t know why that mattered.
Dean tried not to get jealous but it was damn hard. He felt excluded and that unnerved him. Dean wasn’t used to the feeling, at least not with Cas. He felt an urge to stomp down his foot and demand attention like an insolent child.
With a last glance at the mirror he sucked his belly in, nodded at his reflection and exited the bathroom. The lady waiting outside yelled “finally” before shutting herself in. Dean’s mind was reeling. He was supposed to act like a boyfriend. That was doable; he’d been a boyfriend a bunch of times and had been an amazing one, at least that’s what he thought. But be a boyfriend to Castiel. That scared him shitless even though it was all pretend anyway. What if the pretending led to something that Dean wouldn’t want to give up once he had it? What if he managed to fuck things up royally in a perfectly normal Winchester way? He had a habit of doing that.
Cas started rutting against Dean, seeking friction and Dean was in heaven. He could come from just this and it would be perfect because it was Cas. Cas was touching him everywhere and pulling Dean closer with urgency. Dean could feel his orgasm closing but he wanted to feel Cas naked on him, he wanted to touch him. He pushed their clothing back as far as he could and took both their dicks on his hand.
“Hi Cas.” Dean could feel relief wash through him at the sight of Cas standing at the doorway. He hadn’t even noticed that Cas wasn’t wearing his trench when they’d left, it was perched on the back of the sofa. He looked almost naked without it, and good. Cas looked good naked. Whoa! He should
In the end Sam had pestered Dean to open the door and a stroppy Cas had emerged and thrown deathly glares at Dean before going towards Sam. He’d changed even more in the few hours he’d been locked in the bathroom. He was no longer just sporting cat ears on top of his head and a beautifully long black tail but he was also starting to grow more hair. It was like his sideburns were on crack and started migrating to his nose which was also shaping itself as more of a cat’s nose.
When he got to the kitchen, Sam was already there, eating something that looked like fisheggjello. Dean could feel his jaw tightening as he went to the cupboard to fetch a bowl, a spoon and a box of some healthy cereal that tasted like cardboard. He wanted to smash all of it to the ground when he found out that they were out of sugar, the only thing that could make the cardboard-cereal taste even remotely good. Instead he went to the fridge and managed to get the milk and a couple of beers in his hands before he stomped off towards his room.
“Dean, it’s Cas.” Dean was using all of his body strength to keep the bed in front of the bathroom door while Sam tried to move it. Sam took a deep breath and straightened himself up. “What’s going on Dean?” He was doing the grown-up thing, trying to be the more sensible one and Dean hated it. He was the big brother, he was the more sensible one! Sometimes things just needed a more immature way of handling things.
“Here are your burgers gentlemen. Enjoy!” The conversation stopped completely when the food arrived. Dean tried not to inhale his burger as fast as humanly possible without succeeding. He hadn’t even realized how hungry he was. He could feel Sam’s disapproving gaze burning the top of his head and Dean would’ve flipped him off if he wasn’t too busy stuffing his face with fries.
“Son of a bitch!” The scratches burned and his shirt was now ruined. CasCat sauntered off to the window and Sammy was laughing like he’d seen something extremely hilarious.
Dean woke up to the smell of coffee wafting to his nose. “Dean, wake up.” Cas was shaking him gently and a big take away cup was thrust to his hand before he had a chance to knock him over for waking him up. He was not exactly what you called a morning person.
“He’s turning to a cat! I don’t think he really knows what he’s agreeing to.” Donatello had called with the info on the sign. It seemed that there was a goddess on the loose, turning people in to cat’s. Through few other people Sam had gotten the knowledge needed to gank the bitch Bastet. There was nothing on what would happen to Cas after the bitch was dead but they were hoping he would just turn back to himself once she was dead.
“Hey! That’s not true,” Dean pointed his finger at Sam at the false accusation. “I like cats; it’s the cat’s that don’t like me. Plus, I’m allergic to them.”
“Like Azazel.” Well that was a name he didn’t want to hear. Azazel was the reason their family was firmly in the
“Sure thing babe, anything you need.” Dean told as Cas started pulling him by the cuff wrapped around his wrist. He wanted to hiss at Callum looking at them with amusement. Once Dean turned around the image of Castiel the Angel in skin tight PVC nearly caused him to stumble. The muscles on his back were causing shadows form even in the low lighting in the room. Dean was helpless to stop his eyes trailing across the shoulders to the waist and
“He’d smack you if he called you calling him a little guy.” Dean tried to go for an unaffected look but he was sure he was throwing daggers at Callum with his eyes.
“Hey, buddy,” Cas turned his eyes on Dean and his face relaxed “you okay?” Dean’s throat was starting to itch and he tried to refrain from clearing his throat.
“Dean, a word please.” Callum was staring at him with a calculative look that Dean didn’t like one bit. It made him want to go all primal and mark his territory and kill and maim anyone who even thought about taking what was his.
Dean found Baby in the parking lot and leaned on her for support. His palms on her hood grounded him. That night John had disappeared and left the Impala behind for Dean. Somehow that had made it all so much worse. It had been like John wanted nothing to remind him of them, his family. Dean had been left behind in an empty home, like a pet left behind when the family moved away, left with nothing but his bowls of water and food and a shelter he once thought of as home but realizing it was nothing without his family filling it with warmth. Dean felt the tears burning at the back of his eyes. He didn’t want to think about that time of his life.
“He?” The pronoun was still confusing him. It wasn’t even in any shape or form atypical for dudes to hit on Cas or him for that matter but still he couldn’t get past it. No dudes were allowed to hit on Cas!
Dean moved to stand next to Cas, keeping him close to his side and making sure that his eyes were telling the man dressed as a cheaep hooker that there would be no more touching allowed if he wanted to keep his hands and legs attached to his body.
“I’m sure.” Dean swatted the hand away from his face. At least he didn’t offer to take his temperature with his finger again. That had seriously caused non-platonic images run through his head about Cas and nakedness and his finger up a certain orifice. “I don’t bounce back as easily as I did in my twenties is all.”
‘Protect Sammy’ had been his big brother duty from the day he was born and that role had grown exponentially the day their mother died and dad had given Sam over to him with the words “Take your brother outside as fast as you can and don’t look back!” while the house burned around them. He’d shielded Sam with his body, clutching him close and vowing to try his hardest so Sammy wouldn’t have to feel as terrified as he had been at that moment.
“Dean!?” It was the second time in 24 hours that Sam had come in to the room sounding worried. This time he had his gun propped in front of him as he glanced around the room that looked thoroughly ransacked. The table was overturned, a chair was broken with pieces of tape and rope scattered around it, the bedcovers on the bed closest to the door were in a rumple like someone had fought on it and the other bed was propped against the bathroom door. “DEAN!?”
Dean could feel the joy and relief of the kill tinted with worry over what Ramiel had told them; there was no cure for Cas. Just as Dean managed to get himself under control, Cas shouted out in agony. Dean’s stomach was once again in turmoil and what he saw made him nearly pass out. Black goo was coming out of Cas’s mouth and the fear intensified inside Dean. Cas’s eyes turned upwards and all Dean could think of was ‘
“Cas, come on.” There was no way he was leaving Cas behind. Not like this. Never like this, not while he was hurt. Mary and Sam came to stand around him and Cas. He could hear his brother taking in a breath and swallowing and he knew Sammy wouldn’t leave him either.
Simon rounded up the corner to his street when he stumbled on a bag lying on the middle of the road.
“I’m not comfortable using Cas as a distraction.” Dean was feeling slightly woozy and not only because of the handful of antihistamines he’d drowned before driving the three of them to the place people told the Crazy Cat Lady lived. It was after midnight and the house they were watching was a two-story detached house at the end of the street.
“Ngnngg.” He didn’t know which of them made the sound, it didn’t matter really. Cas’s dick was slightly fatter than his and Dean wanted to see what it looked like but Cas was pressed so tightly on him, it was impossible. Dean was finding it hard to breathe and it wasn’t only from Castiel’s weight on him. He was so close.
“Not r—“ Before Cas could even end his sentence Sam was almost hollering over him to drown out anything he might have said.
more proper food! That’s it. Crisis averted. Sammy would say it wasn’t rabbit food and he would say that the amount of grease and fat in Dean’s diet was going to kill him sooner rather than later. Dean would say he was pretty sure the beasties would get him before he died of natural causes. Sam would say that was no reason to treat his body as a waste station.
“Hello Dean.” He hadn’t even heard the door open. He was really off his game, seriously off his game.
The wheels connected with the dirt and Baby finally pushed forward on the road. He could see the idyllic run down barn on the horizon, looking all too beaten down to be housing a wounded Angel. Nervous energy filled Dean making it hard to stay still and drive on. He wanted to dump the car and run to Cas just because that would be doing something and Dean felt he wasn’t doing anything; and he needed to do something.
“Dean, for the hundredth time: he’s fine with it.” Dean could hear the roll of Sammy’s eyes as they hid in the bushes and watched Cas sashaying down the street.
“You are my family. I love you. I love all of you.” Dean had to avert his eyes, his stomach was churning and his chest felt too tight, about to explode through his skin. This was too much, way too much for him. There was no way this was happening. “Just please, please don’t make my last moments be spend watching you die. Just run, save yourselves and I will hold them off as long as I can.”
with the situation. Well, at the beginning, but he didn’t want to think about that now or he might break a wall.
“You fucker!” What did he do to deserve such an ass of a brother? Dean jumped on Sam, trying to get his phone and see if he was telling the truth. Sam kept laughing his ass off while keeping the phone out of Dean’s reach. He was getting too old for wrestling with his brother but he had no choice! His brother was a fuckface and he deserved a good beating! And who was he to deny the pretentious ass of a good beating!
Apologies for the incredibly long wait. Life and declining mental health got in the way of writing and creating. I've been in the process of finding myself and it has taken unfortunately years to get myself back on track. I'm not fully there yet, I still have bad days, weeks and months but I'm slowly getting there. Luckily I found fiction writing again and have had a blast sitting in front of the computer and seeing where my characters take me.
Cas was hurt and Mary didn’t know what to do. They were supposed to go up against a demon who was squatting and wreaking havoc in the small town but things had gone fucked up in mere seconds. It wasn’t just one demon. Mary and Cas had gone in and a dozen of demons had appeared.
“Dean.” His ears seemed to be filled with cotton balls, Cas’s voice sounded so far away and muddled by something. Dean felt a smile tugging the corners of his mouth, he felt incredibly wiped and the stress of hiding this thing they had slowly slipped away as Dean started to believe he could get this with Cas.
She was advancing Dean with a look that could kill on her face. CasCat was trying to trip her but being a small cat has its disadvantages. Sam jumped at her, trying to plunge the cat bone deep into her chest cavity but she saw him and Sam was pushed to the side with force. A thrum of dread ran through Dean on seeing his brother flung across the room.
Dean still felt anger and resentment towards her and he was starting to think it might never go away. For some reason the thought made him sad. He could feel Mary looking at him, sometimes opening her mouth to say something then closing it with a sigh.
“I — I didn’t actually think you’d answer.” The voice at the other end of the line breathed out in surprise and the need to curse excessively filled him up. That’s what he got for acting rashly and trying to avoid conversations that confused him. “Dean, I’m sorry. I don’t know what more I can say.” Dean wanted to say so many things and nothing at all at the same time. An overwhelming sense of sadness and anger and disappointment was washing over him and he was finding it hard to breathe.
Cas was back to himself and Dean should feel good about it. He really should. On one hand he was extremely elated that things had gone back to normal but the normal for Dean didn’t feel enough.
The wheels screeched to a halt and every ounce of him was telling him to run, run to Cas and make sure he’s okay but a lifetime of hunting made him go to the trunk and get weapons. A Winchester didn’t walk into danger with his pants down. Okay, maybe they did, but they were a bunch of idiots when it came to saving people, especially when it came to saving their near and dear.
“I don’t know. It doesn’t feel natural. I’m starting to get tired of all this, travelling around the country, hunting monsters, saving the world. Maybe I should set up a network like Bobby did and only go out on hunts every once and a while.” Evidently the tiredness made him also oversharing. He’d only thought of that maybe like twice and always as a joke. He didn’t actually think about semi-retirement? Right?
“You idiots! You are all going to die.” Crowley with his impeccable suit appeared at the centre of the barn.
“Have it your way.” A long lance materialized from behind Ramiel’s back and Dean was happy for the fight begin. At last he could push all those dark feelings aside and just punch, fight and dodge and hopefully kill the bastard who had stabbed his Cas.
“Damnit, Cas! You’re not supposed to do stuff like that!” Dean felt off kilter, flung across the galaxies without a space suit and a security rope. Of course Cas didn’t know that the freaking angel-child! Of course he would have to explain it to him. But how do you say to your friend that his thumb sucking activities caused his dick to seriously malfunction? And how do you explain to said angel that you only sucked someone’s thumb like that in the privacy of a bedroom and/or with your sexual partner, never with your platonic friend? You couldn’t! That would just lead to more questions and he didn’t want to hear them or try to answer them.
They’d left the party and headed to Becky’s. She told her parents and little brother were off to see her grandparents and she had the house all to herself. And that! That was textbook scenario for underage sex! They got to her place and Becky started kissing him like it was the only thing keeping her alive. His dick had risen up faster than he could say “Let’s get it on,” and he had pulled the shirt over her head. She hadn’t had any bra on which of course Simon had noticed while walking up to her house because her nipples had perked up in the cool air.
A week later Dean was starting to remind a skittish horse with the way he was alert all the time. Still no Talk with Sam and it had been nine days the last time he’d seen Cas or heard from him personally. Cas was still calling Sam and apparently Cas and Mary were out together on a hunt. Dean had gone out for a solo hunt and rather than making him feel relaxed, it was almost making him worse. For nine days Sammy had been acting as though he wasn’t worried about him and for nine days he hadn’t said a word about it. It was making Dean into a nervous wreck. He was starting to think if he should just open his mouth and get the ball rolling because the waiting was killing him. Nah, not going to do that. Out of question. No chick flick moments and all that. Phew!
“Dude! What the fuck?!” Dean shoved Cas off him and tried to ignore the sudden fluttering in his stomach at Cas’ face so close to his. Sam was startled awake and nearly managed to roll off the bed. Cas had backed against the wall and held himself tight and he kept staring at either him or at Sam. It was almost as if he was waiting for either of them to attack him.
“The molecules of this sauce are extremely favourable.” Dean cleared his throat and, not for the first time in his life, he wished he had the will power to control his blood flow. All his blood was now either in his cheeks and the tips of his ears or pooling down to his dick. Suddenly Dean came to the realization his hand had been hovering in front of Cas’ face for too long without the support of Cas’ hand and let it drop to his lap. He was overly conscious of his left hands’ thumb now. It was like it pulsed and Dean tried not to stretch and flex his fingers because of the sensation. Would it be bad if he just stopped washing that thumb? Or excused himself to the toilet and sucked on it himself? Was it normal to be jealous of the pad of your thumb? Holy shit his thumb had been in Cas’ mouth!
What a load of crap! Suddenly he’d turned into some chick? Dean could feel himself grimacing outwardly at the thought. It was nothing new, the constant battering he received from inside himself. No one was as harsh of a critic about all things revolving around Dean Winchester than Dean Winchester himself.
Then Castiel turned around and Dean’s brain was yelling at him to look at anywhere else but his eyes were glued on the bulge. The sounds of the party were coming to his ears as muffled and the world stopped existing for Dean. He felt heat flaring in him like a supernova. Something that felt like desperation and
Dean tried not to swerve to the oncoming traffic when Cas’ palm settled on his knee. His eyes flew to Cas’ direction but he was staring out of the passenger side window with a small smile. It was just the two of them and it was only a hand on his knee but something constricted in his abdomen from the contact. Dean fought down the immediate reaction to swat away the hand and settled on drawing comfort from it.
“You should go.” Cas pleaded and the fear shining in his eyes made Dean want to bury his head against Cas’s chest, just to escape the look. “They’ll find us and kill us all.”
Out of impulse Dean slid his hand around Cas’s waist, holding him close against him. Dean felt a rush of heat surging downwards to his crotch. He could feel himself hardening at the feel of Cas’s back against his palm and his chest flush against his. Dean thanked heavens the leather pants were tight enough to keep his dick contained. He hoped Cas couldn’t feel the half mast he was sporting.
“I think so,” Sam leaned his freakishly tall body through the window to pick up his laptop from the passenger side seat. “So get this; ten people have gone missing strangely in Milton Vernon in the last two months. That’s a whole lot of people disappearing in such a short time. There are also strange markings that have been appearing all over town as well.” He was pushing his laptop towards Cas and he glanced the article with confusion written all over his face.
“Hi, I’m Dean, here to see Castiel.” Sammy hadn’t said anything about a fake name so he’d hoped Cas had used their real names.
“You know damn well, Sam!” Dean was leaning on the table on his fists and he was unable to stop his arms from trembling.
Dean wanted to scream “YES!” so hard but he couldn’t open his mouth to say it. Cas’s fingers continued to unbutton his shirt, eyes staring intently up at him. All he could hear was his heart beating wildly in his chest. He was already hard and the tight leather was making it nearly painful.
Dean tried to focus on the people around them but he was distracted by Cas sitting in his lap. Cas was talking with Callum who had luckily stopped the excessive flirting with Cas. Cas leaned back against Dean’s chest and ran his fingers over Dean’s arms absentmindedly. He seemed at ease where he was and Dean hummed in appreciation. This was something he wasn’t used to having, intimacy, touching without sex. It felt damn nice.
“No Cas, I’m not talking about his temperature.” It was like looking at a table tennis being played in front of him, his eyes darted left and right. Sammy was looking smug and Cas was getting frustrated. Dean felt more and more like a deer frozen in headlights, paralyzed to watch the oncoming car and unable to do anything but stare, with eyes wide open in horror.
“You two ready to go?” Luckily Cas got the hint or decided it wasn’t worth his time to pursue a more understandable answer.
This was it, the end of the best night of his life and Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about that. He threw up his hand in a wave of goodbye to the people at the doorway before getting in. He tried not to feel to sad about the night ending and not having Cas like that ever again. It was all a pretend and he didn’t want to stop the pretence.
stop with that line of thinking! He’d seen the Angel naked and that had traumatized him for life. Well, actually caused him to have serious dick malfunction and frequent dreams about said Angel without any clothing on him.
“Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit,” Dean was hiding in the bathroom like a scared, spooked animal he was. For some idiot reason Dean had gotten jealous that Cas was spending more time with his brother than he did with him and he had
Simon was kicking the empty can of beer in front of him feeling utterly bored and frustrated. Fucking Becky Jameson being a fucking prude frigid cunt! There was no way she couldn’t have known what “Netflix and chill” meant. Everyone knew that! Even the strange smelling kid with beer bottle glasses at school knew that for fuck’s sake!
Dean had finished with the outside and was now cleaning the interior. No Sam in sight. He must have ended the call with Cas a long time ago but still he didn’t come. When Sammy eventually came, he would say that the amount of rabbit food in their fridge was unacceptable and he
“Shit Sam! What happened?” Sam laid the unconscious Angel on Dean’s bed and Dean was sure his feet might give out any minute. Cas skin was ashen pale, his skin was coated with sweat and the tendons on his neck were standing out. They weren’t supposed to stand out like that. It was like he was desperately trying to hold in a scream of agony. The blood was pounding in Dean’s ears as his eyes searched for any clues on what might’ve happened to Cas
“So you traded the pimpmobile to a douchey pickup truck?” Dean wanted to shoot himself in the face when he saw a flash of hurt cross Cas’ features. All it took was a bucket load of worry to revert Dean back to his old defences. He’d been learning so hard
He tried to concentrate on the journal but words got mumbled up together and jumped at his eyes in the wrong order. Out of the corner of his eye he followed Cas around the room. Dean was fighting down every urge to trail after him because Cas acted so abnormally. He wanted reassurances that things would be okay but he didn’t know who would be able to give them for him. He didn’t even know what had gone wrong, who’d done it and what they could do to make things right. He didn’t like the feeling, not one bit. He wasn’t used to being inactive but he couldn’t imagine leaving Cas behind at the motel nor could he imagine bringing him along for the ride.
to be such a dick to those he cared about and he’d been making good process so far. All it took was one word to throw him off course. The late 80’s Ford F-series truck wasn’t really all that douchey but Dean was feeling too shaky cause he’s brain had provided him with a very inappropriate image of Cas naked at the back of the truck he drove.
Dean pushed the thoughts away, deciding to just bite the bullet and get it over with. He looked around the room, trying to find Cas in the crowd of unfamiliar faces.
He propped the pillows on his bed, kicked off his shoes and leaned on the wall while surfing through the channels. Grumblingly he settled on an episode of
to be on a case with Cas. Without asking for details he had grabbed his bag and told Sam he’d handle things with Cas and drove off before Sam could say a thing.
Dean felt awkward as they headed to his car. In a last effort to give Cas’s new friends a good image of him as a boyfriend, Dean rushed to the passenger side door and held it open for Cas. Cas surprised him by pressing a kiss on his cheek before sliding in.
Simon kicked the can against a tree in the park just behind his house. “He shoots! He scores!” He dropped to his right knee, pumping his fist in the air in mock celebration before throwing his shirt over his head and running aimlessly around the park. “Of course I’d have rather shot my load inside Becky.” Simon muttered to himself as he pushed the now misshapen shirt over his head and back down to cover his chest. “It seems it’s just you and me, eh buddy?” He continued while looking at his right hand before grasping the front of his jeans and adjusting his dick inside.
. He really didn’t like the show but it was this or some singing contest and a crap police show was way better than a crap singing show. After the first commercial break the bed dipped and he found himself with a lap full of Cas. His heart rate skyrocketed again and palms started to sweat. Last time he tried to push him away and ended up running around the room, stumbling into things while Cas flew after him with grace Dean couldn’t even fathom to have and tried to tackle him to the ground. After the third time he tried to rope and tape him in to the chair but that failed abysmally and finally he tried to hide in the bathroom but Cas managed to open the door each time.
“So what exactly happened here?” Sam asked while holding up a rope. “Indulging in your desires in BDSM?” The “oomph” that came out of Sam’s mouth was incredibly satisfying when the Bible hit him in the stomach.
Also, I had to read my notes for this story because I kind of forgot the ending I planned for this and what I had written down was this:
“I haven’t found anything useful on cat transformations either.” While Dean had been going through the pictures Sam had started cleaning up the room.
“How is he?” Dean had to close his eyes because of the pain aching in his arm. He could almost feel the infection setting in from the faint way he felt cold. He pulled the blanket over his bare upper body.
“You’re him,” Mary was advancing Crowley “King of Hell.” The way she said it spoke volumes on just how little Mary thought of Crowley. Now, Dean wasn’t on team Crowley but for some reason he didn’t like the way Mary acted around him.
After Crowley left they didn’t talk much. Each of them had a job to do and they worked in sync, as if they’d done this a billion of times. To be fair, he and Sam had done this a bunch of times but not with Mary.
Cas looked pleased with himself and shuffled on the bed and situated himself on his knees. He was doing it again, crowding in on Dean’s personal space and making him uncomfortable. Cas kept staring at him with his eyes shining even bluer than normal. He kept slowly blinking at Dean between steady intervals and Dean felt the need to mimic Cas. A low rumbling sound filled Dean’s ears that almost made him think of a cat. Cas was blinking at him with intent as if trying to get some secret across to Dean and Dean wasn’t getting it. Dean blinked at Cas slowly and as soon as he did that Cas surged ahead and rubbed his cheek against Dean’s.
“Cas, no.” He didn’t know who the fuck they had angered that could hurt Cas the way they had and why they were out for Winchester blood but there was no way he was going to leave Cas behind. It was not up for discussion.
“I don’t care. I don’t care who you are, I don’t care why you’re here. All I care was to be left alone. But then you come. You
“This is Dean Winchester calling on behalf of Bobby Singer. I read your email and I’m pretty sure we’re dealing with something else than animals and I think I can help you.” The line went quiet. Before Dean had a chance to say anything a quiet sob reached his ears. Stefano sounded relieved and almost started crying at the other end of the phone.
With that thought in mind Dean remembered what he’d told Cas while waiting for Sam just a few hours earlier. He didn’t mean to speak those thoughts out loud but tiredness was making him act like an idiot. Most of the times when Cas was somehow involved, Dean felt like an idiot. The Angel had a way of making him feel like the biggest baboon of the bunch. Sometimes he managed to pull his shit together and act like an actual human being but most times, not so much. Luckily most of those times were when they were alone with no one to see his blunderings and idiocy but Cas. And Cas had no frame of reference to be a judge on how much of an idiot he really was, so that at least was a relief.
It was almost like time stood still. No one dared to move a muscle. The air almost felt charged. Then, as soon as it had started, Cas relaxed and sat on his knees on the bed.
“Hey lady! You can’t leave your shit lying around like this!” Simon shouted to the blackness. A tabby cat was looking at him curiously from on top of a trash can. “My jeans’ ruined you ass! These cost a fortune!” He kicked the bag and treats scattered all around his feet. The tabby cat let out a purr and its tail poised straight up flickered before it jumped down and headed straight to Simon’s feet. Fucking cats!
The sound the barn wall being crashed in and Crowley screaming pulled Dean back from the dark thoughts swirling in his. Crowley was lay still, probably unconscious after being thrown through the wall and Ramiel stepped in through the hole taking his place inside the ring of fire like it was predestined. It should have made Dean feel good that they’d managed to trap Ramiel but instead he felt a coldness of fear running in his veins.
