Even with the music loud and enough interesting half built inventions in front of him to keep him amused for days he found himself drifting off again after just minutes. He found himself imagining undressing Steve, running his hands over his body and being lifted onto the bed... He shook his head and asked JARVIS to turn off the music.
She smiled, reached over and squeezed his hand. He gave a squeeze back, grateful for the small gesture.
“Jesus, Tony! You’re far too sick! I can’t do that to you.” Steve felt the horror running through his veins, there was no way he was going to put Tony into cardiac arrest, what if he never came back? He’d already almost lost him, and he’d only just got him back.
Steve held out his hand, and gave the surgeon a thankful shake. “Thank you.”
“Aye.”
“Are you ready?”
before, just upset. He didn't know what to say for the first time he could remember.
Steve looked down at him and they kissed, gently at first but before he knew what was going on Steve found himself pressing Tony against the wall of the shower as Tony's lips parted for his tongue, all heavy breathing and desperate feeling. Tony slid down to kneel in front him.
was blazoned across the newspaper, bold and accusing. Steve muttered to himself as he walked past, a cap pulled low over his face to try and keep free of the stares that usually followed him. He knew it wouldn’t be long until the press really started to ratchet the story up. Tony had missed missions before, most of them had, but the press would latch on to anything. When Tony failed to appear next time, it would become a frenzy. They didn’t know it had been a month since he’d disappeared, but it probably wouldn’t take them all that long to realise there hadn’t been any paparazzi shots across the gossip blogs or leaks of potential business talks for longer than normal. His expression darkened as he jammed his hands deeper into his pockets, shoulders hunched up. Was this how Howard had felt when he’d gone missing? Did he have to deal with reminders every step of the way to their favourite lunch place? Had he ever been able to eat fondue again? The Howard Tony had known growing up certainly sounded like a different man from the person he’d considered a friend. Had his disappearance played some part in that?
Fifteen minutes later the others were all gone, and Steve and Tony finally made it out of the tower after locating their cold weather clothes. Steve had opted for a scarf wrapped around his neck under his leather jacket and a thin pair of gloves. Tony was wearing a red padded jacket, thick scarf, black gloves and a Russian style faux-fur hat. As they walked down the street hand in hand, the crisp snow lit by the street lights and their breaths misting everything felt perfect.
Steve tucked him in and paused at the door to look back at the now asleep man as he walked out of the room. He didn't sleep that night.
“Jesus Tony, what happened?”
“It’s ok Tony,” he said quietly, “You’re home. You’re safe. We’re here.”
“Don't tell Sir I let you in, I'm under strict orders of lock down.”
Bruce smiled gently, “I know what you mean, Steve.”
Steve sighed and sat back into his chair, defeated. He knew Tony’s lab was his realm and he couldn’t take that away from him, “Ok. Just promise me you’ll
kill me.”
Steve, or one of the other Avengers, tried to be in the lab as much as possible to make sure he was doing ok. Steve usually chose to be in there overnight as he slept so little, making sure that if Tony fell asleep he could take him up to bed. It became obvious quite quickly that Tony was suffering awful nightmares from his ordeal in the jungle. His fingernails often left crescent shaped marks in Steve’s arms as he carried him to bed.
Eventually, not meeting Steve's eyes, Bruce spoke. “He was the only person, the only one. The only one who never flinched. Not once.” His voice cracked. “Even you, even Captain America, you were wary. You distrusted me.”
“Huh,” Tony said, looking with confusion and disappointment, “It was supposed to do
“The last thing we did was fight,” he said, croakily. She stroked his shoulder as he continued to cry. After a few minutes he whispered, “I love him.”
“I mean really,” Tony murmured around the screwdriver in his mouth as he tinkered with the device he was inventing, “it just takes a bit of” he took the screwdriver out of his mouth and squinted into the machine, turning something, “lateral thinking.” He straightened up, looking satisfied, wiping the grease off of his fingers with a dirty cloth, smiling brightly at Steve.
“I love you Steve, I've loved you for a long time.”
Tony heard someone come into his lab as he was bent over a small piece of circuitry. They didn't say anything, then Tony heard the sound of a plate being put down and heels turning. He looked up.
Tony smiled at him, “Sure I'll come, gimme half an hour to change.”
The two men locked eyes, staring at each other. Something in that moment changed, but before they could acknowledge it JARVIS sounded out the alert for an assemble. The connection broke as they both ran towards the exit, suddenly Iron Man and Captain America, leaving Steve and Tony in the lab.
Steve ached, but he didn't say anything because he knew it was true. He had never been a fan of the Hulk coming along on that first mission. When he didn't know Bruce, he'd just read a file.
This night was the worst Steve had seen him since he got back. He’d started to put some weight back on, his diet had been expanded slightly and he’d been in a good mood all day, even starting to show a bit of his old self, babbling on to Steve about his new ideas or why his old ideas didn’t work for a while before he got to the point of exhaustion and fell asleep. As Steve moved to pick him up the nightmares obviously started up again. Steve sighed sadly as Tony began to whimper and twitch.
There was silence. “You can trust me.”
“Come on, Tony,” he said softly as he picked the smaller man up. It still hurt to feel just how light he was in his arms. He gritted his teeth as Tony’s fingernails dug into his skin and walked him to his bedroom. The twitching got more and more distressed and the whimpers got louder. Steve laid him down on his bed and decided he couldn’t let Tony get stuck in that dream for another long night.
Steve’s look darkened, “I hope you mean to test it in some way it won’t hurt you.”
“And I assure you we are working on it,” came the reply.
Tony’s grin made it worth it. “Ok,” he said, standing back a few steps, “See, I’m being careful!” He was holding a button on a wire in his hand. Steve stuck his tongue out at the tease. “Three, two, one.” Tony pushed the button.
Five hours later, the surgeon came out to find Steve sleeping, his head on Natasha's shoulder. His face was cleared streaked by tears, his eyes red and puffy, wet marks on his sleeve where he'd been wiping at his eyes and nose. Coffee cups littered the chair and floor around Natasha. When she saw him she gently shook Steve who jolted awake, standing up instantly.
Steve felt the tears run down his cheeks as his chuckled. He looked at the floor, “I – We, thought we’d lost you,” he said, trying to keep his words steady.
“Nay, my friend, I fear I must take my leave, I have promised Jane I will contact her.”
“Not very well, for one thing she kept trying to set me up with women,” he giggled.
There was a beat of pause before the response, “He is in quite some distress, Captain. He's in his lab.”
“Bruce.”
“But I know better now. Thanks.” Bruce smiled and headed down to check out his brand new refurbished, personal, re-enforced lab.
“I'm spider proofing it!” Tony said loudly.
Clint piped up, “Can’t we track his phone? Even if he doesn’t have sig-“
Steve lifted his head, leaning his forehead against Tony's.
Steve smiled, “So how does this work?”
“We're on our way.”
Clint spoke. “We were willing to let your new found clumsiness slide when it was around the tower, because frankly it was kind of cute, but when it's in the middle of a battle? The last thing we need is Iron Man out of commission because Captain America fluttered his eyelids at him.”
“I'll meet you back at the tower,” Bruce said, eyes flashing green.
“Stay. Please.”
“Bruce?” Tony asked quietly.
“Seriously Tony,” Steve said, “I don't want you to get hurt.” His brow creased as he stood up. “Bruce said you were in a de-briefing.”
“You can't tell anyone, Bruce. I don't want this to affect the way we work together,” Bruce could almost hear pleading his voice.
“I'm never drinking scotch again,” he groaned. “Or at least not for a day. I had the weirdest dream.”
Bruce looked up at Steve who nodded, knowing that Bruce had taken Tony’s disappearance the hardest. He deserved to get to him first, even though Steve felt like his was suffocating. Bruce took a deep breath and walked forward. Steve followed him some distance behind, watching the other figure intently. He watched as Tony walked towards them and felt his heart ache. The man he knew had been replaced by a spindly, almost emaciated person, with matted long hair and a grey tinted, wild beard. He saw him and Bruce meet, regarding each other for a moment before embracing tightly. He saw the two men break apart and Bruce’s shoulders shake with what looked like laughter. He was close enough to see a smile across Tony’s face. He caught his breath as he saw Tony look over Bruce’s shoulder at him, the smile fading. He looked back at Bruce who made a gesture towards Steve and Tony slowly started walking towards him. He only then realised that the rest of the team hadn’t followed him, they were letting him meet Tony on his own terms, like he had with Bruce. He felt tears start to well in his eyes as Tony got closer but battled them back.
Bruce took the camera from Steve's hands, “Go, I can take photos. I'm done for the night anyway.”
Steve pulled his hand out from his back, holding out a pristine new arc reactor casing.
“He’s working on a big project at the moment and he needs to focus on that right now. He knows we can handle ourselves,” Steve looked at the others at the table, seeing each of them give a tiny nod, “I think we’re done for today.” He stood abruptly, the team following suit and leaving the conference room. Steve tried to block the smug look on the reporter’s face from his mind.
“You're just so polite to JARVIS and DUM-E. I guess the rest of us just take them for granted, but you always thank them and say please. It's really... nice.”
They sat in companionable silence for a few minutes before Steve cracked a dumb joke about getting the toaster to work, and Tony choked on his coffee with laughter, setting them both off.
“Leave me alone,” Steve protested as he felt a strong arm pull him up off the couch and hold him under the arms.
“I'll grab us a taxi to the park,” Bruce said, “Ten minutes.”
“Looking forward to it Cap,” Tony replied.
Steve paused for a moment before asking softly, “Is this why you won't take your shirt off even when we're sleeping?” Come to think of it, Steve couldn't think of anyone who had seen him without a shirt. He knew Pepper had to change his reactor once, years ago, but he didn't know of anything since.
Steve blushed slightly, “I wasn't expecting you to ask.”
The de-brief was even more torturous that normal. Tony had to justify his actions over and over to not only the rest of team but to Fury and SHIELD in general, clearly they all shared the opinion that he wasn’t ready to be back in the field. At least during the interrogation it gave him something to think about, once they moved on to discuss the rest of the fight he found he couldn’t keep his mind off Steve. Those hands, that
“I’m fine,” came the reply with the hiss of breath being drawn between clenched teeth, “Just got a little hot for my liking.”
. His and Steve’s eyes kept meeting and flicking away, obviously his teammate was struggling with similar feelings. Tony could feel the blush in his cheeks, hoped he could pass it off as minor burns because he really didn’t need to be sitting in a room full of people
back,” came Tony's reply, as his mind focused on what the hell he was going to do when he ran into Steve.
Tony sat down on a stool as the air seemed to leave him, tears leaving greasy trails on his face. After a few moments Steve took a faltering step towards him. Tony looked up at him, pain evident in his eyes.
Tony snatched the tool out of Steve's hands and placed it on the workbench.
She stepped into the room and put a smile on her face, “Hey soldier.”
Steve’s smile turned to a sad frown, “No. I don’t know how and I’m not sure Tony would want us to poke around inside his bots. I think he considers them to be the closest thing he has to children.”
He was lost in his thoughts as JARVIS' voice came out across the speakers.
Steve walked forward and took hold of it, turning it over in his hands.
“This has to stop, Stark,” she said.
Steve's face looked pained as he turned to Thor.
Tony grinned, “That's the spirit!” He chucked the keys to Clint who caught them in mid-air and disappeared almost immediately.
Natasha rounded on Tony. “You're coming with us.”
“He's excited, you know,” Bruce said, matter-of-factly.
Steve stood his ground and spoke determinedly, “Tony, what's happened?”
“It is time for you to sleep,” Thor said as he helped the drunk, stumbling super soldier out of the room. “You are doing your grief no honour by trying to drown it out.”
“Yes,” replied Steve quietly. He hesitated. “It was us.”
“Well,” he said to himself, rubbing the fog out of his safety goggles, “This is my first visit to a rainforest.”
He heard a noise by the cars and looked over to see a grease covered Tony wheel himself out from under one of his prized classics. Tony grabbed a rag as he stood up, just wearing a black wife-beater and a pair of old, grease stained jeans. Steve made a quiet strangled noise in his throat, adjusted the way he was standing and cleared his throat.
Eventually Clint broke the silence, “So, where is he?”
“Hi Tony,” he said without even having to look.
“My hero,” he joked as he feigned a swoon before a steely look hardened in his eyes, “Just don't tell Barton or I will kill you.”
“I don't know what you're talking about,” Tony replied, looking out of the window.
Steve looked upset, “I don't-”
“I can see him,” came the soft reply, “Going quiet.”
quickly, letting off a battery of missiles which seemed to do nothing more than piss it off. Clint was nearby on a building, targeting as many eyes as he could with his arrows, while Natasha and Steve worked on dealing with the parasites it seemed to carry with it. Hulk was a flurry of movement and roars.
“He’s going to try and blast the thing by himself. He knows we can’t get close enough.”
“Why did he stop in the first place?”
Steve turned to look at Tony, smiling, “Thanks for helping me... again. This is what, the sixth time?”
Tony enjoyed seeing the blush spread across Steve’s face, his ears turning red. His heartbeat picked up again.
Tony sat down and began to eat, staring down at the table, not quite sure how he'd managed to get Steve Rogers to say yes to a date to him. He couldn't screw this up. He heard Steve sit down opposite him and glanced up at him. They both smiled as they caught each other's eyes. They sat in silence for a moment before Tony piped up.
“Uhh, guys?!”
“I want to see Tony,” he said, running his hands through his hair, “Make sure he's ok after that crash and everything.”
Steve raised an eyebrow, “So you disobeyed?”
“Yep, very perceptive,” came the infuriating tones which meant he was amused.
Tony hesitated, unsure of what to do. Usually the arc reactor creeped people out, rather than interest them. He silently and hesitantly moved his hand away from his chest. Steve bent down a little to look more closely at it. He moved his hand as if to touch it before stopping as Tony almost flinched.
Tony's breathing was beginning to level out.
- your friend too. I have been so selfish the last couple of months. When Bucky died it wasn’t like I could just take time off from the war to grieve. I guess I just didn’t know how to deal with losing such a good friend without something to throw myself into.” He looked down into his glass, swilling the last liquid around the bottom.
Steve smiled and looked at Tony, seeing the not-so-well-hidden hope in his eyes. “I guess we could work something out.” Maybe he didn't have to start over alone this time.
“I... I think it would help me sleep. You don’t have to, but I think it would help.”
The others looked at him concerned as he realised the colour must have drained out of his face as well. He turned to them as he put the phone down on the counter, trying to steady his shaking hands.
“I’m alive.” He sighed, “It’s good to hear your voice. Can you put me through to the tower line please?”
The boy silently nodded, his eyes wide with thanks. He looked up again at the mother as she made a happy noise and produced a pen and a piece of paper. Bruce signed it at smiled at the mother to cover up the fact he'd just given her son the means to save himself by personal Avenger. As he walked away his eyes flickered green, just for a moment.
“Looking good, Cap,” Tony said, running his eyes over Steve as he looked at the doors to the restaurant somewhat awkwardly.
Barton smiled, and Natasha's expression held a definite sense of victory. Tony knew he was caught.
Steve trudged into the kitchen, sweatpants tied roughly at his hips, dressing gown lying open. He pulled open the fridge door, pulled out a jug of orange juice and drained most of it standing in the cold that soothed his aching head. He leaned his head against the pillar of the fridge for a moment to let his roiling stomach settle before noticing the noises of breakfast in the background. He closed the door to the fridge, finished the jug of juice and threw it into the trash before turning around. Bruce was standing at the stove, frying something. Clint and Natasha were sitting at the breakfast table eating cereal and reading the newspaper. Thor was sitting back in a chair, legs propped up on the corner of the table, noisily eating toast and marmalade.
“Oh my God,” Tony croaked, trying not to laugh and cry at the same time, “JARVIS, it’s Tony.”
. I don't
Steve was already on his feet, lurching towards Tony, a strangled scream of terror in his throat. But he was too late, Tony was gone.
“Is he ok?” he asked urgently.
As he walked down to the gym to test out Tony's gift he smiled to himself. He loved the fact that Tony was so generous, and he never expected anything back. Hell, he let them all move into the Tower without rent! It only took 48 hours to break the punching bag.
“Thanks Tony,” came Cap's voice across the comm.
Steve looked the most nervous Bruce had ever seen him, it was almost adorable. He was standing straight in his 1940s dress uniform which really did things for his figure. Bruce couldn't wait to see Tony's reaction. Steve turned to him.
Tony raced back to his room. He felt like his skin was on fire and his heart was going to explode. When he turned his StarkPhone off silent he noticed a text message from Pepper.
“Sir? Are you ok?”
Steve started walking towards his injured friend, stopping in front of him and looking down at him, “We weren’t prepared,” he said, before pointing a finger at Tony’s chest. “Just like
The flight to Itaituba felt like it took eons, each of the avengers simultaneously excited, anxious and scared of what they were going to find when they arrived. Bruce’s knuckles were white as his gripped the edge of his seat, Steve’s hand resting on his shoulder while his mind worked in overdrive, so much going on that he could only perceive it as almost white noise. Clint and Natasha sat in the front, concentration and determination painting deep grooves in their faces. Thor was uncharacteristically silent, standing towards the back of the jet with a concerned expression. It had taken them hardly any time to suit up and get in the air, though it did take Natasha a minute to break Bruce out of his shock. Steve had never moved so fast in his life, his heart beating at a thousand miles per hour. He’d spoken barely anything to Tony, knowing than time was of the essence, but hearing his voice through the phone had made him want to drop to the ground. That broken, cracking voice had sounded so alien, but yet so familiar.
DUM-E obviously took offense to that as he shook his claw. Steve laughed.
Steve sat by Tony's beside in the Critical Care Unit every day until he was slowly brought around from his medical coma. Before he was fully awake and transferred to a normal ward, Steve summoned all his courage to tell Tony just how he felt, without having to face the straight out rejection he would have any other time. He took a deep breath.
Tony grunted at him, before flicking his eyes Steve's way. He let out a surprised sound as he collided with the fridge door, having been distracted by certain... assets the uniform accentuated.
want to give me a brand new sports car then I suppose I can't stop you.”
“Hey, if you want it to be a date, it's a date. Who wouldn't want to go on a date with Captain America?”
“I'm fine Steve, you'd think you've never made a mistake! Oh right, you're Captain America, I forgot,” he said, his customary snark coming through loud and clear, but definitely with an affectionate edge.
Steve nodded before turning to walk back to the tower with Bruce.
Something was wrong with Tony, Steve knew the second he walked into the lab. Tony was making frustrated noises and banging his tools around like he didn't care if he broke anything. He'd never known Tony to treat his things with such blatant disregard, he'd often heard him wax lyrical about how without his tools he couldn't exercise his genius. As he slowly moved to get closer to him, before Tony had seen him, Tony let out a painful roar, threw the wrench he was holding across the lab and pulled off his protective goggles. As he turned he spotted Steve.
Tony resisted the urge to eat at hyper speed but was still at the door for 9.45. He was leaning nonchalantly against the side of the open door, backpack in hand, as Steve pulled up on his motorcycle. He walked down the steps, swung the backpack over his shoulder and smirked.
“I'm sorry, but seeing nothing but your legs hanging out the top of your armour just wasn't something I was expecting to see,” came Steve's response to Tony's best snarky expression. “What are you even doing with it? Surely it's easier to take it apart and work on it?”
He shook the thoughts from his mind, concentrating on the fact that that was in the past. Right now, Tony being missing, that was the present, and it was something he could change. He dialled Natasha’s number as he walked. She answered with a quick
Steve sighed, “Please Tony, I asked you t-”
The woman cocked an eyebrow, “Oh but it does. We all know what happened in Seattle. How long is it going to be before he’s working with you again?”
“Steve?” Tony spoke softly, lifting his head from Steve's chest. “This is the best Christmas present I've ever had.”
Tony piped up, “Hey, I asked you on this date, I'm paying. Some of the benefits of being a billionaire.”
There was a beat of pause, Tony could hear laughter in the background, “Who is this?”
Steve grinned as Tony leaned down to kiss him.
His first action upon being let out of hospital was to walk straight into his lab and give his bots a very thorough tune up. Steve had watched from the doorway smiling as Tony was surrounded by the eager bots before opening them up one by one and ranting at them about the state of their insides and
“Tony!” Steve was screaming, standing in the spot the portal had appeared. He turned wildly, trying to find something in the lab he could use to bring him back, to find out where he was. When it finally sunk in that Tony was gone, and Steve didn’t know where or how he felt himself go into Captain mode.
“Can you open the door please JARVIS?” he asked, still preferring to get permission rather than barge in on Tony.
“What matters,” Steve grunted as a bolt of searing flame hit his shield, “Is how we fight the damn thing.”
Tony was suddenly in front of him. They looked at each other silently before Steve found his voice.
Natasha smiled at DUM-E and then Steve, “They’re well past due then, is that what you’ve been doing down here?”
Natasha gave a sad smile as she saw Steve sitting at a workbench through the windows of Tony’s lab. At her asking, JARVIS opened the doors and allowed her access, something she wasn’t sure he was supposed to do. She hadn’t been Tony’s favourite person after all. She sighed, figuring it meant JARVIS was worried about Steve. It would make sense, they all were.
“Well what am I supposed to do Steve?!” Tony shouted, stepping in towards the taller man in anger, “Am I supposed to just stand back and let you die? Is that what you want?”
drunk.”
“I need to get back to an experiment,” he said, not taking his eyes from the newspaper.
Steve was helping Tony in his lab. And by helping, he was handing him the occasional tool as Tony worked on something intricate and confusing. His nose was buried in a modern history book as he continued to catch up on everything he'd missed when he'd been trapped in the ice. Tony called over to him to pass him some complicated sounding device, and Steve's mind went blank as he looked at everything laid in front of him. When he asked Tony to clarify he got a grunt, a wave and a “one of those thingies.” He sighed and looked up at the ceiling.
me, Steve! That’s just not right! Getting them out took way too much Vaseline and ducktape for any situation outside of the bedroom.”
“Yeah well,” Tony jabbed a finger into Steve’s chest, “that’s not going to happen. I’m not going to let you die of pride. I’ve already nearly done that to myself,” he growled.
After a while Bruce, soaked and smiling, appeared beside him.
Tony looked at him in silence for a moment, “You didn't think I liked you? Wow, you must be the most oblivious person on the planet!” They both chuckled, “I thought asking you out would just end up with you awkwardly avoiding me forever.”
The guests seated themselves as the minister began to speak, Steve and Tony intertwining their fingers and smiling at each other. Bruce could feel the love radiating from every person in the room, and was proud that Captain America had chosen him for his Best Man. This family was all he could ever had wished for and more.
By the time they reached the park the other Avengers had already divided themselves up into teams (Clint and Natasha vs Bruce and Thor) and had mostly built their snow forts. As Tony ran in screaming “EVERYONE FOR THEMSELVES!” Steve got out his camera. He got some fantastic shots of everyone in various states of throwing or getting hit, everyone laughing, and a few of Natasha convincing Thor that Mjolnir was not an acceptable substitute for a snowball. His favourites, though, were of Tony. Tony no holds barred, a huge grin across his face as he threw a snowball or got hit. Tony wrapped up in all those layers yet still getting a handful of snow down the back from Clint, or poking his head out over a bank of snow scouting out his next target.
“You mean the ghost story I was told as a kid?”
It was Clint's movie of choice, and he went with Kate & Leopold. Rambling on about how it was so romantic that the man out of time meets this modern day woman and falls deeply in love with her and they manage to have such a deep and
“You know, I haven't eaten in days. I am starving. Lets go get dinner.”
Tony stood calf high in the shallower waters by the river bank. He barely moved, the tendons and sinews in his legs tight and visible through his skin, his muscles bunched in concentration. His eyes darted and flicked across the water’s surface, blinking out the sweat which ran down his forehead. His fingers tensed on around the spear before, like lightening, he flashed forward and plunged the spear into the water. He leaned his weight onto the spear, waiting until it stopped struggling against his grip. Tony heaved a sigh and lifted his prize out of the water. The fish was big, one of the biggest he’d caught, and he trudged back to the bank through the mud with a tight grin on his face. He would go to sleep full tonight.
“It'll be nice to
“No, Captain.”
was supposed to be a secret, Clint.”
“No you’re not Tony. We can deal with this. We can’t deal with you going down on the field.”
“I'm sorry I'm just too much of a genius for you guys to keep up, I'll try and tone it down... well, not really, but I'll pretend to,” he still smiled.
“Nothing,” he growled in between mouthfuls, “I told you.”
Tony looked up at the door as Steve walked in.
Steve opened his mouth to say something before his expression changed mid way, “But that wasn't... He didn't... You think
Steve sighed again, “I can see what you've done, but I just can't get my head around it quite yet.” He looked at Tony, “I mean, you barely trust me with the microwave right now, lets not run before we can walk.”
Steve looked him dead in the eyes, “Of course not. I will be here to help you through this. We're Avengers, we do things together.”
Tony shifted his weight onto his other leg, “Oh nothing,” he said, crossing his arms.
Steve let out a small laugh, “But seriously,” he said, looking at Tony intently, “Thank you for not treating me like a kid. You're a very patient teacher.”
After the laughter from one of the stories died down between them Tony gained a different expression.
Tony made sure he booked the nicest restaurant he could bribe for and spent a little too much time trying to pick out the best outfit with the help of the ever patient Pepper. He spent many hours pacing the workshop floor, rambling at DUM-E and going over multiple situations in his head. He couldn't see any way he'd make it out the other side of the date without being a puddle.
Tony gave Steve his best puppy dog eyes, breaking against the steely glare of determination.
Tony let out a laugh, quickly grabbing his side in pain, “God, I am looking forward to seeing my robots.”
“I am going outside, anyone want to join?”
“I couldn't bear to lose another person I love,” he said quietly, pausing before seeming to realise what he'd said. He looked at Bruce, colour rising in his cheeks. “Uhh... I mean...”
The doors opened to Tony’s floor, he walked out pulling Steve beside him.
Tony span to face Steve, spitting out venom, “Like you really even care, if I tell you all you're gonna do is be understanding. Oh
Clint smiled widely this time, “Hey, you don’t think I didn’t play all of the sad Whitney Houston songs top volume after Coulson died then you are sorely mistaken, my friend. I think Natasha even joined in once or twice!”
Tony felt something stir in his stomach as he watched at Steve go back to his reading. He took a deep breath and went back to his work.
“Ok, and then you just turn your hand like that... yeah, you got it,” Tony clapped his hand onto Steve's shoulder, strangely proud of the younger man. He'd been helping Steve work out some of the more complicated technology the Stark Tower contained, and he was enjoying it much more than he thought he would. The respect they'd developed when they were stuck together had developed into a firm friendship. It turns out that once they'd gotten over their own egos and misconceptions their personalities actually worked pretty well together. It surprised Tony as much as anyone else.
relationship despite the differences in culture and understand and just wasn't it just the most
“Anything SHIELD should know about?” he asked.
“I don't know what you mean,” he replied.
Thor looked at him with soft eyes, “I understand friend Steve, but know this, we will find Tony. No one in this room will rest until we have retrieved him.”
“Got one already,” came the reply, and Steve could hear the smug smirk Tony was wearing.
and be safe. Just a little bit?”
“Those scars are part of you, Tony Stark, and you are beautiful. I love you, all of you.”
He saw the relief break over Steve's face. The elevator binged and the doors opened at Tony's level. He stepped out.
“Well then we need to get to work on a way to track him,” Natasha cut in, stealing the words from Steve’s mouth.
“God DAMNIT!” Tony shouted, wiping his slicked hair back from his forehead. “I am going to
Clint looked at him, waiting for Steve to say what he needed to say.
Over the next week Tony never had to worry about forgetting breakfast, Steve was always there with his smile and unassuming niceness. Tony spent a lot of time down at the lab, working on his new pet project. Then on Friday, after a night spent watching mindless action films, he found a backpack and a pair of boots waiting for him on the breakfast table along with a bigger breakfast than usual. A note sat against his coffee cup.
Steve smiled, knowing Tony was ok once he started joking again. He ran Tony another glass of water and waited for him to drink it all. He knew he needed to head off the rest of Tony's Insight research before he got to it himself.
The white turned to red, Bruce feeling himself vibrate, feeling the strings of his muscles tighten, his tendons going taught, the Other Guy scrabbling his way out, clawing his way through Bruce's consciousness. Bruce threw his head back and let out a primal roar.
Doom laughed from his position atop the Space Needle, “Without your Iron Man you are nothing!” he boomed through the speakers.
JARVIS' voice rang out through the room, “I'm sorry sir, I believe this intervention to be in your best interest.”
They looked at each other for a moment, before Steve began to turn away again. Tony stepped forward involuntarily.
He drew his knees in against his chest to block his view of the reactor, his mind instead changing to his team. He wondered how they were doing, what they were getting up to. If they were even looking for him. If there was any chance of them ever finding him. He had disappeared using an unknown device, he had no phone, no suit, there was nothing to tell them where he could be. For all they knew he could have ended up at the bottom of the Marianas Trench or the summit of Olympus Mons. His last vision of Steve broke through. He’d seen his face change, a look of panic coming across it, a lurch as he began to leave his seat, he’d heard the start of a scream and then he’d disappeared. The portal or whatever it was must have opened up behind him, Steve seeing it before Tony could react.  It felt like a fist was squeezing his stomach as he thought about how Steve would have been left in the lab alone, with no idea what had happened, trying to find some way to bring him back.
Tony moved his spare hand to his chest, “Arc reactor conducts cold. Also, I don't want to get sick over Christmas. Everyone knows if you're sick at Christmas Santa doesn't bring you any presents.” He winked at Steve who chuckled and gently bumped his shoulder against him.
Steve had to purposefully stop himself from running down the corridors and shouting at the elevators to hurry up. If JARVIS was willing to disobey orders then Tony mustn't be in a good way. At all. He rounded the corner and had enough time to take in the lab scene through the door as he entered his override code. Tony looked bedraggled, much worse than Steve had seen him before, the lab was in tatters. Whole sections of worktops had been cleared onto the floor, some of the windows hung in the frames shattered as things had obviously been thrown. The place was a mess. The door opened as Tony snapped his head around to see the intruder. He began to protest but Steve had already crossed the room and pulled him into a suffocating hug.
Steve picked it up and handed it to Tony, “Thank you, JARVIS.”
Steve felt sick, “I can get Pepper to do it, she’s done it before.”
Steve flinched, “Tony, I-”
“JARVIS?”
“Captain Rogers, I believe Mr Stark's de-briefing has finished.”
Thor had spent much of the time since the incident cursing the fact he wasn’t able to contact Heimdall. Odin had spent so much energy getting Thor back down to earth after Loki’s capture that he couldn’t get home for months.
“Sure, your stitches are out, your scars have gone pink and your nails are starting to grow again, but you and I both know that doesn’t mean you’re back to normal!”
Another few moments of eye contact passed before they turned away from each other and began walking to their own rooms, their eyes meeting as they both turned back to look at the other, blushes rising to their cheeks.
“Are you sure? This place looks kinda fancy,” he replied.
“Hey, no. What's up?” Tony walked around the worktop towards him.
“Descending,” Natasha said. A few moments later Steve felt the jet touchdown and steeled himself. The ramp opened slowly and Steve squinted into the bright sunlight. He caught a heat distorted figure standing in the distance and had to stop himself from running towards it. Instead he squeezed Bruce’s shoulder, “Do you see him?”
Natasha glanced at the other couch again. Watching Steve and Tony sitting so close together but trying so hard not to accidentally touch was much more interesting than the movie the rest of the team were watching. It seemed the only people in SHEILD who didn't know they loved each other were actually Steve and Tony. Clint caught her eye and rolled his eyes in their direction, a smirk on his lips.
thing they'd ever seen. It earned him a kick from Natasha.
Steve froze as the voice on the other end washed over him.
Bruce smiled and adjusted Steve's collar, “Love is.” He smoothed down Steve's lapels. “But if it helps, Tony is probably just as scared as you are.”
know they like each other. Anyway, it means you can't throw the bets,” came Clint's reply. “I give it two months.”
Tony inclined his head in thought, “Well I guess that makes sense.”
Everyone stood at once, choruses of agreement chiming through the room.
“So this one should be able to stand up to anything you can throw at it.” Tony handed Steve the new-and-improved Invincible StarkPhone. “Try and break it. Try
Tony pulled away, anger flashing across his face.
He barely got a “Hi Steve” out before Steve was untying him, asking him how he felt and telling him off for being so careless. Tony flapped him off as he got free.
“Ready.”
The rest of the night seemed to go just a little bit better.
“So what's the plan, Cap?” Tony asked.
Steve looked up towards the ceiling. “Thank you, JARVIS.”
Tony rounded on him, “No you don’t,” his finger against Steve’s breastbone, “Don’t you apologise for that. I have been dreaming about that for a long time.”
When Tony woke up he found himself comfortably tucked into his own bed.
“No problem Cap,” he replied as he walked backwards, “I mean, I can't expect everyone to be on my level.”
“Well eventually it'll go down, they always do,” he replied. If he was being honest he was just glad he had something to concentrate on rather than still boiling over down in his lab.
badly when you went to get it?”
“Thanks for not treating me like an idiot.”
Steve sighed and closed the drawing pad, and turned to Natasha with a smile, “Sure, I’m pretty hungry.”
“Tony,” he said quietly as he put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony swung round, his eyes wild as he sucked in breath. He shook Steve’s hand off and stumbled to the wall, putting his back against the concrete and sliding to the ground. He hugged his knees to his chest and tried to regulate his breathing. The warm body that slid down beside him was welcome as he felt an arm go round his shoulders. He leant into the contact as he concentrated on his breathing, angry at the tears he felt in his eyes.
“Owww,” the low groan came through the comm, Steve instantly on edge.
Tony’s eyebrows rose with a childlike fake innocence, “Yeeesssss?” He smiled in a ‘don’t be angry’ way.
“Us, Tony. The Avengers. The X-Men. The Fantastic Four. Anyone who could stop them. Anyone who wouldn't just take it lying down. Anyone who wouldn't in the future.”
Steve paused, removing his hand from Tony's forehead. “Well, if you ever need to talk I'll always listen,” he said.
“I don't think that's a good idea this time, I reckon we should let them work it out themselves. It hasn't been all that long since Pepper left. I'm not even sure
Steve was sure he was imagining a tone to Tony's voice that sounded almost jealous, “She's fine. I think she's coping well with the fact that her whole life has been blown.” He smiled, “You know, she spent every darn day trying to set me up on a date. I think she considered it a hobby.” He laughed as Tony mischievously cocked his eyebrow at him.
, with most of his uniform missing. Torn. Off. He made a strangled noise, staring at Captain America with his mouth open, and flew straight through a wall.
Bruce shrugged, “I don't know, you'd have to ask him yourself.”
“It's ok, you're working. I won't disturb you,” he moved to leave the lab.
He didn't see Bruce smile faintly.
Natasha turned to face Steve, “You should go back with Bruce, get yourselves dressed properly.”
“Too late,” came the clipped response as the armour took off, Tony flying off to the tower. Steve felt his expression darken.
Steve looked back at his half eaten Chinese, and Tony’s still full containers. He sighed.
The men stood in silence, Steve watching Tony fiddle idly with a circuit board. He suddenly turned to him.
“Sure, sounds good,” he said, still a little shellshocked.
Tony brandished his sandwich at Steve. “These are really good,” he muffled through a mouthful.
“Good point,” Steve smiled back. It felt good not to hide around his friend any more, and his heart was beating fast at the surprise he had received in return for his own confession.
“No. There's no way I'm talking to SHIELD about this, don't you dare,” Tony replied with a flash of life brightening his eyes for a moment.
“Oh, and how did that go?” he asked.
“Is this what all de-briefings are like?” he asked, “Maybe I should start going to more.” He grinned widely at Natasha who stood in front of him, flanked by Clint and Thor.
“I'll see you tomorrow,” he said, a faint smile on his lips.
“Note to self, make Steve more stuff.”
“Just a bit of tinkering then? Hmm?” Steve asked as Tony muttered under his breath, “What was that?”
Steve smiled as he began to flush red, “Made you some hangover food.” He nodded in the direction of the bacon and pancakes before putting some bacon on his own plate.
Steve felt the tension drop out of his shoulders knowing that Tony was fine. The steam started to clear, revealing the melted and rehardened, glassy look of the buildings and roads. Panes had melted out of windows, cooling in puddles on the ground. Asphalt was warped and shiny. It looked like a Dali painting within a block of the small, steaming figure in the middle of the devastation. He saw a red and silver streak land beside the red and gold armour of Tony, hearing the exchange through comms.
Steve stared at Tony, floundering in his thoughts. Could he do this? Was Tony strong enough to get through it? He steeled himself, running his hand through his hair, “What happens between the old one coming out and the new one going in.”
He’d spent hours upon hours, days and days in there since. Fine tuning things, tinkering with half-finished discarded ideas, throwing himself into being as busy as possible. He wasn’t the same. The once brazenly confident, forever muttering and gesturing man had become quiet. Where before he couldn’t seem to stand the sound of quiet, filling up any void with the sound of his own voice and music, now the silences stretched around him. Once the instigator of conversations, now he had to be prompted into them. Where he used to relentlessly tease and postulate with Bruce, now he was content for them to work in companionable silence, speaking when necessary or to share the odd joke here or there. Now he could watch movies with the Avengers on movie night without providing his very own Stark flavoured riff track.
Steve ran his hands through his hair again, “I don't know. One moment he was fine, fighting the bots. Then my uniform got shredded and the next thing I know after dealing with that was Tony crashing. I thought he was really hurt. It was scary.” He sighed again. “I'm always so frightened of losing any one of you, especially Tony.”
Tony was still standing frozen, before his brain caught up and he looked down at whatever he was tinkering with. “No no, it's fine. I just... I just thought I was the one into guys out of us.”
Tony knew there was no point in denying his feelings any more, “Yeah well, you're not the one in love with your childhood idol.”
“I’ve never been so sure of anything in my life,” Steve replied, opening the door behind Tony as he pushed forward with another kiss, slamming the door shut behind them.
“So you don't think Tony flying into a wall at the sight of you half naked affects the way we work?”
Steve stared at the screen, the rest of the Avengers huddled around trying to comprehend what the computer screen was saying. Steve squeezed without feeling.
“It's no big deal, Cap,” Tony shrugged, “Here, I've tried to make it as intuitive as poss-”
“But I am!” he shouted, banging his fist on his workbench, pacing the room. “Look at me! What am I without my suit, Steve? You picked it out straight away!” He pointed at the ring of blue light on his chest. “What am I without this? It's the only thing keeping me alive, don't you think I'm scared of how easily I can be broken?” Tears were openly running down his face.
Steve paused, not knowing how to soothe his grief-wracked team mate. He took a long, slow breath in, held it with closed eyes, and let it out as he walked carefully across the floor and hunkered down beside Bruce. He saw him curl tighter, pulling his knees further into his chest burrowing his head further into himself. Making himself as small as possible to shield himself from the outside world, from having to face the facts. Another spasm of heart-breaking sobs wracked his body. Steve said nothing, instead unfolding the blanket he had brought with him and draping it over Bruce's shaking body. After a few moments Steve saw the blanket bunch as Bruce reached out a few fingers and drew it closer. Steve waited. After what felt like an eternity, but what could only have been a couple of minutes, the sobs became quieter and Bruce's body began to relax. Steve moved to sit, brushing away a few pieces of debris to find a relatively comfortable position. Bruce began to sit up, drawing the blanket around him tightly, his eyes red and swollen and his nose and lips irritated and cracked. Steve had hoped never to have had to see a man in this state again. He waited. That was what you had to do, you had to wait. You had to let them start, let them come to terms with it themselves. Let them scream, let them shout, let them whisper.
“Damnit Steve, I have seen the footage from Seattle! I wasn’t there when you needed me and Natasha almost
He rubbed a hand roughly against his forehead, pacing angrily, “I told him to be careful!” His breathing was coming in loud angry bursts, “He didn’t even know what it did!” He braced himself against the wall, “I should have told him not to test the damn thing! I shouldn’t have let him! It’s my fault, Clint!” Steve suddenly stopped, looking at the fist sized hole in the wall he’d just created.
He walked over, and with an almighty roar, crushed the front of the car into the ground. His eyes flashed green as he caught himself and began breathing deliberately again. It felt good to unleash some of the pent up energy in such a cathartic manner. He knew Clint would be getting regular check-ups now.
“Tony don’t be a fool,” Natasha said across comm. Steve paled.
Tony’s face took on a hard look, “No, Steve. I am not trusting some doctor with this. I trust
“How did it go?”
It took Tony four more weeks before he could walk without being in immense pain, eight before he well enough to finally get out of hospital. The other Avengers had spared as much time as possible to visit him, help him get some physiotherapy done. Bruce had made sure he'd brought as much non-lab-dependent stuff as humanly possible to keep Tony occupied. Clint marvelled at Tony's scars, which covered a lot of his torso in angry lines. The stitches had been removed, but they still looked sore and inflamed. Tony laughed when Clint told him he looked like he'd been munched on by the world's biggest shark.
Steve sighed as he pulled the white t-shirt on, having changed into his comfy grey sweatpants. Bruce buttoned up his shirt and gave Steve a look.
He breathed a sigh of relief, the internal structure rusting would have been a much more serious problem. It seemed that, as it was mostly internal and the tiny exposed section being protected by the removable section of casing, it had been saved any compromising scratches.
“Thank you,” whispered Tony, “Thank you for letting me say it out loud, and thank you for not judging me for it.”
, poor broken Tony is having a breakdown again. Let's tell him he's been a good little boy to get him to shut up so we can get back to our own lives.”
“No, just leave me alone! Nobody cares. I'm just a pathetic, spoilt asshole with no friends, who has no idea how to hold on to anyone he loves and fucks everything up. You should just leave before I end up pushing all of you away. I'm no good.”
He sighed. What he needed right now was a distraction from his distraction.
This time Steve chuckled. As Tony turned to leave Steve stood, “Hey Tony.”
“It's the nightmares I can't deal with, Steve. I thought I'd got them under control, I thought I was on top of them. Pepper was always there to deal with me when I woke up... but she left me. She left me because I'm a piece of shit and I can't hold on to anything good. Then, at the worst fucking possible time, a building falls on me. I can't sleep any more, and Pepper isn't here to help and it's all just fucking building up and I can't deal with it. I feel like I'm going to explode.”
Tony was pale, “Steve, no-”
“Tony? You in here?”
Bruce gave a subtle smile, Steve seemed to be talking to himself more than him now, which is exactly what he needed to be happening. The others had trusted him with this task, he wasn't going to let them down while they were handling Tony.
“I think I know what’s going on here,” he shouted over the music before leaving the room to go and find his absent teammate.
“Just as long as you didn't let me get through your defences,” Tony replied, with a suggestion of cheeky smile.
The two men laughed as the sun beamed dappled green through the leaves. Steve sighed and lay back on the blanket, hands behind his head and a big smile on his face. Tony moved to lie with his head on Steve's chest, hands clasped over his arc reactor. After a moment of lying silently, completely content, Steve moved to intertwine his fingers with Tony's.
Steve was right in front of him now, and lay a hand on Tony's arm, “No, I... I want to see it, if that's ok?”
“The only thing those scars say to me is that you're strong. You've made it through things where any lesser man would have failed. You've turned yourself around, and you've proven to the world a thousand times over that Tony Stark is a good man. A strong man. A man willing to sacrifice himself for others. No one could ever call that weak.”
Tony's eyes didn't open, “That's just the sex talking, it always happens the first time.”
“Everything ok?” Steve asked, just to make sure.
Steve looked at all of them in turn, “
“I do not understand why they do not just confess their feelings to one another. Midgardians seem so afraid of entering a courtship.”
“Keeping the bots company?” she asked, looking over to DUM-E who was greatly enjoying the absent minded head scratches from the blond haired man.
Tony waved his hand, “It's fine. You and Jane need a place to get away from stuff. There's great hunting in the mountains around the house as well.”
“Wanna come in for a coffee?” he asked with a glint in his eye as they broke apart.
He was jarred out of his happy wanderings by a sharp sound he knew well, and some not-quite-well-enough-hidden whimpering. He flinched as he remembered being on the receiving end himself. He looked across the street and saw a kid hunched in a protective position, flinching away from the woman with her hand raised. He must only have been 12 at the oldest. As he debated walking over, not wanting someone to misunderstand his approaching a young boy, the child looked over and caught his eye. His eyes widened. Bruce took that as his cue.
And suddenly Tony was being pushed back on his feet, not understanding what was happening. He felt hands around his face and lips pressed desperately to his before he realised. After the initial shock, he relaxed and pushed back into the kiss, wrapping his arms hard around Steve’s back and head, pulling him in towards him. He felt himself taking steps as Steve pushed him backwards into the workbench. Tony groaned as Steve’s body pressed hard against his, and his hands started pulling up the hem of Tony’s shirt. He helped and it was quickly over the top of his head and on the floor as the kiss became more desperate and searching. Suddenly he was lifted onto the workbench, Steve in between his legs and pressing him backwards with want. Tony’s hands searched and began pulling Steve’s own shirt upwards.
Steve sat in the car, wondering where the driver was taking him. He was under orders from Tony not to reveal his destination. Steve was wearing one of his new shirts, a pair of simple light coloured pants and his leather jacket.
Steve felt his heart break before responding softly, “You know why, Tony.”
“Night Steve,” he said, smiling.
Tony put the glass down and wandered over to the large display screen, “Well I wanted to start at the beginning. So far I've got to the point where it's pretty obvious Fury and... and Coulson didn't know what was going on. God, Coulson would be so
Tony's eyebrows shot up in surprise and Steve realised what he said, “Uhh... yeah, so that's out there now,” he said as his ears started to redden. “I guess it's revelation season.”
Complex engineering diagrams and notes popped up on the screen, JARVIS ran a number through across the next few minutes, and showed them from a 360 degree angle.
“Then I find out that everything I became, the suit, was in danger because people thought I was still the man I had been. I was dying, but the only thing people cared about is that they could get a shiny new way to kill people out of me. So I did the only thing I could. I tried to self-destruct, without taking everyone with me. I had nothing left, I didn't care, and it scared me so I hurt myself because I had nothing left. I pushed away Rhodey and I pushed away Pepper. I didn't have anyone else.”
“I told you to stay here,” he forced out between clenched teeth.
“If you don’t, I’m just going to stay sick,” Tony said softly, “The arc reactor was never made to deal with a rust problem. Which is something I’m going to fix in the next upgrade because holy hell, this sucks. The structure of the external casing has been compromised, Steve, and it’s only going to get worse. Eventually this dying thing in my chest,” he tapped his rusted, flaking reactor, “Is going to fizzle out. Or possibly explode. And it’ll take me with it. If you don’t help me with this then I probably won’t make it out of this hospital.”
“Hi Tony. Just thought I'd bring you some dinner.”
. He needed a cold shower for more reasons than one.
Thor piped up, “I do not know why you Midgardians are so reserved when it comes to courtships. It is a great compliment to be considered worthy to be someone's mate!”
“Well I am anyway.”
Steve smiled and patted Bruce on the shoulder, looking him in the eye with gratitude before turning back towards the door of the church.
“Yeah well, Cap, you're always the one who gets the cool combo shots with Thor and Tony,” Natasha looked at him with a twinkle in her eye.
The bots began to advance and Natasha started shooting. She managed to take two down while retreating, their armour was thick and was continuously being upgraded against their weapons every time they fought.
Bruce stood nervously at the front of the church beside a fidgeting Steve, looking around at the others standing in the pews. The rest of the Avengers sat smiling and joking with each other, Pepper and Coulson chatting happily about something or other. Nick Fury and Maria Hill looking slightly less serious that usual, maybe the hint of a smile gracing their faces. Other SHIELD agents the team had grown close to over the years they'd worked together. Bruce found it slightly against character that Tony Stark would be ok with such an intimate ceremony, but he'd do anything to please Steve, and Bruce got the impression he was almost relieved they kept it to close friends – family - only. Inside he was a hopeless romantic. Especially when Captain America was involved.
Tony looked intently at a finger as he picked at the broken and ragged skin around the nail, “At least I am going to have some really kickass scars out of all of this. Chicks dig scars, doncha know? Well, of course you do, you fought in the war.” Tony flapped his hands dismissively, “Though you don’t really get scars. Bah, you know what I mean.”
Tony put every ounce of his memories and pain into the punching bag as the sweat poured off of his forehead. He paused to pull his soaked shirt off and drop it on the floor before going back to working the bag. He let out a scream as he threw a punch with all of his energy. At that moment he heard something move behind him. He whirled around, arms up defensively.
“You're what?”
Steve could recognise a lie from Tony easily, and Tony knew it. Steve moved towards him, a curious look in his eye. “Nothing? Really?” He picked up a tool and inspected it innocently, “I mean, surely you wouldn't fly in that thing if it had any real weaknesses, but I guess you just mustn't be as good at catching them any more.” He glanced at Tony and saw a tenseness in his shoulders. He knew he'd won. “I mean, I could take a look and check for yo-”
Steve looked around a little more urgently before almost running into DUM-E who appeared right beside him, camera in his claw. Steve's face softened as he took his camera and examined it for damage. It was fine. As he turned to sit back down he absent-mindedly patted DUM-E on what would be the top of his head, “Thanks DUM-E.”
Steve visibly relaxed as he padded along to the lab. When he arrived he saw Tony with a huge grin on his face turn to face him.
Clint lay in the hospital bed, sweat beading on his forehead. Natasha had finally left to get some sleep, so Bruce took over the shift in his room. He hadn't been there long, but he knew something wasn't right. They hadn't been able to get Barton to a secure SHIELD facility due to the nature of his injury, and they couldn't move him quite yet. Usually he didn't let any sign of injury show through, he hated being stuck in bed, but now he was actively showing signs of pain. Which means it must be bad. Very bad.
Steve was sitting in Tony’s lab when the alert went out. He immediately moved to get to his uniform and get to the Quinjet. He stopped and turned on the staircase when he saw Tony following.
The door clicked open, “I feel it apt to inform you that that Sir is currently about to begin tests on the device,” came JARVIS’ reply through the speakers.
Tony was chest deep inside his armour as Steve walked into the lab. He heard Steve openly laugh before pulling himself out of the torso.
“So, where you wanna go?”
“Uhh... yeah, sure,” came Tony's unsure response.
Steve took to his camera like a fish to water, it wasn't often you saw him without it somewhere nearby. His natural artist ability seemed to transfer well, and he had an intuitive understanding of how to produce a good shot. The cabinets in the kitchen slowly got covered with photographs of the team, whether engrossed in a movie, training or partying. They were never safe. Steve's favourite shots, however, were captured one evening in December.
Natasha fired the taser, hoping that it would make its mark, but a strong gust of wind caught the prongs, carrying them away from the target. Natasha cursed again, dropping the taser and drawing her gun.
“Don't tell anyone, please,” Tony murmured, Steve again feeling privileged that he was trusted enough to see Tony's innermost feelings.
Tony was too exhausted from his nightmare filled sleep to even protest the contact, “I'm fine Steve. Really. I'm just... working through some stuff.”
, though. You won’t mess it up, I’ll talk you through it. You can do this. Please, do it for me?”
With a tip off from Clint he rounded the corner to fire through another group of bots. There weren't many left, the streets were littered with their remains. Then he heard a strange noise come across the comm from Steve.
Tony turned to him, “Us?”
“Well, if you insist,” came the faux-resigned reply of Clint. “I mean, if you
“Come on,” he said softly, “You can spare a bite to eat before you test it. It’ll still be there when you’re finished eating.”
Sleeping together became a regular thing for Steve and Tony, Steve’s presence obviously comforted the troubled man. Tony’s sleeping had become much more regular and much less distressed.
“Ahh,” Steve smiled, “That would explain your reaction. You know, until Br-someone pointed it out to me I didn't even think you saw me as more than a friend. I guess I thought Tony Stark wouldn't be interested in some old fashioned soldier like me.”
Steve smiled at him before running off into the fray and tackling Tony into a snow bank. Bruce snapped some pictures as they both got up laughing and brushing snow out of their hair. Steve leant over and kissed Tony before throwing a snowball at Clint who had been trying to sneak up on them.
Steve, internalising the sudden surge of adrenaline, replied softly “Sure.”
Tony shot up and screamed. His eyes looked around in panic, chest heaving, before he saw Steve sitting on the edge of the bed, looking at him with concern. His face relaxed with relief and he leaned forward into Steve’s chest, resting his head against one of the strong shoulders. Steve gently wrapped his arms around Tony’s sweat-slicked body.
“Tony, don’t you dare,” Steve rumbled as he started to jog towards the figures.
Steve let out a laugh, looked at his two spy friends, and then couldn’t hold back the giggles.
Tony jolted. “Who?” he tried to ask innocently. He knew his face betrayed him.
“Shit, sorry. I know this thing freaks people out, give me a sec to cover up.”
“Planning to kidnap me Rogers?”
Tony froze. Steve froze. He watched, seeing Tony’s shoulders start to heave as his breathing became harder and harder.
“Whoa,” Steve said, “It's just me.”
This time it was Steve who was surprised. “But... Pepper?”
Steve gave Tony a pointed look, “If you keep picking at those nails I am going to tape your fingers up.”
Natasha and Clint guarded the door, holding back the nurses and doctors as Tony’s alarm went off.
Steve couldn't read Tony's expression, but his heart was beating loudly in his ears. After everything that had happened in the last few weeks, what did he have to lose? “Sure, it's a date.”
He stopped outside a door.
“Me neither,” came Steve’s small voice as he buried his head against the smaller man’s shoulder. Clint wrapped his arms around him and tried to hold back his own tears as Steve sobbed against him.
As they all filtered out of the room when the movie was done Steve and Tony disappeared, Tony moving his hands excitedly as he described a new invention that Steve just had to see. Thor sighed as the rest of them moved the empty bowls and wrappers through to the kitchen.
“Well, this is me Cap,” he said, turning to look up at Steve, not letting go of his hand. There was a pause before Steve leant down and kissed him. He pulled away quickly, almost looking surprised at himself. Tony smiled, wrapped his hand around the back of his head and pulled him back down for deeper, longer kiss.
aren’t now.” He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration, “I can’t lose you again! Don’t get yourself killed just after we got you back.”
“Just don't ignore this, Tony. Please.”
Steve, Bruce and Thor visibly stiffened, Clint and Natasha showing their training by not reacting.
“Tony and I are gonna walk,” Steve said as the others filed out of the room.
Natasha put a hand on his shoulder as she looked at the sketches. They were all of Tony in some way or another. Leaning over a workbench, patting a bot on the head, mid-explanatory gesture...
Tony looked like he was going to protest, but thought better of it. “If you say so, Cap,” he said chirpily and almost bounced off the couch. “Maybe I'll get JARVIS to give you a course.” He smiled as Steve fixed him with an amused expression. He paused for a moment before coming up with an excuse to leave, “I need to get back to the lab. Something top secret in development specially to confuse you.”
“My saviour,” he slurred, smiling, “You wanna go dinner wi' me sometime?”
Tony’s eyes brightened with relief, “Thank Christ, I am so glad I am clever enough to keep back-ups. I hope DUM-E didn’t threaten you
More missions went by, more bad guys trying to take the world by force. They seemed to be showing up more regularly now that the media had started questioning where one of their major players had got to. There was only so much damage control Pepper could do, releasing statements that Tony was busy with other projects. Stocks in Stark Industries were starting to slip as investors began to worry about what was going on.
“I can take over for a while if you want,” he said.
Tony and Steve looked at each other, Tony squeezing Steve's hand.
“For God’s sake, couldn’t he have tried to be careful just once? At least if he’d been kidnapped we’d have a ransom note or something to go off of! This is all his own fault and we don’t have anywhere to start!” he kicked a chair across the room, and then felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked at Thor who had moved to stand beside him.
Bruce looked up at him and nodded sharply. Steve offered him a hand up and the two men walked to stand by the ramp of the Quinjet.
Steve turned to lean against the bar, “Well, these people aren't your friends. I couldn't care less if you were Tony Stark or John Smith from the street.”
He leaned forward into the kiss he'd almost died for.
Steve looked slightly concerned, “No Tony, what?”
“Exactly, he is-
“As a matter of fact, more than ok,” Tony said, moving around the work bench to stand beside something small and technological looking, his expression puppy-like with excitement. He picked up the object, “I made you something.”
“What, me? I'm offended!”
Tony reddened a little, “Uh, nothing. Yeah, just tinkering.”
Tony was wiping the oil off his hands, “What's up, Cap?”
Tony stood and rubbed at his wrists where the rope had rubbed, “Yes, apparently all de-briefings now consist of me being tied to a chair and humiliated for half an hour.”
“You don't seem to be enjoying yourself,” Steve smiled at him, knowing full well Tony hated these events.
As they stopped, Bruce went down to investigate what turned out to be a large-ish box. He carefully carried the box back up to the car, before opening it in front of Tony. Five very young kittens were mewing and clambering on top of each other. They had obviously not been cared for by whoever had tried to get rid of them so callously. Bruce put the box down on the passenger seat.
Steve leaned into his microphone, taking a deep breath to calm himself, “With all due respect ma’am, that has nothing to do with the situation today.”
Steve swallowed, “I don’t know.” He took a deep breath and looked at their expectant faces, “And neither does JARVIS.”
“I greatly appreciate this gift, friend Stark,” Thor intoned.
He carefully ran his fingers across the entire surface of the reactor.
One morning Steve was getting ready for a PR shoot, standing in the kitchen with his uniform on making himself some toast. He heard the door open.
“Tony, stop the car,” Bruce said in a carefully calm voice.
Steve didn't even try to catch Tony's attention, he just left the plate of dinner on the worktop near him like he had done the last couple of weeks. As he left the lab he looked back at Tony, totally absorbed in whatever his latest project was. He smiled.
Bruce stood outside the entrance to the hospital, he knew he needed to calm himself down before he caused more trouble than he would ever like to. He sat on the wall breathing deeply and calmly, until he spotted a sign in front of one of the parking spots which held a new Mercedes. It was the doctor's name.
He rose from his chair and leaned over to check Clint's chart. It seemed the doctor just hadn't visited him today, at all. Bruce's brow furrowed, and he looked at Clint who was now obviously in a lot of pain. He walked around to the side of the bed and took Clint's hand.
Laughing faces filled the screen, Tony hanging from the arm wrapped around Steve’s shoulders. Their eyes were creased with mirth as Tony pulled a funny face at the camera. The pictures changed, this time showing an armoured Iron Man, uniformed Captain America and Hulk chucking New York’s rubble heaps into stone crushers and flatbed trucks as the cleanup hit full force. It had taken months and months of hard work to even notice progress had been made, even with the Avengers and SHIELD helping as much as they could. Now the images displayed Clint trying to teach Thor how to play Twister. Quite a lot of alcohol had been consumed that night, and Thor was both enjoying himself thoroughly while still being frustrated at how easily Clint hit every combination. Soon it was Tony and Steve’s turn. It ended quickly as Tony tried to stretch over Steve to reach a tile but being too short to reach, instead the two men landing in a giggling heap.
Tony sat up to lean over Steve, “And I've loved you since I first saw you.”
“Sir. I have found some information which may be of interest to you.”
“Well, there's always one of the apartments here if you want. I'm usually the only one around all the time since Pepper left, but it would at least give you somewhere to crash.”
The team all rode home together, exhausted and happy. Tony leant against Steve's shoulder in the car, half asleep. As they arrived at the tower Steve gently shook Tony's shoulder to wake him properly and they walked hand in hand into the tower, Tony still a little slow.
“I know,” Steve said quietly, putting a hand on Bruce's knee gently.
The alert rang through the tower, Avengers Assemble. The team scrambled for their kit, picking up shields, holstering guns, shoving in earpieces. As they ran into the Quinjet Cap started his customary team check.
Tony deflated a little, “I'm ok. The punching bag is a good therapist.”
“Sir, it is in regards to your parents.” JARVIS paued, “In regards to their deaths.”
“I mean, it was the least I could do,” he turned to face Tony, his face becoming more serious. “You know we… we were really starting to think you were gone forever. Maybe dead. I didn’t think I was ever going to see you again and it…” he sighed. “It was really awful. Spending time in your workshop helped me pretend I was close to you. I kept thinking of everything I wished I said before you were gone, and then even when you got back I still couldn’t say.” He looked into Tony’s eyes with what seemed to be a trace of guilt.
Steve looked pained, “I can't expect you to pay for all of this.”
“Doombots, spotted in Seattle. Why Doom chose Seattle this time I don’t know, but at least NY and DC are getting a break.”
“Tony, what happened to your shoulders?”
Steve started to pace the lab, “You know, I almost didn't make it. It was the last switch to turn the system off, all I could think about was how many people were going to die, how you were going to die, and through all of that I had to switch it in seconds while Bucky tried to kill me.”
Tony must have been on the floor for a good ten minutes, if not longer, just crying. Steve just sat there, his presence letting Tony know he wasn't going through this alone and that he would be there for him. As Tony calmed down and wiped the tears from his cheeks, Steve stood up and held out a hand. Tony looked up at him, paused for a moment before grabbing Steve's wrist and pulling himself up.
“Sorry,” came the chorus back.
Steve couldn’t help but smile back, Tony’s enthusiasm was very contagious. “So explain this thing to me again,” he said, knowing the answer he was going to get back.
There was another squeal of pain and fury as Hawkeye hit his mark again.
Tony stopped scratching at his peeling nose as he saw Steve. It had taken him almost ten seconds, Steve noted.
They both stood, too exhausted to talk about what had happened. Sharing the pain of the revelations, knowing that once again their lives had changed forever.
“Certainly sir,” JARVIS replied, and Tony could swear he heard a new tone in his voice.
Steve took a deep breath in, trying to control the bile he felt rising in his throat. This was bad.
Steve could hear Tony before he saw him, hearing his half of a conversation from the room. He opened the door to find Tony talking into his earpiece and wriggling in a chair.
He sat back, “I think that should be enough for today.” He slicked his hair back from his forehead and helped Tony sit up. “Good session.”
“There he goes!” Hawkeye exclaimed. “Christ, be careful!”
“Some backup would be nice guys!” she said through the comms, alerting the rest of the team that she was in very serious trouble.
“JARVIS, turn the music to full,” he said as he tried to get back into his work.
Bruce was working hard on a better triangulation of the arc reactor's signal. It was damn difficult, he couldn't get the area smaller than ‘South America’, and even that had taken him days. Of course Tony had to go missing while all of the other geniuses who could have helped were away on long projects. Reed, Strange... none of them were available. He took long, deep breaths, trying to fill his head with calculations and data, trying new set-ups, new work arounds. He glanced back at the screen, back at his work, before what he saw sank in and he slowly looked back up at the screen. The signal was fading. Slowly, but surely, over the last week it had been obvious it was disappearing. Bruce slapped the side of the monitor and muttered. He was holding onto hope that the systems were faulty. The faint signal finally winked out. It was gone. He was gone.
Tony cut him off mid sentence, a mischievous glint his eye, “Let me brag, Cap. I, the masterful and genius Tony Stark, have only managed to build you a punching bag you can't break.”
His heart was beating fast as Steve gently leant a couple of fingers against the reactor.
“Hey, I'm wearing jeans. You'll get away with a leather jacket, it's vintage,” Tony smiled.
to come back.”
“Yep.”
He willed himself on, stopping to drink some water from a cupped leaf. He closed his eyes and scratched at one of his sore spots. Suddenly he froze as he heard an unfamiliar but tantalising sound. The rumble of an engine and the clanking of metal. He shook his head to make sure he wasn't hallucinating, and for a few seconds longer he heard that distant, hopeful noise.
Tony broke the silence as they got in the private elevator to the top suits of the tower, still holding hands, both hearts racing like they were in middle school with their first crushes.
“As I told you already, SHIELD does not have the resources to search every god damn inch of that forest!” he shot back. “Do you have any idea how large the area you’re asking us to recon is? It would take years – decades to find someone in there, and that’s assuming it’s actually possible.”
Ten minutes later he handed a whimpering Tony a freshly smashed pile of metal and electronics.
Steve cocked an eyebrow at him, “Like I'd do that, Stark. You're not going to stop gloating for a week.”
Steve sighed and stopped pacing, leaning against a worktop, “So you didn't get that far.” He paused, trying to figure out how to explain what had happened. “Have you ever heard of the Winter Soldier?”
Steve walked into the lab but couldn't see Tony. Worry kicked in a little as he called out to his friend.
Natasha smiled and all hope was lost, “Yes.” The three team mates sauntered out of the room, leaving Tony tied to the chair.
They spent the rest of the night talking and laughing. Steve told Tony some of his funnier stories from his time with The Howling Commandos while Tony told of his tamer escapades at MIT, including the creation of DUM-E.
Natasha gave him a playful punch on the arm, smiling, “
Natasha crept silently towards the figure standing atop the observation level. She kept her balance despite the buffeting winds, her hair drawn into a tight ponytail to prevent it blowing across her eyes and obscuring her vision. As she neared she drew the taser from her belt, holding it in front of her. One of Stark’s tinkerings, he swore this taser would be able to knock Doom out for long enough to neutralise him. She concentrated on her aim, the wind was gusting strongly and she needed to get him first try. Suddenly there was a crash and she was knocked forwards off her feet. She recovered with a front roll and came back up her to feet quickly, taser outstretched. She cursed in Russian as the bots formed a wall in front of her.
“I love you.”
“Thanks for saving me Cap,” he said, all suave and cool on the outside, turmoil on the inside, “But I gotta go re-programme JARVIS' loyalty core.”
“Quinjet. Now. And alert SHIELD medical we are going to need them in the next couple of hours and they better be ready.”
“It's... It's embarrassing.”
Steve burst into the lab, cold fury in his face.
“So, enjoy your vacation?” he smiled wanly, desperately wanting to have normal back.
Bruce stared at the screen, just stared. Mind blank. His vision went white, he felt like the earth was spinning and the floor was melting under his feet. He felt a hand on his shoulder.
Steve tried to quell the jump in his heart that he'd come accustomed to since his feelings for Tony had developed to more than friendship. “See you at the door in 45.”
Tony looked at Steve, “Are you sure you're not cold? You're not exactly dressed for the weather.”
Steve's heart began to beat faster in his chest, “JARVIS, it's Steve. I need to see Tony, let me in please?”
“I’m really grateful for all you guys. Thanks for... well, putting up with me.”
“Let’s go home,” he said, quietly.
“You're not a mess, Tony. You're a genius. Sometimes it can be hard to distinguish, but you're one of the strongest men I know.”
“We’re nearly there,” came Natasha’s clipped voice from the cockpit. Steve almost jumped out of his seat, walking over to look out of the windows. He could see the sprawling grid of the town surrounded by fields past the tree line of the Amazon forest. He took a deep breath, they would be landing in a couple of minutes. He walked over to Bruce.
Natasha leaned in towards him, “You ask him out, or we'll tell him ourselves.” The threat came through loud and clear, chilling Tony to the bone. Now he had no choice.
Both of them spent so much time worrying about Friday they forgot about Thursday.
Steve was worried about Tony. He was still out of sorts, but despite his offer, he just wouldn't talk to Steve about it. He wished he could make him feel better, but you can't get anything out of Tony Stark he doesn't want to give you. After that morning in the kitchen with the fridge incident all of the Avengers had begun to notice Tony seemed to be a little less aware of his surroundings than usual. He'd trip on the corner of a rug, or he'd walk into a door frame while doing something on his StarkPhone. He just didn't seem to be quite all there. Any attempt to talk to him about it was met with “I'm just tired”, “I'm working on something, that's all” or “I'm fine”. When Steve asked the other team members about it he just got shrugs back, or they all exchanged knowing looks and left him in the dark. Then came the day it just couldn't be ignored any longer.
“I wasn't expecting you to actually say yes, you know,” he said, looking at Steve.
“Of course,” Steve replied softly.
Bruce looked at Tony thoughtfully. “A few months ago I would have thought you were buying us out-”
Tony found himself tied to a chair in the tower.
Tony smiled at him, amused. “I’ll wear safety goggles, just for you.”
He couldn't get that sentence out of his head, what had passed between them in that moment. Steve had put up with Tony's shit for months, because he was a loyal friend and good guy. Tony wasn't sure if he was reading too far into that sentence through wishful thinking, or if Steve really did possibly have feelings for him. The thoughts and mental arguments rushed around inside his head at a million miles per hour. He clutched to the hope that Steve could want him, even after he'd seen right into Tony's broken soul. Maybe someone still did love him. He shook his head to empty those thoughts, he needed to be concentrating on the battle at hand. He made a mental note to talk to Steve once they got back and straighten things out, apologise for being a brat. At that moment he heard Steve shout through the comm.
