He was embarrassed, and defensive, John could see that, and he mentally kicked himself for being so bloody tactless. Yes, it was a chink in Sherlock’s impeccable armour, but that only served to make him more endearingly human and not some teenage super-wizard after all.
Unadorned I looked well enough, tall for my age with long, lean limbs a little angular and awkward still but strong and gently muscled. My face I thought too long with eyes too high-set and narrow that appeared to alter from the storm-grey of a wind tossed ocean to the blue of a summer sky in accordance with my mood. That all this should be pleasing to look upon was a notion of great strangeness and curiosity to me, but not unwelcome and it would be true to say that such singular blessings as I possess have proved the architect of great pleasure and fortune rendering any affectation of modesty disingenuous.
Vic couldn’t move fast enough, he was practically a blur as he bolted into Sherlock’s room, whipping the towel off before he even made it through the door.
He pressed harder with the metal pipe at the nape of his neck, hoping desperately that in the adrenaline rush it felt enough like the barrel of a gun to fool this meat- head for long enough.
“Are you okay Sherlock?....how long…do you need…? Oh god, sorry I really don’t know what I should be saying, doing….talk to me for fuck’s sake Sherlock”.
“John, for fuck’s sake man, just leave it, come on”, Greg shouted, jogging to catch up with him he was moving so fast, almost running now. Victor had moved round the bonnet, standing at the other side to put a ton of solid, bright red car between them like the coward he was.
“Lift” he ordered and Sherlock raised his arse just enough for John to drag them part way down his legs, his flushed erection springing free for the second time that night. Zero to hard in the time it would take to say ‘fuck me’ apparently. Right…no pants…forgot about that for a second.
Oh Christ, they meant Sherlock but…they hadn’t found him, just John on his own, but they were out looking right now. Trent, the meat-head from the other night, American like this one too, if they caught him what the hell would they do? He jerked against the restraint, huffing out an angry breath through his nose.
“Come, leave him be,” I said, tugging impatiently at the sleeve of his coat. “Let us not forget our true purpose here, it is almost the appointed hour”.
Sherlock decided to ignore that last comment. His past was a mess, he knew that, but he had been clean for months now. The only thing he wanted from Trent today was information. Ever since the altercation last night, involving Mrs Hudson, he had been gripped with the feeling that change was afoot somehow. The usual people were not in their usual places. Sherlock was intrigued. He decided to press his luck.
‘Not for me.’ Sherlock raised a hand to call a taxi, his mouth twisting in a wry smile as he shook his head. Pale eyes sparkled, making John’s stomach swoop and his heart thud in his chest. ‘For us.’
'I know. It's just...' He shrugged, putting a large ready-meal in the microwave and setting the timer. 'It all felt so out of my control. Like I had no say in what was going to happen until right at the end, and even then –' John sucked in a breath, feeling the certainty of his decision wash over him anew. Between Mary and Sherlock, there had been no contest.
The glass wall behind Sherlock meant John could see the room in the ghostly reflections. Now and then, one of Dimmock’s guys would come and take another student, no doubt to gather their statement before releasing them back to the university at large. Several of the girls were crying into their sleeves. The boys looked grim and baffled, as if their neat, safe world had been ripped apart. Even the few studying were struggling to concentrate, chewing pens or scrubbing at their eyes.
He remembered when Sherlock had died, how for so many months any tall man in a dark coat had been him. A glimpse of shadow in the corner of his eye had John chasing strangers down the street, desperate to find the friend he had lost. That's all this was: him seeing the impossibly familiar. That couldn't be Mary watching him and Rosie more than three weeks after he'd buried her ashes in the cold ground.
Nothing stood out at him in the evening sunlight. No suspicious characters loitered in their cars, and the Fiat 500 was nowhere in sight. He would love to think that meant Rosie was somehow off-limits to these people, but he refused to be so naive.
'An optimistic belief,' Sherlock paced over to his armchair, turning it to face Mary and settling in its depths, steepling his fingertips in front of his lips as he observed her over their peak. He had spent too long refusing to observe her truths. He would not spare her the edge of his observations again. 'Also, a lie. You knew they would not give up. That was never your intention. In fact, I don't believe you wanted to escape Harmattan: at least, not all of them.'
Before, they’d seemed special, different. Yesterday he would have bet everything he had they were the way Sherlock’s human power manifested itself. Yet now John knew more, he saw them in a different light. They were nothing to do with magic or enchantments. They were just Sherlock: perhaps, after all this, they were the most human thing about him.
The cough of the silencer, the glitter of gunshot residue, and Mary throwing herself into harm's way.
And now all he could think about was the other day, when he had come a hair’s breadth from kissing Sherlock, from making all this nebulous possibility into something concrete. Instead, he had backed off, backed down, lost his courage and kept his distance like a complete and utter pillock.
Mummy Holmes had been beside herself with joy. She did not give care a jot about genetics and the fact Rosie was not actually related to her. She was Sherlock’s not-officially-but-might-as-well-be adopted daughter, and therefore she was a Grandchild. Worthy of the capital letter and everything.
Sherlock’s sleep-roughened voice purred over his words, and John smiled as he saw a gleam of silver between the dark line of his lashes. He should have known that Sherlock would catch him. After all, he noticed everything.
Instinctively, Sherlock reached out, his hand covering John's where it lay on the table. John's knuckles twitched, warm and strong beneath his touch. A quick twist on John's part, and they were palm-to-palm, his fingers woven between Sherlock's own.
She was kneeling beside him on the pavement, indifferent to the state of her hosiery. A hand braced his shoulder and she was pressing something to his temple, soaking up the blood. She looked how he felt: sick and scattered.
He could put that to one side – would, in a moment, if John required it – but perhaps now, while John was asleep, he should take the time to look after himself. After all, he wanted to be at full strength to help John through his recovery.
'Oh, that's very hard for you. Poor dears. Marco from next door said he can keep us supplied, though. He can drop whatever groceries you need down here, and I can bring them up to the flat’s front door.'
'All right.' John ducked his head, biting his lip as he considered his options. 'I'm going to see what I can do downstairs. Maybe I can set up something to give us a bit more warning if anyone tries to break in.'
And how had he repaid Sherlock for his dedication? By blaming him for Mary's death because he was a convenient target. By expecting Sherlock to be faultless while the woman he loved revealed herself to be a stranger with a familiar face. By lashing out because he knew Sherlock would not crumple under the weight of his anger and guilt and grief.
Moriarty tried to fight, but Sherlock’s influence was too strong. All he could do was cling to his dignity as he sauntered towards the door, all artifice and louche indifference. It must be costing him a lot not to just run for it, because he might be sharp and he might be clever, but even John could see Moriarty had nothing on Sherlock.
Never, in all his life, would Sherlock forget the tempest of horror and embarrassment that briefly shattered Mycroft’s composure. His brother was not one to swear, but Sherlock could almost hear his internal litany of curses.
Around them, the dappled sunlight dimmed, blotted out by the gathering clouds. They robbed the world of its warmth, and John shivered, reaching for Rosie and getting clumsily to his feet. 'I think it's time to go in. You, little miss, need a bath before dinner.' He blew a raspberry against Rosie's neck, and Sherlock winced as she screamed in delight. From the outside, it was a blissful scene. No one seeing it would ever imagine the pain and strife the two Watsons had struggled through – and continued to fight even now.
Before he could look closer, Sherlock stepped back. His fingers trailed the wing of John's collar before he tilted his head towards the door. 'Come on. Let's see what we can find to support your theory.'
Not a single denial slipped free from her. There were no cries of "Impossible!" Instead, Norbury looked as if she had been punched in the gut, robbed of air and confidence in one fell swoop.
John admired the sharpness of his cheekbones and the striking contrast of his curls, the fullness of the lips and strength of his shoulders. He looked like a bloody work of art: one that John could touch.
John set mugs of tea down on the coffee table, handing Sherlock his next dose of painkillers before perching on the arm of Sherlock's chair, close enough to feel the warmth of him through the coarse weave of his jumper. 'Thank you,' he murmured, nudging Sherlock with his elbow to include him in his gratitude. 'It means a lot to me that you're willing to have us. If – if it doesn't work out –'
'Let's see what the reports tell us,' he murmured, rubbing a soothing hand down John's spine and up again, lulling him with the simple, repetitive motion as he turned them a fraction. With John's face buried in his shoulder, he was unable to watch Rosie, so Sherlock would take over that duty, observing her explorations as he continued to speak. 'Data, John. Speculating on Mary's actions and motives is useless without it.'
Rosie laughed, a happy bubble of sound as John nudged Sherlock with his foot in soft admonishment. That had been yesterday’s loud, horrified argument. Sherlock’s reassurance that it was a blunt scalpel really had not helped matters.
A faint frown cinched Sherlock's brow, darkening the shadows that pressed their marks beneath his eyes. His clothes, casual and baggy, reminded John of finding Sherlock back in that bloody drug-den, high as a kite. At least this time, his gaze seemed clear of any stupor and no stubble lined his jaw. He may look tired and scruffy, but he was not nearly so unkempt: a disguise, then, rather than anything else.
Sherlock looked down at the fingers clasping his, John's skin tanned against the pallor of his own. It was not a gesture shared in the adrenaline of the chase, nor in the well of grief. Instead, it was deliberately made, and Sherlock's heart surged in his throat as he gave his answer.
A sob pulsed in John’s throat, and he put his hand over his mouth, stifling it behind his knuckles as a tear tumbled over his lashes. It was another breach in the dam, even Sherlock could see that much, and he gently set Rosie aside, making sure she was safe before climbing to his feet and pulling John from the chair and into his embrace.
Sherlock turned to him, all glorious affront with the wind ruffling his hair and playing with the flare of heavy wool at his back. ‘And whose fault is that?’
'Yes. Let's get this over with. Norbury probably suspects a ploy on Mycroft's part to encourage her to divulge the full extent of her treason, using us as intermediaries. Our true line of questioning may throw her off balance. It will be a brief window of opportunity, but one I intend to exploit.'
'They're taking us to a private clinic,' Sherlock explained, his voice steady and calm: a life-raft in a stormy sea. 'It will save a wait in A&E, and we can get ourselves patched up.'
He looked back at these last several days – at the oaths he and Sherlock had given one another under the guise of friendship – and saw the devotion underscoring each of them. Not just on Sherlock's part, but his own. He had meant every promise as solemnly as a wedding vow, and now he couldn't see Mary as anything but a threat to that.
Words would have been best, maybe, but John didn’t have any at his disposal. If he tried to talk – or explain – he’d just make a fucking mess of it. Instead he did what he had wanted to do since that day, all those bloody years ago, when he and Sherlock had been laughing breathlessly in the front hall of Baker Street, high on the chase and life and each other.
'You need to understand that whoever has you under observation will notice a new phone if you use it where you might be seen. We cannot be sure what may cause them to escalate, and what form their escalation might take. Their motivations remain – veiled.' In her lap, her hand twitched, smoothing down the fabric of her skirt.
Mary had stepped in front of that bullet for Sherlock: Sherlock, who John knew had goaded Norbury to the point of no return. God, he hated him. His arrogance and pride, his fucking fallibility. If not for him, Mary would still be alive.
‘By chance,’ Sherlock spat, biting his tongue. He would not berate John for this. It was not John’s fault that there were days when he felt as if everything that made him unique and different was dissolving into mediocrity. ‘We were in the right place at the right time.’
A mirthless laugh erupted from John's throat, skating the knife-edge of hysteria. He barred it behind his teeth, his jaw tense as he gave his head a quick shake. 'I can't do this.' He wasn't sure what he was referring to. Every fibre of his being wanted to not be in this moment, struggling to cope with the enormity of what he
'I'm with Mycroft.' He glanced over at Sherlock's brother who was on his own call, his face an impassive, icy mask as he listened to whatever information one of his minions relayed to him. 'Down near the docklands. Look, Greg. Be careful. Mary's been using explosives as traps and distractions.'
In cases such as these, Sherlock knew most people would fall back on reassurance. They would tell soothing lies in the hopes of easing their friend's emotional distress, but he was not "most people". When it came down to it, neither was John. After all they had been through, all they had shared and fought for together, did he not deserve the basic honesty of the truth?
'Shut up, you.' Greg threw a bit of rice at him, shaking his head. 'God, I wish I'd never asked now. I should have just found an encyclopaedia, but I didn't want to be the creepy bloke looking up anatomy at the library.'
John swallowed, shaking his head as if he could barely believe he was saying such things, but he persevered. 'At least then I could have... I don't know. I'd have been free to mourn the woman I thought I knew, rather than facing the truth of what she is. What she's really capable of. Sometimes I wonder if it's my fault – if I had unrealistic expectations, but...'
With quick movements, he checked everything was locked up behind him and flicked off each light as he went, climbing back to 221B before securing the door in his wake.
‘She is one of the best lawyers in the country: specialising in family law. She owes me a favour. A big one. Mention my name and she’ll help you. No charge.’
'Only a number of explosives and a radio transmitter, no doubt designed to notify Ms Morstan that the devices had been triggered. I do not believe there is any possibility that she does not know what has occurred and who is responsible.' The clink of a glass echoed through the earpiece. 'They were not intended merely to alarm or maim. I have lost several agents tonight. It is safe to say that Ms Morstan has thrown all caution to the wind.'
Truth was, he’d be there right now if he could get over his own damn pride. It was what he wanted, more than anything, but the stubborn knot of anger tightened every time he thought of it. No, he wasn’t ready to forgive Sherlock. Not yet, anyway. He’d rather take the time to get his head on straight before plunging back into that whirlwind of crime and adrenaline and the tight, strange want Sherlock inspired.
She hung up before Mycroft could respond, smart enough to know that letting him get a word in edgeways would only give him the opportunity to prevaricate. Mary set the phone aside, leaning towards one of the computers. Her fingers danced over the keys, calling up security camera feeds across an array of monitors, and Sherlock's heart sank.
Hadn't that been his mantra since he got back to London, at least where John and Mary were concerned? Step-by-step, day-by-day, he had turned a blind eye, pretending he couldn't see the secrets they both wore like a shroud.
'I don't know.' Sherlock's clipped response almost made John smile. Blatant frustration edged his voice: curt and aggravated at the unanswered questions that circled around them. 'However, I have every intention of finding out. Leave it with me, John. For now, the best thing you can do is carry on as normal. '
'Maybe on the couch,' he mumbled, looking around the room. He would be thinking strategically, Sherlock surmised, preferring to be central within the flat rather than out on its edge.  'I suppose even a bit of shut-eye is better than nothing.' He nodded, a decision made, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John busied himself.
Whoever hid behind the mask might have expected a struggle, but they clearly had not anticipated Sherlock's level of skill. Suddenly, all of the stranger's attention was focussed on Sherlock by necessity, locked into a brutal exchange of blows that made the room ring with the chime of steel-on-steel.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, leaning towards John and dropping his voice to a murmur. John tried not to shiver as Sherlock's breath whispered over the shell of his ear. 'The bout at one o'clock, the fighter on the left is struggling to hold their line because the style of the one on the right is –' He paused as if hunting for a suitable word. 'Bordering on barbaric. Strong, certainly, but far more fierce than the sport requires. The force of some of their blows is excessive. I've seen their partner jump swiftly out of the way more than once.'
'What about the files?' John prompted, perching at Sherlock's side and leaning in to read over his shoulder. 'God, your handwriting is a mess.'
For god’s sake, he wasn’t even doing anything particularly sexy, like romancing his violin or brushing his fingertips over his lips. Instead, he was handling the mold of a shoe print found at a crime scene, tracing the ridges and furrows with fascination.
With a hasty nod to himself, he strode over to the equipment trolley, opening a drawer and scooping up a scalpel. He freed it from its packaging in one quick rip and tucked it up his sleeve, blade pointing down towards his hand. It wasn't much – he would prefer his gun – but it would do if push really came to shove.
More to the point, her advice was sound. She knew John well enough to know how he would respond to any and all offers of assistance. Especially from Sherlock, who had been instrumental in Mary's end. Her urgings not to give up hope, not to stand idly by, but to ensnare John in their next adventure were, on the surface, exactly what Sherlock wanted to hear.
'All right. Make sure my phone number's written down. I'm more than happy to reassure or give advice if you or Sherlock need it.'
'Fucking madman more like,' John groused, too tired to put more ire into his words. If he was honest, he could understand Sherlock's respect. It wasn't every day he came across someone who could keep up with him, intellectually speaking. 'What I'm trying to say is, I don't like what you did – I don't like the trick you played, but I know you didn't do it to hurt me. That wasn't your intention.'
His fingers had clenched upon waking, but Sherlock didn't stir. Those dark curls scribbled over the white sheets, and the nape of his neck lay exposed at the top of his collar. The twisted wreck of the duvet hid his face from view, and for one, awful minute, John wondered if Sherlock, too, had fallen ill.
Propping himself against the wall of Baker Street, he waited for Sherlock, his heart racing and his mind spinning with possibilities. He hoped Sherlock had a plan, because John's ideas were all reactive at best. His strategies kept getting stuck on the basics, like "Get Molly out of danger."
'Yes. I can't make any guarantees, but with any luck Baker Street is secure from prying eyes and ears. How about you?'
Harsh words burned the tip of John's tongue: a cold reminder of the vow Sherlock had already broken when Mary died. Yet he choked it back, swallowing it down and burying it deep in his gut, flint-sharp and heavy.
The sudden heat of John's embrace rocked him back on his heels, pinning his arms at his side as he blinked. He'd expected hissed words and refutation. Instead there was John, pressed against him and hugging him tight enough to hurt, his nose digging in to Sherlock's shoulder.
The certainty took him by surprise, even as it filled his heart with heat. Despite everything, if he knew Sherlock were in trouble, he would still come running, and damn the consequences to himself.
Norbury's pale face, already washed out by the harsh fluorescent lights, grew more pinched, her wrinkles deepening as her brow furrowed. Yet there was no flicker of surprise on her features. To John, she almost looked as if she had expected the news. Sherlock had been right; she knew something about what was going on. The question was, how could they get her to give up the details?
Some of the subtle tension humming through Sherlock's body eased away, telegraphing itself through the slump of his shoulders and the tilt of his head: a silent acknowledgement of John's point.
Her breath shuddered through her lips, her gaze growing shuttered. 'There was a third version of the file on the AGRA stick I gave you. I know you burnt it, but I also know Sherlock. I refuse to believe he didn't take a copy when he had the chance. That's why I'm here. If I can get that file and give them the information, then all this will be over. They'll leave us alone.'
'I understand. The same goes for you, though. None of this is your fault.' John held up a hand, stemming any protests Sherlock had to offer. 'Just, promise me that, whatever happens, whatever we do, we do it together? I –' John ducked his head, a faint flush cresting his cheekbones. He reached out, gripping Sherlock's right hand in his left and giving a firm squeeze, as if he could somehow press his words through Sherlock’s flesh and carve them in the bones beneath. 'I don't think I can do it without you.'
Not that he had to go. Since they became a couple, those brief moments of Sherlock’s thoughtfulness had been far more frequent, and he had graciously invited John to sit this one out. Maybe he would have, except he knew how Sherlock could terrorise the staff of Harrods without saying a word – ears pointed, tail-lashing, canines bared in just a fraction of a sneer – and they fell over themselves to please. At least he had been able to spare them the worst of that.
'I lock it up when I go. The kids on this list have access keys.' He dug into his pocket again and handed John a card with "Visitor" stamped bold across its face. 'This is for you, in case you need to stay after I've gone, have a look around, that kind of thing. It'll only work for twenty-four hours though, and only on this campus.'
'Do we even know where she's taking him?' he demanded, grudgingly permitting the medic to do a more thorough job of checking reflexes and pupil dilation.
He set the phone aside and looked around at the sparse smattering of his possessions. He’d tried, in Sherlock’s absence, to make this place a home, but it was a useless effort. Now, at last he was heading back to the one place he really belonged.
'Yes. I understand the appeal of baiting them into action by offering up the file, even if we have no intention of truly surrendering it, but too much remains unknown for me to be even remotely certain of our success. For now, it would be best to bide our time.’
The stairs creaked as John rose to his feet, his hands clenching into quick, nervous fists at his side. Those blue eyes remained downcast, reading God knew what secrets in the grain of the floorboards. The light caught on the hints of silver in his hair, playing among the strands as he closed the distance between them.
'So they're something else. Something like Moriarty?' John's teeth barred tight against the name, even as it slipped free. That's the last thing they needed; Sherlock growing obsessed with some new mad genius hell-bent on taking them down.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel in brief consideration., They were in the fast lane, going just enough over the speed limit to shorten their journey without standing out from the flow of traffic around them. It was obvious that one part of his mind was focussed on the road, the dangers and the demands of the car, while another turned over Molly's simple statement. 'Death certificate?'
It would be the perfect opportunity to claim she had acted with John and Rosie's safety in mind. Sherlock could see the gleam of it in her eye, but for once she seemed to realise that John would not believe her. Whether her family had factored into her decision at all no longer mattered, at least not to John. He had given up on her, and nothing she could say or do would win his heart once more.
'Did she tell the truth about anything?' he whispered, casting Sherlock a furrowed, hopeless look. 'Was it all just a game to her, something to fill her hours now that AGRA had fallen apart? God, did she – did she even stop when she came back to London to start a normal life, or was she still playing both sides, even then?'
'Come on, up you get.' Sherlock's warm hand clasped his own, pulling him upright before looping an arm around his waist. He didn't bully John along, as most people would, but merely presented himself for John to lean on as he saw fit. He permitted him to set the pace, and a fresh flash of gratitude raced through John's frame.
She pursed her lips, shrugging in a coy gesture of amusement. 'Sorry! I knew that wouldn't work. John might be a simple man at the best of times, but he knows me. Knows how to get to me and make me second-guess myself. Besides, as soon as your brother gave away his involvement in this whole affair, it all became painfully clear.'
He shrugged, not sure how to continue. There was something so painfully desperate about it. No one could claim that drinking nutmeg tea was cool or edgy. It was just… sad. The most bizarre cry for help John had ever heard.
He brought up the rear more by necessity than choice, cursing the hole in his thigh and Mary with every uneven stride. More than once his knee threatened to give out under him, but he kept his misery barred behind clenched teeth, determined not to distract either John or the commander from their goal. He might not be able to lead the charge, but he could at least make use of his slower pace to observe their surroundings, noting which doors hung on their hinges, kicked open during the splinter group's search, and which remained resolutely closed.
Mycroft turned to the commander. 'The CCTV is on a closed loop. Taking control of it will give us an advantage by blinding Mary but will alert her to our presence. We need to choose our moment. That is where Doctor Watson comes in. He will recover Sherlock.'
Patience had never been one of Sherlock's virtues. Mycroft knew that well enough, but as the hours slipped by, Sherlock could not help but wonder if his brother was keeping him waiting on purpose. It would not surprise him; Mycroft did like to meddle. He had proved that long ago, and re-confirmed it when he sent Sherlock to this safe-house.
Mary had needed to keep him docile for a fixed amount of time in order to get him here without incident, but why? She had called for John and used Molly as bait. It had seemed so obvious that she would select John as the weak link in the chain – the best place to apply pressure. Now he realised that she had been playing them all along.
Phil cocked his head and blew out a sigh. 'Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Thinks the sun shines out of his own arse, but he's a long way off champion. He wouldn't inherit the title from Millie. That'd be Sasha. Her. Right there.' He pointed to one of the closest fighters. 'Not that she wants it, mind. She's on the medical track. Got enough on her plate. Fencing's a release for her, not a compulsion like it is with some of the others.'
He ate when he remembered, which wasn't very often, and caught himself reaching for the whiskey more times than he would like. He always stopped before pouring a glass. He had Rosie to think of, and he was many things, but he'd never be as much of a bastard as his own father. Besides, it was a slippery slope, one that would ruin more than his own sorry life. No, better to avoid the metaphorical crutches where possible.
Sherlock had to content himself with quick, worried glances as he contemplated the contents of the fridge. Mercifully, there were pre-cooked meals as well as ingredients, and he pulled free what looked like a hearty beef stew, pouring it from the Tupperware into a sauce-pan and flicking on the stove.
'And yet all the evidence points to the contrary. I imagine it began, as most things do, with a seed of potential. Harmattan are an old organisation, skilled, but they, like any other, have new recruits. Younger, happier to take risks and more in touch with a rapidly changing world. The old guard was holding them back and applying pressure to you. Perhaps you shared your plan with few trusted individuals. A way forward for you both.'
He could pull back, if he so wished. John's grip may be firm, but it was not a cage. He lifted his eyes to Sherlock's gaze as if daring him to comment, and Sherlock's breath whispered between his lips, coming from somewhere far deeper in his chest than normal. Butterflies thrashed beneath his navel, filling him with a bubbling cocktail of fear and excitement, dread and anticipation.
Like the pieces of a well-oiled machine, the unit separated, each team fixed upon their task. Only John remained where he was, hunkered tense and anxious in the long grass. There was too much that could go wrong – too many unknowns – and it was impossible to take them all in to account.
The warden's expression took on a pained edge, and John gave a faint huff of amusement. It seemed the man was no more keen to bother Mycroft than he was to oblige Sherlock, and he watched him dither before he made up his mind.
‘Leave it,’ John chided as they walked the corridor of Bart’s, heading for the morgue where Molly and Lestrade were waiting. ‘It’ll never get better if you keep touching it.’
Contrary to John's belief, he did not venture up the stairs on a regular basis, not since those first few weeks when John had laid down the law on the sanctity of personal space. Grudgingly, Sherlock respected the decree, and he'd not set foot over the threshold again except to ferret out John's gun when needed.
'What else?' he croaked, clearing his throat and running his hands down his thighs, banishing the clammy sweat that had sprung up across his palms. 'You mentioned you had found where they were based?'
Sherlock sighed, pressing the heel of his left hand to his eye as he scoured the photos, trying to find what he was looking for. If the shot exited Mary’s body through her back it would require a certain velocity to break through her flesh, and would bring with it a distinctive dispersal pattern that should be dotted on the dark carpet.
'In a bit,' Sherlock promised, resting his hand against John's feverish brow before pulling away. 'Go to sleep. My body's used to going without. Yours, however, needs all the help it can get.'
Rosie’s bedroom door creaked on its hinges. John’s breath fell still in his throat. Panic hummed in his ears, and every muscle locked tight. He felt like prey hiding from some great, unknown beast, cowering in the shadows as he waited for the future to unfurl. The angle of the nightlight meant he couldn't see much through the tiny chink in the wardrobe door, nothing beyond a hint of dark clothing and the shifting shadow of not one, but two invaders.
However unpleasant the revelations about Mary were in the coming days, uncovering them was the right thing to do. It may be tempting to try and shield John from the worst of what he found, yet in doing so he would only cause him harm. John's strength would sustain him, and if it didn't? Sherlock would be there to pick up the pieces. That, he could promise.
'Fair enough.' John tucked the notion away, respecting Greg's wishes. Half of him was tempted to ask Sherlock if he'd noticed anything, but that felt like cheating. Besides, even if he had, Sherlock would probably have deemed it irrelevant and forgotten it a moment later. 'Send me a text tomorrow with your budget and any essentials. We'll see what we can rustle up.'
Their concern did them credit, Sherlock told himself as he clenched his teeth in annoyance. Besides, he could hardly blame Lestrade and Molly for extrapolating from his own past behaviour. No doubt they thought he was meddling where he shouldn't.
'Like you give a shit about that,' John huffed. 'Besides isn't there a saying about horses and stable doors?'
They kissed again, long and slow and deep, exploring and tasting. Sherlock wished he could stand there all day, kissing John and touching his wet slippery skin, but the water had started to run colder and they needed to wash (as if that was the point of sharing a shower).
Two more pubs and three more drinks later they stood on moderately wobbly legs outside another garish neon sign fronting a three-storey glass confection of a building.
Before he had the chance of another close brush with death, they bundled through the door into the warm fuggy atmosphere of their ‘friendly’ local pub. The bar staff visibly blanched when Sherlock walked up to the bar. John just goggled, but not for the same reason as them, when the hell did the lanky bastard ever get the first round in?
"No over-night guests, I might get some sleep tonight, then." He winked, and rose from the sofa with a groan, padded to his room and closed the door to leave Sherlock alone again.
John hissed through gritted teeth, legs heavy over Sherlock’s slender shoulders. He would have to move soon. He added a second and then a third soon after, mesmerised by the sight of his fingers pumping in and out of John’s body.
Sherlock’s deep silky tones vibrated against his throat, sounding as wrecked a he now felt. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips and gripped them tight, the way he knew Sherlock liked, tight enough to hurt before thrusting up and winding his hips, feeling the prickle of pubic hair create delicious friction along his shaft as Sherlock’s balls rubbed against him. His heart pounded in his chest and he heard the rush of blood in his ears as a warm tingling heat slowly travelled down his body, burning in the pit of his stomach. His cheeks felt hot and flushed and small beads of sweat broke out on his brow and upper lip. He wished to god that Sherlock would grab their cocks or something because this was fucking tortuous, a bare minimum of friction.
Every sound was amplified, the tearing off of clothes, jingle of a belt buckle, swish of denim against skin as it slid down his thighs. The rip of the condom wrapper, that slightly tacky sound when he rolled it down his cock and the snap of a cap of lube, the slick liquid drizzling down between squirming arse cheeks.
John’s head snapped up his expression unreadable as their eyes locked. Sherlock held his breath and John scratched his neck, the hint of a purple bruise just visible as the collar of his shirt moved. It mirrored his own. He pressed a finger to the skin under his ear, his heart hammering wildly.
“Hmmm” Sherlock chuckled low and soft as they lay face to face now, blinking lazily at each other in the brightening light, utterly wrecked and debauched.
“Good evening John, what an eloquent greeting, you look somewhat upset…pity, when I saw you out there you looked to be having a wonderful time…oh dear, I wonder what went wrong?”
“Bring me those documents immediately and get me the Czech ambassador on my private line…I need a word”
“But you were wrong?” she said, standing again, the break-time over, but reluctant to leave before they’d finished this, much like him, so they hung back, leaning gently side by side against the table.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock snapped. “I don’t, not at all…I’m just trying to work out what I’m dealing with here, sweet young innocent…or slutty little cock- tease”.
“Since you seem to know it all kid, John is it? You can start by buffing up the crystal out back” said the barman, a short stocky bloke with a short crop of salt and pepper hair and a nose that must have gone a few rounds inside a boxing ring. John looked up guiltily, his attempt to hide his disinterest had not gone unnoticed then. “It’s Sol by the way” the man said, as he tossed a red-checked tea towel at him. John caught it one handed and followed him into the back-room area. He surveyed the so-called crystal, which was, in reality and endless stack of half and full pint glasses, tumblers and champagne flutes fresh from the industrial dish-washer.
We blinked at each other in confusion. John sat up, alert, and as Sarah opened the door a crack he swung out of bed and padded, bare footed, the short distance to meet her. He plucked the letter from her outstretched hand. “Thank you Sarah, if that will be all,” he said, in a voice little sharper than his usual tone, making it clear he wished her to leave, and leave quickly. His eyes remained fixed on the note in his hand. She dropped a quick curtsey, stealing at glance in my direction, failing to hide the hurt in her eyes to be dismissed in such a fashion. It was not like him. Indeed he did not look well, I thought. The rosy flush to his skin, which I had lately put there had drained from his face, and in its place had left a sickly white pallor. John closed the door and leaned heavily against the frame, and but for his bare feet braced firmly on the wooden boards, he may have slid to the ground he appeared so boneless.
“Is he here yet? Are we at the right end because this is the longest fucking street I’ve ever seen in my life”.
“Don’t just stand there…Get him off me Greg, fucking kick him in the nuts for god’s sake”, he croaked out,as Greg looked on, not knowing if this was just another one of his sex games gone wrong, because that had happened more than once, when people didn’t follow the rules or got a bit handsy when they weren’t supposed to.
The next shift at Cream Bar didn’t start till seven, but post-fuck cuddling wasn’t his thing, so he pulled out and rolled over, the condom sliding off and tied in a knot with practised ease. His aim was off and it missed the bin, splatting wetly against the concrete floor instead.
“There is something you might be able to help with though” Sherlock said, drawing her attention back again, “What’s the deal between Miller and Hudson?”
“How perceptive of you Mr Watson” Mycroft’s smile was false and obsequious, a cold hard stare and a slash of red for a mouth. He opened a leather briefcase on the seat beside him and handed Sherlock the A4 sized images held together with a gold-plated bull-clip which he roughly pulled off and tossed onto the seat next to Mycroft.
John kissed him again, softly this time, and licked the mess from his palm, then he took out his handkerchief and wiped the rest from Sherlock’s belly, stroking his free hand gently up and down Sherlock’s arm, like gentling a skittish colt.
Mummy smiled affectionately as she held out the phone and mouthed ‘I told you so’ Sherlock scowled and snatched it out of her hand, a little rudely, annoyed at being caught out (he would pay for that later) and retreated to a safe distance to sit on the bottom staircase, back resting against the spindles, feeling inexplicably nervous, thinking that the painful press of solid mahogany digging in to his vertebrae would help him ignore his rapidly beating heart.
Greg wrinkled his nose in disgust. Beauxbatons had beaten Hogwarts in the Inter-Schools Quidditch Tournament last year and resentments still ran high between the two schools, at least as far as Quidditch was concerned.
It was a matter of minutes to find a cab, and not much longer before he stood on the doorstep, key fumbling at the lock. The hall was deserted, the whole house silent and cold. Mycroft would still be at his club, he might stay there all night, as was his habit with no Greg around, as reluctant to be alone in his own head as Sherlock. The Holmes family curse, a constant stream of thought and data without rest or respite. Mycroft chose to bury himself in work while Sherlock had chosen the chemical path of sex and self-medication – and was there really any other way?
“Show me” Sherlock said, a bare hint of panic in his voice as he wriggled his wrists in John’s tight grip. He squeezed harder until the struggling hands grew still.
Mycroft had twisted the knife further by issuing Sherlock with an ultimatum – if he attempted to see or speak to John before Friday (beyond the brief phone call on Wednesday lunchtime), dinner would still go ahead but John would not be welcome as an overnight guest.
He pulled back a little to look down at his softening cock, still sheathed inside Sherlock’s body and drew a shuddering breath…his own come was leaking out, dribbling down his shaft, and down Sherlock’s balls, thick and creamy-white.
“On your head be it then brother, but don’t say I didn’t warn you…you know it would be so much worse for John if this ever came out? You can go to jail for buggery Sherlock, and they give harsher sentences to members of the lower class”.
Three days since he’d puked in the kitchen after Vic made a curry from some dodgy chicken off the back of a van down the market and struggled in to work anyway, stomach heaving at the smell of stale alcohol and the disinfectant Joe made him use to clean out the urinals before the late night crowd stormed the place.
Sherlock shuffled around until he was firmly seated and adjusted his grip so he wasn’t holding on to John quite so tightly and actually lifted his head to rest his chin on John’s shoulder instead. John couldn’t resist a smile.
Sherlock leapt up, far too agile for someone sporting a massive erection. For his part, John wanted him so badly, he wasn’t sure if his legs would support his weight anymore as Sherlock hauled him up and pushed him back against the mattress straddling his hips for the second time.
‘Sherlock’ I replied before Tom could bundle me around the landing out of sight of those most vivid blue eyes which had awoken a fire in my belly at just one glance.
An insistent voice in the back of his head whispered ‘wrong’ and he swirled his tongue around Victor’s mouth in retaliation, ‘you do care, stop, stop now’ the voice scraped at edge of his conscious brain as he slowly began his descent, the edge wearing off now, much faster than he remembered….maybe he hadn’t taken enough?
Sherlock and John are meant for each other, it's written in the stars, but the chance to be together has just slipped by somehow. Can two Christmas Angels make them see just how much they mean to each other?
“Harry don’t” he panicked slightly, he had sworn her to secrecy on that and it would destroy Sherlock, and possibly him, if anyone knew. Last year at Easter, Sherlock had just come right out and asked John to give him one. He knew the theory of course, knew everything about the human body and blood, but he had wanted to know what it felt like when the blood vessels all burst like that under the skin in response to sucking by another human mouth. (He had already tried heated suction cups, but hadn’t been satisfied with the results).
“Who is she John? Quite pretty, I’ll give you that, ever the ladies’ man it seems…but does she realise you’d much prefer a mouthful of cock?”
“Go now my girl, or you’ll be late” she smiled wanly, looking so small and frail that it made John’s heart ache. A hot twist of anger curled in his gut. This was so fucking unfair, mother and Harry didn’t deserve this.
Yes, of course, there was no way he could just get out of bed and do it himself could he? John took another cool mouthful, swilling it around and spitting out. Toothpaste. He squeezed a little onto his index finger and scrubbed around his teeth and gums, just in case.
“Right and wrong,” he said. Sherlock looked nonplussed, and a cute little crinkle of bemusement appeared right in the centre of his two arched brows.
Mrs Hudson sat quietly, her chest heaved as she trembled slightly. With the most shocking aspect of the news revealed, he continued calmly, as she regarded him tearfully.
“Because it tastes good, and because I don’t think too hard about what’s probably in it, and anyway you’ve only had about three fucking chips Sherlock, so if you puke in the taxi, I’m not paying the fine, what do you run on, fresh air? Or are you some cybernetic human hybrid who just plugs into the wall like charging an electric car?”
The bedroom was a mess. He’d done his best to patch up the wall, moving the bed to the other side and pushing the chest of drawers over instead to cover the worst of it. Vic had loaned him a tool kit, and he’d spent a dusty hour down on the floor tightening all the screws in the bedframe with an old Ikea allen key left over from when they first moved in until it stopped swaying alarmingly when you sat on it.
Sherlock huffed in protest, but said no more, it was simply better not to argue when Mama was in one of her particular moods. All the better for John though, cast in the role of unwitting hero rather than a partner in crime. He glanced at the boy who looked awkwardly around, not quite knowing whether to make his excuses and leave. But that was unthinkable, this morning had been so much fun, the thrill of the chase, blood pumping through their veins, it had felt like just the two of them against the world.
“Well just because you’ve studied some maps, smart-arse, doesn’t mean you know this castle better than I do…did you actually think I hadn’t snuck out at night before?”
Only 2 seconds, she must have been moving faster than he had thought. Although in her case, Sherlock’s presence always elicited a speedy response.
“He’s been back in the country for a little over a month now, I was informed the instant his feet touched British soil. He was placed under immediate surveillance, and it all seemed quite satisfactory but….”
They hadn’t even made it into the bed, lying on top of ruined covers. Greg pushed them down until far enough to fold their legs inside, pulling them back up over their cooling skin, warm and secure. Mycroft nestled his head into the crook of his lovers’ neck.
“Do you know him? I know him…had him once in fact…had the pleasure of popping the cherry as they say…ripe for the taking…fucking gorgeous” he was babbling slightly, a glass of champagne earlier and two double whiskey’s severing the connection between brain and tongue.
“Thousands”, because that was true too, and even when he couldn’t see them with his eyes he still had his imagination.
(Yes, he had…locked in a music room with his pants round his ankles and three fingers up his arse, fucking himself open for John, with a quick sloppy wank over the wastepaper bin when it all got a bit too much…)
“Fuck off”, he hissed back as he heard the classroom door open heralding the arrival of the notorious new Biology master whose reputation had followed him from Leicester to London.
I faltered in my frantic search, the room in which I had found myself, strangely and quiet and subdued. There were fewer here, huddled in small groups or lounging upon low chaises or mounds of plump cushions upon the floor. The air was sweet and heavy, oddly calming as I breathed it in and felt my racing heart begin to slow and the turmoil in my head to recede and fade. No hands sought to grope me here, barely a head turned my way as I sank to the floor and laid my head against the wall at my back. I could rest here, sleep a while, my body so heavy and tired.
Sherlock did look like a flyer with his long elegant limbs and a ramrod straight back, John conceded, and it might be a good way to get him to integrate more with the rest of his House.
“I have a thing…a project, sort of, that Sherlock asked me to help him with.” John said in a fake breezy tone, carefully schooling his features before he turned back around. “Which you should be pleased about Dad, I would’ve thought, seeing as I won’t be hungover in bed all day tomorrow.”
He felt his button pop open, the zip hissed faintly as it was pulled down and John’s soft warm hands rolled cold denim down his shaking legs.
He was almost at the foot of the stairs before he realised – Sherlock hadn’t once looked up from his phone.
It must have been the right thing to say as Sherlock tipped forward and pressed him back down until they were lying flush against each other again, a deeply erotic sensation with Sherlock being naked while he was still fully dressed, as the heat of him penetrated John’s skin.
“You mean it’s not always like that …for you?” John answered, stuck between sarcasm and genuine curiosity. Surely Sherlock’s….much greater…experience, would find John a bit…unpractised and clumsy in his attempts?
“Ah…I see” (well, he didn’t see actually, but he wasn’t about to let John know that, the whole ‘girl’ thing not really being his area, so to speak…)But it hadn’t gone well, he assumed. He couldn’t help feeling just a little bit smug.
“Is this my punishment?” he asked, jokingly, thrumming with anticipation as he waited for it all to really begin. Whatever the reason for this delicious twist he was more than happy to go along with it. This should be interesting, no hands, no control, John would take charge of everything, would dictate how and when Sherlock would come.
Anderson and Dimmock were already seated inside the van. Anderson tutted impatiently as Sherlock took his place in the back amongst the guitars and amps. Really, Anderson made it too bloody easy sometimes.
The last thing in the world he felt in the mood for was a night out at the Union bar… it was where they had met that very first night. Sherlock on stage playing that guitar, fingers flying so expertly over the strings, the same fingers that had learned how to expertly take him apart several times since.
And the bathroom….it had taken every ounce of willpower he had to leave that room before he could cop an eyeful of Sherlock’s cock.
I strained to see past him, impatient, and my eyes caught the glint of John’s soft golden hair in the light of a candle. The door opened wide and at last I could see the scene laid out before me. The bed where we had slept had been pushed to the side of the room under the window, the dresser, chaise and chairs all pushed back against the walls. John sat nervously on the edge of the mattress, hands twisting in his lap, skin drained white and a sheen of fresh sweat upon his forehead.
“No dear, it won’t” she said firmly, “Just give me some warning next time and I’ll get the bed made up properly, I can’t imagine how you both had a good night’s sleep sticking to all that leather!”
Cook beamed proudly. “See master Sherlock…someone appreciates my cooking….doesn’t eat enough to keep a bird alive, this one” she nudged John fondly and pointed an accusing finger at Sherlock. He retaliated against this bullying campaign by cutting himself a large slice of vanilla sponge cake.
Sherlock threw his bag on the floor and flopped heavily on the bed, as he glared at John with an angry pout.
“Cosy little sleepover party was it John? Entertain a lot of naked schoolboys in your bedroom, do you?
“We have not yet the pleasure Charles, no”, said John with a quick glance towards me as we followed at a leisurely pace behind, mindful that once in company we must conceal our mutual regard once more as we mounted the summit and stepped into the rooms beyond.
Without warning he felt a sudden pressure on his arse as a warm pressed palm eased his cheeks apart and something very cold and very metallic made contact with his skin.
“No? Why am I the one who has to lie on my back every time, or on all fours, while you just expect me to shut up and take it like a good little boy?”
“From me…stay away, I’m obviously a danger to you and to myself…so this” Sherlock gestured between them “ends now”
His lips brushed gently across my own, the barest touch at first, then pressing, more insistent, the flick of a tongue against the tip of my own, questing deeper, tasting, a hand on the back of my neck to pull me in. I cared not where we were, only that I was with him and he wanted me still, I pressed back against him, sliding my hands along the strong, muscled planes of his thighs and up, up, to tease at the hard, heavy prick swollen and ready between them. He caught my hand with a groan and stilled me, and I gave a strangled cry of frustration at being denied.
Long fingers wrapped around his wrist, pulling him back in and drawing his fingers up to warm soft lips.
He gave it the finger as it sped by, and the driver blasted loudly on his horn, some fat guy who he could definitely take in a fight if he suddenly decided to stop.( He didn’t.)
Something looked different, the light in the room was suddenly warmer and John gasped in surprise and realisation.
“Oh god you’re impossible….incredible Sherlock” John slipped out of character yet again, it really was adorable.
“Steady on there mate, I just thought he might be a secret snorer or something….why? what the hell did you think I meant?”
“Sherlock told me nothing”, he admitted, “My brother can be irritatingly loyal…but what I believe Mr Trevor is not the point any more, let me tell you what I now know”.
“Are you aware you spend at least sixty per cent longer staring at my mouth than at any other body part…that’s quite the oral fixation John”
Was she being kind, worried that my lover would cast me off when the novelty and romance had worn thin? Or did she have designs as Mrs Turner had, and saw in my figure and face a way to make coin and take advantage of my precarious situation at some future date ?
“It was you, wasn’t it?” Sherlock could tell from the look on his face, like butter wouldn’t melt. A skilfully executed sabotage, what a devious little bastard he was.
“Here, try the red one this time” John appeared at his elbow again, cheeks flushed from the heat , “s’cherry I think” he took the second empty bottle from his hand (when did he drink all that?) and pressed another in its place.
Sherlock pulled him down, smearing their sweaty bodies together even more. They would need a shower, John thought, but after, after some very vigorous snogging. His cheeks stung slightly with the scrape of day-old stubble.
More mild stinging blows which he was sure had raised welts on his tingling flesh, still too gentle, he wanted this to hurt, until he begged John for mercy, the searing pain which turned to deep throbbing pleasure in his sick little mind…wasn’t that the whole point?
Running the gauntlet of the Holmes family kitchen would be even more of a trial by fire, John thought, hoping to execute a quick smash and grab, bring something back up here and suffer the stench of smoke, anything to avoid Mycroft’s knowing smirk and penetrating gaze.
“I thank you John,” he began, “It was never my wish to see Sherlock live a life such as mine from the very first moment I saw him. It was a blessing that you stayed that night, drunk as you were, pressing forward for a last glance and a name. Even a blind fool could see how you were made for one another but don’t ever hurt him young sir, or you’ll have me to answer to.”
I believe it pleased him to rip my heart out, and witness my complete devastation. My knees gave way. The breath caught in my chest. In panic I froze, unable to inhale some much needed air, pain lanced in my chest like a stab wound to the flesh. I thought I might swoon, was sure I must be bleeding, and indeed then I did swoon, just like a maid, but Tom was there to catch me as I fell, clutching under my arms as my ankles buckled beneath me. Weston could have ran me clean through and it would have hurt less.
Nah, the six foot bastard was more Lord of the Rings than one of Santa’s little helpers, with those stupid cheekbones and the icy stare. He wondered if Sherlock might be into a spot of Middle Earth cos-play? But if Sherlock was a sexy Elrond he would probably end up as an angry little hairy Hobbit. Nope, not helping either John, he stored that fantasy away for some later date, possibly in the shower, as soon as he got home, with his right hand.
“Oh yeah, I we know all about your amazing life, don’t we? Running around Gotham City with bloody Batman Holmes the noble hero”
My back was pressed into the damp brick wall inside the entrance to a seemingly abandoned warehouse on Filigree Street close to the riverbank. Voices could be heard quite clearly not ten yards hence, from the street hawkers who plied their wares along the busy embankment and the poor folk as they went about their everyday business.
If he couldn’t see John or smell him or taste him then what came next would be a whole lot fucking easier Sherlock thought as he tore open the wardrobe door, and ripped his Belstaff from the hanger before throwing it on the end of the bed. He crouched down beside it, hands searching the inside pockets for a crumpled pack of cigarettes nestled in the lining, fingers closing around battered cardboard as he wondered absently if this was why he had handed over that cash this morning, his mind already racing ahead to the inevitable rejection, knowing there was only one way out…
The big guy, James, fixed him with a searching glare and then smirked, knowingly, as his eyes flashed with an evil intent.
Sherlock was mildly impressed, a decent seven inches, nice balls, foreskin still intact, his wife was a fool, that P.E teacher she ran off with had erectile disfunction and had recently received treatment for an STD aswell.
He should have been pleased for the extra time, John thought as he jogged up the stairs to his room, he should be relaxed and looking forward to seeing everyone, but he was too distracted, trying to figure out just why the thought of some girl mooning over Sherlock bothered him so much.
Mycroft continued to observe him with barely concealed amusement, just the slightest raising of the eyebrows.
The inside of the church was dry and warm. Sherlock had been angry at first and had tried to run, until he was cornered like a rat in a trap by three burly policemen. No-one was under arrest though, they had just had a tip-off that people were using it as a place to sleep rough when it was unsafe and under a Council Demolition Order. Forty-seven people were shepherded onto a waiting bus and transported back into town to a church-run soup kitchen. But Sherlock felt like a fraud, unlike so many of these people, he had a home to go back to and a John to look after him, to let him curl up beside him and run warm fingers through his tousled hair. The rest he could deal with, the horrible stuff at school, if only John were here.
Sherlock turned on the tap and held his hands under the steady stream, so cold it almost burned. He gathered the freezing liquid in cupped palms and splashed it over his clammy skin. The image in the mirror peered back, ghost-like and hunted, deep purple shadows under dull, dead eyes, white skin pulled taught over the sharp, angular contours, the same face he had seen every day at his worst, a dead man walking.
The stable out back was quite warm and dry, smelling strongly of horse and sweat and leather and something else that Sherlock couldn’t quite define. It was his favourite place to be, curled up in a corner somewhere, just listening to the horses snuffle and breathe. It made him feel calm and at peace.
Sherlock’s head snapped up, giving her his full attention, and John leaned forward in his chair, eager to hear this new revelation.
John yawned. Christ, he was getting old, while the other students would be getting ready to go out, he was dreaming of a take-away, then crashing in front of shit tele for the rest of the night.
If it wasn’t so bloody cold he could have slept out here, in his treehouse, he thought, as he had often done in the past, snuggled up in a blanket fort, where he wouldn’t be bothered by boring John at all.
They had already been one false start, Sherlock on him almost as soon as he arrived an hour ago, pushing him down on the bed and rutting like kids before they managed to get their jeans off and push their pants down to messily finish each other off.
“You look like an angry garden gnome” Mike called from behind him as he slammed the bathroom door. He opened it again and popped his head out.
John brought up a street view on Google maps just in case, he didn’t have Sherlock’s encyclopaedic knowledge of London and he didn’t want to get lost on the way to the venue.
“No,” Sherlock said abruptly, cutting John off, mid-flow, “no tonight’s fine, tonight’s good in fact. I could really do with the air.” And at that, he shot a final death glare at Victor, before stalking toward the gym door, bag in hand.
Propriety be damned, they had to do this, once John went home again, they might not get another chance.
Sherlock smirked triumphantly. John had backed Mycroft into a corner and the bell had just rung for the end of the round.
“Yeah, the evil little twat….Jim Moriarty his name is, I owe his boss rent or my sister, my mother and me are gonna get kicked out of our house….I’ve got til tonight, but I don’t trust him not to pocket the money for himself and deny that I ever paid. I’m up shit creek either way”
'I cannot be sure. Mary's actions with the explosives in the deposit boxes changes the pattern of her behaviour. Assassins are, by their nature, averse to mass casualties or any method that may catch innocent bystanders in its area of effect. The trap Mycroft and his people triggered demonstrates that she has escalated.
How wrong he had been. John Watson was no foot-soldier. He was a Knight. Unpredictable and unexpected, he emerged from the obscurity of the ranks with devastating consequences. His moral sense should have made him predictable, but John Watson did not follow the rules. Not if they got between him and the results that he wanted.
As the killer, she should have been the epicentre of that scene, but to John she had been a bystander. Even Mary, lying on the floor and breathing her last, had only been one facet that held his attention. The rest – all his pain and hate and misery, had been on Sherlock – vicious and vitriolic behind the glassiness of shock.
'Did she ever love me, do you think?' John rasped, his voice little more than a whisper. It sounded cracked down its centre, spent of all its strength. Sherlock shuffled around, making sure to keep Rosie hemmed in before looking up into John's face. 'Did she even care, or was I just ...' John shrugged, his shoulders moving in an unsteady jerk of indifference. 'Convenient?'
'Yes. The only survivors of the splinter group are incarcerated and will remain that way. The Harmattan old guard have distanced themselves from the whole affair; they will cause no issues.' Mycroft's expression softened into something almost kind. 'Miss Watson misses you and would greatly benefit from your presence.'
'Yes. Her and Norbury. The bullet that struck her was a blank. A ruptured blood pack on the front and back of her torso gave the illusion of a wound that went right through her. Then she merely had to sell her demise to the rest of us.'
'I won't insult your intelligence by deducing all the ways you are not, in fact, "fine".' Sherlock reached out, wrapping John's cool fingers in the cradle of his palm. It was a shock of sensation to feel him so vividly against his skin, real and alive and whole, despite everything. It had almost ended so differently.
Sherlock could picture him all too easily, his skin tanning to brown as the tawny in his hair lifted to pale gold: a creature of the sun shedding England’s gloom.
Ah, Sherlock thought, that explained Lestrade’s mood at least. His ex-wife had been giving him days with the kids less and less. She was busy building a life with her new husband, and Lestrade’s children were a crucial ingredient. The Detective Inspector, it seemed, was shut out in the cold.
“I met him only once before, the very same night I met you. All I know is of his wealth and nothing of his reputation, for the girls of the house confessed that he has always sought to keep that concealed. Not even my mistress knew of his name, but so long as he was willing to give coin she allowed it, but he expressed no desire to add to my corruption and warned me of the wicked path I had set myself upon”.
“Here mate” Bobby tapped him on the shoulder sporting a wicked grin “We don’t have to watch you get off with Sherlock do we? The audio was enough without the visuals as well!”
Peterson turning to address them again “apologies Sherlock, but forensics would hand me my arse if I so much as let you through the front door, even I haven’t been in there yet, Anderson just patched these through half an hour ago…you know how it is” he shrugged apologetically and pulled a phone from his front jacket pocket, pressed a number on speed-dial and drew a circle with his finger in the air, a signal to Greg to wind up this little interlude.
But much as he’d like to think otherwise, this was as close as John was ever likely to get to Sherlock Holmes - the great untouchable. Sherlock rarely spoke and barely interacted with the other students. When he wasn’t in the studio, he was holed up in the library or the labs and John would swear he’d never seen him in the dinner hall at lunch or break time either. John couldn’t quite decide if Sherlock was shy, existed solely on air, or if he simply just preferred to be alone.
Mr Oxley smiled down at me, old eyes crinkled at the corners in genuine pleasure at our reunion, and I took but a moment to notice that he too was decked out more finely than such a work-a-day evening should warrant. “Up we go then lads” he said, unlocking the door with a small brass key, and motioning us through in front of him. He closed the door behind us and locked the door again. We climbed up the staircase, Mr Oxley, then I, with Tom bringing up the rear. It was a most strange procession, I felt.
“Of course, why wouldn’t I? or, we, I should say, because you’ll be coming too of course…just to make sure I don’t go astray. But I need to make a few discreet enquiries first anyhow, no use sneaking over there unprepared”.
Sherlock stood ready at his side to hand out the gifts to the ‘lucky’ girls and boys and John tried desperately not to think that his bloody crotch was just about level with John’s eye-line.
been up to…. And why you seek him today. You were cavorting, no doubt, and now your payment has run out and you seek more from him.”
John was distraught, although I was sure he shielded the worst from me, as often when he thought that I could not see him, that he was unobserved, his beautiful face betrayed the deepest sadness and I knew he bore the scars of his estrangement and that it was a heavy burden.
How gallant, my sweet John, as if there were any other choice, for I would declare myself this minute the most cruel little cock-tease if I had said no. And so, as one, or each to our own, our need had gone beyond the point at which we could have willingly stopped, and the linen would be ruined by morning on either account. I felt his hardness against my hip. I wanted it, his cock within me.
Mycroft Holmes reclined on the leather seat and sighed. That had really gone rather well, he thought. John Watson had made a surprising impression. Steady gaze (lesser men had quailed under the scrutiny of Mycroft Holmes), not easily intimidated, obviously, very defensive in the face of any criticism levelled at Sherlock. He was certainly showing a high degree of loyalty towards his brother, very quickly indeed. But there were also some aspects of this association that troubled him greatly.
'Sorry,' John whispered as he eased away, not sure if he was talking to Rosie or Sherlock. His daughter gurgled against his chest, and he smiled down at her, unable to meet Sherlock's gaze. He missed the feeling of Sherlock's arm around him – of his warmth when everything in John's life felt cold and stark – but he held himself at a distance, refusing to give in to the weak, whining want for such a simple comfort.
John huffed, bumping his shoulder into Sherlock’s. ‘A bit, maybe, but you’ve got to admit, deducing the lawyer was selling on information by the state of his manicure… Seems a bit of a stretch, even for you.’
John’s thighs trembled, and he pressed into Sherlock, biting hot, wet kisses up the pale column of his throat. He was beautiful, glorious, debauched. If anyone barged into the vestry right now, they might not recognise their prim and proper priest: hair tousled and cheeks flushed with high flags of passionate colour.
'I'm working on it, John, I swear, but you know how it is. The government's full of liars and they're prioritising what tests we do have to ICUs.'
'You bloody prat,' he breathed, shaking his head and stepping forward. His hand clenched in the collar of the Belstaff, tugging Sherlock down so he could kiss him soundly, chasing away whatever lingering ridiculousness had been about to fall from Sherlock's lips. 'You –' he murmured, 'are the best thing that's ever happened to me. Mad as that sounds. You think I don't want more?'
It would be easy to take offence at Mycroft’s surprise, but John swallowed it back. He only knew “calumny” because he and Greg had looked it up yesterday for a crossword clue. Not that he was going to tell either Holmes that particular fact.
Of course, hanging around with Sherlock both dragged him into the spotlight and concealed him in the shadows. Between the newspapers and the clients, he felt more involved with society than ever before: like he was on some kind of stage.
'Take Rosie into the living room where she will be more comfortable, not to mention safer. Let her be your top priority, but if she gives you a moment, have a look through these.'
His heart throbbed beneath his ribs, and the tension in his shoulders twisted with every moment. He knew that whatever they faced in London could change his life forever. There was so much unknown about the situation, and the only way to get the answers he needed was to face it head on.
Mary lowered her hands, folding her arms across her chest and shifting her weight over to one side. She spared nothing more than a glance in Sherlock's direction – an assessing flicker of her gaze up and down his person – before she focused her attention on John: just as Sherlock knew she would. Her breath escaped her in a tight sigh, and she rubbed a hand over her face. 'Where's Rosie?'
‘God help me,’ Greg agreed with a tilt of his head. ‘I shouldn’t be, he’s that prickly sometimes. Less, though, than he was. He hardly ever bites Anderson’s head off, these days. I wonder why that might be?’
'You hope.' The commander's tone carried a faint edge of resignation, as if she was more than used to throwing her life on the line in answer to beliefs, rather than certainties. 'Be sure, Mister Holmes. If there is a better way –'
John scoffed as he shoved his arms into his coat sleeve. 'I dunno. She said Millie was thinking of quitting, right? Leaving fencing behind? This is an ex-champion, maybe one who didn't hand over her "crown" but lost it, instead. Maybe there's some resentment there, for how easily Millie gave up her title.'
He did not allow his grip to tighten, as he longed to do. He would not let himself become another restraint against which John fought. Instead, he rubbed his thumb over John’s hammering pulse, keeping his strokes slow and steady as he hunkered down beside the bed.
Mycroft thought that Sherlock had left that dream behind but in his more fanciful moments, John could see the truth of it. Sherlock’s mind was his cutlass, and the treasure he sought was the next case, the next challenge, the next mystery…
After a moment's thought, he tucked her blanket over her legs for extra warmth and retrieved her cuddly toy: an inadvisably rainbow coloured elephant. It was not beyond the realms of possibility that she'd decide to nap, but John made sure there were plenty of toys nearby to give her, just in case.
He had no trouble compartmentalising. When you were in the army, you had to, or you'd spend your whole time deployed catatonic with fear. Still, at least then you could keep busy – distract yourself. This? He barely had the strength to lift his arms, let alone get to his feet. His mind was a helpless, anxious prisoner in a body fit for fuck all.
John sank onto the mattress. All thoughts of Greg and his questions fled his mind, washed away beneath the stroke of Sherlock's warm hands and the hypnotic, lustful press of those lips. There would be time to solve the mystery of Greg another day. Right now, he had a beautiful Felisian demanding his attention.
He blinked once more, forcing himself to focus. Mind over matter. He could not will away a concussion, but he could at least temper his confusion into something which Donovan would find more familiar.
Instead, he pulled out his phone, quickly snapping overlapping pictures in as much detail as he could, angling the lights to push away the shadows and render the flash unnecessary.  He caught all he could within the scope of the lens, his heart in his throat. At last, he took it all in, committing the wall and its layout to memory before turning his attention to the files on the desk.
‘Positive.’ Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. ‘This is her home. CCTV saw her entering yesterday with some shopping. No family. No pets. They reported her missing when she didn’t show up for work this morning.’
hair on the posh git's head... 'Please tell me you've got something. GPS from his mobile? A microchip tracker he doesn't know about? Something!'
Sherlock’s vivid eyes flickered quickly, as if scanning along a page of text. ‘Anderson, look out for lysis in histology. It’s possible that whoever collected these together and broke in to leave them on Miss Harris’ table did not, in fact, kill their owners.’ He lifted those slender shoulders in a jagged, shrug. ‘Forensics will tell us far more, but if we are looking for someone in the medical profession, we have to consider that these fingers may have come from a morgue.’
John mumbled a negative, the seam of his eyelashes burning as his eyelids drifted shut. The sheets smelled mostly of detergent, but a trace of the scent he associated with Sherlock lingered: a hint of whatever he used in his hair. It comforted John in ways he did not quite want to define, and he nestled deeper into the quilt, curling his knees up towards his chest as his tortured frame began to relax.
Shoving his hands in his coat pockets, he kept his head down, sparing glances for the closed, blind doorways that pocked the walls to his left and right. None of them looked like they could lead him to any sustenance, and he took a few random turns until, at last, he came across another bank of vending machines, each one gleaming and mercifully stocked.
He was the exception to the rule. Nothing he knew of John in those first few moments had changed in the years since. The flood of information, glorious as it was, had sketched the outline of a masterpiece. Ever since, Sherlock had been filling in the gaps and loving every moment.
Molly sighed. 'I know. I'm fine. I only looked after Rosie a bit. I don't think they're bothered about me.'
'I can – um – I can move upstairs if you want.' The crow's feet at the corner of his eyes deepened as a quick smile flickered across his lips. 'To sleep, I mean. Let you have your bed to yourself again?'
Silence buzzed in his ear, thick with plenty unsaid. Judging by the lack of background noise, Lestrade was in his office with the door shut, perhaps leaning back against his desk or slumped in his chair with one hand over his eyes.
'The information is being collated as we speak. It will be up on the secure server within half an hour. You know the one.' The soft chink of a glass being set down suggested his brother was imbibing: a brandy, no doubt. Sherlock tilted his head, wondering what could have encouraged him to indulge. Was it stress over something external and irrelevant, or did his concerns lie closer to home? 'I'm afraid it might not be the clear-cut answer you were hoping for.'
‘It’s a bit bloody American, isn’t it?’ Lestrade muttered, glaring at the Halloween decorations that festooned Knightsbridge. In this part of the city there was a lot more money than sense, and even Harrods had filled their windows with pumpkins: each exquisitely carved.
'Good. You look after yourself. Don't get so focussed on taking care of John that you forget to keep your strength up.' She smiled at him, all warm comfort and knowing fondness, despite the distance that separated them. 'And don't let John brush this off as nothing, either. Doctors make terrible patients.'
Frost rimed the windows of Baker Street, painting ferns across the glass. The old heating went like the clappers, clanking and groaning in an effort to warm the flat. Most of the time, John loved living here, despite heads in the fridge and bullet holes in the wall. Only on days like these did he think longingly of modern conveniences, like insulation and double-glazing.
'I –' John blew out a breath, shrugging his shoulders and wincing as his aching ribs protested. 'I'm not sure. Once I would have believed she'd do the smart thing: cut her losses and run. Now she's more likely to double down. To go out guns blazing.'
'It would be a lucky shot to do much damage,' the commander replied, though she did not sound confident.
has the file I need? Who gave himself away last night when he scampered off to save his country from embarrassment? And who would do absolutely anything to protect his little brother?'
'You're a star.' Greg grinned, and the conversation devolved into swapping stories of the terrible digs they'd had over the years. For John's part, a tatty tent in Kandahar probably won, but Greg had seen the worst bedsits London had to offer, and by the time their drinks were gone, they were cackling about the things you learned to live with when life got a bit rough.
Sherlock hummed, quite content. John’s expression - an endearing blend of amusement, exasperation and pity – softened with a smile.
John winced, dragging his mind out of the gutter as he braced himself for Sherlock’s scathing reply. It seemed everyone else in the room had done the same. Donovan’s lips pinched tight and Anderson stood, stiff as a board.
‘Mr Holmes?’ A woman in her fifties stepped forward, her smile practised and her blonde hair pinned up and professional. The suit she wore looked like it might even put some of Sherlock’s to shame, but there was a quick humour and intelligence in her eyes that John liked immediately. ‘Dean Winters. Thank you for coming. The police are waiting for you.’
The fragrant steam of his drink rose from the rim of the mug, caressing his cheek as he took a cautious sip. The strong, bitter flavour swept aside the last cobwebs, making him feel something like human as he turned towards where Sherlock had left various files strewn around.
'How can you be so bloody calm?' John shook his head, throwing up his hands. 'Aren't you angry? Upset? Anything?' His fingers delved through that sandy blond hair, clutching at his scalp as if he was struggling to contain himself.
'I'm probably no worse off than Molly,' he promised, hoping it was true. 'Just watch yourselves, for God's sake. I'd like to say Mary wouldn't rig Molly's house, but I wouldn't put anything past her. Not anymore.'
it'No. No.' John held up both his hands in surrender. 'Not at the question itself, I promise, more just the look on your face. Come on, I'm a doctor. You wouldn't believe some of the truly stupid things patients ask me sometimes.'
John hummed. He couldn’t argue with that. The suit had been a fine thing, with a very fine man in it, but it was the coat that had caught him up in its whirl, dragging him along in its wake and landing him slap bang in the middle of Sherlock’s life. ‘The one that doesn’t fit anymore?’
'And if you did, would you surrender it? Would you hand it over to buy your way free of their attentions?'
Sherlock grunted, his jaw clenched tight as he withdrew the handkerchief and refolded it, pressing the last bit of clean fabric to the gash. He reduced the pressure too, making sure any new clots wouldn’t be disturbed too badly when the dressing moved.
He knew Mary; knew how she worked. She used codes to keep her secrets from prying eyes, not to communicate with others. Whatever she’d hidden away would have some kind of key only she knew: something that she never intended to share. This - it was a reminder. Something to point the way, just in case she ever needed help unlocking her own cipher.
'That doesn't rule out that particular avenue. They might have wanted to save time by forcing you to retrieve whatever they were looking for.'
'Give me until tomorrow morning, and I might have something for you,' he promised, his mind racing with possibilities.
'The helicopter,' he said, clenching his jaw. 'We need to disable it: it's their only quick way out of here, and a Hind can carry a good number of people.'
His leg ached, and he clenched a hand around it, watching the world rush by through half-closed eyes. Exhaustion nibbled at the edges of his mind, but he couldn't let go and drift into slumber. Not until he knew where they were going and made sure Rosie was truly safe. Adrenaline's flow kept him awake, hovering in the glassy, jet-lagged state of the sleep-deprived, and he barely noticed as they turned off the broad expanse of the motorway and into narrower, tree-lined streets.
More than once, Sherlock had considered taking matters into his own hands and cultivating a test. At least verifying what John had would perhaps offer them some comfort. However, he did not have the equipment and chemicals on hand for a polymerase chain reaction analysis, and nor could he get a sample to the lab. Not even Mycroft could offer his assistance. A framework could not be manipulated if one did not exist in the first place, and the UK’s testing response was laughable at best.
John twitched at Sherlock's bored voice, as if the stranger's arrival were banal and predictable. Of course, he should have known. Sherlock had not been indulging in an old hobby. He'd grown frustrated at the lack of definitive evidence, and so he had taken matters into his own hands.
'Does anyone know how to start the engine?' Sherlock demanded, limping into the cockpit and sitting in the pilot's seat, narrowing his eyes at the array of controls before him.
Eventually, the spin of the taxi's wheels delivered him to the front door of the Diogenes. Normally, he would never be permitted admittance in his current attire, but he'd warned Mycroft to expect him dressed as such. If his brother had any sense, he would have informed the very particular staff that exceptions were to be made.
The shelves carried an eclectic mix of bits and pieces, suggesting maybe she was an academic before she became an administrator. Her desk, though large, carried the scars of the passing years: a much-loved piece of furniture. A gleaming new Mac perched on its surface, the screen shielded for privacy, and John settled into one of the very comfortable chairs set up for students or whoever else might find themselves within the book-lined walls.
'My strategy didn't work out the way I'd hoped.' She turned away, reaching out for one of the chairs tucked under the dining table and pulling it out, perching elegantly on its edge. She crossed her leg over her knee and folded her hands in her lap. 'Harmattan were supposed to give up – to realise that there was nothing left for them here and move on.'
The footsteps went in separate directions, circling around, and Sherlock's heart picked up its pace. He could sense both the commander and John bracing themselves, the tension escalating as they bided their time. They would need to act at the last possible moment so that their enemies had no chance to leap for cover.
She pursed her lips. That's why she'd left Sherlock a message: one he couldn't ignore. John would never let anyone help him. It wasn't his way. He had to feel like he was helping others, and if that meant manipulating him out of his grief, then so be it.
Just as well. It would be awkward otherwise. It might make crime scenes a bit more tense if Mycroft was merely indulging in a quick shag. (Unlikely, but not impossible.)
Sherlock thought back to the early days of their acquaintance, to Moriarty and the pool, a bomb vest and snipers. To John blinking S.O.S. in Morse code.
Even sleep was a guilty pleasure, these days. Something he shouldn't want and could not be permitted to enjoy. His therapist would be appalled by the depths of his self-punishment. Of course, he'd have to call her first. Set up an appointment...
Now, the house lay silent around him, the air still and peaceful. Rosie and John would be asleep nearby. Sherlock bit his lip, pulling back the bed covers and slipping from the nest of his blankets before creeping downstairs. He felt like a thief stealing through this foreign territory: little more than a ghost himself. Perhaps that's all he was; an inconvenient phantom of an existence John had left behind long ago.
'And possibly to our Greek team as well.' John reached for a cloth, wiping porridge off Rosie's face with gentle strokes. She wriggled and complained, but for now at least she was captive in her high chair and too little to escape his ministrations.  'If she was a go-between for Norbury –' He swallowed, resisting the urge to shy away from his thoughts. ' – then she was a traitor, wasn't she?'
There was a soothing familiarity about the military style in which Mycroft's people worked. John had to remind himself that he was an outsider, rather than falling seamlessly into old army habits. If not for Mycroft's presence, he suspected he would have deferred to the unit commander out of instinct. As it was, they all looked to the older Holmes for their cues. It made John wonder just how much of a bureaucrat Mycroft really was, and whether that was all a front for a far more dangerous role.
Rosie slept through the long journey, sucking happily on her fingers as the scenery sped past. Even when the driver pulled over next to an almost identical car and bade them to switch, she didn't so much as stir.
John sipped his tea, staring at nothing. Sherlock wondered if he had heard anything he said, or if he was too lost in his thoughts to connect with the world.
'Unsurprising, considering her activities and the fact that she had developed a close association with Sherlock and, therefore, myself,' Mycroft added. 'She had to realise there was some risk of us isolating and decoding her itinerary. She planted the information, knowing I would act with haste to retrieve it. I should have foreseen the possibility, but I confess I did not.'
'The British government does not negotiate with terrorists, Miss Morstan. You know that.' Mycroft spoke as if he were talking of the weather, but John could see the tension creasing his eyes and bracketing his lips. He sounded unaffected, but he was far from it. This was a gamble, pushing at her, hounding her, seeing how far she would go. Yet with every word he could sense Mary's equilibrium faltering, her frustration growing as her grip on the situation began to slip.
Grabbing his coat, he strode out of his office, nodding to the receptionist in farewell and stepping into the car park, already reaching for his keys. He walked towards the car – Mary's car, really, but his now – on autopilot, every sense alert. He eyed the gaps between other vehicles, noting the empty driver seats as the low sensation of threat ran ice up and down his spine.
'They were young. Eighteen or nineteen. It was a long time ago. I'm sure her taste has improved. My brother is hardly the ideal romantic partner.' Sherlock pulled a face, and John chuckled, feeling some of the odd tension he'd carried with him since they got here ebb away.
Rosie burbled in her arms, oblivious to the turmoil around her. Clean, well-fed and bright eyed, she clapped her chubby hands together at the sight of Sherlock, her little legs kicking as she giggled. Someone, at least, was happy to see him.
And if, a few days later, she found a box on her desk? Well, Sherlock knew nothing about it, nor the creamy silk scarf that nestled in its depths.
Part of him itched to flee the flat, to stretch his legs and race London's streets, but even that avenue lay shut to him. He could only prowl each room, tense and miserable.
Sherlock stepped under the warm spray and adjusted to the stinging sensation, like a million tiny elastic bands flicking on his exposed skin. He turned down the pressure in the showerhead until it felt more akin to heavy rain as John climbed clumsily over the side of the bath to join him. He slipped on the glassy ceramic surface and Sherlock shot out an arm to his waist to steady him. They stood for a minute, breathing, watching each other, palm in contact with warm flesh.
for the act itself for the two are very different things. Had the gentleman been so pleasing in looks and manners as my bedfellow Tom who knows if I would have succumbed to temptation and cast off the final remnants of modesty and decorum, if I had not already done so to your eyes…..
Sherlock was standing much too close in the confined space of the cupboard, taking up all available room that wasn’t already occupied by John. He pushed until a tiny chink of light appeared and a faint stream of air tickled their faces, John pressed up against the cold stone and Sherlock crowding in behind, ear as close as he could get to the gap in the wall.
‘I can get you a place if you like, in service with a very kind mistress, you’re hands are much too soft for heavy work lovey-dove’.
“Don’t be so over dramatic Sherlock…the poor boy has ruined his clothes because of you and your dangerous games, what were you thinking of?”
“Well I guessed straight away there was someone in here when I got back, a funny feeling in your bones"
“Firstly, an item was delivered to the house this morning, an unmarked plain brown envelope, no indication from whence it came or who the intended recipient was. I took the liberty of making some discreet enquiries on your behalf, but to no avail, the sender remains a mystery, although I dare to entertain my own suspicions” Mycroft said as he smoothed a hand down the crease of his trousers, a tell, to Sherlock at least, that he was quietly furious. Sherlock decided to ignore this deduction lest the fury should be thrown in his direction, choosing instead to relax into the caress of John’s teasing fingers.
He breathed a sigh of relief as the three dark shadows moved away from the window and melted back into the night.
Mycroft smirked as he stood aside and waved Sherlock through the open door ahead of him. Sherlock glanced around the room, seeking out the shrill voice and clashing florals of Mrs Jessop, long-time neighbour and Mummy’s line-dancing partner (Mummy was currently touring the lakes with Aunt Marie and Uncle Henry).
Not to have the opportunity to touch John again this morning had been disappointing. He looked even better naked in the daylight, Sherlock thought, his compact muscular frame, fuzzy blond chest hair, defined calves and thighs which would look even better wrapped around Sherlock’s back. Urgh! The inconveniences of a high sex drive! Sherlock was considering the possibility of a quick wank when his phone rang loudly.
“I can remember”, he said at last, breaking the awkward silence, “there was this bloke on the tele, I was twelve I think, just on one of the soaps, Corrie, and this bloke he took his top off, and you see back then in the eighties they never did that, and I sat there staring, thinking that someone would guess, could see what was going on inside my head. I was so scared. Of the man. I still am in a way. Men are fucking terrifying.”
‘And now’, he said, brow pressed to my own, ‘if you will favour me with your company I will make it worth your while, come to bed with me Sherlock and let us make up for lost time’.
“Seven? How very dare you”, John laughed, Sherlock joining in after a second or two, his deep voice rumbling. And god, what it did on the inside, the muscles of his hot, tight passage, clenching beautifully around John's dick. He groaned and Sherlock rolled his hips experimentally.
Sherlock moved off, no longer able to see them but trusting in the directions he’d been given. John would make an excuse to nip off and meet him, and Mary would wave him off with a smile and a peck on the cheek and tell him not to be too long on his mysterious errand that couldn’t wait.
Sherlock stood on the front doorstep, soaked through to the bone in his grey wool coat and shuddering violently against the cold, his face a picture of utter pain and misery as he clutched a brown leather collar to his skinny little chest.
Dark tendrils curled softly around Sherlock’s forehead and neck, and as they passed beneath a street lamp, the artificial glow turned his eyes almost silvery and ethereal. John’s breath caught in his chest. “Yes,” he panted.
John nodded and laughed, his eyes crinkling up at the corners, the way they only ever did when he was with Sherlock
John Watson wondered how the hell he had gone from watching a gig in a warm friendly pub to pressing a short piece of metal piping into the back of this man’s neck. A fucking huge guy. He tried to make his voice as deep and menacing as possible and fought against the slight tremor in his arm.
But then again, for someone who hadn’t seen Sherlock for two years he knew a hell of a lot about the way he led his life. Was it obsession or something else? It was worth bearing in mind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Yes, marvellous, a week of Mycroft scrutinising his every move, such as casual enquiries as to whether Sherlock had a girlfriend yet and what on earth was he doing with a mini-fridge in his bedroom packed with petri-dishes full of fungal spores. Of course he would also complain constantly of the sheer tedium of his daily existence, and moan about his weight while sneaking seconds of sherry trifle when he thought that everyone else had gone to bed.
No, John thought. Fuck it. The police could go to hell. Eight minutes was the estimated time for the Ambulance, the drive across London against the late night traffic, it hadn’t even been two yet, six more to go.
“That’s hardly fair” John snapped, “This dickhead hardly said ‘smile please’ when he took these shots”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed darkly for an instant before returning his look with a defiant stare. He was right then, although it gave him no satisfaction this time.
The girls at the table sat still at their work, casting us only a passing glance and John a little more I fancied, and we stood there rather awkwardly till a well turned-out lady in her fifties at least appeared from a door to the right. She was small in appearance with soft brown waves of hair that framed a small face, fined boned and pretty in appearance. In her younger days she would have been a rare beauty indeed, delicate and trim of figure with a pleasing smile that made her green eyes sparkle like jewels.
John lingered long enough to see that he wasn’t going to collapse on the floor again and then quietly left him to it, shutting the door.
“Did you know who they were then? I heard a rumour Doug Miller and his sons were trying to move in round that way?”
Ten cocks at parade rest, a rogue’s gallery of Scotland Yard’s (not so) private dicks. Sally was head judge and the winner would receive a Christmas kiss.
John pulled out carefully, caressing Sherlock’s back, pressing soft kisses down his spine. He tied off the condom and dropped it on the floor, the air cool on his naked, sweat soaked skin. He picked up a crumpled t-shirt from the floor,( whose? Doesn’t matter) and wiped the come off his hand and then off the thankfully old, leather. Sherlock dragged the quilted throw from the back of the sofa and unfolded it, spreading it out like a blanket, tucking it behind him. He beckoned John to join him, and he slipped in willingly. Little spoon. Sherlock drew the soft material around them both in a warm cocoon and John twined their fingers together, hugging them to his chest. His heart was still beating too fast.
She popped her head back in just in time to catch him with a mouthful of illicit gingerbread, a mess of brown crumbs peppering his front, he choked and spluttered, guiltily wiping a hand across the back of his mouth.
I had no words, could not have predicted this startling turn of events. But I was most overjoyed to see my dear friend again, see his kind, open face, feel his strong warm arms wrapped tight around my body. I buried my face in the crook of his neck and felt a warm flush of shame to feel the prickle of tears gathering at my lashes. I squeezed my eyes closed and a warm wet trickle ran across his skin.
Sherlock stiffened as he leaned in close, inhaling deeply at the crook of his neck. He recoiled as a long tanned finger brushed slowly down his face, hand curved to stroke along his chin, thumb gently running across his lower lip.
John shrugged and frowned, sadly. The posh twat didn’t fucking get it after all. He would go back to his cushy life and John would be alone again, left to the tender mercies of those evil gits and with a sick mother to care for too.
Sherlock had attended Hampdon College boys boarding school between the ages of nine and sixteen (well, he had made it part way through year 11 anyway, leaving (expelled) just after Easter and sitting his GCSE’s privately while Mycroft looked for another school that would take him at short notice). But surprisingly (or not, really) few schools were willing to take on a boy recently expelled for smoking weed behind the Chemistry lab while already on a written warning after being caught in bed with two other boys (at the same time, not on separate occasions – a very enjoyable evening as Sherlock recalled).
“Just stick a lid on it next time smart-arse” he managed, settling himself back into his chair as he prepared for the next onslaught of ankle-biters and their harried parents to scuttle through the door.
John was shaking slightly, tremors running up from his quivering knees to his fingertips. His teeth were chattering too, but not from the cold, more akin to a state of shock. If the man standing next to him hadn’t been so old, John would have punched him by now.
I jumped and my eyes snapped open at his voice, low and rendered rough with sleep and a need for water to soothe his throat. My cheeks flooded with colour.
“Mrs Hudson…what are you doing here?”, he blurted, before he could register that that was quite rude.
‘That I know’, he smiled, cupping my jaw to bid me look at him, ‘You are surely the most extraordinary creature I have ever known, but this, this is too important to leave to chance and we must be free of its shadow if we are to go on. I have a friend who will help us, all I ask is your consent’.
‘Fool that you are’, John said, plucking the bottle from my lips and replacing it with his own in the same instant, humming with pleasure at the sweet taste of wine upon my mouth. ‘I would not have you any other way than willing, there is much we can do if you cannot bear the intercourse’.
It was quite the speech, coming from Sherlock, the longest they had ever spoken on the subject of messy ‘feelings’ and John had a pretty good idea why he had chosen to say this now. Victor Trevor, the fly in the ointment. Sherlock making clear that whatever had gone on between them it had not been motivated by love. At least on Sherlock’s side. So what had it been? Just sex? John bit his lip and willed away the tight, sickly knot in his chest. Sherlock had made his intentions clear now, so maybe it was best to bury this. He should drop it now.
The walls were just a stud partition, a thin layer of plaster board and nothing else, four walls and a ply-wood door to seal off his small part of the vast open room, the third floor of an illegal warehouse conversion.
“You ready mate? Myc just called, said to tell you he’s fine, still out but stable and he’ll let us know the room number as soon as he can. Perks of being a government hot-shot I guess, getting the bloody VIP treatment”.
Sherlock scrambled desperately, trying to hitch his arse further round and up. John could feel every tremble of his body as it pressed against him, even through the thick material of two sets of winter robes
“Look stop now, it’s okay John I’m good for now” he stepped in between them, and slid his palm around John’s clenched hand. “I sort of gave you a pseudonym, anyway” he said in a rush turning around hurriedly to avoid John’s indignant glare.
Sherlock left him to it and sat on the bed instead. John’s bed, a single bed with a stripped pine frame and blue checked covers, the mattress soft and lumpy from years of wear. The room itself was fairly small, not more than ten foot square with a desk in the front of the window and a wardrobe on the wall by the door, the bed lay along the left hand side and the air bed took up the rest of the available floor space.
Oh god, he was not going to discuss his and Sherlock’s bloody sex life with his brother. That was a line that should never be crossed.
Mycroft ran his hands over his face in frustration. Whether Victor had invited or encouraged Sherlock’s advances or whether his brother had been seduced Mycroft still wasn’t entirely sure as Sherlock refused to speak about the entire incident, but he was painfully aware of how singularly persuasive and alluring his brother could be when he decided to turn on the charm. Add to this his natural charisma (when he wasn’t being deliberately repellent) and physical appearance…. well, let’s just say Sherlock had a very particular way to get what he wanted.
Sherlock sighed. He would never get out of here with his pride intact at this rate. John was probably just being polite. What would a man like John want with him, other than to brag to his mates that he’d had him, took him home for the night and shagged his brains out. Better to cut this dead before he made a fool of himself, push it from his mind, or lock it in a special place to pour over again and again.
He tipped John’s chin up towards his face and pressed their foreheads together, willing the stricken look to leave his face. Water cascaded down the back of his head, splashing in twin streams over his shoulders as their lips hovered close in a nearly kiss, just panting lightly at each other.
“Oh, but Sherlock darling, it will be such fun” Mummy tried again. She loved Christmas so much and could never understand his aversion to garish decorations, the dreaded tinsel and the cloying stench of cloves and pine. And the Christmas jumpers…Holy shit! They were enough to give any sane person hideous nightmares with grinning ghoulish Santa’s and comedy reindeers complete with the obligatory ‘fuzzy’ red nose.
‘Promise me Sherlock’ he gasped, as he drew his hand away, the sudden emptiness inside me strangely disconcerting, the need to be filled again visceral.
‘For what? For wishing to follow your own path in life in your chosen profession as well as your heart? I never met a man with such courage…and I follow you willingly, wherever that may take us…but tell me honestly John, what is it that you truly want now?’
“John,” Sherlock began. His voice was uncertain, full of apology that he didn’t owe John at all, that John really hadn’t earned yet. “You do know that Victor and me, we’re
Sherlock sat up. If this guy could make the tedious topic of DNA and protein synthesis even barely tolerable it would be a fucking miracle.
Sherlock dragged John over to the Western corner where it looked, at first glance as if the ceiling had been lowered. It hadn’t. Angling the beam of light upward, John picked out the shape of a mezzanine floor. The staircase, which should have been on the right was missing, but in its place hung a thick length of rope. John wandered over and caught hold with his free hand. He gave it a sharp downward tug to test its strength. “You rigged this up yourself then? That’s a bit clever.”
John cradled Sherlock’s long thin arm like a delicate piece of china, deathly white, blue veins visible under the surface and only a light smattering of dark hair. He ran a thumb over the crook of his elbow, leaning in and angling the limb towards the light. An intricate pattern of tiny little scars, track marks from a very fine needle, decorated the delicate skin, clearly visible in the glaring artificial light. He sucked in a breath and just stared, waiting for Sherlock to speak. The moment stretched out interminably long.
The hat sang out, the house table erupting with noise as everyone clapped and cheered. Then McGonagall strode over and tapped John on the shoulder and said “Sherlock, this is John Watson, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team and your new roommate in the Year 6 dormitories, I’m sure he will help you with anything you may need”
“What do you care…they’re not your children…you’re the woman your partner left his wife for, the mistress first, now fiancée. You’re just trying to impress his children with expensive treats and gifts, and their mother would be furious if she knew you had brought them here…individual contact was to be phased in gradually due to the trauma they suffered during the divorce”
‘Still so shy’, he teased, bending to kiss me softly on the lips, the tip of his tongue sliding smoothly along to part them and lick inside a while, and with his hand he smoothed the hair back from my brow. ‘I could feel your eyes upon me’, he whispered, breaking the kiss to look down into my eyes. ‘Did you imagine I did not know? You dreamt of it last night….how I took you, and you think of it still’.
He checked his phone which had buzzed a couple of times in his pocket, not daring to answer in Mycroft’s presence, in case he could somehow telepathically read every word. (John wouldn’t have been at all surprised if this were true now that he had actually met him in person).
Unfortunately, for John Watson, when Sherlock had said ‘Do you want to go and see a couple of strippers today?’ this wasn’t at all what he had envisaged. Not that he had any interest whatsoever in watching a bunch of scantily clad females gyrating to generic house music in some dingy club. He had, however, hoped it would be warm, and indoors, not outside freezing his bloody bollocks off in the way only autumn in England could do. A steady stream of drizzly rain soaked through his layers of clothing, t-shirt, hoodie and jacket, wet denim chafing against the chilled skin of his thighs, and as they rounded a corner, an icy wind cut through skin and bone like a knife through butter. He shoved his freezing fingertips deeper into his pockets and jogged a little to catch up with Sherlock’s long-legged, purposeful stride.
It was a slow tease, the tension in the air palpable as John worked his cock through the fabric of his underwear, thumbing over the glans and spreading the leaking pre-come down the shaft while using his free hand to undo his belt and pull the zip down to free him.
John braced himself as he jogged over to them, “Sorry about my dog, I can’t seem to get her to stop jumping up”
“That boy”, the man whispered hoarsely, “ is he your boyfriend?, cause if he is this is cruel, I could see it from across the room the kid couldn’t take his eyes off you, I bet you like that don’t you eh? Keep him dangling, hopelessly besotted while you fuck whoever you want?”.
“I don’t care, you’re just jealous because I’ve actually got a friend, and he likes me and doesn’t call me weird and a freak, so stop trying to spoil things Mycroft because it’s just not fair”
He shifted position a little and John bucked underneath him with a strangled gasp, his legs falling down from Sherlock’s shoulders to flop on the mattress at his side, writhing as he thrust to meet the rhythmic fucking of Sherlock’s fingers.
“Aye Jim, if I can catch a carriage all to the good, but we’ll be leaving you now on any account…I thank you friend”, he pulled in alongside and hands were shook in earnest, “Look after yourself Jim and if the old bastard gives you hell, you were only following orders from your Master, and you can’t be blamed for that”.
“Well, if you wanted to shag me, you could just ask politely you know John” Sherlock wriggled on the floor beneath him.
“Mycroft? Is he found?” I blurted, my attention roused. I slapped down my tankard, mid-way to my mouth and stared at John in alarm. My instinct was to clasp his hand, and indeed I had done that unthinking, my fingers were twined with his across the table the knuckles turned white from the force of my grip. Lestrade looked down, and I could see the wheels turning, to let go now in guilt would be worse to my mind so in silent agreement we did not pull away.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the first little Watson, currently drenched in blackcurrant juice from a sippy- cup, the lid of which John had just blatantly loosened seconds earlier. He mopped ineffectually at the stain with a bunch of napkins from the dispenser on the table as Mary clicked her tongue in irritation.
“Huh?” he looked up. Greg’s mouth was moving but it was difficult to make out the actual words when he just couldn’t think through the ringing in his ears and the searing pain in his abdomen. Greg reached out and stroked along his back, up and down, trying to calm him, reassure him, his legs had started shaking again, and he blinked in confusion for a second as a small silver hip flask was pressed firmly into his hand.
“Such beauty is worth more than a rich man’s vaults”, he said, sliding a hand beneath the linen of my shirt to rest there flush against my abdomen, warm and dry, as he pressed up against me from behind, “and all for me I fancy. Is it not so?”
There was no need to wake Greg, he could deal with this alone, it was only the pantry window in the kitchen after all which left exactly one possibility….
Sherlock wriggled on the floor, in front of the fire, trying to get comfortable again. His neck ached from reading a book while lying on his belly on a thick sheepskin rug, head resting on his propped elbow and legs crossed behind him at the ankles, waving back and forward in the air.
“Can I help young sir?” she asked, “Did you have something particular in mind?” she held out her hand in a sweeping gesture pointing out the silks and felts and linens displayed all around. “We can make up most anything to your very own design if you wish it, you have only to tell me what it is that your young lady likes most….or your mother perchance?”
“Hey, that’s great Mike, that’s the girl from last band night? She seemed really nice….so” he nudged into him playfully, “you get anywhere yet?”
“John! For goodness sake” his mother blustered, her obvious embarrassment at his accusation telling him all he needed to know.
“Oh this is no game John, this is life as it would have turned out had you never been around. Sometimes it is easy to lose sight of just how important we are, how much we give and are given in return”
Our friendship with Charles notwithstanding, this did not sit easy, who was to say this Lestrade would not expose us if he found me out in due course and thence make it known? I would not then be welcome in any polite circles and John may cast me off rather than keep a whore or else risk conviction for sodomy. There would be need to discern his character first and in my power to do so, that at least I could trust. And though I yearned to hear more at this time, I cursed at Charles that he could not hold his tongue a little longer until we were alone. I stabbed at my food, a warm suet pudding too heavy for my liking, and smashed it to a crumbling mess in the bowl, my appetite gone.
Only he heard John’s sharp intake of breath and fully understood the meaning. Anyone else would think it a natural response to a shocking series of images. Sherlock was practised in concealing his emotions as he clicked through the rest of the images impassively.
Fairs, fair John thought , that was nothing compared to what Mike had put him through when he found out he’d slept with Sherlock.
“We will fucking die if they catch us, he’s probably calling his idiot friends right now, you saw them didn’t you?”
Sherlock knelt down on the carpet beside it and held up the nozzle, lifting the plastic air bed at the corner to look for a corresponding attachment and found it bore no more than a passing resemblance to the weird plastic funnel in his hand.
They both jumped as it buzzed once again in his hand – (ditch him and come over – I’ll keep the bed warm xx)
An hour clicked by and the figure on the sofa stirred, stretching out first, long legs reaching out over the side before swinging round and coming to rest on the old, pitted floorboards. Sherlock sighed and scrubbed his hands through his unruly hair. He looked tired, worn, not like the Sherlock that John knew at all. Sherlock pushed up from the sofa and dragged his heels along the corridor to his bedroom. John followed, glad that the invisible barrier of the past kept him hidden from sight as the door opened and they both entered the room.
Good question, thought John, and more to the point, what was the actual plan, because now they were here it seemed less and less likely that this would bloody well work.
Mike had already recounted the tale of the ‘naked kitchen incident’ and Sherlock’s complete lack of body consciousness. He doubted very much as to whether Sherlock would have any qualms at all as to snogging him senseless in front of absolutely anyone. John, however, was not such a natural exhibitionist.
John looked back at him expectantly and Sherlock nodded his reassurance, that he should just leave without him. He hovered uncertainly before his brother.
John seemed so calm now it was maddening. Sherlock was frankly alarmed at the staccato beat of his own heart as it pounded in his chest. He could feel the pulse in his neck jump in tandem, and sucked in another shaky breath as John’s hands worked beneath his chin to secure the strap. Finally, John took a half-step back. He seemed satisfied it wouldn’t fall off now. Sherlock exhaled. “That should do it, I think.” said John. This time Sherlock couldn’t fail to miss the almost hungry way John’s eyes raked over him. “Are you ready?”
“Let him go Victor…whatever you were to him once upon a time…he doesn’t need you anymore”, he turned away, feeling there was nothing further to gain from this exchange, the foe was vanquished and his point made.
The gentleman was not wholly blameless of course, having dealt willingly with a mother who would not baulk to turn a profit from her own flesh and blood, but he is much redeemed in my opinion in his resolve to break all future contact between mother and daughter.
He wrenched his hand back and marched across the room in search of another one of those delightful neon drinks and someone suitably annoying to insult, anything to take his mind off the painful twisting sensation in his gut.
It was cruel to push John’s buttons like that, but he had to say yes, he just had to. Sherlock needed this like air.
He pushed up from the sofa and stumbled unsteadily across the room, finding his crumpled jeans on the floor. He pulled out two joined foil packets and a squashed tube of lubricant almost tripping over himself in his haste to get back. Sherlock lay stretched out along the sofa, the sexiest fucking sight he’d ever seen, legs still spread, arms stretched back over his head, chest moving up and down steadily. He sprang up as John approached.
“You got stuff?” Bloke number one waggled a bottle of lube. “Good enough….is Vic in?” he said, rounding on Greg again, as he stripped off his jacket and threw it over the back of a kitchen chair. A head of close-cropped sandy hair appeared around the bathroom door as it opened wide, releasing a cloud of steam. Vic stepped out, a towel slung low on his skinny hips.
John was squirming now. He hated any mention of Sarah, Sherlock knew that, especially in front of him, (not that he cared, as Sarah was lacking somewhat in one important respect).
The truth? He would have given anything to go there and see John again. The last time had been in September when the trees outside in the garden were lush and green. The wind had been blowing quite hard that day, whipping up dust from the driveway that made his eyes sting. John had been hoisting his bags into the back of his old battered car, a Ford Fiesta, dark blue, with faded paintwork and rust spots and a dent in the passenger door where Sherlock had hit it with a pebble shot from a home-made catapult.
“I can’t leave you alone for five minutes Sherlock, for goodness sake…the call’s for you actually dear…it’s John”
Those fingers were every bit as good as he had imagined, stroking up and down his length in perfect synchronicity with every pant and thrust, the sound of skin slapping against skin, balls and thighs making contact with his arse.
He let Sherlock’s softening cock drop from his lips and buried his head in the comforting warmth of Sherlock’s thighs as that talented tongue continued to work him over flickering back and forward teasingly across the head, until Jesus Christ, a long slender digit slick with saliva ran purposefully along the crack of his arse. And Oh holy fuck, John howled like a bloody dog as he came in shuddering, body shaking pulses down Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock hesitated briefly before he turned on his heel and walked away, snaking his way through the crowd to leave Victor alone at the bar. It was fine. Victor knew the score, Sherlock could look after himself so no cock-blocking allowed. Or so he tried to tell himself. Victor never did understand the older guy thing, as if blokes their own age weren’t capable of hurting you, emotionally, physically, or otherwise; stab you in the heart with words or with a knife.
Oh god, why did he have to look at him like that, fucked to within an inch of his life and still staring into John’s eyes like he wanted to eat him alive. He let himself be kissed, giving in to the inevitability. Sherlock tasted of Chinese five spice and sex, John bit down and tasted the copper tang of blood, and Sherlock hummed, licked at his mouth greedily and sighed.
Well, that squashed one very prevalent myth regarding Sherlock, John thought, he was stiff as a rod, his body at least, clearly very interested in what was going on. And Jesus Christ, it was almost as big as his own in length, but not as wide around, as pretty as a cock could ever be described as being, because, let’s face it, most of them were ugly fuckers weren’t they? Years of communal showers and changing rooms had shown him that.
It hurt, it really fucking hurt, but he liked it, wanted more of it and that felt wonderful and fucking terrifying at the same time. How could he feel pleasure out of pain? Want John to hurt him and be so incredibly turned on?
Anger flushed her cheeks and made her eyes spark. Deep lines bracketed her mouth. Her gaze darted to the gun on the desk, and he could almost see the lightning flash of consideration arc across her mind.
'I don't want to leave her,' he murmured, pressing a kiss to her hair and smiling at her giggles, 'but if this is as important as you think, then we're just a bigger target. It won't be for long.' He swallowed hard, closing his eyes and promising his trembling heart that much. 'We're going to bring this to an end, aren't we?'
Immediately, John tensed, his body straightening and his slack hands bunching into fists. The fencer was dressed in the same, white kit as the others wore, the thick mesh mask pulled down over their face. Blank fabric covered them from head to toe, stark and anonymous.
Age was sneaking up on him, it seemed, or perhaps it was a physical weakness with an emotional source? After all, he could not deny his concern over John. Not just his safety, but his well-being. He had not stayed around, when he tumbled from Bart's, to bear witness to John's grief. He only had one image of John standing by his grave: an empty lie.
By the time the video call connected, an uncomfortable sweat had broken out across John's back, prickling under his shirt as he clenched his jaw and stared at the woman before them.
Nausea grabbed his guts in its fist. God, he was an idiot. Mostly, the Fae were stories and not much more, but they weren’t all the same. There were good ones and bad ones. Ones who’d grant you wishes with no tricks, and ones like Moriarty, who revelled in causing pain and twisted mischief: to whom the world was a game, and boring, normal humans were nothing but pawns.
'Thanks. What about testing?' A sympathetic smile tweaked his mouth as Sarah made a rough, growling noise. 'I take it that's a no?'
He moved with his hands in his pockets and his shoulders stooped, making himself smaller and, somehow, younger. It wasn't a true disguise. Mary would know it was him in an instant, but he doubted that was the point. This was about Sherlock passing unseen by others. No one would look twice at him.
John blinked, a spoonful of food hovering in front of Rosie's mouth as he half-listened to Sherlock's conversation. He hadn't thought about the ins and outs of seeing Norbury. He'd assumed that he and Sherlock would march in as they had done in the past. Rosie's presence hadn't even crossed his mind, and a hot welt of shame seared across his heart at his own thoughtlessness.
'He's your last chance. The only one who can give you what you want.' That was not technically true. With enough time and the right equipment, he could recompile the scattered pieces of the file and surrender it to her, but he had no intention of doing so: a fact, it seemed, that Mary had already deduced. 'Though perhaps you should have considered your estimates of my brother's regard for me more carefully. John's loyalty to his country is firm, but Mycroft's is without fault.'
The instant the latch of the back door popped, he rammed his feet full force into the panel. It whipped open, forcing a cry of pain from someone's throat. The sound of metal hitting flesh, meaty and unpleasant, reached his ears, and he bared his teeth in a snarl, peering at the bright square of daylight that he had revealed.
He bumped his shoulder into Sherlock’s arm, smiling as those interstellar eyes came back down to earth.
'I'd be delighted, John, dear.' Mrs Hudson cast Sherlock a fond, knowing look. 'It will do you both some good.'
He watched her scoop up the phone once more, jabbing a button with her thumb and smiling, honey-sweet, as the line connected. 'Mycroft, don't talk. Just listen. Haversham airfield. Bring me what I want. No tricks, no games. The splinter group are already on their way. If they arrive before you do, then I'm afraid Sherlock becomes nothing more than a liability.' She paused, raising an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction. 'He's still alive. For now. Don't make me regret that decision.'
'It has been surrendered to the intelligence services with explicit instructions to investigate it for potential threats to the realm prior to its destruction. I will require any copy or parts thereof still in your possession, Sherlock. This is not a matter for discussion.'
Only the homeless people near his work hinted otherwise. It was always someone different, practically invisible in their nest of blankets, dossed down in a doorway or up by the shops on the corner, cup in hand. If he met their eyes, they'd give him a nod of acknowledgement, nothing more. He was not their concern. They watched the watchers.
‘Her?’ John frowned at Sherlock as he gave him a look very similar to the one he’d just received from the cat. ‘I’m a doctor, not a vet, Sherlock.’
'Too much information. I can't work out what is mere ephemera and what might unlock the case.' Sherlock dropped his hand, straightening in his seat and casting a judgemental eye over John's empty plate. 'Are you finished?'
'I assume that was never part of your plan.' Sherlock's smile was full of teeth, gleaming white in the blue light cast off by the laptop screen. 'Tell me, did she pay you to help her stage her demise, or was the situation mutually beneficial?'
A smile flashed across Sherlock’s face, and he placed the cast down, almost reverent, before whirling away. A beckoning flick of those slender fingers had John following as Lestrade’s confused questions faded from earshot.
Oh god, the excess alcohol swimming around inside him must have made his faculties short out, because two seconds later the room was bathed in a deathly hush and his lips were pressed against John’s stunned mouth.
She nodded thoughtfully, then shook her head and laughed, “That sounds like my John….I remember when he was younger, when dad was still alive…he was so small compared to the other boys his age, and there was this one kid, Mark Lowther I think his name was, he used to call him na
Not that he gave a fuck. The only type of fuck he ever gave was the one he was giving now, hard and fast and dirty, the frame of his cheap bed protesting under the onslaught doing his best to fuck the bloke through the wall, a random he’d just met at one o’clock in the Costa where he worked. He’d asked for a Chai Latte and Sherlock’s number. His shift had ended thirty minutes later, in twenty they were back at the flat, and now they were here, in his room. It was now half-past two.
Sherlock could feel the blackness shimmering in his peripheral vision and white spots popped and danced before his eyes, he blundered towards the door like a blind man and Mycroft watched him go.
The house itself was fine and well-kept in outward appearance, and I entered with confidence, no lessened by what I discovered inside. The rooms that I saw were handsomely furnished as would befit the home of a gentlewoman, and were such as mama would wholeheartedly approve had she been alive to see them. I fancied myself the luckiest of young men to have found comfort with a most reputable family.
Whatever possessed grown women to sprout sequins everywhere at this time of year? Sherlock thought, as he took in the quite frankly, disturbing sights. And think it appropriate to assault the senses with liberal amounts of some cheap, cloying perfume and expose acres of their pasty, wobbling flesh?
Sherlock followed at a comfortable distance, even though by now he understood his anonymity was assured, but somehow he sensed that the normal rules of play didn’t apply when it came to him and John. The pub was half a mile away, standing between an Indian takeaway and an auto-spares shop.
John looked uncomfortable again and took a large gulp of still too hot tea before he answered, shooting Sherlock a nervous glance.
His lungs burst into flame and he couldn’t catch his breath. Sherlock slammed him on the back a few times, hard, then laughed when he finally sucked in enough air and started to cough, smoke shooting down his nose as well as out of his mouth as his eyes streamed with tears.
Mummy just sighed and opened all the windows “Oh dear Sherlock, those eggs we bought at the market yesterday must have gone off somehow, I must tell cook to get some more”
There were no words for me to say for speech had failed me once again, and so, taking my face between his hands he honored me instead with a kiss which said
“You’re completely off your face Sherlock…. you told me you were clean….what the hell? Have you gone mad? So I guess in some twisted way this is my fault is it, that you’re standing in my flat in the middle of the night off your head on coke? It is coke I’m guessing, feel free to correct me if I’m wrong, wanking me off and then giving a bloody convincing impression of someone who’s gagging for a damn good fuck!”
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed in reply. John was no idiot. Well, no more so than the average, but as far as Sherlock could tell the double meaning had clearly been intended. His father
