“When I was first taken, I was the equivalent of a twelve year old. Now… about eighteen, twenty at most. It’s difficult, to make an accurate timeline. It’s hard to tell time, in the clubs that my old master used to take me to.”
John found something soothing in the action of unloading his gun, in disassembling the parts with gentle hands and care, in checking to make sure the firing pin and spring were properly placed and that the gun itself was well oiled. He fell into the motions with surprising ease, all the while keeping up an internal monologue for Sherlock on what he was doing. The Northern Dragon's eyes sparked with interest, the scaled parts of his half-human form tinged a curious violet like plums. It didn't take long before Sherlock was asking impatient questions through their link, demanding to know about the sear lever and how much of recoil the gun had. John answered each question patiently, hands going through the motions, his blue eyes watching his Dragon with amusement. There was something.... unearthly about Sherlock when he was deeply fascinated by something, a sort of wide-eyed curiosity that took hold of him completely. It set in the creature's bones, making him seem younger somehow, almost childlike. The image of a Hatchling, bright-eyed and impetuous, filled John's thoughts for a n instant, and he blinked in surprise before it cleared. Sherlock as a child... John wondered what he must have been like,
make him easy to read. However, Sherlock is finding difficulty, like there is a missing piece he is unaware of. A deciding factor he can't grasp. Frowning slightly, he gently prompts the Doctor to continue, hoping to glean a hint.
The guilt would not leave. Like an iron stake, it lay heavy in John's chest. Rooting him to the spot. His teeth snagged on his lower lip, and his hands clenched at his sides. Taking a deep, fortifying breath, John collected his thoughts, bringing them to two singular paths:
Whether or not he actually could bring himself to go through with it, and whether or not he could actually take care of something so impossibly, ridiculously deadly.
Sherlock had nearly forgotten they were playing a Game. His eyes widened in false surprise and he nodded over-dramatically, apologizing with an act that was perhaps a bit over the top but made the little girl grin and giggle again. He knew he had to keep her talking, because it was obvious this personality would be a lot easier to manipulate. Not that he didn't genuinely think that the little creature was fascinating, but he needed information at this point.
“Then… it’s my fault if Sherlock can’t have all of his power.” John felt a surprising amount of guilt hit him squarely in the chest. It didn’t have time to fester, Greg’s face melting into irritation.
How over time, it became less pleading, and more bitter and lonely when it called his name. How was one expected to write about the feeling of going slowly insane within stretches of silence? How did one tell another that the only way they felt normal was when there was a gun pressed in his hands, and another aimed at his head?
“Get up,” she ordered, her voice ringing clear in the silence that had fallen with her presence. No one dared to move, wide eyes darting to Hawborne, then away. Cerioth swore he could feel individual droplets of sweat beading down the back of his neck. The man simply groaned, his face flushed and weary - dehydrated. Irene stepped closer to him. Cerioth sucked in a breath as he saw her knee lift, the heel of her boot coming down hard against the man’s ribs. Hawborne shrieked as a snap sounded through the air, his face turning pale as a sheet. The Dragon felt sick as he watched the man beside him clutch his middle, writhing against the sand.
He’d call go to the flat tomorrow, he resolved, if Sherlock didn’t answer by this evening. Mrs Hudson would let him in if John wasn’t around. His resolve hardened, the D.I turned to the last of his papers for the night.
“Yes, well. You’re going to find it a bit chilly without something at night,” John managed to respond, even as he pushed Sherlock’s fingers away while struggling to remind himself of his goal. Sherlock’s song was no longer like it had been as a child, high and sweet. No, it was a low baritone, and it pulled at something in John’s chest and made it difficult to think, to breathe. It made him want nothing more than to come to Sherlock’s arms, to feel the warmth of the bare, beautiful creature’s skin. John could imagine it, plucking away his woollen jumper, letting those large and delicate hands trace themselves over his shoulders and arms. He would be shorter than Sherlock, so he might have to stand on tiptoes to taste those lips. What would they feel like? They looked soft and were gently parted, wrapped around the barely-perceptible notes of a melody-
The elder Holmes sucked in a breath through his teeth. For a moment, he considered refusing to tell his brother. Grey eyes flicked to manicured nails, even as the elder Holmes carefully conceded that despite his reservations if Sherlock wanted to know, he would likely find out on his own. His voice felt heavy with defeat.
After what felt like a small eternity of flying, there was a crackling over the intercom of the speakers. The pilot’s voice, a woman’s, spoke crisply into the line.
Xavi inhaled, low and deep. He seemed to be lost to memories, but he spoke evenly enough. There was a distance too him as he stared, in the midst of his own thoughts.
It was for this reason that John decided to make a deal. It was impulsive, mad even, but then again, most Watsons were at least a little of both. He could picture his grandmother, cheering him on from wherever she was now. The image strengthened his resolve.
Neither of them laugh at the little joke, and it falls silent in the still air. Daniel's face is a tight mask of control, refusing to let any of his emotions break through to the surface. He can feel the control on The Body is tenuous right now, prone to slipping because adrenaline is what wakes him.
“Lord Murray is right, sir. Children amongst our kind are… rare yet they are prone to occur in large bursts of copulation.” There was something desperate in the Northern Dragon’s eyes, something that John saw but didn’t understand. He felt as though his companion had an ulterior motive, and found himself fervently wishing that whatever it was, it would not get them into trouble. Captain Bension frowned at Sherlock, taking in his words seriously. His voice was cool and efficient, but he might as well have said the worst possible thing.
Somehow, John Watson had become a double-edged blade that the Dragon now had to balance on a sharp precipice. On one side, a strange trust that was beginning to work itself reluctantly into his chest like the rhythmic lathering of soap into his curls. On the other, a tumbling pit that would lead to both of their demises.
A rather polite barking noise at his feet finally made his chin jerk downwards, and what John saw made a mixture of amusement and frank disbelief cross his features.
“You’re-” John swallowed against his words then, because he nearly uttered his unfiltered thoughts aloud:
the right thing to do. What was this? This was never mentioned in any account of dissociative disorder or any other mental illness like it. His friend was literally unresponsive, heart-rate even but a little fast, breath coming in shallow gasping from his chest. The detective was just about to call an ambulance (and then possibly his brother) When all the muscles in John's body tensed, and the army doctor's eyes fluttered as if he was waking from a dream.
, you great git! I was only going to touch it. No need to panic, it's not like I've ever broken anything of yours before.”
The idea of having the wolf at the Moon Ball, a celebration supposedly, seemed instinctively wrong, like letting a fox into a chicken coop.
Sherlock, unsure of who he was now talking to frowned. It took him a second, but he saw in John's face that it had been the same person that
Brigadier Morstan looked at Sebastian the way one might look at a child, her expression long-suffering even as she turned to Bill and addressed him with an apology.
Sherlock tried the word out, letting it roll over his tongue. The sensation of heat from the stone was brief, but the temperature that rose off of John’s skin beneath his lumpy-looking human clothes suggested the same fleeting sensation of comfort. The Selkie, trying to fully understand the meaning behind the term pressed one hand to John’s sternum, invading the last of his personal space with one obscenely spindly hand.
After waking from yet another unsettling dream that involved endless deserts, Molly chose to visit the pair. She knocked on the door despite it being unlocked, and then a moment later politely let herself in.
“Some types of Gems are more… difficult to form than others. Generally speaking, the stronger Gems are harder to create. Relatively common Gems such as Peridots, Rubies and whatnot are as common in our society as having brown eyes is in yours. Yet other Gems, they require some… trial and error.”
“Does the head of the school know you're trespassing on our room? Because if he doesn't I will make it my personal mission that he find out soon enough.” The cold, cutting certainty in Victor's brown eyes made the warm colour of his irises appear hard and ruthless. Sherlock until that moment hadn't realised quite how tall his friend was, but straightening, Victor reached Mycroft's height- surpassed it even. His normally stork-like limbs appeared now to be agile, braced as if for an impending brawl. The younger Holmes watched in silence as his older brother's smile didn't shrink, for once rather wide-eyed and stunned. Not because Victor was standing up for him, but because Mycroft didn't seem to know what to make of the man before him. Oh, he hid it well, but the elder Holmes was startled at having been so bluntly called out, and it threw him for a moment, long enough to allow a breath of hesitation, the likes of which Victor leapt upon and took advantage of in order to continue.
“That one is a Fireblossom, and that one a Maidenskirt.” Sherlock listed each dutifully, the verdigris of his eyes reflected by the forest. “The Fireblossoms are good for indigestion, and when you make a poultice out of Maidenskirt it can stave off warts.” John listened to the veritable wealth of information the man seemed to hold about various fauna, noting with some amusement that Sherlock’s expression was actually keen,
It was enough to break the tension in the atmosphere, the two men laughing a little at the detective’s own delight. Sherlock, flushing in pleasure and rapidly becoming the lesser clothed of the two, couldn’t find it in himself to mind particularly that he was the object of mockery. Not when John’s mouth descended past the dark, neatly trimmed thatch of dark curls surrounding Sherlock’s cock, pressing a kiss to the shaft of it with shy greeting. The detective’s eyes fluttered with pleasure, and he watched as his lover took his time, testing the waters. His long hands settled for bunching in the sheets, not wanting to risk pushing John too far by touching his head.
He would help John in any way he could. For without John, Sherlock came to the very real conclusion that he'd be dead by now. And wouldn't that be
John didn't speak, instead making a non-committal noise of apology even while inside he could care less. Ella didn't appear convinced when he chanced a look at her through his lashes. Instead her sigh was one of mild exasperation, and she seemed to collect herself before she tried again to convince him.
It was after a deep breath and a long period of standing frozen, that he finally pressed his lips to the detective’s. It took a full minute later before Sherlock all but folded like a stack of cards, pressing into the simple affection like a man starving for oxygen. Curled into John, spider-like fingers came to grip the ex-army doctor’s jumper, as if Sherlock was half-afraid if he didn’t that John would run away screaming. John for his part, was half fearful he might, turning into another personality he couldn’t hope to control. Yet for the first time, in so, so long… nothing happened, and the ex-army doctor could taste the contour of another’s lips against his own, feel the sweetness of a partner’s breath. It was intoxicating,
Instead of replying the detective rose from the chair he had seated himself in for most of the evening. His face was a mask of stone, unreadable, but the army doctor could detect in it the circles from more than a few sleepless nights. John, suddenly feeling as though everything was rushing back into his memory, felt his stomach plummet to the ground.
“She’s having surgery, this weekend.” Sherlock stated, and John felt his blood run cold, freeze to ice in his bones. His lover looked shell-shocked. “They think it might be cancerous. It’s in the lungs. She didn’t tell anyone, but if it is the tumour is big enough to be terminal.”
The forest started to burn, even despite the rain. Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care. After all,
“No two people are exactly alike. That doesn't make you a freak, it just means that you don't have all the parts most guys would. And your brain is not the problem, before you say so. It just functions differently, operates faster than most people's. Your attitude is caustic, but after what you've told me, I think that's a defence.”
“Humans mould themselves into images all the time, Mummy. They are ruled by their lives, by their families, even by other Humans. They seem to seek out leadership like sheep. If I can push and pull and shape the sea, surely a few hundred
” And there was something dangerous in the detective's eyes now, feral. It looked as if he might like to tear apart the girl from John's past if she had so much dared to wrong him. Sneak's answer however was not what he was expecting. Simple.
His companion harboured this personal theory for a while, only having it confirmed with an arrival of a black car- sleek and dangerous. Mycroft Holmes for John was a bit of a shock, he hadn’t expected to ever come across a Gem of the diamond league. Yet as he stepped into the parking lot (abandoned and empty save for a single, solitary figure) he could feel the energy crackling in the air. It caused his spine to stiffen with tension, and a voice at the back of his head to hiss Threat. It was loud enough to give him pause, looking at the man that stood before him and seeing several things at once that made the hair on the back of John’s neck stand on end.
This was not the same creature that stood before them. For starters, the wolf stood as tall as him at the shoulders, heavy ropes of muscle quivering with adrenaline. Its pelt was jet black, making the lanterns of its eyes glow hotly. Its right eye was marred by a deep-running scar, a gash of silver and pink. This alone was horrifying enough, but John felt his blood turn to ice as the wolf’s muzzle seemed to contort itself into a warped grin. A noise came from it, human laughter with an undercurrent of growling. The hair on the back of John’s neck stood on end. He clutched Sherlock’s hand tightly. Sherlock’s face was icy as he regarded the creature, a dangerous energy crackling through the sky. Thunder.
The army doctor, in that moment, had admitted to only himself that he didn’t think he could live with himself if he ever did that to Sherlock, even if the Dragon begged it of him.
Sherlock’s smile only grew, a Cheshire Cat aglow with possibility. It left in John a twisting sick feeling, liquid and slick. It was as if he were slowly sinking into something both intangible, and inescapable.
John, you need a place of familiarity. A place that you consider safe. London isn't it, not yet at least. The blog which I wanted you to write in has been empty now for a month.”
The next morning, the army doctor found toast crumbs, all over the kitchen counter. In the living room, an empty plate and an irate detective, rambling about the state of a case. Sherlock cut off as the army doctor pressed a relieved kiss to his temple, smoothing his curls away from his face.
John darted a glance at the Selkie, realising that Lestrade was sharing something that he must have felt to be rather private. He was hunched over his now-cold tea, dark eyes lost in thought. His hands cupped the mug, thumbs sweeping in self-soothing circles about the rim before continuing on.
to him. He found words coming to his lips, and found he didn’t care how needy they sounded. He’d had a long day, and no one but Sherlock was around to hear him.
Seated crossed-legged amongst a sea of stacked books, John hesitated before opening to the first page. For a moment, he considered why he didn't just leave, walk away. Not for the first time. Why hadn't he run yet? His therapist had labelled him with trust-issues, with
this? He was torn between wishing he could report the horrible qualities of the Kennels to someone and wanting to just run and never turn back. He
Because if someone ever were to try, the detective would tear a strip out of them, his tongue still sharp despite the slow clawing deterioration of his mind.
Right away, the blonde man is aware he's made a mistake. Sherlock turns to look at him, glaring with a surprisingly malicious smirk that almost begs to be challenged. Like a switch there's a predatory instinct in that stare, and John realizes he's unknowingly triggered a streak of pride in the Detective.
To his surprise Sherlock cocked his head to the side as if John's voice was a curiosity, blue eyes tracking the shape of his lips and how they moved. The army doctor found himself sighing, some of his fear melting away to sheer exasperation as he realised.
“Sherlock Holmes, yes. I deduce you’ve got him held somewhere nearby… given the fact that you were collecting seawater and have his scent all over you.”
screaming inside of his chest. His mind reached for John’s and found only silence. He tried not to let that crawl over his skin, his mind literally blocking the notion from manifesting into being.
A caretaker's complex. Not unusual for a person who practised medicine. Still with John he pondered on the question if it ran deeper than that. If it had something to do with his obviously rough childhood past. Though even he couldn't deduce everything about the outline of what had become of John's family, he could tell a few things. One, it had happened when John was quite,
“That would be because there were none used.” She sounded almost amused, as if she were being indulgent. Tracing a line along the body’s trachea, the Gem murmured her deduction. “Air. By itself, we need it. We inhale it, both Human and Gems. Yet inject it into someone’s vein, and what do we get?”
John wasn’t sure how much English Sherlock understood, but he had the feeling he was doing his best to learn as quickly as possible. The Selkie was watching his lips move as he shaped words, and a rumbling question that for once was not in song came from the creature, laced with confusion.
The first thing Sherlock became aware of was the absence of heat. To a Northern Dragon, Afghanistan was a boiler, and he had grown accustomed to sweating constantly, to sunburn and fatigue. The air around him felt cool, nearly cold. It was pleasant, and he lay there for a moment with mindless relief, drinking the sensation in. If this was a dream, he didn’t want to leave it.
What seemed like hours later, she crawled out of the tub to find the phone. Towel drying her hair, face blotchy and red, Shyla waited patiently for the headmaster of her brother's school to answer, to let her speak to Mycroft. But when Myc responded, his voice held the heavy tone of a stranger.
Like the foam to a bloody ocean meeting a wave, they clashed in ugly contrast with their polar opposites, the blue-shirted conservative party brandishing their own signs like swords across the street. Their letters were bright gold, and held emboldened sentences that glinted like a Dragon's treasure as it gleamed in the sun.
He guessed by the way his Mate was rambling on, John was saying something to the effect of his capture. Lightly the Selkie tugged on his restraints, feigning an innocent expression with wide eyes. Softly, he sang.
Then the scene melted, changed and shifted like a coalescing of colours, and the Dragon found himself on his knees. Rough hands gripped the edges of his curls, and spikes of pain tightened about his throat as the chain-link contraption that had been his collar at the time bit into his skin. The man above him smiled lazily, grin spreading across his attractive features, twisting them into something cruel. The blonde of his locks glinted like amber, and as Sherlock reached with trembling hands for his belt buckle, the features changed. Suddenly John was towering over him, John was smiling cruelly, but it only lasted a moment before the expression melted into a feature Sherlock recognised on the soldier's face. Terror.
He said the words conversationally, but Sherlock reacted as if he had spat vitriol at him. The detective straightened, ice creeping into his tone as he firmly set down the microscope he had been attempting to put away. His light blue eyes were cast over with storm.
he was working on them, all anonymous tips). What had attracted him to such a man of Wilkes' stature, well, Sherlock supposed it started with the man singling
At first, he could feel the muscles in the beast coil under his hand, and the young man cringed and waited for the inevitable snarling and snapping of teeth where he could say goodbye to his hand. However in the next instant, something happened that made John for just a moment freeze, his mouth falling open in surprise as he had to blink to make sure what he was feeling was actually real. The Dragon, after pulling away from him and the coolness of the cloth,
John could still sometimes recall the crunch of crisp snow under his boots, and the way his breath had appeared before his fascinated eyes like the clouds in the sky before fading off into the distance. So early in the morning, hardly anyone was out and about. It had been strange, seeing his slum of a district utterly still and peaceful. Like the entire world was holding their breath, creating one Christmas Miracle in the form of a moment of deafening silence. Their footsteps had sound so loud, and they pressed into the fresh white flakes under them and painted them with their passing. His Mother had taken them to the ladder on the side of the one grocery store, called Sarnie's
“A long war was fought, and the moon goddess was forced to banish the darkness, lock it in place so it wouldn’t consume everything in its path. To do this, she was cursed to never be able to see her husband in the daylight again. Many eons passed, and humans forgot anything but the dawn and the dark, and the stars that light their path home every night. But the wolf, it did not forget, and it grew hungry as the years rolled by. More than anything, it was desperate for a way to destroy what mattered to the moon goddess the most: her children.”
He was nearly on the other side of the alley, his figure passing into the shadow of an overhanging sign, when the sound of a gunshot rang out. Turning, John saw a flash of green hair was the girl that had handed him the flyer fell to the ground, clutching her middle in a silent cry of pain. The crowd surged, shouting accusations at the shaking sergeant that held their still-smoking gun. His wide brown eyes were filled with shocked tears as he stared at the muzzle of his own weapon in horror. He looked no older than eighteen. Then he was blocked out as hundreds of bodies rushed at him all at once.
It was then that he left, nodding smartly at Molly before carrying on his way, leaving behind him foggy footprints that soon melted away with the warmth of Sherlock’s Palace. It was only after he left that John remembered that the man had at one point, wandered in his dreams.
. Scuffed trainers probably, and John had always been fond of blues and reds. The image he saw in his mind's eye quickly transformed. The eyes turned dark, and Conrad's snarl marred those features. It would have made a chilling sight, to see a boy normally so quiet and subdued become a monster in all of a second.
His cloak was still on the beach, tucked safely behind some driftwood. He would not reach it in time. This time, Sherlock did not ease.
Sometimes the ex army doctor truly hated the infuriating man. However his hatred only multiplied when he was suddenly wrenched backwards, the cold muzzle of a gun pressed to his temple as a growling voice sounded in his ear. John's breathing picked up as he realised.
“The adults are too big, and if you tried to take one of their pups they'd murder you. Besides, they're just babies right now, it wouldn't be fair.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, James.” He held out a hand to shake. The child did not take it, looking at his hand with thinly-veiled distaste. Instead he turned towards his adopted brother, his head tilting in consideration to the side.
Sherlock’s next thought was to his leg, which he noticed was no longer hurting him quite so badly. Looking down, the Dragon noted that it had been bandaged. The state of it suggested he had been asleep for a while, as it only stung when he leaned too much upon it.
“Is it worth it, at least? Being…A junkie. Probably a thief. Being... Whatever it is you are. Do you feel any kind of pride in...
It was silent, seeming to look at him as if mocking his confusion. John was afraid that if he touched it, it might spring into song. He stared at it shakily, still trying to make sense of what he had experienced. The room around him seemed to press inwards, no longer frozen but a living thing left to rot, to die slowly in the dust and neglect. His skin was crawling, and he could take it no longer. John snatched up the music box and fled, closing the door behind him.
But no answers could be found in the static of their minds. Every one of them was hiding themselves away from his mental probe, and to John this was the most disconcerting part. His blue eyes flicked to Murray and John saw that his friend wore a strangely pensive expression. He didn't ask if Bill had felt the weight too, if he had been sucked into the strange, time-slowing dimension that he had inhabited for that brief moment. For one, there was no way to do so without telling the others in the truck what had happened.
John denied, causing the detective to look up at him carefully through the fan of his lashes. He flushed a little at his own outburst, but found himself carrying on regardless. “Sherlock, nothing about what Sebastian implied was true. I don’t hate you, and anyone who does just… doesn’t see the things a mind like yours can do for this world.”
Then his Da had taken his belt to him, and John hadn't been able to keep quiet. Harry had come home just in time to stop his father from choking him to death using the piece of leather. Of all the fights he had, that one had been one of the worst, because John had been unsure if he would actually live. Most of the time, he could handle Da's moods, because he had always known that eventually it would end. When that buckle though had dug into his trachea, he hadn't been so sure.
Most of the men who had done this before were already awake, Bill folding his night shirt and pants together even as he shook the water out of his curled hair. He grinned at both Dragon and soldier when he noticed they were awake, buttoning up the long-sleeved undershirt of his uniform and covering the tanned expanse of his freckled chest as he spoke. John caught a flash of bright blue and red flame just brushing the man's clavicle as a tattoo before it was hidden from sight.
not willingly, but out of fear. Apparently, he had been on a boat shipping slaves to the North when the rebels had liberated the ship- in exchange demanding allegiance of the slaves held inside. Being young and heavily pregnant at the time, Xavi had believed it would be the only way they would let him survive. This he explained to John animatedly even as the army doctor got to work by carefully scrubbing the grime out of his new patient’s curls, working apart the knots that had been created from both sweat and blood and sand. The water under his fingers came away tinged red with it, and John found that Xavi was much more used to human contact than Sherlock had been when he’d first come into his care. This was explained as the young Dragon chattered away, becoming much like a duckling following its mother in the way he so quickly attached himself to John. It was clear he was used to affection.
, much like you humans worry after your own. A mother does not part well from her pups, and my kin do not part well from their blood, similarly. My brother is missing his cloak. I can only assume you’ve taken it for protective measures.” A narrowing of those grey eyes “That will no longer be necessary. Give it to me, and we shall be on our way come nightfall.”
He was so happy that he barely noticed when the water started to turn from translucently clear to muddied and red-brown. The first of many layers of dirt was working itself free from his skin, and it tinged the water an ugly shade somewhere between caked blood and sickly green vomit as he cupped it in his clawed hands in idle speculation. Sherlock noticed that over time, the ice around him started to melt. His wings stretched outwards on either side of him, cramped but not uncomfortable as he scooped the last remaining cubes into his mouth greedily. Their slushy flavour was still tantalizing. Waste not want not, even if they were slightly gritty.
Sherlock was not a weapon. That much, John knew. It was in the way that the man relied on John for physical protection so often, and in the nature of his violin and the way in which his delicate body both seemed long and so, so fragile.
“The Home told them of my condition. But.... I don't think they really believed in it until... Until one of the older kids got into a fight with me. It was over something stupid, they took my favourite book or something, I don't even know. He was a lot bigger than me, nearly sixteen. Anger management issues. I remember the back of his hand smacking me. That's when everything went kind of dark.”
“Looks like a simple case of heatstroke, it'd be pretty normal considering his species. I take it he hoards the cold water in the evenings?”
Not that John didn't suspect a large part of the money his father gathered wasn't spent on Harry's rather... impulsive habits. More than once he'd heard his sister sneak in late at night, smelling of Flower-Wine and giggling into the neck of her best friend, Clara. It seemed sometimes his sister had naught a care in the world, but John knew that all of that was just a front.
“You don't make us leave.” The request came hushed, and the detective remembered his earlier words, said as much in truth as they had been in anger. Before he could respond, Sneak rushed onwards, throwing out excuses, reasons in a silver-tongued streak that was just on the other side of begging.
Not many knew, just how often Dodge had done just that. Gripped him by the hand and pulled him back into reality. As it was, he tried not to feel like a failure when his Mistress said softly “You're in no state to drive. Give me the keys.”
This chapter is very short. However the next one will likely wind up being quite a bit longer. it's just the way they got split this time ^_^
Though no one could be sure who it came from, it was repeated to her unease more often than she could truthfully count that night.
John kept his eyes closed, afraid of what he might glance on Sherlock's face. He kept his head bowed until long, elegant fingers gripped his shoulders, and a low, rumbling voice sounded by his ear. Hesitant, but sure.
good. It didn’t matter that his partner was rather inexperienced as a whole, because Sherlock wasn’t exactly a virtuoso at sex either. What made it good was the fact that John
Immediately the detective turned, facing the elderly woman who was frowning in hurt and surprise before him. Mrs Hudson's gaze was filled with disapproval, her hands on her hips as she stated with a deadly kind of finality
Most adults of his kind only achieved it when they were fully grown. A once in a lifetime kind of spell. As it was, the pup could
“We’ve got Vultures coming at us!” Death-types, then. Ones that thrived not on violence but murder. John once again reached for his quiver, knowing it was going to be a long and gruelling evening.
the bastard doesn't ever admit to making mistakes, not for anyone. And most of the time, he doesn't bother being self-sacrificing, it's not in his nature. So, trying to do a good thing and then getting scolded for it? He likely thinks you're fed up with him.”
John looked at him with a mixture of exasperation and pleading. The soldier's gaze turned to Dodge, and Sherlock realised with some annoyance that
Ryuk’s growl sealed John’s fate, heavy with implication. It erased some of the glowing edges of the mood, and John’s hands curled in his lap in wordless expectation.
haven't met him yet then. Interesting. When I read your file, I would assume out of all the personalities we've recorded you at least would be aware that you are moving in with a flatmate. One Sherlock Holmes to be precise.”
“He has not harmed me, if that is your question.” Sherlock denied flatly, his voice deadpan and neutral. Still he lay like a marionette with its strings cut, the utter picture of boredom and contempt. “I have merely found my usual experiments and research… dull. As of late.” One spidery hand shooed at Mycroft, and the motion seemed a gargantuan effort on Sherlock’s part. “Go away, Mycroft. Find someone else to mother hen over.”
Elena Rosalie Watson-Holmes was in every way in terms of appearance, her father's daughter. Bright blonde hair, tumbling down her back in loose waves that distinctly reminded John of Harry's younger years, and eyes that were cobalt blue, prone to being expressive and open. However in temperament, she was very much Sherlock's child. Precocious, sulky, and prone to mood swings at the tip of a hat. She worshipped the ground her mother walked on for the first few months of her life, following the darkly-curled detective about the flat like a yellow duckling first at a crawl, then at a stumbling walk. This at first had been a rather cute sight for John, and he'd spend many an hour giggling slightly at Elena's attachment, at how she'd tug insistently on the tails of Sherlock's blue robe or throw one of her plush building blocks at the Dragon's head if she felt neglected. Not that this happened very often, unless there was an incredibly interesting case going on (At least a nine). John watched on for the first year, amazed but not the least bit surprised, as he saw Sherlock be the equivalent of a mother hen towards their child.
you a clue.... Didn't you get my little note? Doesn't the great detective love his puzzles and games?”
John didn’t tell anyone, not even Greg, that the wound from Sherlock’s bite twinged sometimes.  That when he touched it, a fizzle of pleasure shot down his spine. In the days to come, he would trace it and watch as his skin knitted over the wound with inhuman speed, the mark turning silvery but never quite fading. Eventually, he was sent back home, back to an empty house, and what he was beginning to recognise as an empty life.
He dreamed of dark curls atop a small head, and the blisteringly harsh beauty of mountains standing starkly. They threatened to pierce the sky like knives, far higher than the trees and the cities of Man that dwelt far below. From where he stood on the ledge of the outcropping rocks, he could see the smoke from their chimneys, drifting lazily into the air like mist. That darkly-curled head of hair bobbed softly as the small Hatchling stumbled about on unsteady limbs, used to four legs instead of two. Soft babbling in Dragon-Tongue muttered under the child's breath, he watched as the Hatchling gurgled happily to himself. He watched as the small creature wandered over to the edge of the precipice, green-blue eyes sharp and piercing as he scooped up a shining stone from a larger pile of rocks. Cradling it in his fingers, the Hatchling babbled possessively over the stone, examining its shine in the early morning sunlight. Its crystal facets shone over his cheekbones, dazzling shades of purple and indigo and sparkling white. Vivid. The man smiled down at the Hatchling, feeling a swell of affection pass through his chest at the innocent and curious face his little one presented him. He felt a warm pride in the tiny Dragons' searching skills, the collection of treasure a normal and wonderfully instinctive part of growing up for all of his kind.
My own mother...” Sherlock trailed off, eyes darkening slightly before he continued with the same familiar, crisp notes of indifference “What I am saying, John, is that I don't have friends. But I have
lines of skin, lips pursing in thought as she looked up at him through her eyelashes to gauge his reaction. Walter didn't seem overly concerned, expression blank but friendly as he looked at her out of the corner of his eye. It was obvious the marks were
“Has stated that you are to find the bride who bears the Mark of a stone's kiss.” Mycroft finished for him, eyebrow arching as Sherlock flounced backwards and crossed his arms over his thin chest. He looked like a small child, pouting because he was not allowed any sweets.
The ex-army doctor had seen when Sherlock had dove into an abandoned construction site, but he hadn't accounted for the fact that the detective would so willingly throw himself at the killer, diving after him even as the man tripped and managed to knock over a vat of tar and oil mix. The result had been not only messy, but chaotic.
The words were not bitter. Rather, they were matter-of-fact, almost firm. Yet his eyes dared Sherlock to challenge the statement, and after a moment the detective took the bait reluctantly.
He was on his feet and shifting into his full form just as John rolled out of the tent, hair mussed with sleep but uniform on. In his hands was Sherlock’s new harness that had been made with their newly found ascension.  Pausing only to strap it onto the massive, blue-grey Dragon, John strapped one leg into its holding place before swinging himself up into the dip-like saddle. The other foot was barely strapped in before the young army medic was kicking lightly at Sherlock’s sides.
John was almost sure he had bollocksed something up somewhere when he heard the shower running. The ex-army doctor found the familiar, sinking sensation of guilt and helplessness fill him, something that was not unfamiliar but definitely unwelcome these past few months. Ever since opening the proverbial pandora’s box on his lover’s past, it seemed that he couldn’t much stop those feelings from building within him. They occasionally made way into anger, and it was something that made John want to grit his teeth and clench his fists in equal measure. It was unfair of him, to feel as though Shyla wasn’t trying hard enough. Sherlock, Shyla, both sides of the detective had spent most of their lives trying, had adapted to their own gender identity and carved out a life for themselves, one that they were graciously allowing John into. When it came down to it, the ex-army doctor couldn’t even say he was angry, more like he was pained. After his conversation with the elder Holmes, the
on you sometimes! And it's only when people are trying to help you, stubborn...” She continued to mutter in varying levels of annoyance even as she stalked forward, setting herself between John and Sherlock like a buffering device. Her gentle hands crossed themselves over her chest, and she faced the detective as a silently burning flame, quickly dissolving into something gentler when she took in how hard the curly-haired man was trembling. Sherlock stared at the ground, blue eyes flicking at anywhere and everywhere but the two faces before him. His shoulders were hunched inward, as if he wished not to be seen. Like a schoolboy, bracing himself for punishment. In a croaking rasp, the detective muttered something unintelligible under his breath. It sounded vaguely defensive.
Little did the creature realise until it was too late, that John had a piece of driftwood in his hands, creeping soundlessly behind Sherlock until he raised it high in the air, and firmly brought it down with cold brutality over the Selkie's skull.
Sherlock’s eyes shut with the deluge of information, wordlessly assimilating the data even as his voice came as a hiss through the cage of his teeth.
to see that there was a veil covering John's emotions. His walls had come up, and now he was facing Fort Watson, a castle made of steel.
The girl bit her lip, gaze sliding towards his own once before once more flicking to her lap. John’s form quivered, wracking sobs shuddering through his form in silence.
Can't send her away. MINE. MY FLAT. MY JOHN. MY MATE.” And Sherlock's eyes were suddenly huge and vulnerable, looking to his Mate with a question that the army doctor had the feeling he wouldn't like. The Dragon's voice was soft as he asked, fingers tightening over the stone, holding it to his chest. He looked as though he'd suddenly like to pull John closer as well, hide him in the expanse of his wings, which had sprouted from his back in a shower of sparks and brimstone. They quivered with indecision.
The Water-Spirit’s voice was clear. Enunciated. Each vowel was carefully rolled over with grace. He said only a few sentences, but they were heavy with truth.
“Have you come just to mock me, or to darken the doorstep and interrogate my bride? Because either is frankly unwelcome but if it’s the first then I have no issues with kicking you out. The latter I’m only allowing because you can report back to Mummy, and save her the trip here.”
Sherlock flushed, and John knew then that he had said something right because the Dragon looked away and mumbled defensively
Only the alley in which Claude wandered into apparently hadn't been as empty at she initially assumed.
“The pleasure is ours. I’m Ersa and this is Hamish. We look forward to meeting her majesty and to be working with you.”
sound like his mother. That was far meaner than he remembered her to be. He suddenly felt as if he were afloat in a family dynamic that he had not been a part of in too long, watching as if from underwater as his sister bared her teeth in open hatred of the woman across from them.
Prompt, without emotion. The personality's voice sings the word like a hushing croon. Those eyes flicked away from Sherlock's face, only to settle once on Sneak's guitar. Avoidance. Stress. Pain. Fear. Every move
John couldn't stop Sherlock before he made the kill, jaws clamping down on the Dragon's throat and tightening. A sickening
Briefly delighted, he grabbed one of the logs from its stack by the mantel of the fireplace, tossing it into the grill before standing painfully to his feet to go hunting for matches. He had brought none of his own, but he could recall how his grandmother had used to hide them in the top cabinet – away from where curious little hands might reach.
Sherlock was gentle in his ministrations, and he looked for bruises or pain that he had caused as without preamble he began to unbutton John's shirt, wanting to make sure the man's ribs were whole and intact. Beneath him the Human recoiled and spluttered weakly, but the Selkie paid him no mind as he struggled with the strange skin the creature beneath him wore, fighting with the fastenings momentarily before working them free. Once the material was open, the Selkie mapped out the differences in his Mate's older form, eyes tracking the gold dusting of hair that trailed past his navel to disappear under more fake skin, to the freckled and tanned muscles that were likely once hard and prominent but now were slightly softened from a few months of inactivity. Sherlock noted that his Mate had been fighting, somewhere warmer than here, like where his pod migrated to during harsher times. It was evident in the dozens of little marks lining the Human's skin, white and pink and some still red. However, the largest caused the Selkie to growl, and beneath him the Human flinched violently as his shoulder was exposed, revealing the scar that radiated outwards in a starburst pattern down his arm and clavicle, bright pink and still healing.
good, and illogically Sherlock's brain tried to tell him that anyone with this kind of cooking ability couldn't be evil.
So, he could assume then that Daniel had been alive for some time, to have perfected that movement even while he noticed how the man took stock of all exits and exactly where he was at all times. There was an alert quality about him, though outwardly he remained reasonably polite and relaxed.
For Sherlock, the word held a number of unpleasant associations in his mind - the largest issue glowing in his mind like the fading echo of fireworks. Since the day he had come into this realm shrieking and snarling like any normal demon, he had been expected to grow up to embrace his calling, his nature. By one hundred years he had fully grown into both his horns and his tail, and yet still Sherlock’s libido lagged terribly. That wasn’t to say he wasn’t seductive, no. In his teachings he had been amongst the top of his class, if a class counted as a gaggle of demon children learning of their place in the universe. Sherlock knew how to move his body, how to draw the eye towards the softer parts of his form and away from the dead glint in his eye or the unnatural stillness of his silhouette.
The blonde youth wondered to himself if it wasn't too late to go back, flushing in embarrassed apology.
“Kill us, Sherlock Holmes. Kill us and end this. End the screaming in our head. John wants to die, we all just want to
He called softly, uncertain of what he'd get in response. It was disconcerting for the darkly-curled Detective to admit, but he was swimming just a little blind in this situation. Like he was wandering into a mine-field blindfolded with his hands tied. All of it had happened so quickly, and the person on the other side of the door was so different from the quiet, tea-drinking man that he had grown accustomed to. Gone was the hauntedness, the gentle smile, and in its' place was something explosive and deadly.
The spark of curiosity is there, well hidden under the mask of ice but Daniel sees it nonetheless. For the moment he allows himself a tight smile, the upturning of lips more bared teeth than friendliness.
He murmured, and it was not accusatory, merely defeatist. It was clear to John that Sherlock was just as, if not more unhappy with the whole marriage situation as he was. In fact, the Water-Spirit seemed to view John as something like an unwanted pet, and the fact made the young man’s ears burn in sudden shame.
That feeling threatened now, the window open and blowing gently the promise of morning sunrise on the horizon. The sky was pale grey, approaching yellow, and it quivered with the promise of a warm morning, should it be let to run its course. The bed frame lay directly in the sunrises’ path.
came the bland retort, cool as you please. Sherlock stood then, shoving the skeleton creature off of his lap with a brush of his hands before rising to his full height. His wings stretched outwards and behind him, semi-transparent and smoky shades of red and black, matching the midnight tone of the sable cloak that only just covered his modesty. Now he fingered it absently, listening to Mycroft’s patronising tone with flared nostrils and a sigh of impatience on his lips.
When he moved, there was a faint glint along his arms that caught her eye, and she noticed how the ones along the man's wrists and inner elbow seemed to follow a sort of pattern, jagged and intense. She was a doctor, and it was obvious to her eye what the marks should mean. However, they were old and faded, and Sarah did not believe in prying into a person's
Born from rage, he woke in the world an infant, howling and terrified and yet an adult in mind and body. He had lashed out, striking any that would come near. Many tried, and many learned quickly that he was not someone to be crossed. He was a caged tiger, a rabid wolf to be kept in a choke collar. He was fury, and he was John’s temper kept under lock and key. He was a broken fragment, unable to feel anything except anger, and when he woke his heart pounded and blood sang in his ears.
“...Afghanistan.” The young man swallowed, looking briefly at his hands. The mention of his military future once again sent that peculiar rush through him, a mixture of adrenaline, excitement and trepidation. How did the man
The bowl looked thoroughly unappetizing before him, the floating contents already turning into mush. The glint of his spoon was quicksilver, but it felt dull in the detective's hands. Heavy. Everything... felt so heavy.
Merina instinctively looked towards Harry, who was still slouched against the boot of the car. She had refused to talk to either of them all summer, her expression stormy as she looked out on the dark waters. Mrs Watson sighed at her daughter's figure, wishing she hadn't been the one to put such a sour expression on the young teenager's face. Looking small and lost, Harry's chin was a firm, solid line that refused to tremble as she felt her parent's gaze on her, her stare not lifting from the small diary she kept clutched in her hands.
a puppet cut from its strings, collapsed in a slump on the floor. It was eerie, that clear blue gaze that seemed to fix on the detective and yet not really see him. Shell-shocked, would be an apt description.
“We want to know if you suspected anything before now. We thought we were doing a pretty good job at acting, but this is a good chance to learn if we made any mistakes.”
John shook his head slowly. He hadn’t in truth given the idea much thought. He was aware of the basics, that Gems were sentient rocks essentially, but little more.
.” Then Victor looked at him more closely, a small frown coming to his features as he noticed his friend's posture. Cautiously, Victor peered.
Then the Water-Spirit rolled onto his side of the bed, and John was left staring up at the ceiling, wondering if he could strangle the man beside him when he’d fallen asleep.
Her hair was done in delicate braids, tied back and held in place with gold combs and pins. Her red lips were strangely more vivid than her skin, which was pale and ashen. The clear blue eyes that levelled John’s were strangely Sherlock-like, observant and cutting at once.
he was abruptly forced to endure. The tunnel emerged into the heart of London, and with it came like a smack across the face the strangest sensation of becoming crawlingly claustrophobic in the middle of a central city.
John, peeved that Sherlock was being treated like an object but grudgingly in agreement, laughed awkwardly. “You have
The loo was cold and empty, and immediately Sherlock's stomach dropped out from under him as he realised that there were two exits out of the room. Without looking around, the detective was instantly aware that he was the only living thing there, standing amongst lonely stalls and mirrors that reflected his solitary face only. Glancing about, his hands tightened into slow fists as dozens of possibilities flowed through his mind, clamouring about and jostling one another in an attempt to be noticed. The noise of it was almost deafening, so much so that Sherlock almost noticed that one of the mirrors was partially covered by a folded napkin jammed into its edge. Almost stumbling towards it, the detective pulled it from its position and carefully unfolded it in his hands. Written in a scrawling hand that was not unlike John's and yet significantly different, a note read:
“My father grew up off th' coast not too far from here. Used t' watch the fishin' boats drift in, lazy an' sweet. Him and his two brothers, both older than him by two an' four years. They helped their father repair his boats an' nets, an' I remember to this day that if you ran yer fingers over my dad's hands, you could feel every knot he ever tied imprinted in his flesh. He worked long an' hard summers fixin' em, an' it was when he was nearin' eighteen that one night on the moor he caught sight of somethin' that would forever haunt him still.”
“He’s saying they’re refugees and slaves, from a small village. He says his name’s Kabir, and that the
Jim never got to finish his question, for quite suddenly where his chest had a hand stuck out of it, red and bleeding, sharply clawed. It gripped a heart, still beating but black as coal, stringy and bloody in its grip.
The silence permeated between the two of them like a thick cloak, until finally John could stand it no longer. Cracking a vaguely nervous smile, he tried to make his tone light, friendly.
Most of all, it distracted John from murmuring the creature's name, letting it roll off of his tongue in curiosity. Like pressing against a new gap in his mouth where a tooth had once been, strange and compelling.
Sherlock tasted like tobacco, like peppermint and tea and impatience. A heavy aphrodisiac that left John feeling as though he were falling without end. It was a breathless sensation that reminded him of adrenaline and the harsh beauty of Afghanistan, and hungrily he leaned forward for more, only to feel the detective begin to draw away. For a second, that falling sensation turned into lead in John’s stomach, his fear that this was something Sherlock did not want causing his eyes to fly open, his ears to redden in shame.
“Not because of them.” She said, and her eyes opened and she looked at Sherlock pleadingly. It was an appeal to understand, to know. “Not because of the other kids. Because-”
Instead of answering his question, the man came forward, taking the hard plastic chair that Sherlock so often occupied. His gaze was keen as he regarded John.
“....There's one last door.” His friend said, almost silently. To which Sherlock's brow raised. One last personality. His voice was cautious. This could be an opportunity.
“A week from now. He would be an adult by now.” Then unspoken went between them, things left unsaid that Sherlock had considered before. Things that flitted across his brain like puzzle pieces, questions with no whole.
“You emphasized consensual.” Sherlock murmured quickly, eyes narrowing. Sneak however looked at him, pale brow arching.
The way John kissed him, it was as if the soldier could feel such scars of his past, like he wished he could rub them away even as his hands began to lift Sherlock's shirt above his head, warm calluses spreading on taught abdomen. The sensation sent peculiar shivers through the detective's spine. Like sunlight touching his skin. However as John pressed higher, the soldier's fingers stilled, and Sherlock opened his eyes that had fallen closed in helpless conflict to see John staring up at him, blonde brows furrowed in concern. In the shadow that he created, Sherlock could see the blue of the doctor's eyes, dark and luminous in their depth, nearly swallowed whole by the centre black ring of his pupils. The sight sent an ache through Sherlock, something heady and sweet that he hadn't felt for another in a long time. It was the kind of throb that could be felt shooting from his navel all the way to his collar-bones.
If Victor had known what Sebastian would demand later on that night, had he been awake when Sherlock finally stumbled home, bruised and shaken and far more shattered than he would ever let on, he might not have smiled so warmly as his friend gave an almost shy wave in departure.
It didn’t take long for a quiet hum of static in the air to alert John to the fact that among the group before them (and he could see now, there were about five or six of them in total) there was indeed a Dragon. The crackling sound of a stranger’s thoughts at work ran over his skin like the lick of fire, and he wordlessly raised his hand, preparing himself for a battle. Except before Benson could give the order, Bill’s voice rang out, his hand darting out to point out what was fast becoming more and more clear.
The promise of the soft waves called his name for the entirety of the trip, leaving little John Watson dreaming happily of swimming and sea-shell hunting.
Seething, Sherlock had barely been able to refrain from biting that hand, if only because he didn't want kindness when it was obvious all of this would tumble and fall apart like sand drifting through his palms.
Sneak's smile was gentle, for someone who's hands were slowly moving upwards to the pale column of the detective's throat.
The killer: one Joshua Hester was caught mere hours later. Lestrade apprehended him, and the blue glow of police lights cast an eerie shadow over the Yard, dawn fast approaching. The D.I didn’t seemed surprised when he found them, seeming to recognise Iolite and smiling tiredly up at her.
She didn't know if it would work, but she was willing to try. Carefully she leaned forward, still aware of the hidden strength in Sherlock's limbs that could tear her apart. She made full moves, certain that he knew she was there even if was only subconsciously.
Sherlock came to a stop at the centre of the pool’s edge, gaze flicking about in the silence, waiting for the next move. He needn’t have waited long.
. Different from the other Alters the detective had met as of yet. Sneak did not hesitate to speak of the others, steadily making his way through the tin of desserts even while complaining good-naturedly about his weight. He was brutally honest in his observations, to the point where Sherlock might call him deliberately callous, but he always seemed to know when to draw away at the last moment. He spoke in riddles, opening doors and then putting barricades in front of them when the detective tried to pry his way inside. Talented at giving nothing and everything away, Sherlock
“H-how… how do you…” John stuttered even as his hands scrubbed at his forehead, trying to block the song out. It was becoming harder for him to remember why Sherlock was tied down...
“Mrs. Hudson dropped by last night after you had gone. Apparently, she had been making a German chocolate cake for her friends at the bingo hall and just happened to make a small extra layer by accident.” John winked, chuckling to himself at the joke he made even as Sherlock mentally took into account the presence of an elderly Human who liked to bake (Explained the other scent, perfume most likely worn because she is visiting a 'gentleman friend' at the bingo hall). However, his thoughts came up short when he realized that he had no idea what a German chocolate cake actually was or what it tasted like.
His voice was disapproving, hinting just on the other side of jealous. John felt his mouth drop open in surprise. However he didn't have time to reflect on it, as he suddenly found his attention drawn by what Morstan was saying.
It swam like a clumsy fish, Sherlock observed in bemusement. John Watson appeared to know very little about the mechanics of the ocean's waves, as he tried to swim against them instead of following its natural currents in order to get closer to Sherlock. The man-beast seemed intent of swallowing more salt water than actually swimming in it, kicking and splashing in such an obscene way that Sherlock found it to be oddly amusing. The pup's bubbling giggle was not unlike John's own, perhaps more clicking before the creature dove underwater, intent on finding his new experiment some kind of tidbit to awe over. Sherlock liked being praised, always had. And this Human was indeed very good at worshipping.
“I’ll do better.” Irene growled, her teeth gritted against her fear. She wouldn’t cower, even though everything in her body screamed at her that she should.
John clasped hands with the man, smiling politely even as Sherlock huffed under his breath and looked down at his feet. There was a low flush of anger heating his cheeks, annoyance evident by the twitching along the curvature of his wingspan.
“Who is it then? Someone brilliant I'm sure... let me guess.... is it that girl from Chem? Kathleen Benson? She's been eyeing you apparently since the beginning of the year...”
John stared at his hands as he said this, keeping his voice quiet and reflective. Like he was being introspective.
“Rise and shine, ladies. Got a big day ahead, and I still need to meet Rin up by the girl's quarters.”
John himself was nearly asleep when Sherlock replied. It was with a small, nearly silent whisper. Still, the army doctor heard it.
They all stood in front of Buckingham Palace. A symbolic defiance and support of the Dragon War. They crowded the edge of the lawn like they were all facing the edge of a cliff, everyone crowding to get to the front and yet unwilling to slip off the edge. Around them were signs that the riot had been going on for a couple of hours. Overturned cars burned bright with flame, lying on their sides like neglected toys scattered in the road. Broken windows left powdered glass that crunched under John's feet as he walked past them, spray paint dripping off the walls with symbols and messages that were only partially legible. The smell of animosity hung heavy in the air, like a living coil tightening around everyone's throats. The hoards of people fought viciously against the law enforcement trying to hold them back, throwing stones and whatever else they could get their hands on in order to try and get past the impassive wall that was the law.
“This might be what Dragons need. My people have been trapped in a volcano for centuries because of our fear of Humans, when we have no real evidence of their nature.”
The man that had stood at the table with all of the military pamphlets and sign-up regulations and rules was a burly man, someone who when John looked at him he was reminded immediately of being shaped a bit like a barrel. However most of it was muscle, and there were definite signs about him of a man who had seen fighting in the scars on his arms and the tan of his skin. He held her chain lazily, as if it was more for show than anything else. John's eyes were immediately drawn to the woman beside him.
