She started to pout until she saw one jumping out of the water and shrieked again in joy. They eventually went underwater again, and they started to return toward the harbor. Castiel still couldn’t believe what happened. His little girl was still in his arms, watching out for any other dolphin.
“Beware, don’t fall for the Old Stockholm Syndrom. It doesn’t always happen to kidnapped people, those who are trapped in an abusive relationship often develops something close to it.”
. “Well yes, I have to admit I was pretty intimidated at the idea of being exposed to the media, some people might find it exciting, but not me. And more especially, I was afraid to expose my daughter to it.”
“No, it’s not exactly when it started. I noticed you inside. I saw you, I was looking at you from the bar. I wanted to go and talk to you, but you…You slipped away, and then a business partner interrupted me. Long story short I searched for you once I was done, everywhere, and when I got out, I saw you. I was angry at you, but I put on the alcohol. I thought you were just drunk, but then…Then I understood you really hated my guts, while I wanted nothing but to get to you…I wanted you.”
Taking out a box from his car and handed it to Castiel. It was no wrapped gift, just the box of an I-phone. This made the man gape: he bought him a new phone?! Dean looked at him quizzically: “At the restaurant, I asked what you would want, and you told me about a new phone, ‘cause I had the old one broken. So here it is.”
“Hello, dearie! She is very cute, do you want me to show her the children outfits? I’m sure we could find something for her.”
Cas’ frowned when he saw the shadow passing over Dean’s traits, almost like he wasn’t here anymore for a brief instant. A memory? He didn’t know but his future husband recollected himself immediately. “I’ll finish dressing up.”
It was obvious he was flattered, beaming with pride even. Dean left, telling them he wouldn’t be here for lunch. Castiel just nodded, he was actually a bit relieved. Sue helped him settle what they took of Claire’s things in her new room, it didn’t take long at all.
He was in the Blue Jungle even though it was closed in the morning. After all, he wasn’t here to party, he was here to see Jo. She just made coffee for both of them and they sat on a table. It was strange to see the club quiet, in semi-darkness.
His calculating, businessman mind couldn’t help but think that if he had a child, then Castiel would be even more vulnerable. This time, Dean felt ashamed at such an idea, that was no joke, there wasn’t supposed to be a child in the middle! Castiel didn’t answer, obviously afraid but still defiant. The little girl just watched him curiously, she was probably no older than three or four.
“Let’s say that most of times my experience with rich people wasn’t pleasant. The rich students we had already, well…Let’s say their parents thought they were above everything. For example, I remember the first time I punished one of those students for not making her homework. Her parents came and acted as if I had punished their daughter for nothing and threatened Anna like crazy. In the end she had to yield. I hated that, I mean how am I supposed to teach if the parents will not allow me to bring discipline?”
“It’s normal, she is often impressed whenever she meets a pretty woman. Like when she met Lexie or Anna,” Castiel explained
Maybe it was because they were back in California, but after a few days there, Dean and Castiel were both more relaxed. Was it the whole atmosphere, the fact they were seeing Jess and Sam, the overly excited young Claire or the fact they were busy with the wedding? Probably all of that, but anyway their attention had shifted somewhere else.
From where he was, Dean Winchester was just staring at the crowd while enjoying his drink, when the dark-haired man had caught his eye. He stood out in the crowd: he looked like he was going out for groceries, not to dance in a night-club like
Anna and Castiel let her and her new companion spend some times together. He turned to her: “How does that exactly work?”
“Oh yeah. It’s over those years I would shut up and play low because I feared he would hurt you. You’re a man now, and you don’t fear him anymore.”
Anna looked at him with sorry eyes. “I’m so sorry. I understand why you acted like that at the cocktail. If only I had known…”
“Good evening. I’m sorry to come here like this, I just wanted to speak with you and maybe not in the places where we usually meet.”
“Okay…Okay, I need to breath here! I…” He took a deep breath indeed and rubbed his face. “Dean, you realize how fucked up this is?! It’s something the mafia will usually do, not normal people!”
“Yeah…I told you I really was attracted to him, he was my type, when I saw him I wanted to make a move.”
“Yes. When he had that conversation recorded, he could have asked for money, or anything else. He didn’t. He just wanted me to leave him alone. For once, there was someone who wouldn’t care that much about my money or my power. But more of all, he spoke his mind, he wouldn’t hesitate to tell me I was a douche, and as much as I hated him for telling me Sam was right to avoid me…I kinda craved that confrontation.”
Indeed, Cas’ and also shared a few stories about his job as a teacher, and it was quite interesting to hear a teacher talking about the way he would perceive the job while remembering his own years in school.
She hesitated, even though she had resolved her feelings, she wasn’t sure how to spell those out. “I did at a time, at the beginning. I couldn’t understand why your dad and you disliked me that much. At first, I thought the two of you were snobs, that you didn’t want someone poorer. But eventually, Sam told me…”
“So, that’s also why you hated me? You thought it was my fault if you had found yourself in the streets?”
“For a guy like you, I’m pretty sure we can fasten things up. I bet I can settle that in two weeks, ten days maybe. It would be better for us to settle it soon, while the public has its eyes on you.”
Dean bit his lip. He knew he was trading with something difficult, right now Castiel’s reaction was one of instinct. He remembered their old dog, Betty, she was a sweetheart, but when she got her pups, she would hide them at first. It took her times to allow her humans to go near them. It was purely animal instinct to hide your offspring whenever you felt danger, and right now, Castiel felt obviously afraid. The dog comparison was maybe not flattering, but in the end, it was still the same. What should he do? He didn’t want to force the kid to come at his house but she was part of the deal too.
With that, he left, and Dean allowed him to go. It didn’t matter, the man was trapped, he would find him wherever he would go.
“Thank God, I wasn’t single, my boyfriend was slightly older, he had a flat. I lived for some times with him, it didn’t last long, but I still owe him a lot.”
Maybe, but Castiel wasn’t that excited to be ‘close to the elite’. Actually they weren’t even that close to it, even though they were on right way. He was fine working into a normal school, what he wanted was high-education standard, he just wished those wouldn’t be reserved to rich people. But now he guessed that was unavoidable: an education of quality would attract rich people, and the school would have to fit their standards.
Castiel thought over his answer. “I guess it’s not as intense as it used to be. Now I know you didn’t force Ellen to sell her bar, and I guess you’re not as horrible as I first pictured you to be. You’re still the one who threatened me, all of that because of some petty incident. And I’m still here because of that.”
“Today will be more special, Mr Winchester told me to help you two settle. We could also buy other furnitures, some which would be more kid like.”
Castiel smiled at that picture and weirdly he imagine someone saying the same think about Dean and himself kissing his husband’s temple. He tried to push that away, and just continued to speak with them, though he was a bit embarrassed having to lie, he was growing more and more comfortable. None of them were snobbish, he didn’t know them yet, but they weren’t what he expected. He wondered why Dean refused to let them close, but now maybe he had his reasons, after all he didn’t know them.
“Well, I grew up in a small town by the ocean. Everything here kinda reminds me of it, and I always loved swimming in the sea, better than a swimming pool.”
The pain in his voice made Dean shut up indeed, not that he was intimidated but guilt rose again through him. He hadn’t just attacked some stupid bastard, he attacked a father, a single father raising his child alone. That’s why he had fought back, not for himself but for the little girl. He hadn’t felt that uncomfortable with himself since a long time.
“No problems, you’re coming with us, sweetie? You’re gonna come with us? You’ll show us how pretty you are in your dress?” Charlie suggested sweetly.
Their house wasn’t very big, but as Sam said, it was theirs, and it was lovely. It wasn’t that far from the sea, and though it couldn’t really compare to their family house, it was definitely a good place, perfectly fine enough for a small family, modern and well taken care of.
Other guests joined later that day, this time on Castiel’s side: Reverend Lowry and his friends. It was a breath of fresh air to see Anna, Zach, Lexie and her boyfriend Harold. Considering he was also from the upper-class, he was kind of helpful for them. Lowry went to Dean with some curiosity, intrigued to know who that strange man was after all. Cas’ had told him what happened, and though his protégé had assured him he was now fine, he wanted to see it for himself. As for his friends, they remained distant, though polite. Anna especially was looking at Dean with caution.
They spoke a bit more, and eventually hung up. They had decided Dean would indeed come and spend some time here, and organize his marriage here. Dean felt happier than ever, it seemed like an eternity he hadn’t seen or talk to his little brother, and yet they had managed to speak naturally…And he would see him again! The only down side was that he would have to take the plane, each time he had to do that, he had to make a big effort to stay calm. But it didn’t matter, if it meant seeing Sam, then be it!
That was certainly not a question he expected, in fact a lot of things were really unexpected. Was he trying to buy him? He just shrugged, there were probably tons of things he could have asked for, but he didn’t know what and right now he didn’t want anything but be left in peace with his child. He eventually found an answer.
“We both apologize, Mr Winchester,” Anna said, holding her hand out to Dean. He took it and she went on, hoping that guy had no grudge: “I’m Anna Milton, and this is Castiel Novak, our best teacher.”
Dean looked at him briefly before watching the road again. “So, that’s why you disliked me so much.”
This kinda made Castiel laugh to hear that. Of course, Jo couldn’t realize how much her mom could look intimidating at times.
Understanding this as a sensitive spot, he dropped the subject. Sam and Jess soon went in the water and swam together, Jess sometimes letting her husband catch her in his arms. Dean and Castiel didn’t go far, they had to stay around Claire, but when Jess and Sam came back, they both started playing with her and Dean looked at his future husband who had taken that occasion to swim a bit further. Bliss drawn over his face as he leaned backward in the water, letting his arms slowly roll, his face turned to the sky, he looked like he was making one with the ocean. A sort of vertigo took him by surprise all of sudden, and he couldn’t help but slide toward him.
“On the beach, Claire would go crazy if she was forced to spend all her day in the hotel when the ocean is so close, she would spend all her time on the beach if she could.”
He rubbed his face and it struck Dean again to see how tormented Castiel looked at that moment. This time, he hugged him tight. Not knowing what to do, Cas’ just stayed still, not knowing if he wanted to push Dean away or if he wanted to lean against him. But then, he remembered the first time Dean had tried to comfort him. This time, he could try to accept it. He just put his hands on Dean’s upper back.
Claire interrupted that quiet time when she came out of her room, full of energy again. “Dad! Dean!”
“I told you! And I told you he was handsome!” That was Mrs Simmons, she was at a window, smiling carelessly. Castiel and Dean approached and Cas’ had this little satisfied smile: “Guys, this is my future husband, Dean Winchester.”
He had said that quickly, as if it would have been painful to trail it down. Castiel put a hand on his arm, to encourage him to continue.
With a nod, Dean was the one who lunged at him this time. He went for a punch and a kick which almost made Castiel fell. Dean threw a hook at him but Castiel blocked it and tried to hit him in the ribs, making him back away.
A hot wind made the trees dance slowly, the whole place looked almost fairy-tale like. His marriage…Dear God, he never thought he would have a marriage in such a place.
The place was indeed deserted for now and that was a nice change for once. Anyway if they wanted to be with more people, they could still come back to the closest beach.
“The Fool is mostly about an inner journey, it can also indicates changes. It’s either about a journey toward wisdom, growth, but it can also means being lost. It can be seen as a card indicating to open to new things and confront yourself to the unknown.”
“Just fine. They all thought I had done a bad move, but hey, it’ still here and kicking! Jo told me your new bar was doing well.”
Their conversation stopped as the salesman came back with three different dark blue suit. Honestly, Dean almost wished Castiel didn’t have to change. He was wearing a black tee-shirt with blue jeans pants and jacket, and it gave him a subtle rock touch, which suited him perfectly well. He looked wilder, unpolished and just…Vibrant. That word defined Castiel perfectly well. Castiel picked the one which seemed plainer to him, and went for a try.
He was about to tell him to twist the truth a bit, because the best liars would always tell the truth, but he didn’t. He didn’t want Castiel to become a good liar, he liked his honest personality.
“So is that suit,” Castiel admitted. He wasn’t wearing a Tuxedo, he would have felt too uncomfortable, instead he had a black suit on a white shirt. Plain but elegant, something he had rented as well because his other clothes weren’t expensive enough for that kind of place. Anna smiled, silently telling them she did the same. She was pretty in that green dress and Lexie was also lovely in white, her brown hair cascading over her shoulders. They attracted attention soon enough, Lexie was eventually approached by a young man who flirted with her, looking a bit shy, as if talking to her was taking all his courage. But that was at her liking obviously.
The discussion wasn’t exactly a joyride for the poor guy, Dean was frustrated he couldn’t just search for the man, yet he restrained himself; Business would come first, he could find that dude later. Something bothered him greatly, though: why did that guy ran away from him like that? He hadn’t seen him in the past, he was sure of it.
“Yes, and still I could have seen things differently, in a more negative light for example. But let’s come back to you. You said the lover symbolizes what you want with Castiel, I would like to know what you feel for him. To start with, how did you really meet him?”
“Maybe. With what’s happening to you, you wouldn’t like it if other things were broadcasted. Like this.”
They went in the same college indeed, and though Charlie and he hardly shared common classes, he had noticed the girl, and he had seen she didn’t like him. But when she had asked for a job, he had given it, because he knew she was good at what she did.
They remained together a bit, and Castiel felt a bit better to know she wasn’t angry at him anymore, but he was also scared for her, and for his colleagues. He went to his daughter’s bedroom and looked at her sleeping form.
“We all let control slips sometimes. I must admit learning how to deal with that kind of situation gave me an advantage as a lawyer. As for Dean, well, any company owner would definitely need to control their anger…Well, he didn’t really do that well with you.”
He stopped there. God, talk about a rough childhood! “You probably felt freer than ever when you stopped seeing him.”
Anyway, Charlie was right: he should spend more time with him, try to know the guy better. He had made sure those rumors would be pawned, Castiel’s record of their conversation would never be heard, and now the man’s defiance would pass for a disguised lover’s quarrel. But he wanted more, from the very beginning. It had been confusing, even for him, he just knew he wanted more. When he got home, he got in the couch, sighing, Jasper and Sasquatch greeted him as usual, and remained at his side for some pats and cuddles. He heard footsteps and was almost surprised. It was usually silent when he would go home, save for the dogs. He saw Castiel coming downstairs and he smiled.
He couldn’t accept that! But Dean had blown his protection and he really had the possibility to destroy him, and then Claire would be even more vulnerable. Hell, if she lost him, where would she go? Her mother had abandoned them a long time ago, he had no idea where she was, from what he heard she had left for South America. Maybe he could hide his child? But the thought of being separated from Claire…God he should have just shut up! Or leave when he had the occasion, what the hell did he think would happen when he threatened one of the biggest men of New York?!
“Well, yeah, she makes those and washes the sheets.” Wait a sec…Why was he talking about that? He noticed how slightly embarrassed Castiel was.
“No, it’s not for that. Honestly I didn’t even know there would be one. Pacome is simply throwing it because he got a promotion at his job. But now we’re also celebrating my engagement, they’re happy for me even if they can hardly believe it.”
Castiel seemed to hesitate and then continued : “You asked me once if I ever had hallucinations during my sleep paralysis. Were you explained what causes those?”
“We…This is my boyfriend, Mrs Simmons. I didn’t want to talk about it, but we’ll have to announce to the public in the future…”
It was still giving him vertigo when he thought about it: Sam was going to be a dad. He had called him three months ago to tell him that Jessica was pregnant, leaving a message, but Dean hadn’t called back immediately. Not that he didn’t want to, on contrary, but out of nervousness. Just like his dad, Dean had rejected Jess, thinking she was interested in their money. Yet when the girl had proved them wrong, Dean had felt guilty.  So he had eventually called back but Sam hadn’t picked up the phone and Dean had left a short message. After that, none of them had tried to contact the other again. He didn’t know why Sam wouldn’t call him again, but Dean didn’t dare, because after what happened, he kinda waited for his little brother to allow him back in his life.
He had already found himself in that kind of situation, but usually it would be thugs going for money who would do that. Those guys were well dressed and didn’t look like thugs.
They woke up the next day quite early, the sunlight was still soft and the gardens weren’t buzzing with activity already. This wouldn’t last.
The doors opened and they stepped out, Dean leading the way toward his office. They got in and once the doors were closed, Castiel took a deep breath, he had to remember Lowry’s advices and use the right words: “About that...You also threatened to have her fired.”
He remained like this for a soft moment, thinking of everything that happened, and couldn’t but remember that the back he was pressed had many old scars.
“Inside, with the other kids.” At Dean’s great astonishment, Castiel took his hand and started pulling him. “Come with me. After all, I should introduce my future husband to my friends. Mrs Simmons is already here, you’ve met her already. Or you can stand here and wait for me.”
He looked at Marc, his advertising agent, as if he was some kind of alien before remembering they had been supposed to meet. He really got the worst timing!
“More or less,” Castiel replied, a bit unsettled by that gesture. Dean had told him a few things about his friends, their names, what they were doing and how they met. Things he should have learned if he truly was with Dean since two years.
“Well, where did you intend to go with her? You seriously think it’s easy to raise a kid on the run?”
Cas’ huffed in amusement, yet that concern was quite touching. They took breakfast with Claire, the babysitter left as soon as they were awake, and the little girl babbled happily, not aware that the two men hadn’t slept much. She was excited to take the plane and go to the sea.
“I’ll just take your number, write it on a paper for me, please. I might be able to borrow a phone if anything goes wrong.”
He got out and tried to brush off this absurd feeling of loneliness and emptiness but he couldn’t. The old hag had spoke of Sam and brought painful memories. He knew she was losing her mind a bit, she was known for that, but he was still mad. He couldn’t attack her, her husband was really important and Dean knew it would be bad to cross that line. Yet he needed something right now, an outlet, because the rage and the pain were here, ready to come out.
“It could be a good idea! But no improvisation, prepare your story well, otherwise they could see you’re lying.”
The assured tone of those words and the little smile Cas’ had reassured Sam. He didn’t have a frightened and broken man before him, obviously.
The tip of his fingers trailed from Castiel’s neck to his chest slowly, and Dean took off his hand before walking away. Listening to the sounds of his footsteps getting farer, Castiel remained completely still, almost unable to process everything Dean just said. He sighed and went out. He sat in the garden and looked at the sea and the stars. His brain was a mess right now, so much in one moment…It was just like that time when his father had came to the house…He remembered how he had led on the bed, unable to understand himself at the moment. It was strange, his mind was clearer about some things, some questions had been answered, but now others were growing through his mind, about the future, about everything.
A part of him whispered that maybe the man wouldn’t be dangerous for Claire, but he had no reason to trust him. His own childhood came back to his mind, and he couldn’t help but fear. He couldn’t take that kind of risks, there was no way he could let what happened to him happen to Claire, Dean wasn’t trustworthy. Granted, his father and Dean were very different men, but in the end they were both self-entitled and angry. He didn’t look at him at all, just glad he was silent.
She just nodded, a bit overwhelmed by everything, and raised her arms to her dad to be carried again. He complied and followed Sue Tidler who was happily telling him she was enthusiastic at the idea to have a child around, and told him about her own children who were older than her. She opened the light green room Dean had showed him yesterday and Castiel could see that the bed was now adorned with pink linen and with a purple transparent canopy with golden stars hanging from the ceiling. He couldn’t help but gape at this. As for Claire, she almost jumped from her father’s arms and on the bed, declaring it was like one of a princess. Castiel was pretty sure Dean had planned that so he couldn’t say ‘no’ anymore, and it was true it would have been hard after seeing Claire rolling on the bed like that.
This was what truly felt like a punch for Dean. It would have been legit to leave the child with her other parent, the mom, but he would rather have her stay with one of his friends rather than keep her around him?!
“Sure,” Dean affirmed, “I must admit it’s pretty exciting to finally move in together and live like any family.”
“I said ‘no’. You can move your stuff tomorrow.” He approached him further and Castiel defiantly held his stare. “I might not be allowed to touch you, but remember your duty. We will spend our nights in the same house from now on. Got it.”
“Claire, she is three year old, she’ll be four that autumn,” he explained with that slight bloom of pride he had whenever he would speak of his daughter.
She looked genuinely happy for them, Mrs Simmons was an open-minded person, he knew she wouldn’t be shocked. Dean spoke again: “Well, I didn’t want to attract the journalists’ attention on him, really, they often spoil relationships. But now I will have to, because we are getting married.”
Dean didn’t get out of his office until evening came, as for Castiel, he had brought Claire to a nearby park. What happened today was still in his mind, seeing his father again after all that time…That was already upsetting enough, he didn’t want to see him or think of him again. But the worst was that Dean had seen him, and learned things Castiel didn’t want him to know.
Both Castiel and Dean grinned at this. The two dogs mostly sniffed her but they remained gentle. Looking at their master, Castiel couldn’t help but feel lighter: if he had raised those dogs to be nice, then it revealed some of his personality. He was maybe not as dangerous as he feared, in fact the way he was looking at Claire, genuinely flattered and happy she liked his dogs was also reassuring.
It was quite early, and Dean had decided to go and see her before going to work. She would always do paperwork early, then rest and go back to work in the evening. It was fine with him, as long as the job was done. But he wasn’t here to talk about the bar, he was here for the plan she had suggested. They had one talk after he returned before she actually started with it, and now she had to report what happened to him.
“You especially could be a total pain in the ass,” Charlie reminded him with a smile, “Thank God you met Lenore!”
She sighed in defeat. “I’m sorry, you don’t imagine how much. But you don’t know what he told me after you left. Cas’, I can’t keep you, if I do, he’ll simply make sure the school get closed and we’ll all be unemployed.”
Indeed, Sam also believed Dean when he said he had over exaggerated his threats, but that was still ludicrous and really messed up.
Without even waiting for her answer, he left her. At least he enjoyed the stunned face she had. He had no remorse; bitch would just find someone more naïve than him. He went to talk to an old couple, the husband was a politician, his dad knew him and they got along pretty well. Dean felt a bit more at ease with them.
Sam sighed. He knew Dean could be ruthless, yes, and somehow this was something he admired about his big brother, but being ruthless wasn’t the same as being unnecessarily cruel, and Dean had been cruel.
It was weird when he thought about it: half of Dean’s friends were his employee. But well, maybe that was because he spent so much time doing his job, maybe his social life was mostly related to it?
Without a word, Castiel complied. He wished he could punch that arrogance away from his face, he hated the way he was looking at him!
“Okay, we’ll talk about that later. I’ll show you the house and you’ll start moving with me. Tomorrow we’ll officially announce our marriage.”
“Don’t worry, though, I know the bouncer, he is a friend. Maybe he’ll let you through in spite of that.”
He breathed in deeply, and Castiel didn’t know what to say or do. A lot of horrible thing had happened to him, but not that kind.
“I came immediately when Jo told me about you,” Ellen explained, “God it’s been a long time, I still remember you when you were a twelve year old kid hanging out at my bar!”
“Never, I would marry you a thousand times if we had a thousand of different lives. Any setting is great as long as we are together.”
“He didn’t just leave the food here, he sat on the bed with us. Then he started to say that we would never see our dad again, that from now on, he would take care of us. He said we would have a lot of fun together. I couldn’t believe it, and Sam started to cry. That’s when the guy started to take him in his arms and…” Oh dear, he could remember the man’s hands on Sam again, how he was hugging him tight while smiling. “He said he wanted to take him to have some ‘private’ time, he told me he would give me some attention too, after. He was talking as if he wanted to comfort us, and when I think of what he wanted to do, it still sickens me!”
He stopped for a moment, looking down again, reminiscing. “After she died, my father hired someone to take care of it, Sam and I participated as well, but it wasn’t the same at all. We felt like it wasn’t ours, but we were still trying. My mom did it because she wanted to make us happy, that garden was made for a happy family, but we weren’t anymore. Then Sam left and my father died. And I thought it was maybe better to let the place die as well, since its soul is dead already.”
“Yeah, just like when you go to vacation, except this is bigger. Want us to check out the gardens? Apparently everything is set by now.”
Charlie smiled and short silence settled before she spoke again: “You know, I didn’t like you much at first.”
“What do you think? I don’t like homophobes, I already told you that, and I didn’t like the way he spoke to you. I don’t like people who beat up children too, and I clearly understood he was that kind of person. I also didn’t like him threatening to take your daughter.”
Castiel suddenly laughed at that, a reaction Dean surely didn’t expect. The man just called for his daughter, not giving a damn about what he just said. “Claire! Come here, we’re leaving.”
Though Castiel was about to protest and insist for him to tell him more, he forgot it when he heard Claire calling for him. He went to her room, Dean was already starting to prepare breakfast when he took her to the kitchen. Was it really true? Had Claire really influenced his behavior? After all, he was rather nice with her, he remembered the dress Dean offered her, or the little things like the ice-cream on the beach. Even the room he had for her, though he was pretty sure his was also a way to pressure Castiel into letting her live in his house. Even with him, after his proposal Dean had been a jerk but not really scary or threatening. Castiel didn’t consider lack of cruelty as kindness, but he had already met really dangerous and cruel people, and for now, Dean couldn’t really compare.
“I…Some woman told me, I don’t know what her name was, really.” That answer didn’t satisfy Dean obviously. “Look, I got it, you can screw me over, but…”
“I see…Look, if you want to stay in our house for tonight or another night, it’s open to you. And if you need help, don’t hesitate to call, I’ll give you my number.”
Whatever, it didn’t matter where he would go, he would have to come back to him! Dean would show him!
He would keep a good old on her even though she had her inflatable arm bands, still trying to teach her how to swim. Dean mostly watched them at first, though he was pretty amused to see that Cas’ was as enthusiastic as his daughter.
His voice was firm, but he wasn’t yelling. They obeyed and Castiel eventually put his daughter down. Dean crouched as she approached the dogs, her father still behind her, ready to recollect her in his arms at the first sign of aggressiveness. Dean took her hand gently.
“Come on, we aren’t here only for a chat!” Dean declared. “I’m here to party a bit! We all need it, especially Charlie and I.”
The little girl jumped in joy, she was beaming so much Castiel couldn’t refuse it, even to piss off Dean. Anyway he couldn’t help but feel happy at that perspective, to see the ocean and swim with her. And unlike the swimming pool, he was allowed to keep a tee-shirt on when he was swimming, allowing him to hide the scars. Wait, Dean had spoken of the marriage…
Weirdly enough, he trusted that Dean wouldn’t touch him. Anyway if he tried, he could defend himself.
Dean smiled and blushed slightly. He wished it was that. “Well, there is still the little girl, but I guess it will be easier to…Have fun.”
Dean was about to answer when noises took his attention. He stared at the house and noticed more and more people were gathering to look at them. “You didn’t want to miss that party?”
He explained everything, and in the end he saw Sam gape and look like he was going to hyperventilate.
The reverend had been one of the first people to visit when Claire was born, and Castiel wanted to make sure she could see her Godfather quite often.
Out of words, Castiel did comply, aware that a refusal would be weird. Oh hell, Dean had better not touch him in an appropriate way! As they started to move together, Dean forgot his anger. Some of his moves could just drive him crazy, simple little move, like the way he would let his head swirl slowly while his eyes were closed, or how his hips would sometimes sway in a subtle way, he wasn’t like a lot of guys who felt awkward when they moved, he was just natural, and Dean loved that. He danced close to him, without ever touching and his eyes just spoke for him. He moved along with Castiel, showing as well a natural easiness and playfulness. At a point, Cas’ couldn’t miss the looks Dean gave him, and of course couldn’t constantly look away from him, the way he moved, the way his proximity somehow teased. He was expecting something to happen, but it wouldn’t, Dean would just move close to him.
“Of course, cutie! Bring your kid, I don’t have much to do, today.” She crushed what she was smoking in an ashtray. She wouldn’t smoke whenever Claire was around.
He shivered slightly because of the Spring air, and walked on shaky legs. From the travel back home to the next morning, he could only think of that. He had watched his daughter sleep and had almost cried over her little bed. What did he do? He should have just bowed and shut up! But he didn’t know how to, he could lose his cold-blood easily, and God he was still naïve sometimes. He still believed someone with fair intention could win even against someone more powerful, what an idiot!
He tried to sound brave but the fear was obvious. He was scared for his own life of course, and yet his first thought was this: what would happen to Claire? Would Trish even stay for the rest of the night? He imagined his daughter being placed in some foster care, where she would hardly be fed and taken care of, he imagined her cry for him…For a second he considered begging. Dean didn’t know the real reasons why he was afraid but he was enjoying it, a dark kind of joy he knew was wrong, a part of him was ashamed but it was enjoyable to bring an enemy down.
What the…Wait, maybe he went to Dean’s assistant to retrieve his kid? But when he went to her, she explained him he and Claire had left a long time ago. Fuck! He left the building, furious, knowing his fiancé was probably in his shitty house in the Queens.
Not that they had completely forgotten it, Jo had told Dean that she had followed Arthur Miller, and she had seen him talking to some people who seemed to be more like mobsters than members of a church. In fact, even though the Church of Hope despised Dean Winchester’s name, he wasn’t hated any more than any other celebrity who made a coming-out.
Though it was formulated like a request, it was actually a demand, Dean knew that. A demand to put distance between them, Castiel was trying to push him away furthermore, as if refusing him wasn’t enough! “Well, what if I said ‘no’?”
“Do you always ruin peoples’ lives whenever they stand up to you? All because I didn’t like the way you insulted me and my colleagues? You allow yourself to abuse people because you’re rich and powerful?” It came out by itself, more baffled than angry.
“There is only one way to know. Sam wanted to come, but I thought it could be better to just talk between us, he is too upset for now. He wants to forgive you, and I think it would be easier if you showed some good will.”
This made Dean laugh, and he took the bottle. For a slight instant, he thought Dean had been playing him all along and slapped himself mentally for opening up to him. But his husband gave him a desperate look. Dean got closer, reached out for Castiel’s shoulder, let his fingers graze up to the nape of his neck and stayed there.
With a huff, Dean smiled hugely: “Calm down, I was joking! To be honest, I never really intended to have her fired. I only said that to scare you.” Honestly he almost wished his future husband had accepted. Well, it was better that way, he preferred his husband to kiss him willingly.
“He is still working in the same church, I visit him from time to time and he is Claire’s godfather,” Castiel simply answered. “He helped me to keep level-headed when…I was scared about letting Claire around you. As for Ellen, well, you saw her.”
Anna was now out of question, Dean would think of her, same with Lexie or Zach, Dean knew about them. Who, then? Wait…There was actually one person he trusted enough and didn’t think of yet. Of course! But would he accept? And the place he lived in wasn’t the best of all. Yet for now he had no better solution.
He looked at the sea and felt the need to go back again to Castiel and Claire, yet he didn’t want Jessica to think he was mad or something. He was touched to know she was willing to look over the past, but knowing she knew about what happened when they were kids…Well, he guessed that it was natural that Sam told her. And it was better that she could understand why John and Dean had reacted like that, even though they had been wrong. Would he have to tell Castiel? Well, probably, and it’s not as if he had anything to be ashamed of! Then why did he feel like he was exposed lie a rat lab or something?
He didn’t like the way Dean was deciding for him, but as enraging as it was, Castiel wouldn’t know what to do or choose, this wasn’t his world. He had to let Claire down, if he had to try something on, he would have to let her go. One saleswoman came to her.
“Yeah…We’ll leave in two days, tomorrow we are going to meet a few of my friends, at the Blue Jungle. After all you introduced me to yours, I should introduce you to them.”
He did that just when Dean was about to propose to show him around. He followed Castiel, quite amused at this behavior. The teacher gaped at what he saw: the inside court was quite huge for one house, but Castiel was almost saddened to see most plants were neglected, yet Spring had helped brought it to life. He stepped in, he didn’t know the plants that much, he could a few roses were growing, and there were a lot of them growing on the walls. Lilac were also adorning the white bricks and Castiel couldn’t help but thing he would have loved to see it in all its glory.
“Let’s say that a woman came in our lives after my mom’s death, acted nice, as if she loved us, but it was just manipulation.”
He had won. Dean knew he had won. The way Castiel closed his eyes, resigned and broken, that was just one of his sweetest victory. He leaned closer, admiring the image for an instant; That air of sadness on such a beautiful face. A twinge of guilt rose through him but he did his best to ignore it. That guy brought it upon himself, anyone smart would have known better! Suddenly, Castiel opened his eyes and snapped his head at him. What the…
Dean felt a lump in his throat and he hoped the lack of light hid the blush of shame. It was indeed true, and he could only take a gulp of alcohol in response.
“Listen, for now absolutely nothing makes me think this is a life or death situation, I already had a few meddling with the mob and I could handle those without damages. But if things get dangerous, we will break our engagement. I’ll invent a story, that we got a big argument, whatever, but I’ll everyone know there is nothing between us anymore, so you’ll be away from this.”
“That one isn’t bad,” Castiel pointed out. It was true the wooden furniture wasn’t the kind you would usually think of for a child, but it wasn’t bad either and Claire didn’t care.
He turned to see Dean Winchester advancing with that smug expression and rolled his eyes: “Some people can achieve that. Some people even know to say ‘Hi’ whenever they met someone. Hi, your Highness.”
It was a meager consolation, but at least things were playing out well for now. Mrs Simmons was available right now, so at least Claire wouldn’t be around while they moved all her belongings in Anna’s place, it would be less difficult. He put the bag on his shoulder and grabbed the little girl. She was just waking up from a nap, and he would usually prpare a little snack for her. But not today.
It was Castiel’s first night out since his daughter was born. At least his first night of real fun, not one spent on gaining some money. His colleagues had insisted for him to come with them the day before, to celebrate the summer break and their success. The private school they worked in had reached a better rank thanks to their efforts, and they were becoming popular among the rich people of the town. If they continued on that way, they could be in the Top schools of the city.
Dean sat on the couch, extending his arms over it. It had been a busy day, it wouldn’t feel bad to rest a bit. He wouldn’t answer that, after all he wasn’t in the mood for some taunting. He just breathed in deeply, listing what he would have to do tomorrow. It would always help for the next day. Castiel was reading, while Dean turned on TV, they just stayed comfortably silent for a while like that. He eventually turned it off, a bit bored by it and looked at Castiel who was wearing his jeans jacket. One thing came back in his mind.
“If you know what’s best for you, you’ll back off,” Dean simply declared. “We don’t have time for this.”
“Claire, don’t run after the cat you’re just scaring him.” Her dad took her by the shoulders to stop her while saying so.
She passed her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly, and he hugged her a bit tighter. He didn’t want to be away from her either, he promised himself he would visit as soon as possible. He opened the door and got out but immediately stopped as he saw someone advancing toward him. Oh no!
Castiel felt like crumbling: it was over, Dean knew and the hope of hiding his daughter’s existence was dead. Yet he kept a strong front, because that what he would always do, especially when Claire was around.
Indeed, plus Castiel knew what people could imagine: a religious man with a little child who wasn’t his, there would be rumors. He didn’t want Father Lowry to be accused of anything because of him.
“I will give you money every months! I will visit her from time to time, whenever it’s safe, I won’t just drop her and leave forever, but I need her to stay away.”
“Yeah, honestly I don’t miss New York that much, my life in the countryside is actually much better. If it wasn’t for Jo, I would never come back! I must admit I also missed the lad over here,” she declared, showing Castiel.
“Well, since Jess is pregnant, it’s better that she doesn’t take the plane. Anyway, I like the idea of marrying in California.”
It was a lie but he was glad Dean thought of that. They chatted happily, Castiel asking her a lot of questions so she would talk about herself instead of trying to learn about him.
“I remember! Having to sell her business because of that man…You know, now that I think about it, maybe God intended for something to happen if he put the two of you on the same path.”
He got into the bed with him and Dean rolled on the other side to face him. “It’s better in case you have another paralysis?”
Well, not exactly, while he started to far him less and less after that, it was especially after Dean gave him the knife, telling him to keep that as long as he didn’t trust him. Castiel still had it, but he knew he wouldn’t have to use it against his future husband. He wouldn’t give it back for now, though; a knife could be useful and anyway he still wanted Dean to make amend. But honestly, the blade wasn’t just a tool for safety anymore now.
Castiel huffed in disbelief, watching his and Dean’s reflection on the window. “It doesn’t matter to you that I hate you?”
“I’m not talking about killing myself! No, I was just wondering what it would be like to just dive in the ocean while it’s so dark, so peaceful.”
This truly made both of them laugh. It was true indeed, and Castiel was also impatient to see Sam and Jess again. He would have to text them, to assure them everything was fine for now. Anna put a strand of hair back between her ear.
They were staying in the hotel in Los Angeles this time, where the ceremony would take place, and Cas’ almost wished they had returned to the small house they had shared last time. Dean explained it was better to do so, in order to watch over everything and it was indeed true. Their suits and Claire’s dress were now ready, and the gardens would be set.
“You told me he immediately accepted her, but he was a bit panicked, though? It doesn’t seem like the reaction of a predator. I could be wrong of course, keep a watchful eye, but I know by experience that people can accuse others of perversion too easily.”
They eventually joined the group again and he went to his future husband who was still speaking with Jo. Before Dean could react, Castiel kissed him. In spite of the surprise, he returned the kiss eagerly and embracing him. That taste of alcohol on those lips was more intoxicating than any other drinks and Dean had to hold because he felt like he was swaying. Castiel parted the kiss as well, feeling a strange sensation, like a creeping shiver and attributed that to the alcohol.
It was incredibly weird laying at Dean’s side. Dear God, he never thought that would happen one day! Yet, he wanted to do it, making excuses to Sue would be tiring. And strangely enough, the idea to sleep alone was quite repulsive right now. He didn’t know why, but he wanted to know someone would be at his side. Maybe because sleep paralysis had started again after a long time without it? Or there was another reason he didn’t want to admit: he was upset after meeting his father and somehow he didn’t want to be alone. He felt childish for that, really, but he couldn’t help it. He hated being all alone in his bed when something was nagging him like that. And after all, there was someone available and willing, so if at least Dean could be a presence to comfort him a bit, it would be good. He had been forced into this relationship, so he would take some advantage out of it when he could. Still, it felt strange to think he was at his side. Some days ago they were still strangers to one another.
“Indeed…I don’t know about you, but the ‘wait for the wedding night’ is a bit too conventional for me,” Castiel murmured.
The third man was panting and bleeding and looked damn angry. “I should shoot you! You’re glad the boss wants you alive!”
As he was saying this, he realized something weird: Castiel just asked Dean how he could remain in a fit shape and his brother had to explain him he was doing sport. But, how could Castiel not know that already? They had met two years ago, according to what Dean told him, that was something one should know after two years of dating.
The adults laughed at that and Dean petted her head before turning to her dad. “I’d need you to come with me, we’ll start shaking hands and do mundane stuff.”
“No, I was walking on the sideway, I was a bit drunk and I stumbled and fell against his car. He wasn’t happy.”
If Arthur Miller was working with someone, it was more likely a mobster. Maybe it was simply him, the responsible? Miller had some money, he could have hired some people to give him problems? If this was the case, then Dean was pretty sure he would be able to handle it easily. This idea was pretty reassuring, coupled with everything happening around him, he felt better than he did when Roman visited him.
He tried to focus on work, tried to get this argument out of his head until he heard the doorbell ringing. Who was this? He heard the door open and it was soon enough followed by loud voices.
Dean gave him an annoyed look. “I’m usually not into that stuff, but Greece and Egypt are exceptions. Is it that surprising?”
Although the man was polite, Castiel was very nervous, it was one of those moments he realized he would be married, and it wouldn’t be an average wedding, the press would actually talk about it. His measurements were taken, he tried some outfits and set his choice on a Italian black Tuxedo, and the tailor promised it would be ready as soon as possible.
Huffing, Dean couldn’t help but smile even more, and watched him leave with Jo, Benny and Lenore before being escorted to another room by Charlie and Kevin. The two teased him a bit, asking whether or not  he would miss him a lot tonight.
For once, Castiel looked like he didn’t know what to say or do, and he could have sworn his face had gotten a bit redder. Lord, he loved that! To think that maybe he could take him out of balance, not because he would threaten him with his power, but because he was seducing him.
With a snort, Castiel took another gulp. “So that’s what it really was about? You really punished me because I defied you. But, there is one thing I don’t get…”
“Well, we’ll just talk to people, be nice, and talk a bit about our schools, and at the end of the evening, they’ll decide what they’ll donate.”
Oh Dear, he also killed her future today…He hugged her tightly, walked back home, trying to keep his poker-face. She hardly said anything, she just kept her little head over his shoulder completely lax in his arms.
He had wanted to go to that guy, but not only he had just left when approached, he also had the nerve to mock him! But now, maybe he was indeed just a drunk man. Maybe he hadn’t even noticed Dean in the club, it was a hazard that he left when he arrived.
Castiel grinned at this, he liked to surprise people, and Dean seemed more genuinely astonished than outraged.
“You know my mom already saw you, it’s not as if she had never seen you before,” Jo asserted on a reassuring tone.
He nodded, obviously, and Dean couldn’t help but think it was quite charming to see this man usually so rebellious and combative being almost shy. They looked at each other and the way Dean titled his head slightly made it look like they were about to kiss for a slight second. What if he kissed Castiel right now? How would he react? The man just looked away before Dean could even really try anything.
“Her family was involved with the mob, but they had angered another mobster, it’s that one who told my father about her. Since they couldn’t get them arrested because they had no concrete proof they wanted to kill him, they decided to do otherwise: they threatened the family and forced them to sell the restaurant they owned, their only asset. Then he warned her and her family to leave the city and never contact us again. It might sound harsh, but…”
“Shakespeare helped me a lot, in a way you wouldn’t know, William Blake too, not sure if you know who he is.”
He drank once more before giving it to Castiel, his other hand still on the nape of his neck, grazing softly. “I was sincere when I told you I preferred sincere hatred over fake love. Usually, even people who hates me hardly dares to stand up to me. Believe it or not but I admired you when you tried to trap me with the record, and as I told Jess, it felt so good to have someone who would just…Speak his mind. Just like Sam does.”
He expected her to shake her head, but instead she lowered her eyes, looking ashamed. “…To be honest, I did once. An ex-girlfriend cheated on me. And I did something I regret even today.”
“No, I’m fine, though it’s gonna be quite tiring. Apparently a lot of people are coming, and we’ll have to do a lot of worldliness…I must admit I don’t really know how to do that.”
“To the West Coast, we’ll rent something by the beach. You said you enjoyed the ocean, and we’ll be able to visit my brother.”
He nodded and they returned with the rest of the people, glad he at least told her that? He didn’t expect more, it was already a lot. Lowry seemed more sympathetic toward him, and truth to be told, he liked the man. At least, he saw that Castiel’s friends were getting along with his. Lenore especially was charming them, but she had a talent for that; after some times, they even started to warm up to Dean, probably thanks to her.
“I don’t know to be honest, it all went so fast. Usually, when you want to seduce people, money can help a lot but I’m not sure it will work with that one.”
This was unexpected, and some of his memories with Charlie appeared in a different light. “I didn’t know…”
“It’s at the thirtieth floor. Hope you don’t have vertigo,” Dean told him once they were inside the elevator.
Biting his lip, Dean leaned on his arm, propping himself up, to hover a bit over his future husband who was still laying on his back. “But do you experience hallucinations? And when did it start?”
Castiel was surprised and gave him a quizzical look. Dean just shrugged innocently, teasing him but being also very serious.
Dean shook his head but couldn’t stop smiling, he rubbed the sweat away from his forehead. He could have continued bickering a bit, but he didn’t want to attract too much attention on them: this was a sport club, people were here to train. They had decided to sign up in the same club sport, it was quite surprising, but Cas’ definitely enjoyed that new habit they had taken to practice and spare together.
Oh God, how was he supposed to speak about it? But just looking in Castiel’s eyes, he knew he had understood. In fact, he had to go to the end of the story, leaving him in the dark at that point would do more bad than good.
Blushing at this, Castiel could only smile awkwardly to the camera. Questions were asked ad Castiel forced himself to imagine this was a class of students and not vulture-like reporters.
Dean wished he could call him back, find the right words, but none came. What should you say to someone who got such scars? And who had lost their mother this way? His own mom died when he was young, but she died in an accident, and she had been happy with their father. But such a desperate gesture was something entirely different. Though, if Castiel’s dad had always been like that, her motives were pretty clear…By God, that was worse than what he could have imagined.
“I don’t hate them all, I like that Harold guy who flirted with Lexie, and your friends aren’t exactly middle-class and I still find them nice. Anyway I didn’t hate you for that.”
He spoke a bit more with Ellen, still baffled as he understood that even though Dean didn’t buy her bar just to help, he didn’t force her to leave either, it had actually been an opportunity for her. He told her about his little girl and she showed herself pretty enthusiastic to meet her.
“It’s not about the money, it’s…I just…I can teach kids, but taking care of one like that…I never had any children, Cas’!”
The man smiled at this, it was heartwarming to hear that genuine gratefulness, her eyes were shining. Her Dad’s ones too, he noticed.
“Huh…” Castiel looked down, out of words. Explaining Mrs Simmons about his fake marriage was one thing, but now he was faced with the fact he would have to tell Claire about it. He didn’t want to, it would make that whole ludicrous stuff too real but more of all it involved his daughter in this. A man like Dean Winchester shouldn’t ever approach his little girl. Mrs Simmons put a hand on his shoulder with compassion.
They were sitting at a table of a small restaurant; Claire was sitting with them, a little game book for kids her age in hands. He gave a quick look to Anna who bit her lip, not knowing what to say either. He sighed: “I was really mad at him, he never did anything like it before, and…I don’t know, I think he snapped because we really were at a bad moment of our relationship and he thought I was going to break up with him. He was actually jealous because he thought I had an affair with one of you.”
It was strange to come back to the Blue Jungle for Castiel, after all it was here that everything started. He had went there thinking he would just allow himself a night of fun after a long time, but instead...Well, it wasn’t like it could happen twice.
“Let’s hope it’s not the only reason for his happiness,” she replied in a hushed voice, careful not to be heard by anyone else.
“It’s good to see you too!” He let go of his brother and looked at him more closely: “You got tanner! Now you’re a tanned moose.”
This made her tilt her head on the side, her eyes lightening with realization. “You don’t want to be separated from him, don’t you?”
He just seemed surprised by this. He did sat by her side and looked at his little brother, and searched for a subject of conversation. Maybe he should start with something more basic?
That was the nightclub’s name, and it always made Dean smile whenever he would see the blue neons. It wasn’t the most popular place of the town, but it would be one day. He saw the people waiting to get in, and it sent a wave of nostalgia, remembering the time he would also stand in the queue when he was young, at the time his father still had to fight his way through to reach the top of New York. Today, he could get in whenever he wanted, after all, he owned that place.
With a wicked little smile, Dean trailed his fingers on the couch, close to Cas’, without reaching him, though.
They kissed again. Clothes and façades fell. Whether or not they were heard, they didn’t know and couldn’t care less. It became some sort of game, pinning each other, playfully fighting for dominance and discovering slowly what they liked. They didn’t leave the light on, only the moon rays gave hints of shapes. It was more exciting, guessing instead of seeing. Sighs, pants and growls filled the room, both of them loosing themselves in this moment as time seemed to stop and they forgot everything else. All that mattered was their desire, their words and their needs, they both wanted this and to dean, something felt new, he had done that a lot of times, with a lot of people, but this time, something made his head swoon like it never happened. Castiel made sure to press against him as much as possible, he craved this, the way Dean was passionate and loving was addicting, he craved this, and knew he wanted more, much more.
He was reading with her on his lap, not even really waiting anymore when Dean arrived. The man stopped to look at them, pretty surprised to see the little girl with him. The kid noticed him before her father, and waved her hand at him. He smiled to her and approached as her father finally realized he had arrived.
The man let out a laugh and just rolled his eyes, interrupting Dean in the process. “Excuse me, your majesty! Sorry that you car was touched by some peasant!” He declared loudly while bowing to him mockingly, almost falling in the process. Now this made Dean’s blood boil! Who the hell was he to mock him like that?! His boss caught him, the worry sobering her almost immediately.
Castiel didn’t like being a Winchester, but well it wasn’t as if he had a choice. “Fine, I won’t disrespect your name. As long as you don’t humiliate me again and respect me, it will be easy.”
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh a bit at the last sentence. “Your dad seemed like the tough but fair kind.”
“I know. But don’t worry, I know about it, and I just objectively can tell that until now, he didn’t show himself dangerous. He tried to order me around but let’s say I didn’t exactly cooperate.”
“Well, yes. I might have shown you some of my softer side, don’t think I’m not a shark anymore. I’m still Dean Winchester.”
Her hair was lighter than Castiel’s, between brown and blond, her eyes however were the same as her father, bright blue eyes, except she didn’t have this sad, tormented expression. They hardly said much after that. The little girl was babbling from time to time but that was all. When Castiel got out of the car, the little girl went straight to Mrs Simmons’s dog, an old Golden Retriever who greeted her longingly. The babysitter was astonished at the sight of the car.
Hell, when he thought about it, it was true, no one ever did, even Ellen and Father Lowry, both feared that angering the man would only make him lash out on his son even more, and calling child services would have probably gotten him to some shitty foster home. Instead they would make sure to give him a place to stay whenever he needed. He knew that, and he had no grudge on them, but it was good that someone had just confronted his dad directly for him.
“Ha, finally, Jo’s here!” Marc exclaimed with a little smile for Charlie, and they all looked at the newcomer.
“I already like his brother! I’m looking forward to meet him at your wedding. Too bad he is married.”
He could have used that occasion to crush him, but it would have been low. Dean was already down. His eyes were filled with such a despair Castiel felt the need to comfort him. But it was too soon maybe.
Dean laughed at this, and titled his head to the side. He stared at his bruise and cut lip once more but didn’t say a word, Castiel wasn’t looking at him at all. Was it because of fear or anger? Once they reached it, Castiel gaped. It was a rooftop restaurant, and the view on the terrace was just breath-taking, you could see many buildings, Central Park and on the river, and with the Spring blue sky of today, it was even better.
Sam’s voice took him out of his thoughts. They were hanging out on the beach with Claire, while Jess and Dean were together. Yesterday, she suggested him to have a therapy session before the wedding. Surprisingly, Dean had accepted right away, maybe he was starting to enjoy it. Right now, the little girl was laying under the parasol, her eyes closed and her breathing soft.
Castiel put two cups of coffee on the table and as Dean took his, he finally asked: “So, what was that?”
He didn’t reply, but the answer was obvious. That was maybe the problem: Dean had learned to socialize, to handle business conversations, he had learned to use his charisma and seduce, but holding long-term relationships…
“It’s not as if I was gonna take advantage of it to coerce him in my bed, you know! And he could benefit from it, really. And if he eventually wants us to divorce, we will, we just have to keep it going for sometimes, after that he can leave.”
“Nothing. I’m not asking for money or anything of that sort, just peace. And I swear you won’t see my face again or hear about this once more.”
Questions went on but the biggest part was over. He let Dean answer most, already feeling crowded, and once the reporters were finally done, he backed away, and went in the elevator, not even sure he remembered where Dean’s office was but he didn’t care. He just wanted to be in a small space alone. Dean joined him before the gates could close, though.
He went in the court, it wasn’t huge but you could guess it had been well taken care of at a time. Many pots and different tools were here, and garden trellis on the walls to allow ivy, roses, jasmin and lilac to grow up. Who took such a good care of it before it got abandoned? He didn’t know but it was sad to let it die. Claire’s room opened on the garden, if she called, he would hear, anyway she wouldn’t wake up before an hour or two. He didn’t know much about gardening, but maybe there would be a book in the library? He found several indeed, and he took one with him.
“I don’t know what the hell is wrong with him, I never thought he could have done something like that!” Sam was at least relieved because both their versions were coherent with each other, meaning Dean had been honest at least.
He smiled to her as he put the last plate and sat down. Cas’ served the eggs and sat down with them.
Oh Lord…Dean had absolutely no idea what to say, and he knew, he perfectly knew Sam wouldn’t let go. Maybe he would play nice and be like ‘Okay, tell me when you’re ready’, but in the end, he would come back to it, with his gentle way of asking which no one could refuse. He could still lie…But it was useless, his brother would know this time. He took a deep breath. Sam was the only person, along with Castiel who could actually take him out of balance. If he had to do this, he might do it now. This time, Sam would truly hate him.
“Maybe we should go. There is a bit of road, and your little girl is probably tired,” she suggested.
He didn’t want to make him angry anymore. He just wished to get away, and get Claire away. Once their lunch was over, Castiel left Dean as quickly as possible. He prayed he hadn’t given him any suspicions. His prayers went unanswered.
Being back to New York still felt kind of good, Dean was still happy to go back to his office. Marc and he had communicated over what they would do for the wedding. Of course a wedding planner had been hired, and she had a place rent, a date, and had sent invitations. Dean would have an appointment with her. But for now, he had other things to take care of.
Dean went back to his office, expecting Castiel to greet him with an angry speech, maybe some yells. Silence greeted him instead. It was empty.
“Veronica Vanni was her name. I’ll tell you when I’ll have less alcohol in my blood. And honestly it’s a long story.”
“A neighbor told me she saw you in the News this morning, that’s why I came! At least this time it wasn’t difficult to find you!”
“Yep, and I’m now an amateur wedding planner! I might find myself a new career after that!” He jokingly told them.
“You know, you accidentally put your hand in my face, you kinda slapped me during sleeping,” Dean grumbled.
Dean remembered how he would read Sam stories in this room, he had never been really fond of books, but he had always loved to read for his little brother.
His voice was decent, not bad at all even, but not wonderful. Then why did he felt the need to lean in the doorframe and just listen in complete silence?
“My boss told me you demanded me to be fired. She also told me you were going to punish the school for what I did. Why would you do that? You could have just…”
They got to bed together, though Castiel was a bit reassured, Dean was still worried. Something was nagging him, he had a bad feeling about all this.
“We were friends back then,” Jo told Dean with enthusiasm, “If someone had told me you would marry Cas’ one day, I wouldn’t have believed it! Where did you two meet?”
“I wouldn’t consider my only way out as a joke if I were you.  Let’s imagine…You and I were secretly dating, you just got stupidly angry at me during a reception, but now that we announced our marriage, I forgave you and even accorded a donation to the school. A school that you left by your own accord because you didn’t feel the need to work anymore. And of course, Anna, the Head-mistress, would be very grateful.”
Castiel then remembered what he heard about Sam Winchester and that conflict. “Does that mean you two are in better terms?”
“I know the place a bit. Kevin and I went there two years ago, there are a few locations where you could marry. But now, that’s up to you and your boyfriend’s taste. By the way, I’d need to meet him.”
Though she was pouting because the butterfly left, she busied herself with the others things around while staying close to her dad. As they slowly walked, he felt like some kind of vertigo. Tomorrow…Castiel couldn’t believe he would be married tomorrow.
“Not us,” Kevin said about Marc and himself. “And I actually met Dean because he had briefly dated a model I worked with. Funny when you think about it, he dumped th girl but kept the agent as a friend! And I introduced Marc to him when he searched for a new advertising agent.”
“Yeah, that’s the two explanations. I had neither when I was a kid, though, I was just ten. All I knew was that during some mornings, I would wake up and see a shadow-man standing in my room, and he would approach me, then sit on the bed to grab my throat. It happened several times after my mom died. Eventually I told my dad about it, because he noticed I was tired and anxious.”
“Because you had given me a trail to follow, told me what to say. Same when I was lying to my friends, we had already imagined some story…”
“I don’t know…I’m just wondering about everything, I don’t know how it will be to have this life of yours, and I just hope it will be alright, especially for Claire.”
He finally accepted and made an exception, but he warned Castiel that it would be the last time. Weirdly enough, he felt happy; he would have hated to be refused because of his clothes. He marveled a bit at first, he had never been in such a club before, not only it was huge, but the whole décor was pretty impressive. There had been a lot of effort put in here, it wasn’t just the usual local bars he would sometimes go in. Some people did look at him, and he snorted.
“I’ll treat you like another patient, what we say together will stay between us. I won’t even tell Sam.”
He reassured her just like he had soothed Sam. She eventually told him he just had to tell her if he felt like talking. Honestly, talking to a psychiatrist wouldn’t be a bad idea, but part of him was reluctant to do it. He had a lot in his past, and he rarely opened up about it. He did with Dean when his father barged in, but the situation had led him to do so.
“She is not a junkie if that’s what you imply. She is just an old hippie, and she never smoke whenever Claire is around. And trust me, some nannies who looks perfectly respectable are actually monsters under the surface, it means nothing.”
If Dean had no lust for him, he would have simply told him he didn’t want him. Instead, he said he wouldn’t coerce him…But now he remembered the way he had looked at him. He thought he might have been wrong, but apparently no.
“So either it was the first time they targeted people here, or I was right: they were sent by someone.”
“You surely need to relax a bit too,” Kevin told Castiel with sympathy. “Moving away, preparing a wedding and the reporters, that’s a lot.”
“And there was Ellen. As I told you, she had a bar, but she would also organize illegal fighting for bets. I remember I saw her fight off some big guy in the streets, like it was nothing. I asked her to teach me to do the same, and she accepted only if I would help at the bar. Every day after school I pretended to go at the library and I would actually train with Ellen instead. Then, I would go back home, and at night I would sneak away to work for her.”
Castiel didn’t know why she was dismissed earlier than usual, but it was good for her he guessed. Dean looked once again outside before turning to Castiel who was brushing some dirt away from his pants.
“As I explained, I don’t pretend to predict the future thanks to that, I don’t believe in mediums and all. But the interpretation we have of the cards can reveal a lot about ourselves. We’ll only go with the major Arcanas. Pick up five among those and then we’ll look at what you got.”
Anna held Castiel’s arm as if she was afraid to fall. Lexie was walking with them, she had came alone, and she liked to joke that it looked like Castiel had one women for each arm. The three of them were nervous, they had never been to that kind of cocktail before, and it was the school’s future was which was at stake. Being a teacher in Middle school wasn’t always easy, but Castiel never thought he would have to do that kind of things. When he remembered where he came from, it was strange to be here.
“Oh, I wouldn’t doubt a man like you! There is something I would like to know, though: if you had been able to approach me the first time you saw me, what would you have done?” Castiel asked, lowering his head slightly, his expressive blue eyes over Dean.
The whole setting had been prepared indeed, and Castiel was pretty happy with it. Just like the hotel, the whole thing was not too garish or ostentatious, the whole décor was elegant and plain. The view on the ocean below was already giving a perfect setting along with the beautiful green and flowery gardens, he would have been already satisfied to wed here with nothing else. But some bouquets of white flowers had been added as well, matching the white chairs and the white wedding lodge which had been adorned with green plants. The set for the wedding buffet was pretty similar to this and would take place in another part of the gardens.
Dean’s voice woke him up and he looked at him with hatred. It was because of him that he was here, he shouldn’t be eating in that stupid restaurant with him, he should have been with his little girl! It was because of him.
“I know, but you said it reflected one of your wants. You’re the second person to whom I ask that, but do you still hate me?”
He waited for the right moment to speak with her alone. He seized the occasion when she went to the bathroom, h waited for her to return and intercepted her before she could join the rest of the group again.
He roughly pushed him off of him and woke up immediately to go to his daughter who was crying, lost because she had no idea where she was.
“That guy…You really want to go on with that marriage thing?” She was one of the very few people who knew that was a scam of course, since she was the one who hacked Castiel’s Data to get back the conversation he recorded. Dean crossed his arms.
He had to fear them reasonably, not let himself be intimidated but remember to be wary. He always remembered that with Dick Roman.
Dean gave him one last punch, knocking him out. Castiel took out his phone, and called the cops. Silently, Dean was already thinking of how he would unveil the truth. He was sure this was no coincidence, but who sent them? A mobster? The Church of Hope? Or somebody else?
“…Let’s say that your brother did something for me, that I wished people had done a long time ago, and he was the only one. Granted, it didn’t take much effort for him, but he did it nonetheless. Maybe it’s from that moment that I really started to feel less hostile toward him. And also when I learned I was wrong about him and Ellen.”
She gaped at this. Castiel put down his book and took another one for Claire, a child book about sea animals h had bought for her yesterday. The kid looked at it with some excitement, but mostly remained focused on the clouds. Eventually, Castiel softly told her a short story and she fell asleep, leaning her had against her dad’s arm. Now that she was sleeping again, Castiel asked something that had started to nag him since they got into the plane. He leaned closer because he didn’t want people to hear.
Of course, Dean and Jess chose that moment to arrive and Castiel couldn’t help but wonder what he would do during the wedding night. He knew Dan wouldn’t force him to do anything, that wasn’t the problem. It was his own wants he wasn’t sure about.
He stopped there and just walked away from his brother who was unable to speak or do anything. He came here to bond again with Sam, but it seemed like his brother would despise him more than ever.
“It’s difficult to explain. But it’s like this. You must know I love you dearie, I’ll always do everything so you can have what’s best.”
It made Castiel huff. He didn’t stay for too long after that, his next visit was to Anna. She listened with attention when he told her what happened in California, and was pretty satisfied when he told her what happened once Sam discovered.
Dean just chuckled but did stop, after all he got what he wanted so he just went back to the water. When noon came, they went back home to eat and to let Claire have a nap before going back to the beach to retrieve Cas’ and Jess. Since they had to stay home a bit, Dena took that occasions to check out some things for work while Castiel read a bit. They didn’t talk much, but they were fine reading and working in the same space.
Shrugging, Dean leaned against the rails, at his side. That expression he had…It was quite like the one he had when he was dancing. He longed to touch him, but he was aware he wouldn’t be welcome. There was some melancholy as well in his expression. Was Castiel…
“I don’t know who the hacker is yet,” Charlie admitted. “I can tell you it’s no little player, but neither am I. For now, it seems like we managed to clean our system completely, but I still want to check out.”
“Yeah, I wanted to leave you and Jo out of it as much as possible. But Connor was trying to get a name for himself and he wanted to gain more power. My place really interested him. He threatened me, tried to corner me into selling it, I didn’t want to budge, but he started to make threats toward Jo as well, and I understood it would be too dangerous to stay. I still didn’t want to sell to him, because I didn’t want to give him that victory. That’s when I heard that the Winchester company some offers around to find a place for a store. I immediately did everything to come in contact with them, and offer to sell. That’s when I met Dean Winchester’s son. I knew that once they would buy, Connor wouldn’t dare to go against them. It was my last ‘fuck you’ to them.”
“You know too well you did something wrong, and you know you need to talk to someone who can help you sort things out.”
“I don’t! It occasionally happens but it’s probably the stress, nothing else, I know how to handle it.”
“Yeah, I knew the media would speak about it, one of the biggest names of New York getting married to a man, I knew everyone would talk about it. I wasn’t ready to face it myself, so having my daughter in the middle of that…I really wasn’t ready,” he repeated as it was absolutely true.
Anna was breath-taken when Castiel visited her next morning. He had come with Claire at her house, tapped at her door and what she heard sounded just like some novella or something. That guy wanted to marry Castiel?
Indeed, that was something he never thought about. “I don’t know, but what should we do with Claire? Generally couples don’t go with their children.”
Castiel leaned against him a bit more at those words. It felt good to have someone holding him, listening to what he had to say. For most of his life he had felt in danger, and then he had to handle the responsibility of raising his daughter alone. Right now he felt safe, and that seldom happened. Yet he wasn’t so used of showing weaknesses, and soon he felt too exposed. Gently, he pulled himself out of Dean’s hold. He had told him a lot but Dean hardly revealed him anything.
They got out of the car and came in; once again he found the place really appealing, with its particular décor. Dean was of course greeted by every employee who crossed his way. It had been strange to think he could come in without having to wait in the queue, nor care about the way he was dressed. Well, at least being with Dean had its advantage. He walked with his future husband who lead him to the bar counter where a group of people were talking. A red-haired woman waived her hand at the sight of them.
They continued to talk and eventually dined. They had cooked duck with vegetables, something Castiel didn’t remember eating before, but it was delicious. Even Claire who looked at it in a dubitative way ended up loving it.
“Dean, they took you by surprise! I don’t think many people would have been able to react in time, even less children! You still managed to stop a child rapist to hurt your brother and alerted people, that’s a lot!”
Looking at him, Dean remembered he and his husband intended to adopt a child. He imagined how hard it would be for him to hear such a thing. He silently promised himself he would try to make a gesture for them. He put a hand on Marc’s shoulder, surprising the man because it was rare for Dean to give such display of compassion. He shook himself up and took a deep breath: “I don’t know if talking about my marriage will send a strong enough message. Your bisexuality could be but people might not believe it. If you were married to a guy, then it would make them shut up, but…”
Silence passed after that declaration, Castiel still refusing to look at him, while his future husband devoured him with his eyes. Dean approached him further, their bodies almost touching. “Can I hug you this time?”
A nod was his only answer. He drank again before giving the bottle to Castiel who took another gulp as well.
“Listen to me: you might have me trapped, but you’re not trapping my girl! I’m her father, and I’m the one who will decide of her future!”
The day went slowly, Dean mostly stayed home to work, and probably to sort out his thoughts, while Cas’ went on the beach with Claire. He wished he had found the one they went on yesterday, but he didn’t remember the way. Though he enjoyed having some times alone with his daughter, he was still a bit worried over everything. Why? He shouldn’t have, after all the most important to him was his daughter. But let’s be honest, Sam and Jess were good people, and the concern Sam had showed had really touched him. And Dean…He should have been just satisfied and yet he couldn’t help but feel compassion.
This time, Dean answered before Castiel could. He perfectly knew this was a trap, and he knew the best way to avoid it was to say the truth, or at least a part of it: “With those fake rumors we couldn’t think about hiding anymore, it was now or never that we had to reveal ourselves. What my ex-collaborator declared goes absolutely against everything we are. A marriage is a proof of your love before the world. We realized it was the right time for us to give that proof.”
Damn, he was a good actor actually. When he had been back home, his friends had asked many question, and he would have thought they would have gone dry. Not really. They greeted Dean and soon asked questions too, and Castiel watched in amusement as Dean was a bit taken off balance: this time he was the stranger taken out of his comfort zone. Yet at his credit he did remain composed and even charming. He shook hands with the people throwing the party, Sally and Pacome.
Dean nodded. It was good then. It was better to know Castiel was into this, and to know he wasn’t just a problem to deal with but someone who would play a significant role in his and his daughter’s life. The anger he had felt against him was dead, it had been pointless from the very beginning.
“You know this almost makes me wish we had a wedding by the ocean too,” Marc told him, “this place is wonderful.”
They had picked him up at his house, and he hoped Claire wouldn’t miss him. Anna, Lexie and Zach were here, excited already. He had paid a baby-sitter for the night, one he trusted, yet he couldn’t help but worry.
The mobster was surely someone Dean would deal with from time to time for business, but he would usually not come and visit him at his house. They would usually meet at the Blue Jungle.
He told her about how Dean had ordered him to wait for him and how he left to go back to the Queens and had Dean stay in his guest room for the night. She laughed as she heard how Castiel jokingly told him there would be cockroaches. He laughed as well.
“Yeah, back then I couldn’t believe someone so young would handle that kind of things. Is the store doing well?”
Marc didn’t know everything about Castiel, just that Dean was single and found some kind of arrangement with a guy. He didn’t know the details, though.
Damn right he knew, he had been part of it! She was still beaming at his sight: “So what did you became?”
He expected Dean to tell him that he had to obey him no matter what, just like during their first date on the rooftop restaurant, but the man just nodded. “Fine with me.”
At this, Castiel couldn’t help but grin a bit as he saw Dean frowning when the man explained him that the seemingly inoffensive teacher basically fought back, and would have probably beat the three of them if he hadn’t pulled out his gun.
He looked at her belly with a smile. It was true he wished to know his niece, and if Sam could forgive him, he wanted to see him as well. It was pretty incredible: who thought the girl he was so wary of at a time would be the one to help him save himself from his own mistake?
“Not for whatever you want, but for what you need. Don’t imagine you can suddenly empty my bank account.”
They got something to eat quite quickly and didn’t wait for too long to go back home. Claire started dozing when they reached the house, her dad took her in his arms and her little head rested on his shoulder, and Dean smiled at how one of her arms was dangling. Cas’ put her in the bed, she didn’t even ask for her plush toys as she would usually do, but he still put those at her side.
That had been Dean’s words, Castiel remembered those. He had to admit Dean Winchester was an attractive man, and if he had been a nice guy, he would have been probably tempted. He only had one relationship with a man before, it didn’t last long, but Castiel had a nice memory of it. Yeah, if only there had been a nice man in Dean’s body, he could have been seduced, but the personality and what he did to Ellen in the past repulsed him. He looked down, Dean’s intense stare over him almost crowding him. His breathing itched, wanting to change the subject badly.
“And we aren’t the only who aren’t straight, let’s not forget Charlie! As if those fuckers knew anything…”
He bit his lip: “They forced the door and then they beat us and tried to take us somewhere else. But while they were dragging us out of the flat, we struggled, and the cops arrived. They
“Obviously! You’re lucky you didn’t break anything,” Dean growled, angry at him now. Castiel just laughed at that almost bitterly: “Oh, I’m scared! I’m so sorry, Your Highness…”
He strolled toward him, and the man finally saw him. At this moment, Dean felt as if he received an electric shock when the unknown man put his eyes on him. But this instant didn’t last, the dark-haired man took the girl he was dancing with by the hand and led her somewhere else.
The anger was even stronger, he didn’t even really know who he was angry at: the old hag for speaking of Sam? Bela who was trying to go for his money? Or that stupid teacher for his insolence?
“I’m not always bitchy, and considering the situation I could be worse. Anyway I warned you this wouldn’t be an easy ride, when you ‘proposed’ me.”
He had received a mail from Charlie, there had been no new attempt to hack the system, and she also announced him that she would come to the wedding with Jo. He smiled at this, his friend definitely didn’t loose time while he was away! He still wasn’t sure whether or not the recent events (the fake rumors, the hacking and the mugging attempt) were linked, but it was good to know nothing wrong happened while he was gone.
He lowered his eyes, the guy was just genuinely asking, and that was the worse. “Yeah, that’s overwhelming to say the least. I guess it’s a  good thing I’m not working for now.” At least, it was the truth, it was quite overwhelming.
She had probably been gorgeous when she was young, he could guess it. He wondered what her husband had looked like. Claire went to her dad, wanting his attention, and Castiel stood up to dance with her a bit. He made her swirl round and showed her little steps, and she was overjoyed, laughing loudly. Dean had to admit that even though he could feel many stares on him, the atmosphere was quite nice. He had rarely been in such kind of parties, it was usually more cocktails, or clubs. Another girl danced with him, quite excited to think she was dancing with a billionaire. At the next song, Dean decided to go to Cas’. He was the one who brought him here, well now he would have to go on with the act.
He was pushed in Dean’s office which seemed incredibly bright compared to the rest of the building which was in semi-darkness. He was sitting at his desk, looking dominant and powerful and everything a man like him should look like. A smirk adorned his face when he saw Castiel. He was wearing blue jeans and a jean jacket, and he had to say he loved that look on him.
This was for schools and therefore there were a lot of people he didn’t know, headmasters, teachers, people he wouldn’t usually meet. He could see some had never been to that kind of party, the way they were looking around as if they were in some kind of museum. Yes, there was actually one he remembered, his old head-master. The old man greeted him, he remembered him still, after Dean had been quite the trouble-maker back then. But the old man didn’t seem to resent him much, maybe because unlike a lot of parents, John Winchester didn’t take advantage of his status to have his son excused every time he was screwing up. Nope, when Dean would have detention, John would tell him he should have behaved and punished him further. If he had bad grades, John would tell him to work harder.
When the preach was over, he took Claire in his arms, and went right to the Reverend. He was already talking to some people and Castiel intended to wait but it wasn’t Claire’s intention obviously.
“You can count yourself pretty lucky, guys like Castiel aren’t easy to find!” Jo told Dean, putting her arm over Cas’s shoulders. The latest didn’t know what to do or say. Why didn’t Ellen look mad? Why was she letting her daughter work with him? Ellen wasn’t the kind to hide her discontent, had she been angry at Dean, she would have given him a piece of her mind. But no, she was warm. Obviously, he didn’t know everything.
“Dear God, Mr Winchester! I would never think of doing such a thing!” She protested with a false offended air, forcing herself not to smile. Dean laughed even more at this.
The buzz of his phone suddenly interrupted his thoughts, he took it without thinking, persuaded that it was either work, either another congratulation.
The way he sighed in defeat and closed his eyes was just so tale-telling, Dean knew he had him in his grasp this time.
Castiel didn’t know what to answer to that. He took the time to look at Dean’s face, just like that time at the sea, he just contemplated the man’s feature. Clive, his only boyfriend, had been good-looking, but he couldn’t compare to Dean. But more of all, he had never said such things to him. In fact, no one had ever complimented him like this. He had heard, handsome, hot or sexy, but not something which sounded like this. In fact, it wasn’t the first time Dean told him something like this.
Laying on his back, Dean continued to observe the one at his side; It was weird to think he had someone in his bed he couldn’t touch and who was meant to stay.
“You’re actually good at this, you know?” Castiel didn’t answer, looking thoughtful, and once again, he couldn’t help but admire him, his expression, his face and more of all those intense blue eyes. Was he thinking of his daughter?
“Enough!” He heard a familiar ‘click’ sound and turned to face the third man to see a barrel. His blood turned cold: he didn’t know they had guns!
And he did. He could see she was on the verge of tears, and she did lock herself up to contain herself from crying. Her practical side urged her to go to Dean Winchester and try to beg for forgiveness, but her emotional side just begged to stay locked away from people. It wasn’t just the found she had lost, what if Dean Winchester tried to do everything to drown her school because of what just happened? She was afraid for everything she worked for, she was afraid for her colleagues, herself and she was furious at Castiel. How were you supposed to react when the person you helped caused your downfall?
He laughed at this and blushed a bit. He was aware he attractive, but he never considered himself as the kind who could make people stop their tracks. They got drinks and it didn’t take long for them to go to the dance floor.
There weren’t many things which could make Dean tremble in nervousness. He had dealt with Wall Street sharks and mobsters and none of them had ever made him tremble. But here he was trembling as he looked around for his little brother. He spotted him quite easily, Sam was taller than most people.
Castiel shrugged but he could understand actually, he wouldn’t have liked being exposed either. Dean went on: “I’ll simply said I wanted to keep our relationship away from the media, because you weren’t used to that.”
He held his breath when the plane actually started flying and Claire look with fascination outside, her dad rubbing her back, happy to see her so excited. “We fly!” She exclaimed that out loud, making some people laugh, Dean cracked a smile as well in spite of his nervousness. Her dad kissed the top of her head.
“In a bit less than five weeks, it will be two years my father died. I don’t want to wait too long for our marriage, but I want to leave some times between it and that anniversary.”
“…She…She wasn’t working alone, the whole family was in this. Their goal wasn’t just to have Veronica seduce my dad and become his new wife to take advantage of his fortune. They wanted to steal his fortune entirely once she would have married him. Basically, she would have became his wife and my father would have had an ‘accident’ after that. Then through a false testament, Sam and I would have been entirely disinherited, and she and her family would have had everything.”
He almost asked what happened to her but stopped himself. Maybe another time, they had done enough revelations for tonight. Dean gulped, though he had owed Castiel an answer, he didn’t like to talk about that.
“Why not? Maybe it will tranquilize me, and at least we’ll take a stroll. Claire, stay around us, darling!”
Jo smiled even more hugely at this: “I knew it!” She turned to the older woman behind her! “I knew it was him mom!”
Jess was about to stand to help them but Sam held her back by the shoulders. “Come on, rest, we can do it.”
At loss of words first, Dean tried to remember what he read: “It’s due to the brain panicking because it got no explanation why the body is paralyzed, or that our brain is still between dream and reality.”
From the corner of his eyes, Dean saw a man stumbling and crashing against his car. Immediately, he yelled: “Hey, you!” That’s when he realized this was the handsome one. The man turned to him, his eyes slightly wide and looked as if he wondered why the hell Dean just yelled. Softening his tone a bit, Dean growled:
Although she was unwilling at first, she eventually obeyed. Patting Castiel on the shoulder because his task was way worse according to her, Jo took her girlfriend by the hand and the three of them walked away. The two men walked in the opposite direction, enjoying their last moments of privacy before getting with everyone else.
“It’s not the problem. Did you really do that just because I bumped into your car? Or for a few bad words? And I would have understood if I had attacked you for nothing, if I had been the one insulting you, but you came and dragged us in the mud. What did you expect?”
He remembered the day Sam left, telling him that it was his problem if he wanted to be dad’s obedient servant, but that he wouldn’t let money hold him back. It had sounded so painful and so much like Sam at the same time. He had only seen his brother at their dad’s burial, and they had hardly spoken to each other, Dean containing all the anger he had toward his brother. But he had also longed badly to reach out to him, to get comfort from him and comfort him in return, he had wished to tell so much to Sam but he never did. It would be two years in a few weeks that his dad died.
Being a parent wasn’t easy, Castiel knew it from the beginning. Today was one of the days he was reminded of it. Claire started asking why Dean wasn’t around, she wanted him to come with them, and she couldn’t understand why Jess and Sam weren’t here either.  Castiel tried to explain her that they were busy today, she cried at a point, she couldn’t understand why. Claire would rarely pull a tantrum, but when she did, it wasn’t half-way.
He looked up to see Cas’ who had been able to free himself. Dodging a punch from the broadest one, Cas elbowed the guy right in the face, and Dean rushed to kick the other one before he could attack his future husband by behind. Before he could recollect his spirit, Cas’ grabbed his opponent by the hair and pushed him against the tall one who just got kicked by Dean, making them collide violently. He gave another punch in one guy’s face, making him fell and knocked him off with one last kick. Dean grabbed the last conscious one and pinned him against a car.
Dean sighed, he knew he was right, but the idea to expose himself, and to Sam’s wife! But on the other hand, she was part of the family, and he could trust her to keep everything he would tell her a secret. A stranger could be tempted to use what he could say to their profit, in spite of medical secrecy. With her, he would be safer.
“Well, you could have changed your mind, and decided you would have preferred something grandiose,” Dean clarified. “What about you, kiddo, you like it?” Asked he to Claire.
It was indeed, blue and green plants and flowers, some real some fake, some painted on the walls and some hanging from the ceiling, giving a thick and rich decor. Some pedestals were spread across the dance floor were professional dancers would do their show, in exotic outfits. It was no strip-club; they would never take off anything, but it was suggestive. The whole thing gave a chill, mysterious vibe Dean always liked. One girl disguised as a tigress was especially attractive, just like that new guy working at the bar. He didn’t know either of their names, but he didn’t care about it.
This was too much to hear, Dean just left him here, furious but also unable to say anything anymore. He locked himself in his office. Screw him! It didn’t matter what he would do after all! And he didn’t need to see him, right?! But actually he had wanted to see him. And sadly it was true, he did take Castiel away from everything he knew and built. But God, he had much more to offer! He could give him what was best!
His breath was cut off, amusement disappeared and this time he was just baffled: “Are you telling me to go see a shrink?”
The man followed him, and Castiel immediately went in Claire’s room. He hadn’t recognized him, but he knew the name of Dick Roman, and he knew this man was dangerous. He didn’t wake Claire up, but he remained at her side, he would come down only when he would hear him leave. He saw one of the dogs entering the bedroom as well, laying near the bed and he was actually glad of that. He knew the pitbulls loved Claire, and he felt like she had one more protection. Yet he hoped Dean would be fine.
“The fuck is wrong with you?! You seriously intended to hide her?! You thought I wouldn’t discover? And seriously, why?!”
He breathed deeply, absorbing the air as if he was absorbing the ocean as well. He looked at the water, it was still possible to see the moves of the waves, it was entrancing, he could have stayed here all night maybe. He heard the footsteps behind him, but didn’t make a move until Dean was standing at his side. He just turned his head to look at him and looked back at the black water.
Oh no, he could never do that! But Anna seemed so desperate, so down…Dean Winchester told her the school would hardly receive any funds, he probably wanted Castiel to beg to fix this. “I knew he was a monster already. A friend of mine had to leave the city and abandoned everything they had because of him.”
“That’s good to know,” Dean concluded on that same soft tone Castiel was starting to like more and more.
“The anniversary of my father’s death…It will be in a few weeks. Five weeks more exactly. I don’t want my marriage to happen close to it.”
“He told me about what you two decided. I don’t know what got through you, but as long as you don’t hurt him, it’s the most important. He told me you’re getting through therapy?”
“Don’t think of hiding her. Believe me, it would do more hurt than good.” He released him: “Go, prepare your stuff, you’ll both come and settle here by tomorrow. Once again, I won’t hurt your child.”
“It’s too expensive for us, normal people can’t afford cars like that. Sorry honey, but we’ll have to keep the old one.”
“It’s no. You realize you’re the man who basically insulted us and expected us to just take it nicely because you’re rich and powerful. You also got me fired, tried to force me to leave the City where my life is, and even threatened my colleagues and friends who did nothing! And you think I wouldn’t mind because of your name and status? Guess what, that’s not how it works! If you treat people like that, they’ll hate you, point! Don’t expect them to trust you around their children or anything else!” He shifted a bit to turn toward him. “And among every people you hurt to get your company richer, didn’t you think that some of them might have gotten children?”
He was just about to swim again when he caught one look from Castiel, one quick glance, but Dean noticed. He knew that kind of stares…His future husband just checked him out! He couldn’t believe it, Castiel told him he just wanted to slap him but it seemed otherwise right now. Feeling in a teasing mood, he waited a bit and when Castiel returned to the beach, letting Claire go and play with some other kids, he got close to him. They were just standing close, not touching, just close enough to feel each other, just like that time in the store where he had bought him a suit.
“In a club,” Dean simply replied, looking the three with astonishment. “I had no idea you already knew each other!”
“I do as he says when he asks for something that makes sense, I don’t mind, but don’t worry, I don’t intend to bend to his every will and let him change me.” Indeed, he hadn’t allowed his father to submit him when he was a teenage boy, he wouldn’t let his future husband do that now that he was a man. He had never told Anna much about his dad, she just knew they didn’t share a loving relationship.
Castiel turned away and decided it was better to go get his daughter and just leave. The days were long, the sun was still up, and he could still do a few things before the night came. The things he had planned to take to Anna’s house were still packed, toys, books and clothes for most. It would be easy to move Claire to Dean’s house. “Okay…Well, I’d better get Claire and go…”
“Of course, I love the sea too, you know, and Greece is wonderful, the food, the beaches, and the monuments.”
“Where are you working now?” Dean asked, standing at Castiel’s side and watching the cards with curiosity as well.
The three of them ate together in the kitchen, something that was unusual for her, Dean would usually go to the dining room while she would eat here.
“People are impatient to see your marriage. I know you didn’t want to do it right now, but it would be for the best.”
Anyway it was maybe better, Sam and he hadn’t seen each other in a long time, suddenly being under the same roof all day was maybe not the best thing. Especially since he didn’t know how Jessica would react to him. He heard a slight chuckle.
“Thank you! You shouldn’t have though.” He was quite uneasy at the idea to have someone doing that for him.
Dean blinked several times, not sure he heard right: “You took such a risk just for that? Just so I would leave you and your friends alone?”
“Nope, it won’t be. You will also have to get your ass away from that city. I don’t ever want to see your face again.”
“Yeah, that frigging hacker got me some sleepless nights! But I don’t wanna talk about it, it’s been too much already!” She sighed heavily.
As Cas’ tried to elbow Dean in the side the man grabbed his arm and pushed toward the nearest wall. Dean managed to pin him against it, panting heavily, and at his surprise Cas smiled maliciously. The dark-haired man leaned toward him, titling his head slightly as if he was going to kiss him. This wasn’t expected! And the jab in the rib followed by a kick to take him off balance wasn’t expected either. Dean fell with a yelp, making Castiel laugh. He extended his hand to him to help him stand up.
“I won’t lie, I was when I learned. But you know, I see and hear much worse at my work. I don’t say what you did is right, but I can deal.”
Castiel shook his head, it couldn’t be. Dean would eventually laugh at his naivety or something, this must have been a sick game. But the laugh didn’t came, Dean was just circling around him like a vulture before stopping to face him. He had that triumphant look on his face, something Castiel hated.
He looked outside with some strange fascination while talking, it was really the first time he was coming to the West Coast, and he had to say it was beautiful, California definitely had charm. And he was happy to be in a small city, although Dean had assured him Los Angeles was beautiful, being in a small city was an even bigger change. He was still curious to see L.A., though. They mostly speak of the places to visit and the best beaches where they could go. The house Dean was renting for a few days wasn’t far from theirs, it wouldn’t be hard to spend time together.
Though she was the only person in that building to call Dean by his first name instead of ‘Boss’ or ‘Mr Winchester’, she was still a bit intimidated by him sometimes. Yet this wasn’t the time to back off.
Castiel shrugged: “As you wish.” Was Dean trying to scare him? He didn’t know but he was quite curious to meet those people.
When Dean came home, they didn’t talk much at first, just shared dinner. All the while, he could feel some tension, it seemed like Castiel was mad at him but didn’t want to talk about it before his daughter. It was only once he went to bed that they had their first real conversation. Castiel was already under the cover when Dean went to sleep, but he noticed the man wasn’t asleep.
This morning was a beautiful one, even through the sills, Castiel could tell. The rays of sun piercing were good signs. Stirring, he wasn’t surprised to feel Dean’s arms around him after what happened yesterday. Unlike the first time he didn’t push him away harshly like he did the first time, he just gently got away from his arms to go and take care of his daughter. He let him sleep instead. He felt kind of strange this morning, he prepared his daughter’s breakfast as usual, but he felt like something had changed. Well, they had a meaningful conversation yesterday, maybe it was simply that.
Though he was disappointed, Dean nodded and freed him from his grasp. The car was down the street, they had to walk a bit. It didn’t bother Castiel, the smell of alcohol inside was a bit smothering, and a bit of fresh air before getting into the car was welcome.
Now Dean tensed a bit in anticipation, and listened as Crowley went on: “He was quite drunk, but he told someone he hated himself for failing his mission. He had to spy on you and find some dirty thing about you to bring you down. But well, you fired him before he could. Now I don’t know if those rumors were his ideas or someone else, but I guess it has something to do with it.”
“Ah yeah, now I remember, he told me that,” Castiel said as if it had been a while ago instead of ten minutes.
He didn’t stay with her for any longer, he knew some things about computers but he was far from having Charlie’s talents. As he left, she got up from her chair though.
Castiel showed him his phone and started to play the audio he had recorded. For the first time in a long time, Dean had a cold shiver. That conversation with Castiel…Being suspected of homophobia was bad enough, but this, this was maybe even worse, because he wouldn’t be able to deny it. If this got out…Dear Lord, he had dropped his guard, he had been so impatient to hurt the guy that he had been careless.
He hesitated. She still didn’t know the truth, and Charlie promised not to tell her. “We argued a bit, but it was still good. And it was good to see Jessica, and have some closure with her. It was weird to see her belly and think I’ll be an uncle soon.”
“It’s hard to hide secrets from family members, hiding it from Claire will be difficult already. Better not add your brother along.” He was speaking in a low voice, but the little girl was clearly not paying attention to them.
“Maybe he is just nervous about tomorrow. He is always a bit nervous before that,” she replied, but not looking very convinced by that.
Hi everyone! I’m sorry for the time it took, I kinda had a hard time writing this for several reasons, notably changes I had to add to the plot, and also life coming in the way. Now it’s here, I hope you’ll enjoy it!
“Indeed, and if our relationship can send a message, I’ll be proud of it,” Castiel shyly declared, pressing himself against Dean a bit furthermore. He couldn’t help but feel a slight vertigo at that subtle gesture and smiled at him, and that genuine smile was probably what finished convincing everyone of their story.
The reverend nodded. “He accused me of being the one who put you on the wrong path, he told me I wasn’t a man of God, that I should be banned from the Church. Thank God some people and I managed to get him to leave.”
“I must say I could hardly believe it too when it happened. But honestly I’m starting to wonder whether or not your brother would have done it. I’m starting to think it was bluff.”
But he was pretty sure Anna would have better tastes than him. The wedding planner had given him an appointment in a shop, it wasn’t very big but it was obvious that they would only sell the best. Both Anna and Claire looked at the wedding dresses exposed with stars in their eyes. And both adults had to stop the child from touching every dress possible.
“He wanted some parts in my company, maybe simply making juicy business deals with me isn’t enough for him. He could hope that my successor would be more accommodating. Also…You remember when we saw him in the Blue Jungle? Well, he called you Angel Face, I didn’t know it was your nickname, and…I wasn’t exactly happy about it.”
“You were right, you know. As much as everything Sammy said hurt, it’s also good he learned about it. It’s weird because it fucking hurt to hear him blame me, but it has that effect, like…Like someone got me, won’t let me derail my own life.”
“Well, we’ll have to get you a new suit, you can’t look like some peasant. Then I’ll simply announce our wedding and you will simply act…Well, not too much like yourself, just be demure, discreet and don’t talk too much. Whatever happens, though, remember: we’ve met two years ago, at a club, and we remained discreet about it but we saw each other on a regular basis.”
“What did you see?” Weirdly, he was incredibly curious to know what Castiel could see whenever he was paralyzed. Dear God, with his fanatic father, the suicide of his mother and this…He wondered how the guy went through all this.
At first this made his stomach churn, he didn’t like the idea of Cas’ doing that kind of things with the other guys. But when he thought about it…
“Hum, yeah, my friends were also surprised. The two of you met during college, if I’m right?” He asked Ben. “I heard of your names, it’s just your faces I didn’t know.”
Castiel put her down and she started to look at the flowers around. Dean grunted again and looked at his future husband with annoyance.
He looked at those, thought over it and rubbed his face. He really wasn’t sure at first, but as Jess said, there was no bad interpretation.
Yesterday, he had went to see Anna right after leaving Dean’s house, and she had been upset, not only for him, but also for herself. She had started to be enthusiastic at the idea of having a child living with her. They moved back the stuff they had prepared, Castiel doing most of the work because Anna already did a lot, and he didn’t want to exhaust her. She told him she was still not fired yet, though, maybe Dean had renounced to that because Castiel had agreed to marry him, they weren’t sure.
“I also want to meet his wife, someone who manages to convince a guy like Dean Winchester to follow a therapy must be worth the encounter.”
Dean waited, he would call for a tailor for their wedding suits, but for the press conference he had to pick something quickly, it was important for it to be held as soon as possible. He would usually not go to the Tower on Sundays, he would do some of his work at home and that was all. But today he would hold the press conference in the Great Hall. It wouldn’t last long, thank God. He thought of everything he would say, when a voice interrupted his thoughts.
