“Hey,” John called out, hoping to alert it to his presence. He didn’t fancy a kick in the face from a wild animal. He didn’t get a response. “Can you hear me? No?”
“Listen, mate, it’s really not a good night for this,” he called into the relative silence. He took a step back towards the comfort of his cottage. Nothing changed. He took another step. Nothing changed.
Carrying him back to the cottage was easy – for as tall as he seemed, the guy wasn’t that heavy. John started worrying about BMIs until he reached the door and got to his true difficulty.
He sighed. “Jesus,” he muttered, leaning in to rest his chin on the bed. “You’re bloody high again, aren’t you?”
Fawnlock held tight to his little stick of vine and the slab as he disappeared back into the bushed, these ones to the side of the camp. John made a quick decision and followed.
John stood up again, with much less pleasant intentions this time, and was dragged back down by an even harder grip and a louder growl. The claws stayed digging into his shoulder wound this time, but he didn’t feel them.
Sherlock frowned and nudged John around to face him. “Next time you want a meal, you tell me. It’s gone nine o’clock, you must be starving, but I’m only just starting to feel peckish. You have to tell me when you want to eat because I
John swallowed. “Are you serious?”
“Who told you that? Did your father tell you that?” Sherlock’s hands clenched into fists.
Sherlock eased his hands onto John’s shoulders and then down behind them, pressing until he could feel the muscles near his shoulder blades ripple gently with every stroke his hand made over Sherlock’s lower back. He’d never been this close to John before but he could already tell that he was intoxicating. He was unlike any drug Sherlock had ever known and yet he certainly held all the properties of them; he sent a unique buzz straight through Sherlock’s veins, he had a magnificent effect on his thought process, and he was certainly proving to be addictive. Sherlock couldn’t get his mouth off him, not that John seemed to be complaining.
Bags under his eyes, several new wrinkles on his forehead, slight layer of grime covering every inch of him. Christ, he looked like a bloody street-dwelling murderer now, didn’t he? He sagged a little bit in his seat. Stress. That was all it was. Just stress.
“I don’t,” Sherlock insisted, shaking his head. “Really, John, I don’t. I’ve been waiting for this, remember?”
The service started a few minutes late, but nobody seemed to mind. A swarm of people had gathered in those final few minutes and when Sherlock blinked himself from his deducing daydreams about divorces and ex-servicemen he jumped and sauntered back a few steps. Too many people far too close to him. Right then there was a squeak of a microphone, the voice of a middle-aged man calling politely for attention and inviting everyone to join with him in a hymn, and an introduction from a small band under a gazebo nearby. A mass rustling sound echoed through the park as everybody fell silent and opened to the first page of their programmes, and the first chorus of
Harry watched the pair of them carefully, finally beginning to realise what was going on. John looked genuinely confused, and absolutely certain that she was just being her usual overbearing self. Sherlock, however, was staring at her in a much more panicked way. His eyes were wide, his hand gripping John’s tightly, and he seemed to be pleading with her.
“Do you have any more questions?” Lestrade asked awkwardly. Sherlock shook his head. “Okay, then. If you have anything else you need, ring this number,” he put a small card on the table, “and ask for Greg Lestrade. Take care now, boys. I’ll be in touch.”
“‘So long and thanks for all the fish’,” Harry answered easily, “but you’re insane to even want to be in the same room as him. “You’d better take someone with you. Preferably a couple of someones. Big someones. With tasers.”
“I was thinking of taking you to Hackney,” Sherlock said in return, looking down at John’s lap.
“Human,” the faun tried slowly. John looked disapproving. “Yes.”
Loving it doesn’t mean he’s
“You kiss good,” he commented with a slur. He blinked hard, his head spinning under the pressure of his pounding heart. He forced another kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Never kissed a boy before. Why I never kissed you before?”
John made a face and shook his head. "Didn't need to. He said it'd go back on its own."
“Marylebone High Street,” John said once they were out on the street again. Sherlock instantly took off to the right and hailed a cab. “Number 42, if that’s any help.”
“I need to go and see him,” John whimpered, rubbing his eyes and pushing the mask from his face. He sat up. “I need to go. Please.”
“He needs more,” Sherlock insisted, glaring hard at the nurse and holding tight onto John’s hand, as ever. “He’s in agony. Put the numbers back up.”
“We’re only taking him for an x-ray,” the nurse said, taking his hands from the railing and getting the bed moving again. “He’ll be back up in ten minutes.”
Sherlock sighed and relaxed against his brother. “I suppose.”
“It is November, John.”
“How long am I going to be held here?” John called. He braced himself for a bad answer.
"You don't play."
“Couldn’t have. You were on the floor, last I saw. You weren’t even man enough to stop me yourself. Stop crying, you’re snivelling all over the place.”
Fawnlock didn’t know that word, but he knew that tone of voice. He beamed down at John and wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him into a tight hug. John was on the verge of choking but he hardly noticed. He’d never seen Fawnlock this pleased before, and he returned the hug with what he hoped was just as much affection as he was receiving.
“Who’s this, then?” she asked, cocking an eyebrow.
“The only person getting beaten half to death next time is Dad,” Harry said cheerfully. John could hear the murder in her sing-song voice. “Go be a doctor. Be whatever you want. Just don’t let that drunk bastard dictate your life.”
John, after staring at Sherlock for a few seconds just to make sure, backed away and sat down in his own chair. Sherlock’s heart did the clenching flutter again at the concern he saw in his expression.
“My friend’s been attacked. He’s definitely unconscious but I can’t get in to see him.”
“We just proved that they’re all wrong!” John said, pointing at the one in Sherlock’s lap. “I’m not a woman, Sherlock, I don’t feel things that way. Women and men have very different ideas and ways of thinking about things.”
Thank you, Sherlock. For the food. You don't have to. JW
“I literally just told you how cold I am, and tonight’s the night you want to walk? You bastard.” John shook his head.
. He wanted to feel the life that wasn’t just the slow-growing veg he’d managed to tease to life in the garden. He wanted bustle that wasn’t just the leaves in the wind.
John just shook his head. “No, don’t. There’s nothing wrong with your face. Your face is the very opposite of wrong, alright?”
“I broke in. Came in the window. I saw he needed help, he was just lying there.” Sherlock squeezed John gently.
Their banter continued in the steadily darkening afternoon light, and soon they’d been walking for fifteen minutes. John glanced up at Sherlock.
John wasn’t sure how long they spent like that, curled together in a warm embrace against the biting chill of the air, but he was certainly brought back to awareness by an odd heat over his head. It was… It was breath, he realised, but that wasn’t all. He felt Fawnlock’s breath over him all the time. There was a pressure over his head with this, like Fawnlock was—
“I don’t think you’ve answered this truthfully.” He handed the papers back.
“Evening,” the man greeted, pulling up the chair. John didn’t reply, but he did offer a small smile back to be polite. “I’m Dr. Garner. I’ve got a few tests with me here. I’d like to say they’re nothing major, but if anything substantial is proven then it will go to court as evidence when you’re tried.”
“We were having fun.” John shrugged.
Sherlock, unashamedly, used John as bait for most of the bit of afternoon they had left. Funnily enough, John didn’t remember ever consenting or even being asked to lure in the various drug dealers and sexual predators that roamed the streets of London, but that was what seemed to have happened. He didn’t question it, because, after a few seconds of actually thinking about it, it did seem to make more sense.
Fawnlock, of course, curled into John straight away, clinging to his legs. John pushed his fingers into the knotted hair and held him close.
“Because he’ll start on her if I’m not here. He says it all the time. ‘Do this or she gets it, do that or I’ll pull her out of school.’ I need to stay here.”
“I want you to stay,” he said firmly, still staring at Adam. The man nodded.
Once his hands had been freed he took his time remembering the number correctly, because he’d only get one shot at this. He could only hope she picked up. It was just his luck that his one phone call rang through an empty house.
He knew what the officers were doing; gathering up their evidence for a court hearing that would send him to
okay, it
“Hello,” he said, not bothering to sit up. “What are you doing here?”
“Could you go and put those containers in the bin? There’s one down the hall.”
John sniffed sharply. A tear rolled from the corner of his open eye down to his temple, and Sherlock wiped it away with his sleeve. “I don’ wanna hug,” he whispered, sniffling again.
Sherlock looked confused. “I brought you something.”
Sherlock had already gotten the door open when John made it to the steps, and he walked ahead inside but held the door for him.
“Here,” John said, lifting their coats of the hook and tossing Sherlock’s over to him. Sherlock caught it with one hand and laid it across his lap, busy with his phone. John shrugged his own on and patted each pocket on his person, double-checking that he had everything he needed for their trip out.
He may not be a vet, but he still had the training. Even if he couldn’t save it he could try.
“No,” Sherlock groaned in response. “I’m—I can’t—John!”
man.”
“John,” she said quietly, “the difference between you and me is, you don’t fight back. You take it, and take it like anything he does is a personal reflection on your own worth, and one day it’s going to kill you. You think he’s never tried to pound me into the ground? You’re wrong. But it didn’t take him long to figure out that I minimise my exposure and I fight back with whatever’s available. I don’t fight fair, John. I never have.” If she had, perhaps it would have looked less like she’d left her brother for the slaughter. “You fight fair, you end up dead, and I don’t want you dead, John. One of us has to go off and make something of ourselves. Once again: I’d rather it be you.
“Sh-shit,” John ground out, not quite fully in control of his mouth, as he tried to hide behind Sherlock. “God, p-please, no. Please. Please.”
“That alright, John? Would you rather he dress you?”
“What’s happening?” he muttered, turning his head to see the medic.
John waited until she’d left to cough a few more times, another spot or two of blood staining his tongue. “What’re they gonna do? They gonna put me under?”
John growled to himself and picked up the paper, chucking it as hard as he could back at Moran’s head. His aim was perfect, but Sebastian had seen that reaction coming and had ducked out of the way, still laughing mockingly.
“No, no, keep that on for me. Good lad. We’re taking you into hospital, you just fainted for a while. We’re worried about your head.”
John glanced around, but everybody was talking amongst themselves and not paying them the least bit attention. "Tell them what?" John said, ready to deny everything again as soon as he had to.
He loved this creature.
Sherlock blinked. “Pardon?”
Dad told me he loved me. JW
Sherlock continued to stare at him in search of ulterior motives. He found none, and finally allowed himself to relax slightly, shoulders drooping with relief. Now he was staring at John in awe. Everything was beginning to fall into place: all of the strange pulls in his chest, and the boiling heat in his stomach, and the almost irresistible urge to touch John. It had been yearning. Of course it had.
John, for one, was still struggling to comprehend what he was seeing. It was one thing having to accept the existence of a creature that was half man and half deer, but being thrust into the path of something that seemed to be half man and half wolf just a week after? Too much.
The detective nodded and unlocked his cell. He handcuffed a passive John and led him down a few seemingly disused corridors until they were in another bright concrete room, this one complete with a writing desk and payphones lining the walls.
As he diverted his pecks back to the pink lips beneath his the remaining hand cupped the soft bulge he could feel in John’s trousers and squeezed gently, beginning to rub. John groaned quietly into the kiss, his hips pushing up into Sherlock’s hand appreciatively. His hands went from around Sherlock’s back to his front, where he began pushing the jacket from his shoulders and undoing his shirt buttons. He reached the last button and Sherlock pulled his hand back to the zip of John’s trousers, where he released the one button there and pulled the zip down.
“What?” John said. His reaction was immediate; he sounded breathless again. “Can I come? Am I coming back to school?”
“Sh,” Sherlock said again, stroking his hair, where the blood was now dry. “Everything’s fine.”
Don’t just stand around crying. Do something.”
Once his heart had stopped threatening to batter its way out of his chest, John took a step forwards. Nothing had moved since it had… Landed. He swallowed.
“Waiting for something you didn’t even know you were waiting for,” John pointed out. He reached up and stroked a tentative hand over Sherlock’s hair.
“In my professional opinion, I think you have a crush,” John repeated, raising his eyebrows. He had to try his very best not to burst out laughing again.
Sometimes, John had dreams about Miss Hart. He dreamt that she gave him a panic button that froze his dad in place so he could get out – and he dreamt that the button didn’t work. He dreamt that she sent him abroad for exchange trips that he wasn’t entitled to – and he dreamt that the host-father he got assigned to was just his own in different skin. Sometimes he dreamt that she took him home and he just lived under her bed forever. In those dreams, she got married and forgot him.
“Oh.” Sherlock paused. “Right. Well, this park isn’t quite one from a romance film. There’s a secret society at the university campus near here that meet on Monday nights.”
Stay tuned and comment if there's anything you'd really like to see next time. Go safe, friends.
“I wasn’t joking.”
“You seem better for having heard it,” Sherlock observed coolly.
Sherlock hummed. “Today.”
He stood up slowly. It froze as soon as he moved, but John didn’t stop this time, because he was retreating. He took small steps backwards under the threat of the sharp, mug-infested antlers until he reached the hall. He continued in slow, quiet steps until he reached his bedroom, where he retrieved a large drawstring bag. He grabbed a cream cable-knit jumper from his wardrobe so he could demonstrate how it worked and then slowly returned to the living room to find it gnawing at a stray flap of leather on his armchair.
“Come. Telly,” John said softly, patting the side of Fawnlock’s head and gesturing towards the TV. The rain was only a light shower. He hoped it had signal, because it had the other day.
“Oh, God,” John sighed, thinking, “I suppose… I really don’t know. A kidnapping.”
John opened his red-rimmed eyes and looked at Sherlock with a distinctly sad look about him. He did look much more sympathetic with the mask on, Sherlock supposed. He sighed. “You’re responsible for your choices, and your father is responsible for his. Just remember that, won’t you?”
“Someone’s in with him already? Who? This is ridiculous. What do you want, ID? Get out of my face.” Harry tried to step around him, and he put out an arm. A second and third security guard, both larger women with softer faces but sterner bodies, appeared in Harry’s peripheral vision. “What the fuck is your problem? He’s my brother, I have a right to see him.”
Hard to believe it
“You just shut up and wait until your food gets here.” John found his feet under the table and gave him a sharp kick. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he jumped, but he didn’t say anything. John, with a proud smile, took a sip of his wine. He immediately spat it back out into his glass. “Oh, Jesus, what the… What is that?”
“Yep,” John said, though his tone was much lighter than the expression on his face. “It is.”
“That… That… What?”
John took a deep breath and tried to keep calm as he was walked through to the hall that would, most likely, ruin his life.
isn’t the office, you idiot.” Sebastian rolled his eyes and clamped his hands on John’s shoulders, steering him around to a door in the corner that was marked with a silver plate that read ‘PRIVATE’. John had to admit, he was relieved.
John scoffed. “Don’t talk to me about your face.”
John couldn’t help but grin. “Well, if that’s alright. I just… I don’t know how people will react, and I’m still, kind of… You know. Getting used to it. In case you’ve forgotten, it was only this morning.”
Sherlock nodded. He crossed his legs slightly and reached down to adjust his trousers. John had to look away.
“Hello? How much longer will the journey be, please?”
“John,” Sherlock said. He came to the bed and sat on the edge of it, taking John’s hands and holding them close. On autopilot, he kissed his knuckles. “Listen to me, you’re fine. You’re safe.”
Jesus. Maybe he
“Oh, God, Sherlock,” John breathed, holding him close and slowing his hand on his cock. “Fuck.
It wasn’t exactly a cave, but it sort of looked like one. There was a big hole in the side of what seemed to be a small cliff face, which Fawnlock had fit a little bed of vines and leaves and even what looked to be scraps of his own fur from the collar around his neck. It was clumped, and John managed to put two and two together and think that the faun moulted. A lot.
“Pillock,” John muttered. “For that, you can buy me a coffee.”
He pointed frantically in the direction of the door, knocking on it for emphasis. Fawnlock’s eyes flickered to the door, and then he disappeared. John stepped forwards again. He could hear a gentle scuffle and some scratching on the other side of the wood, and could only hope that Fawnlock was trying to figure out how to open the door. It was a good sign that it took him so long; at least nobody else had gotten in.
“I’ve already dealt with it. She’s in the waiting room. I wanted to make sure you were okay before she came back in.” Sherlock kissed his knuckles. John didn’t notice.
His heart fluttered in his chest. Fawnlock’s hair and decorations were soaked by the time they got back to John’s cottage. He unlocked the door and went to fetch a plastic bag for them, also collecting a towel that he wrapped around the faun and sat him down on the sofa. He was sad to have to pick out the beautiful flowers from his sopping curls. He wished he’d taken a picture, but he couldn’t take any pictures of Fawnlock. Too risky.
John rubbed his chin, taken aback. He didn’t have many friends, or even talk to many people outside, of his immediate group, but the friends he did have were kind. They cared about him. He was glad, yet again, that he hadn’t had the guts to do anything regretful the previous year. The people had been right: it
“Yeah,” he said, nodding. “Yes, fine, all fine. I just… Look, I really need to speak to my dad.”
John’s eyes opened wide. He turned to look at the faun, still staring at him intently. It looked a little worried. John’s gut twisted as he thought that maybe it was worried about him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock smiled down at him. “You’re right. You’re good on your own. But with people, you’re even better, so let’s just make sure, yeah?”
they’d say.
“Of course she does. I kissed her on the way out. She says you’re daft for talking to Dad.”
you to death?”
“Tell who?” John looked at him with a challenge.
“Oh. Hm…”
“John Watson.” Sherlock pressed his cheek to the bricks.
“That’s utter rubbish.”
To emphasise his point, John sauntered into the corner and sank down into a brown leather armchair, rubbing his hands together. Sherlock squinted and turned his back to John to queue. But he didn’t mind buying him a drink. This was something normal people did, something couples did. It really
“And you can’t get in at all?”
Honestly, he shouldn’t have listened to his sister. She was mental. She always had been. Even if she was paying for him to stay in that cottage, it wasn’t worth it. He was going crazy in there, and suddenly having an entire forest to traipse around in wasn’t
That sentence had gotten away from him slightly. He stared up at John, that floundering, panicking expression back on his face. John, eyebrows raised much too far towards his hairline than Sherlock’s liking decided they should be, chuckled softly.
Sherlock sighed. “Tissue.”
him. With a content sigh and an excitable grin, he couldn’t help but squeeze Sherlock’s hand. He must have been awake, because the hand in his squeezed back gently.
“Okay,” he said, relaxing slightly. John slid his hands down Sherlock’s wrists to lock their fingers together, and it was automatic, almost subconscious, for him to recognise the hard bob of his Adam’s apple and the faint lick of the inside of his lip. He wanted to try it, too.
“Alright,” Harry murmured. She put a hand on John’s shoulder, and, with a sigh, rubbed his arm fondly. “I won’t badger you.”
"What happened to your face?" Sherlock ignored the question and pressed his own.
“You’re hilarious,” John said light-heartedly, but his face was stern. “Really, you’re truly hilarious. Who are you? What are you doing here?”
A minor hesitation in his thoughts.
“No, you idiot! It’s not contagious; it’s not even a sickness. It’s just a crush.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied, and this time he kissed his jaw. “Just let me know.”
“It’s called Getti. She’s going to text me the address.” John’s phone went back into his pocket as the signal died. “Heard of it?”
John threw the torchlight at the person’s head. It was almost fully covered by that overgrown hair, and John reached a hand forward to flick away some of the strands. He lost his crouched balance and fell backwards into the mud when he saw a human face behind the flattened waves of hair.
“I’m fine, John. I just want to know.” Sherlock opened his eyes and scowled at John.
“That’s the sweetest thing someone’s done for me,” he said quietly, his voice rough. “Sweetest ever. You’re very nice.”
This brought along with it the realisation of possibly the worst thing about his situation: he’d probably never get to see Fawnlock again. He’d wished for excitement, but this was too much. He’d had enough now; he wanted the peace back. His fire had gotten too big. He’d preferred it when it was just a scrap of kindling, when he was merely nursing an old flame back to life.
Sherlock knew John must have had every word of the conversation memorised. He gave him a suspicious look, but didn’t push his luck. Instead, he pouted. “You could’ve woken me up first.”
“Do you remember what happened last night?” he said instead.
to go, then, doctor? You haven’t exactly been helping much.”
“D.I. Samuel Wells questioning Dr. John Hamish Watson, arrested on suspicion of murdering Mr. Richard Brook. Time, eleven hundred hours.” Wells finally looked up at a bewildered John and then flipped open his folder. He picked out a photo and slid it in front of John. “Do you recognise this man?”
“I’m sorry, ma’am. No visitors allowed right now.” The man was about her height but he was in a black uniform, and had that close-cut hair that could give anyone a sort of gruff aura, and his face left no room for argument.
John thought nothing of it as Sherlock bent his head and kissed his forehead. A thumb wiped something wet from his bottom lip. “Where’d Harry go?” he groaned, and then coughed gently against another crackle in his chest. “Did I scare her? Didn’t mean to scare her. I got angry. Tell her I’m sorry, please.”
It took literally a minute for them to be seated at a clean table, one side against the wall, with a little red candle between them. John stared down at the candle.
,” Sherlock repeated, the word growled into the pillow.
“John, we’re getting the bus,” Sherlock explained.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he stared down at John, outraged at the suggestion.
John didn’t say anything. He flexed his toes to ease the nervous jolts going through his legs, and then stood up much more firmly than he’d expected to. Moran still towered over him, but so did most people and there wasn’t much he could do about that. With an impatient glance at John – obviously checking him for signs of a fight – he turned around and kicked the door open. In a blink, he was gone. John had to run to catch up.
"No."
“So wh… what do I do? Where am I supposed to go? Why can’t you just tell me, because every answer I try to give is the wrong one, and I don’t want to keep trying anymore.” John put his face in his free hand.
Sherlock sighed. “I know you’re not stupid, John. You know that I see things, and I can see things in you.”
“Jesus,” he grunted to himself. He hadn’t realised how unpleasant handcuffs were until he’d been stuck in them all the time. He rubbed the purple bruising around his wrists, trying to get some feeling back into them while Sebastian was talking.
He’d have to go along with it for now.
Sherlock nipped John’s bottom lip. “Don’t be an arse.”
I was asleep. JW
“Well,” Moran said casually, seeming to vaguely assess the figure of his friend before turning his attention back to John. He had a greasy smile on his lips that John found himself even closer to wanting to punch than before. “I know about your faun.”
“What does it matter?” John laughed. He gave Sherlock an affectionate bump with his shoulder. “It’s not like we can just turn up and one will appear right in front of us. Even Hackney doesn’t work that way.”
“Look,” he continued, pulling away slightly. “I know both of you think I’ve done something awful and made a huge mistake, but I knew what I was doing and I’m glad I did it, so… just don’t, please.”
He grabbed a handful of cash from the till and ran.
me,” he repeated casually, trying to relax the situation. “As I said, you were high as a kite on the morphine, and being affectionate and self-revelatory, and you were upset that I wouldn’t let you act on intoxicated and uninhibited impulses. Though, in all fairness, you were yelling at the top of your lungs first, and I kissed you to shut you up. But the next four times were all you.”
would treat anyone else in the same situation that you’re in right now. I need you to hold yourself to the same standard of care that everyone else around here is getting. I need you to do that for me, John.”
“Where are we going?” he tried asking again, this time looking at this police officer.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned his face into the blankets, not sure he could deal with another six-year-old John. “Close your eyes, John.”
“Hey,” he scolded, and it instantly jumped away to bare its antlers at John again with some quiet clinks. John fought the urge to laugh at the stupidity of the situation. “Look. Bag, for you. Your things.”
“People? What people?” Sebastian pulled a card (John assumed it was ID) out of his pocket and held it up to the black sensor pad by the door.
“Yeah, the compartment, and there was a coach.” John trailed off, face scrunching up again. He cried a bit more. “It came in s-sideways. To her…” He sobbed and rubbed his eyes hard. “To her side. And I never saw her again.”
He heard Lestrade sigh on the other end. “I can’t let you.”
When John woke up the next day, Sherlock was gone and he felt like he’d been hit by a bus. He slammed the call button without even trying to roll onto his back, his entire chest in aching, splitting pain with every shallow breath he took. A minute later, a syringe of morphine was poked into his cannula and he relaxed. Breakfast came for him, and then some magazines, and then  he got sick of staring at his boring ceiling all the time. He took the card from his bedside table and went on an adventure to the canteen – and to a payphone.
“You’re so high right now,” he teased as he climbed onto the bed. Stick thin, he fit nice and snug between John and the railing that he clicked back into place. “You’re going to freak out later when you wake up and realise I’m right beside you.”
His father sighed. “Look, John.” His voice had gotten menacingly quiet. “You man up. You do what you want with your life. You get married, have kids, and treat ‘em better than you think I’ve treated you, but for the love of Christ, John,
“Were you licking me?” Now it was John’s turn to look at Fawnlock like he was doing something gross. Fawnlock didn’t understand. “You, lick me.” He stuck out his tongue and pointed at it. “Did you lick me?”
“Please,” Sherlock cried, thrusting harder still. “I’ll follow you. I… Yes.”
“Mycroft provided me with some funds when he allowed me back in,” Sherlock explained, pushing his hand further forwards. “I really do have to go back to school on Monday, though.”
“Okay, sir, I’m connecting you now.”
He trailed off as nothing moved, and sighed. He really hoped it wasn’t dead.
“I’m not making you look like a
“Okay, thank you. There’s a police car coming to you now. Once the scene is secure, an ambulance will arrive to see to you. Hang in there.”
John hesitated. He ticked
He stayed hovering around his mouth, eyes closed, even after his lips had left John’s. They grazed over his where he hovered, and they shared the hot air John breathed. After a moment, when he was fully satisfied that John was hanging onto his every movement, he pecked his lips again.
Finally! Wasn't going to post this chapter tonight, but I've had several amazing ideas for the sequel, so I had to. It might not get written for a while, but it will definitely get done as soon as I'm finished with the next fic I'm writing.
“If she’d been looking she could have driven away.” John stared at him, then, no hands to cover his face. His eyes were pink and shiny and his face was blotched with red. His lips wobbled with the sobs he was trying to hold in. “That’s why he does it, why he hates me. Because he loved her so much. And I took her because I was stupid.”
“Yes,” John said firmly. He stared at the ceiling for a second.
John ticked
“Where’s my dad?” John gasped. His voice was still muffled by Sherlock’s clothes. “My sister. Please.”
Don't tell anyone. JW
John shook his head. “No, it is. I know it is. Thank you.”
John was still reluctant to tell him. “I, um. I get the same thing around you, too, actually. Quite a lot.”
“I’m too old for a care home,” John muttered.
you do. You were feeling fragile earlier and I think my comforts influenced you in ways you otherwise wouldn’t have chosen to feel. I think I may have taken advantage of your emotional state.” Sherlock scratched his forehead hard, greatly troubled at these realisations. Had he really forced himself onto John without realising? “I’m sorry. Truly sorry.”
Sherlock lifted his hand from his pocket and pulled at John’s sleeve. John jumped, sniffed, but his hands weren’t gripped too tightly and the one Sherlock wanted fell away with the little tug. Sherlock slipped his hand around John’s cold one and held on tightly, eyes set dead ahead. He hoped his panic wasn’t too visible as John looked at him for a few seconds, clearly in shock. For a brief moment Sherlock was afraid he was going to snatch his hand away and step back, but then he swallowed, gave Sherlock’s hand a grateful squeeze, and lowered his head again.
“Yes, I do,” John muttered as he tried not to think about how close Sherlock’s head was to his groin, “and I know it’s true, which is exactly why I’m having second thoughts.”
After a moment of mutual gazing Sherlock returned to his mouth with enthusiasm, but his hands were focused down at John’s waistband, pushing and pulling with hands and then feet until he was left only in his underwear. John realised he’d been far too passive for most of the evening so far and as soon as he saw his partner thinking about rolling off and stripping his own trousers, he rolled them over and pushed them down himself. They landed an embarrassing distance across the room.
John pressed his ear to the crack next to his bedroom door. He didn’t bother trying the knob; he knew it’d be locked. That was what came with experience, he supposed. He no longer received any unpleasant surprises. There was a lot of unpleasant stuff on its own, to put it mildly, but it was bearable, because these days he always knew what was coming. His dad was finally running out of tricks. Sure, it meant that John was suffering more from the classics (his dad had to make up for his lack of creativity somehow, after all) but he didn’t care. Back in the day, the terror of not knowing what to say, or do, or how far it would go, had been the worst of all.
John rolled his eyes and frowned at her. “I’ll be fine. Besides, Sherlock’s coming with me, which means so’s Mycroft, which means so’s the whole British Army, probably. I think I’ll be okay.”
He’d have hung up, then, John thought. His dad was awfully single-minded when he had a goal to pursue, and it made him rude. He wouldn’t have awaited a reply.
"Yes," John said through gritted teeth.
John placed a cup of tea next to him. “Are you feeling okay, Sherlock? Does your chest hurt?”
It took them a long time to work up to three fingers. Sherlock was patient, going slowly and carefully and always stopping when John told him to. He hadn’t quite remembered where to find a prostate, so that had been a bit of an unexpected adventure for the both of them. Sherlock had first tried with just one finger, pushed it this way and that until John had pulled his hair a bit too hard at a particularly ungraceful jab, and then he’d decided to get himself a bit more room and try again.
John replied with nothing but a tremendously breathy cackle from behind his mask, starting quietly and slowly building up to deep, infectious giggles.
John stared at the biscuits. He tried to laugh. “Well, everybody needs custard creams. Thanks.”
Every day from then on, he found a packet of crisps in his bag at lunchtime. Every day from then on, he smiled at Sherlock when he found him staring. Every day from then on, school felt less like a booby-trapped swamp he had to crawl through and more like a safeplace.
“It’s not because of that,” he explained. “It’s because if you didn’t have a morphine drip in your arm, you wouldn’t be nearly as affectionate as you are right now, and it wouldn’t be fair to you to continue on like this. It can wait until you’re not drugged up. It’s not going to change things on my end.”
John thought for a moment as if he could actually afford a lawyer, before settling on: “My sister, please.”
Warm hands slid around Sherlock’s waist, and his grip on John’s wrists loosened to allow it. He stroked up John’s arms, experimenting, as the kiss deepened. John’s lips began to part, and the very tip of his tongue skimmed lightly across Sherlock’s bottom lip. There was no pressure there at all, none for him to open his mouth, too, but he did. He’d only ever done this two, maybe three times before but it felt like John was an expert, and he knew he was a fast learner.
“Yeah,” John groaned, the words muffled behind the mask, “you’re right, I don’t know what I was complaining about.”
“I didn’t say it had to be expensive,” Sherlock said, frowning. What a ridiculous assumption. “I simply like to eat in places that don’t make me look overdressed.”
Sherlock didn’t want to, not really, but he had to. The last time he’d come it had been in his sleep three weeks ago, and he didn’t remember a thing about it. Today John was with him, encouraging him, telling him to do it, and he couldn’t not. He rocked hard against John’s crotch and shuddered, groaning as he felt his cock twitch in its confines of stupid underwear and stupid trousers. He rocked a few more times, squeezing all he could, and then finished, panting, sprawled with limbs going every which way over John.
She nodded, returning his smile, and let him go. He kept his eyes on the floors all day, scouring them for spare pennies and pounds. He didn’t bring money to school, but he could at least buy a chocolate bar if he found fifty pence.
They walked like that for just a little while, Sherlock conducting John through backstreets and alleys and council housing estates, before he spotted a bunch of drunken kids whooping and prancing towards them from the other end of the road.
John jumped again at an enraged yap that tore from the creature’s throat. Sebastian simply licked his teeth behind his lips and continued.
Fine. JW
It was late afternoon when John started back for the bus stop. He was walking through the market square, now with people packing away their goods and tables, when he stopped. He wasn’t sure why he did. What was so appealing about vegetable seeds? He wasn’t a gardener. He didn’t know how to garden.
Sherlock bearing that thought in mind was the only reason they’d managed to survive the dinner as peacefully and quickly as they had. They’d only had one course, and then a coffee each, but, even with the fantastic service, it had still taken them two hours. Sherlock thanked the Gods that he hadn’t wanted a starter; it probably would have added an extra hour to their time, and he wanted to kiss John again. It had been all he could think about all through their meal.
"Dunno. He got a doctor to come here. Didn't look like a doctor to me, but... Mm, what do I know, huh? So he gets this doctor home with him one day and they're both a bit drunk and they..." He put his hands in the air and made a motion like pulling two magnets apart. "Plop. Done. Gone back in."
John glanced up at him, an eyebrow raised.
I know he's supposed to just have muddy feet, but... Yeah. I'm sorry. /shot
forget.”
He nodded, and wiped his face again. With a little smile, and the strangest feeling that things would maybe be alright, he replied, “You too, dad. See you.”
In advance, Richard Brook is only mentioned once. Don't want to get any hopes up. x3
“Mantelpiece,” Sherlock said. “Do you know him?”
“You still don’t really understand,” Sherlock said softly, closing his eyes and tucking his face into John’s shoulder.
John.
“It’s a damn accurate one, though,” Sherlock replied. John couldn’t deny that. “Alright. Don’t touch anything. You can drop your arms if you like. Go… that way.” He turned around and pointed down the road, back in the direction they’d come.
John lifted his bad hand to his head, but Sherlock caught it gently by the forearm and held it to his stomach.
John hardly needed to think about it. War veteran – that meant violent to the authorities, especially because he kept a gun. PTSD meant likelihood of psychotic episodes. No proof of where he was, because he lived in the middle of bloody nowhere. And, on top of all that, he was keeping a research scientist’s wet dream in his kitchen. He was a pathetically easy target to pin a murder on, really.
“I’ve got a pain in my chest,” Sherlock complained, patting the spot over his heart. “I don’t understand what it is. I get it all the time when I’m around you, it just… Every time you say things, it gets worse, it gets tighter, but then it loosens again, and I see you do something tiny or insignificant and it gets worse again. What’s that?”
“How you ran off and made me run off with you.” John smiled fondly down at the sheet. “Just mains, then. I might get a carbonara.”
He heard a slow crunch echo down the hall. What the hell
He found that the other side of the tree was only half as tall as the first side. Was it growing up a hill or something? John didn’t dwell on it as they kept walking. Fawnlock was getting faster and faster so they must have been close. When Fawnlock pulled John through a little gap in the thickets of bushes and bounded ahead, John stopped short in shock.
“And the number you’re calling from?”
He should have suspected that he’d have a nightmare.
“You’re tired,” Sherlock told him. “Go to sleep.”
“You’re a liar,” he said quietly. Suddenly he looked a lot less docile. Suddenly he looked like a
Kidnapping.
He started feeling down the man’s limbs, distinctly avoiding any contact within a ten-inch radius of the groin area. Nothing felt broken, with was a good sign. There were a few things niggling at the back of John’s mind about this man, and a few things that were a bit strange about him, but John didn’t want to pay attention to those. He needed this; he needed
His father went quiet for a second. “You’re barking mad,” he muttered. “And there’s no way I’m going to prison for premeditated murder. Clever, but I’m not gonna do it.”
John locked that trail of thought in a safe and changed direction to the part of the feeling that saw those brilliantly decorated antlers as a crown. He got the strangest feeling he was looking at royalty.
John’s head snapped around, hearing his name as soon as he walked in – and it hadn’t come from Sherlock’s mouth. “Did you hear that?”
John looked up and Sherlock felt his heart shatter. He’d dropped the pathetic excuse of a smile and there was some sort of raw emotion on his face. He couldn’t tell what it was – the best he could do was identify that it was sad. Well, he might not have been able to understand, but he could certainly fix that nonetheless. He took John’s glass and put it next to his on the table. Then, slowly enough that John could protest if he wanted to, he turned around in his seat and faced him.
“Park,” Sherlock answered. He took a sip of his mocha.
There was a frustrated huff down the line. “You can’t even think for yourself!” his father cried. “How am I supposed to believe you can bulk up and join the army when you can’t even
. “For God’s sake, Watson, it’s my real name. Those twats think I’m Tim Foster. Happy? Can I unlock you now?”
"And?" Sherlock prompted, turning onto his side to face John.
“Where are we going?” John said suddenly, and Sherlock jumped out of his reveries.
“That was before you started having breathing problems,” he reasoned. “It’s possible that swelling has gone down and things have shifted, or that yelling dislodged something. That’s why why they need more x-rays.” Sherlock pressed another kiss to John’s forehead. This whole pretend-boyfriends thing was working out well for him so far. “Shall I go and find Harry, or do you want me to come with you?”
John ended up answering “No” to every single question. When he moved onto the last paper, he had to refrain from rolling his eyes. This one seemed to be centred on panic attacks and his history with anxiety disorders. He’d have answered “No” to all of those, too, if it hadn’t been for his mishap earlier. Oh, and his haunting military past.
“Who’s this?” he asked, brushing the dust of the little thing and bringing it over for John to see.
Fawnlock shook his head. “I don’t know,” he tried, repeating from the card John had written. John smiled at him in return and pulled open the door to the empty fridge. He stared for a moment.
The suited man hurried straight to the judge’s side and handed her a post-it note.
“Shut up, John, Hackney’s got some of the highest crime rates in London. It shouldn’t take too long for us to find someone – or have someone find us.” Sherlock saw John instinctively check where his wallet was. “Actually, I saw recently that Westminster actually has, by far, the highest rate of crimes per thousand people. You’re perfectly safe.”
John sighed and sat back. So this thing couldn’t talk. It had the same mouth, but probably some different vocal cords. That neck did seem too slender for a human. He let his eyes slide closed and tried his best not to feel too lonely or insane.
He bought them anyway. They were only a pound for the two packs and he had change to spare.
God. This was such a mess.
One day, months after his starvation incident (his dad had since only banned him from one meal a week, if ever), he came to school with the most obvious bruise he'd ever dared let anyone see. His whole cheek was pink from a smack that morning – he thought he did deserve that one a little bit for forgetting to lock up before everyone had gone to bed the night previous – and he was sporting a bit of a black eye. Sherlock appeared next to him in their registration period when John finally lifted his face from his arms.
“Please,” John said, his features softening. Just for a second, Sherlock caught a glimpse of the hopeless shell of a man he’d seen at the service earlier and his heart gave that same yearning clench in his chest.
“Hee-yoo-mang,” it said slowly. “Heeyoomang.”
John smiled broadly. “Yes.”
“Have you?”
“That’s it, eyes on me. Keep them open. Are you with me, John? John?”
“God,” John groaned, squeezing tight around Sherlock. Sherlock gasped. “God, that’s… Shit.”
“I might,” Sherlock reminded him. He paused. “Have you done this before?”
John laughed again, and Sherlock thought he’d never get sick of that sneaky little giggle he did when he thought he shouldn’t laugh.
Harry couldn’t speak. John had flopped back against the bed and turned so he had his back to both of them. His hands, one finally snatched from Sherlock’s, were wrapped around his middle, desperately trying to hold his ribcage together as his breathing sped up and started crackling wildly. She’d seen him upset before, certainly, but this was beyond anything she’d ever experienced. She could’ve taken care of herself, she wanted to say, but, for once, the words wouldn’t come out of her mouth. It made her sick with guilt to think that John had put himself through hell because he’d thought he was protecting her.
"What happened to your shoulder?"
She gave him a tight smile and walked out. John glanced back at Sherlock, who was still staring at him intently.
Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t know what you like. Get a normal one.”
Sherlock left his house immediately, a pen, pencil, and ruler in his coat pocket. He got the bus to John’s, fingers clenched around his phone the whole way there, but it didn’t go off once. He hoped it was because John didn’t need him and not because he couldn’t get to his phone. When he arrived he made a quick decision to go in through the window again instead of knocking on the front door, and he climbed over the gate and up the drainpipes until he was propped outside John’s window. He peeked over the windowsill to get a look in through the blinds, and it was just John, no burly father in sight. Just John, lying face-down on the floor with his hair blood-soaked and his hand bent the wrong way.
John smacked him on the arm. “Shut up, all you did was try and get me killed.”
“Watson,” Sebastian barked, entirely unamused by John’s sudden stop. He cocked a mocking eyebrow at him when his head snapped up in shock. “Get up and follow me. Don’t make me shoot you, alright? It’ll just be a fucking bugger to clean up.”
By the time they arrived, John had had the mask and blanket taken away. They’d kept the pulse oximeter on, but that came off once the ambulance slowed down, too. The handcuffs were replaced on his own wrists at his back for his walk off the vehicle and into the station, where he was taken to a holding cell to wait. He was waiting for a long time.
“Besides,” John continued, “I’d rather that than this.” He couldn’t have stopped the words coming out as he gestured down at his battered body. “Honestly, Harry, getting
He watched as the thing gingerly picked up the bag and then looked at its collection. He could see it puzzling for a moment, and then it seemed to realise what a bag was. It kept John’s jumper in the bottom and loaded up the bag with its own things, John watching with a sad smile. Now it could take everything at once. It wouldn’t need a return trip.
Everything had gone. Well, not everything – Fawnlock had found the kindness in his heart to leave the inedible parts of the foods in there, such as the bruised areas and plastic packaging of the vegetables. On any other day, John would have been annoyed. Or, at least, asked what the hell Fawnlock had done with the raw meat that had been in there. Today he didn’t care.
He sighed and flopped back against his seat.
crawling its way up her face, but he was interested to let her say her piece.
“These main courses look too big,” Sherlock commented, “so no. What were you thinking about?”
“You mean like on a date?” John teased, putting his hands on Sherlock’s knees.
“John?” Sherlock said clearly, and Harry blinked herself back to reality. Sherlock seemed to have every idea of what was happening, and he hit the call button for the nurses and pushed John onto his back, tilting his head up to clear his airways. “Get out of here, Harry.”
“Yes,” John moaned as Sherlock accidentally rocked against just the right place. “Yes, I… Keep going.”
John couldn’t bring himself to say anything, but his blush and his excitable smile made his thoughts quite clear. The worst part was Sherlock couldn’t even deny it. Well, not very well.
“Yes, my office. Got a problem with that?” He kicked John’s door shut and locked the car.
“Mm, what are you making?” Sherlock responded. He ran his hands through his hair, organising the curls and smoothing them down a bit. John noticed and smiled faintly. One day, he’d get to do that.
, and a curiosity he had that was proving ever more intriguing and pleasant to satisfy.
It was a long walk, far deeper into the forest than John had ever gone before. They spent it in relative silence, with Fawnlock occasionally pointing out something that seemed incredibly exciting to him that John didn’t really understand – he tried to look enthused anyway. Eventually they came to a halt at the foot of an oddly-shaped tree trunk. Fawnlock began to climb.
Sherlock grunted. Once they were safely hidden in the cab, he reached across the seat, eyes set dead ahead, and took John’s hand again.
“It’s—”
The nurse nodded and stepped out. Sherlock turned to John. “Do you remember what happened?”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, looking him over. John nodded again, smiling slightly. “What did you actually say to him?”
shout again.” On one hand, it was a bargaining chip. A mechanism of control that he could brush off later as such, if need be. On the other hand, it was
"You don't need anyone," John said accusingly.
John nodded, not really fully understanding what any of it meant but in the habit of agreeing with things anyway.
“Just tell me,” John snapped. He dug his fingernails into his palms in an attempt to remain calm, because his shoulder really couldn’t take another squeeze that hard.
He smiled to himself and sent a reply to his sister, assuring her that he was doing okay and that he’d call her that night if he got time. He’d only just sent his reply when the kettle finished, and he made his coffee and got back to the sofa to check his second new message, this one from Greg Lestrade.
When John looked up at him with that big, goofy grin, not a word on his lips, Sherlock followed through on his promise – after unhooking the oxygen mask from around John’s head, despite his wispy breathing. He bent down again and brushed his lips over John’s once more, a lot more cautiously this time. After all, unlike John, it was only his second kiss ever.
John thought.
It wasn’t. John didn’t find it the least bit ‘okay’. The whole way through, he was light-headed from his wracked breathing and blind from the onslaught of tears that the pain brought with it. The procedure was neither short nor relieving, as he still couldn’t breathe even after they’d all pronounced him fit and left. He couldn’t handle it.
“Sleep?!” John shrieked, mocking outrage. It seemed that his voice was stuck on the ‘shout’ setting as he continued, cackling. “I’m not sleep, I had sleep! Why’s it so dark? It’s been sleep already. Lights on! Put all them on so they can see!”
“Everything alright?” he asked, fetching a few cardboard bowls and leaving them on the bedside table.
John grunted again.
my bloody size, and, in case you’re forgetting this, too, I had a sister to think about. Do you know how many times he’s threatened to take your university funding away and drag you back home if I didn’t do this, or do that? He let you go because I let him beat
A low, purring growl rumbled through their company’s barely-fuzzed chest, and John jumped. He swallowed, tearing his eyes from the clawed fingers and clenching his own into fists to stop them from shaking. His jaw tightened as he turned to Moran again, gaze still locked instinctively on the wolf-man, who couldn’t seem to stop staring at him like he was making some cracking prey.
“Hello, John,” he said, pulling up a chair. The nurse pointed out the call button and closed the door behind her. “How are you feeling?”
“Tell someone,” Sherlock said firmly.
, already. I don’t need you sitting there and telling me how much of a wimp I am, because, believe it or not, it’s actually
Dark ones over his shoulders, that looked like little suns with the triangles pointing outwards from them, a few bands down his forearms. Dark ones over his fingers with a spot over each knuckle, dark ones over his feet and ankles that faded back into light tawny halfway up his calves. John traced two fingers over the transition and realised it was skin, just a bit fuzzier. It was soft. He had to resist the urge to start stroking whatever this thing was.
“I have no idea.” John shrugged. He laughed softly and the boy under him started struggling, so he pushed his arms further up his back as he continued. “I genuinely didn’t say anything. I think it must have been one of these two.”
“I don’t get crushes, John, don’t be ridiculous.” He almost spat the words. Then he paused. “A crush on whom?”
Sherlock looked haggard. His hair was a mess, and there was blood all over him – though Mycroft could tell immediately that it wasn’t his. He frowned and slid into the warm chair that the officer had vacated.
“She’s here,” Sherlock eased. Or, at least, she couldn’t have gone far. “I’ll tell her. Listen, they’re taking you for some x-rays. They’re just going to make sure nothing’s happened.”
“John, this is Greg Lestrade. Are you alright?”
“I should have done something sooner,” Sherlock said quietly. For once, he turned into Mycroft’s embrace instead of away from it, tucking his face into his chest and hiding in the enveloping warmth. “It should never have gotten this far.”
“Um… hold on, I need to see.”
He blindly put out a hand and patted around the coffee table until he managed to find his mug. His tea was just reaching the unpleasant side of lukewarm, so he drank down the last third in three big gulps and returned it to the table. John would, hopefully, see the empty mug and offer him a refill. He usually did, anyway.
“Well, it was you, wasn’t it? All along.”
“And you?”
“Are we not getting a cab at all?” he asked, frowning.
I’m staying right here, I’m going to see my brother. You have no idea what you’re talking about.” She tried to push past him, and he grabbed both of her arms this time and began pushing her out, the second lady helping as the first took up his original place by the door. “Hey, wait, what the hell? This is horseshit! John!”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what John was asking him to do. He let him go and gave him some space, all the while keeping his hand on his head and stroking his hair. “You’re okay, John,” he said firmly. Lestrade had come to sit with him and keep an eye on the proceedings. “It’s me, Sherlock. You’re with me. Take deep breaths.”
“What d’you mean,
held far too close to his face. John was due downstairs any minute (he’d made sure of that with the volume at which he’d made his tea) and he really wanted to know how this lady had managed to figure out that she had a secret twin when she didn’t know about the noses in those photographs. John laughed at him for reading women’s gossip magazines but they really did give a fantastically detailed insight into how the minds of normal people ticked. He found it helped him to know how much to expect from John, because, from his experience, John was rather like a gossiping woman in his deductive skills – not that he’d ever tell him that.
You think Sherlock would let me go on my own? JW
He jumped and his eyes widened. He squirmed uselessly, trying to get away, and then shrieked and curled up at the pain flaring in his middle.
John went slowly, just kissing against Fawnlock’s mouth. When he finally started to join in, John started moving a little more, making things a bit more exciting but still keeping it soft and slow and sinfully romantic.
John had to think. It was a week earlier, near enough. “I was at home. It was raining, and I was trying to fix my TV.”
What sort of soldier would he be if he surrendered?
“He told me where he kept his most precious things. If something happens to a soldier, his belongings get sent to his next of kin, meaning parents, siblings, children, whoever’s in his file.” John stirred the teabags slowly. “But he wanted a few things to go to his girlfriend, so he kept them hidden away where nobody would find them and send them to the wrong place. He told me to send the box to an address in Cornwall, but I had a look through after he’d gone and… And I wanted to remember him.” John glanced up, eyebrows raised. “He was a good friend. My last good friend, as it happened.”
“But why?” Harry pressed. She knew John wouldn’t be happy with what she was about to say, but these were the facts, and he had to accept them. “I just can’t figure out what answer you were looking for that he hadn’t already given you. Our dad’s a sorry drunk who’s never gotten over the fact that bad things happen in life. It’s as simple as that.”
“Harry!” John sat up, and was immediately caught in another crushing bear hug from Harry with barely enough time to lower his mask again. By the time she let go, Sherlock was sat up and rubbing his eyes. John glanced at him, flushing bright pink at being caught sharing a bed with another boy. He worked quickly to fill the room with conversation. “Where are you staying?”
“I don’t understand. He’s hurting you, John.” Sherlock dropped his cheek to the top of John’s head. “Why do you want to stay here?”
dumping
John felt almost as if he was seeing the room for the first time. It was dark outside, but Sherlock didn’t put the main light on. Instead he held John’s hand over the bed until he took the hint and sat down, and then he put on one of the bedside lamps. It was nice, this lighting. Soft. All the sharp edges and dead animals looked much less threatening with the warm yellow light curving their edges and bringing life to their colours.
“Somewhere quiet,” Sherlock answered, “and that serves pasta.”
The more he tried to steer his thoughts from the worst case scenarios, the more his thoughts just went in a full circle, always right back to Fawnlock. John supposed (hoped) that he was just as scared for John, but that he was at least planning on staying the night. He deserved somewhere to stay, John thought.
He was only halfway deep in John at that point, but it was enough for both of them. John moaned afresh every few thrusts, as Sherlock, having identified the magic spot, was careful not to abuse it too much. He knew things like that, recognised which places John liked and how, exactly, to get to them, so it was no difficulty for him to thrust up once and then straight a few times and then up once more. He went slowly, pressing kisses along John’s chest and up his neck and over his face and anywhere he could reach. He only just managed to stop himself from saying ‘thank you’.
“Down to radiology,” someone called, and the bed started moving before Sherlock realised what was happening.
“They need doctors in the army! Do what you want, John, if it’ll make you any less of a baby about it. Grow up!”
Or evenings like tonight’s.
John took his time again, making sure to study each one in turn, but eventually shook his head. “No.”
“I wasn’t well.”
He sighed and stepped back over to Fawnlock, patting his arm and smiling sweetly. “Never mind. Nothing. Come on, let’s go back. Show me your place. Your home.” John gestured back towards the shelter.
“How?”
“No,” John said firmly, his shock turning into firm defiance. “Absolutely not. I make my own decisions, Sherlock, I’m a big boy. I can handle myself and I know I want to be with you.”
That time, he got a growl.
“Harry!” John appeared in the doorway of his room, leaning heavily on a boy she’d never seen before. “Oh my God, leave her alone! Let her through. Please. I want her here, that’s my sister.”
Perhaps things might liven up after all. His little friend had come back.
John shook his head with a goofy smile. “Nope,” he chuckled, “but I didn’t need to. It’s okay.”
“You’re tired,” John retaliated accusingly. Then, immediately, he closed his eyes, defeated. “Okay.”
Gingerly, he pulled his mask down and tapped Sherlock on the shoulder. “Phone password,” he whispered gently.
John thought his hands looked too empty, or something was missing. Something about him looked off. He wasn’t sure why.
“Can I have a blanket, please?” John asked, forcing his voice steady. He heard chair legs scrape the floor. Footsteps, keys, a lock, some faint rustling, a latch. The officer appeared with a worn blanket that John guessed might have been blue once upon a time. He accepted it from between the bars and tried to get comfortable again, but he stood no chance of falling asleep after all the disruptions.
“Welcome.” The officer returned to his desk. John thought he must have been one of the nice ones.
John thought for a moment, and then tapped ‘j-o-h-n’ into the phone and watched the screen give way. He smiled at Sherlock, but another line of drool was already making its way onto the pillow. Well, he supposed it was good that he’d gone back to sleep. John put Harry’s number into the phone and sent her a clumsy text, the mask abandoned under his chin.
“Red.”
“Right,” Harry muttered, staring at Sherlock. “Yeah, okay. Look, to be honest, I don’t care. I want to know how you are, and what happened.”
“Yet again, John, that’s exactly what I was suggesting,” Sherlock pressed, pushing John’s hands from his knees so he could stand up. “I need to change.”
“Stop your fussing.” Sherlock stood up, had a look, and then changed his mind. “I’ll be right behind you.”
John chuckled under his breath at Sherlock’s sigh. “Just for dinner, thanks.”
Sherlock stared at John, his mouth open. He let him cry for a few minutes, handing him another tissue. “John,” he said eventually. “That’s not your fault.”
“That’s it, Johnny,” Seb smirked, catching his eye in the mirror. “We’re going all the way across London. Might be smart to rest your eyes, because if I’m being honest… You look like you haven’t slept in weeks.”
Around the corner from where the cars, with their headache-inducing lights and wince-worthy sirens, were pulling away, Sherlock turned back to John, eyes bright.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s shoulder and pushed gently, his face tensing sadly. “And you are drugged to the gills and not meaning a thing you’re saying. I’m not going to take advantage of you, John.”
John was overwhelmed by a multitude of thoughts and feelings.
He turned around so they could handcuff him as they reeled off his rights, and caught a glimpse of Fawnlock staring with wide eyes from the doorway of his bedroom. John shook his head minutely, and he disappeared. He could only hope the faun had gotten the right idea and was at least planning to escape out of the window, because before he got another chance to check, he was turned around and walked back towards a waiting police car.
“Fine,” he said. His voice was steadier than it had been since he’d walked in. “Yes. Fine.”
Fawnlock was beautiful.
John tried to make it obvious he was there, and not make it look like he was sneaking up. He deliberately scuffed the doorway with the shoulder of his coat and tried to make his footsteps heavier, indeed stepping on the floorboard, but slowly. He couldn’t hear anything change, but perhaps he wasn’t close enough.
, John, but all he got from Sherlock was a grunt of acknowledgement. He watched him to make sure he’d heard correctly, and Sherlock did indeed put down the stack of plates he was holding and slink off to his room. John raised his eyebrows, sat back, and took a sip of his tea to keep himself grounded. If this was the only day of the year he was going to get even slightly tip-toed around by Sherlock Holmes, he was bloody well going to enjoy it.
John’s raspy breathing stuttered, and he jerked upright, coughing and choking spots of blood into his hands and over the bedsheets. Sherlock pushed him back down, but Harry was shocked into inaction, barely moving a muscle until the team of nurses came in and bodily moved her outside. John was still panicking on the bed, hardly able to breathe despite the oxygen mask now covering his face, and clutching desperately at Sherlock as a young male nurse tried to pull him away.
John shook his head firmly. He pulled at his collar, hot all over. “No. Don’t leave me. Please, please don’t leave me on my own.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows twitched. “Are you certain?”
“No.”
“Please,” John said. He could feel hot tears pricking his eyes and he sniffed hard. “Please, I really need to talk to him. I’ll just keep ringing if you don’t let me.”
John laid down properly, Sherlock’s hands pulled to rest under his cheek as he closed his eyes. He felt the tears roll down his temple and settle into the gaps between Sherlock’s fingers. With intentions focused around returning the oxygen mask to John’s face, Sherlock went down with him, lying to face him and make sure that he was alright. Only once John was sure he could speak properly and not sound too pathetic did he open his mouth.
“Oh, Jesus,” he breathed, grinning. “Where the hell did you find this?”
Harriet was fuming. “Escort me out, my fucking
John decided to check for a pulse first, as was the sensible thing. He took the torch in his right hand and used his left to place two fingers under the man’s jaw. It was difficult to focus on any little twitches under his fingers with the rain tapping his hand in a dozen places at once but he was nothing if not practiced at doctoring in difficult circumstances.
He had to slow to a walk halfway to his cottage, because no man could run that far, but he found another burst of energy when he saw the little nook in the side of the road where the footpath was. He started running again, lungs burning. He ignored them as he sprinted up to the house – lights off, but it was just turning evening, it was okay – and pounded on the door.
John shook his head as he lay back, once again pulling the mask down to rest under his chin. “Where are we going? There was a police station in that town ages back.”
“How did you get in?” Lestrade frowned at him.
He swallowed. The more he looked, the worse it seemed to get. “I, um, I mean… I don’t know. Yeah. There’s blood. He’s bleeding, from his head. His hand looks… something’s broken.” He swallowed again. “Um.” He cleared his throat. “I don’t know. He’s just in his room. He’s not moving.”
“Oh, sure, now you think I’m smart enough,” John muttered as Sherlock pushed his head down. Hands started running through his hair, neatening it up and smoothing it down.
John thought, out of absolutely nowhere and so suddenly and powerfully that he outwardly flinched – Sherlock noticed, but didn’t say anything) whereas John looked… well, John looked normal. He knew he did. He didn’t mind in the least, either; after all, he wasn’t ugly, and it meant he got to enjoy the looks of surprise he got when he had the rare chance to show off his hidden strength, whether that was by tackling a six foot kidnapper or a friendly arm wrestle at the pub.
“Then it’s good we didn’t.”
Sherlock sighed, shaking his head. “The police will be here soon. I told them we were just walking and they jumped you.”
. John flinched.
John stared. It didn’t look too difficult, but he hadn’t climbed a tree in years.
,” John demonstrated, pulling his lips as far apart as they’d go so it could see his tongue. He started as it dropped to its knees and crawled right up to him, levelling its eyes with his mouth. John felt his heart hammer in his chest, not even noticing the horn about to poke his eye out. “
John almost interrupted him in his eagerness to say, “Don’t worry about it, Sherlock. Please. I don’t mind. It was just… funny.”
Firstly, John tried to teach his company how to read and write. He provided flash cards so he could learn English, and once he had all the resources, the faun was happier to be left to his devices and teach himself. Unfortunately, he learnt his name wrong and refused to admit it, so John had had to change his name to Fawnlock. He couldn’t find it in himself to be annoyed. He found it painfully adorable every time Fawnlock got the wrong end of the stick.
“Yes.”
“You hurt your head. Do you remember?” John smiled encouragingly. When he got no response, he pat the back of his own head in a more direct gesture. “Can I see?”
“Where?”
Major thanks to
“No, John,” Sherlock groaned, shaking his head and dropping his chin to his chest. “Lord, have mercy. I meant I thought… I thought
“A faun,” John repeated, swallowing again. He tried a little smile, a little laugh. He hoped it didn’t sound as forced and nervous as he thought it sounded. “As in, um. As in a baby deer?” He laughed again. “Look, mate, I know what they say about country bumpkins, but—”
“Can I speak to DI Lestrade, please?” John said quietly, hiding against a pillar in the food hall. No doubt the nurses would have a fit if they found him walking around on his almost-fractured ankle. “It’s John. John Watson.”
John, his head hung in exhaustion and his hands gripping the mask tight to his face, didn’t think he could take much more of this. He’d always been independent – well, maybe not always, but certainly for the last couple of years – and, before he knew it, everything he had had been taken away from him. He was walking on glass, just waiting for it to crack. It would crack. He knew it would crack. The waiting, however, was exhausting.
This time, John shook his head. “People don’t think that. I can’t… think things, like you can.”
As it turned out, it was very easy to make John look utterly defenceless. All Sherlock did was unzip his jacket and straighten him up a bit.
John felt like he was about to pass out again. It was a slightly blurred photo of a hooded someone poised to kick a figure curled up on the floor. The second picture was a close-up of the attacker’s face.
“I was just going to make a sandwich,” he said, “but I don’t mind making something else for you.”
“Running shoes,” Sherlock answered, scooping his pile back up again and carrying it through to his bedroom. “We’re going to hackney.”
“I have no idea,” John said, shrugging. “I guess so. It was dark by seven yesterday.”
Thank you so much for all the comments, kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, anything else I've missed. You've been lovely and given me some great ideas.
“Hush, relax, it’s okay,” John cooed, sitting forwards. “Hungry. I need food. Stay here. Please, stay here.”
After a week of staying and sniffing out everything in John’s cottage and struggles with failing to get Fawnlock to sleep in his own bed – John had needed several extra trips to the vegetable stalls of the market and he suspected the latter was because of Fawnlock’s insatiable hunger for heat – Fawnlock seemed to have decided that it was time to take John to where he lived.
He offered his glass to Sherlock, who frowned and took up his own instead. “It’s just their house red,” he answered. He took a sip and forced it down. “Oh, wow.” He shuddered. “Did your sister not say anything about the wine?”
“You’re remembering the first time we did this,” Sherlock deduced easily, turning back after orderin the wine. He passed John a menu.
point,” he muttered proudly, but his eyes were focused on the blanket he was fiddling with. He cleared his throat again. “He told me I wasn’t smart enough, and that it would be silly of people to put their lives in my hands.” Could they really blame him for putting it mildly, here? “He started…”
“A minute,” he said softly, and Sherlock could feel him relaxing bit by bit. “Just… Been a while since—you know.”
“S’fine,” he replied, kissing Sherlock’s head. He started rolling his hips up to meet the enthusiastic ones on top. “It’s okay. Go on, I want you to.”
John nodded slowly, too ill to argue.
John, what’s happening? SH
First of all, he had antlers. Huge ones, that John was sad it was too late to put Christmas lights on, with sharp ends that he had no doubt could blind him purely by accident. As his gaze swept down over the body a lot more things became clear, including his realisation that this thing wasn’t actually all that muddy. The dark patches seemed to actually be markings.
He was sick. Absolutely sick.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, one hand in his hair and the other on his lower back, encouraging his hips. “Are you—”
Sherlock materialised behind him as soon as he was finished, and, after giving John a second to jump and curse under his breath, he stepped past and pulled the door open to lead the way downstairs. John, jacket zipped all the way up and hands shoved deep into pockets, still shivered gently when the door opened and a draft of freezing cold November air wafted directly into their faces. No matter how many times he was greeted with that same winter chill he never quite seemed to get used to it.
John shook that off, too. Fawnlock’s face was beginning to fall. He’d obviously put all of this on for John, and was expecting
“It’s much better than the stuff you read in the papers,” Sherlock commented easily. John had stopped off in the kitchen to fill the kettle but, sadly, only gotten out one mug. “I’ll have a cup, too, please.”
To damn Mr Hart, who was the reason his door was locked all through Friday night until Saturday morning.
After a few minutes of the slow, comfortable rhythm they’d set up between them, John’s hand fell from where they’d been clutching Sherlock’s back and dipped between them. Sherlock wondered for moment what he was doing, but John’s expression told him everything in the way the crease between his eyebrows softened slightly and he moaned again. And how he could feel him clenching around his cock. And, of course, the way his arm kept moving. Sherlock’s cock was fucking him slowly and deeply and John was… John was wanking.
“Besides,” John said quietly, “we’re going to university next year. I’m getting out. It just takes patience.”
“You want me to check those?” John asked quietly, tapping Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock groaned an obvious negative.
“What did you
After a second of thoughtful humming, Sherlock decided, “He reads your blog.”
John grinned and passed Sherlock his coat and scarf. “I think so, too,” he said, pulling his coat on. This time he was going to make sure he was completely zipped up before he ventured outside – especially now that it was getting dark. “What’s the actual plan, then? Have you had a tip-off?”
“You can’t change him, John,” Sherlock murmured, “and I don’t want you to wear yourself out trying when you need to be taking care of yourself.”
John paused. “No,” he decided, wiping his eyes. “I just… I wanted to say, you could plead guilty. I mean, they… they sometimes, you know, reduce the sentences. If you plead guilty. You wanna do that?”
