The box is halfway under his bed, so he pulls it out. Dean crouches down beside him, close enough that Cas can feel the heat coming off Dean through his clothes.
UPDATED 29 JULY 2014
Castiel sits in his usual seat in Shop, waiting patiently for Dean to arrive. He doesn’t expect much from the boy, honestly. But three days and little less than a head nod is leaving a scooping hole in the middle of Cas’ chest. Especially with how close they had been over the weekend, the space between them now feels like ice.
“Certainly.
Sam thinks, a cool wind lapping at his neck. He looks up at the sun, swinging low in the middle of the sky, wishing it would give off just a little more warmth. Some white noise from the city floats up to them, honking cars and rush-hour traffic jams.
He decides, so he plunges down into the book.
"And that's another thing!" Jess starts, but Sam puts a hand on her arm.
Dean isn't a morning person, yet he somehow finds himself awake before the sun, a few stray stars still blinking in through the open window. Through the fog of sleep, he hears his name being called from the kitchen down the hall, by a voice that's always far too energized for such an ungodly hour of the morning.
“Seriously?” Dean's lip curls.
He manages a
"Yeah, I know. I really liked this part, here. It was right after the kid's funeral, you know--" Dean clears his throat. "
And then they're standing outside Castiel's Physics classroom. A few kids push their way past them to get inside, even though they have a minute before the late bell. Dean's hands are jammed into his pockets. Both boys look at each other, before Dean checks his watch and takes a few steps back.
"It's a tradition, I swear!" He defends. Dean laughs lightly.
Castiel strolls over to the sitting room, unfortunately named as neither him nor his mother ever actually sit in it. The shades on the windows are rolled up, letting whatever light there is left outside to stream in. An old rocking chair and a hideously floral armchair sit across from one another in the center of the room, separated by a small table. There's a chess board set up on the table, none of the pieces yet moved.
“Yes, that’d be very helpful,” She says. She peers out at the garden with a faraway look, her brows furrowing. She wets her lips, “If I’m not mistaken, Castiel kept a, uh, a binder of sorts, about Eden.” She shifts off her elbows, away from Gabe, who follows her and nudges his head against her arm. She wanders into the foyer, to the bookshelf, and looks around for a minute before pulling out a red binder. She brings it back to the table and hands it to Dean. Dean flips through it, and nods.
Charlie laughs. “We have three hours, we’ll be fine.” She tosses a ball up in the air; Dean catches it with his mouth.
The wind rams against Cas' coat as he opens the door. Instead of letting it go like he normally would, Cas buttons his trenchcoat up to the top. The leaves are whipping around the ground, handfuls of dirt are tossed carelessly about by the wind.
“Yes,” She says after a moment of thought. She looks up at Dean, her sunken eyes meeting his. He knows she sees the grey bags under his eyes, the thin line of his mouth. But he sees the fading crease of her laugh lines, the purse of her lips. He blinks rapidly a few times.
”If he was scared, he never showed it. The only time I heard him discuss dying was when he talked of heaven.”
also, thoughts on the Frankenstein Metaphor? ;)
”Yeah. Here, lemme…” Dean gets his phone out. He has dozens of new texts, mostly from Cas, but he flips past them to find the poem Cas wrote a few weeks ago.
"What's weird?"
The gift is solid. He doesn't spend as much time unwrapping it as Castiel would have, he goes right in to tear the paper off. Beneath the paper is a painting, with Jess' signature in the corner: a tiny wooden cabin covered in snow. There are people out in the yard, that look suspiciously similar to their friends. Painting Jess and Painting Sam are wrapping a scarf around a snowman's neck, while Painting Brady and Painting Kevin are lining up snowballs to shoot at their heads. Jess' style is pretty non-detailed, and some places are lumpier with paint than others. But, still,
"I can't believe my mother sometimes," Kevin gripes as he sits down. He gives Mama Tran his usual four-finger wave as she leaves the parking lot; long before Sam came to town, Kevin lost his pinky finger in an accident. Sam never knew quite what happened, just that Kevin didn't like talking about his nub.
"We can do that." He agrees.
"Yeah, but at least we can talk to Jess now," Brady teases, eyes lighting up. Sam cocks an eyebrow at him. He holds up a hand: between his two fingers is Sam's phone.
“Okay,” His voice wavers, "Good.” The pause that follows is thick.
”Sure is, Mrs. Bradbury!” He calls back.
"Sure," he shrugs, and digs out his copy of Frankenstein. The front cover is bent back from him tossing it carelessly into his backpack. He tries half-heartedly to smooth it out before cracking it open.
“Dude.”
in his chest.
“So this is what you were fighting with John about?” Sam asks Dean.
"I know it's not the best, but..." She starts to say, but Sam stops her.
"Hey Cas," he looks at his friend, whose heart is pattering at how close Dean is standing. "Since we're both quitting, what do you say we have one last go?" It takes Castiel a second.
"No, Mother, thank you."
"You remember this was your idea, right?"
Castiel pauses to cough. He spits a wad of junk into a bush and makes a face.
. And
"Come on, Sam." Jess is laughing, helping him get his hand out. "That's no way to treat a lady! Didn't Jane Austen teach you anything?" He sticks his tongue out, finally getting his hand free.
He leans off the bed and there’s a zipper unzipping, some plastic shuffling, and Dean returning to Castiel. His mouth is pursed and a bead of sweat rolls down his chest. He studies the silver wrapper for a second, then glances at Castiel. Cas’ face heats. Dean tears the condom wrapper open and pulls out the yellow rubber. Cas shifts up to rest on his elbows, and Dean puts the condom on.
"I wasn't worried."
Sam's mouth fills with an acrid taste he can't seem to swallow.
“Let’s go inside,” Castiel offers. The hair on his arms stands up.
”You’re damn right I will.”
He was more
"Not much personal space in here, eh?" Dean comments. He makes a half-circle around Cas, rotating so Cas is the one closest to the door. Cas doesn't dare to breathe. Dean takes a step back towards the toilet, Cas leans forwards towards him without realizing it.
"You ain't done yet, Cas," Dean reminds him, "You still got one from me." He swipes his gift off the coffee table and hands it to Cas. Cas weighs it in his hand. Dean can feel his stomach clenching, his eyes fixed on Cas' face as he turns the gift over in his hand. Cas undoes the wrapping paper just as carefully as before, even though Dean just threw some tape on it at the last minute. Dean squeezes his fist in his lap.
Castiel is slinging his backpack over his shoulder when Sam comes back, his books tucked neatly into a plastic bag. With a nod to Dean, they head out.
"Me neither." Sam nods a little too enthusiastically. Jess giggles.
He hugs Jessica again and she starts to shake. He hugs her and he aches for the salty, medicine spice of Castiel. Jess clutches his shirt and he knows she aches, too.
Victor blinks slowly. Dean’s gut squeezes.
"What do you think?" Sam nods, reaching up to brush her hair. His fingers get tangled in her blonde mass of curls. "Crap."
"Yes, Mister Johnson, outside."
“You know, Dad would have a fit if we tried to keep it.” Dean reminds him, sniffling. Sam glares, but keeps on petting the fuzzy beast. Its contented purring seems to highlight the emptiness that springs up through the rest of the house. Sam notices it, too, bringing his lips tighter.
"You cannot move pawns backwards, it's against the rules." Cas explains. This is the second game he's played with Sam, the first time he beat Sam in five moves exactly.
. An idea strikes him.
The army man continues to point crookedly at the back window.
"Sorry I'm late," Dean grimaces, "My dad got home early and there was some shit I had to take care of."
He leaves his room, flicking the light off behind him. Out in the kitchen, heat is rolling off the furnace in waves. Sam wonders how the weather is in San Antonio; he hopes it’s warm enough for them.
Castiel sighs and plants his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
"Yes, we can."
"Since it's Christmas Eve, I was thinking we could do something Christmas-y today. Bake cookies, you know, things normal families do for the holiday."
"Mister Singer? Yes, for a time."
“Naw, we got off shift early so we walked over,” she explains. Sam nods. They say their goodbyes and then the brothers are left alone. There's a pause, then Gabriel meows from his cat bed. Dean rubs his eyes that are just beginning to sting.
Right, breathing. That should be happening about now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright,” He says, “Bring ‘er into the garage. I don’t want you getting electrocuted in the storm.” Bobby toes off his shoes and shirks his jacket tossing it over the couch. Dean nods, and goes out and parks the Impala in the garage. Soon after, rain pelts the roof. Bobby tells Dean he’ll be inside if Dean needs him. Dean wanders in a little while later for a small wrench, and sure enough, Bobby’s sitting at the desk in his living room, with his reading glasses on, squinting at a big old book. He points Dean in the direction of the toolbox sitting on the bottom shelf of the bookcase. When he asks if Dean needs anything else, Dean almost says no.
Cas straightens up, trying to tuck his shirt— also white but from a regular department store, deeper into the wide waistband of his pants. They had fit a handful of months ago when he bought them.
is on the Sunday after it. Sam wants to rip the calendar down. He fingers at the rosary around his neck, “Actually, could any of you make it here after school? You can take my bus, Mr. Delacroix won’t mind. Uh, bus 214.”
”Oh, this is one of
Dean finds himself in Geneva alongside Victor Frankenstein, meeting his comrade Henry, who has a passion for the heros and villains from the books he reads. It reminds Dean of Sammy. His chest pangs. He looks up at the clock behind him, grinding his teeth again. Half an hour until he can pick up the kid. Dean didn't notice he had stopped tapping his foot until he starts again.
Jess finishes her soup first, her spoon clattering down with a heavy sense of satisfaction.
After spitting out all that's gummed up the inside of his mouth, he goes back to his restricted breathing from earlier. When he regains control, he pulls out a fresh pair of jeans and a shirt from the wardrobe in the corner. He grabs his tan trenchcoat as well, running his fingers over the well-known creases. There's a stitch in the elbow that gets sewn up every couple months, and three words written in Sharpie along the neckline. It had been nearly three years since he walked away from the register. He felt at home immediately when the coat slid over his shoulders.
He hacks and coughs, spitting mouthfuls of mucus into the sink. His head swims. He inhales brokenly, choked by his loaded lungs. Another mouthful of mucus comes up. He coughs more, throaty. Once his hands stop shaking, he takes a long, slow puff of his inhaler. Every bone in his body aches.
He opens his mouth again.
"I hope," Castiel says, "That you'll be able to work on this project with me."
“Son?” She turns.
"Fuck," Dean curses. Sam's by his side a few moments later, helping pick up.
Dean whips around. He slams his fist on the kitchen table. Sam and Gabe are staring at him, wide-eyed. Dean gestures to the door.
The song continues, with several thunder cracks and the children shuffling inside, their mother scolding them but wrapping them tight in towels. They splash each other in the bath that follows, and splash, and splash, and screech again in laughter. The song ends with their mother looking at them fondly, as she drips bathwater from her brow.
Chapter warnings: alcohol, sensuality (kissing), conversation of terminal illness, mentions of animal death, mentions of parent death and parental abandonment
A pen sticks out from between his two pointer fingers. Most of the ink has been used up, leaving the plastic cartridge inside. He watches intently as he twirls it between his fingers. The clear plastic warps the view when he tries to look through it. He squints, then stops; getting a headache is not on his list of things to be done today.
he made from charcoal and a primordial fire.
In the kitchen, Sam is busied away with chopping lettuce and tossing it into a bowl. There's a mess of vegetables across the rest of the counter; Dean pops a tomato in his mouth, promptly spitting it back out.
"Bitch."
”Well,” Cas says, after a moment of thought, “Edward is very old, he may have picked it up along the way.”
Dean isn't sure if he thinks it or says it out loud. He's gripping the steering wheel, his heart pounding up in his throat. There's a moment of shocked silence, save for the music, that Dean glances over at Sam, who's staring wide-eyed at nothing. They turn to each other and explode in a fit of terrified laughter.
"Not the point, Samantha."
"I am going to be discharged on Thursday." Castiel figures it's best to start with the facts.
"Come on, guys, get out of the road," Kevin calls from over on the steps. Sam jogs back to his friend, starting to feel the cold settling into his bones.
”Your secret is safe with me.” Castiel feels a tingling of irony at the back of his head. Dean looks at the photo again.
"They don't call him Ice Burgh for nothing." Sam mutters to his friend as they head out the back door.
Castiel manages a groan.
“Language.” Dean clips. He drums the steering wheel with his hands, a bead of sweat sliding down his neck.
”Wow, Mom chaperoning dates, you’re really movin’ up there, kiddo.”
”Would you-- would you let me finish?” Dean asks, Cas can hear the fluster in his voice,
Castiel wonders if English is Ash's first language, because honestly, half the words that come out of his mouth sound foreign. Even to someone who knows a dozen or more languages fluently, he doesn't get what on Earth Ash is trying to say. The boy in question, sporting a rather distasteful mullet, is prattling off about a nature documentary he saw recently on moose. Dean and his friend Jo are paying rapt attention. Castiel, on the other hand, wonders how they keep up. The blonde girl, Jo, keeps looking over at him and smiling, as if to ask if he understands. Castiel tries not to look as lost as he actually is.
“Alright, alright. And it's Sam.”
”You certainly get to the point, don’t you?” Dean asks, smirking.
"You alright?" Dean asks.
”Nope, just the macaroni and burgers, sorry.” Dean’s sarcasm is sharp, and Cas picks it up easy.
He doesn't notice he's holding his breath, until his phones rings and he exhales heavily.
He slumps in his seat anyway. His chest feels heavy.
"After the fact." He answers, looking directly at Sam, "I was meaning to ask you, Sam, do you remember your mother?"
“I don’t like that guy,” Dean whispers.
”Bobby?” Dean asks. She nods, as if it’s silly for him to think there are any other choices. “Been looking for a job. No luck, yet.”
“But,” Leonard's voice cuts the chatter, “we'll be assigning your partners.”
Dean rubs his eyes and reads the message twice.
”I can seat myself, Dean.” Cas insists, looking indignant.
”My date?” Dean echoes, dumbfounded.
, he thinks. Sam is nearly head-butting him from behind to get into the car. Dean zips his jacket up another inch.
Also, safe sex is important! So I made sure to include explicit consent and condoms.
Dean’s back twinges. But there are a couple of elves still nearby, so he fights on.
“Mother…” Cas says. He doesn’t finish his thought.
Dean, on the other hand, chokes and spit, barely finishing his glass before retching over the sink. He slams his shot glass back down on the counter, white-knuckled and shaking.
gggay lmao
Dean stiffens.
“Yeah. Does your mom need any more help?” Sam asks, with a brightness he hadn’t had before.
"Balls!" Bobby curses. Dean doesn't hear him, though, he's too busy trying to get the dog's big, pink tongue off of his face. Rummy smells like rot and wet dog. Dean nearly gags.
The word stares back.
The warm steam of his cocoa curls up to the ceiling. His chest feels tight, as if a large part of himself has been thrown far away and he can't bring himself to go and find it. He tries not to think about his mother, now probably standing alone in the kitchen with a cold mug of cocoa. Instead, he fixes his gaze on his desk: the surface is littered with empty sheets of paper, and more than a dozen blue pens. The blank white sheets stare at him mockingly, he stares right back.
and stares at the page.
“Awesome. You meet me at the car before the buses leave?”
Sam toils around in the kitchen for a while longer before bringing out a couple of menus. They’re made of carefully crafted construction paper, with Cafe di Winchester at the top, in Jess’ looping handwriting. There are small hearts next to each course. Granted, there are only three items on the menu, two main courses and a dessert. But that’s more hearts than Dean’s ready to see.
Sam smiles for the first time all day. Jess is still so
Castiel coughs another mouthful into the sink. He is getting very, very tired of just how copper blood tastes. He opens his eyes a little more, giving Dean what he can manage for a smile. Dean scoots closer, until his knees are pressed against the outside of Cas’ hips.
something
When he finishes his apple, he tosses it to the ground where some animal will pick it up sooner or later. He takes a seat on the edge of the fountain, listening to the water trickling down. The water sloshes around when he picks a few browning leaves out. Shaking his hand off, the cold a comfortable shock against his hot skin, he watches the scene around him: there are a couple of seasonally-confused bees buzzing around some blooming daphnes. A particularly fuzzy bee lands on a flower and waddles around it. Her back end is dusted with fine specks of pollen, which makes Castiel wonder how many other flowers she's found this morning, even through the cold.
”I see you did fine with the vinegar,” he sniffs dismissively. Castiel stares at the shot glasses, upside-down on the counter, a couple of drops of vinegar still clinging to the sides.
”But D
“I don't need to be on time, it's just guitar.” Dean shrugs again. They slip into a steady silence for a few beats, “Oh dude,” he says suddenly, “I meant to tell you, Sam's having a friend over this afternoon, so I can't come to the library.” Cas nods. "I know it's been like a week, but, you know. You still need a ride home?"
”S’not a problem.” Dean shrugs. He shifts from shoulder to shoulder. Licks his lips. Castiel knows that look.
Dean isn’t sure if Cas finishes the word, because Cas’ hands are colliding with Dean’s chest and pushing. “He doesn’t care what you think of Him!” Dean slams into the wall space between the two high windows. The beginnings of a bruise burns where he hits. “He knows what He’s doing!” Cas swings for his face and Dean has enough sense to duck, but not fast enough. Cas hits his cheek and pain blooms. Then Cas grabs his lapels and shakes. “And it doesn’t matter how much you fucking beg! You can’t stop this.”
Dean stops, halfway between the door and the table.
“Uh.” Dean glances down at the paper. “Yeah. F-- sh-- crap, I forgot the quotes, uh, but you guys get the idea, right?” Most of the class looks bored, but a few of them agree. The teacher nods, and makes some notes on a paper.
But if the way Jess plops herself down on the mattress is any indication, she doesn't mind at all. He lies down next to her, watching her curl a strand of her hair around her finger.
Dean rolls his eyes and goes back to the mirror. “It’s just Cas.” He tells himself again, finally turning away. He takes a deep breath and flicks the bathroom light off on his way out.
Silence hangs over them for the rest of the ride. When they pull up to Dean's trailer, Adra steps out as well. The cold nips at Cas, the fire in his belly the only thing keeping him warm.
”Oh, me? I’m doing great! Moondoor won the tournament, and I just sat down to dinner with my three favorite people! No, no, you stay!” Charlie makes for the door. Dean tries to follow, but Ruby’s arm blocks his way.
“We’ll never get there if you don’t shut up and let me drive.” Dean says. “Shit. Uh. We just passed Swan Song Avenue, so we should be looking for a big building on our right. Private school somethin’. Keep an eye out, Sammy, Cas.”
”Hey, no problem,” Dean reassures him, “Right Sammy?” Sam gives him a thumbs up.
Before he can look into it, his phone buzzes from across the room; A new text from Castiel, then immediately another.
”There was a bus station a few miles away, but by the time I got there the buses to Bobby’s weren’t running ‘til the morning. I had to spend a night in this shady bus station, all alone. Well, mostly alone. I had met someone that night. Her name was Meg, she was a few years older than me. I think she was even older than Dean, but I dunno. Said she was trying to get to California by the end of the summer, a fresh start. I told her I was going to my uncle’s and she just laughed.” Sam remembers Meg, in her dusty brown jacket and the clunky headphones around her neck. She smelled like cheap coffee and danger and the road. “We were stuck in that bus station together until morning. And we, I don’t know, we just talked. There was something about her. I just talked and she looked like she got it. Kinda like you. I’ll be honest, I even thought about going with her. But Dean found me the next morning and dragged me out. I never heard from her again.” Castiel looks very sad.
”Uh,” Dean thinks. Most of the ‘dates’ he’s been on have involved a bong and very little clothing, or a movie theatre and very little clothing, or the bathroom at a restaurant and… Well. “Yeah, yeah it is.”
”Cas, fuck,
The door shakes on the way out.
Their day doesn't really start until Dean wakes up. He clambers off the couch and over to the kitchen, his hair mussed and his clothes wrinkled. There are lines on his face from where he was laying on the couch. Cas watches his as he tugs the fridge open and downs the milk straight from the carton.
That is very kind of you."
Adra sighs slowly, like she doesn't quite believe him. He turns on his heel, into the sitting room.
oh, fuck, there it is.
”What kind of a story?”
"Jesus, Cas!" Sam stage-whispers, rubbing his eyes. Cas comes closer so they don't wake Dean. "What are you doing up?" Cas doesn't answer. "Whatever, do you want to help me make breakfast?" Sam opens the fridge, squinting at the sudden light. He pulls out a carton of eggs and some milk.
"It's quite alright."
"I didn't-- It was an accident, Sammy, I didn't mean to--"
Much like Dean’s dresser back home, Charlie’s dresser has tons of photos stuck on it. The first one Dean spots is one of him and Charlie, with Charlie up on his shoulders waving a rainbow flag above her head. Last year’s Pride.
“Yeah. His room, you said?”
”Right!”
“Well, c’mon in,” Bobby says, a little resigned. Bobby goes back to the living room, pushes a pile of books out of the way with his feet. The air conditioner rattles, blowing cool air on Dean’s damp skin.
”Yes,” Cas says slowly, “like a million dollars.”
Cas has been shirtless in front of people before. All things considered, it is nearly impossible for him not to have been. But there's something different about this, about the way Dean is looking at him.
But his stomach cramps again, painfully, until he has to clutch at it through his shirt.
Castiel's bag has two shirts and a pair of jeans in it already. It takes everything in Castiel not to dump it all out again. His hands feel tense, so he wrings them out again. Moving to make sure everything fits in his back, his foot kicks a box under the bed.
”Yes.”
The timer on the toaster oven clicks away, sizzling the french fries to crisp, crunchy goodness. A few minutes ago, Sam had nudged Dean to flip them. Thank God, otherwise they would’ve been a lopsided, potatoey mess. That would be the worst fucking tragedy in the world.
Sure enough, it's only a handful of minutes later when Dean's head falls onto Cas' shoulder. His slow, even breaths and occasional snore are surprisingly comfortable to Cas. Dean's short hair tickles at Cas' bare neck. Slowly, as not to wake him, Cas shimmies away from Dean. He doesn't realize he was barely breathing until he steps over to where the Christmas tree was, and sucks in a good, strong breath. Ashes climb into his mouth.
”No kidding.”
Castiel laughs. Sam sniffles.
Cas flips back to the image, and sure enough, Sam has oval glasses sitting on the bridge of his nose.
except this, watching Cas sits down, lowering himself slowly, the same way Dean has seen Bobby do a few times, more frequently as the years go on. Dean sucks in a breath.
Castiel coughs again as he sits down next to Dean. Dean gives him a look, glancing from Castiel’s eyes to his coat pocket.
Sunday mornings are usually pretty quiet in the Winchester household. Dad never works, and Dean always sleeps in before Jo, Ash, and Castiel come over. But since Dean’s in Texas for the weekend, house is feels abnormally quiet.
"You gonna stand there all day, boy?" Bobby asks, not looking up from his soup. Dean flinches. "At least taste this, wouldja?" He obliges, strolling over to his uncle, who holds a ladleful of soup up to his mouth. Dean slurps down warm chicken broth with chunks of carrots and a few other vegetables. Bobby's cooking almost makes Dean like vegetables. Almost. He nods at Bobby, feeling the soup warm him all the way down.
"Excuse me?" Castiel doesn't understand.
”Yes?”
The radio announces for the fifth time.
”Shame,” Ruby shakes her head. She scratches the tattoo on her upper arm; she got it right after she started working at the diner, a little over three years ago. Dean never got a good look at it until now; a carton of cigarettes with purple flowers growing out of them, but instead of the brand name,
“Uh, dude, you know it's a Monday, right?” Ask asks, quirking his eyebrow expertly. "Don't we usually do that kinda thing on Friday?" Jo gives him a look, so he shrugs it off. "Fine, whatever, backwards-ass kids these days. But Jo still has my copy of Dracula."
"Yeah," Dean gestures vaguely to the boy in question. "He's-- I mean, he's been... An' I can't..." more vague gestures. "N' I can't help him."
before stopping. He deletes the texts, pocketing his phone. Instead, he takes up a pen and jots a note in the margin of the paper.
"Sam," she starts, her smiling growing wider. "Will you be my boyfriend?"
“For Alfie. And for you.”
"Well, me neither."
"Wouldn't it make more sense to call your father?" Cas asks.
And Dean doesn't say much else. He never does, he never needs to. Mary knows.
After a few more puffs, Castiel crushes the cigarette out against his coat pocket. He's a little dizzy when he stands up, his head swimming pleasantly with smoke. His phone buzzes on his desk, over the radio static.
Dean reprimands himself,
One of the women is short, of larger build, with dirty blonde hair in a bun that’s falling out. She has on a black jacket and a green button-up vest, in one of the pockets rests a cigarette box. She’s holding a cigarette between two fingers, puffing impatiently. An angry, hungry feeling gnaws in Cas’ stomach.
"Aren't you taking college classes at Talbot Community, though?"
”Yes, I…” Cas falters, squeezing his eyes shut at a sudden, sharp pain. “We have been having a… rough week.”
"He never mentioned--"
“It’s like… Being chained to a comet. You remember he told us that?” Jess asks. Sam remembers. They had been at the library; Cas was helping Jess do research for a project before one of his appointments. Jess asked him what it felt like, and Cas told them.
“What else is family for if they can’t know your embarrassing secrets?” Dean snarks. Ellen laughs, an open, full-body thing.
"I play games with Kevin all the time, guy's a freakin' genius." Sam whispers back.
There is a bright flash behind Castiel; he turns to see Sam holding a camera and smiling. Sam gestures to Dean and Cas.
Ideas run around in his head, some of them more concrete than others. He runs his pen in circles, hoping that the motion will pull the thoughts out of his head and onto the paper. His teeth grind against one another;
“Are you sure that you don't want me to--”
The teacher already knows, Dean finds out, about Cas’ absence. She assures Dean he doesn’t have to present until Cas is feeling better. Dean almost laughs. Almost.
Gilda perks up. “Oh, Cas is your--”
Castiel honestly considers praying when the bell rings, sending him off to Psychology. Specifically, sending him off to Psychology without Dean. His teacher gives him a nod when he walks in.
Dean isn’t clear what happens next, only that the monitors are screaming and people in white coats are running down the hall towards them, and Dean wonders what they’re running for, where the fire is.
Sam pumps a fist in the air.
He he gives in to them, swiping his tongue along his lips before his voice carries them out; "between the synapses and ligaments is where the facts lie." His voice is rough and small, getting swallowed up by the silence soon after. The memory rings an echo in his ears.
”Can we make it next Friday? I don’t want you dying on our doorstep.”
”I hope that’s not the only reason you have for taking me out.” Cas raises his eyebrows.
”You are exhausted.” Castiel says, before he realizes what he is saying. It’s true: Dean’s eyes are sunken and dark, heavy in the way even the strongest coffee can’t leverage.
Sam skips school on Friday. Dean doesn’t get out of bed to take him, but Sam would’ve stayed home anyway. He gets a call from Jess during lunch, and she puts him on speakerphone so Brady and Kevin and Jake can hear. He had told them what happened last night, although they had guessed when John of all people had picked him up from school. Jess had already been to the counseling office that morning.
“What? You just got here.”
"What about what?"
"Alright, shoot." Bobby turns the heat on the stove down.
Castiel follows Jo’s suit with two presents in hand, although he hands one off to Dean and one to Sam.
”Hey Cas!” Fuck, she’s way too happy about this. “It’s Charlie! You remember me, right?” Cas answers, although Dean can’t hear it. “This isn’t an important call, is it? You don’t need to whisk Dean away from us, do you?”
While he's pulling on an old t-shirt, he goes to meet Sam in the kitchen.
"Okay. Shoot." Sam runs his fingers through his hair.
“Damn it, Castiel,” Dean mutters. His voice is hard, “Why’d you have to get sick?” The crowbar is cool in his hand, smooth like the tongs used to poke and prod a dying fire. Castiel is gone. It’s bullshit. Dean grinds his teeth. Castiel won’t ever see this garage, won’t watch Dean’s sweat-shiny back as he fixes the accelerator and changes the oil. Won’t get to have dinner with Bobby and their family-- their fucking family-- afterwards, “You son of a bitch,” Dean grips the crowbar tighter, “I loved you, you know that?” He looks up to the sky, the torrential rain, “I fucking loved you!” Dean kicks the toolbox, bolts and screwdrivers flying everywhere, “Why did you have to
”It’s an expression, Cas,” Dean explains, rolling his eyes.
"What'd she do this time?" As much as it seemed to Sam that the Trans got along, Kevin always came to him with other ideas. Sam had been surprised, the first time Kevin complained about his mom it didn't involve the words 'drunk' or 'shouting' or 'seriously, what the fuck is wrong with her'.
love his people, it’s that this is what happens when he he doesn-.”
To Castiel's surprise, Adra is standing in the kitchen with a head of lettuce and several other brightly-colored vegetables in front of her. She spots him and startles, dropping her tomato.
“Cas,” Ash says, stepping forward from the crowd. Castiel reaches his hand out, the one with the little monitor wrapped around his pointer finger. Ash takes it, “You look good, dude. Really stellar.” He huffs a weak laugh. Castiel smiles and tightens his grip a little.
"Yes," Cas starts coughing again. The door squeaks when Dean opens it, shuffling in to the small bathroom.
and a row of blocky flowers. There are even tiny green and red lights sewn in around the reindeer. Sam crosses his arms over his chest.
Jessica Moore is standing in front of him. Under the mistletoe. She's smiling like she expected this. Sam wants to kill his brother, he can just feel Dean's grin from here. But he can't look away from Jess, the corners of her eyes crinkling. Sam feels his heart in his throat. She's leaning closer. Closer.
When they realize the projector is totally shot, everyone is handed a copy of Frankenstein and told to read until the end of class.
Sam thinks, stretching and arching along the length of his bed. Reluctantly, he sticks his limbs out from under the sleep-warm covers; he's shivering before he gets both his arms out.
It's Dean's turn next; Sam hands him one of the newspaper-wrapped gifts Dean saw under the tree last night. He tears the paper off, feeling greedy as he eyes the Monty Python DVD inside.
Castiel can't help but roll his eyes.
"Would you like to talk about it?" Adra asks as she turns out of the neighborhood.
On this note, y'all, we only have a few more chapters til the end. It's been a great journey and it's far from over. If you want to contact me off ao3, I have a tumblr, veggiesforpresident. If you have any questions, comments, any tears you wish to send my way, my ask box is open.
”I would enjoy that very much.”
Sam wants to throw up. The word
“You hungry?” He says, yanking open the fridge, squinting in the light,“I could go for pizza. A big ol’ meat lovers.”
.” Dean smiles fondly at the memory. Cas smiles fondly at him. Dean didn’t realize Cas had been rubbing circles on his ankle until he stops. There it is again, that tug at the bottom of Dean’s chest telling him to get
”The entire reboot was a bad fic. Come on Chuck, we’d die of peanut butter overdose before the tournament!”
"Oh, fuck you."
question for yall, is this chapter too much of an emotional whiplash? theres a lot going on.
inside in a way he knows he shouldn’t. He considers the heavy scratching at the back of his throat.
”That is quite alright.”
Charlie smiles again, before charging off elsewhere in the battle.
”Hey, that’s no problem.” Dean interrupts before Sam can steal the conversation. “Let’s just sit down.”
Dean sticks the flowers in the empty vase.
with you.” Dean crosses his arms over his chest.
”He’s a writer, right?”
Dean can’t stop thinking about Cas’ hand around his cock.
”Excuse me?” Cas tilts his head. He was under the impression that Valentine’s Day was not all that special to Dean. Dean’s hand is resting on his own thigh, curling and uncurling. He sighs, mustering up some energy, it seems. Castiel is fascinated watching him. Dean swallows.
Cas feels something unsettle in his throat.
"I am doing fine."
Adra stands by the mantle, talking with a very pregnant woman who gestures to the photos. Adra, her fingers pressed to her mouth, makes eye contact with Dean and he goes over, mini sandwich uneaten in his hand. Adra introduces Dean to the woman, although her name slips out Dean’s brain as soon as Adra says it. Whatever. Dean swallows. The woman shakes his hand with both of hers, her eyes shining and brown. A beaded bracelet clinks on her wrist, the beads strung in rainbow order.
“You’ll be fine, though,” Dean insists, “There are antibiotics you can take, or that fuckin’, that fuckin’ inflatable vest thing you have. You’ll be fine,” Dean isn’t sure when he stood up, but he’s in front of Cas, wringing his hands. Cas leans against the bench looking like a scarecrow on a cross. Dean presses a fist to his lips. His mother’s ring is cool against his mouth.“A diagnosis isn’t a fucking death sentence. The damn doctors don’t know how to do their jobs, that’s what Bobby always says. Always screwing things up. You’re fine.”
"C'mon," she says, glancing over to where Dean's standing. "Let's go somewhere else." It's an innocent enough sentence, but it along with the weight of Jess' hand in his, sends a jolt down Sam's spine. Dean gives him a hearty thumbs up as they pass him; Sam uses his free hand to flip Dean the bird.
“I don’t know why I bother,” Sam mutters, absent of any real contempt. Gabriel meows in seeming sympathy. Dean clears his throat, the weight settling back in his stomach.
The line clicks.
”I am always sick.”
Inside is a stack of CDs, and a palm-sized journal with the same type of leather binding as the notebook he got Cas for Christmas. He flips open the front cover: a tiny
"He's sick, Bobby. He's-- He's got, uh..."
The Winchester's sweater, although tacky, is surprisingly comfortable. It bundles around Cas' hips and covers most of his hand, sliding easily under his coat.
”Now put your hand on my shoulder.” Dean instructs. Cas does. Dean takes Cas’ other hand in his and holds it up. Cas’ skin is smooth where Dean’s has callouses. Cas’ fingers are cold. It doesn’t register to Dean how close they are until he feels Cas’ stomach rise and fall with his breathing. Smaller breaths then Dean would expect. Nerves, he guesses.
"It is." Cas smiles despite the weight that's pressing in on him. A blast of wind hits them as they walk and even with the layers, they shiver.
”Fuck.” He says again, more into the empty air than to his brother. “Fuck, Sammy, what am I doing?”
"Hey, kiddo," Dean says, forcing a smile. Sam just glares at the glove compartment. Dean's heart feels too tight in his chest. He doesn't let off the gas pedal.
But nothing feels right, so he's stuck glaring at the blank blue lines.
Cas doesn’t say anything either, it’s just the two of them sitting at the kitchen table, enjoying dinner. Judging by how hungrily Cas is digging into his own bowl, Dean figures he hasn’t eaten a lot today, either.
"Yes, alright."
Castiel laughs, honestly laughs. It is a deep belly laugh that does not dissolve into coughing. He wants to hold it in his chest forever.
“You're a jerk!” Sammy tries not to smile. He fails.
The air in his room isn't nearly as cool as he wants it to be when he steps out. He towels off as fast as he can and climbs into bed wearing only a pair of boxers and an old t-shirt. Anything else on the bed gets kicked off, landing on the floor with a thud.
There’s a photograph lying on top, with one corner torn off and browning with age. The back reads
, he realizes with a sudden clarity-- follow suit.
"She was mad at me because I didn't do well on that math test, she keeps saying I'm not going to get into Yale now. Claims she 'wants me to have the best future', like, she knows I'm fourteen, right?" Kevin complains, fishing a bag of pretzels out of his backpack.
Dean, about to turn the page, pauses. His thumb is trembling, ever so slightly. He looks up: his eyebrows are a tight line; there is a crease on the side of each eye that Castiel has, until now, only seen when Dean talks of his father. He is not smiling.
"Please, boy, half the reason I went to that church for so long was the gossip."
“You did spectacular.” He insists.
“I never found it in me.”
"Freakin' rabbit food." He mutters. Sam snorts.
A simple ritual, one he follows every night, before his prayer and before spending the rest of the night with his nose in a book. But it's a comfort to him, it makes his chest unknot the fraction it needs to for him to heave out a single, hot sigh. He hoists himself off the ground, hearing the floor creak under him. He keeps his shirt off when he clambers over to his bed. His rosary is cool when he slides it down over his head.
John’s bedroom door is shut tight and there’s no light shining under it. Sam pauses. There’s a pen and a blank pad of paper on the kitchen table.
"I know that, sweetheart. I meant what do you like? Sam says you're an artist, but I know that ain't all." Ellen's got her mom voice. Dean's been around her long enough to know what she's doing. But while Jess is thinking on an answer, the arguing starts.
Some shadow orcs whoop and holler as he stumbles off to the infirmary tent. Dean’s throat feels like it’s doused in hot liquor. He gnashes his teeth all the way into the tent.
"Uh." 4:53, according to his watch.
”I am sick.” Cas sighs, his eyes still closed. “That isn’t your fault.”
"Hurry it up." John snaps. "And turn off the damn lights." Dean nearly sprints to the wall to shut the lights off.
”Okay. Yeah. It’s a date.” Dean agrees, slowly, like he’s tasting the words. “But uh, Cas?”
Dean sighs. He can't look Bobby in the eye, not now. He fixes his gaze on a small hole in Bobby's flannel shirt, instead.
Jess pulls off the sheet. Sam gasps. It’s unfinished, more than half of it still thick pencil smudges, but it’s unmistakable. Castiel in dark charcoal, curled in over himself. His lungs, a brilliant blue, are visible through his chest. He has wings growing from his back, the feathers all different shades of yellow, orange, and red. Like a comet.
”What for?”
”Dean,” Cas says. Dean swallows. There is something sick sitting in Cas’ stomach. Waiting. There is much, so much, that he wants to say.
Then Cas closes his eyes. “No.” Cas says. “Dean, you can get a bite from the kitchen or something, I don’t care.”
Castiel is staring at him again. Dean does rolls his eyes this time, and grinds his teeth. It's not Castiel that's bugging him, he knows that much. The lingering smell of smoke comes back to him. He shivers.
Dean shares a look with Castiel.
Dean's heart is slamming against his ribs. His whole body feels stiff and his hands won't stop shaking.
"Merry Christmas."
he tells himself.
”Yes.”
A bell chimes. Everyone takes their seat, many prayers left unfinished.
”Yeah.” Sam shrugs.
“Don’t boy me! The only reason you’re fucking here is because Bobby chased you out with a shotgun on your ass.”
”I’ll say, you look like you got hit with a truck.”
"Let's get home."
Chapter warnings: hospitals and mentions of IVs, drowning and related panic, conversations of death, terminal illnesses, violence, smoking, allusions to grief and loss, brief and mild sensuality.
"Enchanté." Adra gives her best smile, letting her hand drop. She turns back to Castiel. "I hope I'm leaving you in good hands."
grander,
”Charlie deserves some bonding time with your boy, don’t you think?”
The back door closes with a shick. In the distance, spring peepers sing. Insects buzz around. The sunlight lengthens the shadows so the spout of the fountain is the big hand of a clock, pointing to the side of the house. A bird rustles in a tree.
Sam turns his eyes away from the road, glaring at the green army man stuck in the ashtray.
The confession to Jo and Ash had been a couple months ago, during a potluck lunch. Ash asked a few questions and Jo squeezed Castiel's shoulder. Overall, little had changed.
“I am okay,” He says. “But please be careful.” He smiles sheepishly at Dean.
When Dean is empty, he stops. With shaking knees, he rises. Castiel lies in his coffin. Dean turns away. In front of him, Sam stands with his glasses tucked into the neck of his shirt, stained with tears. Adra stares at Dean in the same cutting-open way Cas did. Three fingers press into the thin line of her mouth. He opens his mouth and closes it. He smiles at them, crooked, shaky. Castiel is dead. But Dean isn’t.
The credits of the movie roll a while later, and coupled with several more empty beer bottles that lay across the floor. The three older teens are giggling to themselves over something they don't know why is funny, while Sam busies himself with sorting out a bed for the cat. Gabriel curls himself up in the torn-up sweater that Sam lay down for him, purring. In his haze, Dean thinks maybe he could get used to the bugger.
"I mean, Mr. Burgh, it just seems, uh," Brady stutters, before looking down at his shoes.
"And a last." Dean stubs the butt of the cigarette out on the side of the house, free from the snow. His hands are red with cold.
"M'already awake, what's the harm?" Dean insists, swallowing a yawn. "Can't have you breakin' any more shit anyway." Cas doesn't respond, only flips another page in the binder. Dean comes up behind him, peering over his shoulder at the cookbook. But his vision is still blurry from sleep, and in the dark Dean can't make out anything on the page. "What did you have in mind? And why couldn't it wait like, six hours?"
Dean gives him a look.
The mantle over the fireplace is covered in dust. He runs a finger along it, writing his name in the loose grey particles. Staring at it for a second, he feels his nose twitch. A sneeze explodes from him, loud and echoing through the high ceiling.
He thinks with a grimace.
The next couple hours drag on. Dean checks all the cabinets twice, making a short list of groceries. He taps his fingers on the door of the fridge, half-eyeing the six pack on the door, half hoping his phone will go off again.
That’s right. Dean’s dream.
“Oh.” Castiel looks away, “I'm sorry.” Dean opens his mouth as if to say something else. At that moment, Mrs. Leonard steps up to the front of the room and tells them they have the whole period to work. Loud chatter springs up from every corner of the room. Castiel takes the chance to change the subject. “Can we meet in the library after school?” he asks.
"How formal of you. Maybe you'd like to run an extra mile, just for that?" Brady's eyes don't come up off the floor. He mumbles something even Sam can barely hear. "Excuse me?" Ice echoes.
The back seat of the Impala gets filled with a smokey haze, but by the time Dean notices, he's beyond caring. The edges of his vision blur until all he can focus on is Jace in front of him, her chest tattoo shining against her light skin. Everything slowly starts to feel awesome. The leather seat feels sticky and smooth at the same time, and Jace's dyed-orange hair shimmers in the late-afternoon sun.
”What about it?”
Dean runs a hand through his hair, clearing his throat.
"Are we sure this is safe?" Sam shouts over all the white noise.
Sam offers them their last course, but Dean and Cas both decide to wait on dessert. Dean looks at Cas, then at Sam, and then at just how small the kitchen is with all three of them together. He cocks his head at Cas.
He wouldn’t have it any other way.
"It's part of a Bible verse. It means 'I will fear no evil', from Psalm twenty-three." Cas explains. Dean keeps staring at him, nodding.
“Mister Winchester, Miss Harvelle,” It’s the principal who speaks first, “You know this woman? She says there is some kind of emergency with a friend of yours, but since she is not on either of your emergency contacts, we can not give her permission to bring you home.”
“Hey kid,” They both know this conversation by heart. “Your dad's fine. Passed out on my couch near three.”
There are half a dozen like posters around the room, animals and brightly-colored, if not generic, phrases. He takes another look at Dean, who's chatting idly with a greasy-haired young boy at the same table. Dean looks up at Castiel. Castiel curses and goes back to staring at the walls.
Bobby looks at Dean harder.
In the distance, someone shoots a cannon. The three kids only have a second before they have to come face to face with the Shadow Orcs. The long time enemy of Moondoor, the Dark Forest’s warriors have most of their bodies painted gray, and horns protruding from their helmets. They’re easily the most threatening things in Moondoor. At least, they’re the ugliest.
___________
“Cas,” Dean croaks. He reaches a purpling hand up to Cas’ chest, between the buttons of his shirt. “Please.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ru.”
Ms. Nisbet seats all the partners together, although if Dean’s body language is anything to go by, Castiel all but doesn’t exist. Cas clears his throat heartily. Dean winces when Cas coughs, but otherwise makes no motion to acknowledge him.
Dean crouches down and starts to stack up the old books that are scattered across the floor. Most of them are falling apart, or the covers are so faded only a look inside could tell you what they are. And even then, at least half of them are in French, or Japanese. There's a small blue book, buried under some anthology or another, that jumps out at Dean. Wispy gold letters shine on the cover, despite the obvious wear on the rest of the book.
Oh. Cas looks closer at the woman as they drive by. Indeed, it is Ellen. Dean gives her a wave, then wheels the car into a parking space. She makes her way over, swallowing smoke until it’s down to the orange.
Sam wipes his hands with a paper towel. Dean pockets his phone and goes to help stack the dishes up into the cabinet. As he's putting the last one away, Dean hears a whine at the door. Bobby, having just finished scraping some black grime off the bottom of a frying pan, goes to open to door. Rummy bolts through a second before Bobby can get his hand around the doorknob, swinging his dripping tail and leaving muddy paw prints in his wake.
Stepping outside into the nipping cold feels like a breath of fresh air for Sam. Jim shakes his hand warmly.
"Get in a picture together! I want to document this!" He tells them. Castiel shuffles his feet but does not move. Underneath his sweater feels warmer than it should, not just because of the broken heater.
“It was good. Everyone loves Frankenstein,” He tries to keep his tone bright, but his eyes lack the normal glitter of excitement. Maybe it's the flowers laying in his lap. Or how tight Dean's grip on the steering wheel is. “Dean...”
“Fuck,” Cas groans, leaning closer into Dean.
”That’s very ill-advised, Dean.”
“Quia tu es mecum,” She explains, turning her wrist over to reveal the whole quote, “It’s Latin. ‘For you are with me’ from Psalm 23.” Dean leans closer. The curling script is familiar. Dean flushes a little at the memory of Cas panting beneath him. He swallows.
”Nonsense, bud. You’re not my type anyway.”
Cas is sure of another thing: he didn’t move this much before Dean. Sure, he paced his room, he went on walks, but this was different. He twiddles his pens, doodles in the margins of his books-- even his teachers ask him if he’s feeling quite alright-- he tears the corners of his notebook off just to give his hands something to do.
Charlie calls him just to scream “Hell yeah!” in his ear and hang up.
Most of the boxes are full of tangled strings of lights, or more Christmas-themed clothing that hasn't been touched in years. Everything smells like pine and cinnamon when removed from the boxes. Dean hums while he unpacks, trying to untangle the lights enough to find the plug end. The next box that Sam opens contains ornaments, most handmade with Sam or Dean's stuck names on them in glitter glue.
”Happy birthday, kid.” John’s voice, still rough with sleep, comes from behind him. Dean swallows thickly, his throat coated in syrup.
"Very well. I'll be leaving shortly, give me a call if you... Well."
”Throughout my life,” Cas starts, stroking his thumb over the edge of one of the photographs. “I have spent my life in various hospitals, for various amounts of time. During my stays, I have met many people. Although most of them have turned out to be very temporary people, some… Some have not.” He takes out the first photograph, dated nearly seven years ago: a long hallway, with two people in the frame. In the front, stands a short boy in nothing but a hospital gown, with slicked-back hair the color of wheat. He’s grinning and munching on a half-melted candy bar. Behind him a few feet, a dusty-haired teenager leans against a wall. His scowl isn’t the only jarring thing about him: he has scrapes running down the side of his face, red and blotting, from his forehead down to his chin.
"So? You remember when we found that dog, right? What dad did?" Dean's lip twitches, but he doesn't break.
“Don't you have to get to class?” Cas asks, starting down the hall to his Physics classroom. Dean walks in step beside him. He shrugs, knocking shoulders with Cas again. There's a stretch of hallway before Cas gets to his class, so he slows down.
“Actually,” Jess says, her voice more alive than it had been all phonecall, “I was gonna stay after for an art project. Do you mind if I bring some paints over?”
”I can’t read it,” he lies. He pockets the card before Jo can grab it.
"I would love to." He clears a space on the counter for Sam's ingredients, brushing away a handful of crumbs.
”I’ve got it so bad,” he mutters to himself. Cas looks up.
“See ya, Bobby.” Dean grins to his uncle before he leaves.
”Charlie! Dean!” Ruby hugs both of them, careful not to get her apron caught in the chainmail. “It’s so good to see you!” She takes a look at Gilda. “And who’s this?”
”Cas,” Dean tries not to roll his eyes. “It’s not a scary movie. Have you really never heard of
”Thank you, Sam.” He speaks with sincerity.
His bag is still on the floor next to the coffee table. He pushes it over to where he's standing, a pen and his blue inhaler falls out. The side of the inhaler reads Albuterol. Cas snatches up the medicine and shakes it. He takes a hard puff, feeling the spray hit all the way back in his throat and down to his lungs. A few coughs come up, so he turns away from Dean and buries his nose in his sleeve until it's over. He spits the mucus into the kitchen sink, hoping the night won't last very long.
"Dean? Hello?" Jace is waving a hand in front of his face. He blinks.
Dean honestly isn't sure how he makes it through Shop without breaking his hands from how many times he's cracked his knuckles in the past hour. They ache in the way that makes Dean want to punch something, just so he can crack them more. He trudges through the hallway, stepping into his English class feeling like he's missing something important.
Adra flips a burger in the pan and it sizzles, garlic and oil stinking up the kitchen. She throws a couple more seasonings on the meat. She has a black apron overtop her crisp white shirt with her sleeves rolled up. Her hair is in a work-tight bun.
Castiel continues to stand on the front porch, holding himself at arms length from the railing. The cold makes the sweat on his neck stick to him. His heart still thrums in his chest, although less violently than before. Mucus sticks to the roof of his mouth, he spits it onto the ground, making a small circle of melted snow.
?” Thunder shouts overhead, but does not answer. Dean kicks again, the toolbox, the Impala’s front wheel. It doesn’t help. Nothing fucking helps. Dean grips the crowbar tighter and swings towards the Impala’s rain-streaked window. “Why?!”
"You really hold it like that?" Dean gestures to the cigarette between Cas' middle fingers.
"Buck up," Dean ruffles Sam's hair as he walks past. "He can come back after Thanksgiving." Sam makes a non-committal noise, but he tears his eyes away from the door.
”I tied it myself.” Cas has his proud, crooked smile on, so Dean doesn’t say anything else.
no, that doesn't sound right. Not marrow, marrow doesn't connect to anything, it helps to support the bone. What holds things together? Joints. Yes. Ligaments, too. Synapses and joints. Synapses and ligaments. He tastes the words on his tongue, the first pair slight salty and bitter, the second resting comfortably inside his lips. What an inconvenient thing, words. They always sound better when spoken aloud.
The pastor goes off to greet another family. Adra turns to the boys. “Would you like to spend some time here, or should we get going?” Sam’s about to say he’d like to leave, but Cas is already agreeing to stay for a few minutes. He gestures for Sam to follow him.
Dean stops again, his face turning red.
. Sam squints at the board. He thinks he remembers Dean complaining about the unit a couple of years ago.
The rest of the drive is calm in comparison. The porch light splutters when they drive up, finally giving up and going dark when they reach the front door.
"Bastard's been sleeping here the whole time." Dean sniffs indignantly.
”So, LARPing stands for Live-Action Role Playing. A buncha people, teenagers, young adults, whoever. Everyone gets together and we dress up like, uh, like we’re really in the Kingdom of Moondoor and we’re bein’ invaded or whatever. They have a tournament every year in San Antonio, I used to go all the time when we lived down there. It’s seriously cool, Cas.”
Dean rolls his eyes, opening the front door and sticking his foot out to stop it from closing on him. The trio are still in their costumes, for the most part. The chainmail shimmers on Dean’s chest. He shakes his shoulders, making the sunlight dance off him. Gilda laughs. She has a jewel stuck right below her eye that shines, too.
Dean looks around the table, very aware that Jo is staring at him hard.
”Why not?” Sam pouts, defensive. He looks over Dean’s shoulder. “Cas, can you please convince Dean to put his man card away for an
”Sir Dean?” Charlie’s voice cuts through to him. “Sir Dean.” It’s more commanding this time. Sir Dean squares his shoulders.
John reaches out blindly when Dean comes over, rubbing his eyes. He swallows the pills greedily, finishing them off with a gulp of water Dean hands him. Dean is racking his brains staring at his dad.
“Listen here, Dean,” John spits, jabbing a finger at Dean’s chest. “Don’t go messin’ in things you don’t understand.”
Dean hesistates.
Dean comes back up on two feet. They keep dancing. In the background, Edward kisses a spot on Bella’s neck and talks about
”Look at you, Angel Man falling from grace.” Dean shakes his head. “Your mom must have been thrilled.” His comment is met only with silence. “Yeah, I remember my first time. I was out back in some trailer park in Texas, out near where Charlie lives, yeah? This chick named Ruby always had a pack on her. I think I burned a hole in my shoe when I put it out, but don’t tell anyone.”
followed shortly after by
”She spent most of her time in the playground around the back of the hospital. There was an old oak tree she would always sit under, she said it understood her. On the first day that we met, she had been smoking and creating art under that very tree. She told me that shooting stars were cigarette butts that the angels threw away so God wouldn’t catch them.
Sam thinks, cringing internally,
"Toomey."
The kitchen table is clean, covered in a white tablecloth that looks suspiciously like the spare sheets they keep above the dryer. There are two plates on either end of the table, each with silverware and a red cloth napkin. A couple of mismatched candles sit in the middle, and there’s an empty vase as the centerpiece.
Dean snorts. Charlie keeps scrolling through his messages.
Silence creeps into the car and Dean looks over to Cas, watching how the shadows make the lines on his face deeper. His eyes look older than they should. Cas stares out through the windsheild, blue eyes glittering.
”It’s for you!” Jo says, eyes twinkling.
Just outside the shade of the fountain is a row of tall orange flowers with dark red spots peppering the insides. Tiger lillies. Dean touches a petal carefully, rubbing a thumb over its wax. He sneezes. He gives the flowers some water, as they’re starting to shrivel. Sam said the fountain water was blessed some time ago, which makes watering the plants something holy. Dean snorts. That means the time Cas almost drowned was holy, too.
“Oh dude, really? That means so much to me, thank you. You know, I almost didn’t perform it this year, ‘cause my grandmomma’s in the crowd and she’s a harsh critic. She didn’t think anyone would want to see a Black man singin’ a white man’s song, you know, I thought I didn’t want to disappoint her, but, you, you really made my day, do you mind if I tell my grandmomma what you said? What’d you say your name was?”
"Yes," He sighs, the steam from his drink curling away from him. "Unfortunately." He adds after a beat.
EDITED 9 SEPTEMBER 2014
“Fuck!” He spits. Cas moves closer. He throws another punch that lands near Dean’s shoulder, then another on his chest.
"Too damn many people in this kitchen," the old man mutters, wiping the sweat off his brow with the back of his sleeve.
And fuck, he's right back where he started. Did he need to call Bobby now more than ever. He looked around, from the back of Jo's head, to one of the teachers, to a black-haired boy sitting at the front of the class. Everyone else listening attentively to something he knew he should care about. A moment later, though, he feels his phone vibrating on his leg. His heart short-circuits for a moment before he realizes it was only a text, and neither his dad nor Bobby are technologically efficient enough to know how to do that. He steals a glance at his phone, blinking when he sees that he has a new message from Jo.
Castiel takes a glance down at the book he's still holding, and thinks how the boy reminds him of Victor Frankenstein. With what little he currently knows abut both: they are as pretentious as ever, especially having been graced with a good life. Little concern for anyone else. Everything good has simply been given to him. But Castiel stops. He sighs, chastising himself: jumping to conclusions of character is a bad habit of his, especially since he takes time observing the people around him, gathering vague ideas of who they are.
Cas blinks, but he stands.
“Uh, hang on.”
"Yeah, 'cause your health is so great, Mister Drinks-Bong-Water," Dean interjects.
Eventually Dean pops off to squirt a cool, clear liquid into his palm, and then onto Cas’ dick. Strawberry lube, Dean tells him, tugging hard at Castiel.
“I can see that,” He says, setting his box down on the island, where it’s out of the way of any roller brushes or paint, “Don’t they say not to touch the house for a year after, you know?” Dean looks away.
“Yeah, definitely,” Sam says. His stomach growls, “Hey, uh, I gotta go. But text me, okay?” They all affirm. Sam clicks the call away.
”I do admit,” Castiel sighs, squinting hard at the photo in his hands, “that there is not much I remember from my time with Gabriel and his brother. But Gabriel had a good soul, even if he was a bit mischevious. His brother, on the other hand…”
"I am fairly well-off, Sam. You don't need to worry. As long as I keep up my treatment, the doctors believe I will have a few years, at least." Cas' voice is calm, as if he's made this speech a thousand times. Sam swallows his heart back down.
"Dean," Sam sounds frantic. "Where are you?"
"What do you say we head back before you become a Cas-cicle?" Dean jokes, turning around.
Castiel's hands are shaking over the call button. He would be much more still if he weren't so worn out, he knows. The vest wound around his chest and the IV drip in his arm don't help. Castiel inhales slowly, feeling the air stretch all the way to the bottom of his lungs. He winces, and dials Dean's number.
Castiel turns away from Dean, scowling at the road ahead of them. They come to a stop light, and Cas can feel Dean turn to him.
His smile drops.
Shrubbery overflows every available inch of the garden and onto the fence walls. Tall pointed trees line up against the back wall, vines curling over the fence. Pink roses clutch at a white trellis. A Japanese maple stands stoic in one corner of Eden, diagonal from the willow Dean noticed the first time he was here. In the other corner is a wiry oak and a maple, neither of them tall enough to reach the top of the fence yet. One section of the garden to the right of the fountain has been gated off: things that bloom in winter and early spring. They are tendrils and twigs by the time Dean looks them over. But as with everything, he turns the soil and brushes the debris away. To the left of the fountain is another fenced area, with two rows of leafy greens and what looks like a tomato plant spidering up a stake. Lettuce, carrots, and potatoes, according to Cas’ notes. Fresh potatoes would probably be better than anything frozen, Dean thinks, but he just might have to test that theory out.
“Hey, Castiel was the real meat lover. That boy was in-sa-tia-ble, let me tell you,” Dean says, drawing out each syllable. His chest loosens when Sam ducks his head. Sam huffs and gives Dean something like a smile, “I’m telling it like it is, Sammy.” Dean says, a ghost of a laugh huffing from his mouth.
Dean swivels back to Cas. Cas swallows; his tongue tastes like thick salt.
"You're somethin', too, don't worry," Brady reassures him.
“Uh. Okay. We can do that,” Dean stammers, “Or uh, not do that. Yeah. Okay. Can I still, uh, touch you? With my hands?” He winces, and Castiel chuckles. Dean is probably kicking himself for his less-than-eloquent word choice.
Castiel looks over to his desk, where a dozen or more letters have been sorted and organized in the drawers. He blinks, looking back to Dean. Dean is absently twirling the ring on his finger, staring down at the photograph in front of Castiel.
”Shit, I’m sorry, man. I’m probably boring you with all this.”
“Oh!” Sam whispers, and they begin speaking in tandem.
The funeral is close to an actual church service, Dean discovers. Pastor Jim stands at the podium reading passages from different parts of the big red Bible in front of him. He talks about God and about Heaven and about eternal pastures. Dean shifts in his seat. He’s never been good at this. The church itself is nice, though. Tall pillars on each side, the ceiling painted like the sky. Flowers bouquets everywhere, in preparation for today. The Mother Mary has rosaries bleeding down her front, shiny against her white marble chest. Up front, the casket is closed, with a bouquet of blue and white arranged on top. Some of the flowers are cloth, ones Dean and Sam and Adra can pluck out before they put Castiel in the ground.
”It is my birthday.” Cas raises his eyebrows at Dean. They are standing very close.
”I know.” Dean says, pulling an arm around Cas’ stomach. “I know.”
A handful of people go before him. One guy pronounces Frankenstein differently each time he says it, and one girl goes on a tangent about how awful the Hollywood Frankenstein is. She has a point, which is probably why Nisbet lets her go on so long. Then, it’s Dean’s turn.
”C’mon, baby, don’t be like that.” He coaxes the car, running his palms up and down the steering wheel.
“Mother.” He calls, descending the stairs with one hand white knuckling the railing.
Cas hears the crunch of gravel a few seconds before his phone buzzes on the nightstand.
“Yes. If you don't mind.” Cas watches Dean laugh like he's said something funny.
“Can we take a break? It’s been--” Dean looks at his watch, “forever.”
"H'lo?" Dean's voice is scratchy and heavy, as if he's just awoken from a nap.
“Right,” Dean says, shaking his head, “Right. Sorry, Sammy.”
“For now, yes,” Adra answers. Her voice is rough. Dean wonders if she’s been crying already. Jealousy curls in Dean’s gut at the thought. He hasn’t cried yet. He tried, in the hospital room clutching Castiel’s coat. He tried in the bathroom surrounded by Castiel’s scent and the sticky shower steam. He tried in the Novak’s living room, when Adra asked him to help turn photos the right way around in their frames. They sifted through which ones to keep up and which ones to pack away until after the reception. He tried. Nothing.
"I used to smoke as well." Castiel feels relief like a block of ice melting through his bloodstream, settling down at the bottom of his lungs.
Sam wraps an arm around Jess' shoulder. It makes something swell in Dean's chest.
”Uh,” Sam looks at him over the rim of his steamed up glasses. “Going on a date with Cas?”
"Oh yeah."
Dean takes a bite of his burger. Definitely better than the ones he tried to make at Cas’ house last time.
”Ain’t that the truth.”
"No."
It takes a few minutes for the smoke to clear, and a few more for everyone to shut up about it. Jesus, does Dean need that movie marathon. Or at least a good fuck. Something to take his mind off of everything. He scans the room again: there's a cute brunette a few seats away that doesn't look away when he looks her up and down. He smiles. She licks her lips.
Warnings: smoking, nightmares, alcoholism
On his way back to Jo and Ash, he feels his like his step is a tiny bit lighter. Not enough, but enough. Ash is back on his 'Aliens and Pyramids' diatribe, to which Dean happily joins in on.
Dean’s ears turn bright red.
"Gabe!" Sam sighs in relief, knocking his glasses back down. The cat mews, digging it's claws into Dean's chest happily. "I've been looking for you everywhere!" Dean pushes the cat off, earning him a couple puncture wounds on his flat pecs.
As expected, the burger is fantastic. Dean and Cas talk between bites this time.
He runs back. The solid wood doors are closed, and an attendant stands to the side. They’re dark doors with curved patterns cut into them, and a shiny brass handle. When Cas hears clapping, he pulls the door. It’s heavy.
”Who’s yours from, Jo?” Dean asks. There’s a small pink card sticking off the flower stem, held there by a red ribbon. She flips it over.
”This is Gabriel.” Castiel points to the boy with the candy bar. “We were both ten years old when we met. His older brother, Luke,” Cas points to the boy in the background, “was sixteen. Gabriel always said that Luke, whom he called Lucifer, never understood him. Luc never did what was best for him, he made all the wrong choices.
“Ugh. I’m just getting a bunch of crap. I don’t know how you do this.”
”Yeah, that sounds like Bobby.” Dean muses, “I got him to un-ground us one summer by finding him a steak sauce he hadn’t tried yet.”
Dean opens his arms, as if that explains everything.
_________
”Dean.” Cas tries. “We need to work on our project.” Nothing, Dean only flips a page in his book. His fingers tense impatiently, going between curling and uncurling and tapping on the desk. The fingers that were oh, so recently holding Castiel’s hips steady as they danced around the Winchester’s living room. Castiel’s breakfast boils in his stomach. “Dean? Have you gotten any of your work done?” he tries again. And again, nothing. Castiel sighs, languid. He closes his eyes, still able to see Dean so clearly in the dark. He tries one last time. “Dean? Have I done something wrong?” His eyes open.
”Yes, from when we were living in Italy. Although I have no idea how Sam got it in the first place.” Cas glances over to Sam in the kitchen.
Dean tries to noogie his brother with one hand, but Sam’s too quick to hop out.
_______________
Bam! Bam! Bam! There’s a hammering on the front door, loud and strong. Castiel and his mother jump. Adra goes to see who it is. Dean stands in the doorway, his hair wild and his cheeks red. He’s followed closely by Sam, who has big eyes and a book in his hand.
“Something Victor said stuck out to me, we can analyze it in our paper.”
“You can't keep having Dean do all this crap for you!” Dean hears. He walks out of the room to find Sam standing in front of the coffee table with arms gripped over his chest. John is sitting up on the couch with an expression that makes Dean shudder while standing completely still. “I mean, seriously!” Sam goes on, “You come home drunk off your ass and order Dean and me around like soldiers!”
“I liked him, you know? But I thought of him as Dean’s friend, at first. You know how he is. But Castiel was so… So…” Sam fumbles. Jess gives him a final squeeze and steps away.
The rest of the clothes are thrown into the basket and put on top of the whirring machine. Dean has to kick it a few times to get it started right. The dials are already set, so he hits start and hip-checks the door shut.
Instead, he takes out his notebook, falling apart with information and sticky-note reminders all written in his even, blue handwriting. He coughs, mucus and salt heavy in his mouth, and tries to focus on the lesson at hand: lifespan and brain development.
Castiel.
But then he would turn back to face us:
Castiel stops.
Her room, at least, is how Dean remembers it. Maybe there are a few more dirty clothes on the floor, but it still reeks of Charlie: at least three Lord of the Rings posters one autograph from William Shatner are hanging on the wall. Dean has to step over a blonde wig to get into the room properly. Charlie tosses Dean’s duffel bag onto the top bunk of her bed. The bottom bunk has been taken out to make room for her desk, which is covered in sticky notes and doodles.
Charlie smiles maliciously.
into the CD slot. He makes a place for the envelope on his dresser, on top of the rapidly growing pile of letters from Charlie. Dean hits the CD player again, and the music finally starts.
Thunder explodes over the entire sky; Castiel just barely ducks into the Shop room before the rain starts, pounding the ground with fat, heavy drops. Inside Shop is warm and above all, dry. He takes his seat near the teachers desk, watching a few more early birds shuffle into the room, already dripping. Flashes of lightning make the sky light up like a spring day. There's a roll of thunder loud enough to shake the building; the door swings open and a cold blast meets the back of Castiel's neck. That's when Dean Winchester walks in.
”Hmm,” Charlie taps her chin, “Original Series? Next Gen? Reboot?”
, also in Sharpie, shines on the outside of the lighter. Castiel flicks it a couple of times, watching the flame splutter to life. The cigarette between his middle two fingers feels heavy. He lights it. The smoke hits his lungs, and they're both warmed and cooled at the same time. The back of his tongue stings, a warm and familiar sensation. All the tension in his stomach melts away. Smoke curls up to the ceiling; Castiel watches it drift lazily closer to the fan before disappearing. Ashes fall onto his coat and smolders orange before Cas wipes it away. It leaves a black streak near the pocket.
Dean’s door creaks open and Dean wrapped in a bathrobe shuffles to the bathroom. A burst of Aerosmith bleeds into the living room, but it’s gone as soon as Dean’s door shuts. Dean’s hair is a mess and his eyes are puffy. Sam turns away. Then he turns back.
Ruby drops off two root beers for Charlie and Dean, and a vanilla milkshake for Gilda. Gilda takes two straws and starts sucking down on her shake as soon as it hits the table.
So, this is the final chapter that needs to be edited before I can start the process of NEW CHAPTERS being published!
”Right. Yes, let’s.”
a cherub with no wings,
before, it reminds him of Charlie’s elderly aunt that he met once. But the way Cas breathes out ‘oh, darling.’ before pulling Dean in by the collar, well, Dean doesn’t want to be called anything else.
“Okay,” The man says. He clears his throat, “Down the hall to the left is a room for family members, if anyone needs to step out for a little while. You should find water bottles and snacks there, as well. Bathrooms are to the right,” He looks to Adra, “Are you ready?” He holds out his arm. Adra looks to Dean. Dean nods a fraction. They go in.
"I'm real sorry. But, Friday?"
"Fuck." He's not sure if he cursed out loud or not.
“Bastard,” Dean repeats.
Chapter warnings: mentions of death, smoking, semi-explicit sex.
”Yes,” Cas tries to look up at his own hairline. “She did my hair.”
this, are you?”
”Dean, Dean Dean Dean,” the man gasps, leaving sticky breath across Dean’s neck. His voice is low.
Dean's gut clenches. He sets his phone down and keeps cleaning the counter. When the mess is clean, he picks up his phone and stares at it.
Also yall! Please leave comments/critiques/questions! As much as I love writing this, I want to know your thoughts too!!!
"One time!" Ash defends, making a broad flourish of his hand. He accidentally tosses a chip across the table, hitting Jo in the forehead. Everyone laughs, even Castiel.
“Of course.”
”Happy Single’s Awareness Day,” Ash says, flipping his hair back from his forehead. He hands Castiel a small Tupperware container; inside is a very smushed slice of Roadhouse cake.
, Dean never wants to stop kissing like this.
”Yes,” Cas agrees.
, Princess Leia bounds down the stairs to give Dean big, slobbery kisses. Dean barely has time to drop his bag before Leia’s covering his face with her tongue and wagging her tail hard enough for her butt to fall off.
The smell of burning lingers in his nose, bringing him back to the bacon and eggs he made earlier this morning. He hadn't made breakfast in months, but with Sam out of commission until they were about to leave, it had been up to Dean. They didn't turn out too terrible, he thought. Dean could scrape most of the burnt bits off.
”Dean, come on. It was Mrs. Bradbury’s idea, anyway. I think she wants to see you more than Charlie does!” Jo says.
"If you don't mind my asking, what do you think of it so far?" Castiel tilts his head to the side. Something shifts uncomfortably in his throat. He ignores it. "I think it's interesting how--" Nope. His throat, he coughs heavily. It doesn't help. He keeps coughing. He stands on shaky legs, tucking his chin into his elbow. His face is heating up. If the chair topples over on his way out, he doesn't know it.
"Fourteen," Cas corrects.
“You heard me.”
"That's great, man. How're you feelin'? I talked to your mom a bit on Monday and she said you were doing alright but, you know, I wanted to, you know," Dean stops to sigh, and Castiel can almost see him rubbing his face with his hands. "Anyway, how are you? Wait, I said that already." Castiel smiles.
"Moose can swim, seriously, it's a part of their evolution," Ash explains excitedly. He pauses to snag a couple pretzels from the pile. "When their ancestors had to migrate from Siberia." There is a hoard of food in the middle of the table that everyone takes a bite from occasionally, all a potluck from whatever the trio had brought in that day. Today, there are pretzels, potato chips, a sandwich and a half, and some smushed brownies. No one is entirely sure who brought what. Cas takes a chip and crunches on it.
"Yes, I... I apologize. I had written this while I was in France with my mother." He takes the paper back, translating in his head before he reads.
Yeah, it does sound good. Especially the
”Hey, fuck you!”
, and
Jess rolls her eyes. Sam thinks it's adorable. He hold out an elbow to her.
A warm and familiar heat surrounds him, guiding him with shaking hands out into the blaring fluorescence of the hallway. The arms around him smell like garlic and old book musk, and for a single second Dean thinks it’s Castiel, somehow, and then he remembers, and then it’s his little brother pressing into him, it’s Sam’s shoulders he squeezes, Sam’s chest he buries his head in. Sam holds him and blubbers into Dean’s hair.
“Alright, I think it's time for you all to head out,” he says, looking over to his brother. Sam nods in agreement.
“Will you take him?”
His lungs are painfully empty and full at the same moment. The pen drops to the tile floor with a plastic
”’Castiel was here’,” Castiel answers Sam’s look. He closes both of his hands over Sam’s. The beads are warm to the touch.
Castiel breathes in, quick and regulated, and out, easy like it’s only been minutes instead of months. He does not think about how his skin is tingling warm at Zachariah’s words. He instead turns his focus to the chalkboard in front of him, and clicks his pen.
They spend a while arguing over whether they can keep the cat for the night or not. Sam decides to call it Gabriel, and makes it a bed out of an old sweater, so that settles that. Dean's friends arrive, Jo by walking in the front door and Ash by trying to shove a pizza box through the mail slot. The four of them and the cat strew themselves across the couch. Sam curls up between Dean and Jo's head, the latter laying across Ash's lap. The TV screen blurs for a minute before one of them decides to get up and bang at it a couple times. The pizzas are stacked on top of one another, balancing dangerously on the rickety coffee table.
“What's this? You tryin' to fatten me up, eh Sammy?” Dean chides, grabbing some utensils from the drawer.
But it has been years since he's done any of that. And Adra is likely asleep in her bed, still in her pantsuit with her hair pinned up. Castiel had been no taller than her shoulder the last time they had watched the stars together. Tonight, there are no stars to see.
And he’s back to thinking about his ass, and Cas’ cock. God damn it.
Like the rest of the house, the water's too hot when he steps under the stream. But all his shoulder muscles relax under the water, so he doesn't mind much. He lets the mirror fog up. The shampoo bottle is almost out, but Dean has just enough to give himself an awesome shampoo mohawk. Once he's washed his hair out, he decides to think about that girl from Shop with the chest tattoo. He takes his cock in one hand and bites his other fist, jerking it fast until he has to wash come off the shower wall. He comes with his tongue out. His grin is gleeful and he feels a thousand times more relaxed when he steps out into the cold.
“No, Cas, no, no, no,” He says, frantic. He runs his hands through his hair. Castiel reaches out and touches Sam’s shoulder. Sam squeezes his eyes shut, “Castiel, no.”
"'Course I do."
Dean moves closer. He takes a deep breath. He needs him. Castiel needs him.
"You'da been, what, fifteen when you got the first one?" Dean calculates.
Adra sighs. "I would like to meet these Winchesters before you spend the night with them."
Dean puts his hands up, and shuffles on his knees towards the trapdoor.
"Sam," Cas closes his his journal and gestures for Sam to sit beside him. "Your friend went to get your Christmas present." Sam takes the seat next to him.
Dean hardly breathes. His blood goes cold.
"I didn't realize-- Thank you." Cas says, sincere. He reaches out tentatively, his hands ghosting over both the gifts before choosing the one from Sam. Dean's got no idea what it is. Something soft, seeing how poorly it's been wrapped. It squishes as Cas grabs onto it. Dean finds himself leaning closer to Cas, watching closely as he takes the paper of one piece of tape at a time. His hands are very square and very careful, he makes a project of unwrapping his gift.
Dean right now is sprawled over Cas’ bed, his shirt discarded somewhere (false, it’s halfway under Cas’ bed, right next to where Cas carved his own name, and Cas knows because Dean stripped it off as soon as they got into the room.) flipping idly through Samandriel’s copy of Slaughterhouse Five. Cas sits cross-legged at Dean’s knee, his thumb rubbing circles on the back of Dean’s thigh.
“Then make the damn call,” Jo says. Not for the first time, Dean realizes how much he loves Jo Harvelle. The secretary types something into her computer and dials a number. There’s a short conversation, and the secretary asks Ellen a couple questions. Dean hears Ellen swear from where he’s standing. He chuckles. Then the anxiety settles back into his stomach.
"Can Cas help me?" Sam swivels around from Dean to Cas, who's petting the cat calmly. Gabe is rumbling. Jess is looking like she has a zillion questions she can't ask.
“Hey Dad.” Dean's voice is quiet, trying not to disturb John as he scrubs his face with his hands. There's a grunt in response. Dean looks over to his little brother, the corners of his mouth twitching up. “How was work?” John works full time as a mechanic across town, one of the better jobs he's gotten in the past few years.
”Yes, I am--” Cas is interrupted by Dean shoving a forkful directly into his open mouth. Cas freezes. His lips close around the fork slowly. Dean feels the fork steady as Cas swallows.
Dean thinks. It reminds him of a few summers ago, when they were up in New England and Sam would drag him into this little used book store every day, sometimes just to smell the pages. Dean called him a freak more than once.
“Maybe because you've conditioned us not to whine about anything, while you're fucking around feeling sorry for yourself!”
Dean scoots next to Castiel, leaning back on the bed frame. He folds his hands in his lap, patient. There are freckles spattered across Dean’s nose, Cas notices for the first time. Dozens of freckles. Castiel has the inane desire to count them all.
He thinks. There’s something buzzing in Dean’s chest that’s ready to get out. “Hey Cas, can I… Talk t’you about something?”
Sam picks up Gabe, who starts rumbling even louder.
”I know that’s not true, c’mon.”
"Cas, don't-- Don't be like that." Silence. "I mean. Smart as you are, you still have a lot to learn, is all. Wait, shit, no." Dean stumbles over himself. Cas wheezes a small chuckle, in spite of himself, but he still says nothing. Dean dismisses his passenger for the remainder of the drive.
He makes sure to blow on each bite, and even though it doesn’t taste quite as rich with his burnt taste buds, it’s still the absolute best thing he’s eaten in a long time.
As it turns out, he gets through it better than Sam, who leans back and starts snoring as the action scenes are drawing to a close.
"Oh," Sam's cheeks burn. He totally forgot! "Uh, yeah, let me check." Coffee still in hand, Sam hops back to his room and scrambles around for his phone. He's got a text from Jess, his heart flutters as he reads it.
”Charlie.” Jo says, “You’re gonna drive down to visit her on the eighth.”
“Adra tells me you’re one of Castiel’s friends,” The woman says, smiling a tight, sad smile. Dean takes a deep breath. The woman doesn’t let go of his hand. He wants to pull away. Her eyes are wide, but not piercing the way Adra’s are.
Cas doesn’t say anything.
"Alright, fine." Jo blows a tuft of hair out of her eyes. Dean goes back to the kitchen. He knows their argument is far from over, but that's enough for now.
Dean can’t finish his sentence, so he shoves, hard. John falls backward, grabbing for the coffee table as he goes. His beer spills, sticky and carbonated all over the floor.
The end of the road comes up with a clearing overlooking the light of the city miles away. Even in the fading sunlight, Dean can see the skyscrapers silhouetted, against the horizon.
The room feels ten degrees too hot.
Dean strips off Cas’ underwear, revealing his straining erection to the lamplight. Cas tilts his head up and catches Dean’s eyes, which have blown dark. Dean licks his lips. He blinks.
like he wants to.
”Alright, shoot.” Dean gestures for Cas to go on.
"You know," he's got a grin that makes Dean want to strangle him, "I really should have my room cleaned before Jess gets here."
The kitchen lights are fading in the evening, and the chandelier giving off fluorescent light is up up up high. Adra and Dean both mirror’s Cas’ small steps into the kitchen, holding an elbow out for him should he need it.
”Biblically, angels have no need for sleep. They do nothing but sing praises to the Lord our God.”
Castiel, a little whisper of a kid, sitting on a bed with a boy who has curling, golden hair. Both of them are full-body laughing. Gabriel. Dean recognizes him from the photo Castiel showed him all those weeks ago. But even without that, Dean would know. He has a glint in his eyes that Dean recognizes. Dean smiles, in spite of the weight on his chest.
“Pear blossoms, for friendship,” Cas explains, eyes fluttering at the soft kisses. Dean traces the flowers with his finger. “For Sam. Jo. Ash.”
"I don't see how that's relevant. I am asking you if you remember anything."
”I am sorry, Father.”
"Uh, what's up?"
Boys, that's really gay.
”No, really?” Dean serves his sarcasm with a smile. If Cas had more energy, he would glare.
“Forget-me-nots. True love.”
“Leave ‘em,” Dean says.
Charlie, in a "Bah Humbug!" hat, kisses Gilda, in a springy Christmas tree headband, on the cheek. Charlie's smiling into the kiss, and Gilda's turning pink.
"It's very... Unique." Castiel manages, looking Sam up and down. The sweater swims on him, like it was made for an adult rather than a young teenager.
"That's somethin' else, man."
"I know, seriously."
Outside, the cold makes Sam's glasses fog up. He inhales sharply, tucking half his face under his scarf to keep it from the wind.
Usually, waking up on Friday morning is a million times easier than any other day of the week. It would be still, if Dean got a decent night sleep. He rubs sleep crush from his eyes. His phone has three messages waiting for him, one for Cas and two from Jace, a girl in his Shop class.
”We did Lord of the Rings last time, how about Star Trek?”
It doesn’t take long after that, with Dean working Cas’ dick with his hands and his mouth. God, his mouth, Castiel never dreamed Dean’s mouth could feel that good around his cock, humming and sucking and fucking. Dean is beautiful, through Cas’ rolling eyes, cheeks hollow around him, and Castiel is coming, floating off the bed and away from the lamplight, bucking into Dean’s throat.
“Boy,” Bobby says, uncharacteristically soft, staring into Dean’s eyes, “If you need anythin’...” He shifts, like he’s not used to this kind of emotion.
“I just…” He shouldn’t do this. “God should love his people, yeah, but he doesn’t. That’s the age-old riddle, innit? He’s so powerful and loving, but kids still get cancer. Cops shoot innocent people. You know, Voltaire has this whole essay on like, if God knows and he just doesn’t care, then we can’t call him benevolent, can we?” Shut up, Winchester, keep your God damned mouth shut. “He’s just some omnipotent asshole. I really don’t think the moral is that God
Cas perks up, straightening himself.
"Dean." Adra interrupts him. "Yes, Castiel is doing fine. You do not need to worry." There's a pause, like she's leaning the phone away for a minute. "It is just a routine check-up, he has those from time to time. The doctor said he's doing well."
Dean makes a beeline for the kitchen and yanks open a cabinet.
“Uh, what is it?” Dean asks, his throat a pinhole. Adra takes a deep breath.
“He'll be fine.” Dean really doesn't want to get into it now. Neither of them do.
The pouch doesn’t make a sound, but Dean feels it through the leather. A text. From Cas, no doubt.
Dean has never wanted to be called
"That was not my intention." Cas admits, picking the pot up off the floor.
Before the mouth of the room there stretches a long hallway with red carpet. The lights are dim but not dark, and a gentle piano music plays from a sound system somewhere. Castiel is there. Castiel is in there. Dean wants to vomit. He wants a cigarette. He wants Castiel. Another man in a suit comes up to them. He has oval glasses and a face free of wrinkles, save for a sharp crease between his brows. He gives her a half-smile at Adra and shakes her free hand.
Castiel puts his arm back on the table. Dean’s hand covers his once again.
he wants to beg the boy, even though he only expects and insult to come from him. The silence is awful.
”Don’t you listen to like, anything Mrs. Leonard says?” Jo scolds him through a mouthful of cake.
“Oh, darling,” Castiel breathes onto Dean’s neck and it sounds so sad. Like Cas isn’t the one dying. Dean squeezes him and hums, swaying Castiel until he relaxes against Dean’s chest, his breath coming in slow and even.
”Dean?” Sam’s voice is muffled from across the house, probably somewhere in the kitchen. “Are you ready yet? It’s after six forty-five!”
"Did you know the author wrote it when she was just sixteen?" Castiel asks. Dean unlocks the trunk, and they drop their bags. Sam tucks his book under his shirt.
"Thanks, Dean!" Dean thinks he couldn't have done much better.
He hardly registers it when a camera flashes a couple feet away.
“She sounds way out of your league, bro. But you should talk to her about art 'n stuff.” Dean ruffles Sam's hair.
”Oh, well, carry on, then.” Cas takes a seat as Dean pushes the chair in. They smile at one another, once Dean takes his seat across the table.
Castiel dog-ears his page and studies the boy: they're in the same grade, Castiel has seen him around before. The boy's hands are behind his head, and his eyes are closed. Everything about him positively screams of arrogance, from his posture to the half-cocked smile resting on his lips. Something about the boy churn's Castiel's stomach. He tries not to let his watchful eye devolve into a glare. They stay like this for a long stretch of time, Castiel watching the boy, with only one of them aware of what's evening happening.
”Sam, there is no way in
“They are mine,” Castiel chokes through his tears. Adra leaves her dinner and crashes into him. Leftover pain stings Cas’s chest and his hands. He grips tighter, squeezing her wing-like shoulders, burying his face in her chest. She smells of spices and sweet soap. Nutmeg. She is his, too. He wants to apologize for not realizing it. He goes to speak but his mouth is gummy and pressed into her shoulder.
”Alright, boys, settle down,” Ellen says, giving them all her best mom-look. Castiel is the only one who bristles, the other two just settle down. Dean gives Cas a look. Cas nods.
and then
Adra scratches under Gabe’s chin, and a purr begins to rumble in Gabe’s belly. The sound is swallowed in the big, gaping room.
When their spoons are scraping the bottom of their bowls, they both look back up. Cas lets out a heavy belch.
Out in Eden, Castiel kicks some of the fallen leaves off the stone pathway. Everything smells raw, like it's waiting for the rain. Castiel eats his banana in haste, eager to get the garden ready for the storm. The air smells thick, even in the spidery cold. Castiel glances back at Adra through the glass doors; she looks away, back down to her papers.
______________
EDITED 1 AUGUST 2014
Everything is burning hot and Cas’ blood is freezing cold in his mouth. His throat burns, retching mouthfuls into the toilet. The floor of the stall smells like moldy burgers and shit. Castiel’s eyes never turn puffy or red when he cries. He shakes against the toilet bowl, sweating and swearing.
when his were light enough to walk on water.
... and…
He starts to thrash. Cold, cold, cold.
The testing of his bridge only takes a minute or two. As he returns to his seat, he decides to get a kick start on effectively wasting time.
"Castiel?" Sam starts to form another question, but Dean keeps talking.
To his own surprise, Castiel laughs. His laugh is swallowed by a hacking cough, though, and he spits into the closest trashcan. When he stands back up, Dean looks very sad. He puts the shot glasses down on the counter, and pours them both full of glistening white vinegar.
Dean bows a big dramatic bow, and his classmates laugh and clap politely.
"Look, Cas, I know you don't sleep, but that's no reason to wake the whole damn neighbourhood."
They don’t say a whole lot more for the rest of the meal. It helps that the tournament worked up their appetites. After they go up to pay, Ruby follows them out for a smoke break.
Cas stares at the screen. Typing out his reply is painfully slow, his hands not quite getting their feeling back.
“That was Dean,” Castiel says. Adra stops cooking, her shoulders tensing under her shirt. She turns the heat down and looks at Castiel.
“No,” Castiel answers. He looks at Dean quizzically, not understanding why Dean would ask about the status of his transportation.
John stills. Then he rages.
”I do not understand how watching a movie would revoke Dean’s…” The idea is lost on him, he doesn’t even finish his thought. Dean sighs, turning towards him. He’s standing very close.
It’s an old envelope that’s been creased at least a dozen times, with his name is scrawled across it. He takes it, looking from Jo to her mother.
Dean blinks.
He chuckles. The rubric in front of him has a list of vocabulary words from each chapter. Before he knows it, he's staring down at his phone screen again.
Dean smiles broadly at Cas, faltering a little when he notices Adra standing next to him.
“Hi,” He says, blinking in the church’s pale light. A couple people murmur back, and it ripples through the building, “Uh, I’m Sam. Castiel was… like a brother to me, too. He loved writing. I tried to write something of my own to honor that, but I’m not… I’m not as eloquent as he was, not by a long shot. So, I figured I’d read something somebody else wrote instead.” He clears his throat and swallows, “He liked reading, too. This is The Fish, by Rupert Brooke.” Dean gasps a small gasp. That blue book is from a lifetime ago. That was the one he picked up from Bobby’s, right before that thunderstorm. When he texted Cas for the first time. Dean remembers the pull of the book, it’s old blue cover. Castiel, so new to him then, intriguing in the same way. Sam reads the poem, and when it’s done he closes the book and looks out to the audience. So much has changed since that first day. Sam smiles a quick, wet smile, and steps away.
The movie plays. Dean and Cas’ legs are touching from him to knee and Dean doesn’t feel nearly close enough. he watches the movie idly, every once in a while leaning over to make a quip in Cas’ ear. When it comes time for Broody McHotness Edward and Cardboard Lady Bella to begin their torrid love affair, Dean can feel Sam inching forward on his half of the couch.
Dean takes a deep breath. The air tastes like dirt. The heat of the battle rages on around him. Dean steadies himself into a squat. Charlie’s still going with the sword. Dean’s back throbs. A perfect rhythm. Whack, throb. Whack, throb.
"Take care."
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says softly, grinning anyway.
“Is everything okay?” She asks slowly, not blinking as she scans Cas’ face.
And Dean is ripped awake, a cold sweat staining his back. Everything is dark. He is more than painfully hard, and there is one word on his mind.
and takes a seat.
Well.
He pauses before hitting send, thumb hovering over the keyboard. He's not sure if it's the booze or Castiel himself, but Dean isn't sure what to say next.
”What?” Dean moves, shrugging Cas off his shoulder. “No way, not even Jo can handle that.”
"Hey Sammy," Dean's voice is particularly snivelly, cutting through Sam's happy fog with an irksome tingle down his spine. Sam half-turns to his brother to tell him to buzz off. But Dean is smiling like he knows something, a particularly prime secret. Dean points to a spot just above Sam's head. Sam looks up over the top of his glasses: a spidery green plant with white baubles is hanging from the ceiling, stuck on with an inordinate amount of masking tape.
Dean thinks as he inhales. The car is still strong with the smell of sex. Dean leans over and pops the door open anyway, hoping Cas won't notice. The rush of cold air is pleasant.
If Castiel has children, he thinks, he would like them to be like this song. Carefree, unafraid of rain.
He leans closer to Cas, so he can whisper better. Has Cas always smelled this good?
"Oh man, Charlie's gonna love hearing about this one," Dean says, reaching over to ruffle Sam's hair, but Sam leans away. "Thanks, man."
"I mean, shit's probably terrible for you anyway, right?"
”Son of a bitch, Ruby.”
”Since you guys are talking, you ready for the next course?” Sam asks, balancing a couple plates on his arm.
Warnings: insomnia, illness/coughing fits, brief discussion of death
"Castiel?" Adra calls from out in the kitchen. "Are you alright?"
"There was this one time, when I was at my mom's house--" She stops short, bolting up from the bed. "Wait!" She looks around the room like it's on fire. "I forgot your present!" Sam doesn't have time to ask her what she's talking about before she runs out.
“He’ll be fine,” he echoes anyway.
”Yes.” Cas insists again. He coughs once more.
”Cas, hey, buddy.” Is it Dean’s voice, pleasantly soft on Cas’ ears. And then Cas is being jostled, hoisted so he is sitting up. There is a hand on his back. “Let’s get this coat off or you’ll overheat, alright?”
Jim asks if anyone would like to say a few words about the departed. Dean clenches his fist in his lap, moves to stand. But Jo gets there first, her eyes steeling and her shoulders taut. Jim moves aside and she stands at the podium for a minute, gripping it with both hands.
"Seriously, Dean?" Sam rolls his eyes. "Don't act like such a caveman when Jess gets here--" Dean perks up, swivelling his body to face Sam better.
Charlie's letter, he's in the process of replying to, crinkles when he lays on it. Cursing, he sits back up and smooths the pages out. His reply is nearly three pages front and back of his scrawled handwriting. He sets the letter and the reply off to the side, grabbing his phone instead. A call incoming, from Jace.
"If he lasts. I heard it was gonna storm again." Sam's voice goes up a few pitches.
“Okay, okay.” Ellen says, “I think we’ve spoiled Jo enough.” She fishes a cigarette out of her pocket and tucks it behind her ear. Jo’s shoulders drop. Castiel hadn’t realized they were so tight. Oops. “This is cause for celebration! Burgers and fries, on me!”
The front door slams opens with a bang.
”It is… My truth.”
His mother watches him carefully as he reaches across the counter to grab a mini tomato from the basket. It's the reddest of the bunch, with a couple drops of water glistening off it's skin. He takes it in hand and bites it clean in half, chewing thoughtfully. Some of the juice drips down the side of his mouth; he wipes it off with the back of his sleeve.
”Well it’s good to have you back!” Ash insists, slapping Cas in the shoulder. Castiel smiles on one side of his mouth. Jo tears open a bag of chips.
before." Sam gnashes his teeth. "But Cas is here, man, you think he wants to see you like this? What the hell are you doing? And
Sam shrugs and shrinks a little in his seat.
”Cas wanted some extra help.” Sam explains, not looking up from the stovetop.
“Can I hug you?” Cas asks.
”So, Dean,” Cas starts, moving some clothes off of Dean’s bed before taking a seat. “Did you have a good birthday?”
He taps his pen against his chin in a rhythm, like the steady pulse through his veins. Eventually, the pen lands itself between his lips and he bites the end to keep it from falling. Without thinking, he sucks lightly on the end of the pen and inhales, expecting his mouth to fill with smoke. Instead of the nicotine tang, he's greeted with cheap plastic and a violent cough.
Inside, Sam flexes him fingers, eternally grateful for the warmth. His friends and him all cluster by the art room. Sam pauses to admire all the artwork tacked up on the wall outside the room; Jess' name is on at least two. The art room itself smells like paint and clay, among a dozen other scents Sam doesn't know enough about to identify.
There’s a crackle of silence. Someone in the background shouts and dissolves into laughter.
"Who you textin', boy?" Bobby asks. Dean only shrugs.
Behind them, a door squeaks.
The two large windows in his room are tilted, facing up to the stars. They latch in the middle, although it's been years since they've been locked. The glow of the moon is warm through the glass, despite the chill of the air outside. Castiel strips off his shirt and folds it neatly on the bed. Slowly, like in a trance, he steps forward to bathe himself in the pale light. His skin is hot, as it would have been if he'd just awoke from under blankets. The light gleams on his pale skin, and he feels like he shines along with it. The shadows that cascade around him are a comfort: a simple proof that he is, in fact, there at all.
(Useless moose facts courtesy of http://cutemoose.net/moose_facts.htm)
Someone is touching him. They are warm. Something else smells very good, through Cas’ stuffed nose.
"Good afternoon." Cas continues to stand, wary of all the junk littered across the floor. Dean notices and, shutting the laptop, he stands too.
The stop sign leading out away from Bobby's house has 'Hamer Time' in white spray paint on it. They can barely see it through the rain, but they know what it says. Dean eases his foot onto the break, remembering his phone squished under his thigh.
They don't say another word all class.
”Just my luck, ain’t it?
“I've got shit to take care of.” Castiel just stares. "Gotta deal with my kid brother." Dean offers. Castiel doesn't press further, although Dean can tell he wants to. Dean doesn't know why he mentioned Sam in the first place.
"Cas." Sam stammers out. He squeezes his eyes shut before he can talk again. The world feels like it's been tilted on a very precarious axis. "How, uh, how long do you have?" Sam asks, turning his attention back on Castiel. His heart is trying to squeeze it's way out of his throat. He racks his brains for everything he knows on the illness: not a lot comes up.
"I'm sorry." Castiel mutters just before they reach the door. Adra stiffens. Cas rings the doorbell.
"What did you wanna say?"
Cas looks down at his bare torso:
"Here," Dean keeps his voice at a whisper, squinting when he reaches out to Cas, "lemme help." Cas looks at him, tilting his head to the side.
”Cas!” Sam says, popping up after digging through one of the lower cabinets.
”Yes, Dean, really.” He bites, feeling his lip curl. “The last time I got a cold I had to stay out of school for half of the semester.” The words leave something sour in Cas’ mouth that he tries to swallow.
the next street sign reads.
Thank you Binta for the sensitivity read!
“Damn place lost power after an hour,” Dad gripes, more to himself than Dean, “Came back on after a while, 'course, but we couldn't get nearly enough...” he mumbles some more that Dean doesn't catch. John raises his empty hand to his lips, pulling back and inspecting it once he realizes there's no beer there.
“Boy--”
”I didn’t say you could read my texts!”
"I could be damn great at it, Mom!"
"That's my point exactly!" Kevin huffs. He offers Sam a pretzel, who takes one reluctantly.
"Damn dog," Bobby mutters. Dean helps him lift the bookshelf back up; a few books topple off anyway.
scrawled across it flutters out. He catches it between his fingers, pressing it back into the front cover of the book. For the life of him, Castiel can't remember when he wrote it.
"Sam, I didn't mean to--"
Dean doesn't get to finish his thought; the teacher comes back and hands him a stack of papers with Castiel's name scribbled across the top. He thanks her, circling around the room a couple times before sitting back in his seat. The stack of papers makes itself comfortable on Dean's desk, he tosses his copy of Frankenstein down next to it. For once in his life, Dean actually wants to do his schoolwork.
is still stamped onto one of the Saturdays of the previous month.
“I was gonna come back,” Bobby says immediately, crossing his arms over his chest, “I spilled somethin’ on my shirt. Didn’t want them to think I was a slob.” Dean blinks, stares at his uncle until it clicks.
Sam is in charge of preparing the chicken, while Dean is in charge of napping. Some birds twitter around outside the back window, rousing Dean from his sleep. He tosses off the blanket that he doesn't remember falling asleep under. There's a noticeable lack of orange fur on the blanket, as well as everywhere else. Dean's foot hits the coffee table when he swings it to stand up, coins spilling everywhere.
”Anyways,” Ruby clears her throat, bringing Dean back to the present. “I’ll get your usual orders on the grill and then Charlie, you can tell me all about this nice young lady of yours.” Her ponytail swishes behind her as she does.
"I'm spiting my mother." Before Sam can ask what on earth that means, the school bell chimes seven times. The door behind Sam unlocks automatically with a click. "Oh, thank God." Kevin pushes past Sam and into the warm building. Sam glances back to the parking lot just in time to see a bus pull up to the side of the building.
Dean rolls his eyes.
"I don't see why this brings you so much joy. Why can't Castiel wear it, since he's gonna be here?"
Castiel wants his throat to close up again, just so he can shut his eyes. But it doesn't. Dean only stands in front of him. Castiel can't look away; Dean's eyes are green. The room gets about ten degrees warmer. Castiel drops his gaze, until he realizes that he's at eye-level with Dean's parted lips. He looks back up. Silence.
Cas feels it burning on the inside of his lips, the desire to lean over and press himself against Dean's skin. His hand on Cas' shoulder is warm, so very warm, and Cas feels it all the way through his body. The thought surprises him, his heart starting to pound once again. Dean's grip on his shoulder tightens.
To compensate, he downs a large mouthful of cocoa and cracks the worn spine of the book. The book seems to hold a light of it's own, that only glows brighter when he runs his fingertips over the page. He loses himself in the words for hours.
(See the end of the chapter for
”Giving me a gift, Ash? Is there something you’re trying to say?” Castiel jests, but he’s cut off by a small cough.
"Yeah," Sam nods. "Wait, you stole Mister Fluff?" Dean snorts. "Whatever, how is this relevant?" Dean's face is stone. It's then that Sam realizes Cas, hands jammed into his pockets, has yet to say a word.
”Not so little any more, he’s startin’ high school next fall, and I think he’s almost taller than me.”
Glancing into Dean's room as they pass by, Sam makes eye contact with Cas for a split second, shooting him a smile. Cas looks up from the journal he's scribbling away in just long enough to smile back.
”Alright,” Charlie pushes herself up. Dean feels his stomach flip. “We need to get ready for battle!” Dean shoves his face into the pillow and groans. “No, get up!” Dean doesn’t move. Charlie shifts her tone. “Up, handmaiden!”
The boys are drenched by the time they get to the car. Dean drops his phone into his lap, feeling it vibrate against his leg, as the engine hums to life. The radio goes up louder than the pounding rain. Even with the windshield wipers at full blast, he has trouble seeing.
“Yes. Yes, Cas, I can do that,” Sam says. He pushes his glasses up. Castiel coughs. Castiel turns to the fountain. He plucks a stray leaf out and tosses it away. The water is cool on his fingers.
”Cas, do you want something to eat?” Dean’s voice is very gentle. Castiel tries to swallow to answer. His tongue, his discovers, is painfully dry. He takes a deep breath. His lungs feel heavy where they meet his ribs.
Her fingers twine through Cas’ hair, petting front to back. Instead of speaking, Cas blubbers until he shakes. Heat pools off his mother’s body and into him. He tucks an ear onto her chest and listens to her heartbeat through his shaky sobs.
Dean really, really can't find it in himself to care. It crosses his mind that he could just leave, go out to the Impala and crank the tape player up as loud as it can go. But, no, he can't. He sighs and slumps back into his seat, trying hard not to think at all.
”Many churches today will try to tell you to love the sinner and hate their sins. But that is not what God would want for them, no. You can not love someone until you accept them entirely, for all their differences and all their faults. The other day, a beloved friend of mine came to me and told me that she is getting married.” A few ‘aww’s ripple through the crowd. “She asked me if I would be the one to bless their union, and I agreed right out. But she still seemed afraid, like there was something else.” Sam feels Castiel tense beside him. “She told me her partner was a woman.” A murmur goes through the crowd. “And I told her,” he pauses, giving a smile to the same place, just to the left of Sam. To Castiel. “I told her the same thing I tell everyone before their wedding. That love is very brave. That loving someone, even in time like these that may seem very dark, that is what makes us more than human. That is where God is. God is love, and love can be the beacon that guides us through life, no matter who or what is at the end of it, be it man, woman, or otherwise. And love can never be wrong.”
“Call Ellen,” Jo tells the principal, “Uh, my mother, Ellen Harvelle, she’s on their contact list, too,” Jo jerks her head towards Dean and Ash, “If she gives us permission, can we go?” The principal takes minute to deliberate. He pinches the bridge of his nose.
"Yeah, I know who she is." John sniffs dismissively, "Congrats."
At this point, enough students have rolled in that the teacher begins handing out rubrics for the project they have to work on. Castiel is nearly finished with his miniature bridge, he only needs to make sure it can hold weight.
But he never stood out long enough
Sam feels like he’s missing something. Castiel looks his way with very sad eyes. He wishes Dean were here, he would understand.
His eyes swim with color. Fuck. Pain.
Sam's school is all but empty when Dean turns into the parking lot. Sam tucks his scarf up again, pushing is glasses up to his forehead for the time being. Dean waits until Sam is by the front steps to drive away. The concrete sends shivers up through Sam's many layers of clothing. He takes a seat, sighing, not wanting to risk his hands being frozen off in order to read.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Castiel,” Adra says, reaching forward to touch her son’s shoulder. Castiel blinks. The heart monitor picks up as he sweeps his eyes over his guests. He smiles a crooked smile.
He opens his copy of
"That's a no, Jo!" Ellen snaps. She drops her fork, it's bent slightly.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to cry, I just--” Sam starts.
“Get out.” Castiel says.
. You're hopeless." Dean sighs dramatically.
"Yes, his mother contacted me today, said he'll be out for a while. Let me get some papers together." She leaves Dean standing at her desk, his heart squeezing uncomfortably. He shifts on his feet, thinking back to the week before: he'd lost count of how many times Cas had left to do... Whatever health things he needed to do. Maybe Cas had been lying, that his behavior wasn't normal? Maybe he was--
Warning; Mentions of masturbation/pensises
"Dean?"
It doesn't take long before he's lost in the book. A few of the poems he has to read twice, just to get the tone right. Absently, he runs his thumb down the page while he reads. The storm has dwindled into a heavy rain, beating on the roof. Dean relaxes into the sound, letting the rain carry him right through the poems. Something stirs in his chest.
Each chapter will switch points of view, usually between Dean and Cas. Sam has interludes.
Castiel affirms. Dean shrugs.
The look Sam’s giving him now is the polar opposite of the one he gave last week: now he’s worrying a hole in his lip, furrowing his eyebrows in concern.
Cas’ heart all but stops in his throat when the telltale scraping of ladder over wood floor comes through the trapdoor. After a few swears, Dean sticks his head through. A huge sigh escapes Castiel. He deposits his book on the nightstand.
While his stomach settles, he puts the fries in the toaster oven and waits. Dean usually puts leftovers in Tupperware, on the rare occasion they actually have anything leftover. And Sam knows he told Dean to put the fries away before they bolted on Sunday night. Sam sighs. Whatever. It’s food and it isn’t spoiled, that’s good enough for now.
”Yeah. Yeah, I know, but--” Dean stops. “Hang on, where’s Gabe?”
Dean wants a cigarette. He’s never wanted a cigarette more in his life. He doesn’t have to go in for another fifteen minutes. If Sammy hops out, he can get to the Exxon and back and no one would have to know. Dean sighs. He bangs his fist against the steering wheel. A promise is a promise. God damn it. Adra’s car door slams closed. Dean swears. Fine. Fine. He pulls his key out of the ignition. Sammy slides out of the passenger seat. Dean tugs on his shirt collar, and leaves the car.
Cas looks startled and frankly offended. “Quite the contrary, Dean.” He insists, “It reminds me of writing stories with Alfie.”
“Is it done yet?” Comes a hoarse voice from the other room. Fuck. John sways as he stands up, rubbing a thick hand over his stubbly chin,“I didn’t think it took all fucking year to cook french fries,” he says, glaring at Dean.
"Oh! My apologies, Dean." Cas scrambles up, eyes wide. Through his sleepy daze, Dean laughs. He checks his watch: nearly 4:30 in the morning.
they are different from you. Recognizing that your friends and neighbors are of a different color, or creed, or lifestyle, this is important. This is fundamental.” His eyes stop scanning when they reach a little to the left of Sam.
"Man, I miss bein' out in the country," Dean says after a long few minutes of silence. "Charlie's hometown in Lawrence, you can go anywhere, and I mean anywhere, look up and see so many stars. It's ridiculous."
Dean shuts his eyes. Jace is heavy on top of him, but he doesn't care. Everything feels
”Dean, I…” He does not know what to say. The dark is close enough to taste. He heaves once more.
After Dean actually starts helping out, it doesn't take long for them to get their lunch all set. Chicken, salad, and some microwaved mashed potatoes all set in a lopsided triangle on the table. The boys are still in their pajamas. Sam decides to dress up the kitchen a bit, digging an old tablecloth out of the closet and smoothing it out.
Dean is about to knock on the door when Bobby pulls it open and startles. His hair is combed again, and he’s in a nice white shirt that Dean hasn’t seen before.
Sam is pretty sure he didn't say any of that out loud, but maybe he didn't need to.
”You are always nice.”
”Jesus fuck,” he splutters, spitting a mouthful of vinegar into the sink. He waves his hand around as if he’s trying to find something solid to hold onto. Castiel steps forward; Dean grips his shoulder.
It's better than nothing, he supposes.
"Hello, Dean." Dean puts the car in park.
"Adra's kid?" Bobby asks. Dean shrugs. "He's got dark hair? Talks real formal?"
It’s a warm night. A couple of insects are already buzzing around, and there are weeds growing next to the piles of dirty, gray snow that hasn’t melted yet. Dean can hear Cas’ breathing next to him as they walk.
“Yes, dear?” Adra says.
“Yes, I did. Do you know how to play?”
”Take care of yourself better.” It is an order.
Castiel’s face softens, growing even pinker.
"Thought he was staying with Bobby?"
And then John Winchester stumbles in.
”Of course, Dean,” Cas says, although Dean knows he doesn’t really get it.
After a particularly touching passage, Jim steps up to the microphone.
All Cas does is nod. But when he takes his next bite, he stops and licks his lips in a very slow circle.
"The drive started at six. They wanted an early start, you know how hospitals are always short on blood."
"It's nice to meet you, Miss Novak." They shake hands. Castiel's heart pounds harder.
Her hair swishes behind her as she goes down the stairs.
"So, there's going to be a storm?" He asks, trying again.
"Sammy, come on," Dean sighs, readjusting his Santa hat and cigarette. "Put that thing away." Castiel looks down, not able to stand the pout on Sam's face. He picks at a spot of ash on his coat. The chorus of Silent Night seems to drag on forever.
“Uh. Do you, do you want to?” He asks, looking from Cas to wherever he threw his bag.
“I understand.”
TW for talks of death and mortality
"Welcome to Eden," Cas says, holding the door open for Dean. As if on cue, the leaves halt their rustling so Dean can step out.
"You said he was sick, I figure he's got one of his week-long check ups. Used to have them all the time, Adra said." Bobby twitches a smile at Dean, "He's gotten a lot better, though. No need to worry."
There’s a breeze wafting through the tent, making the sweat-slick hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up. The map on the table in front of him as been changed since he last saw it; he has to readjust. There’s a path through the Dark Forest that leads to the Fairy Realm that hadn’t been there before, and the Warriors of Yesteryear were moved closer to the front of the park. The princess of the Fairies, Lady Gilda, is known to join forces with Queen Charlie and the rest of Moondoor in battle, although the rest of the Fairfolk do as they please.
The Singer auto shop is a rusted out black hole where cars go to rot. Dean circles the two-story blue house, pulling around to the backyard, where the junkers sit and collect dust. Dean pulls up near the back door, turns off his headlights.  The rain hasn’t reached here yet, although it’s close, judging by the the sky blanketed in grey.
”Was it the cancer, then?” Dean asks. Castiel shakes his head.
Cas almost grabs his inhaler by mistake.
Dean.
“I was thirteen.” Castiel explains. He takes a deep breath, one that doesn’t quite reach the bottom of his lungs. “This was the first time I ever disobeyed.” Dean takes the photo from him. The light dances across the ring on his finger.
Cas flips one of the photos over: it’s grainy, like it was taken with a cell phone camera in the dark; A page in a sketchbook, covered in muted shades of brown and blue and red. A young girl with bright red hair, beside a younger boy with a sad, sunken look in his eyes. They are both smiling. They are both exhausted. Underneath them, a signature: Anna Milton.
The leather notebook that Dean bought falls into Cas' hands, shiny and yet unmarked. Dean's eyes snap up to Cas' face, searching for some kind of reaction. Cas squeezes the journal in his hands, his fingerprints making tiny smudges on the leather cover.
Well, he can deal with a little sweat.
“Castiel was a great… A great guy,” She starts, “We would have lunch together at school, and Ash would have some kind of conspiracy he cooked up over the weekend. Cas would listen for a while and nod, and he’d have a comeback so sharp, Ash would thrown his hands up and admit defeat,” A couple people in the crowd chuckle, “Ash said Cas must’ve stolen his notes, somehow, but I think he was just that smart,” She pauses, shutting her eyes and swallowing hard. “I never had a brother. Thanks to my mom, Ellen, I never needed one. But Cas was… He was pretty fuckin’ close, you know? He was pretty fuckin’ close.” She looks down at the podium, her mouth tilted into something like a smile. After a minute, she steps down. Everyone claps.
Thankfully, he doesn’t have to present the whole essay, which came to a whopping ten pages at the end of it. Dean praises Cas’ ability to make sense of his chicken scratch. He has to give a brief summary and give some quotes. Their title: Love and God.
Gabe mews happily when they walk in the door. Castiel’s chest feels very full, walking into the Winchester’s house. Cas and Dean sneeze at the same time. There is more clutter around the house than Castiel remembers seeing last time.
Taking a large swig of his soda, he checks to see that Sammy's doing okay. He all but forgets his worksheet the next time he gets a text.
"Sorry I took so long, you cat was outside so I let him in." She says. Sam and Cas look at each other. A shiver of
The rest of the procession goes smoothly, Sam thinks. He doesn’t have a lot of experience in that area, anyway. When Castiel and Adra walk up to get the Eucharist, Sam stays behind. He watches them walk down the aisle. Castiel’s posture all but disappears, until he’s nearly swimming in his trenchcoat. The lights make harsh shadows across his body. Sam only has to take one look to understand how small Castiel must feel. He understands, sitting in the empty wooden pew himself.
"I can show you the documentary I found if you don't believe me." Ash insists. A groan rises from the other two. Absently, while reaching for half of a sandwich, Dean leans closer to Castiel.
The car heater rattles full-blast and Sam sings every rendition of the birthday song he can think of before Dean turns into the middle school parking lot.
Castiel has to get up and spit into the sink several times throughout breakfast. Eventually, he excuses himself to the bathroom. The bathroom sink and mirror are both tall and square; they're dirtier than the ones in Castiel's home, but he isn't looking very hard at himself, anyway. The flourescent light is harsh and yellow compared to the sharp sunlight. He clears his throat and coughs, spitting as much mucus as he can into the sink. His lungs rumble and a lot of the debris gets shaken loose.
”You’re really somethin’ else, aren’t you?” Dean asks. Castiel gets the feeling he should not answer.
The fountain, as always, stands in the middle of the garden, water burbling smoothly. He takes a seat on the stone edge, watching the waves lap against the inside. Leaves swirl around in the water, making ripple patterns that expand until they sink. A small gust of wind rustles the tops of the trees. There's a bird or two chattering in the distance. Castiel inhales; it smells vaguely like Christmas pine, but mostly the cold prickles his nose. Flowers that were blooming not a week ago have already begun to brown. The evergreens along the far wall are the main source of color left, at least until spring rolls around.
They finish their hug and Cas’ eyes are wet again. He takes Jo’s free hand.
Castiel follows Sam into a pew. Sam shifts a little on the wooden seat. Cas kneels down, closing his eyes and drawing his eyebrows together. He prays in silence. Sam kneels down, too. He doesn’t pray a word. It’s as if all his words are caught in the lump in his throat.
”Castiel,” Cas corrects automatically. There are three flowers in her hand for him, one pink carnations, one red one, and oh. One rose.
The cold from the Impala's hood seeps under every layer of Sam's clothes. Even with three people crammed onto the car hood, it isn't very warm. Sam is sticking his feet out to dangle over the headlights, Cas has his legs crossed, and Dean, beer in hand, props himself up on his elbows.
“Good for keeping out demons,” Sam says, snorting a little laugh. Castiel blinks.
Silence.
”Is that Dean I hear?” Asks a voice from the kitchen.
"Uh, yeah, sure.”
”Because you have a weak spot for your brother.” He answers, nonchalant.
"No, I'm good, thanks though." Dean chuckles again. "But things have been... Well, things have been."
"No problem at all." He nods slightly towards the book in front of Castiel. "So," he takes the seat across from Castiel, his shoulders dropping just enough for Castiel to register it. "How far have you read?" Castiel answers with a quick summary of the last part he remembers: the scene of Frankenstein's youngest brother's funeral. "Same here." Dean nods. A question bubbles up at the back of Castiel's throat.
Dean’s thumbs hesitate over the tiny keyboard. He types out a message, and deletes it. He types it out again, and deletes it. Then he types it out a third time, and sends it before he can convince himself not to.
Damn it. “Just give me a minute, Sammy!” Dean shouts back, slapping his cheeks lightly.
As they eat, a group of girl traipse around the cafeteria, calling out names and handing out carnations and the occasional rose.
"Nothin'. So, you're going home on Thursday?"
While Dean is fiddling with the DVD player, Castiel goes to get a glass of water. He fills it from the tap and takes a long gulp. His head has started to prickle like he’d had a long cry, but the water sorts it out. A squeaking comes from overhead, then a door opening and closing. Oh, Adra is upstairs. Castiel listens for moment longer, but when there’s no other sound, he stops. Castiel grabs his inhaler off the island, leaving the hospital phone numbers displayed to the empty room.
Castiel doesn’t reply for a few minutes.
Dean blinks.
Dean stares across the room, still prickly and out-of-focus. He can’t see the photos on his mirror, but he knows Charlie and Gilda are smiling at him. He can feel their judgement.
”Make one up, then.”
doesn't tend to make the best first impression.
"Oh boy, you reek!" Jess says. Sam's face heats up and he leans away, tugging on his shirt collar. "Is that all Axe?"
"If you're not gonna eat it, at least wash it off." Sam lectures. Dean drops the tomato back into the salad bowl anyway. His brother plucks it back out and tosses it in the trash.
"Dean," Cas looks over to Dean, the shadows on his face heavy. "Have you ever heard of--"
He remembers the paper from earlier, resting up against his painkillers. He takes both out. Unfolding the paper is a slow process, even though he knows he shouldn't expect any change. The scrawling of blue ink is all the same, revealing to him poem he wrote earlier this morning. The bottom of the page, however, contains green ink in a handwriting he doesn't recognize. A ten-digit phone number, followed by only six words:
"Make yourself at home, Cas." Dean offers. But Cas can't tear his gaze away from Dean's face, the way the muscles in his jaw work when he smiles, and of course, the cigarette resting behind his ear.
Sam changes quickly, trudging out the door behind Brady. The girls are already ready, standing in a gaggle. The boys stand in a haphazard line, some stretching halfheartedly. One kid does jumping jacks. Brady tries to touch his toes.
Bad Fic Bingo is a game the two of them started playing when they were about twelve and just discovering the perils of fanfiction. As they had soon discovered, finding quality fanfic is anything but easy, so they decided to make a game out of it.
“Dean, the fries,” Sam urges.
. Sam slides his on to the coffee table, while Dean drops his in front of the television with a loud clang.
”Yeah?” Dean remembers one of her letters telling him that she beat a guy named Gerry with a broadsword.
“Oh,” Castiel says. Sam is joking. Yes, of course, “Yes, I suppose so.”
"I believe it would be better if I show you." Castiel answers, rising to his feet with a few cracks of his joints. He comes back a minute later with a blue folder in hand. He leafs through it, pulling out a tattered sheet of paper. Sam handles it carefully, like it's made of glass. But when he looks it over...
Eventually, they pull apart. Castiel chases him for another kiss, softly.
Question for my readers: do the texting conversations take away from the story, or do you like them? Let me know! Shoot me a message or a tumblr ask (dragongem.tumblr.com)
“Okay,” Dean says, “Okay.”
Castiel thinks,
"Well," he clears his throat. Dean puts the car in drive, trying to focus on the road and now how deep Cas' voice is. "We usually have Thanksgiving with our pastor, but he was unavailable, and my mother has to work tonight." There's a dirt road ahead that Cas tells him to turn onto. The trees glow gold in the late afternoon sun.
“Mom’s on it,” she says.
“I can never sleep before storms, you know,” she says, taking a gentle sip from her mug.
"Coulda warned a guy."
Only once before can Castiel remember being quite as nervous as he is now: he had been ten, standing in front of his mother and an empty chess board, asking Adra about his father for the first time. Today, he's laying back on his hospital bed, phone in hand. The clock on the wall ticks by, and the television screen above his bed runs through another staticky episode of Full House.
Dean looks up from the menu and over to Cas. Cas’ eyes look a little more sunk than usual, and is that gel making his hair stick up like that? Where on earth did he get hair gel?
”Gerry’s Gilda’s stepbrother.”
“Don’t give me that look, Sammy,” Dean says. He sounds more like John than he’d care to admit.
"Though he was with Bobby?"
”Tell me about it,” Charlie says. She winks at Gilda. Dean rolls his eyes at them. “So Dean, how’s Cas?” Charlie’s eyes glint.
”And so he fell. He had his grace taken from him and he tumbled down to earth. But this didn’t hurt him. No, it did quite the opposite. The angel fell in love with humanity. One human in particular. He was a man, a man who sat down and showed the angel everything that humanity had to offer. All of the laughter, and the love. The way to make choices, even if they are ultimately the wrong ones. He was very special to the angel, until the end of their days. And then, the angel followed the man up to heaven, to welcome him home.”
"Well I see who you love more." Dean taunts to Sam.
“Shut up, Dean. I know you’re going to say I’m sorry for myself, so I’m telling you to shut up now. Dean… Dean. I need you.” Castiel’s eyes are wet. “I need you.”
Oh, if Cas’ chest wasn’t aching before.
"Hello, Dean." Cas says. "This is my mother, Adra. Adra, this is Dean." Dean gives Adra a nod, holding out his hand.
"Cas, what the fuck?" Is the first thing out of Dean's mouth. He's just been awoken by a loud clanging from the kitchen, and rolled over to see Cas apologizing profusely to a dented pot on the floor. Dean squeeze his eyes and tries not to fall back asleep.
