He tangled one hand lightly in Steve's hair. “Well, you know, I'm pretty much never going to say no to a blow job...” Steve suckled on it, and Tony groaned. “God... That, that is so hot, you have no idea...” His cock was filling fast, which shocked the hell out of him. “Seriously, look at what you're doing to me.”
“Wha'? Tony? Why are you calling me at 3:15 in the damn morning?” The video feed showed a very rumpled Rhodey, and behind him the olive drab walls of a military tent. “Um, you do know that it's Tuesday morning, right? You haven't been on an engineering binge for three days straight again, have you?” He peered through the screen at Tony.
“Really?” Tony looked intrigued. “God, we're going to have so many of these moments, aren't we? When I mention something about the current day, and it throws you for a loop. This is fascinating.” He grinned, and the anxiety Steve hadn't even felt building melted away. “So, what other little things have been throwing you off? I know you had a hard time with nobody wearing hats anymore.”
The second picture was very funny (he even thought he caught most of the references), and Clint singing about being a man in tights was frankly hilarious, but the bawdy jokes were quite the opposite of helpful to his general mood... and the tightness of his jeans. He knew he couldn't keep on like this. There was no way he could work effectively with Tony while being so distracted by him, and that meant that he couldn't lead properly either. There was no help for it, he was going to have to make a move. And then, if things went well, maybe he could talk Tony around to trying a relationship. Maybe Pepper would have some advice. (Was that weird, asking someone's ex for advice on how to be in a relationship with them? Steve thought he might be desperate enough not to care.)
of shrugging...) “Guess we'll have to go see. Mmm.. Don't want pants...” He gestured toward the closet. “Rightmost door. Bathrobes. Grab us some?”
Steve obediently turned over, swinging his leg high over Tony's head, and settled back against the pillows, legs spread wide and jock leaking pre-cum all over his stomach. His voice was low, almost hoarse, barely recognizable to himself. “Like this?”
of Tony's pleasure and need. Set four with the paddle was just as hard as set three, and five was harder than that. Six was as hard as Steve felt he could safely make them, and still at the end Tony was begging brokenly. “Please, more, yes, harder, please...”
They spent a little while cleaning up, drinking ridiculous amounts of water, and generally getting back to themselves, then, as
Bruce shrugged in his usual unperturbed way. “I'm a one, maybe one and a half on the Kinsey scale, I didn't feel there was anything to share. I'd be happy to wear an ally shirt if you'd like, though. Incidentally, Thor, on Midgard, most people assume that a man only likes women, and a woman only likes men, and that people want to pair up and have children. That's called heteronormativity.” He flashed a grin at Steve. “And now you've learned another new term.”
He batted his eyelashes. “Very favorite person in the whole wide world? Seriously, though, we do have a major gender imbalance. Is it irresponsible to actively recruit? Hmm, come to think of it, we're pretty damn pale, too, you think Rhodey wants to be an Avenger?” She was starting to scowl, and he was feeling too good to bait her, so he left off. “Anyway, yes, just t-shirts, safe for work and everything, I just didn't want them sent to me for, you know, security reasons. Here, you wanna look?” He tore the tape off the top and pulled open the flaps. Pepper rolled her eyes, but she came around the desk to peek over his shoulder.
Tony nodded enthusiastically. “That's a good plan. I like that plan a lot. Nice relaxed mornings, fighting in the afternoons, parties in the evenings. I think I could live like that.” Steve shifted so he was crouching on the bed, then scooped Tony up in a bridal carry, stood up, and walked across the bed. “Ooh, and being carried everywhere by a hot guy, definitely the best way to live.” Steve hopped off the bed, set Tony on his feet in front of the dresser, and leaned in to kiss him. Tony melted into it. “Mmm, better than coffee...” He straightened up abruptly. “Dammit, Rogers, you're corrupting me! I'm an engineer, we need our coffee, I'll have you know!” He stuck his tongue out at Steve, then turned to dig sweatpants and a t-shirt out of the drawers.
Howard nodded, actually looking a little impressed. “An excellent thought, son. One or two of his own people to watch over him, yes. No more than two, though.” His arm tightened, almost menacingly. “You know, I had been planning to talk to you soon about setting up your own household, within the larger castle household. This is a good first step, just remember that these guards, like all your other… indulgences, will be coming from your own coffers, not the duchy’s. Someone will need to keep an eye on those coffers, and I’m certain we would both rather it was you than me.”
Dinner this week was much more relaxed than last week, especially since Tony claimed the seat next to Steve, and spent the meal pressing his thigh against Steve's, or making excuses to reach across him for things, and 'coincidentally' brush against his pecs or abs. Steve retaliated by resting his hand at the small of Tony's back, occasionally dipping down to goose him or just cup an ass cheek, all without changing his body language or tone of voice. Everyone else clearly knew the game they were playing, but aside from quick knowing smirks or Clint briefly making a face, they played along that nothing was going on. Which, Steve realized, just meant that the tension he was feeling was of a completely different sort. (This kind was
When they got to the workshop, Steve flopped down on the couch in the corner without a word, flipped open his sketchbook, and started in. Tony smiled fondly, though still with some surprise, at the top of his head, then opened the most recent specs on the suit and started a project he never thought he'd be able to, letting it consume his attention. Hmm, ok, start with reinforcing the struts for the arms and legs... add in a few special mods... Yeah, that part was probably going to need more feedback sensors...
Tony shut down his office for the day, picked up the box that had been sitting behind his chair all afternoon, then thought about the conversation he'd had with Pepper, and realized that he really should let Rhodey know what was coming up this week, just to save the poor man a heart attack. “Hey, JARVIS, put me through to Rhodey, would you?” JARVIS acknowledged, and a moment later the line was ringing.
Tony couldn't resist. “Could be worse. If we weren't worried about drones with cameras, we'd probably both be naked right now.” He broke out in a giant grin. Clint made a gagging face to go with the noise, then turned, ducked around Nat, and headed back toward his bedroom.
Clint made a gagging noise behind them. “Oh, God, is this going to be my life now?” Tony broke the kiss and glanced over his shoulder; Clint was standing in the doorway, one hand half over his eyes, Nat peering over his shoulder with a twinkle in her eye. “Walk into random rooms and see the two of you...” He waved his other hand as if words had failed him.
Tony grinned and tucked his hand into the crook of Steve's arm. “I would be delighted, good sir.” They turned toward the elevator, which opened immediately.
They walked out of that exhibit room both nearly glowing with happiness at the connection they were building. Next along the hall there was a sign for an exhibit called “
Steve was already bubbling with happiness, and the absurdity of that made him boil over into laughter. “Yes, because when I think of Tony Stark, I think laid back. Wouldn't want to break that illusion.” He couldn't help it, he had to kiss him. There was so much he wanted to say... No, not yet. Better to keep it light for now. “So, Bucky always told me, if they let you stay the night, make breakfast for 'em the next day. You want breakfast?”
Tony kissed him again, but he was already sliding back into sleep. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony like he was his only lifeline, and fell back to sleep soon after, a deep sleep that was only interrupted when JARVIS pinged. “Good morning, sirs, today is Wednesday, October 3rd, and the time is 8 am exactly. Ms Potts reminds you that you have a stockholder meeting at 11 am.”
Steve levered himself reluctantly to his feet and went to open the proper door. Hanging there were at least half a dozen bathrobes, all of them plush and fluffy, like the waffles this morning had been. He pawed through them til he found the biggest one, a soothing navy blue, and wrapped it around himself, then grabbed one the same red as Iron Man's armor and brought it over to drop on Tony's back. Tony wriggled just enough to get his arms into the sleeves, but otherwise didn't move.
Tony was already shaking his head as Steve started the last set, again a little offset from the others and a little harder, and as soon as the first one landed, he yelped aloud. “No, thank you, no thank you!”
about these fantasies you've had.” Tony opened his mouth to answer, but Steve glided around behind him, slid his hands down Tony's arms, and lifted them back up to the hologram. “
Tony was flooded with a complicated mix of emotions, and decided on the simplest two to focus on- humor and lechery. He leered. “Aw, really? I was so hoping to see you in nothing but an apron and rubber gloves...” He leaned in to slide his tongue into Steve's mouth, and 'accidentally' rub his thigh on Steve's cock, and the kiss got very heated very quickly.
He stepped back and turned toward the nearest viewscreen. “Of course, JARVIS, put her through.” The viewscreen lit up, and he smiled. “Good morning Pepper, what can I do for you?”
Well, that seemed to work, if the filthy grin on Tony's face was anything to go by. “Aw, really? I was so hoping to see you in nothing but an apron and rubber gloves...” And then Tony was kissing him, and they were rubbing against each other, and oh, God, he needed more...
be negative reactions, but there would be more that were positive, and the negativity would blow out like a hurricane making landfall. Really, truly, no one would care that he was “with” a fella, and he put on a burst of speed as his excitement and joy bubbled up again. Screw it, he had every right to be giddy about this date!
the arc reactor? “Hey now.” He started to pull Tony's hand away, but stopped himself before he could apply any force. “Nothing to be ashamed of here.” He needed Tony to see the truth in his eyes, needed to touch him as much as he could. “First of all, I knew it was there, you've had it as long as I've known you. Second, I think it's beautiful. Not just for itself, not just because it's keeping you alive, but because it came from your mind, and I think you might have the most beautiful mind I've ever known. I-” Oh, God, he'd almost said it! It was
Steve wanted it, wanted Tony's mark on him... “Mmm, yeah...” But dammit, he was the one in charge here, he had to be responsible. “Wait, no. You are a very tempting man, Tony Stark, but we both need food, and then I'm pretty sure you have a job to go to.” He saw his reluctance mirrored in Tony's face, but he stiffened his... spine, and took them both downstairs.
But Steve was distracted. “Did... Did he say 'afternoon'?” He took a better look out the window, and realized it really
Bruce realized he was scowling at the chemical-formula-filled notebooks they had retrieved in yesterday’s raid. Some of these notations were symbols he had never seen used in math or chemistry before, and at least a few equations seemed to introduce energy sources he couldn’t identify. All in all, the whole thing had him more frustrated than was safe for the lab, or indeed the building.
Tony let out a strangled groan, and his hips thrust up without his input. “Ohh... Just, being here, like this, kind of a fantasy, really.” He pulled himself together a little. “Um... I, you keep mentioning bruises. I want... Oh, God, I want you to give me bruises, I want to feel your hands on me even when you're not in the room, I-” Just the thought of it had him suddenly so turned on he could barely think.
of a dog that small? And there's no way they're healthy!” He gestured with his sandwich, scattering bits of lettuce all around. “Who even thought they were a good idea?”
He moved his mouth downward, suddenly ravenous for the taste of Steve's cock. He slithered off the bed, kneeling between Steve's feet, one hand still wrapped around the base of the shaft, and slid the head of it through his lips and into his mouth. Steve sat up sharply, with a surprised yelp, but Tony just looked up at him through his lashes, and slid his mouth a little further down. Steve grinned and dropped back onto his elbows, his eyes locked on Tony's face, as Tony closed his eyes and focused (tried to focus. So many thoughts...) on what he was doing.
Rhodey was next to wrap arms around him, pulling away with a kiss to Tony’s forehead and a ruffle of his hair. “At least we get to say good-bye properly this time. Dammit, Tones!” He was weeping openly as he stepped back, and Tony found tears falling from his own eyes too. The Avengers each took their turn, farewelling him with words and gestures, making his no-longer-extant heart swell with feeling for them all.
Sometime later, JARVIS pinged. “Sir, the delivery from Chez Chic is here. Shall I have it brought to this level?”
When Steve had finally finished his workout, showered, and gotten some lunch, he figured he probably ought to pack up his things, if he was really going to be moving. He pulled out the couple of duffel bags SHIELD had given him, making short work of filling them with his day-to-day clothes; The Suit was, as always, tucked away in a garment bag, and he slipped his handful of sport coats in with it. Then he went around the room with a knapsack, gathering up all the bits and bobs of life, the photos of him and the team, the novel he'd borrowed from Bruce and hadn't finished yet, his sketchbooks and pencils...
Tony smiled at him sleepily, then the smile got bigger... and bigger... “Good morning yourself. I might even say great morning, but that might ruin my rep as a laid-back guy.”
the time...) “Okay.” He set the plate on his thighs and took a decent handful of cake, then crammed the whole thing in his mouth as if he'd never even heard of a sugar ration. “Fo, we gunna tawk?”
Steve flopped down in the middle of the big couch. “I think Clint said something about Robin Hood? That sounds pretty good to me...”
Steve knew he had a blissful grin on too. “I should not find that endearing. I know it's the sort of thing people normally find creepy, but mostly I'm just smug that the reality is better than
But the last thing! He eyed Tony doubtfully as they both sat up. “That's a carpet beater. You want me to beat you like a carpet?”
Steve smiled and freed one hand from his towel to hold out to his husband-to-be. “Tony, then. Please, call me Steve. And why would they show me any portraits? No one cares what I think of you, as long as I stand before the priest with you tomorrow.”
The next morning, Dr Strange did Tony the courtesy of calling before just showing up, and so he had the chance to commandeer an empty SI conference room so the two of them could have some privacy. He still couldn’t help fidgeting while the sorcerer made bizarre and complex gestures in the air between them. “So? You know all the magic, right? You’re taking it off now, right?”
Tony grinned hugely. “Nah, this is good. Souvenirs!” He poked at them experimentally, then sat up on his knees so he could rotate his thighs. “They're not even that bad.” He flopped onto his back. “Heck, I've gotten worse sparring.” He looked at Steve, who still looked kinda conflicted. “Hey, now. I am in no way upset here. Seriously, Pepper used to give me these scratches all up and down my back....”
Steve worked the first finger quickly, raggedly, and added the second almost before Tony was ready. He was kissing at Tony's neck and shoulders, hardly seeming to aim his lips, and his erection was rubbing hotly along Tony's thigh. Tony writhed, almost overwhelmed with pleasure, and rocked his hips as best he could, pinned as he was. Steve barely slid the third finger in before he was pulling them all out and lining up his cock. Tony whimpered and tried to push himself down onto it.
On Saturday, Tony woke up in dire need of a piss and a quick wash. Once he'd taken care of that, he remembered that there was cake in the next room, and strolled out to snag it. Well, tried to stroll. It came out more a combination of swagger and bounce. He shrugged and decided to go with it. It wasn't like he didn't have every reason on earth for both. When he got back into the bedroom, he had to pause for a moment and enjoy the view. Steve was awake but still sleepy and mussed, and the early morning sun made his skin glow like finest marble. Tony climbed up onto the bed, balancing the cake plate carefully, and leaned down to kiss Steve, first the mouth, then one pec.
He took a couple of breaths, surprised at how shuddery they were, and nodded. “I want it.” He realized as he said it that it was true, he really truly wanted it. “Oh, God I want it, please, Captain, I trust you, please, please make it hurt so good...” Tony shivered, consciously surrendering to this, and felt an answering shiver run through Captain's body, and then that strong hand raised, and came down, one-two, on his buttocks, hard enough to make him yelp. Captain massaged the sore spots, spreading tantalizing heat through Tony's body. And then he began in earnest.
The deli, when they got to it, was smallish, older, but clearly a popular spot, if the crowd inside was any indication. The folks behind the counter were, with most of the customers, as friendly as New Yorkers usually got, but when they saw Tony, they lit up. He spent a few minutes chatting with them as they filled other orders, asking after one's kids, another's elderly mother. Steve just leaned against a shelving unit full of snack foods and watched fondly as Tony showed off the charm that made him so popular at every level of society. When it was their turn, Steve got a foot-long Italian sub and a foot-long “New York Special”, while Tony got a six-inch chicken Parmesan, and some potato salad he said was for both of them. Almost as an afterthought, he snagged a couple of bottles of soda, too. The woman who rang them up teased Tony in Italian, about Steve, if the look she gave him was anything to go by. Steve didn't even try to suppress the blush, especially when Tony's response was delivered with a fond laugh.
Captain ran his hands over Tony's body again, a little faster, a little rougher. “Oh, yes, pet, I will definitely do that. Do-” He faltered a little, then resumed. “Do you prefer any type of pain? Sharp or hard or-” He broke off, his hips lurching up raggedly, jostling Tony in the best way.
Steve's heart broke, just a little, for Tony, who was so brilliant, and so broken. So ready to believe that he was wrong, at fault, needing to be punished for being who he was... Steve's mind flashed to a website he'd stumbled across while researching sexuality, a website he'd returned to more than a few times since, with men in leather jockstraps, with whips and paddles. There had been one photo, with a dark-haired boy on his knees, hands bound behind his back, in front of a blond man holding a cricket bat. Suddenly all Steve could see was them, in that pose, Tony finally having some damn discipline, because Steve was imposing it on him, expecting it of him. He put on his best Team Leader Voice. “Tony.” Some sort of tension ran out of Tony, and Steve suspected, by the way he was suddenly leaning, that he'd never really had anyone to lean on before. Steve knew he could be that person. But he'd have to draw it all out carefully, gently. “Tony... you want this, yes?” Tony nodded, wary but hopeful, and Steve let his own hope show. “So do I. Oh, I want...” And this time he took control, took charge of the kiss, trying to show Tony how much he wanted him, giving in to the desire, the screaming aching
Tony nodded. “That'd be great, thanks.” A moment later, one of his viewscreens lit up with Pepper's face and office. “Pepper! Light of my life, joy of my days-”
Steve laughed; he loved surprising or confusing Tony- it happened so rarely. “The two of us probably don't, but when is any meal around here just the two of us? The rest of the team is going to show up pretty soon. Probably as soon as they smell bacon. I figured I'd be prepared.”
Steve chuckled, and was amused to hear how... evil it sounded. His voice was more growl than speech. “
Steve, already stepping through the bedroom doorway, paused, then hurried in so he wouldn't have to look at Tony. “I, ah... There is no 'rest'. This is everything.” He opened Tony's (frankly massive) closet, and saw that it was nearly full of really awfully nice suits. Feeling slightly ashamed, and bothered by it, he made quick work of hanging the garment bag and dropping the duffel bags on the floor of the closet. He set the knapsack down more gently, but still in a corner, out of the way.
Seriously. Was everything this man did just preposterously hot? Tony started randomly kissing the flesh in front of him, pecs and biceps and abs, the shirts forgotten in favor of undoing Steve's fly and shoving his pants past his hips. His cock sprang free, and Tony's hand gravitated to it, around it... Well, as much as he could. Steve gasped and staggered backward, only avoiding getting his feet tangled in his pants because his calves hit the bed first. Tony went with him, tumbling the two of them down onto the bed, still kissing everywhere he could reach.
Duke Howard threw an arm around Tony’s shoulders and steered him into a quiet alcove. “My dear boy, I hope you are not seeking advice on the bedding tomorrow night? I was sure you were well versed in such matters.”
Bruce was standing at the stove as the rest of them meandered into the kitchen, lured by the smell of spices, warm and complex. He grinned. “Tonight, we have chicken tikka masala, with jasmine rice. Nat, would you get the rice cooker?” They'd gotten it from a restaurant supply place, but it was the only one big enough to provision the Avengers on curry night. Everyone else set about getting plates, forks, beers, and napkins, and setting them out, then they sat down and dug in.
Tony shrugged and leaned against the wall of the elevator as they descended. “Enh. I was thinking, Clint keeps bugging me about crazy trick arrows, maybe I'd mock up some prototypes of some of them, we can see if they actually work in the field.” He strolled out of the elevator and over to the workshop door, punching in his code. “You might as well make us some coffee. Machine's over there.” He gestured vaguely, his mind already on fuel ratios and specific densities. Within moments, the air was full of the scent of brewing coffee and the sound of pencils moving on paper. The cup of coffee that appeared at his elbow was perfect, just the way he took it, and something in his spirit settled, letting his mind roam free.
Late Thursday afternoon, Steve headed in to the team kitchen to start on dinner, only to find Bruce already there and assembling ingredients. Bruce gave him a gentle smile. “Last one before the big announcement. I thought I'd give you the night off.” Steve grinned thankfully back at him and sauntered down to the workshop to listen to Tony ramble about his latest project until Bruce called them back up.
He sounded surprisingly put-upon for a being with no patience to test. “The cards are ordered, Sir. They should be here in a day or two. Also, you have a video message from Agent Romanov. Shall I play it?”
Which, of course, is when Clint and Nat got home, whooping and cheering loud enough to shake the Tower.
Which started, right now, with using Tony's two favorites on him, without giving him a chance to think or anticipate. He took up the cane in his right hand, and the paddle in his left, and took a stance that gave him good reach with both. Then he began a proper assault, with as little predictability as he could manage. First one weapon then the other, on Tony's back, then his thighs, sometimes in perfect alternation, sometimes a single hit with one, then a barrage with the other... For a few strokes, he entertained himself by making cross-hatches with the cane on Tony's buttocks...
He bit into the sub, and had to close his eyes for a moment as the complex flavors of various cured meats flooded his mouth. When he had chewed, swallowed, and reopened his eyes, he saw Tony watching him, bright eyed and eager. “Good, right?”
Tony dropped the bottle of lube next to Steve's hand, and pulled back a little to gulp air. “I want... oh, God, I want you inside me, but you're huge, you're going to have to prep me a bit first, please, I want you to...” And he dove back into the kiss, trying to ignore how he felt more exposed emotionally than physically at the moment, which was weird, right? He was vaguely aware of Steve fumbling behind his back with the lube, and then Steve broke the kiss so he could peer over Tony's shoulder and down his back.
Tony closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and gave a little nod, not even pretending to misunderstand. “Honest. Only for you, Cap.” He let out a little laugh, and opened his eyes. Steve was looking concerned. “Yeah, see. I'm not so good about...” He could do this... “One of the nice things about being a Dom, especially with, ah, short-term encounters, is that the sub tells you what they're looking for, and what their limits are, and you go. No need to open up back, you know? I, ah. I'm not great with talking about...” Steve gave him Smile No. 73, I Know You're Deflecting, I Can Wait You Out; Tony sighed and rested his forehead on Steve's shoulder. “The truth is, I don't trust anyone. A week ago, I would have said there would never be anyone in the world I trusted enough to let hurt me recreationally, let alone get me far enough into subspace to be really worth it.” He lifted his head, feeling unspeakably vulnerable, but needing to look in Steve's eyes. “But you! Part of me wants to take absolutely anything you want to give me, and I know that that's actually a really bad idea, I know how strong you are, I still want to
Steve slept for an unexpectedly long time on Sunday morning, and only woke up when the smell of bacon and sausage hit his nose. He shifted, surprised that Tony was 1) awake before him, and 2) actually cooking, but then he realized Tony was once again sprawled across him, one bony hip digging into his ribs and the arc reactor practically in his armpit. He chuckled and nudged him. “Hey, Tony, ummm... baby? I think someone came home early...”
how much you can hurt me, and that scares the Hell out of me. The idea of letting you in, letting you see...” He was breathing raggedly, and he took a moment to catch his breath. Steve's hand in his hair, clenching and unclenching like a heartbeat, was amazingly steadying, and he leaned into it just a little. “At the same time, I feel... God, I feel so safe with you, I don't think I've ever actually felt safe with anyone before, and that all by itself makes me feel angry and sad and freaked out and a bunch of other things, and I'm probably going to fight you every step of the way, I don't know how else to be, but I want it. I want us to explore that side of me together.” He closed his eyes, trembling, and tried to get his breathing under control... again.
Tony grinned nervously. “Well, it's just... I'm, ah, holding a press conference. On Thursday. Which is, you know, the eleventh...” Rhodey gave him a squinty look of confusion and impatience, and Tony fidgeted. “You know, Keith Haring Day?” He waggled his eyebrows significantly.
She got even icier (and Steve knew from ice). “Don't even try. He came in this morning looking like he should have cute fuzzy woodland creatures frolicking around him, and JARVIS says you spent last night with him.” Steve's whole body went cold with shock, then hot with embarrassment. “So, what are your intentions? I should tell you that if you break his heart, I will be obligated to bury you in several shallow graves.”
Steve didn't even try to draw any of the paintings in his sketchbook; he had no idea how even to start such a thing, but he also thought he might do some paintings of his own one of these days. He just let himself be inspired and humbled, until he circled back around to the beginning of the exhibit, and blinked out of his daze. He grinned at Tony. “Wow. Thank you, this was amazing. What else is here?” They headed out of the gallery and down the hall.
Inwardly grinning, Steve closed his teeth gently around the base of Tony's jock, and Tony went perfectly, tremblingly still. Steve, ever so slowly and just hard enough for Tony to really feel it, dragged his teeth up the length of Tony's shaft, his lips gliding along in their wake. Tony was making high, needy little noises, all of his muscles clenching and flexing without actually moving. Steve's teeth opened a little for the head of Tony's jock, then closed sharply a millimeter past it. Tony gasped and jumped, looking down at Steve with wide, wild eyes. Steve suspected that the grin he flashed out was positively evil, but he was having
Steve gave him a sour look. “My prom was in 1938, and I didn't go because I couldn't get a single gal to agree to go with me. And you are not at all helping my nerves.”
And Thor's was very... Thor. “It is well. We will spread the superior way of Asgard to all of Midgard with our example!” Steve couldn't wait to see the reporters' reactions.
It was all Steve could do to keep his hips still while Tony rutted against him. There was no way on Earth to keep his hands from exploring every accessible inch of olive-gold skin, every ridge of tendon and dip of muscle. His eyes were half-closed, barely important, but his ears were drinking in every one of Tony's moans, his gasps and cries. He was so caught up in all of that, that his orgasm was startling, almost a shock, thundering through him like an express train. His head dropped, the bridge of his nose resting on the back of Tony's shoulder, as he tried to catch his breath.
Tony sighed explosively and shoved himself up, away from Steve, out of bed, over to the dresser, too tired and on edge to censor himself. “Oh, right. I'm supposed to be being honest with you and all that, stupid Thor. Fine, the truth is, I know damn well I'm not getting back to sleep tonight, so I'm gonna go down to the lab, maybe work on suit schematics or something. You happy now?” He yanked boxers, jeans, and a t-shirt out of the drawers.
Marco pulled out a tape measure, but Steve was just gaping at Tony. “A tuxedo? I mean, I know I said-”
Tony rolled his shoulders, clearly a little uncomfortable, then tried to cover it with a leer. “Well, you know, I do think about you a whole lot. Guess this is just an extension of that.” They stepped out to the curb, and Tony hailed a taxi. He gave the address, then settled back in the seat and tugged Steve close. “I hope you didn't look Rothko up last night, I mean, I'm not saying it'll ruin the experience, exactly, but...”
Bruce curled up in an armchair, cradling a tea mug in both hands. “The problem is, which ones? There have been so many...”
!?” She started to picture it, and had to shake her head sharply before she got some completely inappropriate images in her head. “Wow, I- He- Good for him. Really. I just... Steve.” An absolutely horrific thought occurred to her, and her head snapped around to look at JARVIS' camera in the corner. “Oh, God, he's not, like, going to make out with Steve on national tv, or propose to him, or anything like that, is he?”
good. If you kept on, I was gonna pop, and then we wouldn't have been able to do the next part. Which-” He pulled, without much leverage, at Steve's shirt. Steve grinned, kissed him on the 'hickey', and sat up to take the shirt off. And after that, well, it just made sense to take off his own slacks and boxer briefs. Tony ran an approving hand up his side. “Oh, Cap, you seriously have no idea how ridiculously much I am looking forward to the next part. Mmm, ok, to prep you, I think... Have you on your hands and knees? Just, anywhere on the bed, grab a pillow if you want.” He dug in the bedside table for the lubricant, while Steve arranged himself basically in the middle of the bed, facing the pillows.
he needed to touch, to taste.... He faked outrage. “What, so to reassure me, you bring up your ex? I can't believe you would-” Excellent, he caught Tony off guard, his mouth half-open and waiting for Steve's tongue. He let himself get lost in the kiss, in the feel of the strong, compact body under his. He wanted to plunge into Tony's body, he wanted to lie here like this and kiss him all day, he wanted- His stomach rumbled, and he realized he actually kind of
Tony was grinning hard enough to hurt his cheeks, and now he started laughing. “Oh, my god, I just deflowered Captain America!” His mouth snapped shut, and his eyes got as wide as they would go. “Oh, my god! That was you without any practice or experience or anything? Hot damn, get you some training, you are going to be a sex god, I don't know whether I want to share you with everyone, or at least the people I want to reward, or just keep you for myself and gloat to people that they will never have sex as good as what I'm getting.” He zoned out for a second, imagining the possibilities, then snapped back to the moment. “Oh, my god, I just took Steve Rogers' virginity!” He bounced to his feet, barely noticing the pains of their stomachs unsticking and Steve's cock sliding free. His afterglow usually left him sleepy, even lethargic, but right now he was overflowing with energy. He did a little victory dance, grinning at Steve.
The weight suddenly lurched and lifted off of him. “Steve? Steve, baby, wake up! It's a nightmare!” He snapped up his left arm, as if hefting the Shield, then realized the arc reactor was in front of him. He yanked his arm back at the last moment, then pulled his whole body away from Tony, who was still reaching out to him. “Hey, hey, it's ok, just breathe, you're safe, you're here in the Tower with me, you're ok...”
Tony shifted, hovering his ass over Steve's cock, and reached down with one hand to grasp it and guide it in. He made a pleased noise when he noticed that Steve had thoughtfully lubed it up, too. As the head of Steve's cock pressed against his entrance, he locked eyes with him, then let himself sink down. His eyes widened with the nearly overwhelming combination of pain and pleasure as it seemed like his entire lower half was stretching around a behemoth, but he kept his gaze locked on Steve's; peripherally, he was aware of both of them panting with leashed desire, and he wanted
It took a while for Steve to realize that he was watching Tony more than the others. At first he'd watched them all equally, as much as he could. He made mental notes about how they interacted with each other, when and how much they ate and slept, what conversations would raise or lower the mood of the group, all the little things that went along with being a good leader. But once he knew those things well enough to monitor them subconsciously (it only took a handful of weeks, after all), he slowly discovered that his attention gravitated to Tony. It was easy enough to explain, at first- Tony
“Oh, yes, Captain, God that's good, ohh, fuck my ass so good, fill me up...” He brought both hands up and back, tangling them in Steve's hair, knowing full well that to touch himself right now, really just about anywhere, would tip him over the edge, and that neither of them was ready for that. Steve took the opportunity to run his fingertips up the inside of Tony's arms, pits to wrists and back down, light and slow like he had all day. (In fairness, he really did, kind of.) Tony shuddered, arched his back, started to squirm again.
Steve took a couple steps toward him. “No, actually. I thought there might be something up with you. You were awfully quiet all evening. You ok?”
as sitting on his bruises, and now Steve's hands were leaving his hips to roam over his thighs, his belly and chest... It would almost be soothing, except that every place where Steve's skin touched his felt like it had been lit on fire. He became aware that he was whimpering and writhing in Steve's lap, but Steve was making encouraging noises, so that was alright. (Encouraging! HA! Those were the sexiest fucking noises Tony had ever heard, little gasps and moans, stifled as if the only other option was to blow out Tony's eardrums. A thought darted through the fog, that he would be happy to be rendered deaf if the last thing he heard was Steve's full-throated sex noises. Definitely floating away now...)
Tony made a sound something like a laugh. “Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Just a lot on my mind. Genius and all, remember?” Oh, god, please let that mean that he really was thinking about- Well, he was looking an awful lot, right?
Of course, Steve was always adorable watching Disney movies, and pretty soon Tony was watching him way more than a movie he'd seen a hundred times already. The way the light moved over his face, the way his expression changed with every emotion... Tony told himself he could be happy just like this forever. The team, all hanging out together, Steve close but not too close, not risky close, and if Tony was out to the world, well, he could start picking up men as well as women when he was out on the town. He would just have to be very careful to never go for tall, built blonds. He could do that. The first minute he realized he was interested in Pepper, he'd taken leggy redheads off the tasting menu, and he'd stuck to that pretty well to this day. (The only exception being Nat, back when she was posing as his PA, and no one could blame him for that. I mean, seriously. Nat. He got a free pass on that one.)
Tony yelled and knocked the hand away, scrambling backward in the pre-dawn gloom of his bedroom, distantly relieved that he could even move.
, and he tried to find words past the actinic spark of interest. Steve's pleased noise rumbled both their chests, and his hand went back to tangling in Tony's hair. “We don't have to-” He yawned. “Mmm, we probably
Steve played with Tony's fingers. “This is a funny one, but, I never step in gum anymore. In the 30s, you couldn't go a whole block without getting slowed up by gum at least once.” Tony laughed, and Steve's nerves eased, and they spent the rest of the cab ride chatting about how Steve was adjusting.
Steve acted without thinking. He needed to remind Tony that he'd been claimed, that Steve had chosen
Everyone jumped to their feet, variously shouting and/or grabbing weapons, but Tony held out his hands soothingly. “Hey, it’s ok, I asked him here. I need his help with something. Hey, facial hair bro.”
of it, Tony sprawled out, too spent to move, Steve's cum oozing out of his overused hole... He couldn't hold off any longer. He wrapped one arm around Tony's waist and the other hand around his jock, dropped his head back, and
He stutter-stepped, caught himself, and staggered back to a normal gait, all on automatic, as he tried to wrap his mind around the incredible concept that, yes, there would be media speculation that they were dating, just as there would if any two of the team were out alone together, but it would only be titillating, gossip for housewives to giggle over, and not anything to end a career, or worse, a life, over. They
Steve nobly fought the urge to peel Tony out of every stitch of that fine fabric, right there in the team living room, and instead tucked his sketchbook and pencil pouch under one arm and offered Tony the other elbow. “Would you accompany me to lunch, good sir?”
He barely noticed when he flipped to a fresh sheet, scrabbling in the pencil box til he found the right one, thinner, finer lines to capture the layers of innocence and mischief on Tony's face when his lips were stretched around Steve's jock, the way his hair fell so carelessly across his eyes. At some point, he sat down on the floor, under the window where the light was good, but the urge to create was on him now, and he hardly noticed anything else.
pretty weird. “JARVIS? Do you know what this is about? How's his health, really?” She got up to pace.
With no more warning than that, one of Tony's long, delicate engineer's fingers (and callused, don't forget those -
They ate quietly, still slowly waking up, feeding each other random bits of sinfully delicious food, and Steve was both utterly surprised and utterly unsurprised at how comfortable, how perfect everything was. He knew he was grinning like a sap, but then again so was Tony.
Tony was panting, short sharp little breaths across Steve's wrist. “I- I want you. I want to date you, I want this all the time, God, I want to take out billboards and tv ads telling the whole damn world that we're together. I want anything you'll give me!” He was trembling as he pressed closer, ever closer to Steve. Steve was more than happy to gather him in. “I know I'm going to fuck it up, and I'm already sorry, you can quote me on that later, but if you'll let me, I want to try in the meantime.”
mouth, had faded a bit, he could really settle into a good quiet freakout. Because if Steve was bi, there was the slightest sliver of a possibility that... No, there was no way. But he could still hope, right? Right. So, as Tony saw it, there were two good options here. (The bad option, of course, was that Steve was not just not interested, but actively repelled by Tony's promiscuous past. He was pretty sure that wouldn't happen, but he wasn't sure enough to be willing to risk it.) Good option one was Steve being willing to fool around with him, maybe even have a full-on one-night stand. And that could be enough for Tony. It would be enough. If that's all he could get, it was miles better than nothing, and at least he'd have the memory, right? (There was no way it would be enough. He'd become the creepy stalker ex. He was already in too deep.) (Not that Steve was really the one-night stand type, anyway. After all, he was still carrying a torch for Aunt Peggy, and they'd been together decades ago.)
And then there was Stark. Tony. He'd thought, when he first heard that Howard had a son who was also an inventor, and more so when he got his first look at Tony, that he would be having to remind himself every few minutes that the son was not the father, and he couldn't treat them the same. But Tony was so completely his own person, there were moments Steve forgot there was even anyone else in the room, just caught up in Tony's voice, and his manic hands, and his completely unique ideas. Tony
Steve was being magnetically drawn toward Tony, and he barely caught himself before touching him. “Really? Because you seem pretty agitated to me. I kinda think...” Oh, wow, he was really doing this. He was going to kiss Tony Stark, and judging by the sparks he was already feeling, it was going to be amazing. He mentally crossed his fingers. “I
Tony clearly tried to gather himself. “No. I mean, yeah, but it's fine. Was there something you needed?”
that was better than any drug he'd ever had. He barely recognized the sounds coming out of his mouth, but he couldn't manage to care. He couldn't even care about the fact that his orgasm was building, which seemed like it should be weird, but everything was
Steve squirmed, but he looked pleased, too. “I, ah. Wow, that's a pretty effective threat.” He smiled at her, and that smile was enough to tell her he cared just as much about Tony as she did. Maybe more. “Don't worry, though. If I have my way, his heart will never get broken again.” His smile turned wry. “Though if he keeps on like this, we're gonna have our photo in the papers before we can make any announcements. Not that I mind, he's just so excited for the big reveal...” He sighed, and shook his head, but Pepper could tell he was joking around, and it made her feel warm that Serious Steve would joke with her.
....? You know what, never mind. Yes, fine, Mr. Stark, I'll arrange that press conference for you, sir, will there be anything else?” She twisted her lip in a way that usually meant she was trying to frown to hide a smile.
- let himself indulge in running his hands over Tony's torso, marveling at how soft his skin was, soaking in the tingle of the arc reactor.
Steve gave him a raised eyebrow as he finished chewing a chunk of melon. “Of course I do. Isn't he?”
“No.” Tony had to cut him off. “No, nothing like that, it was probably overdue for me to come out, I really do want to tell the whole world, and all that. I just...” He tried to come up with an excuse, but Steve was standing
Tony grinned a little goofily. “OK, so. That is definitely it for Blow Jobs 101. You have passed the class. Top of the class, even. We'll do the 201 class later. Maybe tomorrow.” Steve blinked at him, a little confused. “That... That was
A moment later, her viewscreen lit up with Steve's face, the Avengers' gym behind him. “Good morning Pepper, what can I do for you?”
“Tony, no!” But Steve was already too late. The electronic panel Tony had been kneeling in front of (without the armor, dammit!) went from sparking and spitting to full-on exploding, sending Tony flying across the room. He smacked shoulder-first against a statue of a person, but instead of continuing his fall to the ground, Tony was caught as the statue’s arms wrapped around him in a parody of a hug. A moment later, the statue went back to its original position, and Tony dropped onto his (perfectly round, wonderfully bouncy-
! Besides, I don't get viral or bacterial infections anymore.” He went back to fussing with the eggs. “No, I... I just... How much of, of last night and all of this, is because I'm, you know,
Tony's breath caught, his heart pounding. “Ohhh... yesss...” And then he realized that Steve's cock, which had gone partially soft inside him, was getting hard again. He clenched experimentally, and it sprang to full hardness. “Oh! Oh, my god, really?” He was grinning in sheer delight. “Damn, gotta love that Serum! Mmmm...” He squirmed, exploring the feeling of being forced open, liking it way more than he would have expected. He started to seriously work his hips, fucking himself for real on Steve's cock.
Oh, that was promising. “Sure, JARVIS, I'd love to talk to him.” The screen lit up, and there was Tony, opening his mouth to say something. He froze, mouth gaping slightly, eyes glazed over, just staring, for a long moment. Steve was mostly amused, but a little concerned. “Tony? Did you want to talk to me, or just stare at my body?”
Tony waved a hand carelessly. “No, no, this is why I built a proper AI, so you could take this sort of initiative. I'm very pleased.” He started opening containers.
Bruce quietly raised his coffee mug. “Well, I for one say congratulations. You both deserve happiness, and if you're finding it together I couldn't be happier for you.”
Thor frowned and leaned in. “Friend Steve, I am happy to support you, but I do not know this term either. Please explain?”
She rolled her eyes and deliberately turned away from him. “Clint's right, Bruce. I think the extra cumin really balances it well. Maybe next time marinade it longer?”
Steve knew the noise he made this time should have been embarrassing, but he was picturing it, Iron Man using... was that a bull-whip? On him, and that was taking pretty much all of his attention. “Yeah.” His voice was definitely hoarse. “Yeah, I like that idea.” He shifted a bit, trying to ease the growing pressure on his jock, and his empty stomach made itself known. “Right now, though, I think we need lunch. Are there Chinese leftovers?”
Steve wanted to cry for all the times someone had bruised Tony's heart, had made him fearful of relationships. He understood, now, why Tony seemed to favor short-term encounters, and he vowed to himself that he would never, ever hurt him like that. “Hey, hey, relax, shh, shh, it's ok. I want this too, I want you... I'm not sure I want the billboard, but yeah, I want you, and I doubt you're going to screw it up as bad as you think.” He met Tony's eyes earnestly, and dared a joke. “So, if I stay here tonight, am I going to wake up to Pepper hustling me out the door?”
! What did Clint call it? Edgy? This is working so hard to be 'edgy' that it loses... everything else!” He threw up his hands and stalked a few steps away.
Tony couldn’t help a laugh. “No, sir, I know my way around an Omega’s bed. I have been thinking of his security, though, after the wedding and the bedding.” Had to play this right, make sure it was framed in terms Howard would appreciate. “Surely we don’t want to devote too many of our own people to such things? But his own Guard, who have come with him, and would have no purpose back in Brooklynn? Perhaps one or two of them might stay...” He risked a glance at Howard’s face, trying to read his thoughts on the matter.
Tony jolted in his seat when he heard Patrick Stewart. King Richard already? Wow, did he need to get his head on straight... Pun once again fully intended. Not tonight, this was a team night, but maybe in a few days he'd go down to the Village, go to a club, pick up some pretty twink and have his way with him. That'd clear his head, right? Robin fumbling with Marion's chastity belt did nothing to help his frame of mind, but at least it meant that the movie was over, and everyone was collecting themselves and wandering down the hall to their bedrooms. Thor and Clint were debating cheerfully over some detail, but Tony couldn't care less. He barely managed a civilized goodnight before he fled upstairs to his own suite.
Steve gave a happy shiver, and said nipples perked up. “Oh, yeah, lots of sex. But Tony, pet, there's so much else...” Tony squirmed. He had so many thoughts and emotions happening he felt like he might explode. Steve set the cake aside, licked his hand clean (oh, and Tony wanted to be the one doing that... from the way Steve was watching him, he knew, too, the bastard), then reached around, caught him by the hair at the back of his skull, (so like and so unlike Obie grabbing his shoulder...) and pulled him around so they were face to face, Tony straddling Steve's thighs. “Hey, we're not going to do anything you don't want to, but let's talk it out, ok? Just be honest with me.”
Steve's mouth gaped open, panting hard, for the long minute it took for Tony to slide oh-so-slowly all the way in, their eyes still locked. When he bottomed out, Tony held as still as he could, obviously waiting. Steve blinked a couple of times, trying to get his bearings. “Oh, wow, Tony, God, that's good. That- Yeah, there will definitely be more of-” His hips hitched up without his direction, and they both gasped. “Please, Tony, oh, fuck, please fuck me.” Tony's whole body twitched and jerked, and he let out a low moan. He pulled most of the way back, then slid slowly and gently in again, hands braced on the back of Steve's thighs. Steve whimpered. “Please, Tony, I can tell you want... please fuck my ass like you want to. Please, give me more, I can take more...”
pre-cum, but he virtually ignored it, all his attention on Tony and his gorgeous noises and his desperate hip thrusts, the gold of his skin turning to ruby with each strike.
Because he knew, if he stopped for more than two seconds, his mind would tumble into a morass of sorrow and regret, a catalog of all the reasons he had these days to stay. He wouldn’t admit it aloud, even now, but he loved these people fiercely, and he had had plans, dammit! Science to do with Bruce, a million questions to ask Thor, pranks with Clint, being catty at galas with Natasha… The many, many, dirty, naughty things he wanted to do with Steve… (Yeah, alright, America’s Golden Boy was as straight as one of Clint’s arrows, and wouldn’t be interested in someone as blood-soaked as Tony even if he wasn’t, but a former Merchant of Death could dream, couldn’t he?)
Steve moved up behind him and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist. “You don't ever have to get me anything, but if you want to take me shopping, I am definitely not going to object. You have amazing taste in clothes, I would be happy to let you dress me.” Tony looked up, meeting his eyes in the mirror, and grinned. Steve couldn't help grinning back. “Yes, and undress me later, I can see the question in your eyes, you dirty-minded brat. Now go dress yourself, ya goofball, and go be brilliant. I can unpack for myself.” Tony pouted, but slipped out of his arms and over to the closet. Steve detoured from grabbing one of the duffel bags to poke Tony gently in the side. “And you'd better eat that toast you made, mister, you need to fuel your body.”
Tony's hips lurched upward as he keened, a noise nearly high enough to shatter glass, then gulped air. “OhmyGod, ohmyGod, ohmyGod. That's- You're- How are you this good-?” He felt like he could hardly think, let alone form words, but he forced himself to drop back down.
Steve chuckled and moved a little closer. Tony was starting to feel like a wild animal Steve was trying to catch, the impression not much helped by the realization that his heart was pounding a thousand miles an hour. Steve caught his eye. “Is this about my announcement at dinner? Were you, um... hoping to come out first? Or planning to never come out? Or-”
“Good morning, sirs. The time is eight am and the date is Tuesday, October ninth. The weather is a sunny 68 degrees Fahrenheit, predicted to last all day.”
His betrothed nodded. “Easy enough to do, I think. Guardsmen are always welcome, after all. I will speak to my father this evening.” He made a face like he’d bitten into a rotten fruit. “Speaking of which, I should probably leave you to make ready. I had hoped to speak with you a little, get to know you, but I suppose we shall have plenty of time for that after tomorrow.” He stood tall and made a formal bow. “Until tonight, then.”
She managed to scare up a laugh. “Yes, please, JARVIS. And in the meantime, could you see if Steve is available?”
Clint looked over and fluttered his eyelashes at them. “Aww, look how cozy you two are! Look at- damn, how many hickeys do you
Now Steve really responded, too, his hips rising and falling with ragged strength, his hands back to gripping Tony's hips like a lifeline, and utterly filthy things falling unheeded from his mouth. Tony found himself driven to new heights of pleasure with every thrust, until they changed angle just so, and Steve's cock hit his prostate- Tony was vaguely aware that he had made a short, sharp noise, which matched the supernova behind his eyes. He tried the move again, and got the same burst of incandescent pleasure.
Steve's hands flexed, pinning him in place. “No, hold on, just give me a minute...” He panted for breath for a moment, then ran his hands down Tony's thighs, up across his pecs, around the edges of the arc reactor...
Pepper made a strangled sound. “No, Tony. You may have made some mistakes, everyone does, but you have done so much, for all of us, for the world… You have more than apologized, I promise. And I… Oh, God, I’m going to miss you so much!” She lurched forward, throwing her arms around his neck and pressing her cheek to his. “I swear this company will always do you proud.” She pulled herself back and turned away, wiping at her eyes.
Steve squirmed a bit. “It's someone who, you know... goes with, um, sleeps with, both men and women.”
Tony shuddered, feeling tensions he hadn't even known he was carrying flow away from him. “Yellow and red. Good, yes.” And then, before he knew he was going to say it, “thank you, Cap.” His eyes were wet, and he didn't care.
Steve didn't actually need to work out to maintain his muscles, the Serum took care of that. But he did get restless, itchy under the skin, if he didn't keep active enough. So once Tony had gone down to the public levels, Steve went down one level to the team gym, and started his usual routine: ten klicks on the treadmill, a full circuit on the weight machines SHIELD had specially designed for him, a round of push-ups, sit-ups, and other isometric exercises, and then working out with his special heavy bag until his muscles really started to burn.
Pepper looked at him like he might actually be a live bomb. “A press conference. On a personal matter. Tony, are you
Steve leaned in to kiss Tony's temple, then snagged the rest of the waffle. “Complimenting your mind and calling you weird is romantic, so noted.” Tony made a scowly face and looked like he wanted to object, but when he opened his mouth, Steve just fed him some waffle and grinned unrepentantly.
And there seemed to be even more in the bag. Steve didn't mind, but he perversely wanted Tony to stew a little, so he peered into the bag and drew out another soup tub, this one full of fruit. (There were other things in there, but habit of a lifetime had him pretty focused.) He popped open the lid, plucked out a chunk of pineapple (
Tony smirked. “So if I get you to move in here, does that mean you'll make me breakfast every day?” His barely-awake brain caught up with his mouth, and his whole body tensed. “Um. I, ah, don't have to have said that. If, ah. I mean, I know we're probably already moving awfully fast for you, we haven't even had a real date, we can take this at your pace-”
have anything to hide, so if people find out, they find out. But we don't ever have to officially announce anything if you don't want to or don't think it's a good idea.”
Which meant that he knew, and he was probably trying to give her a hint. “OK, what do I know? Personal matter, rude to talk about, specific date... Wait, I know that date. October 11th... October 11th.... Oh, my GOD!” She collapsed back into her chair. “National Coming Out Day. He's finally going to do it.” She grinned. “Good for him. I wonder what prompted that.”
talk about it tonight, but tomorr-oh.” He yawned again, and Tony echoed him. “Tomorrow we'll...” If he kept talking, Tony didn't know about it.
Tony tried to laugh, but he was pretty sure it came out kinda wrong. “Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Just a lot on my mind. Genius and all, remember?”
, Tony?” Tony lifted his head and gave a wicked grin, but before he could respond, Clint waved both hands. “No, no, I do not want a single solitary detail. Besides, check this out!” He flopped down on the sofa. Nat went and sat next to him, and Steve sat in the armchair closer to them, settling Tony on his lap sideways. (Being very careful of all his new injuries, of course.)
Tony's heart was pounding so hard he was half-expecting the arc reactor to start vibrating. He tried to be at least a little casual. “Yeah, sure, that sounds good. And we can watch movies you've already seen, so if we get distracted...”
, Steve pulled away, sitting back on his heels and giving Tony a stern look. “Don't think I'm done with you yet, pet. Back on your hands and knees.” Tony complied, but he kept casting wary glances over.
Captain Barnes saluted. “As you command, sir.” Tony nodded at them and led Steve out to the dance floor, reflecting that it was good that at least Steve had taken up with Barnes; he and Tony looked enough alike to excuse the child, which would not have been the case if Wilson were the favored Alpha!
Barnes sagged in relief, then his chin lifted, and he took the two steps to stand right in front of Tony. He dropped to one knee and bowed his head. “For this gift, my Lord, my life is yours. I swear to you, to Steve, and to every child of Steve’s body that I will stand between you and all danger. To you, my liege, I pledge every breath in my chest and every drop of blood in my veins.”
) out of him. He knew his breath was harsh, his throat raw, but that was a concern so distant as to be practically nonexistent. Somewhere far away, Cary Grant was yelling about not being a Brewster, but right here, Steve's hand was
Until Thor burst out of the elevator, bubbling over with his own potent brand of good humor. Within moments, Tony was booting up the Game Cube, Clint was grabbing beers, and Bruce was setting up the popcorn machine. The six of them ended up battling it out in Super Smash Brothers for hours, until good-natured arguments over cheating and sabotage turned into childish bickering and name-calling, at which point Steve insisted everyone go to bed and sleep off the adrenaline.
made the offer... “Um... I could, maybe... bring all my stuff upstairs? And we can have celebratory egg rolls?”
Tony wriggled a little, as if testing something, then hmmed. “More?” Steve nodded to himself and removed his hand. Set four was not quite as hard as set three, but was aimed at his thighs instead. Tony jumped and sucked in air with those, but didn't say anything, so Steve kept going, sets five and six continuous and scattered across Tony's back and sides. By the end, Tony was panting, but with lust, and his jock was dripping onto the bed. He nodded raggedly. “Yes, please. That. Please, yes.”
She sighed. “CEO of one of the biggest, most complex corporations in the world? The one who has to clean up after superhero messes? Your-”
At some point, an assistant barely old enough to grow facial hair (but golly was he trying!) brought out a book of fabric swatches finer than anything Steve had ever owned before, in an array of colors, and showed them to Steve. He cast an uncertain look at Tony, who smiled at him and gave him a nod, as if to say 'go ahead', so Steve pored over the book, running reverent fingers over wools and silks he'd probably never have gotten to even touch without Tony in his life. He wanted Tony to be proud of him, pleased with his choices, and so he took his time selecting colors that worked well together, and that would compliment the colors Tony tended to wear.
“What?” Tony sat up sharply, his heart pounding, hardly noticing that he had yanked his hair out of Steve's hand. “No, don't be ridiculous, I'm totally a Dom, I'm very glad you've learned these words, by the way, that's very exciting, but just ask anyone, I'm so a Dom, I don't know what you think-”
Tony swallowed the cake and leered at Steve. “I dunno, I was kind of thinking we could just fuck a lot. Well, and I'm pretty sure I want to lick some of this icing off your nipples at some point...”
The Ewoks' creepy little song roused him just enough to push himself to sitting up. He let Steve lead him to the bathroom so they could brush their teeth, and then to bed. He curled up on his side, Steve wrapping around his back and tucking them in, and then he surrendered fully to sleep.
The alpha chuckled, a sound that did funny things to Steve’s insides. “They didn’t show you any portraits? Typical… I’m Duke Anthony, your betrothed.” He stood and held out his wrist to be scented. Steve nosed up against it cautiously, and was relieved to find he… well, he very much liked the scent the other was putting off, and he was sure it wouldn’t be a hardship to smell it the rest of his life. Duke Anthony cupped Steve’s cheek briefly and smiled. “I would very much like it if you would call me Tony.”
Friday morning was spent running partial-team tactics and strategies, honing their teamwork. When lunchtime rolled around, Steve called a halt. He took a minute to towel off some sweat, while Clint dumped a bottle of water over his head and Nat stretched and bent. He grinned at them. “OK, guys, that was excellent. Clint, I still want to come up with better communications for that 'arrow off the Shield' move, but our teamwork is definitely getting better. Let's break for lunch-”
that you do, Tony.” Great, now he was feeling ashamed of his outburst, too. Not exactly the best start to things... He needed out of the bedroom, he needed... food, yes. He headed for the bar and the mostly-unpacked bags.
Steve's eyes had been locked on Tony's fingers, and now he shook himself, and clearly tried and failed to give Tony a stern look. “Celebrating now includes eating with our hands and talking with our mouths full?” Tony nodded like a dork, and Steve broke out in a beaming grin. (No. 247 again, and Tony wanted to see that one on Steve's face
He figured he probably didn't need his hand any more, and let his fingers fall away one by one as he slid his lips down Tony's shaft. “Ooh, yeah, warm and wet, so good, God, your suction is amazing...” Tony's fingers tightened and loosened in his hair, and he purred as the head hit the back of his throat. Interesting. When he'd read about this, it seemed like this part was tough, but he supposed he didn't have much of a gag reflex anymore. “OH! Oh, my GOD, Steve, that's, holy-” Steve tried the purring thing again, and the hand in his hair changed from clenching to pulling. “No, wait, hold on,”
Oh, and once I decided what I wanted them to do on their date, I looked up MoMA's exhibits for that week irl. Everything except the Rothko really was being shown at that time. Kismet, I tell ya.
She warmed all the way back up, past her usual friendliness, to a welcoming smile. “Alright, then. I'll tell him to tone it down for a couple weeks, and I'll get working on that press conference. I know I don't have to tell you to watch out for him.”
When they'd eaten enough to make an actual dent in the leftovers, Steve decided to put into effect the next part of his plan. He nudged Tony with a shoulder. “Hey, go grab the lube and come here.” Tony looked as if he might ask questions, but he disappeared into the bedroom and came back a moment later with the tube in hand. He stopped just out of Steve's reach, eyed him suspiciously, and opened his mouth. Steve grinned and patted his thighs. “Sit, sit.” Tony grinned back and started to sit facing him, but Steve shook his head and made a little twirling motion with one finger. “Facing the tv.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but he grinned back. “I think a course of private study could be arranged. But not when there are Jedi. Get up here.” Tony lifted his head up just enough that Steve could sit, and then Tony put his head on Steve's thigh, resolutely facing away from the massive hard-on he didn't have the energy to do anything about. Steve started running his hand through Tony's hair, and it was incredibly soothing, especially combined with a well-loved movie and a well-loved body. (He was massively sore, but in a
As the laughter died down, Tony looked around without meeting anyone's eyes. “Though I have been thinking about something. It's the end of September, right? So... National Coming Out Day is in just a couple of weeks. I'm thinking, press conference, big announcement, et cetera, et cetera. I can do it alone if you guys don't want to-”
eggs for every meal if they wanted). They should probably have some carbohydrates too, so he glanced over at Tony, hovering by the coffee machine. “You want pancakes too?” Tony nodded so enthusiastically that Steve couldn't help grinning at him. “Grab me the mix, then?” Oh, and the luxury of pre-mixed pancake batter! Wonders and marvels...
Tony's face broke out in the biggest grin Steve had ever seen on him, and his heart started beating again, twice as fast. “Welcome to the club!” Oh, god, did that mean-? Was he really-? Could he maybe-?
There was the usual round of yummy noises and compliments to the chef, then Steve finished his beer in one long gulp and set the empty bottle down hard enough to chip the glass. Five pairs of eyes focused on him, curious, and he took a deep breath, then very obviously tried to be casual. “So, I learned a new term this week, and I think it applies to me. Bisexual.” He snagged Bruce's still-unopened beer, popped the cap off with his thumb, and started gulping it down.
Steve had nearly finished cooking the beef stroganoff, and Nat was throwing together a salad, while Clint set the table and Tony “supervised” (which mostly meant “keep up a running monologue and get horribly underfoot”, but Steve was pleased to see that the team worked well enough together to accommodate that now), but Steve was fretting. “I don't know, should we wait 'til Bruce gets here? Do we even know if he's back in New York yet?
stung. “Was. Not exactly am anymore, in case you hadn't noticed!” He flexed his hips up. Oh, no, bad plan! Focus, Rogers!
Tony had barely cleared the bedroom door before he was peeling off all of his clothes, leaving a trail behind as he headed for the bed. Steve just used his free hand to tear his shirt off, the shreds drifting down to join Tony's clothes, and Tony's brain exploding in lust overload. They both scrambled onto the bed, the rest of Steve's clothes disappearing somewhere along the way, and Tony pulled him down for some heated kisses.
Tony made a noise of agreement that was about half purr. “Yeah, seriously wow.” He took a deep breath. He could do this, had to do this, before they got too entangled. He raised his head so he could look Steve in the eye, and wow, that was going to make everything way harder, because Steve's pupils were blown out, his lips swollen and red, and he was just gorgeous. No, he had to- “Steve, god, you have no idea how much I want- But I'm screwed up, I screw up everyone around me, you shouldn't-”
When he came back to himself, the credits were just ending. He rolled his neck to kiss sloppily at Steve's jaw. “You know, I think I might be pretty fond of this movie too...”
Tony sighed happily. “Oh, yeah.” He shifted a little, stacking his fists on Steve's sternum and resting his chin on them. “You apparently enjoyed yourself twice! Which, gotta say, cum from the first time squishing around in there for round two? Way hotter than you'd think. Guess it's been a while for you, though, huh?”
Tony looked conflicted. “If we must.” Steve could see the scheming blossom across his face. “Hmm, you know, I think we'll need eggs and bacon, to fuel more escapades later....” He got up out of bed, and Steve took a moment to enjoy the way the early-morning light played across his dusky skin. Tony bent over to rummage in a drawer, and Steve had to fight down the nearly overwhelming urge to walk up behind him, grab him by the hips, and- he was jolted out of the thought by fabric hitting his head, and he shook himself out and got up to get dressed. Tony grinned at him. “The shirt might be a bit small, and half the team will probably figure out that you slept up here just by what you're wearing, but if I let you go down there naked, then Thor will think it's ok to walk around naked, and I so do not need that image in my brain.”
Tony's whole body twitched. “No. No, nothing like that, it was probably overdue for me to come out, I really do want to tell the whole world, and all that. I just...” His eyes drifted down; Steve could almost
Well, that did it; Tony perked right back up. “I would love us to have a Sunday brunch-in-bed tradition. Pepper made me put on pajamas and sit in a chair.” He picked up a piece of bacon, dipped it in the maple syrup, and munched it down. “Hey, so... You... You think of JARVIS as a person, huh?”
Steve went last, but instead of hugging Tony, he sat down heavily on the couch next to him and gazed into his eyes. “Tony, you have always been the best thing about coming to the future. I have had a lot of regrets in my life, and I don’t want this to be one of them. If this is my last chance… Tony, can I kiss you? Please?”
But this incredibly diverse group of people had very quickly become a new family for him. Nat had smoothed the way, showing him that none of them quite belonged in society at large, shepherding him, all of them, like an older sister. Clint, for all he was older than Steve, and probably had more kills under his belt, still made Steve feel like a protective older brother. He equally wanted to show him the world, and stand between him and the world. Thor was the fun uncle, who always wanted to party and enjoy himself, and leave the discipline for Mom and Dad. Bruce was quieter, the uncle you could go to for advice you didn't want to ask about from your parents.
Steve pressed his chest to Tony's back, resting a hand lightly on his hip, just rubbing little circles with his thumb. “Can what? Forget about it? Ignore this and let you try to deal with your misery alone? Do you think I'm the sort of person to do that?” He kissed gently at Tony's hair.
Steve set about mixing this, stirring that, and pouring things into pans. After a long quiet moment, he cleared his throat uncomfortably. “So, ah... I'm not sure exactly how to ask this...”
He blatantly ignored her interruption. “-who has been so steadfast, and loyal, and have I mentioned lately how grateful I am for all that you have done for me, for years now? I know I'm kind of a handful...” He couldn't help leering a little at the innuendo.
Tony moved around behind him, and spent a moment just running his hands over Steve's cheeks, his back, the backs of his thighs... “God, you are so gorgeous... So many things I want to do with you...” He slid a finger down Steve's crack, and Steve shivered in delightful anticipation. “To you...” He kissed the middle of one cheek, then the other. “But right now...” There was the soft snickt of the lubricant opening, then a cool drop of it right where it was going to be needed most. Steve gasped, his hips and back automatically arching up toward Tony's hands. “Oh, and so responsive... I bet this part won't take long...”
By the time Dorothy was back in Kansas, Steve was hard and aching, but he had so many plans before that became a pressing concern... “Tony?” Tony blinked lazily at him. “I, ah... I was hoping, maybe, you'd teach me how to suck you off-” Tony sat bolt upright at that. Oh, God, he had to get this part out fast, while he could. “AndthenIwantyouinsideme.” Tony froze, looking for all the world like his train of thought had jumped completely off the tracks. Was that a good sign or a really bad one? “I mean, we don't have to, if that's not your thing, I don't-”
Steve felt his jock, which he had only just gotten under control, twitch at the very notion of it. “Well, now that you mention it...”
Wednesday at dinner, Tony distributed the t-shirts, and they all spent a few minutes making sure Thor knew how they were going to play it, and what his cues were. The last thing they needed was an impromptu speech on the mating habits of Asgardian peasants or livestock (or, worst of all, both) derailing the whole thing. And then Steve took Tony to bed, and showed him just how grateful he was that he could be this honest with the modern day.
Tony mustered up a shaky smile in return. “Here I am. Blech. Yeah, that wasn't fun.” He scrubbed at his face, but the feeling of Obie's breath on his skin wouldn't go away. “Dammit, I'm not going to be able to get back to sleep.”
He was grateful all over again. At least his soon-to-be mother-in-law was thoughtful and gracious. “Solitude would suit me well just now, as it happens. I presume I will see you at tonight’s Betrothal Feast?” Duchess Maria made her farewells, and Steve took himself off to the bathing chamber, which had a tub which was freestanding but tiled, clearly not meant to be moved. There was a pipe, coming out of a nearby wall and leading to a spigot at one end of the tub. But cleverest of all, halfway along the pipe there was a fixture that seemed to be a brazier and an oversized kettle, evidently designed to heat the water then and there, so it didn’t have to be hauled up from a fireplace in buckets. He prowled about a bit, and saw that the opposite side of the tub had a spigot set low, just over a drainage hole. This was truly a place of marvels, and he began to have a bit of hope about this situation.
“Tony, yes! And that should take out their whole power grid. C’mon, Cap, what’re you doing standing here? We got minions to mash!” He got back into the Iron Man armor and waded back into the fray, and Steve could only sigh fondly as he joined him, the odd statue all but forgotten.
Clint was blatantly leaning away from Thor by now. “OK, that's way more than I needed to know about your love life, wow. So, Bruce, this curry's really good, did you add more cumin than usual?”
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “You know, you do have a StarkPad. And I know they come preloaded with at least one drawing and painting program, and there’s plenty more of those you can search out. Just in case you don’t want to dive right into the real physical thing.” He sipped his wine and smiled.
the cream, and Steve wasn't much better. Clint pointed at him. “Stop it! Stop making that face! Captain America should not have 'I just had fantastic sex' face!”
Steve pressed his lips desperately to Tony's for a long moment, then pulled back the barest amount. “Mine. My Tony, my pet, my-” He slid into Tony in one long, smooth thrust, and Tony keened in pleasure. “God, yes. So perfect for me, so good, so sweet...” He went back to peppering kisses wherever he could reach, his hips snapping back and forth in nearly the same rhythm. Tony felt drunk, beyond high, worshiped and deconstructed in equal measure, completely incapable of anything besides whimpering, moaning, and writhing needfully.
Tony shuddered, wanting nothing less than to talk about it, but his mouth opened anyway. “I- I was trapped. Couldn't breathe. Couldn't-”
Tony gave him that special, extra-dirty smile he seemed to reserve for Steve making blue comments. “I have trained you well, young Padawan.” He grabbed Steve right back, then leaned in to not so much kiss him as fuck Steve's mouth with his tongue. Steve moaned and melted against him. Tony lost himself in it for a moment, but there was too much else trying to crowd in, and he pulled away. “Mmm, that's nice. But, sad to say, willing as the spirit might be, the flesh is jittery and hopped up on adrenalin. I need to get out of this room.” Without waiting for a response, he turned and headed for the elevator.
Tony perked up a bit at the last question. “Oh, and there’s a brain behind that pretty face, excellent. As to why, well, I had to get very close to smell it on you. If no one else has got that close?” He raised his eyebrows and Steve shook his head. “Well, then. As to why the scent is so faint, well, I fear that my speculation may lead to a punch in the arm, so let’s move on. This Alpha, this friend of yours. Do you speak more of a servant helping his lord, or is this true and lasting love, and I only in the way of it?”
Steve tried to remember what words were. “Good. It's good. You're... Oh, God, you feel so damn good... You're so warm, so hot, so tight... Please, will you, can you...” He ran out, and tried to use his hands to show what he meant. Fortunately, Tony got it, and started to move in earnest. Steve felt like his whole body was burning up, a bonfire building to a forest fire low in his belly. Tony's hips under his hands were his only anchor to the world- He exploded. His entire body turned inside out and burst out of his jock, leaving nothing but blissful fog behind.
He could tell it had been fantastic just from his face? Well, he supposed he was grinning pretty wide. He squelched the grin, but that just redirected the mischief. “And what exactly is wrong with fantastic sex? Should I be ashamed of being a healthy adult with a sex drive?” Oh, how he loved to wind Clint up. He always had the best reactions... “I thought Americans, in the 21st century, would be more enlightened than that.” Like that. He couldn't keep the laughter in any longer. “Oh, your
Steve pressed his lips to Tony's for a long moment, then pulled away and slid out of bed. “I know I don't have to. I'm still going to. You want jeans or sweats?” He went over to the dresser and started pulling out clothes for both of them.
had liked it! Really, he hadn't realized that a person could go off, just from being spanked! He managed to lift his right hand just enough to skim the fingertips up Tony's left hamstring. “Wow, baby. Judging by your reaction, I'm willing to bet you liked that as much as I did, which is good, because I liked it an awful lot.” He rolled his head enough to catch Tony's eye and grin at him.
, I'm so close to popping as it is, just from watching you and listening to you...” Another stroke, this one just a bit faster, a bit rougher. “God, next time, next time I will fuck you so hard...”
The next gallery along had a display sign that proclaimed “007”. Tony perked up sharply. “Ooh, Bond!” He paused, looked over at Steve consideringly, and wilted. “Ooooohh, Bond. Ummm... Yeah, you know what? We'll put those on your watch list at home, you're going to end up yelling at the screen a whole lot, let's not do that in public.” He caught Steve's elbow, and hauled him along to the next gallery, labeled “
.” He gazed mournfully into his coffee mug for a moment. “I'd rather, obviously, but the team announcement is going to be a big enough deal, I don't want to get us tangled up with that, you know me and tabloids, I-”
Tony tried to go back to work after the call with Pepper, but he was really just tinkering with the ideas from earlier, while most of his mind was on Steve. His body was reminding him of how much fun they'd had last night, which made him think of Steve, sprawled out under him, hands gripping his hips... Oh, god, the hand-bruises... He touched one of them gingerly, and immediately had to talk sternly to his cock, which was responding surprisingly quickly. There was no way Tony would be able to sit across a white-clothed table from Steve, and look at him in a nice suit, and not want to just have his way with him right there in the restaurant. The fancy date was definitely going to have to wait. “JARVIS? Is Steve around?”
Tony flopped onto the bed, half-upright against the headboard, and started pulling things out of the bag, lining them up on the duvet in front of him; it was mostly the cheap aluminium containers that reminded Steve of nothing so much as pie tins. Steve sat warily, on the other side of the containers, watching him. Tony shrugged. “Well, technically it gets delivered downstairs, and one of the staff brings it up and leaves it on that table.” He cocked his head thoughtfully. “Of course, I haven't even ordered from them in months-” he raised an eyebrow “-including this weekend. JARVIS, did you do this?”
Tony nodded reluctantly. “If we must.” His eyes started to gleam. “Hmm, you know, I think we'll need eggs and bacon, to fuel more escapades later....” He clambered out of bed, doing his best to ignore both the erections demanding his attention, and dug in the dresser for sweatpants and t-shirts, then tossed one set at Steve and put on the other set. “The shirt might be a bit small, and half the team will probably figure out that you slept up here just by what you're wearing, but if I let you go down there naked, then Thor will think it's ok to walk around naked, and I so do not need that image in my brain.”
- living room, and downstairs to the team living room, where Clint was bouncing on the big sofa like a five year old, and Nat was plugging a flash drive into the port by the giant view screen.
Tony cleared his throat, resolutely not thinking about how he could speak at this point, and looked around at everyone. “I… I know this must be hard for all of you. Thank you for being here anyway. It’s-” He blinked hard, trying to stop the tears from spilling over. “It means a lot that you’ve all been here. I-” He gave a wet laugh. “Damn, I wanted to say I’ll miss you all, but I guess I don’t get that opportunity, do I? There’s probably all sorts of things I should apologize for-”
Thor pounded on the table. “Excellent! Our leader has a shield-mate, this will be excellent for the team!” He frowned and pointed at them. “You must vow to discuss your troubles with one another, lest they fester within and poison you, and then us.”
Tony cut him off with a heated kiss, then pulled back just enough to murmur against his lips. “Every time I think you've just said or done the hottest thing I've ever encountered, you say something even hotter.
Tony had been with more than a few guys in his time, and this was familiar, easy. (Not familiar. Glorious and new, Captain America's fantastic cock already dripping with pre-cum, tangy and salty.) (Not easy, either, it was both longer and bigger around than most he'd seen, and his lips and jaw were stretching for all they were worth.) Generally things ended with outercourse, bjs and handies and frottage, and that was good enough for a hook-up. The few times there had been penetration, Tony had very definitely been the top. He could bullshit about internalized homophobia, or bluster about the tabloids getting a hold of that sort of information, but if he was honest it probably had to do with control. (He was well aware that he was a control freak, thank you.) Never before had he had the feeling he had now, the need he was harboring to be completely filled by this magnificent cock.
of my life...” He lifted his head just enough to look at Steve, then turned it away shyly. “Though, um, yesterday? When we were talking about fantasies? I feel I should confess, I've been jerking off to images of you since I was about 15. Um, and to seriously kinky thoughts involving you since about 19. Though they were pretty much only me leaving bruises on you. This.... This is so fucking much better than any of that.”
you suddenly have a dirty mouth... Oh, Steve, baby, you are the most delicious, the most delectable...” He kissed raggedly at Steve's knee, and gave another long stroke; Steve hitched his hips up again, trying to draw Tony in deeper, or get him to move faster, or
Tony seemed to feel about the same. “Steve. I want to.... Oooh, I promise I want to be a gentleman, and take you out to a restaurant where they'll make us wear ties, but right now I need... Oh, I need you.... Please... Bed. Bedroom. Can we-” Steve's hands were moving automatically, scooping Tony up to carry him so they didn't have to stop kissing. He was amazingly glad of his enhanced balance, what with the distraction of his jock, brushing against Tony's ass with every step, and Tony's jock, a hot stripe across his stomach. Oh, good God, and now Tony was biting his neck, and how could biting possibly be that sexy? Was Tony talking? “So hot. Seriously, you, doing this, might just be the hottest thing ever. But don't hold me to that, the night is yo-oh.”
fingers invading him, stretching him so wide... The delightful burn was partially quenched by a glop of cool lube, but then, oh then, there were fingers, plural, delving deep into him, and he was squirming against them, into them, with and around and for them, and he
They got into the car, Tony letting Happy know they were headed back to the Tower, and Steve sighed as he leaned back in his seat. “Please tell me that now that Marco has my sizes, I never have to do that again. I had no
Steve grinned fiercely, pleasure and love and arousal and joy all swirling together, sparking heat in his gut. He kissed the very tip of Tony's jock. “Good boy, pet.” And then he swallowed it down to the root, as hot and wet as he could make it, and sucked hard. He couldn't help the growl that arose in his throat, but Tony seemed to approve. He cried out at the top of his voice and spurted, hard and hot, into Steve's mouth. Steve pulled back just enough that he could taste it properly, and eagerly swallowed everything Tony gave him.
Tony nodded emphatically. “Wise words, my Lord. I will take them to heart. And now, I think we must both see to our guests, yes?” He bowed and headed back into the glittering crowd. Once again, however, he had a specific goal in mind. It didn’t take him long to find Earl Steven, or to whisper in his ear. “Those guardsmen you told me of? Will you introduce me to them?”
Fortunately, JARVIS interrupted him. “I beg your pardon, everyone, but there is an incoming call from Dr Banner.”
Tony obligingly passed it over. When the coffee started dripping, he bypassed the pot entirely, filling his mug directly from the drip; he took a long gulp, then raised his eyebrows at the amount of food Steve had pulled out. “I get that I might have made you a bit hungry, but do the two of us really need this much food?”
The first thing Tony was aware of in the morning was his cheek pressed to Steve's chest, and Steve's heartbeat in his ear. Then he shifted his hips, and his body screamed its soreness at him. He sucked in a breath, and Steve chuckled. “Good morning, sleeping beauty.”
“I’m pregnant.” Steve’s voice, quiet as it was, cut across Wilson’s stridency like the sharpest of swords. “Bucky’s been helping me through my heats for a couple of years now, and I suppose this last time we forgot the sponge.” He put a hand on Barnes’ arm. “Tony’s not going to hurt you, though. He promised me.”
Steve woke up as soon as the rising sun hit his face. He slipped out of bed, careful not to wake Tony, pulled on exercise clothes, and headed for the elevator and all the way down to street level. He was too excited to sleep, too excited to even be confined within walls. He needed to
A moment later, Bruce was smiling at them from the wall, his face amusingly distorted by his phone's camera. “Hey guys.” They chorused a greeting. “Just wanted to let you know, Thor and Jane... well, they took off, and I have no idea where or when they'll be back. So I'm going to stay here tonight, and drive back in the morning.”
. I was thinking I could just order Chinese, and we can watch movies on the couch.” He gave Steve a shaky grin.
When he pulled the finger most of the way out, Tony felt a moment of disappointment, but then there were
Steve blinked and grinned sappily at him. (oh, hey, that was a new one! Call it no. 247, Just Got Laid. Score!) “Hey, handsome.” His fingers tangled in Tony's hair, and he succumbed to the desire to make a little grumbly, purry noise and nuzzle his cheek into Steve's shoulder. Steve chuckled. “Well, I guess
Tony fluttered his eyelashes. “Aww, Cap, you say the sweetest things...” Steve laughed and kissed him again.
for you.” Marco's eyes lit up. “He's going to need everyday suits, evening suits, the whole deal. Oh, and a tux, eventually, but probably not before the Christmas season.”
- to bring him back from the edge. Steve opened his eyes, wanting to watch, and Tony locked gaze with him, stealing Steve's breath away. (The artist part of his brain was noting down every detail, but the rest of him was living entirely in the moment.) Then Tony slowly, almost gently, lowered himself down onto Steve's jock. Steve concentrated on breathing, driven nearly crazy by the tight heat slowly enveloping him. This was- God, this was the most incredible thing ever. No wonder everyone was obsessed with it!
Steve let go with both hand and mouth, and sat back. “Tony? Everything alright?” Tony nodded, but he was panting hard, and his eyes were black as midnight. Steve moved up to lay beside him on the bed. “You sure?”
Steve pretended to think. “Hmm, I don't know, there's all this paperwork I have to catch up on...” Tony gave an exaggerated pout, and Steve laughed at him. “Yes, Tony, that sounds wonderful. I'd very much like to have a museum date with you.”
Well, if the single-tail whip wasn't a good idea, this multi-tailed one might not be either, but better to know that sooner... He swung it, and was surprised to see how much the tails spread out across both buttocks. Tony reacted much better to it, too, grunting in interest and rocking into it a little. Steve upped the intensity a little for the next three, then again for the next set-of-four. Deciding to push it, he really put his arm into the last set. Then he lowered his arm and put the other hand on Tony's back.
Steve blushed a little. “I think I saw some of his early stuff in my WPA days, actually, but looking him up never even occurred to me. I'm getting pretty comfortable with
Steve's head snapped up. “What? Oh, right, the rest of my packing. Yeah, thanks, JARVIS.” He shut the sketchbook sharply, then stood and pushed all of his materials into the bag, pulling its laces closed. He scooped up the other bags, snagged The Shield, and strode out of the room, not even bothering to look back. He got to the elevator just as it arrived, opening to reveal Tony, carrying not just three paper-and-plastic takeout bags, but a cake box. He grinned and stepped in. “Welcome home, handsome.” The doors closed and he could feel the faintest sensation of movement.
Ironically, days 3 through 5 were kind of awesome. He’d woken up without the urge to pee, since his bladder had apparently turned to marble overnight, and he spent a blissful few days with less and less of a need to eat, or really even sleep. The unfortunate trade-off to that, of course, being that his every waking hour was spent preparing for what came next. There was also the imponderable mystery of why the arc reactor hadn’t changed, even as the stonework inched up over it.
Clint chortled. “Yeah, the best of his feel-good stuff. Way to go for the deep cuts, Banner.” He sprawled across the big couch, barely twitching when Nat sat on his thighs. “Huh, I guess we should give these guys the whole Peter Pan story first, right?”
Eventually, Tony's breathing changed, quickened, then, when he moved, caught, in a way that spoke of muscle soreness. Steve knew he sounded smug. “Good morning, sleeping beauty.”
Oh, wow. He was really, seriously serious about this. Well, far be it from Steve to hide from the world. “I'm in.”
Tony meant to bite lightly at the side of Steve's neck, but it quickly turned almost primal. He growled into Steve's ear. “So hot. Seriously, you, doing this, might just be the hottest thing ever. But don't hold me to that, the night is yo-oh.” Steve had stopped moving, and Tony realized that Steve was pulling at his shirt, and he was pulling at Steve's shirt, and they were just going to get tangled... He dropped his feet and took a step back, taking Steve's shirt with him. Steve got Tony's shirt over his head, but when Tony caught a glimpse of the arc reactor's light, he had a moment of shock, of horror at his strange cyborg nature. He took another couple of steps back, quick and light, pressing both shirts to it like he could hide it.
, now that the hard part was over, he could maybe start thinking about... Well, kissing and all of that. He could look at Tony's lips across the table and wonder how they would feel against his. He could watch those hands, usually so mobile, currently moving tikka masala mechanically from bowl to mouth, but still elegant. He could think about Tony's body, usually barely-covered in worn t-shirts and old jeans, but with wiry muscle showing through. Oh, those muscles. For all he talked about getting people to do things for him, Tony preferred to do everything in his lab himself, and when that was electronics and robotics, he ended up lifting and hauling some pretty substantial chunks of metal, and it showed. He would never compare to some of the 'gym rats' Steve had seen on Coney Island this summer, but then again Tony didn't try for his muscles. He just lived his life, and a fantastic body just sort of happened for him. Once, Steve would have been jealous, but now he was mostly enjoying the view.
Steve nodded absently and drifted off to the side, toward a canvas that was nothing but a swathe of red on the top half and a swathe of green on the bottom half. His hand lifted, as if he wanted to touch the paint, but he restrained himself, just breathing in and out as if he could absorb the color through his lungs and skin. After a few minutes, something caught his attention, and his glance darted over to the next canvas, his feet following helplessly after. Tony was utterly charmed by his honest appreciation, and willingly lost track of time as Steve lingered in front of each painting, caught in contemplation.
Tony was glowing just as much, but somehow in a dirtier way. “Well, you know, if you want to make it even more obvious, we could give each other hickeys right now...” Steve didn't recognize the term at first, but when Tony started biting at his neck, he got it, fast. Oh, wow, Tony wanted to mark him up, wanted to show him off... Oh, wow, that was awful hot...
that loudly in her presence, she'll know, and frankly I'm not going to break it up if she tries to hurt you.”
Steve couldn't help laughing. “What I cannot believe is how spoiled you are!” He bent, getting one hand under Tony's knees and the other around his shoulders. Tony sighed happily and draped his arms around Steve's neck. (Steve took a moment to ensure that Tony's robe was tucked properly around him. Wouldn't do to
Tony nodded, a little vaguely. “Yes, please, no, thank you, more, harder, softer.” His hips jerked a little, one way then another, his jock already full and heavy. “I'm ready, please, Captain...”
Steve was nuzzling harder now, and his hips were starting to rock against Tony's thighs. He nipped at Tony's collarbone, and Tony couldn't repress the shiver that went through him. Steve moaned and left a trail of sloppy kisses across Tony's throat and up to his ear. “God, baby... You're so warm... Feel good... Wanna make you feel sooo good...” He rolled his hips, with unmistakable purpose, and Tony's hips snapped forward. “Mmm, yeah... Please, Tony, please let me fuck you... Make me feel alive...”
” that looked promising, but when they peered in, the whole thing was dizzyingly busy, and they shook their heads at each other and moved down a floor to the Contemporary Galleries, where Tony started out explaining the references Warhol was making, and ended up ranting for half an hour about the pretentiousness of pop-art “remixes”. Steve had to haul him out when his voice started to rise and attract attention.
He'd been working for a good chunk of time when Steve shifted and drew his awareness. Tony looked over, then back at his schematics, then back and forth a couple of times, starting to feel... guilty? Maybe? Weird in some way, anyhow. He cleared his throat. “Soooooo, when I said I might have to modify the suit to Dom you properly, what I may have meant is, I have several longstanding jack off fantasies involving very specific modifications to the suit, which I now seem to be actively planning. Does that freak you out?”
Tony burst out laughing. “Oh, my god, your face! No, no, I'm sorry to say, I'm not joking, there really are, it's just, you're...” He laughed again, some of it relief that this was all going so frighteningly well. “Well, good, glad that's on both our 'no' lists. Moving on?”
As they approached the Museum of Modern Art, Tony put in a phone call that had them ushered in through a side door, but the staff withdrew discreetly after pointing the way. They followed the directions, turning the corner into the Special Exhibitions Gallery, and Steve stopped short in awe. All around him were broad swathes of color, on canvases as large as him, drawing his eyes from one to the next. He took a couple of shaky steps into the room, then turned slowly, trying to take them all in at once. He found he was clutching his art supplies to his chest, his breathing a little ragged. “They're so
Stephen sighed. “Hello, Mr Stark. Now will you explain what’s wrong? I assume it’s to do with the rather noxious magical aura around you?”
Steve cleaned himself up a bit, then took the warm washcloth back to the bed, knelt next to Tony, and slowly, gently, carefully, wiped up all the various bodily fluids he was coated in. He even rolled him onto his side for a moment, to wipe up the streaks on his front. Tony made a few happy mumbles, but was completely limp and pliant. Steve felt a warm glow in his chest that he'd gotten Tony to this state.
. He and Steve were going out together, they were going to have a couple of nice meals, talk about art and probably all sorts of other shit, and enjoy their time together.
Steve grinned at him and took his hand, standing easily. “And I have some interesting thoughts about alternate uses for that syrup.” He licked the side of Tony's neck, as if to illustrate. Tony shivered and melted against him. Tangled together, they stumbled over to the elevator, which opened after a moment to reveal nothing but an insulated bag wafting enticing smells. They staggered in, and JARVIS brought them up to their living level.
This time Tony let the subject be changed. He found himself at a surprising loss for words anyway. Now that the rush of adrenalin from hearing that word, from
Steve was on his side, head propped on one hand, and he was grinning back, but there was something a little off about it. “Well, I'm glad you're pleased with yourself.”  (Oh, shit. Number 84, Putting On A Brave Face!)
with one waffle each (thick, fluffy things, redolent with spices, that seemed amazingly decadent), one with French toast, one of eggs...
Tony's jock twitched, and he swallowed, blinked, swallowed again. “Second... Oh, right. Teeth. Most, most people, they don't like... like teeth. Try not to-”
Tony groaned and tried to squirm closer to Steve, even though he was already sprawled across his chest. “Noooo... No' gonna go ou'side... Don' wanna get outta bed...” Steve chuckled and wrapped his arms around Tony. “Neeeed cooooofffeeee....” Tony froze for a moment, then pulled back to look at Steve with wide, startled eyes. “I... didn't want coffee... all weekend.” He sat up sharply, suddenly wide awake. “I haven't even
For the next one he used mostly blues, palest right in the middle, where the arc reactor was, darker along his arms and the underside of his chin, almost fiery deep in his eyes. He even added cobalt and deepest indigo in the shadows of his own hands, hinting at the bruises he'd just barely started leaving. He was just turning the page over again, imagining a scene he wanted to create, when JARVIS broke into his reverie. “Captain? Sir is on his way upstairs. If you were planning to meet him...”
Midmorning on Monday, Pepper walked into Tony's office without knocking, carrying a medium-sized shipping box. “Tony, why did I get a package addressed to Pepper 'best assistant anyone could ask for' Potts? This is not the right size to be a new pair of Jimmy Choos. Also, still the boss.”
Steve leaned forward. “I know Peter Pan. I saw it on stage when I was a kid.” He chuckled and leaned back again. “Actually, yeah, Clint, you should definitely be the one to tell Thor that story.”
too early to even think about saying it, though he realized he already felt it. And they hadn't even gotten their pants off yet! He tried to put it into the kiss instead. “I don't ever want you to hide it from me.”
Tony nodded against his chest. “Yeah, seriously wow.” Steve felt him tense up and lift his head, and looked down to see his eyes a little wild. “Steve, God, you have no idea how much I want- But I'm screwed up, I screw up everyone around me, you shouldn't-”
Tony laughed. “Pretty sure that was my social set. So very sorry the ultra-rich have nothing better to do with our time than breed increasingly tiny pets. Probably should have gone for that solving world hunger thing first, eh?” He took an ostentatiously large bite of his sandwich, just to watch Steve roll his eyes and try to suppress his grin.
Thor, well, he was boisterous, and that was good too. “Excellent! Our leader has a shield-mate, this will be excellent for the team!” Shield-mate. Someone to stand back-to-back with him against everything the world, the
Steve was wearing his nicest pair of slacks, and a button-down shirt in cobalt, a shade he knew brought out his eyes, but he fully expected to be completely outshone by Tony's clothes. As he waited for Tony to finish getting ready and come down, he alternated between pacing the communal living room and flipping through the sketchbook he had run out last night to buy, staring at all those blank pages just waiting to document and commemorate this day.
On the other hand, day six sucked. He had spent most of it with one eye watching in morbid fascination as the creamy white marble crept, millimeter by millimeter, down his olive arms. Of course, the other eye had been on his team, mentally filing away all their quirks, their mannerisms and turns of phrase. Irrational as it seemed, he wanted to imprint all of this on his memory, burn it into his very self as if someone might read it, etched into his core, someday far in the future. (Oh, great, and now he was getting poetic. See what dying can do to an otherwise sane person?) Everyone else seemed to be watching his arms, too, little sidelong glances and pauses that were just a touch too long. Tony wanted to hate it, but couldn’t quite bring himself to.
“Oh. Well, then.” Tony tried not to let his disappointment show. The night didn't have to be completely over yet, right? “I guess we can-”
about knowing! Adapt, Rogers! Adapt and survive... “They made something? I thought they were going to the pictures?”
Nat was grinning widely too. “Ooh, we should have buttons. Or shirts? I could rock a 'Bi and Proud' shirt...” Wait, what was happening?
Steve felt it as Tony's breathing changed, shorter, harsher, almost panting; he pulled his mouth off Tony's jock entirely, shifting to lick at his balls. Tony whined and squirmed, but his breathing also started to calm. Steve made a little rumble of happiness and spent some time exploring Tony's balls with his mouth, running his tongue and his lips along them, sucking a little on the skin of them... When Tony was back to long, ragged breaths, Steve once again engulfed his jock in his mouth, and sucked gently.
She smiled, and nodded approvingly. “Alright, then. I'll tell him to tone it down for a couple weeks, and I'll get working on that press conference. I know I don't have to tell you to watch out for him.”
He was close, now, right at the knife's edge of orgasm. He managed to meet Steve's eyes for a moment, and saw that he was close too. Then Steve's hand wrapped around his cock and stroked it twice, three times... Tony was pretty sure he bellowed as he came, but he couldn't quite tell through the wash of light and soundless sound that overtook him.
. I was thinking I could just order Chinese, and we can watch movies on the couch.” He tried to look hopeful but not pathetically eager.
“Tony! Tony, baby, wake up, it's just a dream!” His eyes snapped open, and he tried to bring up his hand in repulsor-firing position, but he was still trapped, he still couldn't breathe- “I got you, you're ok...” His head swiveled to the source of the voice, and his eyes locked on to other eyes, the bluest blue made even more blue by the arc reactor. The corners of the blue eyes crinkled a little in a smile as Tony tried to process who- what- “Hold still, baby, you're all tangled in the blankets, let me get you there...” Steve. Steve was... here! Tony went completely limp, and let his partner-
Steve reached over and took a forkful of potato salad of his own. “Oh, now you're going to bring my age into this? You know, back in my day, we had respect for our elders, there was none of this talking back...”
Before he could even think about it, Tony was back on the bed, stretching out next to, but not quite touching, Steve. “Hey, I'm pretty pleased with you, too. That was incredible. Seriously. I never would have guessed that it was your first time. And I won't tell people if you don't want me to.” He was suddenly overcome with fear, almost panic, and he turned his face away, talking to the pillow rather than Steve's face. “I mean, we don't have to tell anyone about any of this, if you don't want to. I know people don't brag about me, except to the tabloids.”
, baby, please fuck me...” He flailed one arm in the general direction of the bedside drawer with the lube, until Steve growled and lunged for it. A moment later, he was back, pressing his lips roughly to Tony's, driving his tongue into Tony's mouth almost mercilessly. Tony groaned again, his hips rocking up against whatever part of Steve was closest. Steve was already popping open the bottle of lube, slicking up his fingers, and now he slid his hand between them, down to Tony's hole. Before Tony could even finish his moan of approval, Steve was sliding one finger into him.
for the evening. He ran his hands up and down Tony's back and ass a few times, then grabbed him by the thighs and stood up, as smoothly as he could manage. Tony groaned in pleasure, and tangled his fingers in Steve's hair even as his legs wrapped around Steve's waist. Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, but Steve loved to be able to do this. To pick up a full-grown man, and carry him across the apartment like a child (nothing like a child, Steve loved Tony's goatee and his very adult erection, oh, God, their jocks were rubbing together again, that would probably never stop being amazing), made him feel
Tony couldn't help the smirk that broke out, could barely restrain a full-bore grin. “Well, look, don't say anything, but you know how back in college I had one fantasy I talked about more than anything?” Rhodey nodded, warily at first and then with dawning comprehension (and maybe a little good-natured horror). Tony grinned wider. “Let's just say, reality is even better.”
go to Farber's lecture on n-space reversals, didn't you?” He led Bruce through to the dining room, still peppering him with questions, and the rest of them trailed after.
. They could kiss on a street corner in Brooklyn, or in Times Square, and the most likely reaction from strangers would be cheers and whistling. The future was
Steve slid his fingers through Tony's hair. “Good pet. Sleep now?” Tony was startled at his first two words, and more so at the rush of affection (and relief? Where did that come from?) that flooded him, but he was also suddenly far too tired to think about that or anything else. He tossed the washcloth in the general direction of the hamper, gathered up the blankets, and laid down with his head on Steve's shoulder and one of his thighs draped over both of Steve's. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's waist, and Tony slid happily into sleep.
, out in public, having meals and taking in culture together. Hah, the way the paparazzi followed Tony around, there were likely to be pictures of them in the papers tomorrow anyway. As Steve ducked around a delivery truck and vaulted a hand cart, he wondered if any of the photos would show them off well together, and if he could get his hands on them... And then he realized that at least one of the tabloids would likely insinuate that they
, you want to kiss me. Because I want to kiss y-” He was cut off by Tony's lips latching on to his, and Holy God, it was good. Skin-scorchingly good. Steve had no idea kissing could be this good. Tony's tongue was exploring his mouth, coaxing Steve's tongue into his own mouth... Their arms were wrapped around each other, pressing their chests close, and their jocks... Steve never wanted this moment to end, but he also was desperate to get to the rest of it, his body screaming for it... Tony broke the kiss, and Steve took a moment to pant for breath. “Well, I guess that answers that. Wow.”
Steve put his hand on Tony's back, and rubbed in soothing little circles. “Hey, hey, I was just checking. I have a vested interest in your continued good health, you know.” Tony shot him a look out of the corner of his eye, and Steve grinned at him.
Steve pulled his own sleep pants and t-shirt out of his duffel bag and onto his body, then twined his fingers with Tony's as they headed downstairs to the communal kitchen. Tony headed directly for the coffee maker while Steve pulled out cereal and a bowl. He sighed at the back of Tony's head. “Please tell me you plan you have some solid food, and not just survive on caffeine all day?” Tony sighed back, as if the whole thing was a huge hardship, but he dug a loaf of bread out of the cabinet and stuck a couple slices in the toaster. Steve smiled at him. “Thank you, baby, that makes me feel much better.” He poured juice in a glass and milk on his cereal, then took the whole thing over to the table and sat.
The answering chuckle was low, rough, and so beautiful Steve's heart ached. “Captain America is asking Iron Man if something makes him a bad person. I think I might be in an alternate dimension. That's fine, this one's better anyway.” Tony squirmed around until he could press his shoulder to Steve's knee and rest his head on Steve's thigh. He met Steve's eyes and smiled goofily. “This is the best dimension.” They leaned in and shared a long, soft kiss. “I wanna stay here forever.”
Steve moved down again, unbuttoning the last buttons and untucking the shirt. He kissed Tony's solar plexus, then dropped to his knees and kissed just above the waistband of Tony's pants. Tony let out his breath in a whoosh. “Oh, God, look at you. Look at-” Steve glanced up through his lashes, and Tony groaned. Steve chuckled, his breath hot on Tony's already-sensitive skin, and went to work on his button and zipper. Tony sagged against the door as Steve slid slacks and boxers over his hips (over his erection, God, how could this incredible man-) and down his thighs just enough, then swallowed his cock down in one hot, wet movement. Tony whimpered and tangled one hand in Steve's hair, needing the anchor, and gave himself up to- “Star-Spangled Plan. Good stuff.”
Tony grinned, and, with his usual complete lack of self-preservation instinct, slung an arm around Bruce's shoulder. “Well, good, then you can explain to me how Farber can possibly- you
Tony licked his lips, buying time. Really, no one had ever asked him like that, like he was allowed to give his own answer instead of what they expected to hear. “I-” Why was it so hard to breathe? The worst he could do was say no, right? It would be ok, c'mon Stark, you can do this... “I want you. I want to date you, I want this-” he gestured to their naked bodies “-all the time, god, I want to take out billboards and tv ads telling the whole damn world that we're together. I want anything you'll give me!” He was gasping and, greatly daring, he pressed his face to Steve's chest, sucking in the scent of sweat and sex. “I know I'm going to fuck it up, and I'm already sorry, you can quote me on that later, but if you'll let me, I want to try in the meantime.”
Tony cocked his head. “Never been with a guy?” Steve shifted his shoulders, seeming embarrassed now, and the penny dropped. Tony pulled back a little in surprise. “Never been with
Steve turned to give him a long look. “You really think I'm getting back to sleep tonight either? What part of 'not ignoring this and leaving you alone with your misery' did you not understand?”
Tony shifted. “Gah, not right now, these things are serious business. You got a good arm on you, Rogers.” Steve knew his smirk was wider now, and he suspected it was pretty dirty too. “Right now we need something cute we don't have to pay too much attention to. JARVIS, give us some Cary Grant.”
Tony looked up, a little embarrassed, from where he was opening a soup container full of maple syrup. “This was a thing Pepper and I did, most Sundays. I hope that doesn't make it weird.” He couldn't quite meet Steve's eyes.
Steve turned bright red, but he was looking pretty happy, too. “I, yeah, that's, that's a good idea. So, um, see you for dinner?”
Oh, wow, he was so thoughtful. Or maybe just horny, but that was good by Steve too. “I, yeah, that's, that's a good idea. So, um, see you for dinner?” Oh, so awkward. At least Tony seemed to find it endearing...
And now Tony was laughing at him! This was just getting worse... Everything had been so perfect... “Oh, my God, I just deflowered Captain America!” Steve's mood was crashing. Was Tony going to go blabbing to the papers about what they'd just done? Could Steve just die of mortification right now? “Oh, my God! That was you without any practice or experience or anything? Hot damn, get you some training, you are going to be a sex god, I don't know whether I want to share you with everyone, or at least the people I want to reward, or just keep you for myself and gloat to people that they will never have sex as good as what I'm getting.” Well, ok, that didn't sound quite so terrible... “Oh, my God, I just took Steve Rogers' virginity!” Steve blinked, and Tony was standing up and dancing around.
Tony shifted one hand to wrap it around Steve's jock, and he abruptly realized how close he actually was to orgasm. “Oh, God, yes, please, I'm gonna, I need to, please...” Tony gave him a few quick strokes, thrusting in and out of him in the same rhythm, and Steve orgasmed so hard he actually thought he might be dying. His whole body spasmed and jerked, random nerves firing impulses in every direction, and he was distantly aware that he was clenching around Tony, and that Tony was crying out, and, OH, spurting into him, and oh, my GOD, that was another orgasm, hard on the heels of the previous. He completely lost consciousness for a second or two, then drifted for a timeless time in the space between conscious and unconscious.
Steve blinked as that processed. “I- Wow. Um, you're welcome?” He flashed on Tony's usual 'beer with dinner, scotch in the evening, every single day' routine, and frowned a little. “Tony... Do you usually drink every day?”
When the staff was sufficiently cowed, he finally let himself retreat to his lab and close the door. He had about fifteen new ideas bouncing around in his brain, and he put in a good solid couple of hours drawing up blueprints, making notes, and generally being a genius. But then his happiness bubbled up again, and he
, Marco.” The old man grinned and looked as if he might keep asking questions. Tony gestured extravagantly to Steve. “No, Marco, this is so much better. I have a
And some awful good advice, too. Hopefully he could follow it. “Believe me, I plan to try. Tough with this one, though.” Tony was going to be a tough nut to crack, but Steve knew it would be worth it, to both of them.
Ten minutes later, Tony was laying a sheet over the couch (“So we can sit out here naked and not worry about the upholstery.”) while Steve set out the rest of the Chinese food. Tony went to flop down, then remembered his welts and sat quite a bit more carefully, which made Steve smug. He could tell he was smirking as he dug in to the beef with broccoli. “This is really nice. I'd like to do this all the time.”
Tony grinned back, and shifted the things in his arms so he could lean in for a kiss. “Hello, handsome, yourself.” He glanced at Steve's burdens, then, when the doors opened, headed out of the elevator and toward the bar and serving area. “Why don't you put that stuff in the bedroom while I lay this out? You gonna go back for the rest of it later?”
, that was amazing!” He lifted one hand, waving it about in a lethargic imitation of his usual gesticulation. “God, I think I've had more orgasms this weekend than I'd had in any previous
He took a deep breath, then another, letting his hips move as they would, but otherwise trying to calm himself down a little, trying to let himself build up to the next one a little slower. He deliberately slowed everything down, letting his hands drift, drinking in all of Tony's little noises and needy words. “You're so beautiful like this, pet, dripping with sweat and begging to cum... God, I could keep you like this all night and you'd beg for tomorrow, too. Mmm...” He pinched and pulled Tony's nipples, moaning at the way that made Tony's inner muscles clench
As everyone settled into grins and chowing down, he cleared his throat. “Though I have been thinking about something. It's the end of September, right? So... National Coming Out Day is in just a couple of weeks. I'm thinking, press conference, big announcement, et cetera, et cetera. I can do it alone if you guys don't want to-”
Steve took a deep and appreciative sniff of his food as the waitress set it in front of him, barely managing to not moan and creep the poor girl out. He took a careful bite of fettuccine carbonara, rolling it around in his mouth, and stifled another moan at the taste. “God, you know all the best restaurants.” Tony grinned and nibbled on his lasagna. Steve looked down at his food, then up at Tony through his lashes. “You know, I was colorblind growing up?” Tony leaned in, intrigued, and Steve nodded. “Half of that, back there, probably would have been wasted on me as a kid. 'S part of why I work mostly in charcoal and pencils. I'm starting to think I need to pick up oil paints, though. Those Rothkos....” He sighed in appreciation.
She started to wave the screen away, then paused. “You too, Steve. Oh, and Steve? If he breaks your heart, let me know, I'll help you plot his painful demise.” He was startled into a laugh, and when the call ended he thought maybe he had another to add to his funny little family.
There was nothing in Tony's world anymore but Steve's voice, the sweet fire Steve's hands had made of every inch of his skin (except those few inches that craved it the most), and the deliciously obscene feeling of Steve's cum filling him up and dripping (
Tony slurped his coffee, and Steve was almost embarrassed at how endearing he found that. “I get that I might have made you a bit hungry, but do the two of us really need this much food?”
Steve was breathless with the perfection of the moment. He pushed aside all the implements on the bed and laid down on his side next to Tony, pressing his front to Tony's side and covering everywhere he could reach with kisses. “Oh, baby, oh, pet, so gorgeous, so perfect, my perfect pet, my beautiful baby...” He kept that up until Tony's blinking slowed, until he got his breathing under control and opened his mouth to speak.
Tony let out a bitter laugh, knowing that he had given his heart away a long time ago, to someone who was just a poster on the wall back then. “Yeah. Ironic, that. Well, thanks for all the help you haven’t been, Doc. I’ll make sure to leave you something in my will.” He did his best impression of storming out of the conference room, which was more pathetic and stompy, considering the whole “turning to stone” thing had made it most of the way up his calves by now. At this rate, his knees wouldn’t bend by dinnertime. The ride up to the Avengers’ private floors was silent, JARVIS wisely not trying to give him false hope.
Steve panted as he struggled to get his bearings. “I- I almost- God, Tony, I'm so sorry!” He started to reach for him, but stopped himself, curling both hands against his chest. “I don't...” He realized he was trembling.
The elevator dinged open on the communal floor, and Clint bounced out. “Oh, my God, that was so much fun! We totally have to do the next one, too, we could get the team to do it, I don't know if I want us all to be one crew, or split up and see what everyone comes up with!” He leaned into the stairwell and up. “Hey, lovebirds! Put on some pants and come see what we made this weekend!”
Steve had a natural talent for adjusting to new situations. Secretly, he suspected that was part of why he'd taken to the Serum so easily- he just... adapted, and made the best of the new circumstance. So he thought he was dealing pretty well with preparing to freeze and/or drown to death, and then waking up 70 years in the future. (The future itself was a whole different story. There was a lot more to adjust to there...) When he'd been at the SHIELD barracks, he'd been friendly enough with the others that they probably thought of him as an actual friend (though he hadn't let himself get close to any of them, he wasn't ready for that yet), and when Stark had invited them all to move in to his tower, he'd agreed more from a logistics and tactics standpoint than anything.
Tony was perfectly happy with that, until his stomach grumbled. “Dammit, Rogers, what the Hell? You've got my body expecting food on a regular basis!” He pushed himself up and back to sit against the headboard.
Tony shrugged, aiming for casual. “Well, you never know how much time you've got left, don't want my biographers to get that detail wrong.” He smiled a little, relieved that Rhodey wasn't kicking up a fuss at the reveal of a secret Tony had
There was a long silent moment, then Tony heard himself say, “Welcome to the club!” He felt a smile (oh, god, please don't let it be the manic grin, please, not the manic grin...) stretch across his face.
threw at them. That sounded awful good to Steve. “You must vow to discuss your troubles with one another, lest they fester within and poison you, and then us.”
Tony jumped. “Well, you know, now that you mention it...” Steve could feel the scorch of his gaze, down and up again. “But I did want to say... So, I know I promised you nice suits and a classy meal, but I was hoping you didn't want that
“Tony.” It was firm, very Captainy, and Tony could hear echoes of every order Steve had ever given. It made his knees weak; he sagged, just a little, against the reassuring bulk of Steve's torso. “Tony...” And this one was softer, almost fond. “You want this, yes?” Tony found he had no words, so he just nodded enthusiastically. Steve grinned. “So do I. Oh, I want...” This time he leaned down, reclaiming Tony's lips, sliding his tongue into Tony's mouth, and Tony fell into it again.
Steve figured that was enough to be working with. He leaned the rest of the way down and very precisely molded his lips to the place where the head and shaft met. Tony let out a whine of pure animal lust, his body falling back onto the bed and his hips trying to thrust up, but Steve's arm across his thigh pinned him in place, and Steve grinned on the inside. He flicked his tongue out to taste Tony, and found his slit already slick with pre-cum. And, oh, it was good! A little tangy, a little salty, he definitely wanted more. He licked at it a couple more times, and relished the whimpers from Tony.
