“It’s about time for me to get rid of you, isn’t it?” The Goblin hisses at him. Peter grits his teeth together and turns his head to the side. There’s no witty comeback coming from him, only grunts and wishes that somebody quickly comes to his help. Normally he would have taken care of the Goblin himself, but whatever he’s done to his back… holy crap, this hurts like hell!
He looks to the side, trying to catch a glimpse of the picture that is now lying upside down. He wants to reach for it, but he doesn’t. She wants him to wait until this evening, and he’ll do damn well what she asks!
happy about being excluded from the interview. And it’s not really that, either. An actual talkshow with the current members of the Avengers now that they’re back. It’s
It’s been a long day. It’s been a little while since Tony’s been awakened early in the morning by a very enthusiastic child, but as it so happens, little Annie never really changes on that front no matter how old she gets. Whether it’s five or ten, she always stays that hyperactive child that behaves too much like her own father.
“Just make sure that they don’t kill him,” he answers surprised at how even his voice sounds. Then he clears his throat and looks around. “I’ll better clean it up a little bit.”
“The Queen has her sources, she found the one who used you to attack this town in the first place.” “Who the f- Thanos? Loki?”
“I’ll ask her. In the meantime you should probably look over those other journals. They could maybe shed some light on that whole DNA-business,” Bruce says, pointing at the box while he starts heading for the door. Right when it slides open, Bruce bumps up against a larger figure.
Peter hadn’t found a response for that. He was actually rather surprised that she hadn’t just broken into his Dad’s accounts to just wire the money to herself, but then again, Tony would have tracked that money back just as easily.
And suddenly the roles are reversed, and Steve is towering above Tony, worshipping the engineer’s chest in such an adoration that makes Tony once again melt on the spot. All too soon, things are starting to get extremely tight in his pants. Every part of him tells him to stop right now.
“We had a tough time, with you being unable to get on the transplant list. Luckily, Mr. Rogers decided to help. Even more luckily that he was a match, too.”
“Maybe during summer break? I mean, now with the final coming closer, my mom doesn’t want me to do big things like that. And not everybody is a big genius like you are,” Ned teases him with a wink. Peter just scoffs.
As soon as he had opened the door, he had heard Yaël yell “WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU DON’T KNOW FREDDY MERCURY?! I’M NOT EVEN FROM THIS PLANET AND I KNOW HIM!” she had signed at X that he had to wait for a second as she was busy with a ‘life changing’ lesson. So the fifteen minutes that were over left, she went through some of Queen’s greatest hits. Charles had been grinning the whole time. It wasn’t a question anymore, Yaël really liked her new job, just because she had no curriculum to follow or evaluations to make.
With his hands in his pockets and his eyes looking down at the ground, Peter isn’t really aware of what’s happening in front of him, which is why he’s taken by surprise when he suddenly walks up against somebody.
“I can’t go to Germany!” Peter quickly counters, though he knows he wants to. Only, as Peter Parker, rather than Spider-Man. He loves being Spider-Man, but not around Tony, because that means he has to hold himself back.
FRIDAY says, but the way she’s speaking sounds weird, as if she’s trying to give away another, unspoken message. “
“I sent you some of our results on your tablet,” she says with a clear uneasy look on her face. Then her eyes rest on Steve for a few seconds before turning to Tony. “First analysis indicate a non-existent substance. So far, we’ve gathered nothing about it other than it seeming quite indestructible. They’re trying out a few things.”
“Did you forget to take your sleeping-medication?” she nodded. He stroke the back of her head with his thumb. “I informed Mr. Rogers, he’ll come here the moment the aircraft comes down.”
“I suggest we go to a bar, have a night out?” he suggests. When Clint breathes in to start talking, Steve quickly interrupts. “Without alcohol.”
“Oh.” Thor blinked, obviously not knowing what to say as everything that came out of Korg’s mouth always sounded like it was no big deal.
“What?! You have separate compartments?! Man, that Grandmaster was a sexist.” Yaël knocked on a door and pulled it open when nobody answered. With some fiddling to hold the door open while steering the wheelchair, she finally managed to get herself in her compartment.
“What happened to your phone?” she asks, following him back to the elevator but then tugging on his arm. “The elevator doesn’t work, I took the stairs.”
Yaël walked, for a last time, back to her bedroom. There she put a post-it on her night table with the words “Gonna see the world” on it.
So far, Natasha hasn’t returned. She must be the last person they’re expecting, but Peter doesn’t really know the guests from the tables in the back. When he tries to look up, he’s once again surprised at the amount of people that is present.
“I’m not sure,” Peter says. “The suit… it came out of nowhere. I woke up with it one night. There was no Karen, none of any of your other tech.”
“I, uh…” he starts, probably wondering why a weird, hyper-active young-adult is trying to make him realize these kinds of things. “I still do, yes.”
FRIDAY tells him. Then, in just a matter of seconds, a whole Iron Man suit forms in front of him. He looks it over, checking out if everything is in working order. He looks over the thrusters, the flight stabilizers, the helmet. All in all, it looks pretty good.
Peter bites his lip, about ready to apologize to MJ about Johnny. She surprises him by putting her head on his shoulder and taking his hand into her own. He can’t help but let his mouth drop open in surprise. Peter blinks a few times, waiting for reality to kick back in.
She should call Cap and ask him… Yaël used to discuss everything with the man, because it always seemed he had some kind of answer to all of her weird questions and his patience was golden. She could ask these mutant-questions to Wade too, but the whole point was that she missed calling Steve for the simplest things. And having a conversation with Wade could go anywhere instead of getting answers.
He can see the redheaded girl sitting on one of the blue stools. She’s putting her tangled red curls into a messy bun, and her sneaker-covered feet are making tapping noises on the ground – probably nerves. Peter wonders if he should go talk to her, but then decides not to. He doesn’t even know that girl; why should he? Besides, she’s a bit rude.
“These smart arms are controlled by my brain through a neuro-link,” Otto explains while letting the arms dance around a bit above his head. “Nanowires feed directly into my cerebellum, allowing me to use these arms to control the fusion reaction in an environment no human hand could ever.”
Taking the sample is a quick process, and before Peter knows it he’s already walking into the hallway. He hasn’t had a tour of the building yet, and he figures it’s only normal for him to get lost, but there’s just too much pride in him to go back and ask for the way.
Tony often still wonders if it was the right thing to do to let him keep it. Peter searches for the danger, and never really avoids it. That’s what he’s gathered from watching him in the past. Where, at first, it had seemed like a good, strong quality, now all Tony can really do is continuously worry about him. He figures May doesn’t know it yet, otherwise she would never even let him leave the house.
“I’ve been thinking about what you said; about me giving this internship a shot,” Peter explains, wondering if he’s actually lying right here? “I figured it’s time for me to get my act back together.”
“I’m not a kid,” Peter says lowly, and that’s when Tony snaps, at last. For the first time ever since he met Peter, he actually snaps at him.
“Uh,” Peter lets out, not really knowing where to start. He just puts Ned’s arm over his shoulder and starts taking him the right way.
“Wade, I’m pretty sure Cable isn’t going to be happy you took his watch,” Charles chastises him, though only barely.
“Just, calm down,” he said as he stepped closer to her and took her hands to stop the scratching. Yaël looked a bit surprised, she hadn’t even noticed she was doing it. “Now, tell me, what did you see during your fever? Did you see, like, chimerical appearances? Because these are probably the memories you’re blocking out.”
“Oh, honey, remember that one time when I took you to the arcade as a date?” Tony suddenly asks, pulling on Steve’s hand to get his attention. Steve quickly turns to him, nodding in agreement.
Linda calls out and then she hangs up the phone at the exact time a police car arrives, which means that it’s time for Peter to leave. It’s not that the cops are actually looking for him, still, but he just doesn’t feel like talking much – especially since there’s something bad enough around that requires the Avengers to assemble – and probably at Oscorp. Of course…
“You’re not leaving this tower until we’ve taken that suit off of you,” Tony warns him. Peter stares for a little bit longer, finally deciding to walk back to them after a few seconds of silence. The others seem to relax at his sudden will to co-operate, though Tony is still eyeing him suspiciously.
The people listens while he explains what exactly he’s going to make. While Tony knows that his arc reactor-energy makes clean energy, it’s in no way free, sadly. Apparently, Otto seems to want to change that.
Steve gets a seat at another table, his chair next to Sam’s. The guard releases his right hand, but binds his left one to the chair. Sam looks at it disapprovingly, but nobody comments on it. Rhodey takes careful steps until he’s seated behind Tony. Next to him, Sharon starts making her way. Peter wonders why she’s here, since she’s not exactly enhanced? But, on the other hand, she’s also part of a secret organization that works with superheroes. She might as well be here.
“I thought I was born without any powers… That’s why I’m not always that good at controlling them, I gained them too late I think,” she mumbled.
“Whoa, this is a lot lighter than I expected,” she calls out, moving it around a bit in her surprise.
“Save everything under a new file. Call it ‘Bleeding Edge’,” he says, naming the first thing that comes to mind.
“Good, I love to play games. See you later, Yaël. Maybe then, I’ll be wearing your friends’ skins as a jacket.”
“Look! I don’t know who you think Venom is, but it’s not me, alright?” Peter calls out, putting his hands on his chest. “I’m-“
“No, it’ll be at the compound! But it’s not going to be something big, just a little get-together with everybody,” he explains. That involves bringing Ned and MJ around to the compound. It’s obvious that the former was
“Let’s skip the travelling-part, shall we? Nothing interesting happens here, you know… We just walk into the city and leave Raido at the walls, get cloaked, sneak into the backyard of the castle and get in by using the door that’s only used by the lower servants.”
Steve had responded, and then he stands up and joins Tony to the bathroom. After that, the shot changes. It’s indeed in the bathroom, and the shower is indeed running with the two men underneath it.
“Done,” she mumbled as she stopped tapping the body heat from the guard on the floor. She turned around and faced Korg and Miek with a wide grin.
“Is Felicia going to grace us with her presence tonight?” Johnny asks once Peter’s back. Peter just shakes his head and heads towards the door. Johnny closes it behind him, locking it while Peter starts heading towards the door that leads to the stairwell.
“I’ll make it up to you,” he then says. “I’m still working on that new suit. How about you help me out with it? That way it’ll get finished sooner, and you can give it your input as well.”
“You know, you and Stark have a lot in common,” he says, then gesturing his finger in Dum-E’s way. “He keeps on threatening to sell this guy to schools as well. Though everybody knows he won’t do that. I’m surprised even that you manage to keep working with him. Other interns spent one hour with him only to request another partner.”
Peter’s not too sure how the first, initial idea came to him. It’s been there for a few years now, perhaps. The first thought of it came up when he offered that money to the homeless woman, disguised as Spider-Man. He’d wanted to help, but he couldn’t because Spider-Man wasn’t supposed to be
“Listen, I don’t know why you don’t like him, Aunt May, but Mr. Stark is really teaching me so much!” Peter quickly comes to his defense. Aunt May lets out a shaky laugh, shaking her head as she stares him down. One of her hands goes back to her hair again.
“Eh, I kind of, eh, had this dream-“ aaand she went with the dream-story, great. “It was about a man I think I should know, but I actually don’t know him at all. Okay, that sounded crazy, but I-“
“I would love to,” he admits. Tony can feel his relieved breath on his skin. Automatically, he leans forward to steal a kiss, and instead of pulling away, Steve joins him. Lips pressed together, Steve still manages to speak when they part for those few milliseconds at a time. “We’ll start tomorrow, right? I just… I’ve missed you so much these past weeks and I really need you close now.”
“He stays out of my head. Claims that I should figure everything out on my own,” she explains. Peter lifts up an eyebrow. Wade clarifies.
“How so? You’re either together, or you aren’t. I don’t really think there’s an in-between unless you’re just friend with benefits?”
But, the test also came close to the release of a new game that he’d been waiting a long time for. Peter probably figures he’s been too busy playing to remember that he had a test.
Peter just goes on. He returns to school, his old suit in his bag but not aching to use it immediately. He’s pulled into the principal’s office, gets his well-deserved scolding before being allowed back to class. Nothing more than just detention for the following few weeks until they decide it’s enough. At least he’s not expelled.
Clint shakes his head, rolling his eyes. “Nu-uh, I think it would be great if the people would humanize us more, if anything.”
The suit makes a movement as if Tony’s accepting a drink somewhere. Oh crap, Peter really doesn’t like it when Tony drinks, even though it’s just something small. He doesn’t want Tony to fall back to his bad habits.
A bit too hot, but luckily, after meeting him for the third time now, she didn’t communicate with him that awkwardly anymore. Well, they actually spoke very naturally to each other, but on the other hand, he had never been nervous to talk to her. This man was confusing the living shit out of her. But maybe he didn’t even want to see her after all of this anymore, she was just a weird alien-girl after all. And she was more than two-thousand years older than him.
Steve had laughed despite himself. His stomach hurt, his head feeling as if it was about to split in two.
It goes on and on, the amount of people wandering in here becomes higher every day. But with everybody that comes in, another walks back out with a whole new future ahead of them. And that is something Miles is proud to say he’s a part of.
“That’s very poetic, coming from someone who has brought others into complete and utter danger for a bad cause more than once.” Loki did his typical smirk as an answer once again.
Yaël turned and looked around until she found two firm sticks. As soon as she found those, she started ticking against the carved horses in a certain rhythm.
Harry’s the first one to arrive. Technically, that’s not hard, since he still lives here. He comes in the room with his bags from the store. Before Peter can ask what he bought, he opens it up.
He doesn’t want to fight Steve. It feels all kinds of wrong, thinking that Tony would be ready to just face him like that, as if the past few months they’ve been spending together don’t mean anything anymore. Hadn’t they been happy? Do these accords really matter enough that they would give
They're divided in teams. In Peter's team there's Harry, Tony, Steve, Bruce, Sam, Wanda and Thor. The opposite team has Vision, Rhodey, Clint, Scott, Natasha, Brunnhilde (or Hilde, as everybody has gotten to call her) and Bucky. The simulation they're going for is mostly one that'll teach them in covert missions. Stealth and subtlety is their goal here.
“NO, WE’RE NOT GOING TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY THE GODDAMN FLUTE! Jeez, imagine the freaking headache…,” Yaël heard the door crack as it opened and stopped talking, or yelling. Standing there were Charles in company of Steve.
He doesn’t hear what they’re saying, only that Steve looks extremely grateful, pressing a kiss on Tony’s cheek before pulling him inside. That’s when Peter loses sight of them, and decides not to linger any longer.
Bucky, Sam and Clint are sitting a bit to the side. Not because they’ve been excluded from the others, but more because they’ve excluded themselves instead. As it turns out, they’ve found some sort of creature that came along from space, and now they’re trying to make it do tricks. Steve can’t help but roll his eyes when he sees it. They are, and will always be children. Bucky’s clothes are mostly black with a little bit of silver. Sam’s are black, white and red. Clint’s have his usual purple, along with a bit of black and grey.
“There’s no such thing, you idiot!” Sam counters. Tony can hear Scott, Bruce, Wanda and Vision laugh further away.
“Something wrong?” Peter dares to ask. He knows there’s a lot of things wrong with his dad, but there are a few occasions where he figures there’s something
Steve nods. He’s probably right. They all return to their room, and Steve keeps the phone next to him, ready to pick up when it goes off again.
It had been a few weeks later, while he and Sam were barging in an abandoned warehouse that had been a supposed lead to Bucky, that he got the call.
“Sir, I would advise you to get back inside and head to bed,” FRIDAY offers all of a sudden. Tony looks up at the dark sky, wondering how late it is.
“C’mon, lovebirds, we’re heading out,” Rhodey tells them. Not needing more prompting, MJ gets up from the couch and follows Rhodey out. Peter leaves a quick note for Johnny before closing the door behind him. Then he casts one more look at his bedroom, wondering if he’s right in leaving the suit here.
“C’mon baby boy, open those eyes, huh? Give me something.” It took Yaël a moment to realize it was Tony Stark, rocking Peter’s body. The father’s tears dripped on the son’s pale cheeks as Stark caressed through the boy’s hair.
“No, no, no, Steve, you don’t understand,” Tony clears his throat. “Convince him to sign those divorce papers. Tell him about me, tell him about what I’ve told you. Steve, I’m not
Feeling a sudden vibration in his pocket, Peter snatches out his phone from his pants. On the cracked screen, a picture of Happy shows up – one Tony once took for him. With sudden panic, he realizes he’s being called. In the meantime, Liz is asking another question.
So, trying not to look too suspicious about it, Peter starts looking behind every door. There isn’t really anybody inside any of the rooms, which make it conveniently easy for him to weasel out of every bedroom he passes.
They get to the bridge. There’s the usual amount of people there, though what they’re supposed to be doing Tony doesn’t really know. The first person he comes across is Maria Hill, who just nods at Steve, eyes Tony curiously, but gets back to her work without asking questions.
As soon as she saw the cage around her, she knew she was having that weird dream again. This was the third night on a row. Yaël looked around, but she already knew what she’d see.
And with that, Norman finally heads out. Though, in his way out, he manages to glance upwards to where Tony had been, but he’d been smart enough to move the moment Norman mentioned leaving. All the guy sees is an empty ceiling, so he walks out the door without any other question asked.
“Oh, come on,” he mutters bitterly. Hearing the police sirens, Peter decides it’s best to just get away. Handing the cat back to Mr. Delmar – he’s going to have to ask Tony about donating some money to the guy to build his shop back up – Peter hurries away. It’s probably time to head back home, after all. He hurries back to the alleyway to pick up his backpack, only to find that it’s no longer there.
,” Harry explains, pushing himself against the wall in an attempt to push himself up, but his feet slip away on the ground and he falls back on his ass. Immediately, he starts laughing, reminding Peter a little bit of ‘the Joker’ in those Batman movies
"I have a feeling- I think she's not as guilty as we think she is," the voice that belonged to the blonde guy stated.
Graves, what a weird concept; burying whole bodies. On Helvegen, the bodies were laid into a huge fire pit. The ashes were taken by the cavalry into the woods and freely flew out of the open bags as soon as the horses started galloping between the trees.
Sometimes she heard her phone ring somewhere, but even when it stopped, she felt like it kept ringing in her ears and everywhere around her for hours. When she fell asleep, she had weird nightmares. Yaël saw Raido pushing her into some kind of hole and shoveling dirt onto her more than once.
He didn’t expect it to end up with him practically telling him his whole life and revealing that the guy once knew his mother.
“Hold on tightly,” the Captain jokes, and with a loud thud and a hard shock, they are back on the ground. Surprisingly, the motorcycle is still driving forward, not even having a tiny little scratch at all.
A familiar voice yelled in Sil, the dialect between Norwegian and the old-language the elders still used. Raido’s horse, completely created from the water Raido was steering, stopped right in front of her before he jumped off. Raido was a tall, very muscular man, with a long, blond braid which began frown the roots of his hair. The rest of his hairwas cut very shortly, a bit longer than stubbles. He had a blond beard with two braids in it. Raido plucked Yaël from the ground and gave her a tight hug before putting her down again. “Lat meg se kikdeg!”
“You know,” the professor pulled her from her thoughts, “You can still become a teacher and become a part of our team.” It wasn’t the first time he proposed this to her, but something held her back.
Even Tony is surprised about the way he addresses him. Fury doesn’t seem so phased, instead sighing.
of the fact that he’d becoming over-protective. No-one should blame him after what happened during the war, after all. Peter is a reckless boy, ready to give his life to save the others. He knows the kid got that from him, since Tony never really valued his life as much worth in comparison to others.
Strange stays quiet. His face looks sad, and his eyes are lowered. Then with a sigh, he nods, reaching for the necklace around his neck. Then he moves his hands outwards, and the Eye opens, letting out a bright green light.
God, Peter… Tony had been so scared when FRIDAY told them Peter had been heading towards the secluded ward they’ve put together for cases like Harry. It’d been Steve who realized he’d been gone longer than he should have – another piece of proof that Steve would be a much better parent to Peter than Tony is.
She gives Peter a knowing look. He sighs. Why does he always feel like she knows too much? She can’t know, right?
“What did I miss in the time I was gone?” Peter asks. He drops down on the couch next to Steve and pulls up the remote for the TV. Starting up his favorite channel, he sees that show about that Dutch vet is back on.
“You don’t say. I suppose I should go and see what they need me for. Are you going to be alright here?”
“JARVIS might as well have been my son. And you are JARVIS, kind off. Ergo, you are kind of my son, no?”
“Wow, did you read this?” Peter asks after a few minutes of looking through the paper. Miles nods before shrugging.
“I’m here to see the king,” Steve explains when he gets a pair of raised eyebrows from the women. Their eyes are hypnotizing in a way. It’s wonderful that T’Challa has such faithful and skilled people behind him.
Otto starts his presentation with a joke. It’s horrible, yet people still laugh because of the suddenness of it. Even Tony realizes he has a small grin on his face, and he’s happy to see Peter smile as well. He gives him a small poke on the side to catch his attention, holding up his thumb while looking at him questioningly.
Peter wonders if he actually heard it right; is Steve planning to propose? That would be rather quick, wouldn’t it? They’ve not even been together for a whole year, after all!
“Oh, good morning Aunt May,” Peter greets her, in an attempt to avoid her question. Last time he tried to dig into the past, she hadn’t taken it all too well. “You look good today, did you do something with your hair?”
“I just wanted to do that,” she says, poking her finger on his nose before turning around and running off in the opposite direction. When Peter looks back up, realizing that he’s surrounded by a whole crowd, he clears his throat, feeling himself sink into the ground.
“If you got her pregnant, why is it the wrong choice to get married?” Steve asks in confusion. Tony shrugs again.
Wanda smiles, and then nods to somewhere behind Peter. The boy turns around, seeing the man and the woman look back at him. The woman smiles, a few steps behind the man. She’s got her hands on her hips, and that smirk that feels somehow familiar to Peter, but he can’t really place it.
“Tony! Steve! What do you have to say about this?” LL asks then. Tony can’t find any words in his mouth, surprised that he’s actually speechless about it. Meanwhile, Steve lifts up his hand towards his mouth.
“Oh, things have been going good,” Peter answers, with his fingers crossed together. He smiles, really feeling it now. Dr. Thatch gives him a long look, but she looks content, as well. “So, I’ve finished my year, I passed?”
“It’s nice to meet you, Steve,” Otto greets him. Steve nods, though before he can say something Otto has already pulled back and turned towards Peter to give him his handshake. Peter looks a bit confused about everything. “And you must be the son then, am I correct?”
“They’re all inside,” she says. Tony nods, giving Peter a little push in the back. Pepper moves to the side to free the way, and touches Peter’s shoulder once again, a sign of good luck.
But she literally couldn’t, she felt more worthless than ever. Her powers didn’t save anyone, but it ruined cities. There was nothing she could do to help these people. People would always hurt other people. Yaël was never going to be a hero, not with her shifty powers and not with her bad decisions.
much,” Peter retorts, but the moment the words leave his mouth he realizes that it’s not true. During the whole summer holiday a few girls have been asking him to hang out for a while. At his workplace there’s a girl who is obviously crushing on him and he’s been ignoring that the whole time. And then, recently, when that guy at Mr. Stark’s reception gave him his phone number… people have been noticing him, but he hasn’t been noticing others.
Miles nods at him, still unable to believe that this is happening to him right now. Before he can say anything, Spider-Man jumps into the air, disappearing in the dark shadows of the night. Miles finds that his mouth has dropped open from the shock.
They call this the mansion, but in fact it’s quite a humble little house. Ever since Tony’s arthritis came back (about the time the serum was completely out of his system), they all came to the agreement that he doesn’t need his workshop close to him anymore. Knowing Steve likes the simple things, they build a small house that’s still high-tech enough for Tony, but fits all the parts of dream-house for Steve, too.
Flash wasn’t happy that he would rejoin them after all. But that’s mostly because Flash only got Peter’s place in one of the seats. He had been on reserve after all, since even Peter knows he’s the smartest on the team. He can understand why Gwen was with them, once.
out, the Hulk has a special adoration towards Peter for some strange reason. They don’t question it, only knowing that even the Hulk would do anything to keep Peter safe.
“I don’t know, Suzie. They do kind of have a point, you know. Where-ever we go, there’s lots of destruction afterwards that
Yet he hesitates. He’s seen an infant-version of his son before – he has the eye of Agamotto to thank for that – but this is going to be something different. This is going to be the Peter he knows at a certain age where he doesn’t yet know about him. The Peter who is probably way too young to even know about Tony Stark in the first place.
Peter reaches out, letting his fingers touch the cold metal of the suit. It looks like a merge of Iron Man and Spider-Man. The design is amazing, the suit solid. It shines, lacking any scratches. Peter even wonders if it flies.
Yaël felt sad, looking at her sister. She should’ve been there for her, like a real big sis. But on the other hand, Yaël was going to make the same dumb faults as Peter had made by visiting Harry in his cell. Maybe Yaël had no talent for being a responsible sister. Or maybe she needed to make her own mistakes too. But whilst Peter had a father and an aunt who’d catch him when he fell, she didn’t even have a big brother who was always there for her. Maybe Yaël felt a bit sick of being responsible, since she managed to fail at that every freaking time. She should’ve been the sister who braided Nilla’s hair, Yaël thought while softly touching the window, imagining the scene.
“Well, what am I looking at here?” he asks, putting on the glasses to get some screens in front of his eyes. “And please don’t give me the obvious, I don’t need the obvious.”
“Just sit down for a minute, Peter. I’ll get you a hot drink,” Mr. Stark says, pointing towards the couch before heading towards the kitchen. Peter would almost have expected Mr. Stark to have servants to do that for him, but he’s glad to see that Mr. Stark is pretty independent when it comes to that kind of thing.
“You’re a snitch, and nobody likes snitches,” he says with a wink. Then the three walk out of the room, followed by Bucky who hurries after them. That little team there is just full of evil plans, and Tony’s sure he doesn’t want any part of that.
“No shit! If Peter hadn’t felt the danger beforehand, we would have been dead!” Ned adds to that, still a bit out of breath. Tony pulls back at last, giving Peter a good look to inspect for wounds.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony says, then, shaking his shoulders a bit to loosen them up. “What do you want to know?”
So after almost an hour of getting the kid to come back down with Bruce’s help, Tony feels about ready to get back to sleep. It helps a lot that Peter is such a well-behaved kid, really. Other than constantly wanting to climb the walls, he listens quite well to what Tony or Bruce tell him.
think of it! He can’t fall back into that dark hole. Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, happy thoughts!
If there's anything I've missed in this story, points that I brought up but forgot to address further, don't be afraid to point them out. Given the short hiatus this story has had, a few details might have escaped my mind. I hope it was pleasant enough to read, and stay tuned for the next story! :-)
He can’t let MJ down like this. She’s probably up there, scared to death – or knowing her she’s throwing multiple curses at Venom and has almost managed to escape multiple times before being tied down again. Peter can’t leave her like this. So he starts running again, fighting through the tears in his eyes. There’s something heavy in his throat, almost preventing him from breathing.
“Wanda already repositioned it,” Strange counters. Then he looks back at Mordo, who is still knocked out. “Bring him to the sanctum. I’m sure the others will want to know what he did.” With trouble, Strange holds up his hands, making another portal that leads to the tower, so it seems.
“Probably a few hours,” he answered in English, like he didn’t even speak Norse or Sil. But in dreams, everything was possible.
“Uh,” Tony gets out, squeezing Peter’s shoulder a bit. Then the teenager takes a step forward and puts his forehead against Tony’s shoulder as he cries some more. Awkwardly, Tony raises his hands and gently taps Peter on the back. “It’s alright, Peter.”
While Tony returns to help Rhodey with his revalidation, Peter usually arrives there, feeling like he’s somewhere he doesn’t belong. After all, Wanda’s gone. Steve’s gone. Clint’s gone. Even Yaël has freaking disappeared overnight, never letting him know anything about it other than leaving a letter saying ‘
again, and you’re going to wish he’d killed you on that pier,” Tony warns him. Toomes face turns into one of surprise, and then he’s smiling again.
“I am not yet allowed to go on missions,” the girl says with a sudden frown on her face. The Sokovian accent is thick on her tongue, but she managed to get through her words easy enough. “I would ask why you aren’t there as well, but we both know the answer to that now, do we?”
“How exactly did that message send if the computer was turned off?” he wonders to himself, typing some stuff away on the keyboard until he finds the messaging program. There, in sent items, Tony quickly finds the one message Mary addressed to him.
“Of course I do, three era’s ago, we still had it; the One Stone, created by the Gods. Matter of course, the people of the kingdom didn’t know about it… They never knew. The stone had such power, it would have been a disaster if anyone knew and tried to steal it.”
It’s crazy. They hop from attraction to attraction, being stopped a few times by some fans that want a picture with the Iron Man. Tony buys them a very expensive lunch and even dinner later in the day. They get pictures with every Disney-character they want, and Aunt May even gets a fake proposal from Prince Charming.
“Uhm, hi there?” he tries. Steve pulls away from Tony slightly, grinning the moment he sees Peter standing there. Without fully pulling away from Tony he throws his arm over Peter’s shoulder and pulls him closer.
“Kind of the reason I cheated on MJ. It’s an alien that kind of possessed me at some times, making me do things I didn’t really remember and wouldn’t normally do. Besides that, it mostly also turned me into the standard college student who parties more than they should study.”
Steve starts laughing, leaning forward to steal a kiss from Tony, who returns the gesture and puts a hand behind Steve’s head to keep the kiss longer. Eventually they pull back, turning towards their sleeping ten-year-old granddaughter.
In Steve’s eyes, the bad outweighed the good. Sure, Stark was smart, and sure he was ready to offer up his life to save an entire city. But he was also the kind of guy that would announce his home address on live television while being actively targeted by a terrorist, thus endangering his current girlfriend and himself.
With elegance she neared the lobby. The young boy that was typing vividly behind his laptop looked up when Yaël scraped her throat.
That was when he met Sam for the first time. The guy had been funny, kind, and easygoing. And after Natasha picked him up, she had looked at Steve with a raised brow.
“Because… I wanted you to tell me on your own time. Besides… I knew you had Tony watching over your back ever since that Goblin attacked you. He’s not going to let you get in any danger.”
“Don’t you have a father-overload now?” Yaël joked, knowing that Steve already acted like a dad towards literally everyone. Her friend grinned.
He shudders when Steve presses his lips on the lower part of the scar, on Tony’s left side. Tony gets out a shivering breath, his hands shaking slightly while he’s distracted. No, he can’t let Steve win. There’s no way!
Yaël mumbled some curses as she turned back to her starting position. Hey, wait a minute... "Steve, do you want me to burn you or something? What's your purpose here?" she asked with a grin, but she'd never put him on fire.
Though, for some reason it looks like it’s working. Otto uses the claws to take the tritium out of the box. When Peter takes another step forward to see better, Tony pulls him back. The tritium causes a reaction, building up energy. When it’s finished, Otto turns around, proudly. The people start clapping, clearly impressed with what just happened. In the middle of the machine, hovering into the air, there’s something that looks like a miniature sun.
“That’s a gladiator made of glass! Look!” At least those were the reactions Yaël understood, many other gladiators spoke different languages, some of them sounding like sneezing, so Yaël automatically wanted to yell “Bless you!” the whole time.
Tony reaches out his hand and rests it on her shoulder. This is wrong; this shouldn’t have happened. Sharon deserves better than that.
“I have the feeling this cage was specifically designed to keep people like me in. It’s protected against my powers, somehow, I think,” she whispered these last two words, as she wasn’t really sure why she thought all of this. The man sighed, but his face softened.
Without further prompting, Peter pushes his box aside and starts getting on his feet. When Tony moves as well, Peter holds up his hand.
“What is this place, Tony?” Steve asks, a little confused. Tony doesn’t say anything. Their hands are still tied together, and before they know it, they’re standing in an open room, filled with people dancing like their lives depend on it. Everybody in the darkened room is laughing, the spotlight continuously falling on whatever couple is dancing in the center.
The phone doesn’t ring. Not anymore. He turned it off, either way. As a precaution. He doesn’t know the PIN-code after all. Or he doesn’t remember it at least. If he gets back to the idea of calling Steve, it won’t work. Only Peter can put the device back on.
Peter doesn’t speak, only holds out his thumb to say it went well, and then he waves at them quickly. Once again, there’s no response from Mr. Stark, who seems to be getting more annoyed by Cap’s presence.
“FRIDAY, Mary Parker died years ago. Why am I only getting this now?” Tony asks, noticing only slightly how there’s a shiver in his voice. It’s best that nobody else is in here, though he wouldn’t have minded if Steve would have stayed a little longer.
“We were only trying to stop Rumlow, we didn't want anybody to get hurt because of it,” Steve continues. He sighs and shakes his head, taking a swing from his coffee. Tony simply hums, copying Steve’s movement and bringing his cup towards his mouth.
So Peter hurries home after detention. He only has about three hours before he needs to be at Liz’ house, and he has close to no suit at all. And May is there to help. They put some stuff together. With a credit card Tony provided them, they managed to get a suit. The woman helps him getting the tie right. Then she gives suggestions for a corsage, which Peter goes to get next.
I would like to thank Caspinn for helping me get this story together. Whenever I had lost all hope for it, she was there to guide me through it! Secondly, I would like to thank all of you, readers, for standing behind us during this project. In the past I've often felt like I was writing stories for nobody. Getting into the Marvel Fandom, there was this whole sudden difference with all the other fandoms! I'm so glad I get to be a part of this amazing community, and that you're all there with us! I certainly hope you've enjoyed the story!
“We are going to dig some more into your memory. Don’t you want to know how you used to live on this planet?”
When he spots Johnny at last, it’s completely by accident. The fact that the guy’s tongue is stuck down another girl’s throat gives Peter no reason at all to head towards him. He wishes only a little bit that he could go home, but he needs to make sure the hothead gets home this night, unlike last time.
The two go their separate ways again after that. And when Peter finds himself blushing every time he sees MJ the next day, nobody needs to know why.
So, if he’s correct, his mother had some kind of view into the future and knew that Peter would get infected with the spiders. That’s just crazy, but about the only explanation he has. Maybe there are mutants around that can go back into the past? Maybe somebody warned her?
! I don’t need the talk! I’ve had it with May already!” Peter throws at him. Besides, it’s too late to have it. It’s not like Peter hasn’t done anything yet!
. Why didn’t Peter say that he was out of meds? How long has he gone without them, even? Have things like this happened before in the past few weeks without Tony knowing about it?
“Did Peter say anything?” Tony asks. He’s trying his best not to cry. He really is. He just can’t help the stinging in his eyes and the slight crack in his voice as he speaks.
“Just- go. Take him and go,” Tony breathes out, leaning heavily on his right hand. His left arm is aching in every possible way, and he’s pretty sure he made that contusion even worse. His doctor is going to love him…
“I suppose I only have one thing worth mentioning,” he says before he can think better of it. But the moment the words are out of his mouth, Mr. Stark’s interests are peaked. It’s too late. Quickly, Peter clears his throat and looks back down at his wrist. Without trying to be too obvious about it, he takes off the web-shooters while reaching for his bag.
“But if you do, why did you break up with me? Why did you sleep with me one moment, and then dump me the next?”
Steve nods, so does Tony. After that, Tony gets up with a sigh. He makes his way to the other side of the table, sitting down right next to Steve.
The heroes around Peter start murmuring about it. Peter hates every second Steve is spending bound like this. He hopes they’ll get him free at the end of tomorrow.
This time, his entrance doesn’t give the same reaction. He’s pretty much ignored by the dancing people. So Peter hurries to the improvised bar, nods once towards Flash who is by now too drunk to even notice him, and gets himself something to drink.
Johnny keeps on kissing him. It’s not urging, not forcing him to comply. Peter’s all too aware that Johnny’s giving him the chance to pull away. But he doesn’t. Why, he doesn’t even know. His mind is one big mess, his eyes closing without his permission.
Peter… what are the odds that the kid would be working with him for weeks? How is it possible that somehow they’ve been together for all that time without knowing what they are to each other? Or at least, he
When there’s a sudden hand on his shoulder, Peter startles, swinging out his arm in an urge of self-defense he can’t explain. Turning around, he finds a familiar figure standing in front of him.
Oh, they’re going for small talk while waiting for Yaël to get out of bed? What is she even still doing there? Post-coital nap? Oh crap, Peter really didn’t have to think about Captain America having sex with anybody, thank you very much!
Sharon takes a breath and rubs her eyes. Then she shakes her head, opening her mouth to speak but thinking better of it. “I got contacted by SHIELD. You know how they’ve been getting it back up since the HYDRA-disaster?”
He realizes it’s a parachute when he’s suddenly inside of it. That’s not how it’s supposed to be! He should be underneath the parachute, not inside of it! This is not going to do him much good! He shouts in panic, his hear racing too fast and his mind making him think back of last time. He can almost imagine Tony flying after him, reaching out his hand, shouting at him in panic.
“What happened in your universe, Steve?” Tony asks. So far, Steve hasn’t said a word about it, making Tony question what exactly happened over there. But Steve shakes his head, clearly not comfortable enough to talk about it like that.
Peter explains to the others what exactly Felicia told him. He kept out the detail that Mantis took her to the hospital. He doesn’t need their freaking out, after all. Of course, when he tells them that Venom is planning on getting revenge on Peter, Tony and May are about the first ones to start freaking out.
After ambushing Sam, who has been creeping his way through the hallways, Peter gets a gun of his own. With the compound darkened, and all the rooms evacuated, it’s easy to imagine like he’s in the middle of a video game. Peter can’t even remember ever having this much fun, especially when he gets to shoot something straight in Clint’s face.
“I’m breaking up with you, Steve,” Tony finally says. It takes a lot of effort, and Tony hates himself in every possible aspect, but he said it. It’s done. They’re done. He should go now, leave Steve for good. It’s for the best, after all.
Yaël grabbed her phone after closing the door, trying not to fall. Firstly, she texted Peter to ask when they could meet. She doubted a while if she wanted to tell him what happened, but she’d be a real bad friend if she didn’t, right? After that, she searched for Steve’s number and dialed it.
“What are you doing here, Rogers?” Mr. Stark asks, sounding bitter. Peter figures he’ll just have to walk out without getting a goodbye. It’s fine, it’s not like he’d expected Mr. Stark to be the most respectful man in the world.
“Okay, let’s do the dishes…” she mumbled to herself as she put away her wallet. Wade may have broken all of her plates but her glasses were still alive and kicking… and filthy from the evening before. Yaël opened the tap and put it on hot. Then she walked to her little radio and plugged her phone to it. There was this song she wanted to learn to play somehow, also one of Wade’s. Where was it? She kept scrolling.
He’s not too surprised that the car ride is rather awkward. With the radio broadcasting some sort of talkshow that seems to love to speculate on this year’s Tony Stark’s current whereabouts, Tony finds himself fascinated to hear them talk about him like that. It’s weird since it’s about him, but it also kind of Isn’t since it’s about the other Tony.
The second reason is mostly the fact that, when they couldn’t reach aunt May and they asked for another number, Peter gave out – how stupid though it is – Mr. Stark’s number instead. The woman, who took it, was new and has no idea what Peter’s home-situation is. So when Peter muttered something about ‘father’, the woman quickly came to the conclusion and called Mr. Stark so – which must have been very weird for the man.
Peter dials in the number, pressing the phone between his head and shoulder as he tries to lift Tony’s head up a bit. He needs to check if his airways are still clear. That’s what he remembers from first aid, at least. Check for a pulse, check for breathing.
Once everybody has taken something to eat Felicia manages to find a free table for them to sit at. They continue talking, Shuri explaining what’s happening in Wakanda right now. MJ explains how there’s another protest she’s going to in a week. Johnny has nothing much to say other than the parties he’s been going to. Felicia stays quiet, though. Peter doesn’t read into it, some people just don’t like sharing too much about themselves.
“Okay now, Steve, we’ll drop the curtains and you can start preparing for your thing while we have a little chat with your boyfriend here, is that alright?” LL asks. Chrissy, who is still on her spot on the right side of the stage, starts shrieking like a fangirl.
Sam heads the others’ way, greeting Bruce and introducing himself to Brunnhilde. Before opening the door, Tony turns to Peter and Harry.
“Well, I think it’s not hopeless, but I think it’s best everybody moves out for a little while. I’m shutting the place down for now,” he says, probably already giving it through with FRIDAY. “The others really couldn’t have found a better day to get drunk.”
Normally, Peter would arrive at his workbench and start up his project, put stuff together and compare these with the blueprints he’s got.
don’t know about my Dad! It’s supposed to stay this way! What am I going to tell her now, huh? That he’s still my mentor? After I told everybody I quit the internship?”
“Okay…Now I’m going to use the Cradle to create synthetic skin, so your wounds will heal more easily-“
Before the next blow comes, a high-pitched sound fills the room. Eddie starts shouting, pressing his hands against his ears while taking a few steps back in his struggle to fight against the sound. Peter can see the suit jumping up, fighting to stay attached to Eddie despite the loud noises.
Tony sighs, but then he sits up a bit more straight. “Let me try,” he then says. He closes his eyes, tapping into the different frequencies around him. It takes a little while before he can get to the Avengers’, but once he does it’s a cacophony of voices and curses.
“If you don’t sign, you retire,” Ross returns. Johnny laughs bitterly at that. The room starts to heat up a bit, meaning that he’s angry.
It’s not just a quick press on the lips. Suddenly feeling a strong hunger inside of him, Peter deepens the kiss, not wanting to let go just yet. MJ doesn’t seem to complain. Her hands are on his chest slowly sliding up until they’re resting on the back of his neck. After a few more seconds of just heavily breathing against each other and their mouths pressed together, MJ is the one to pull back
“Right, well, it’s freezing and snowing, and I left my coat inside. I’ll see you guys tomorrow? Don’t wait up for me.”
It’s probably best he doesn’t hear what’s said next. With grim thought, Peter looks back down at his clock, finding that he’s been up here for at least an hour and half. He should get moving.
He doesn’t even know how she’s been since then. She might have had the crappiest days of her life, and he wouldn’t know!
On foot! Holy crap! He tries out all the possible short cuts, interrupts a few garden parties and almost falls into a few pools. A couple of dogs are happy to see him, others bark and growl. After a few minutes, he gets himself to a bridge where a couple of people are talking together. Peter notices the large, strange gun one of the men is holding.
Peter then opens up the gauntlet again, putting his hand inside and holding his arm up. Then, with his left hand, Peter searches a bit for the switch on the arc reactor, suddenly hearing that familiar sound of the repulsor loading.
“There’s that old guy in the restaurant, with his moustache!” Dickhead Wade pointed out. Yaël cocked her eyebrow and glanced at him as a sign that he should shut up with his weird answers that no one understood. And then she got an idea, a way to make Peter feel better.
Each time the door opens, everybody looks up while hoping it’s for them. Everybody is waiting for their talk with the principal, though Peter would rather have it didn’t happen at all. There are multiple reasons for that, first off starting with the fact that he’s never been called to the principal before except for the first day he came back to school after Uncle Ben died – and that hadn’t been a strict conversation, but rather a reassuring ‘we’re all there for you’-kind of thing.
“And that’s enough from you, drunk bastard,” Johnny returns. Peter doesn’t spend too much attention to it. Instead he takes a few steps to the side where he fishes out two beer bottles out of a cooler. Opening them, he hands one to Johnny.
They do their own thing for about two hours until the door opens, revealing Steve coming their way. Peter gives him a small wave, and he gets a hand passing over his head – messing up his hair – in return.
There’s nobody around. The only one seeing him change is a stray cat, who hurries off the moment it realizes it’s not alone.
“Right, uh… Do you have a car, maybe?” Peter asks, trying to get the conversation to go forward. Yaël moves away from the counter after that, revealing that she
“Don’t worry about being seen, I know some good incognito places. Just put on something nice, but not too nice.”
“Holy-“ Yaël growled while fishing her phone out of her pocket. This was it, the last drip. Wanda somehow found a way to escape and Vision probably didn’t dare to fight against her. Yaël scrolled through her phone and dialed the number she had been looking for. But her thoughts wandered off. Now that Wanda was gone, it was time for her to leave too. And Wanda probably escaped to go and help Steve, but Yaël was sick of that whole fight.
After about an hour and half, they’re interrupted by Steve and Sharon who announce that dinner is ready. So far, they’ve found absolutely nothing to work with.
that he enjoyed hanging out with all these kids for those events. Sure, the children all love him, but Tony never really stood still about the fact that he might not particularly like them in return.
“Trust me, you probably are and just don’t know it yet!” the guy continues, but he doesn’t make any further attempt on trying to give Peter a blow job. At least that is something…
“Good morning, Mr. Stark. I’m Lisa and I’ll be your nurse today. Did you sleep well?” the woman asks. Tony looks up at her, feeling extremely awful, to be honest. Then he nods, because he can’t complain at all about his night.
“You ask me to forget the Queen and her mission and follow you blindly, but I’m no sheep and you’re no Sheppard,” Nilla hissed.
The day after she arrived at the compound, it was the first of May, her ‘birthday’. The birthday that Fury had pasted on her file just so people wouldn’t question her earthliness by her age. So Yaël bought herself a cupcake in the morning, one of those with much soft-pink-colored butter cream on top of it. When she finally got on the bus to go to the school, she opened the box and clapped her hands in joy before she took a huge bite of the cupcake.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Ross, will this take long?” Sue asks, a little concerned about her dinner plans with Reed. They have reservations, but they’ve cancelled so often lately due to sudden missions and the owners don’t really seem to like them that much anymore.
But there was something distracting her from the subject and Yaël didn’t know if she had to be grateful or not. Sometimes she woke up, noticing she scratched her own hand open. The scratching, that’s what it all started with. She was used to it when it was caused by panic due to circumstances, but now she busted herself doing it frequently.
hung up on him? How is that even possible? Peter was just about sure that he’d get the scolding of a lifetime for not getting away when they told him to. Heck, he’d at least expected Steve at one point to grab the phone from Tony and give Peter a piece of his mind as well.
Johnny lets out a happy shout, throwing his hands up in the air before pulling Peter into a strong hug. Right after that, the door flies open and two people storm inside the living room.
The Goblin joined up with them. He grabbed Gwen, flew her up to a bell tower of an old church, and threatened to kill her after realizing who Spider-Man was. Trying to talk him down, the Goblin dropped Gwen anyway. Peter managed to catch her with his web, and he secured her while trying to stop the Goblin.
comes out. Peter wants to smash his own face against the ground. He came here to look for a way to talk to Mr. Stark, but somehow his train of thoughts brought him onto a point where he might actually think about going on a date with another dude.
That, or he might think of Peter as a kid that doesn’t wash his hands after using the toilet. Each way, Peter can simply avoid that.
“You need a distraction?” Tony wonders out loud. He feels Steve nod against him, appearing so miserable. Tony can’t deny him like that. “Okay, I’m yours to do as you please.”
Ned Leeds is walking in a slow pace, nearing the classroom Peter is heading to, hands in his pockets and backpack hanging low over his shoulders. There are a few Star Wars pins attached to it, but also most of the Avenger’s logos. Iron Man’s mask, Cap’s shield, Hulk’s fist, Thor’s hammer, Clint’s bow and Widow’s hourglass.
The Avengers stay quiet while Ross starts talking about a heart-attack that he suffered five years ago.
“Okay, Charles, because you’re the old guy in the wheelchair who saved my life and who helps me out with, like, everything! You’re the almighty professor X!” she teased him.
“I figure the wonder-team can fix it up?” he jokes. The woman doing his hair gives him a small wink, while Pepper just glares at him.
“I need to- I need to see Peter,” he says. When he tries to make his suit move, fly away, it seems like it can’t. Looking down, he remembers the arc reactor being destroyed.
“Lopt?” she whispered, clearly afraid to make too much sound. Yaël remembered thinking she never escaped from being buried alive, as she saw the scene from her memory in front of her. It took her a few months after that to stop thinking she was under the ground, every time she woke up in complete darkness. The sound of footsteps was coming from the direction of the opening of the cave.
“You’re strong too,” Steve assures him in a whisper, smile obvious in his voice. “And I care for both of you, so we’ll make sure you’ll both get out of this.”
“Hey, Mantis! Care to help us out here for a bit?” Quill suddenly asks. The girl in question turns her head in surprise. She’s visibly shivering from the cold, but without complaining she walks up to them.
The next morning she wobbled around the compound, her arm hooked through Steve’s. The fun thing was, Yaël seemed to vaguely remember her way through the building. It was no wonder as she used to live there a whole while ago.
“Okay, let’s just agree not to tell your dad about this, all right? We don’t need him freaking out over this,” Rhodey suggests. Peter nods while rubbing his forehead, cursing himself for losing control like this yesterday. It’s also then that he realizes his ribs don’t hurt anymore. See, Tony had been worried over nothing… again…
“Listen I’m sorry for whatever I did in the past, but I came here to ask for your help,” Tony quickly throws in, keeping his hands up. Barnes finally stops struggling against his teammates, the three of them looking at Tony with wide eyes.
Okay, that’s pretty alarming alright. Those weapons are really dangerous to fall into just anybody’s hands. He thought the new SHIELD had everything contained?
“Then you should do everything you can to fix that, shouldn’t you?” Peter offers with a smirk. After that, he reaches out to turn on the radio, letting the music fill the car’s upcoming silence. Tony doesn’t say anything else, but there’s a small smile on his lips that Peter wouldn’t have seen had he not known Tony Stark a little bit longer.
Bruce fidgets the little stone out of his eye and tries to stand up. He shoots one short look at Peter (as Spider-Man) and then he takes a deep breath.
Steve Rogers grunts as he shifts until he’s on his side. Facing the nightstand, he reaches out his hand to get the little black device he’s keeping around all the times. His vision blurred, he’s having trouble reading what’s written on the screen. The phone keeps ringing.
Hitting the ground doesn’t help at all. Especially when said adversary is suddenly wrapping his gloved hands around his neck to keep him under. He can hear him talk, but the words are muffled. Whatever he’s saying, Peter can only understand half of it.
“Are you proud now? Attacking this innocent boy with these stupid questions? You’re not going to get the answers, assholes!” she calls out, probably a bit too loud. Behind her, Tony crosses his arms together and Steve slaps his own forehead.
Yaël was wandering around the city, trying to get some more of the stiffness out of her legs. She hadn’t seen Steve the day before. He had called her to tell her he had to leave town for a few days. It was for a mission, he told her. Those little stings in her heart she felt after he hung up, she tried to put them away in a mental box. Steve would call and meet her when he came back, right? There was nothing to worry about.
Also, I originally wrote nothing about the fight. In one part because I didn't want to write too many fight scenes (I'm not really THAT good at those), but in the other I thought; we all know what is going to happen. But I read in the comments that some of you were curious about the fight between Peter and Steve. I still didn't fully add it, but there are a few dialogues that I took out, a couple of references in the beginning of the chapter. It's mostly because I felt guilty for not adding it. I'm sorry if it's not exactly what you'd expected from the Leipzig-fight.
The first thing they go through is Richard’s folder. It’s not too much to go on, they realize. There’s only a formula that doesn’t mean too much to either of them. They could ask Peter about it later when he’s awake again, but according to FRIDAY he’s still unconscious.
Tony leans back in his chair, only barely glancing at Pepper through the corners of his eyes. Is he imagining things, or is he noticing a ring there? On her left hand? She didn’t have that yesterday when he saw her, right? He can’t recall.
Time passes. When it’s eight, the phone goes off. Tony doesn’t pick up, and neither does FRIDAY do it for him. The call goes through, until the ringing stops. The person has reached his voicemail. He’ll listen to it later.
“I’m almost finished with this cake!” Natasha shouts from the kitchen. Everybody lets out a laugh at that. Scott turns off the game before standing up. Then he walks towards Hope, kissing her cheek.
Harry taps Peter on the shoulder. He stops doodling, looking up to face his friend. Harry’s been doodling as well, only he’s drawn something else entirely. It’s a small comic, with the Avengers as Peter used to know them. How the world still hopefully knows them even though they’re no longer together like this.
“I’m getting you out of here, smartpants. I have a quinjet with me but we need to hurry” she says, nodding back towards the window. “We only have a very short moment before the guards continue on their patrol.”
“I can… sense it’s tired. The travel from my world to yours in combination with the constant chasing must have exhausted it.” Peter suggests. It’s possible, but there’s no way to prove it. They should at least be happy that the suit is behaving right now.
She knows Steve would never do anything. He’s never been anything but kid towards Pepper, and he clearly doesn’t look like the kind of guy that would just go and steal boyfriends. But Pepper’s territorial, and Steve having a secret crush on her man… it eats her up inside a little bit.
Peter yawns, feeling like he’s about ready for bed. He hasn’t had any classes today, but mostly just introductions. There are a few students in his class that are nice enough, but he doesn’t know them all that well, yet. He spent lunch with Johnny and MJ, getting dirty looks from Flash. Felicia’s is a face he hasn’t spotted at all, but that’s okay. He’s sure he’ll run into her eventually. Maybe he should properly introduce her to Johnny. They could hang out.
Holy shit, yes he does know what it does. It’s an experience he never wants to have again. And, sick? Tony Stark being sick is something Peter can’t really imagine.
“No reason, just… wanted to make sure you two are okay,” he says like it’s not that much of a big deal. He figures he’s wrong when Tony sighs sadly and turns off the screen of the tablet.
Tony smirks, shuffling a bit closer on his seat until his knees are touching Steve’s. The super-soldier takes his hands into his own as he starts explaining.
“I’m here to introduce you to somebody, Aunti Peg,” Tony tells her. Once Peter is next to him, Tony takes his hand and reaches it towards Peggy’s. The woman looks up at him with her glassy eyes, confusion clear on her face.
“if anybody here is lazy, it’s you. It’s not because we haven’t been dancing together in a while that you should just forget how to dance altogether!”
The next few days, after X’s phone call, Yaël lived in pure coldness. The sneezing, coughing and shivering drove her nuts.
“Wow, but if he’s your dad, that’s kind of great, right?” Yaël asks, but Peter finds himself shrugging. Sure, it could be nice, but still, there’s something biting inside of him about it.
of relief for Tony. There’s more noise behind Tony, but he ignores it as he takes a look at his son.
“Peter, are you ready to start?” LL asks afterwards. Somewhere in the back, they can hear Peter’s uncertain stutter.
Tony wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth, of course. If Peter’s reaching out for him, he’s not going to complain.
“I’m sorry, I’ve just been preparing myself for it these past two weeks, I suppose,” Steve mutters out, thought the tension stays in his stance.
Peter snorts. “Don’t worry, Dad, I’m sure she wouldn’t have done that at all. She would have tried subtler ways to make you pay,” he assures him. Tony just frowns, looking down at his plate for a bit as he starts to wonder what exactly happened that day.
When Yaël finally got the chance to talk to Steve, he was acting very strange. The man, that always seemed to have his shit together, except his Tony-shit, was losing it.
Peter grins while he holds out the phone that shows pictures of him and Tony standing next to Minnie and Mickey Mouse. Aunt May had insisted on them being on this one together, so the two had complied without any complaining.
And then he’s gone. He doesn’t see Tony smile fondly, rubbing the scar on his chest as he mutters back: “Love you, too, son.”
He can’t describe the horror he feels when, all of the sudden, he takes Peter by the face and turns his neck around. Tony can’t literally hear the crack, but he imagines it all too well. Both him and Steve stand still, breathless, as they watch Peter’s lifeless body fall down on the ground.
“But… how can I tell my wife, a woman a care for very deeply, that I might have feelings for her uncle? Or cousin, whatever you want to call it…”
Ned smiles and holds his hand out to Harry, who doesn’t smile back as widely but still shows him a little grin. He shakes his hand.
Peter nods. Remembering the way back to his room, Peter walks back with heavy steps. He bumps up against almost every wall, and his eyes are drooping shut. If he’s not careful, he might even fall asleep on the spot. That’s not advisable.
“Oh,  my dear, we’re not even on earth… And your second question is a bit harder to explain.” No, that’s impossible, right? Well, at least, that would explain why Yaël still didn’t know half of how earth worked. Like the voting system; it freaked her out.
“I do feel a bit better,” Peter admits with a faint smile, leaning into her touch. “Even better now that we get to spend some time together.”
“I was thinking of maybe, just for a little while, retiring from the Avengers? Just a year or two, maybe?”
A guy who had been walking his dog, was calling someone while staring at her with pure angst. Come on, was this what she had to deal with the rest of her life? Would every move she’d make with her powers turn all the spotlights onto her?
A short look at the stone, and for a moment it seems like he’s going to put Peter down. Tony sighs in relief. Good, the guy must be a man of his word.
“Of… course?” Strange returns. He steps out of the room once more, followed by both Tony and Steve, the latter seeming extremely oud of his comfort zone. “Make it quick, Stark, there’s a lot I have to discuss with your boy over there.”
“Listen, Tony, I know you love Peter and that he means a lot to you, but he’s not the only smart kid around here-“
“It’s alright, man,” he says. It’s not true, of course. Whatever happened, Harry has something to do with it. And if Peter doesn’t want to alarm him, he needs to keep this in check and make sure Harry doesn’t find out. After all, he doesn’t remember anything about that night.
“Because I’m an idiot?” Tony tries, giving him a light smile. It’s not convincing at all. If they weren’t in public, Peter would have hugged him or something. Tony looks like he’s been feeling horrible for a while now, and nobody’s really there to listen to him. Not even Peter, which tells a lot about him, doesn’t it?
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks? Tony looks up from his tablet to look at Sharon as well. Then, suddenly, the thing vibrates in his hand as an indication that he has incoming files.
And then Steve is gone to the hallway, getting through the door that Peter didn’t open earlier. Peter clears his throat, feeling a weird sort of dread going through him at the idea that Steve might already start regretting it. That can’t happen, not when Tony is finally starting to be happier again – not happy; it’ll take a lot more time before he can be called that.
“I’m- I’m sorry! I just… You startled me,” Peter says quickly, stuttering over his words. The teenager just rubs his wrist, hissing upon the contact. Peter’s sure there’ll be bruises on the skin after a little while.
Eventually he stands up, pulling out random clothes from his closet that probably don’t even fit, and then replacing his jacket with his favorite hoodie instead. The thing is close to falling apart, of course, with more holes than anything else, but it’s always been something he wore whenever he felt particularly bad. Today is one of those days, obviously.
“Damnit!” Peter shouts angrily, smashing his fist against the wall and feeling it sting immediately. His sight is slowly getting better again, and that’s when he sees both Tony and Steve standing there, the first looking angry while the other looks scared.
“Bu-but Mr. Stark! Your wall! I’m so sorry!” Peter stammers out the moment he’s back on his feet. Mr. Stark then just flips the comment away, scoffing at the thought. He nods back towards his office and leaving the place of destruction behind.
Venom wanted revenge. Harry mentioned Eddie wanting to kick his ass. Somehow, the two met and built this plan together. How can he be so stupid?
“He got a new delivery of it. Apparently Oscorp really wants him to finish his project,” Tony says, pulling up security footage of an Oscorp truck with Dr. Octavius guiding it inside. “I’ve been invited to the demonstration tomorrow morning, you know, for old time’s sake.”
Not only because he’s still feeling hyper from the whole Thanos-ordeal. He’s mostly anxious because he needs to get out of the house, to get some time away from his now two overprotective dads who won’t even let him out as Spider-Man for two hours straight. It’s driving him crazy, to say the least!
Tony tries to shake off the worried feeling he’s having all over. Surely, if Peter wouldn’t be feeling well, he would say so, no? He’s probably pale like that because he’s been having long days at school. Or maybe he’s catching a cold. Nothing to worry about, after all. Despite everything, Peter can still have common colds.
“And how did he get access to these codes?” another woman asks. Tony vaguely remembers her calling herself Evelyn Gilette.
Of course Hela got up and of course Yaël knew that this would be her deathbed. Weird how things go, Yaël would die, fighting for a people she wasn’t even a part of. But that was just fine, she wasn’t a part of any people or planet after all.
“What is happening?” Peter asks in confusion. For a moment, Peter wonders if it has something to do with Steve, and why Tony was with him the other day. Is it because he’s coming back? They’re all coming back? Peter hopes so, it would be better for everybody if the team’s back together!
Tony urges on carefully, pulling away his mask. As if on cue, the Quinjet flies over them, landing not too far from where they are sitting.
“I am not angry, nor disappointed,” the king says. “I can really understand why you would want to go, but I’m just afraid I cannot allow that. I hope you understand why, Steven?”
“I don’t take too well at being ignored like that, Parker,” Flash repeats Peter’s thoughts, and it would almost have been comical. Peter sighs, but doesn’t fight against the grip. He should have known that the guy would start again the moment his bruises are gone. But Flash seems to forget that any normal person would still be hurting on their wound, so Peter pretends to hiss.
“I thinking about making something, but I didn’t have any inspiration. FRIDAY suggested I should go look through his old archive of inventions over the years.”
Steve smiled, reaching up an aching hand to wipe away the tears he hadn’t realized were rolling over his cheek.
Because at the door there’s Nat, dressed in a nice dress. Behind her stands James Barnes, also dressed up formally, though looking extremely out of place. Tony just stares for a moment before Natasha walks inside, gently patting his cheek.
After thirty minutes of just breathing heavily together with their lips locked and hands roaming everywhere, the two men take another breather. And that’s when Steve came to lie down on his back, and Tony rolled over to his side, holding his head up in his hand while letting the other one draw figures over Steve’s chest. The sheets are pulled up to their middle, but they’re still wearing their underwear, never having taken them off.
“Really?” she said with a flair of arrogance, looking down at the two brothers like they were two puny ants “You don’t look like him.”
“C’mon Nat, we had fun, didn’t we?” Clint asks, but he shuts up when he gets a deadly glare from her.
Peter pauses for a moment. “Have you been watching Brooklyn Nine Nine?” he asks. Natasha just smirks but doesn’t say anything in return.
Bruce, who has been keeping himself busy with staring at Tony’s test-results and files almost ever since he’s arrived here. Peter hasn’t seen him look at anything else, so far. He clears his throat to announce his presence. Banner turns around, mouth fallen open.
Tony stays for about two more hours before he’s chased away by the guards. Visiting hours are over, and Steve is guided back to the dining hall where he’s put in line to get his food.
“I’m starting to think you’re not the Avengers!” Peter bites out in between being smashed all the time. He’s starting to feel a bit nauseated, right now. With a quick trick, he incapacitates Cap, making the man drop down with another grunt. The weapon falls out of his hands, and Peter is back safely on his two feet.
“Merry Christmas everybody!” Sharon shouts the moment she’s opened the door. Holding presents in one hand, she offers everybody a wide smile, and gives Tony and Peter both a kiss on the cheek before going towards Pepper to hug her in a greeting.
“Doing great,” the guy says as Peter drives away from the parking lot, leaving the school behind them and entering the usual busy roads of New York. “Guess I can finally take this off, then. Should thank Widow for it.”
FRIDAY instructs, lighting up the last drawer much like Peter would have expected. He gets on his feet, hurrying to open it. He sees it lying instantly, separated from the others. It’s put in a glass box, a note written on it.
Tony opens up his mouth to say something in return, but right after he’s taken his breath, FRIDAY’s voice interrupts him.
Tony’s never really had everybody there for him at the same time. Or maybe he did? There used to be more people for a while, didn’t there? Where are they, now?
Then he walks up the stairs. Corsage in hands, matching the color of her dress (because Peter had the foresight to ask which color it would be, and all she did was send a closeup off the fabric off the dress, not revealing anything other than the color). He presses the bell, takes a deep breath and then waits.
“Don’t-“ Peter starts, but his words catch in his mouth. “Don’t say sorry. The Goblin did that. Not you.”
“Sure thing,” Johnny exclaims, practically running towards the table where he takes the bottle of coke and fills his cup – Peter wasn’t allowed alcohol since nobody here – except for maybe Wade and Yaël – has reached drinking age. So, it’s mostly soda and coke for them. But that’s alright, Peter wasn’t planning on drinking anyway.
“Uh, no-one is in danger,” Peter responds, a bit out of it because of the weird greeting. “I just- I got detention because I forgot my homework on my desk, so I’ll be an hour late today.”
Yaël tried to get to the snooze button, but as she raised her hand, her fingers got stuck in her own hair. It was all fuzzy and it had knots everywhere, but that’s what you get when you color your hair blue and don’t take further care of it.
“Peter?” somebody asks, and the teenager turns around. He hadn’t realized that another person had been standing behind him. He blinks a few times, preparing an apology for not seeing the girl sooner, but then his eyes meet her familiar brown ones. His eyes go wide.
“Mary?!” he asks. Something in his chest tightens at the idea that she’s standing right in front of him. He can remember extremely well the last time he ever spoke to her before she died. It was that drunken conversation, that moment where she had told him she and Richard are done. It had been then that Tony decided to finally make his move.
“Well, most of these kids live here. They train and study whole days, but I don’t want them to get sick of school, there has to be a fun, more relaxing subject for them to enjoy.”
“I’m sure they aren’t. I’ve hacked into SHIELD once, I can probably do it even faster now,” Tony says with a smirk. Then he points at his head. “My head’s like a computer. I’m connected to everything in this building.”
“Ah yes, we spoke on the phone earlier,” she says. “I have the journals here in this box. There are quite a few – it’s mostly scientific research and all so I don’t know if they’re going to be much use, but it’s customary for us to ask the next of kin if they want to keep the belongings.” She rambles on as she lifts up a box that looks kind of heavy for her – man how many of those books did his mother write? The moment the box is on the counter, Peter opens it to check out its content. They look real enough to him, and when he just picks one out randomly he sees that the date indeed goes back to even before he was born.
So, wanting the distraction more than ever, Tony pulls Steve’s shirt up while still guiding him towards the bed. Steve doesn’t complain at all. Not the entire night they spend together, bodies close and lips locked on each other almost constantly.
and only Iron Man,” Yaël jumped a little as Wade suddenly interrupted their conversation. Where had he been hiding all this time? Yaël looked around confusedly. Did he just pop up or had he been waiting in a tree?
As she got out of the elevator, she started thinking about what way she had to go to find the man. Luckily, she heard voices coming from the right side of the hallway. Yaël simply followed the murmuring sound and stopped in front of a matted glass door.
extremely deadly. Given how everybody’s plate is empty now, it must have been the first of the two options.
Some people are surprised when they see him. Suddenly swinging around in broad daylight, showing off his pitch-black suit gets some reaction out of them. People gape at him, jaws dropped and eyes open wide. Peter finds it kind of hilarious, but at the same time he wonders if they’ll like it. Could it be that they hate it? That would be a really big bummer.
Bruce shudder. “I wasn’t there, but I can remember how he was when I came back. I’ll try and keep it contained.”
“Probably...” Loki shrugged. “But the reason I actually came to you tonight is to tell you I’m probably going to leave this planet. I don’t really know how yet... but since Thor arrived, I suppose he’ll stir everything up just to get out of here and that probably involves me.” Suddenly Yaël remembered Loki looking down on her from the VIP-section in the audience.
UPDATE: A sequel for the story is up! It's called 'Something About Peter' and describes the events that happened after the Infinity War! It's going to be about 24 chapters, though it could be more! It's the final part of this series (so far), so if you're interested, you can find it there!
Happy drives them there. Just when they arrive, a quinjet lands. Peter only sees it shortly in the corner of his eyes, mostly through the reflection of the windows. He can’t see the ship in itself, not being in the right position for it.
“I couldn’t leave him alone on Christmas now, could I?” she asks, as if it’s obvious. Tony stutters out an answer, but nothing really comes out. “C’mon, Tony. He’s not the same guy. You know that, right?”
It’s not often that Peter wakes up in an alleyway, lying on the ground with nothing but stone under him.
Tony looks down at the round plate-formed shield that he’s currently carrying. Then he lifts up his microphone again.
That relief quickly changes into guilt at the realization that everything’s pretty much to shit because of him.
“Steve?!” Yaël yelped as she saw the blue eyes as soon as the walls were gone and they were back in the open air. Steve was still holding his shield above them, as protection, even though there had just been a ‘roof’, built by Yaël, above them.
“The highest bidder,” the Cat returns. Then she finally stands up and turns around to face Peter. Her eyes widen a bit when she looks at Peter’s form. “I gotta say, black looks way better. We kind of match now, don’t you think?”
The drive is silent as always, so Peter busies himself with texting Ned and Aunt May while reading through his literature text for tomorrow. It’s three boring pages of ancient English that he can’t for the life of him understand, but he’s sure he can bullshit his way through it like he always does. As long as he finishes the questions that go along with it.
Tony turns to look at the man on the counter, who is now resting his head down and poking his finger in his glass.
After a while, the curtain comes up. The stage is dark, until suddenly a spotlight shines on Peter, wearing a dark suit and a black hat. In his hand, he’s carrying an umbrella. The music that starts playing is familiar; Singing in the rain.
“Why didn’t you ever mention that before? We could have figured out how she knew?” Tony asks in return. Peter shrugs lightly.
The heart monitor beeps, but Tony doesn’t need to follow that to know how fast his heart is beating. 86 beats per minute. His breathing is to 16 per minute. His oxygen saturation in his blood is to a hundred percent. Blood pressure is thirteen over eight.
“Maybe the door is armed against fire and water and maybe, just maybe there isn’t any stone or earth around here to throw at it.”
Perhaps the weirdest thing that has happened so far is the fact that Flash has gone from a foe to a somewhat friend. Sure, things are still weird, but Flash is no longer on the opposite side, whichever side that might be.
The thing he can make from Dr. Palmer’s explanation is this; Tony caught the Hepatitis Virus somewhere in the past few weeks. It took until a few days ago to really show symptoms of it but normally it would have gotten better on its own. With the fact that Tony’s liver was already weakened due to the excessive alcohol-drinking in his past, along with the sudden intake of alcohol two days ago, his liver just couldn’t hold up anymore and decided to shut down. Which is why he’s jaundice now. Dr. Palmer even explains that it’s a good thing the encephalopathy starts up so soon after the jaundice, since that means there’s a better survival rate.
Being excused from any form of physical education, Peter is seated on the sidelines doing some more homework he missed while his classmates are busy throwing balls at each other’s heads. Flash, of course, seems to be giving it his everything and shows no mercy at all, so it’s no surprise that Ned quickly comes to take place next to him.
“Well, you’ve been smashed down by the hulk…” That should’ve surprised her, she saw it on Steve’s face, but all Yaël could think about was her broken brain.
Yaël shook her head. “No, I’m waiting for a friend who’s doing his interview for an internship.” Shit, she should’ve told him she was waiting for her boyfriend.
Lopt just threw his hands in the air and grunted. He picked up a few dry branches and threw them in the fire. After grumpily poking around in the flames a bit, he seemed to cool off. He got back up and picked up a blanket. Yaël was pretty sure he wasn’t going to talk to her anymore and was just going to sleep. But he didn’t, instead he came to her, carefully spread the blanket over her, which made her just roll her eyes as she was thinking it was becoming his mission to let her boil up. Yaël refused to look up or thank him.
In the end; she had two choices: going out looking like a hobo or looking like a fancy slut. She still wasn’t digging the slutty dress, but she really, really didn’t want to appear in public looking like a homeless person. It was dark-green, like the color of a pine tree. The cleavage was very deep and there were openings to each side of her ribs. Okay, she wasn’t naked or anything, but still…
“Harry’s skipping college this year, Dad, I already told you,” Peter returns. When he takes out the suit he wore for prom, he hesitates for a bit. Would he need it? Could there be any occasion for him to be wearing something like that in college?
Tony nods. Of course, Steve is going to take care of him. He always does, that’s why Tony loves him so much.
Yaël was turning in rounds just to make her skirt swirl around. After a little while, she stopped turning, but couldn’t stop laughing. As soon as she stood still, she saw Steve standing in front of her. Then, of course, she tried wobbling over to him, but fell down of dizziness, what made her laugh even harder.
The beginning of the weekend means that he’s got two whole days to fill again. Sure, there’s homework to be done but that won’t take too long to make. In his bag, there’s also a list of internship-possibilities for him though he’ll probably look them over with his parents eventually. It’s not like there’s any rush for it, after all.
“But you don’t have to drink! Just be my wingman, okay? I saw this pretty girl on campus back when I went to get my schedule, and I overheard her saying to her best friend that she’ll be there. I would be
“Peter, you can at least say something,” Tony finishes, not liking how he’s being ignored here. But the hard look on Peter’s face makes it clear that he’s having trouble keeping everything in. Peter blinks a few times, before nodding.
So Peter puts on the suit, swings the few buildings that separate his home from Flash’, and takes a few deep breaths once he arrives in front of the house. Hidden in a tree, Peter observes what is happening there; loud music is playing inside, and through the window, Peter can see Flash as the DJ. There are multiple cars parked in the street. A couple of teenagers are dancing in the garden, drinking the stuff they’re obviously not legal for yet. Peter makes a mental note to stay away from the alcohol tonight.
“Okay, are you now quoting the intro of Pulp Fiction? Girl, stop being way cooler when you’re drunk. You just wait here, I’ll fix you a ride home, okay?” Wade said after he put her back down as soon as they were outside.
Peter grabs his coat and tugs his scarf around his neck. With wide steps, he reaches for the door. When he opens it, he startles once he finds somebody standing behind it, ready to knock.
Peter squeezes his eyes shut and shakes his head while he shivers. “C’mon, gross!” he shouts in between. Steve and Tony ignore him.
“Yeah, why not? I want to make sure you can still do it without crashing it,” Tony jokes, and Peter punches his arm in return. After that, he hurries to the driver’s seat and installs himself behind the wheel.
“You can go downstairs and get yourself a badge. If you give me your school-hours, my assistant will work out some sort of schedule for you to be here, which I’ll send to you through mail. On the first day, you will be given the tour, but after that you’re expected to start working alongside the other creators.”
Maybe it’s a bit stupid of him to go. After all, she and Harry have only just broken up. And sure, they both don’t really seem upset about their break-up, and MJ
“Jeesh, you’re in a bad mood,” Natasha says, opening up the door to let him in. The moment Tony’s through, she locks it again, the tension in her shoulders disappearing again immediately.
What if his Dad hadn’t started Stark Industries? What if they would have kept their son out of the tabloids? What if they’d never died? What if Mary had decided to leave Richard and be with Tony? What if he’d known about Peter from the beginning? He figures his life would have been completely different.
“Fine, then I’ll get my lawyers to write you down as an owner of this tower as well.” Tony puts his hand on Steve’s lips to stop him from talking. “But we need to put up some ground rules, alright?”
“He realized he left his friends with Bruce and headed back,” Steve says with a shrug. Tony looks at the empty spot with a slight suspicion before nodding and carefully heading back to his former seat. For a moment, Steve fears.
“That doesn’t look good?” Ned mutters. Michelle snorts before pulling up a French fry and dipping it in.
“I said that I didn’t know you for too long, but if anything would have happened to you I would kill everybody in the room and then myself.”
But sometimes it’s dreams of Peter. Mostly of the kid disappointed in him for some reason, but sometimes with the kid being in danger, chased by the Goblin – who they
Peter then nods and gets ready to leave the building. He wonders if the Avengers managed to take down the Goblin. It’s probably been an hour, and if they haven’t stopped him by now, quite the damage must have been made already.
In three days, there’s a meeting in Vienna. Upon that fact, Steve finally turns towards Tony, who immediately lowers his gaze. He almost knows Steve isn’t happy with the sudden guest he brought along, but to Tony’s defense, he didn’t really know himself what this was about.
“We can’t sign this,” she says shortly. It’s simple as that; they can’t give them this kind of ultimatum; that’s not right at all.
“NO WAY!” Peter jumps up off the couch, heading back towards the hallway. “Screw you! I was able to handle my own for almost two whole fucking years without you two treating me like a baby.”
skilled. Now, though, he can let loose at least a little bit, making her think that he’s just a fast learner.
Tony smirks. “We used to argue all the time, as well. I’m not sure when exactly we turned from that into friends.”
“I wasn’t going to, but… I don’t know, I don’t want to stay angry at you,” he admits. You’ve been good to me, after all.”
“Uh, I sure hope so, since we’ve been in a relationship for the past year or so,” Tony explains. He wonders why the kid looks at him like he just gave him the biggest news in the world. That’s nothing new, isn’t it? The whole world already knows about this.
Classes go in a haze, and during lunch, Peter and Ned are once again seated together as they discuss the difference of strength between the Hulk and Thor. One table next to them, a few of the students are chatting about the heroes as well, only on a whole different scale.
So he stayed in his year, his parents agreed. And when they died, there had been nobody in his class that came to comfort him. At least, nobody but one individual.
But what the news can’t give him are the inside details of that family. And so, JARVIS fills up the gaps. Like this, Tony learns that about two years into their marriage they started to fall out of love. They tried to fix it by having another child, which worked for a short while. Natalee joining them was more of a surprise. The two of them haven’t even slept together since Natalee’s birth. Instead, JARVIS tells him that they came to an agreement; they can sleep with who-ever they want, as long as it’s out of the eye of the public. Tony Stark from this universe really didn’t want to get divorced.
That said, chapter's a bit early. It's mostly because I'm feeling like I'm starting to get sick, which means I should probably just go to sleep. So here we go.
“I don’t know if I should drink, as the nurses won’t even give me some sort of sleeping pills.” Hilde rolled her eyes.
Peter startles, realizing he must have dosed off when he actually jumps up in the air for a bit. Blinking a few times in confusion, Peter turns towards the source of the noise, noticing another guy walking up to them.
“Well, then you should think about which words to use when you’re going to apologize to him, because he surely didn’t deserve your shit-talk. Unless, he does because he’s a big douche bag, well?” Peter shook his head, straightening his backmade him looked taller than he was already all of a sudden.
“Guys! This is Brunnhilde! I thought I’d invite her since it’s her first Christmas ever,” Bruce says. He drops the bowl on the table, and Peter jumps up to greet the man. When he gets to the woman, he holds out his hand to shake. She gives it a confused look, turning back to Bruce. When he nods at her, she accepts the shake. Her hold is strong, surprising Peter.
His phone goes off. Peter frowns, dropping the suit as he grabs for the device lying next to his pillow. For a short second, he hopes that it’s MJ. For another short second afterwards, he hopes it’s everybody but her.
“Wait, is that Peter?” It took Yaël a few seconds to recognize her friend. Charles let go of her hands and looked up. Peter was probably there to visit Gwen’s grave.
And that’s probably not what Peter needs, because he finds himself grinning widely, pressing his hands against his eyes and dropping himself back down on the bed. Who would have thought this would ever happen? He can’t even remember when he started to
“No!” she shouted back. A few people looked in her direction. Okay, she needed to calm down immediately. “Peter, listen to me, I don’t want to be looked at like I’m some kind of broken doll. You’re actually the first I told about what I saw. X knows it purely because he went through it with me.”
Yaël started making contact with the water to attack the green weirdo as she saw someone else sprint towards Peter too. It was a blond, shorthaired man with a bow lifted in his hands, ready to shoot.
together. Tony brought in big buckets of popcorn, and Steve brought the drinks. Peter takes place on the left side of the couch. Tony is next to him, leaning against Steve as the two share their popcorn together.
It’s George’s own son Freddy – a kid that’s maybe ten years old – who gives Peter enough explanation; he’s something new, a fresh face, new stories. And given that he’s Tony’s own flesh and blood, that makes him family, as well. Freddy seems to have taken an immediate liking to Peter and sticks to him almost the entire time. Despite the sad atmosphere that still seems to be taking in the room, the children find a good playmate in Peter, and they practically kidnap him for the upcoming two hours.
He doesn’t finish that thought, not wanting to cry again with this idiot on the ground being this close. “
MJ pokes him on the forehead. “Italian is a cool language,” she says before turning back to the book. “Besides, you’re a quarter Italian, too, you know.”
“You have no idea what it feels like, Steve,” Tony hisses towards him. His hands are shaking, his mind providing him with images he wishes would just disappear. He squeezes his eyes shut, trying to remember where his bottle of pills is. He should have taken one hours ago, but he was so busy with his project that he completely forgot about it.
“Come on, don’t faint,” she mumbled to herself while blinking to get the blurriness away. Were those meteorites flying passed the windows or was she hallucinating?
“Steve, how did you even get here?” Peter suddenly asks, not even remembering Steve arriving. Has the suit taken over again at the point where Steve returned to New York? That sucks, Peter would have loved to greet him back in a normal way without this whole situation right now.
he responds. Peter drops down from his hiding place. Nobody is going to get shot when he’s around, that’s for sure! Once he lands on the ground, he starts waving his arms.
Yaël nodded, the lump in her throat made it hard to answer. A single drip of blood ran from his lips over his chin.
I keep on saying Monday, but I always end up uploading the chapter on Sunday evening. Ah, well, you'll just get it when you get it, I suppose ;-)
“I’m sorry, but he’s fully booked for today. Do you have an appointment?” the man asks. The smile only falters a little, as if the guy actually feels sorry for him. Peter only shakes his head and looks to the side. A woman in a black dress and blonde hair is talking to the redheaded girl, and then both get to the elevator. Despite her mean attitude, Peter wishes her well.
Oh, this Steve’s a real smart-ass. Tony kind of likes it, if only it wouldn’t be used in such a negative way towards him.
“Yeah, we can go at my house, or maybe yours? You can choose!” he says, but Peter shakes his head sadly and hands the phone back.
“We should get back inside,” Steve points out. He’s holding out his hand in Tony’s direction, but the other man is just looking at the ground, unmoving. That’s what usually happens whenever Tony is reminded of the Infinity War. The burning smell, the ashes covering his hands. He’s not even aware that he’s practically punching his chest until Steve grabs his hands.
“I don’t-“ she starts, but then she looks into Peter’s eyes, her lips slowly curling upwards. “What a handsome boy, you are.”
That suspicion had been disbanded the moment Peter returned home and introduced her to Gwen, a lovely young girl who was as pretty as she was smart. May had been happy for Peter, but it never really answered what thing Peter was hiding from her.
And that silences Tony a bit. Even as Steve and Zemo start talking, discussing the things he’s done, Tony’s mind keeps on rolling, putting everything in order and trying to see
Peter nods, slightly chuckling. “I’m calm,” he says. “My head hurts too much to do anything else, anyway.”
Peter doesn’t answer, knowing that Tony is talking about him. He decides not to go further into it, not wanting to have the guilt he’s feeling becoming even bigger. Instead, Peter lies back down and allows Tony once more to play with his hair. The two of them seem to like the gesture; he doesn’t know what Tony gains from it, but it calms Peter down to have his head massaged like that. Even when he’s feeling like crap, at least like this he’s reminded that he’s not alone.
“I know, I’m sorry. You need to stay a little while longer. At least until we’re sure that your liver will recover on its own or if we find a matching donor.”
One more look at the clock indicates that it’s almost one in the afternoon. Aunt May must still be sleeping from her night shift, so Peter doesn’t call her. He just sits down at the desk and starts up the computer, surprised at how fast the thing is going.
“Shit! I need to leave now if I want to see Steve!” Peter almost shouts out. He jumps up, closing the drawer and throwing the arc reactor back in his bag. He refuses the shake U prepared for him, and digs his way through Butterfinger’s and Dum-E’s loving ‘cuddles’.
“Mama, Spider-Man saved us!” Toby says proudly, pointing towards Peter. Andrew doesn’t move at all, still deep into his embrace with his mother. Peter can’t blame him, he’s extremely young and probably thought the entire time he was going to die.
“Well,” she answered with a full mouth “It should be, usually, it looks more like food.” Yaël shrugged
, so for just a few seconds, Peter worries that he might have been kidnapped. But, that would be stupid; there’s a giant-ass window over there, and he can easily climb out of it, right?
“And he did,” Tony adds to Steve, who smiles and looks down. Then he puts his hand on the table, close enough to touch. Tony, not stupid at all, knows an invitation when he sees one. Without hesitation, he reaches up his hand, resting it on top of Steve’s and gently stroking his skin under his fingertips.
Then, FRIDAY flies off at last, leaving Peter on the playground with a wet suit and no possible way to get home other than walking. Peter sighs, and then starts on his journey back.
(Seriously, if the puncture of the spine wasn’t painful enough, the goddamn injection itself was enough to make him wish he was dead. He’s actually rather surprised that he survived that whole crap.)
“Oh,” the woman looked a bit surprised, “He’s in his room. You can call me May by the way.” Oh, so Yaël had been ringing at the right door, nice!
Instead, he calls up for a cab, helps Johnny inside, and passes on the address. With Johnny’s head snoring on into his lap, Peter lets out a sigh while looking out the window. His mind goes back to this Black Cat. Who was she? And where is she? She’s got dangerous stuff with her, so he really hopes his Dad is after her, otherwise this would be pretty stupid.
“Oh, Brunhilde, meet Yaël. Yaël, meet Brunhilde, she’s a Valkyrie.” Yaël nodded shortly with a friendly but tense smile.
“I don’t tell them.” Nope, nope, that wasn’t right. Steve shouldn’t hide his relationship from everyone.
Peter and May nod, and then Dr. Palmer walks away. May squeezes Peter’s shoulder and kisses him on the forehead before walking back to her work. Peter balls his hands into fists before walking back into the room.
“You would have known had you spoken to him,” Tony answers before he can think better of it. A small part of him tells him he should keep it down, not anger Steve further. But the other part wants to defend his son, make it clear to this idiot in front of him that Peter should come first for both of them. Especially if Steve wants to keep pretending to be like a second father to him.
There’s Karen in his ears, begging him to stop, not to do it. Wanda’s behind him, warning him that she’ll stop him is she has to. Vision is quiet, seemingly shocked about what is happening there.
“NO WAY! You get to help him with the Iron Man suit? Which number is he at, now?” Ned interrupts him enthusiastically. Both Peter and Michelle turn to look at him, Michelle annoyed while Peter is more shocked. He has
When she heard the sound of gunshots, she turned her head and looked over her shoulder. Some dude from the ship was shooting at the zombies who were climbing onto the spaceship that was still desperately trying to leave. Wait, wasn’t that man on Hela’s side just a few hours ago?
“Yaël, let me assure you that I will never think you’re incapable of doing something just because you’ve been through a whole bunch of shit and you don’t feel so great.” Yaël smiled. He had a point there, didn’t he? Why would someone stop treating her like an equal just for having a troubled mind? Why would Peter, of all people, Peter, do that? That boy was the ultimate good-guy himself.
“Rogers,” Tony says. The woman gives the two a long, inspecting look, but then opens up the door and walks inside.
They’re brought to large chambers. Each pair gets their own room, and others are sharing. Peter finds himself sharing with Shuri, which he doesn’t mind – though he’s also not excited about. Holy shit he just wants to go to sleep. For an entire year. Maybe just forever.
“The website said something about a secret elevator, didn’t he?” Tony asks. He doesn’t wait for an answer as he gives the entire room a long look. “Try and find something for me, dear?”
"Our team is going to be victorious," Thor announces proudly, pulling Bruce and Steve closer to him and throwing his arms over their shoulders. Peter yells in enthusiasm, agreeing with that fact. Harry, too, starts cheering.
And that makes Tony stand still. His mind wanders back to the Mary he met once in that alternate universe Mordo sent him to. The one where he married Mary before Peter was born. The one where his kids hated him, where he was a cheating husband who didn’t love his wife anymore, but didn’t want to get divorced because that would ruin his name.
“What happened with Venom?” Peter asks. They can’t beat around the bush right now. Felicia needs her rest, and Peter needs to find out what happened to the symbiote before it possesses another person.
They don’t press on it, and that evening, Peter and Aunt May head back home, while Tony excuses himself to do some ‘research’.
“Now, what makes these gardens so special at three in the afternoon?” Tony asks. Looking around the place, he finds nothing but the beauty of nature. With the sky blue and cloudless, and the plants as green as is possible, he finds himself in some sort of utopia.
So he tries to be gentle. He calls him the moment he walks out of the school. Happy is driving, so Tony is sitting in the back. He holds up his phone, front camera having a clear view of his face.
He hurries out of his old suit without a second thought. He picks up the new one, feeling the familiar fabric underneath his fingers. His heart is beating faster, almost as if he’s just run a marathon. It’s only a few seconds before he’s pulling on the clothes, feeling it hang around him like a tent – much like it did back when Tony had him try it out.
X called her back the next day to tell her that he was going to discuss her situation with Fury immediately, so it’d be fixed as soon as possible. But there was a flaw in X’s plan.
Peter nods again. “I wasn’t planning on keeping it for much longer,” he says. The argument next to them dies down a little bit, Steve once again assuring Tony that he’s in fact not an abuser. It took him a while to get that thought out of his head, but Peter’s confident that this Tony can manage that just fine as well.
“Think about that next time I do something stupid, alright?” he tries, thinking back of the override-codes and the whole Vulture-business. Tony smiles again, wrapping an arm around Peter’s shoulder and keeping him close.
“I can hear that.” Loki opened the door, no longer waiting for her to let him in. Yaël felt her cheeks redden immediately, but she decided not to talk about it. Better to just get this over with, after all.
“There was a time you didn’t have those powers,” he answered “I even met you when you still had no powers. So the king saw no use in you, and banned you as he was afraid you carried a disease that could infect others. He also wanted to make sure this way that you’d never reproduce. Because how could you have kids if you never came in contact with any men, right? And Cem didn’t want to send you alone in the woods, so he came with you and built this house, all on his own.”
“I would say you deserve that. You’re kind of a dick,” Peter tells him. The guy doesn’t respond. “Now, uh, you better stay away from her, or you’ll get to see me more often.”
“You do whatever you want, Tony,” she says, though still extremely disappointed he seems to have forgotten their date tonight. Again.
“Jim is home, he stayed with the dog. He’ll help you find them,” she quickly assures him. Tony nods, getting himself back to Bruce and poking him in the side.
“So, it was an error from your side that caused the destruction of a full ferry boat?” Ross asks. Tony doesn’t look back at him.
Sam snorts. “He might enjoy a Spa-day if a certain super soldier is to join him,” he says with a wink. In return, he gets a punch in the arm from said super soldier.
“I don’t care,” he returns. “Everybody has their guilty pleasure, after all.” Eddie shoots out a web. Peter can’t avoid it quickly enough. Before he knows it, he’s pulled towards Eddie, grabbed by the suit and thrown against the ground. It’s a hard blow, pushing all the air out of Peter’s lungs as he makes painful complaining sounds. He shakes his head, trying to break free from the hold but failing at it.
She looks horrible, in a way. Not in any obvious manner; her hair is dark again, though her strands are now a washed-out blue. There’s a scar somewhere on her forehead, and her cheeks are maybe a bit hollowed out. She seems to twist nervously, almost continuously looking around as if she’s expecting danger.
Peter doesn’t seem too sure about that; Harry already escaped twice. He’s crafty enough, always waiting for the right opportunity.
They don’t see her when they leave. Peter should just remind himself to call her later. Just like always… That’s just exactly what went wrong in the first place, wasn’t it? The postponing? And then when she actually speaks out her mind, Peter can’t remember a thing and they’ve ended up in bed together somehow. At least it’s best that
“My- my dad’s journals. Everything about the spiders is in there. They’re at May’s house. My mother’s journals as well,” Peter says, though slurring a bit through his words. “Find- find them and you’ll figure things out.”
He asks when he’ll be home. Asks what he wants for dinner. If he wants to head to the dance club tonight, watch a movie with him and Peter. There’s a lot of pet names, confessions of love. And with every call that’s made, another attempt at escaping comes with it.
“Why are you taking over the control room? Did you start a revolution of yourself already? I’m just here to open the locks of the cells and to find one of these colourful pop-up maps. You know, to find the way to all the cellblocks, because the exit needs to get opened by hand for security reasons-”
“Peter,” Tony suddenly mutters. Because it can’t be true at all, can it? There’s no way that Peter can be dead, right? He’s just a kid, after all. About to turn eighteen in just a month. He should be going to the Empire State University. Should be graduating this year, take a lovely girl as his date for homecoming.
He and MJ sometimes work together on pieces on Spider-Man. For some reason, Peter always manages to get the most amazing shots of the guy, and in the past Miles often found himself cutting them out and keeping them in a notebook for admiration. Parker’s got a real photographer’s eye.
“Nah, a meteor flew from the sky and blew the building up,” Harry says shortly. Sam loses his balance and drops down on the ground, while Clint almost jumps up in the air.
There’s a silence after that that goes on until long after they finish their coffee. Still, eventually Tony takes the cup from Steve’s hand, and puts it aside on the nightstand. When he turns back, Steve is already standing, turned towards Tony with that grateful look on his face.
The moment he’s outside, Peter’s already back into his uniform, swinging from building to building in just a matter of seconds. His backpack is still over his shoulders, and his eyes are glued to the ground as he inspects everything that is happening here.
“Have you got an appointment?” the woman on the right asks. Steve opens his mouth to answer, but then the door opens. There he can see T’Challa’s surprised face. He looks like he’s ready to head outside. Good, where-ever he’s going, Steve can just talk to him about it on the way there.
“Once is enough, otherwise the person wearing this would be in some trouble when the signal is disturbed,” Mr. Stark says, sounding pensive. A little further back, Steve is leaning against the desk, watching Mr. Stark work. “Cap, honestly, you’re killing me with your death-stare. What do you need?”
She doesn’t know what happened in Sokovia. Tony came back changed, probably realizing he was in a big part the cause of all that destruction in that little country. The Avengers had left for the compound, Thor was back in Asgard or where-ever else in space, and Avengers Tower slowly but surely started to change back into Stark Tower.
Wade shrugs, not bothering to explain. Peter frowns then, thinking back of the last time he actually saw Tony Stark. He has seemed a bit off during the interview for the internship, but Peter had just figured that was his discomfort of talking to teenagers. As far as he’s always known, Tony Stark doesn’t do well with youth – which is actually crap, come to think of it; how is he ever going to tell the guy ‘hey, I’m your son by the way?’ if he’s not at all good with children?
“Well, we’re rather happy with Peter’s school. I’m sure Harry would like it there. Maybe they could even become friends?”
“Welcome home,” the dude with the dreadlocks said. “I saw you coming.” His eyes flew to Yaël, like he even expected her to be there. She raised her eyebrows in surprise.
Peter is breathless. There’s ashes, still bits burning even though Johnny’s flames have died down. The boy is hunched forward, his hands on his knees while he regains his breath as well. His eyes meet Peter’s for an instant, and he smiles at him, holding up his thumb. Peter smiles, holding up his thumb as well before lying back down on the ground. His ears are ringing, his muscles screaming, but… it’s over.
With May now only working half-time, she can get more time off to go to these kinds of things. Like Wakanda, last week or so. Peter’s actually sure Tony has something to do with it, but it’s also entirely possible her boss just lets her off the hook because he’s got a secret crush on her. He wouldn’t be the first one, after all. Peter remembers the waiter at the Thai-restaurant, Mr. Delmar… That just seems like a lifetime ago.
And Tony then stops, standing back up to get as much distance between the two of them as he can. With a hand passing over his chin, he nods.
Peter looks up, suddenly fearing for MJ even more. Is she even still in the web? If she is, it’s most probably a trap. Venom wants Peter to reach her, and when he’s there she’ll attack under his influence. It’s just about the cruelest thing to do! That’s like making a brainwashed Steve kill Tony and let him suffer the aftermath on his own!
That evening, Tony receives notification that somebody is trying to break into the tower using Peter’s identification card.
“Steve,” she returns shortly before sitting down on the couch and taking out her cellphone to pretend and read a few messages. She figures it’ll be a while before they head out.
The only problem is the elevator stopping too early. That’s not supposed to happen, right? Peter frowns, hesitating on putting the suit back on quickly but realizing he’s out of time to do so. The doors of the elevator open, revealing Clint and Sam in the middle of a discussion on aerodynamics, maybe. The moment they see Peter, they stop talking. Eyes widened, they stand in the opening of the elevator, preventing it from closing.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He just leans forward to kiss Tony’s cheek before resting his head on top of his. Silently, the three continue watching their move. Peter falls asleep before the first hour has passed.
“PARKER!” he shouts, and Peter’s not sure if it’s Venom calling out, or Eddie. They both hate him equally.
The days went on like that. Yaël went to work, came home and got beaten in every single training. Well, that was because, at first, she didn’t want to hurt Clint too badly, so she didn’t show him her fullest potential. Even though that made her an extremely easy victim for Clint. Dr. Cho didn’t say a thing about her coming over every evening after training to get her wounds healed, but Yaël could hear her sigh.
“What the-?” he mutters to himself, looking down at his hands but only seeing the dark texture of his suit. It might be the fact that there’s no light around him, but he could swear that his gloves appear darker than normally. It could just be in his head, because why would it possibly be darker?
One instant she was still with Harry, the next she was admitting to Spider-Man that he’d been the reason why she broke it off in the first place. And then there’s Harry who has been nothing but supportive about it.
“Go to the interview! I’ll see you in the lobby after I get Wade out of there!” Yaël gave him a gentle push against his back. His clothes were all messed up and his suit was showing a bit, Yaël noticed. So she did what she could to make him look more…well, less scrambled. She sleeked his shirt and buttoned his collar back up. Peter thanked her and ran off, trying to get to his interview on time.
When he came to the idea of getting to know Mr. Stark, he’d never thought it would be this hard to actually
“Okay, what’s up with you guys? Why are you all gossiping like fourteen-year-old girls?” Natasha asks, putting her cup into the sink and leaving it there. Surely somebody will wash it.
Charles frowned. “Well, I’ve been thinking about that a lot and… I think you shouldn’t tell anyone,” he whispered as to make sure nobody heard him, while nobody could actually see nor hear his appearance.
By the time he opens them again, he’s back in the bathroom in the middle of shaving while Steve is in the shower.
Peter knows it was probably Francis who came up with the idea. An attempt of him to keep Peter from working over day after day for almost five weeks. The guy’s surely just looking out for him, making sure he’s not working too many hours he’s not getting payed for.
“Don’t break yourself. I’ll catch you another time, darling,” she returns. With a wink, she throws herself back over the edge of the roof. Once she’s far away enough, he realizes she might have done all of this on purpose to get his guard down. If that’s the case, she’s succeeded rather easily.
“You keep on telling me that I need to talk if there’s something bothering me, whether it’s the panic attacks, or whatever else that has to do with the depression,” Peter starts. He takes a deep breath and closes the screens. “I want you to know that I can listen, too, if you want.”
Who turns out to be none other than Yael. Peter’s mouth falls open; he hasn’t seen this girl ever since the crap with the accords first started! She’d been on a trip somewhere, and practically disappeared from the world! When did she even return?!
Bruce is standing outside, wearing clothes that actually fit him this time. It’s almost noon and Peter’s at school again. Vision is somewhere around here, though Tony has no idea where.
“FRI, can you ask Dad how much longer he’ll be?” Peter asks after putting down the final plate. He’s counted about twenty plates so far, most of them for the Sousas and the Carters. Then Peter has to add one for Sharon’s surprise date, Pepper and Happy, aunt May, Vision, Wanda, Rhodey, Bruce (and his secret date?), Tony, Harry and then Peter.
“Yeah, I would gladly pay up, how much do you want from me?” Tony mutters, pulling out his wallet from his back pocket. He doesn’t carry a lot of cash on him, but he’s got his cheques, which he can quickly write one of for him.
Tony doesn’t really realize he’s stood up until he finds himself leaning against the window again, one hand on his forehead and the other on his hip. His eyes are closed while he tries to calm his breath, and for a moment he wonders what else could go wrong right now. First, Pepper leaves him, and then he learns that the first woman he’d actually fallen in love with had died years ago and he never even knew.
, he thinks to himself. Then he starts running towards his son, who is finally moving a bit. At least that’s a sign of life. It’s at least a
The voices are getting louder. Steve holds his breath for a moment when Natasha tells him to be quiet. When the group of people passes them by, she motions for him to move forward again. Quickly, Steve follows her into the garden house.
“Things are crap, but you know that I guess,” he finally says. And then he starts talking. About his youth, his father talking about Captain America as a way to get Tony to do the right thing. How his Dad, after a while, decided that Tony wasn’t worthy of being compared to Steve. How Tony hated Steve from that point on, until they
Steve isn’t here. Tony takes a shaky breath. “Did you call him?” he asks. Natasha gives him a strict look before shaking her head.
“Thanks,” the man says. Tony, in turn, looks at the video file. It doesn’t look too big, though he can see that it’s a few minutes long at least. Turning up the volume, he starts up the file. On the screen, Richard Parker’s face suddenly appears, the video in a really bad quality.
Some sort of bridge sled out of the ship and fastened itself against the rainbow bridge. Loki greeted Asgard by saying:“Did you miss me? Everyone, on that ship, now!”while walking passed the people, towards the fight, followed by Yaël.
The music keeps playing. People keep dancing. There’s fun all around, people laughing and talking and drinking. The feast is an obvious success.
“I can’t really reach her when she’s like this, my telepathy isn’t strong enough.” Wade pulled out his phone from his pocket
“Hey! Come on! I just fixed this suit!” Peter complains. He’s fixed the damn thing more often than not, and he’s slowly growing tired of it. The materials are expensive enough as it is, and the more he fixes it, the more he comes to realize he might just have to design a whole new thing that will at least be a bit more durable. And offer a bit more protection. He might try and use some stuff Tony’s using for his own mystery suit.
“Besides, Peter is here tonight. And while the walls are sound proof, I don’t really want him to walk in on us.”
“I just-“ Tony suddenly starts before stopping himself. Then, the engineer takes a deep breath, shuffles forward a bit in his seat and puts his hands on the table. “I know we have a lot of things to discuss, but I need us to put that on hold for a little while, okay?”
“Heh,” Peter chuckles out in embarrassment. “So is this a thing you do? You constantly read minds of everybody who walks around this building?”
“Loki,” Steve greets in return. It’s taken a while for him to understand that Loki’s actually on their side now after the war. But, he figures, if the others could give Bucky a chance, he could try and make an effort for Thor’s brother.
“Shut up, Tony,” Pepper says, resting a hand over her eyes as she notices Vision’s growing confusion. She looks at him apologetically. “I’m sorry, just ignore him. He’s being annoying.”
“Yeah, you are on next week. Better prepare something good,” Sam says. Then he, Clint and Scott start walking towards the elevator. But right as they pass Peter, Scott puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder.
And even though Peter is Spider-Man, and he’s been able to defeat multiple bad guys, he’s never felt safer than right now.
“Whoa!” Peter says, because he knows he has to appear impressed. If he wouldn’t be, Mr. Stark would surely notice. “Is this-?”
“I’m sorry I flipped out,” Tony suddenly says as they start walking back. “I know it seems like I’m smothering you all the time, but I promise I have my reasons for it.”
“I can imagine,” Tony returns, smiling as he tries to picture it in front of him. It’s actually a shame he didn’t go along because of his own stubbornness. “When’s the wedding?”
What he needs right now is Gwen. She would always manage to cheer him up, to distract him. But that’s no longer possible.
“But I-?” Peter can’t finish any sort of sentence. He gets a supportive pat on the shoulder from Harry, who seems to find all of this hilarious.
“Sure there is,” Tony had returned, smirking slightly while leaning against the wall, still a decent distance away from the bed. “How’s the Capsicle feeling?”
“Patrolling?” Peter asks. “I didn’t go patrolling? I went to sleep after we spoke to each other?” The microwave beeps. Peter reaches up to get his mug out. Then he takes the cacao powder and prepares his chocolate milk.
When Peter suddenly feels like he can breathe again, he opens his eyes. He can’t feel the wind going over him, but he can catch a glimpse of the water underneath him. He’s flying above it,
“’Piece of ass?’ Is that really your best way of describing me?” he asks, horrified. Tony rolls his eyes.
“Jackpot,” Tony says, throwing the folder back into the case and returning to the box. Rhodey, meanwhile, puts the dog back on the ground, letting it sprint out of the room to hastily get something to play with.
It never comes. And slowly, Tony is realizing that it’s no use. His fingers almost squeeze through Peter’s arms as he hugs him against him. Rocking his fallen son’s body around, he feels every bit of control leaving his body.
(So far, the series is going to contain 3 stories; Peter's story, Yaël & Loki's story, and Natasha's story, though the last one will be a short one)
“You know, gay and proud? I mean, sure, it took a little while for you to be open about it in my world, but… you got married, Steve? Does Sharon even know that you are-“
“Everything’s fine, Peter,” Tony answers in panic, head turned towards the window while watching the rain fall. He’s sure Peter knows he’s lying, because Tony is not at all succeeding in giving him a convincing poker-face. Luckily for him, the kid doesn’t seem to want to press it.
Fuck this, he’s just going. It’s not a date, after all. To be fair, the only reason he even started to get nervous around her at school is because of what he knows now. He just wishes sometimes she wouldn’t have said it to Spider-Man, because now Peter’s living with the truth. Has MJ noticed his nervousness, yet?
“Thank you, for apologizing,” Natasha says. “Now can you take off the suit so I can give you a proper hug?”
Peter feels uneasy all of the sudden. His whole body feels itchy, nervous. He realizes it’s the suit resonating its fear on him.
With that, Tony once again steps out of the workshop and back outside. Peter watches him go with a wave of sadness going through him at the idea of how Tony must be feeling right now. He’s been pretending that everything’s fine, but Peter knows he isn’t. It must be so much on the man’s shoulders, and Peter just wishes he could take a break once in a while. Of course, he knows Tony won’t take one as long as these accords are not yet tweaked through.
They’re greeted by a lovely woman when the door opens. She introduces herself as Rosie Octavius, so Tony figures she must be his wife.
“Let me at least turn on the TV, get the music channel up or something?” Johnny tries the moment Steve enters the living room with a heavy box in each arm.
And that thought leads him back to the Black Cat. What is it she wants from him? Does she want… she couldn’t want to just sleep with him, right? She doesn’t even know him, nor know what he looks like! She just wants to know him better so she can outsmart him. That’s probably it.
Yaël looked around when the cab stopped in front of the Compound. Okay, there were no cops around. She paid the driver and climbed out of the car. Once she got in her room, she immediately opened the box she pulled out from under her closet. Yaël put on the lab coat she had stolen from the dressing room few days ago in which the doctors, employees and scientists who checked on and worked with the prisoners who stayed in the compound, got changed.
So after using air to change the course of the plates a bit so they wouldn’t fly into Peter’s face (she couldn’t even steer them to softly land on a table or shoot them back or anything), and after using it together with earth to make a shield for so long, she felt completely drained. She was trying her utter best to land the tiles back on their place, but some of them just fell and clattered against the floor, so she just let go of the air and fixed them quickly by using her earth-powers.
“A bit nervous, but other than that…” When they turn towards Peter, the kid chokes on the drink he’d been taking. While he starts coughing, he holds up his thumb to indicate that he’s doing fine.
“I don’t think I would really remember anything other than ‘yes, he’s your father’, or ‘No, he’s not your father’,” Peter tries to joke. Dr. Cho does offer him a smile after that, and she sits down, motioning for Peter to do the same.
Oh, right… because Peter had left, Tony hadn’t expected him to return that evening. That’s what he told himself when he opened that first bottle.
Tony returns. Once he’s in the penthouse he steps onto the balcony, letting the suit surround him with just a thought. Tony flies up, all the way to Manhattan, landing in front of the school with ease. He sees a few of the mutant-kids looking at him in wonder. He gives them a smile and a wave.
Yeah, that had been the surprise of the century, but Harry hadn’t been angry. Instead, he urged Peter on to ask MJ for senior prom instead. Harry’s a good friend.
“She kind of did, but in my defense, I can’t afford to be called a misogynistic! Pepper would have killed me!”
“Hey, Andrew. My name is Peter. But that’s our secret, alright?” Peter asks. The kid nods, still not looking exactly calmed down. “I’m going to lower your brother down with a super-strong web that can’t break, alright? What’s your brother’s name?”
“Aw, how cute, your boyfriend comes to your rescue, Eugene,” Eddie returns. He holds up his fist, giving it a short look before moving it towards Peter’s face. Despite the alcohol, Peter avoids it easily. With a practiced move, he swings his own fist in a strong hook, hitting Eddie right in the face. When he goes flying into the room, Peter realizes he might have hit him a bit too hard.
“One month,” Peter says. Thinking back of his friends all spending their Christmas in jail. Natasha not even with the others since men and women are separated. It must suck… They might only have had a sentence of two months, but it lasts long enough when you’re waiting for them.
“But MJ, I really can explain! Something’s been happening to me, and I hadn’t realized it before!” Peter holds up his hands in defeat, but also to beg her not to walk away. MJ rolls her eyes.
“HEY!” somebody shouts. Peter turns his head to the source of the sound, only to have a boot kicked in his face. Peter lets go of his web, smashing against a building and dropping down on the ground. Luckily, he wasn’t too high up, though the drop still hurts like hell.
They’re in what seems like a bedroom. Their lips once again attached. Only shortly do they pull away to let Steve take off his shirt. Tony throws it away somewhere on the ground. Steve undoes the buttons of his own shirt. It joins the other quickly.
Flash is surprisingly absent from school, so there’s nobody to mock Peter, which is at least something good. Unfortunately, the same doesn’t count for Michelle, who takes the opportunity of an emptying dining hall as enough reason to sit down at Peter’s and Ned’s table and pull out her phone once again, showing another picture of Peter wearing sexy maid clothes (that don’t at all look sexy on him, might Peter add!) swinging his umbrella in the air. Once again, Peter groans and drops his head on the table.
They talked a bit and then sat down on a few rocks behind them. Yaël couldn’t hear what they were saying, but she simply couldn’t look away. She hadn’t seen him in real life for such a long time... Did his hair actually grow even longer?
Since Yaël still wasn’t able to drive a car, she had to take a bus. Luckily Stark Tower was so important in New York that many busses had a stop in front of it. Charles disappeared again as soon as they got off. Yaël walked in and immediately moved towards the elevator.
“How’s my liver?” Steve asks against his skin. Tony snorts, passing a hand through Steve’s hair and massaging his scalp.
The day Michelle Jones accepts Harry’s proposal to go on a date is the day Peter thought he would have seen elephants fly. By that, he means that he would never have thought it to happen, but yet, it still does.
Tony looks up, realizing that his eyes are wet. This little boy, who has already suffered so much in his life. Who is lying in a hospital bed right now, probably dying if they don’t figure this out quickly enough. His little Peter, who might be an adult now, might be going for a doctorate next just so he wouldn’t get bored. His son, who has already died in Tony’s arms once.
“Not like I needed a driver’s license in space,” she mutters. If Peter would have been drinking something, he would have spitted it back out right into Steve’s face upon that revelation.
A dark snort goes through him. No, with Thanos they were still losing massively – heck, he even died – despite having an entire team with them. Now, Peter’s completely alone, weak, and not at all in the right state of mind. Venom knows exactly what it’s doing, and that scares Peter a bit.
“Tony, relax,” Steve says from the kitchenette as Tony takes out what he thinks is a duster. He has no clue, since he’s never really had to clean anything before. “You know the housekeeper does Peter’s room as well, it’s completely clean.”
“Whatever game you’re playing, it won’t work,” Hela clearly didn’t trust a word Thor said. “You can’t defeat me.”
“So, are you a mutant, too?” Mr. Thompson casually asked while wiping off his hands on his pants. Wow, that question got dropped on her like a bomb. What could she say? Did she have to explain that she was an alien or would that make things go bad?
“I’m going to find you a girlfriend,” she had responded, and Steve couldn’t help it; he started laughing. So hard, in fact, that he had to put pressure on his stomach as it was hurting from all the laughing. There were tears in his eyes, and his face was aching from the constant smile that his lips were forming.
“So I was wondering if you might want to hang out?” Ned asks, holding up his phone to show Peter a picture. “I got this
“PETER!” he shouts the moment he catches Peter walking away. Peter’s all too aware of Jessica watching it happening curiously, but he can only hope for her not caring enough about it.
here? I saw you die, Peter? Right after the Goblin threw you off that tower. I’ve spent the past four years blaming myself for it, I…” Her voice cracks in the emotion. Gwen lowers her head, pressing her brows against Peter’s shoulder. “After all these years, and I find myself still loving you,” she chuckles out sadly.
Peter was buried under blankets, his hand was hanging out of the bed and his hair looked as messy as anyone’s hair would look while sleeping. Crap, what now? She should leave him alone, right? Yup, she should go, like, right now. Maybe she should leave a note? Yeah, that was probably a good idea. So Yaël left his room again, searching for a paper and a pen.
“You know I can’t really help it… I just think that if the two of you would see each other more often, you’d share more. You guys are both not really big texters.” Of course she was right, Yaël hadn’t called him either to let him know she had been living with X for a while and that she had become a teacher.
“Hi Peter! Peter’s da- I mean Iron Man! Peter’s principal!” Deadpool calls out before running off again. In one swift jump, he flies out of the window only to land on the ground – just not the right way. As he lies on the ground with all of his bones pointing the wrong way, Wolverine starts to walk towards the window to check out the damage.
And so Yaël stood up and told the bodyguards she’d let herself out. When she wanted to turn around, just to ask Tony a last question: why he disliked her so much, the bodyguards forced her to turn the other way and keep on walking. Guess she’ll never know, then.
“Yeah, a job-interview with Mr. Stark! I’m sorry, can’t chat, I’m late,” she said without stopping. Yaël got into the lift and guessed to Stark stayed at the top floor, as a stereotypical boss should do. Before the glass door closed in front of her, she saw two security guards run up to her, only arriving too late as the elevator started moving.
When Peter told her someone had been filming their fight on the party, Yaël snorted. She chuckled, not to laugh with him, but because him worrying that she was still mad about that idiotic mistake, warmed her heart. Of course it was she who caused all that drama, but his reaction showed he really cared about her.
“Richard is going to inject the spiders with his blood. It’s some sort of fail-safe, in case Oscorp would ever turn against him, so they would only have any form of result with his bloodline.”
“I don’t really know what to think about these accords, Tony. They don’t really sound practical to me.”
“Of course not, you’re just easy to find sugar,” Cat says with a wide smirk, coming to sit down on the ground next to him, close enough that her thigh presses up against his. Peter doesn’t move from his spot on the ground, but with the sun in his eyes he has trouble seeing the girl on his left. Through the beams of sunlight, he can see her binding her hair together, moving in such a graceful way that for a moment he wonders if she’s ever been a ballerina in the past.
For the following ten minutes, the two get themselves working on the first few designs until Peter chases him off, telling him that he wants to make this one himself. Tony surrenders with a laugh, and gets to work on his own thing.
“Shar, uh, hi,” Steve stutters out. Sharon raises her eyebrows at him, but she still manages a smile, looking amused.
Tony startles, feeling his body freeze up. Wait, is Steve seriously going to talk about this again? Steve seems to have notices his sudden reaction. He pulls away a little bit allowing Tony to sit up again. The moment he faces him, his eyes can’t leave him.
“Relax, sweet cheeks,” she says, looking out into the city. “I needed the view, is all.” Then she points towards a random building. “There’s were I need to be.”
Maybe drinking with Wade wasn’t such a smart idea after all, Yaël realized after a few pints and wines. The man just couldn’t get drunk. Every time he got a bit tipsy, he almost immediately sobered up again.
Tony shushes her, unable to concentrate with her talking like this. He just needs to find a connection with the network and after that things should be fine. He grits his teeth together in annoyance.
“Eh,” Peter says, looking down at his hands in his lap. “She and my father died, about ten years ago. Plane-crash.”
