The stadium falls away. Sherlock’s body is heavy against him, warm and panting for breath, his face pressed into John’s neck. To think that this jumble of limbs and bones just won, just obliterated a world record, just accomplished
John pulls his shirt off over his head, and Greg’s hands are all over his chest, his chapped lips bending to kiss John’s neck, his collarbone, his scars. John always imagined the first time Greg truly kissed his chest there—more than a sad, gentle peck—would be emotional, too tense and fragile for anything else. But instead, it’s joyous. He laughs again just to hear it echo. Follows it with a reckless moan. Pulls Greg’s eager mouth back to his and holds him there, their warm, loose bodies pressed together like they’re sneaking in a snog in a school corner, John’s skin on fire, his muscles singing. He’s overly sensitive from his race, his lungs weakened and tired, and he can feel the pleasure of Greg’s confident touch through his whole body, as if Greg Lestrade has trained his whole life just to touch John Watson, to make him
I fight down a wave of nausea from my medication, making my way as quickly as I can towards his side. The curtains in his room are pulled back, filling every corner with the bright afternoon sun. Warming his pale white skin. I reach his side and immediately take his limp hand in mine, sitting on the bed and looking down into his face.
When it’s over we both collapse onto our backs, chests heaving. Scott reaches for my forearm and I swat him away. Alma would never have rough fingers like that – his touch makes it too hard to pretend. Neither of us pulls our jeans back up over our hips. I’m out of breath.
Just then they reach Sherlock, who’s turned to greet them, hands stuck in his pockets and shoulders slightly slumped, like he’s trying to make himself look smaller in the air. Greg grows quiet as they approach, and John feels sudden nerves churn in his gut. He feels like he needs to say something. Somehow bridge the gap between the two halves of his life suddenly clashing together in the sand. He opens his mouth to try to speak, hands clammy and awkwardly clearing his throat. Then Sherlock reaches out a hand before John can say anything and Greg takes it in a firm and silent handshake, sharing a quiet look that makes John’s chest ache to witness. Sherlock turns to take Molly’s hand then, leaning down to kiss her cheek. John gapes, mouth wide open. He’s barely seen Sherlock shake another person’s hand before, let alone this. He burns the image into his memory, hiding it deep in his mind.
“You really are an idiot, aren’t you?” Sherlock comments, hand reaching out to tilt John’s chin up, until he is finally forced to look. More emotions are reflected on the other man’s face than John has ever seen. There is a slight smile around his mouth, but his eyes reflect John’s sadness, while the lines on his face speak of worry and anger and confusion. It awakens a sudden need in John to comfort Sherlock, instead of focusing on his own chaos.
They have healed each other. Meeting Sherlock has played such a central part in John establishing his life here, in making him feel again. And now, they must figure out if all that emotion is a blessing or a curse. Something in between, maybe. And that is what makes it all so complicated.
“Yeah it was great. The guys are great it’s…yeah it’s been good,” John could hear himself stumbling over the conversation and couldn’t understand why he was never able to just be normal, with girls. Sarah smiled politely but didn’t speak for a moment. John mentally checked over what he had said, worried he had maybe said the wrong thing.
“Fine, thank you,” Sherlock answered politely, looking up at John. He was so close, leaning over like that, it made Sherlock blush without intending to, the reflex catching him off guard. John didn’t notice, busy grimacing from his own pain.
,” Sherlock said forcefully, not opening his eyes. Once he heard the downstairs door close, he finally let out a heavy sigh, as Mary found the fresh pillowcase she had been looking for in the cupboard.
“Well… yeah,” John smiled shyly. “Aren’t you?”
, he reminded himself, sarcastically.
Fine. Are you really in bed?
It did feel a bit stalker-ish to have figured out John’s address and be standing here with a pile of school work.
“Let’s not start playing tit for tatt, mate,” Greg replied. “I’m sure I could have you shut down pretty quick smart. That man’s brother could have you completely erased,” Greg assured him with renewed confidence, flicking a glance at John, who was wired and still pacing, but focussed back on the screens.
,” Sherlock repeats, a large hand suddenly on his shoulder, making him slowly turn. John still cannot look at him. He can’t hear those words: ‘we can still be friends’. Not from his mouth, or worse, to see him disgusted at what John feels.
“You can’t keep me here with you, you know,” John said quietly from his corner. Sherlock was irritated that the room was too dark, and he could only see some of John’s face – a light from further down the corridor creating a small glow in his cell. He wondered briefly if it was a sign that his mind was also already forgetting John’s face. He didn’t think that would ever be possible though.
“Sherlock…” she stood for a moment, not sure how to say it, “
John walked up to the school buildings to gather the rest of the things he needed. How he managed to get so overloaded on homework on his first day, he didn’t know, and he muttered to himself as he stalked back in his dirty football gear, carrying his clothes in his arms. There were still cleaners moving about and the odd staff member still finishing up for the day, but otherwise the grounds had already become quiet. John felt a little uncomfortable being on the grounds late, when so few people were about. It was always hard in a new school knowing what was normal and acceptable. Some of his schools allowed students to wander, and John revelled in being allowed to stay late at the library or just to walk around the grounds thinking to himself. Anything to avoid going home. But other schools had a strict “go home” policy and being on grounds in the late afternoon could be detention worthy.
“Understood, sir,” the woman said, giving Anderson a little glare herself, as if his outburst was inconvenient for them all.
“I know it’s early. I didn’t think—”
“Shut up,” John quipped, but he clearly couldn’t help the smile creeping onto his lips. “Now, can I get some rest please?”
The first thing he noticed was the ringing. Something on the edges of his consciousness was
this?” John asked. “This place has nothing particularly personal on the walls, no evidence of someone really living here, and yet they have been watching us. Monitoring us by the look. Photographing us. I feel sick.”
John would not have been able to cope with this sight, Lestrade had been right about that. But it surprised him how much it was affecting him as well. He had always been excellent at ignoring the human side of any crime scene. Detachment was his most honed skill. Proudly so. And yet now, he was feeling a strange shift.
“Here.” Mycroft walked back around his desk and grabbed them – they had been close-to-hand already. “You know I have to say, I’m actually relieved that you know.”
“Yeah ‘cause that works
the drugs, and I deserve it. I deserve that. I am channelling the pain into the part of me that
The grass is still damp, the drops of water glittering in the early morning light. It’s quiet, a quiet they only get up here in the mountains, a quiet filled with bird song and the bells around the cows’ necks, pealing with every move of their heavy heads. Then there is the sound of John’s laughter, as Sherlock pulls him along the path, breathless and still rough from sleep.
“What are you
“Ooh,” Sherlock winced again, “Sorry.”
He smiled to himself. Maybe he would take her up on it. Maybe.
It was still too early for the sun to be up. The buildings blocked any opportunity for the rising light to shine through anyway, so it would be a while until natural light graced the space. Sunrise wasn’t for another hour at least either way. He could see Lestrade up ahead, Donovan and Anderson leaning in speaking with him in hushed tones, probably deciding a plan of attack. Despite not really liking or respecting either of them much, there was a certain comfort in the routine of working together again. The Superintendent, deciding that Sherlock’s name could be cleared, allowed Anderson to eventually come back to work as well, after his time on leave. There was a new respect between them all, Anderson having become a bit of a fan in Sherlock’s absence. And yet, somehow, when they were together on a crime scene, they reverted back to old habits. Sherlock preferred it that way, though. He would never consider them friends. He worked better alone and being despised by everyone else around him. He liked to irritate people and he found an honesty in that which the forced niceties of a workplace generally hid.
“Nothing,” John said stubbornly.
“Aberdeen?” John offered.
“Fine,” Sherlock huffs with an eye roll.
“What
“Ah, Sure. Will you be all right?” Sherlock asked nervously.
with you two? Is he an ex or something?” John asked, not thinking.
There was the glitch in the footage again, and then the explosion came again without warning, and John rewound it, pausing this time to write down the time it happened. The camera had a clock on it, but surprisingly no date that he could see. He made a note of that, too. He pressed play again and the café imploded a third time and finally John sank into his chair. He couldn’t process it, no matter how many times he re-watched it.
And god, Sherlock looks immaculate in a beautifully tailored black suit, the jacket hugging his form perfectly and the pants just tight enough to accentuate his delicate curves. He has a cream silk shirt open at the neck which only draws the eye to his pale skin more. John is breathless at the sight of him. Sherlock looks magnificent as he walks to the conductor and bows slightly, before shaking the conductor’s hand. He turns to the audience, taking another bow to more cheers, and as he straightens, he looks up, connecting eyes with John. Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise just briefly, and he blinks a few times, clearly caught by the surprise of the moment. John’s heart stops beating and it’s as if the entire theatre is suddenly empty and it’s just the two of them staring into each other’s eyes. Sherlock doesn’t smile, there’s no glint in his eye, no signal to John that it’s a
“Uh…sure,” Sherlock replied, suddenly shy again.
,” John grunted out quietly, through gritted teeth, fists clenching by his sides.
John turned away to look at Sherlock again through the glass, not wanting to acknowledge the reality of the dig.
are?” Sherlock asked her again, boldly. He didn’t like the way she seemed to be so familiar, so comfortable with John, and with him – with everyone in the room apparently.
Mycroft turned to face him, finally. “Doctor Watson, I know it seems unbelievable. Much of what you observe today will seem impossible. But I assure you it is serious work. There are lives at stake here and we are trying to prevent the deaths of more people.”
“I’m not sure Mycroft feels the same,” John replies, looking down at the couch.
“Okay you two, enough of that,” Mike said, with an eye roll. “Don’t turn it into a moment.”
” John yelled at the mirror.
Sherlock was now yelling for completely the opposite reason - in excitement. John caught Sarah’s eye across the field. She was still coming to every game and had in the last week managed to end up with one of the other players, and they were happy. He was glad. She smiled at him, eyebrows lifted high in surprise watching Sherlock’s excitement over the game. John smiled back and shook his head. Sherlock was full of surprises. Oh, how he loved Sherlock. The thought caught him off guard. He hadn’t realised how much his feelings had grown over such a short space of time. He certainly wouldn’t let Sherlock know that yet. That was a sure-fire way of scaring him off or killing the mood at least - particularly with his impending departure. No, he would keep that to himself.
------
“Yes, I think… it’s too hard for me to focus, and I’d like to close my eyes for a bit, but maybe if you read it to me…” he offered.
“Lestrade…” Sherlock began to explain.
“See, John? I’ll be fine,” Sherlock smiled smugly, letting his head drop back again, eyes closed.
break every bone in your body!”
“Because, Sherlock, you don’t seem to be taking any of this very seriously! And someone’s been—” John began without meaning to, turning his back on Sherlock, to stop himself.
___________________
“Yes,
“Rosie, you stay over there in the shelter for a minute,” John called to her as he bent down and grabbed the phone. She cuddled Bunny to her and sat in the little sheltered cubby at the top of the slide.
He focussed back on the entire footage, taking in a few more details and writing them down. A teenage girl walked a dog down the street, an older lady paused to look for something in her bag, before continuing on, but his eyes kept being drawn back to the man in the window.
” He said in a low, sulky tone.
, uninterrupted alone time before I’m due back in London. We have a tour to Japan coming up.”
in me to leave you behind!” Sherlock finally yelled back. “And I don’t want to talk about it! Because I spent
“Wait,” John said, letting go of Sherlock, his brain finally catching up. “You didn’t want to tell me you were possibly dying… because you thought you’d accidentally tell me… about
“Because… Sherlock, you must
“You didn’t have to do any of it,” Sherlock said softly, looking at John.
“I was worried that maybe your dad had…” The innocence in Sherlock's voice surprised John and he felt momentarily guilty that he had led Sherlock to think that, after last time. It hadn't occurred to him. But then his anger flared. He didn't want Sherlock thinking of him as some defenceless, damaged friend who needed protecting.
“He’s probably a better manager than he is a brother, honestly. But I know his heart is in the right place. We don’t really talk about it. I imagine it’s a bit like your relationship with Harry: complicated.”
“John. I
By the time he had chewed off two of his fingernails and thought through every possibility, ranging from the probable to the ridiculous, Sherlock had finally fallen into a deep sleep. John eventually was able to lie down on the bed beside him, settling into the pillow to drift off himself.
And without thinking, he leaned in and placed a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead, just lightly, before surprising himself out of his own trance.
“He will already have known something was going on. He’s far too intelligent. I warned you.”
“Does everyone know that name – the tri… whatever?” Greg asked, sounding irritated at his lack of knowledge.
He changed and got himself settled on one of the machines, setting the weights high enough to be painful. He need to really take his frustrations out on it and feel the burn. He was glad there was no one else in there this morning. He just wanted time alone to take it out on the equipment. He let his mind wander, only stopping once to nod at the coach who walked by, and let him carry on.
“You okay?” John asked urgently.
” John said. Sherlock’s heart sank as he realised of course it was true. John had been dead for months now. The loss too much to bear. The cost to them all for their plan too much for Sherlock to take any longer. His brother had taken so long to find him and bring him back but it was well and truly too late by then.
The team broke out into concerned conversations amongst themselves, a few of them flicking John looks of blame. John just stared at Mycroft, uncertain what to do.
“I don’t have a say in it,” John said with resignation.
“I know,” John responded. They never talked about it, but he knew. Mycroft had also tried to explain it to him before as well.
We last left you in 2011 with Sherlock and John reuniting (and not much explanation of why yet... you’ll have to stay tuned for that - pun intended) and now we go back to 2010 before they have met. Thanks for following our story
“Yes alright, alright, leave it to me,” John replies, running over to talk to the man with the lamp, but his ears are still wide open, taking in Sherlock’s phone conversation at the same time. He heads towards the house to take in the chaos of what they are doing and give directions, but stands by the front door so he can keep listening in.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock checks, with a confused hum.
“What?” Sherlock couldn’t even remember that happening.
“I’ll stay with him, Mike,” Sarah said dutifully.
Mycroft chose not to respond.
The very thought had made John cringe.
of you give a toss.”
“I don’t think I’m ready.”
“And before you ask, that
“I suppose that bruise on your neck is…nothing too?” Sherlock gestured to the side of his neck where a clear mark was there. Sherlock was pretty sure they were finger marks. John grabbed at his jumper and tried to adjust it, lifting his shoulders to try and hide his neck. He hadn’t spotted that bruise this morning. Usually he covered them so well. Sherlock let out a sigh and rummaged in his bag.
“We thought we could help him, but you can see he’s falling down hill pretty fast now. At first it was just a bit of the usual grieving, anti-social behaviour, a bit of drinking even. But he was still in touch. Still accepting visitors. Now, he’s not eating, not sleeping, not seeing anyone. It’s getting dire. He lashed out at Mrs Hudson last week. We’ve actually sent her away to stay with her sister this week while we try and sort him out. Of course, that only made John feel worse, guilty, which is probably in part what’s set this little event off tonight.”
And with that, he let Sherlock know he was done arguing. He was not taking any more of Sherlock’s nonsense.
Sherlock turned on the seat to face John and really look at him. “You are a far better human than I am. I would be lucky to be with someone like you. With all my mess. I don’t expect you to…”
“You really can’t let him go can you?” Sherlock looked at John, curious as to what was happening. Did John like James? James was attractive, after all, and gave off that dangerous vibe people seemed to like. Sherlock had to admit to himself that he was caught up in that when he first met James too, before other things happened between them and he found out what James was really all about. Now he wanted nothing more than to keep John away from him. John gave him a look letting him know he wasn’t in fact, letting it go.
“Hmmm, best not,” Sherlock says with a nervous grimace, placing the bag on the coffee table and walking over to the kitchen to collect some plates.
,” his voice was sweet, cajoling.
“Hey.” John Watson said in his direction, sounding friendly, his eyes following Sherlock as he sped past, hopeful for a response. But Sherlock put his head down and kept walking. No-one ever wanted to talk to him. It was probably a mistake.
“Sherlock, you seem nervous. You don’t need to be. The guys think you’re great. The coach loves you. And John well…”
The man looks at it for a moment before taking it. “Sherlock.
“Really,” John blushed. “Let’s just focus on the task at hand all right?”
“Sherlock, you’re a
“Harry called and was in trouble, so I was trying to book a flight, to get here quickly.”
as the conductor gestures to the wings and then, there he is: out walks Sherlock. John jumps slightly in fright when the audience breaks into huge, unexpectedly loud applause and cheers – apparently he is well known and loved.
“Already packed,” John responded. “My bag is checked at the front desk with the concierge.”
His thoughts are disturbed by heavy stomping on the stairs and he stands up to greet the visitor. John appears at the doorway, wet from head to toe, again, trying to juggle three bags of groceries in very soggy broken paper bags. He doesn’t look happy.
. But Sherlock, I can’t—”
John understood this feeling completely. For that brief moment in the morgue his heart sank. He knew Rosie was at home but for a brief moment he lost his grounding. He needed to go straight home and make sure she really was there and hug her tight. But he was a doctor. He was able to compartmentalize things in a way that perhaps Sherlock had never had to before. Of course, as Sherlock’s record went, losing important people in his life did hit him hard. John had never really thought about it much, and they hadn’t talked much about it together, either. He should have realised that it would hurt Sherlock much deeper than it had himself. He was ashamed that he hadn’t realised what his best friend had been going through.
He walked away, guiding Rosie down the corridor, but glancing back at the bathroom door.
“I read your application,” the man offered, taking over from Greg, seamlessly. “Impressive.”
Sherlock thought to himself, painfully.
The temperature was dropping fast, as clouds gathered above, blocking the sun, and a gloom was settling in. It had seemed like nice weather only a short while ago. Luckily he had packed an extra jacket for Rosie. The park was quiet; it was already late afternoon. Most families had probably gone home in preparation for dinner. John wouldn’t normally fuss with a trip to the park this close to dinner either, but after that interaction with Sherlock at the flat - whatever that was – he felt he needed to do something for Rosie and get them both out of there for a bit. He couldn’t understand what was happening with Sherlock lately, honestly. There was a coldness there – particularly towards Rosie this week - he had not seen before. He had just been thinking how wonderful everything had been going. How wonderful it had been to have Sherlock so close, to help him raise Rosie. And Sherlock had embraced the challenge with a scientific verve and fascination. The number of hilarious moments they had shared together parenting Rosie in just the last year had been staggering. And when he thought about it properly, Sherlock
“John, don’t.” Sherlock warned, even more embarrassed.
They lay there together for almost a whole minute before John’s brain caught up. “Did you just make that up, to get me to admit where my family is from?
to do, I needed to cut the heart out or I couldn’t have gone.”
“Yes, quite sure. Just a bad dream,” Sherlock said, his voice shaking more than he wanted it to.
Sherlock stopped and really looked at John’s posture. “You
“Make room, you git, I’m getting wet.” John gently shoves him to the side, grinning, and Sherlock steps aside. “Ta, love,” John responds, the endearment making Sherlock’s stomach flutter. He takes a moment to get the grin on his face under control before he turns and follows John into the shop.
“I am.” He breathes against John’s lips.
The final straw had come when Mycroft had messaged him, with the possibility of a case. They had been working some of Greg’s mundane cases and normally, Sherlock would say no to his brother, just to be irksome. But this time, Mycroft had sent him a very mysterious message he couldn’t refuse. If John hadn’t been so pig-headed about him staying inside, about not going out on a case, then maybe he wouldn’t have… well it was too late for that sort of thinking now wasn’t it? He had, in fact, chosen to go, he had been enticed to get high. But he knew that he had not been feeling well before that. He remembered clearly that the last week or two – with the change of meds – things had been… foggy. He didn’t want to tell John, lest there be more fuss, more time inside, so he had been monitoring things himself. He knew what he needed when his mind was sluggish: to get out; stretch his legs; breathe London in; solve a case; follow a lead of his brother’s making. Anything to make sure he wasn’t losing his mind, for therein would lie a far greater tragedy. Drugs did also help, admittedly that was part of the temptation. That, and his mulish inability to adjust to their relationship. It was strange that Mycroft hadn’t asked anything about the connection though, given he was the one that enticed him out.
“John. Please don’t look at me like that.” John noted his words were a bit slurred.
. And instead of being able to hug you, to celebrate the moment, I had to accept that you were on death’s door across the bloody continent somewhere, and Mycroft was about to go and rescue you.” John stopped pacing. “Were you ever planning to come back? And tell me everything?”
“I mean, sure,” John understood. “You were looking out for us all.”
“Oh sure. Of course. Do you want me to come and help?” he offered.
John watched him go, and blushed, knowing he was the cause of the outburst.
“Well I have some renovations I’m doing on the house, to help the Stamfords out – you know, in exchange for my staying. I could use an extra hand,” John had joked, not in any way expecting someone like Sherlock would be interested.
“Well yes, that is true but… maybe… he…” John couldn’t wrap his head around thoughts of the case facts when jealousy was interfering. He hated himself for it. After making Sherlock watch him traipse woman after woman through Baker Street, he had no right to it. What they had was very new and tainted by so much hurt which they were still working on, so much physical recovery that was still a barrier. There had been little time for proper romance yet. It was possible that Sherlock had become bored with him. It was John Watson’s greatest fear.
“My brother didn’t want to let me come here, to rest. He wanted me in a clinic somewhere,” Sherlock admits. “But something made me think of this cottage.”
“What are you planning to do, John?” Sherlock asked, trying to take control.
“I don’t… I…” Sherlock was suddenly stumped.
it. And mean it.”
-----
John’s ankle was starting to improve, allowing him to participate in the warm-up and help the team, to work the ankle a bit. He was still going to be stuck on the crutches for another week or so in between, just to give it rest. At least he was able to put his foot on the ground more and half walk, with the crutches for support. That was a relief. His arm pits had been taking a bollocking and he was ready to get back to normal.
“Oh…you two have been…?” He asked suggestively.
was alive! Just barely, mind you. And
to rely on. A bad habit.”
John sat with the idea a moment longer, trying to decide how much to say to Mike. He suddenly felt an obligation to be more forthcoming if the man was giving him a place to live.
When he had found Sherlock in the cell, and reached out to him, Sherlock had flinched away. He had not wanted John to touch him, and that was a memory John couldn’t get that memory out of his head. Nor could he shake the image of Sherlock’s face – almost unrecognisable from the bruising. No, he would wait out in the corridor until an update came from the doctor. He would advocate for Sherlock’s safety, but he would keep a safe distance. That was what he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIAHt8qT4iU
.” John spoke in such a serious tone, that Sherlock slid his legs back in and replaced the sheets, with sheepishness.
Friday 6:52pm
by far,” he swallows sadly.
“No. Of course not, that’s ridiculous,” John agreed. “We’ve had a range of different nurses over time. Mary hasn’t had access to you all the time. But your therapist has.”
“I’m surprised you had already read
“Fine. Come here, then,” John said, holding an arm out.
me to look at these. They’re quite interesting, I thought—”
. I just…sometimes he knows where to hit the sucker punch,” Sherlock said, and immediately regretted it. John started to look Sherlock over again urgently, “no John…I’m fine. Emotionally, I mean. He knows how to get to me.” They both sat there quietly for a minute before Sherlock suddenly startled. “Oh John! You’re going to be late for your bus. Oh, I don’t want you getting in trouble again on my account.” Sherlock pushed himself up and stood quickly, brushing himself off. He looked worried and frantic. John followed, getting back up off the ground. “You have your game tomorrow, you can’t be getting in trouble at home tonight and ruining your first game!”
“And he’ll have the beef, in fact make that two.”
They stop and stare at each other intensely a moment longer, breathing heavily in the silence, the suspense of the last few hours apart catching up with them. John finally closes the distance and grabs Sherlock’s jaw to kiss him, firmly. Sherlock lets out a moan of pure delight before grabbing at John’s shirt to pull him even closer. Their kisses become more frantic and heated as they grab at each other. John pulls Sherlock’s neatly tucked shirt out of his jeans, trying to decide whether to unbutton the shirt or run his hands up Sherlock’s ribs under the shirt, the need to get as much skin contact, as fast as possible, overwhelming for them both.
“Fine. Ok, ok fine. You win. Mr Johnson…if it’s okay…?” he began as he tried to shuffle out of his desk.
John realized he felt suddenly disappointed that he might lose the opportunity.
“Sherlock?” he asked quietly. No answer.
, he thought to himself. Although he suspected actually, she had learned more of it from Sherlock in recent times actually. John was going to have to prepare himself for living with both of them in full flight. The mere thought was terrifying.
“We’re working on that.”
“And you will,” Mycroft appeased, sounding equally like a relenting parent.
“Yes?” John asked with a little laugh.
___________________
Not sure which way to venture first, he decides to walk a little bit further up the hill first and sticky-beak at the closest house which he had been admiring through his windows as he cleaned. After all, Mrs Hudson did say no one was here. The hill isn’t overly steep, but the time recovering from his injury has taken its toll and he soon realizes how unfit he has become. Walking a grass hill with a cane was perhaps not the most intelligent decision for his first day. He stops outside the house to rest, looking for signs of life first to make sure he’s not invading some poor person’s privacy. It is grander than his little cottage – a lovely blend of a much older house with an attached, more modern, extension. He looks back down the hill at his much smaller little cottage, partially hidden by the trees. The afternoon sun throws light on the turquoise shutters, somehow making them brighter. The house looks like it’s smiling at John from down there. The garden is in desperate need of weeding in comparison to this glorious garden before him, but somehow it expresses joy to John, with its overgrown weeds and wildflowers. Even though it’s not really his home, a little twinge of pride that, for a small time, this little house will be his, twists at his heart. John turns to appreciate the neighbouring house, almost guiltily now, wondering how this garden stays so well maintained when no one is here. He is a little envious and starts to take note of some of the more striking plants around the fence line, hoping to be inspired for ways to improve his little home. Some projects will be just what he needs to pass the time and, in lieu of rent, he wants to work on the house, to thank Mike. The fresh air is already getting his brain working!
“Oh yes. John is so very, very
“That’s not a good idea,” Sherlock announced, taking another risk.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in confusion at it before looking away again, and sighing.
“You do tend to underestimate me. I’m not a complete idiot, you know,” John arced up.
“For so many years I was alone, John. I know I had Mrs Hudson, and Greg, Molly, my brother. But I was still alone.
“What? Sherlock? Do this? Not likely, is it? I didn’t even think he was… well, you know,” Greg offered.
John laughed gently. “Well, let’s not run before we can walk. The fact that you’re eating at all is a big improvement.”
“Greg, it’s just… he’s still so… after everything,” John stopped before genuine tears threatened to come, his voice failing him.
He walked to the table, grabbed his keys and walked out of the flat.
“A case?” he asked excitedly.
“Ah good, Sherlock,” he said, his eyes lighting up, but no smile graced his mouth. This was a crime scene and one couldn’t be seen to smile at a crime scene.
As he started on the next pint, he couldn’t stop his mind already going back over his arrival at the crime scene. John had left his side as soon as they walked into the room and rushed straight to Sherlock’s side, ignoring the rest of the crime scene completely. Sherlock had been standing at the window staring out, his figure intimidating as always. He was not assessing the crime scene at all – a worrying fact all on its own. Greg had watched as John grabbed at him and tried to turn him around, Sherlock flinching initially but then weak and pliable when he realised it was John. Caught completely off guard by Sherlock’s passivity, and the blood all over his clothes, John had started frantically checking him over. Greg had torn his eyes away to begin securing the scene, doing his duty, calling for backup, but keeping a wary eye on the two of them.
“I’ve read his letter Molly. I don’t think so. Not this time.” Sherlock let that sink in himself. He had tried to tell himself the same things Molly was saying but the more he re-read the letter and thought on it, he couldn't see a way out of it this time.
As Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, he felt slightly confused. He knew it felt wrong – the room around him was his own bedroom, at Baker Street. He recognised his surroundings, but something felt off. The curtains were half closed, allowing a little bit of light through. But it was definitely
“You think this is connected to all of that… to Moriarty? Really?” Greg didn’t seem to believe him.
“Are you okay John?” Molly asked, with concern. “I mean obviously this will be tough on Sherlock, but you must be finding it difficult too.” Molly was always so kind and thoughtful and far better to John and Sherlock than either of them really deserved.
it’s not really your fault. I just don’t know where to put the guilt of…this…”
of it. I hope you know I did it—” Sherlock tried to say in a flurry, suddenly remorseful.
“No, you’re
“I’m shocked that we’re back to this again already. So soon after he’s back,” John accused with a heaviness that made Greg swallow loudly in response. John had a reputation for being violent, particularly when Sherlock’s honour was in question. And John was rapidly feeling his patience tested. He hadn’t tried to hide it and it was clear that Greg knew.
“I had an imaginary John that stood in the cell with me, and kept me company,” Sherlock replied in a rush.
“No, it’s not your fault,” John sat up properly as he reassured him.
“Sherlock? Hey! Can you hear me?” he tried again.
“I’m sorry I didn’t reply to your messages. I just didn’t know what to…” John began.
“I thought we were past those days,” Greg said, sobering a little at the idea that Sherlock may be back on the drugs again.
“I was just saying the same thing,” John said, giving Sherlock a look.
“Sherlock. You’re scaring me. Where are you? I’ll come to you,” John said earnestly.
“John, you don’t have to. Let me say—”
Sherlock turns as he plays, smiling at the man sleeping on his couch, before closing his eyes and continuing to play peacefully. His own music finally brings him a joy he hasn’t experienced for a long time. The past weeks have been so unexpected. For years, Sherlock has become used to being lonely – his brother and his entourage his only company, and a poor substitute for friendship to be sure. Loneliness, sleep deprivation and drug use were a bad combination and Sherlock had succeeded at all of them – he was always an overachiever like that.
“Sherlock,” John turned, with warning in his tone.
“John. Look at yourself. Look what you’ve become,” Greg said pointing at the mirror on the wall.
Sherlock turns off the phone and puts it in his pocket, then grabs John’s hand. “I’ve turned my phone off. Just so you know.”
“Yes, okay. Molly said it’s one of the most common designs as well. That’s not really helpful then, is it?” Greg said, as Mycroft grabbed his phone to look at the screen, a text alert interrupting them.
“Well I uh…that is to say…” Sherlock was so angry at himself.
“Not bad,” John says as casually as he can.
“Ohhhh, right. Sherlock. Yes, he’s definitely…interesting,” Mike said, as he high fived a couple of boys passing them in the corridor.
“God, am I glad to see you,” John says on a sigh, joining in the hug, despite his wet clothes. Sherlock doesn’t care one bit. John is here, in the flesh. He had just been wishing it and somehow here he stands. This day is turning out much better than he had anticipated.
“Oh, early. My brother’s sending a car. I think five in the morning or something ridiculous.”
The rest of the evening was a blur. More wine. More rock ’n’ roll.
he looking at actually? I keep meaning to ask?” There had been quite a few cases he had sent across to Baker Street. Sherlock always did pick and choose as he pleased and by god, Greg needed the help to get through the heavy backlog.
“No, I’m not done.” John straightened up, his voice firmer and more confident all of a sudden.
for that beautiful little girl who needed him and relied on him and he just… he just…
He feels such pride, that this is his friend, and yet, such inadequacy all rushing through him simultaneously and it’s confusing, to say the least. By the final bars, the pure beauty of it is more than John can bear, and tears flow over the rim of his eyes and down his face.
ready. The OT said to give it a few more days,” John pressed.
“Nicely done, Holmes. Very smooth,” he said quietly to himself, letting out a breath he suddenly realised he had been holding in.
“No, it’s all been gathering data to this point. Experimenting with the tools. We don’t know yet what the effects of the technology are. We’re using it very sparingly. To gather data. Observe. We don’t—”
, Sherlock mused quietly to himself. He couldn’t even say it aloud to imaginary John. He swallowed hard. He knew this was his own mind talking in John’s voice. But his biggest fear was that all the work they had done to push John away, to keep him safe, might mean that he would never see John again. Or if he did, that he may never be forgiven for it. He had made great progress until this ridiculous hiccup. This temporary setback. But Sherlock didn’t enjoy being stuck in one place, only his mind to occupy him. It was never healthy. John served nicely for some visual variety at least, but he was getting meaner, the longer Sherlock was stuck here.
he jumped off a bloody building and I didn’t see him for…”
“Wait… you… you can’t be serious,” John added, his eyes raking over Mycroft’s face, looking for a crack, anything to show he was holding out on a punchline.
Thursday 8:00am
“I’m pretty sure they’re already talking. We’re a pretty adorable couple,” John said with a giggle.
that way. Even though I know that you’re bisexual. I’m not an idiot. I knew that, at least. But clearly your
“I should warn you, James won’t be happy,” Sherlock said with a worried look.
They stepped out of the cab and onto the street together, having not spoken the entire cab ride to Hackney. John checked Sherlock was okay by touching his arm as they stood there, giving him a concerned look. Sherlock reassured him with a gentle nod, to usher him forward, in answer. Things were still fragile between them, but they were here together, as a team, on a case, like old times. It felt wonderful, actually.
“Okay. Good. Then I will go ahead as planned.”
“Bollocks,” John spat.
Sherlock had tried very hard to focus at school on Thursday and not text John the rest of the day. He didn’t want to be the cause of any issues for John that might mean he wouldn’t be back at school again. John probably had much better things to do than spend his time texting with Sherlock anyway.
“Yes, Mycroft has given me a few days off to settle you into the house, and to have some
“Yes, I’ll be… fine,” he said, pausing to grunt in what must be pain.
“That’s no problem, Sherlock. Why don’t you lay down properly on the sofa and try to sleep?” John finishes his creation off by adding the gnocchi and mozzarella cheese, before putting it into the oven.
Mycroft took the stairs to the flat faster than he was fit enough to manage, but the panic in his chest needed an outlet. He had left Greg two blocks back, jogging lightly, trying to keep up, but failing. Parking in central London was a nightmare; he was grateful for his driver, usually dropping him directly at the door when he visited. The sheer nuisance of trying to find available parking nearby was enough to destroy Mycroft’s composure. He could only hope he hadn’t also destroyed his chances with the detective after his childish tantrum. In the meantime, all he could do was walk swiftly to the flat and take the stairs so quickly his lungs started to hurt. In that pain, he was able to feel slightly less culpable, slightly less anxious. The urgency with which he flew into the flat to see Sherlock, startled poor Mary, unintentionally. She was sitting peacefully in John’s chair reading a book.
“Well we don’t need to tell John, do we?” Sherlock said, his voice not as confident as he had pitched for.
doctor, in fact. So, I get to decide. And we’re going to the hospital.”
“Yes, he wasn’t happy that we ran from the scene,” John confirmed, grabbing his tea and blowing over the top of it, his hands cupping the warm mug, seeking the heat after the cold air outside.
“Does it… hurt?” he swallowed hard, trying to navigate the conversation which felt, frankly ridiculous.
“Nach Hause,” Sherlock repeats, getting used to the special fricative sounds again after months of barely speaking any German. “Ja, ich möchte nach Hause.”
is this exactly?”
“So, a case then?” He asked instead.
John. He knew you would blame yourself. He knew you would struggle, but he knew it was a means to an end. That it would keep you safe, the longer you suffered. The network stayed away from you
“What?” he asked, confused.
Sherlock groaned in defeat. Now she had the gun and the advantage.
“At least give it a go,” he says under his breath to himself.
. Grabbing his tea and sitting back down, he played with the memory stick between his fingers some more as he drank, assessing the weight of it, the texture – as if any of that would tell him anything. He knew Sherlock would probably have deduced seven possibilities by now, based on the type of delivery satchel and the brand and size of the memory stick, but John had never – in all their time together – got more skilled at it. He had tried, many times, to use deductions in his daily life, to see if he had perhaps gained some of Sherlock’s talent, only to be disappointed. It only served to make him angrier at the world, and at Sherlock.
I don’t eat when I’m on a case,” Sherlock said simply.
He had seen enough to get started and he knew he couldn’t stay in here with her much longer. They needed to process the scene. He closed his eyes for a moment, pursing his lips.
Sherlock smiled. “I know you do. And I love you.”
Returning to the bedroom, Sherlock gets dressed, needing fresh air for a bit. It’s already getting cooler, with the sun beginning to set again and he decides to not go up the hill this time.
“John!” Sherlock yelled out, half crawling, half running to get to him.
“Yes, but that was before me. Before I was there to help.”
John laughed. “I love you.”
As they walked in, Molly looked up from the microscope she was working at.
“Dad I’m fine,” John said as he tried to sit up, his head pounding and making him lie back down again.
“A what?” John asked defensively, putting his tea down, annoyed that it was too hot to serve as a distraction from this uncomfortable conversation.
“Leave it to us.”
Stay safe John.
“Sherlock!” John yelled and hopped over to him without his crutches.
“Oh great, I’m sure he’ll be thrilled about that,” John snarled.
part of the flat,” he conceded.
“You… you think of me as… I’m your
“I’m sorry?” Mycroft looked up at John, shocked.
“Oh right, the house…” suddenly he realizes what this must mean. “Oh no.”
“You,” he whispers. “You.”
Scotty runs his fingers through his curls and opens his mouth twice before speaking. “Would you – do you want to see the island tomorrow? The competition isn’t for two days and you’ll just be here with nothing to do and I thought that maybe . . . well there’s this road we can drive down that people think is scenic, and I have a Jeep, or there’s good spots to swim, or I can tell you where you should go check out, or –”
” Sherlock’s voice supplies in his mind).
He’d limped to the top, then sat in the wet snow and put on his skis with shaking hands, feeling like he was a child tasked with doing so safely without any help for the very first time—checking and double-checking every click and buckle. Then he’d stood, and he’d closed his eyes and let his body tip over the crest of the hill. He’d tried to think of nothing but the physical sensation of skiing—the silky snow, and the biting wind whipping his face and hair, and the rush of noise, the almost gleeful whisper of his skis.
, the steady falcon with its tail feathers and both of its wings as it soars over the snow, unaware of the miniscule skiers beneath.
John laughs under his breath. “That’s better than the zero-percent it was before.”
Zoom out to see Holmes leaning calmly against the hangar kitchen counter. He’s dressed in slacks and an incongruous forest green jumper, a color so vivid it makes it even more shocking that he’s standing upright, casually alive. That he is no longer buried in snow.
“They warned us about that. At the Navy hospital. That people wouldn’t be . . . receptive, when we came back here. All those war protests and shit people are doing up in ‘Frisco and D.C. and places.”
But then again . . . had he? Was it not normal to want to kiss your partner after they accomplished the impossible? Were Olympics highlight reels not ninety-percent filled with winners rushing to kiss their loved ones in the stands? Had he not witnessed John look at him with dazzling, awestruck adoration that night in the golf cart on their way to Greg’s room?
John slaps him in the arm and digs into his pasta. “Oh right, I forgot that’s old news to you. You’re so humble about it all it’s easy to forget you’ve won before.”
He smiles at John, his pure, open smile, and he thinks he’s about to say something embarrassingly soft and sentimental when John steps forward to brush a single flake from Sherlock’s cheek.
Greg goes to hug him again when he’s pushed aside by Molly, who grabs the bewildered John and wraps her arms tightly around his neck, not saying anything.
John takes a slow breath through his nose and doesn’t quite turn his head to answer. “London.”
The truth is, Sherlock has watched John sleep for countless hours. He’s sat and watched him on those horrible nights when John moves out to the couch. He’s sat and watched him wrapped tightly around Greg’s chest. He’s sat and counted his freckles, the lines of his tattoo, his piercings, his limbs. He’s sat and watched him until John opens his eyes, and reaches for him, and whispers his name. Until Sherlock lies down and lets himself be held, practically rocked back to elusive sleep.
Patrick reaches out and gently takes Holmes’ hand. They whisper a handful of words to each other amidst the happy chaos. It is somehow the most emotional reaction of them all.
“Oh you met a friend, then?” Her eyes are sparkling and clear, looking at me like I just hung the moon. Like a child who finally moved from a sippy cup to a straw.
The fear grips me tight in my throat, and I need to tell him. To tell myself.
Greg smiles down at his hands. “
. . .
John can’t say anything. He licks his lips and nods. Sherlock reaches out to grip the top of his arm tightly.
That was
Dom: “Right, Holmes. Give the word.”
“Why the hell not?”
across the table while he chugs back some water and wipes the tears from his eyes.
“I might start, if I have to hear about—”
There’s still a throng of people waiting in line to secure seats. Uncomfortably out of breath, John tries to peer over their heads to find any sort of official to whom he can show his badge. The Olympic trumpets blare over the loudspeakers, followed by the official announcements in Korean, French, and English welcoming the crowd to the Final. The first skier is already lined up at the gate. Applause roars. Flags block out the sky.
I rub a hand over the back of my neck, cursing the ground we can’t go back to three minutes ago and start over. “Sherlock, I made myself a life here. I’m stuck on my own track, ain’t no gettin’ out of it now.”
He meets my gaze, and my mouth runs dry. His eyes are glittering stars in the dark. “The Work is all I have,” he says again.
Because he
At least the bloke’s hands are warm.
I strain my eyes and peer through the thick, wet fog. Soft sunlight pierces gently through my vision. Little beams. I realize I’m lying down flat in my bed, and my nurse is standing over me. No long, dark tunnel.
“I wanted to die.”
I think one last time of my shaking, wrinkled hand signing the paper that said “I, John Watson, choose not to Stay in Time when I die. I choose to fade from the earth into nothing.” Think of how I remembered the color of Catherine’s eyes as I signed it. How I knew I wouldn’t see those eyes in Time. Not ever again.
I’ll have to take two days off work, and seein’ as how there’s no such thing as vacation days workin’ ranch hand jobs I’ll probably lose it. I’ll have to leave Alma alone with the girls tryin’ to find a babysitter when she picks up her shifts at the grocery mart. I’ll have to load up the horse trailer even though it ain’t been used in months and pack up all our supplies.
but fire, or blood, or the look on Greg’s face after he told him about vatican cameos that night in his room, or the fact that nobody will even give a shit if John wins a medal, because practically nobody’s still there to see—the grandstands sitting half-empty on the other side of the doors.
Finally I clear my throat and lean forward in my chair, my elbows diggin’ into the table.
You are going to shut your mouth, and the both of you will put on your skis, and you will ski with me.
John hasn’t moved a muscle. He looks stunned.
He clears his throat. “Uh, no. I work. I just. . . I do this. Too.” He nearly winces at himself. He sounds like a complete idiot. Like he hasn’t aged one day since the morning he turned fifteen.
Now it’s time.
Patrick interrupts by leaping back up into the helicopter – successful mission completed.
He don’t show up on that date. Instead he shows up a month and a half early. I have the girls for the weekend – I get one weekend a month. This weekend we’re drivin’ over to the new swimming pool in Lovell. They’re sittin’ squashed and drinking lukewarm boxes of Mott’s apple juice on the bench of my truck while I run back to the little trailer house for Francine’s jacket. A familiar white Ford pulls off the dirt highway and into the weeds in front of me. My whole body shudders and my heart feels like it’s right up in my throat threatenin’ to jump out and burst. I’m frozen.
He wants . . . he wants to win it just to feel the weight of it around his own neck, finally heavier than the weight of his prosthetic pulling against his thigh. He wants to stand at attention, his shoulders back, and hear the national anthem playing from the podium, drowning out James Sholto’s screams over the radio from his fall—the ones John hears on the nights he wakes up dripping with sweat, unable to go back to sleep, or be touched.
. It can wait a few days. But, when I do . . . I cannot feel the regret. Even the fear. There will be negative things, yes. I . . . I have never wanted to be the
The more footage he watched, the more he became familiar with certain people who frequented the area. After each of his reports, a file was created on each of them and a number bestowed upon them, but John gave them names of his own. There was Martha the dog-jogger, always in tight gym wear, little dog with a ridiculous bow in its hair and a jacket on, following her dutifully. Then, there was the team of cyclists who seemed to meet every two days for a morning cycle and a coffee together, their bikes littering the sidewalk. He had invented silly names for all of them. And Joan, the large lady who lived with her adult son in one of the apartments above the café. Joan never noticed her son snuck out at night, occasionally finishing a date with a snog on the pavement before climbing the side fire exit in the alley-way to return home. Joan’s son (“Michael”) was obviously gay and firmly in the closet. There was also Gabrielle, the young mother, who met a variety of different friends with their children. She was clearly lonely and probably lived close by, using the same café to meet all different mums and bubs. Perhaps she was selling cosmetics or Tupperware on the side and meeting them there to discuss products – John couldn’t decide – but she spent a lot of time in the café, which would sadly be her downfall.
Mycroft Holmes’ voice echoed in his head for a moment, and that feeling, the little thrill at the very thought of one exciting sliver of a possibility, blazed inside him like wild-fire.
Rosie, he would want her taken care of this way. No, not
“I don’t know how to reach him. How do I fix this?” Sherlock put his head in his hands. His mind palace would have to guide him. Where would he go? He hadn’t returned home or Molly would have called, and he was sure John would have come here to the grave to be with Mary.
Sherlock looked at him concerned. “Okay?”
Sherlock be coping after John disappeared?
“Right, I see.”
“No one important,” John states, jutting his chin out defiantly.
And so much more blood.
“Yes, that is the eventual goal. We’re not there yet. It’s completely investigative, observational at this stage. Some of the footage you’ve been analysing has actually been from our agents, in the field.”
“I… just need to get up, I… I feel just… a bit…”
“Do you mean that?” John asked nervously. “Even
“Sherlock, I know.
“Like a learner driver?” John asked, dubiously.
left something out,” he acknowledged. “Haven’t you? I was right.”
The dashing man half smiles to himself, which only riles John even more, but he seems to be enjoying the exchange far more than John. “Well… because I’ve only just settled in here and will only shop once a week, so you can get yours when they restock,” he says with an air of arrogance that only someone with money and entitlement can successfully navigate.
“What is that ridiculous hat?” Sherlock exclaims, completely ignoring John’s question, and finally looking John up and down in judgement. John blushes, remembering he was dressed for a day of gardening and his unironed clothes are a lot shabbier than Sherlock’s immaculate presentation.
“Sir.” Anderson’s faithful rule-following ways irked John.
Fortunately the man at the front counter didn’t look familiar and after Greg showed his credentials, they were welcomed in and taken to a back room. John knew that Mycroft had taken to working from there to avoid distractions on certain days.
“Your face is looking…better,” Sherlock said, changing the subject, gesturing to John's bruised eye.
“Well that’s not news, John. I think we all know I was high,” Sherlock said flippantly.
“Yes, yes. We’re here. I’ve just covered it from the rain that’s starting up.”
The dark secluded alleyway didn’t inspire confidence but was at least some sort of protection.
Sherlock was gone from the kitchen. He had walked off mid-sentence to his room, continuing to talk – as he did sometimes – assuming John had long-range hearing skills he didn’t actually possess.
genius. He was so shy and unsure of himself but he was the smartest boy John had ever met. He rattled off the information as if it was third grade maths and not full blown calculus. Unbelieveable. And once he got going, once he wasn’t embarrassed to show off his knowledge, well it was a sight to behold. John couldn’t help staring. He was in trouble. He was in serious danger of falling for Sherlock. Everything about him was invading his thoughts, his bloodstream. He wanted to breathe Sherlock in. He wanted to wrap himself around Sherlock and protect him and never let go. He was so deep in thought, he didn’t notice the other person in the bathroom when he entered. He went into a stall as he usually did and when he was done, and he came out, he jumped in fright. James was leaning against the tiled wall.
“Right. So they could be religious nuts? Or pagans? Or lovers? Or have randomly chosen the same tattoo and have no connection at all?” he said, frustrated.
“We’ll see,” John wasn’t going to give James any more of his oxygen. He stormed out of the toilet door and straight into Sherlock’s chest.
“Of course he’ll come, Sarah. I’ll smooth it over with your Dad at the game. Not to worry John.”
He blushed furiously.
“Yeah. I…I’m a little nervous I guess, but it will be good to play a proper game finally,” John said, nervously.
Sherlock had said when he left the last time. He must have meant it. John turns away, trying to focus on his cooking, but the smile on his mouth seems to be permanently glued there now.
“No need to apologise. We were just
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “He really
“Maybe not,” John sighed, nodding back. “But you’re perfect for
“Yes, I assumed,” John said annoyed. “I think I might have found your scene. Assuming you haven’t yet.”
I was an idiot.
“Sherlock…” John tried to interrupt again. He had no idea what he wanted to say to Sherlock, it had caught him completely off guard. His heart had started hammering in his chest. He felt completely unprepared. He doubted Sherlock would really hear anything he said in the state he was in. And he didn’t seem to be able to stop talking long enough for John to say anything anyway.
“Steady on mate,” Greg said, sucking in a fresh breath, grabbing his chest from the fright.
told you?” John asks stubbornly, not willing to admit anything.
“Truly. You are extraordinary. You know that, right?” John checks.
“John…” Sherlock tried.
“Yes. I am. Now promise me, you’ll look after my heart and I can come back to you,” Sherlock said firmly.
“Well, it
They had gone early to ensure there were no customers. Getting John inside to case the joint with his camera had seemed perfectly harmless. He was not meant to speak to anyone else. They were not allowed to affect anything, change anything. They had no idea what it could mean if they did. Now John had already broken the first rule.
“She moved in with the P.E. teacher,” Greg said, irritated.
“Okay,” Sherlock snapped his mouth shut.
“Yes, and quite good at it, apparently,” Mycroft said, passing the page over for him to view.
“Almost ready,” John announced from behind him on the couch, Greg turning around in surprise.
Greg turned his phone around and sure enough, the photo of the dead man’s arm had been texted to Greg. Clear as day on his heavily-muscled bicep, after his shirt had been removed, was the same tattoo. It matched the purple-haired girl’s tattoo exactly in size and shape. There was no doubt, they were connected.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock asked, trying to prop himself up on his elbows but surrendering back down on the pillow in frustration and pain.
fine! Sherlock that’s… that’s not what we normally…”
“Come on then, let’s get you to processing. Mycroft has managed to secure your release again, we just have to do the paperwork and then you can go home. But John, let’s not do
“We aren’t supposed to interact or alter anything,” Anderson reminded him.
“Ah I see. I’m William’s manager,” he finally announces in return, shaking John’s hand firmly in a short sharp movement before letting go.
Sherlock chuckled. “No, you looked very peaceful, in fact. Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you. I just—” he was too embarrassed to continue.
“No, Sherlock, that’s you.
“I don’t want you to stay out of class, in case you’re tempted to…” he cleared his throat. “I want to make sure you don’t go and see James. Will you come to class with me today? Just for me?”
Sherlock nodded shyly. “It’s always been for
The dawn brings with it a series of aching muscles that John can only moan to himself about. The long walk home from the store, followed by an afternoon sanding the verandah railings, leaves his back stiff and his legs cramping. He knew he was pushing himself too much for one day, but he was determined to try and improve, to feel less old. Clearly it wasn’t working, and it puts him in a terrible mood – his body is betraying him.
John is quiet all the way home in the cab. Sherlock doesn’t know how to fix this, how to make John see he’s trying to do this for them. But John’s mood has been so up and down all week, he’s afraid to even bring it up. Maybe once they sit with a cup of tea, they can talk it through.
John walked into the lounge, carrying their teas in hand. “Greg dropped by earlier.”
I don’t know. For interfering? For finding where you live? For seeing you like that?
“Mycroft!” John and Greg both shouted at him in unison.
“What
Sherlock scoffed. “Tea?” he checked if that was acceptable.
“No. That couldn’t be helped. I just thought between you…and Molly…”
“Oh, Sherlock. I would never ask you to go through all that. Even the emotional torture. Not for me. I would never want this for you.”
“Right,” Molly said with a satisfied nod, pretending not to notice John’s unconscious movement.
resisted James.
A part of him hoped that Sherlock could recognise this as his affectionate-angry tone. The one he used to use on Sherlock when they lived together.
Sherlock swept around the kitchen preparing food and moving his experiment out of the way, which gave John a moment to think to himself. He had woken with such a start and had been dreaming something rather pleasant, the details of which were sketchy but it involved Sherlock and the delicious feeling of their lips touching. It had certainly not been the first time he’d dreamt of Sherlock in that way, not that he’d ever admit to that if asked. But it was so strange to be imagining the scent and heat of his friend only to wake and be right there on top of him. He had felt intensely embarrassed, knowing how well Sherlock could read people. He certainly hoped this was one of those times he
“We’re just about to question him, but yes, he’s admitted enough for us to take him in,” Lestrade confirmed.
“Stop it, brother,” Mycroft scolded firmly from across the space.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice faltered. John didn’t look up – his eyes were also transfixed on the small box in front of him - a box Sherlock recognised very well.
“Don’t.” Sherlock stopped him. He couldn’t hear it again.
,” Sherlock threw back at him.
“What did you get up to while I was gone, anyway?” Sherlock changes the subject, returning to eat some of his food as he listens.
. I didn’t mean for this to make you think…” Sherlock straightened himself and turned in the chair to face John better. “I know I broke us when I left. I… I know that. Things had been going so well and then I lied to you. And I left. And I was planning to tell you everything when I came back. I didn’t expect it to take as long as it did. And I honestly thought you’d just be there at Baker Street, waiting for me, ready for answers,” he admitted shrugging his shoulders.
. So, I took Mycroft’s team and we… finished the job,” John said nervously.
what I needed. That was incredible. I feel so calm and focussed,” Sherlock says, and John thinks Sherlock must never have felt relaxed like this before. He sounds so mystified by the sensation.
“Tehhhrok” Rosie’s voice interrupted from the corridor and John’s eyes snapped over to her, surprised. She was getting so fast. Rosie was standing with her bunny and one shoe in her hand, but before he could look back to Sherlock, the bathroom door was shut again.
,” Mycroft pressed him further.
Sherlock now pushes back the blanket, clearly surprised by the offer. “That… thank you.”
,” she said, with far too much pleasure for his liking.
“No it’s fine. I want to. And you’ll need a ride to the party if you’re still going?” She said, hopefully.
“Promise… you’ll tell him. Promise me.”
“Shit,” he said under his breath. He was going to pay for that later.
“Don’t be too rough Sherlock. They’re doing their best,” John placated.
“I’m going to go,” he said, breaking the silence, and nodding as he walked out the bathroom door, leaving John feeling his absence and wondering how he was ever going to make a sensible decision where that gorgeous man was involved.
Mike had interrupted John’s thoughts, and he had felt obligated to stop. Sitting on the bench, coffee in hand, taking in the sunshine, they stumbled through some awkward conversation.
“Maybe,” John says resolutely, arms crossed, not budging.
“Sherlock?” John sounded alert, and worried. He knew that when Sherlock sounded unsure, it was a very bad sign.
“Yes John?” Sherlock was feeling nervous all of a sudden. He couldn't look.
they could see it was real. Your grief. His sacrifice was always about
“Do I get to perform in front of a panel of celebrity judges that will comment on how talented I am?” John sassed, expecting a laugh, but was greeted with a stoney-faced reaction. “No? X-Factor? The tv show? Not a fan?”
“Understood.”
. And the baby… how am I supposed to raise a baby on my own? Without her?” John managed between sobs.
“John, it might surprise you, but they
It was a lot harder with those eyes piercing through him, to think properly. It was the first time he really understood how Sherlock must have struggled as John’s flat-mate – trying to function normally while the person that had captured your interest was glaring at you so intensely.
“Let us know if the tattoos give you any joy?” John added, hopeful that his ridiculous dream-related outbursts weren’t for nothing.
“As much as I’d like to stay and watch you two
Sherlock waited a beat for John to come back to him. “Sorry yes, I’m here. I’m back. That was just…”
“John,” she sighed with relief.
“John! John!” he calls.
“That would be great. Uh… can I have some time to think about it?” he asks, glancing surreptitiously in John’s direction.
As he walked down the stairs, he watched the crowd, and spotted Mr and Mrs Watson, towards the middle. For a brief moment, Mr Watson caught sight of him and gave him the once over, a slight sneer in the look.
“Or snore?” Sherlock adds with a cheeky smile, opening one eye to glance at him.
“Yes. But lots of cushions,” John also whispered loudly in reply. “Female?”
And yet, when he reaches the house, John doesn’t feel like he can intrude. He’s unsure about opening the door all of a sudden, worried he will disturb the recording process. He stands outside, listening to the beautiful violin music from inside, glancing into a window with just enough of a curtain gap to see Sherlock playing. There are some stops and starts, some tense conversation with the crew. Several times, John’s hand hovers over the door handle, but he can’t do it. He can’t bring himself to intrude. So he walks back down the hill, back to his little house, tail between his legs, cursing himself for being a coward.
A raspy, off-screen laugh: “That, and even more time spent arse-deep in snow, if you added it all up.”
“God, John.”
John’s eyes crinkle just at the corners. “I know, Sherlock,” he whispers. “I know.” John’s eyes roam quickly over his body, taking in Sherlock’s still-damp thighs, and his soft penis, and the curls stuck to the sides of his neck with sweat. Then John nods his head at the shower behind him and turns back around to keep cooking, hands working open a bag of pasta.
Sent:
You disappeared during the break for those ten minutes.”
John waits to answer until they’re just about to pull into Sherlock’s parking spot up the shady lane from his beach, the sounds of the Jeep’s engine hushed by the curtain of velvet green trees.
Years since the crash and John still can never tell which option would be worse—the noticing or the not.
Sherlock shakes his head and turns his face to kiss along John’s wet cheek. “
John’s face doesn’t change. He looks like an emotionless clone of the man who won Gold two days ago, brilliant and shining and alive. He looks like he hasn’t slept. Like nobody cared to style his hair for him. Like he’s somehow lost ten pounds. He shifts his weight on his prosthetic, then stops the moment he seems to notice Sherlock tracking the movement.
Sherlock Holmes with a wrist alarm beeping: Shut Off.
I feel his hand on the side of my face, his thumb swiping over my eyelid. We stare at each other as I finally enter him. He keeps my gaze as he holds the back of my neck and lets me rock him slowly, deeply, slower than we’ve ever done it before. I can’t stop myself from moaning at the feel of him hot and tight around me, and he watches me so steady and solemn it’s like he fears I’ll float away if he blinks, if he breathes too hard, if he closes his eyes. I can’t look away from him, cursin’ the spell that pulls me under ‘til my lungs turn inside out and my body turns into somebody else’s, and I’m entering his body and it’s wrong and it’s heaven and it’s in and in and
But Christ, I want to see him. As quickly as possible. And I don’t want to be sweating and out of breath when I do. I sit down with a grunt, pathetically hoping it won’t ruin the pressed lines of my suit.
He tells himself he’s only imagining the sharp pang of guilt over leaving out Greg.
“Sherlock!”
“But I do. You did. You came back after me and pulled me out –”
John is surprised he doesn’t somehow sink to his knees.
Sherlock gazes into his eyes and nods, body tensing waiting for John’s reaction.
“Tell you what,” he finally says. His lips quiver like he’s scared. I see his eyes flick back and forth in indecision. Finally he swallows and licks his lips. “Sometimes I miss you so much I can hardly stand it.”
I want to cut him loose, but I can’t. I’m too late.
John feels something slip out of place in his gait just as the Welcome Center comes into view, and he squeezes Greg’s arm as a quiet warning before stepping out of the main path of traffic. He carefully bends over to adjust his shoe on his prosthetic foot, and sweat prickles along the back of his neck as he finds himself trying his best to obscure any glints of metal behind his pantleg and hands. Two separate people inevitably ask him if he’s alright, if he needs any help, to which John puts on his best, “
There’s no tears or yelling. Just a silence so huge it could fill all the vast plains outside of town and still have some leftover for the meadows and valleys up through Bighorn. The girls don’t come out of their room ‘til after I’m gone. I see their heads poking through the window from the parking lot. I sleep in my truck for a week and a half until I cash in on some veteran’s benefit checks and manage to find a one room place on the outside of town that I can afford on top of the child support. I spend that whole week and a half convincin’ myself not to just turn on the engine and drive and drive until I’m clear out of Wyoming with all the cash I own in my shirt pocket and nothing on my horizon except being a free and faceless stranger.
I want to ask him if the thing he wants and never gets is me, or just another naked man beside him, but my lungs are too empty. I watch stunned as he turns back towards the water and runs his hand through his curls.
“John Watson, congratulations on your
I see the corner of his mouth quirk up. He’s gripping his hat so tight his knuckles are white.
“No, no but’s. I haven’t wanted to fucking kill myself since the second I met you, and I’m pretty sure you’ve felt the same. So unless you tell me to leave –”
John nearly gasps. The man from the pier stands next to him transformed. Gone is the shocked curiosity, the inquisitive yet vulnerable stare covered by loose curls locked on to John’s eyes from the center of a swarming crowd. In its place is a statue. A God. John knows his mouth is hanging open as the man next to him slowly pulls off the hoodie to reveal tanned bare skin, his entire muscled back covered in an intricate tattoo that John can’t quite fully glimpse. He stops himself just in time from dashing over to get a better look.
As he speaks, Holmes suddenly bursts from one of the side hangar doors – one we’ve never seen anyone use before. He sprints towards us on his long legs, and we realize that his uniform top is almost entirely zipped down. His curls look disheveled – more out of place than we’ve ever seen them – and he tries to smooth them down with his hands as he runs. He wipes the back of his hand over his mouth just as Dom catches up to his side to hand him his rescue gear.
“Dr. Watson? Dr. Watson can you still hear me? Are you with us?”
It blows me away, and I drink up his words like the whiskey settling low in my belly. His voice mixes with the soft, deep crackles of the fire embers and fills the whole black velvet Wyoming sky above us. He’s the smartest bastard I ever met in my whole life, and I tell him that more than once. I don’t share barely nothing about my life, and he don’t reveal anything more than that his name is Scott, but still he talks for hours and I drink and drink and drink up the sounds. When the whiskey runs low and the fire’s barely bigger than a palm print he shoots me a look so soft and trembling it makes me have to clear my throat and look away. My body feels too hot, and I go off into the trees to take a piss and listen to the silence. When I come back he’s already gone.
“The fuck are you doing to him? Get the fuck off of him!”
Interviewer, softly: “Hmm, yes. It is different now, I suspect.”
“I could’ve killed you,” John groans into Sherlocks neck, where he’s licking a burning wet stripe up Sherlock’s skin. “Fuck, waking me up like that. I could’ve had you out cold. Down on your face.” John’s fingers grip and pull at Sherlock’s hair. “Could’ve taken you out.”
The air settles then as Greg laughs again and rolls his eyes, the room slowly transforming into some semblance of their bedroom back in London—the scent of the three of them, three relaxed sets of lungs, limbs all warmly tangled up in a sea of sheets. Sherlock watches John trace the hairs on Greg’s chest with his fingertip, and his spine relaxes in a way it hasn’t done since their last night in Greg’s Village room over a week ago.
Walter shakes his head. “What—were you trying to impress that newswoman from before? Trying to get an ad deal for some . . . some charity for kids who get their legs blown off in plane crashes?”
He thinks to himself for the hundredth time that week that if someone had walked up to him a year and a half ago when he’d just finished a morning surf with Greg, or just ended his shift at the dockyard, and told him that today he was going to somehow bind himself forever to another man in front of a living, breathing witness, he probably would have passed out or vomited or punched whoever told him or all three. Fear coils thick and sudden in his chest, a little voice in his ear begging him to hide behind the door like a child when Chris comes and apologize to Sherlock later and say,
“To the café?” John asked, perking up.
But he spun around and grabbed Sherlock’s shirt front, to pull him closer and kissed him again. This time it was less awkward, and they both sighed as that feeling sparked in them, the knowledge that there was chemistry between them, that years of wanting to do this had come to fruition and it felt so very right.
, John thinks, then chides himself for his naivety. Clearing his throat, John tries to focus back on the things that are more important in the present.
Sherlock just stood there. He had heard everything his brother said but he just couldn’t grasp what he was watching in front of him. He knew he was the one to always be messy, and unpredictable and a bit of a menace, not John, never John.
“I was thinking we might go somewhere this afternoon – might take Rosie out for a walk at the lake? If you wanted to come? You know how she loves it there,” he offered awkwardly to fill the silence, and try to repair some sense of conversation between them.
John wanted to at least kiss him goodbye, but that wasn’t going to be a good idea with his dad watching over them. He was already preparing for the lecture on the way home. After what his dad had said at the game, about Sherlock. And now here they were together again. His heart rate picked up, the anxiety already climbing. “Okay. Thanks.” He flashed Sherlock a reassuring smile before heading to his dad’s car.
“Yeah well, don’t do it with
“It’s my fault,” John went on. “I should have put a time limit on it for you. I feel like I’ve imposed too long, overstayed our welcome.
They sat in silence listening to the music. She had chosen some interesting country folk singer taking their spin at something political. John wasn’t really taking in the lyrics. But it was nice enough to pass the drive to Mike’s place.
“What?!” Greg sat straighter, suddenly more interested.
“I think your Dad might think we were on a hot date Friday night. That didn’t seem to please him,” Sherlock tried to joke, but it fell flat.
“The Doc needs to clear you first, and I have to head home to get the party ready, but I’ll see you there ok?” Mike checked in.
John was settled into his old chair, to read a book. He had been up to unpack his things in his room, as if he’d only been away on a vacation. Initially, he had found himself sitting on the bed and resisting the urge to cry or scream for the first few minutes, breathing heavily to calm down and stop the swell of emotions. He was an expert at that. But now, after settling himself in the lounge and for the first time in almost two years, he felt surprisingly at peace. All this time, he had been trying so hard to wrestle with emotions and deal with what had happened, and he had really started to believe he would never be able to let it all go. He had thought leaving Baker Street was the best thing to help him move on. But now, sitting here like this, it felt so right; he finally felt like he was home. This was where he belonged. Sherlock was alive, the network had been dismantled. Soon, Sherlock would be exonerated, and they would be able to go out in public.
Subtly, Sherlock’s foot presses against his own.
Sherlock’s hand is still on his shoulder, waiting. Finally John clears his throat and opens his eyes, forcing himself to look up at Sherlock and hoping his terror isn’t showing on his face.
I nod, even as the weight of the world hangs heavy on my tired shoulders. Alma’s face from that day in my hallway floats in my mind, as the truth of it all had flashed across her eyes seein’ Sherlock’s boots and jacket through the bedroom door. I see little Wilma lookin’ up awestruck at Sherlock the night before like he was the sun.
(See the end of the chapter for
The three of them shift their gazes away in awkward unison, all clearing their throats. John’s neck feels hot, like he can’t breathe. He looks back to Sherlock and Greg, who are both not quite meeting his gaze. Their silence feels deafening.
“Yes, I seriously have to ask that,” John glares, arms folded fiercely across his chest.
Greg laughs. “The world will figure it out. It is hard to keep my hands from you, especially now. But, my parents—they already knew. About you.”
No coaches. No other competitors.
I know that he knows this is all just a ruse. A way for me to be selfish and keep him with me in the World. A way for me to lessen the dreaded moment when I’ll say goodbye.
Interview: “You’ve worked for Air Zermatt for fifteen years?”
Greg: “Those are the days when it does not feel like a job you can leave at work.”
But when he looks at Sherlock and starts holding out his arms, he pauses. Sherlock looks shockingly old, more like an adult than Greg has ever seen him. He doesn’t look distraught, or falling apart, or like he’s about to scream John’s name into the wilderness.
But no, he definitely planned it like this. These idiots deserve a bit of nerves for guilt-tripping him into this interview. He may be doing this for John, but he will not be at NBC’s beck and call, or kiss anyone’s arse. He will show up exactly when he decides to, and sit on camera as some sort of human trophy, and not a single thing more.
can’t even enter a room without hearing the sound of his own voice fill it. “In my defense, John should keep a closer eye on the literal
He can’t see me yet. I’m a ghost.
And John laughs for the first time since he’d found out he’d won, kneeling in the foaming shallows off the coast of Oahu, searching out Sherlock Holmes’ smile in the crowd.
John’s heart is pounding. He’s frozen. Lips locked into the last position they’d been in when Sherlock had pressed his tender mouth to his.
Since coming out of my last Visit my body has failed me more and more each hour. I tell myself in the daytime that it’s just natural biology. That the cancer has finally caught up with my old bones, and is dragging me slowly towards that black and gentle end.
And they’re perfectly balanced.
I jump at the voice. I’d forgotten that the stranger was even there. He emerges from the shadows, and I realize with a gasp that his skin is absolutely porcelain white, surrounded and swallowed up by a long, black coat – nothing like the eighties garb draped across the glittering swarms back in the clubs and the Cinema in the city. Nothing like my plain old shirt.
I take in his face, every inch of this face that I think I’ve known deep down since the day I was born. His full lips are dry and chapped, and I notice a little tin of balm on the table by his bed. I’ve never felt more comfortable in my life.
John huffs out a startled laugh, despite himself, and Scotty’s lips quirk up just at the corner.
I reckon I’ll start now.
He pulls his horse over towards me, one graceful motion from his fingertips to his hips to his heels. He clicks his horse forward to keep pace with mine. It sounds like a gun cocking.
He looked up towards the sky, with his mud and sweat and blood covered face, and saw a rescue helicopter swerve toward him way out in the distance, hovering over the sea. And he ran out knee deep into the ocean, and waved his arms like a madman, watching the swinging ladder sway in the breeze, and the rain cleared up just like turning off a faucet. He turned back one last time to the churning chaos praying he would see Keith Hartman emerging alive from the fire, and that’s when his chest just under his left shoulder exploded.
He leans down and kisses me softly, halting the rest of my explanation in my mouth and warming the ice in my lungs. His lips are like silk. “Can I see?”
And now, after spending a few weeks kipping in towns and running through the pocketful of cash I’d grabbed from the secret slat in the old family barn, I’m racing down the vein of road that leads to the blood soaked sun hanging full in the distance. I hear there’s sheep herdin’ jobs for the summer along the Bighorn mountain range that pierces the dripping sky in front of me like nails, and I’m fixing to get me anything that means a place to sleep and a can of beans to eat and the thick silence that comes after hearin’ two years of screaming.
“I did, once,” he says.
It makes me feel somethin’, somethin’ hot and sharp, to see him holdin’ my granddaughter in his arms. Something cold and hollow, too. For whatever reason, it makes me think of the countless times I watched Sherlock drive away from me in his truck, kickin’ up dust with the tires down the winding roads on Baker, while I stood back in an empty campsite with the impression of a tent beat into the dirt and grass.
John groans out of a dead sleep and blinks blearily into the dark room.
I reach down and pull him up to me and crash my lips against his. I swallow his moan, press his body into mine, caress his back and shoulders and buttocks with strong, steady hands. Smooth skin. He covers me. I reach up with no hesitation and run my thumb along the light stubble of his jaw while I kiss him. Run fingers through his curls as he sighs. Feel the hard lines of his hips rolling into me and the warm, heady thrust of his groin against mine. Run the tips of my fingers through soft pubic hair in between his beautiful, firm thighs. Let him grip me with huge hands, hold me down gently, breathe life into every inch of my skin with lips and tongue and heat.
Sherlock knows that it’s a question. It’s
All of the competitions mentioned in this fic are real, and had already been established by this time. The 1950's and 60's was obviously a huge explosion for the surfing world - you had the Beach Boys, and the rise of surfer bums and beach chicks, etc. Surfing wasn't formally organized, however, until closer to the end of the 60's and then early 70's, with the formation of the International Surf Federation (ISF) in 1964, the World Surf League in 1976, and more organized local and worldwide competitions.
John Watson is a marvel. He stands on a beach willingly holding Sherlock’s body in his arms, letting him touch and mark and feel his skin with his hands, letting him ask him, beg him to hold his ground against his fear. John’s eyes don’t leave his. The icy water continues to lick at their ankles, leaving their toes in cool, damp pockets of sand.
Because it
He sprints through his memories searching for something, anything to help. A memory flies up and smacks him in the face – he’s seventeen, spying on the lifeguard training course from the shady wall of trees, wishing they would just get on with it so he could have his stretch of beach back, watching them practice CPR.
He grins to himself when he finds one.
He huffs a soft laugh next to me – one that sounds painful and harsh. I’m not expecting that.
“God . . . fuck.”
I blink hard, stunned. I never thought I’d hear those words come from his mouth again. “But I figured you wouldn’t want me to Stay. I just Stayed for a bit to apologize –”
Simon, also frowning: “They both knew we would go out and re-search again today. I am not sure . . .”
He nearly laughs to himself when he hears Scotty’s incredulous huff behind him as he cuts through the water towards the oncoming wave, feeling a thrill down his spine as he watches it slowly gain speed to reveal a perfect swell coming in right behind it. The muscles in his shoulder start to groan and spike under the heavy wet blanket of his wetsuit as he pulls his body through the water, and the muscles across his back and sides clench to keep him balanced on the waxy board.
Maxine looks at him expectantly, innocently, as if her question,
I suck in a breath, and my body tenses up from head to toe.
The camera cuts back to a wide shot of the edge of the crevasse, where we kneel in the snow beside Sam operating the tripod and ropes. Suddenly, as if emerging from within the earth itself. Watson’s hand grasps the edge of the ice, and soon his upper body heaves itself over the edge, dragging the stretcher beside him.
“Angry?” Something steals the air from Greg’s lungs. “You think that I am angry—me raising my voice now? It is not anger. I am so . . . so proud of you both. Even with what has happened, with you being out. I am proud that you are showing your love. You are changing the world.”
Sherlock’s already trailing his lips and tongue down John’s back by the time he can force any words out of his breathless lungs. “
Greg: “I don’t. . . I mean, I am angry. How could they . . .” He rubs a hand over his face: “
John opens his mouth and takes a step back. “I’m sorry, I missed the memo when we decided you could go back to being a dick again.”
I lie in our bed under the thick blanket alone for a long, long time, until I finally hear his footsteps creepn’ towards me through the dark. It’s a sound I’d know clear anywhere, over anything on earth, without a speck of doubt.
The revelation leaves him breathless. He stares into the warm night air, mouth half-open, and marvels that he hasn’t spent one second looking at the way Greg’s hair curls around his ear, or the tan skin of his forearms, or the way his t-shirt hugs his muscled sides.
“Yes,” he breathes, rolling back his head. I pull him closer against me and shiver. God, how I didn’t know I needed this. But he knew.
Next time: It's John's time in the spotlight. John's media circus, and John's prelims, and John's chance at moving on to the finals. John thinks he would much rather be battling enemy fire from an exploding helicopter.
. Doesn’t make any sense why you both would have a Team Great Britain Paralympic athl—”
Instead I sit and think about the wedding. About how beautiful Junior looked in her flowing white dress and long loose hair hanging on Kurt’s arm, and how Alma looked back at me sittin’ in the very back row by the exit door of the church with a stiff nod, and how Francine ran right past me after the ceremony without even recognizing me at first.
My last Visit.
Some thoughts, notes, and context:
His voice is different, soft and trembling. Uncertain when I’ve only ever heard him speak commands. He clears his throat and goes on, and the redness on my neck evaporates as his words cut through the air like the neon lights back at the club, tingling and sharp.
skier. To be known for that more than for what I have done. But, I
“Christ, you startled --- wait a minute,
Something passes over Walter’s face, and he sits back. “Ah, you want to celebrate in private, eh? I get it . . .”
Our skin grew hot and slick as I gripped his hair, the precious long strands he lets grow out a bit just for me. The silvery grey against the rough tan shade of my fingers. Stars reflected in rock. The bright lights bursting across the rodeo stadium sand.
at each other, and the two of them would never murmur by the firelight with whiskey in their hands ever again.
The last thing Sherlock sees is John rolling his deep blue eyes, then Sherlock dives head first into the waves, letting the salt wash away the last remnants of stress from the day. He takes a few strokes through the clear and calm waters, relishing in the soft caress of the waves against his bare skin, so different from the snarling waves off Waimea. Then he hears John Watson splash into the water behind him, and feels John’s smile spread its warm tendrils straight down to the depths of the cold, dark ocean, filling the deep with sunlight.
John almost laughs. The silver light reflecting off the ocean covers Sherlock’s skin in gold like a glittering statue. The sight of him, statuesque and beautiful in the dim light of his kitchen, completely unashamed of his naked skin, makes John feel suddenly nauseous. Nauseous and angry as hell.
Received:
Watson: “Let me check your pulse, let me hear your heart, are your extremities numb? Let me see your fingers, your hands –”
But he watches John look carefully to the right, then the left. Then John shakes his shoulders, re-aims his gun, takes another deep breath, and—
What the hell is he even thinking about? Sherlock shakes his head and watches breathlessly with clenched fists as John drops in on the wave and soars down the face. Instantly Sherlock can tell it was the wrong decision. The barrel is already breaking, too heavy to hold a proper pipe, and John’s not pumping fast enough to get out ahead of it. Sherlock watches in horror as the top of the tube crashes down onto John with a booming force, causing the announcers to wince and the crowd to gasp as his board flies up rider-less into the foaming air. It’s the worst wipe out yet of the set. Sherlock’s toes grip furiously at the sand as he counts the seconds in his head and waits for John to surface. One, two, three,
Sherlock wants to sprint towards John Watson at full speed and tackle him down into the soft sea foam and kiss the disbelieving smile on his lips. Wants to feel his shaking muscles under the clinging wetsuit beneath his palms and feel the rushing heartbeat in John’s chest against his own. He physically grips the sand with his toes to force himself to stay put as John rises up to stand from his knees and is quickly engulfed in a crowd of surfers gone running to congratulate him. To slap his back and tap his board and welcome him into their midst with open arms – the unexpected underdog no longer. He has proven his worth and they’ve gone running towards it like moths to a flame, leaving Sherlock to stand in an empty patch of sand.
She looks at them, her hand stilled on the stack of paperwork, her eyes unblinking.
The entire stage looks like a rainbow tornado tore through the studio with a politically-correct vengeance. Rainbow flags flutter from the ceiling, a rainbow blanket adorns the Ikea couch, rainbow flowers fill the fake ancient Korean vase, and a horrifying photo of him and John, their lips a centimeter apart, their eyes smiling and wet, is plastered across the HD screen with the words “Love Wins the Gold!”
He knows the day can’t go on like this, surreal as it is to be sitting in a Jeep on a gorgeous Hawaiian island besides Hawaii’s greatest surfer. John sits up a bit and clears his throat. His mind whirrs for the right thing to say to try and make things right. “Look, I’m –”
Greg’s voice over a radio, in slight distress: “Gerold, go ahead and bring Patrick and John up here to the pass, if you can. Climber is definitely in the crevasse. Holmes and Simon got visual once Elsa alerted. There is a lot of blood, yeah?”
“Good God, you know that’s not what I mean. But going to find John at least gave me two minutes of precious silence without having to stand there and watch the entire world bow down at your feet.”
John hums, listening, and suddenly Sherlock feels a smile grace across his mouth. “You know, actually I remember laughing. Because my mom pointed her finger at the pastor’s wife and said she was jealous of all the people on earth who hadn’t had to meet her. Then she turned to the pastor and told him that she could vomit out a can of alphabet soup and it would be more eloquent than his sermons.”
Sherlock looked at him, interested suddenly.
want John to leave? Maybe he was just enjoying making John do his bidding. Sherlock was always impossible to decipher.
“Exactly. You’re at a dead end,” John rushed on, ignoring her.
recognised that
“He’s just lashing out,” John said to them all, but it was clear that he was trying to convince himself as well. After everything they’d been through, Greg knew that would have stung.
“Yes…?” Sherlock pushed.
“Well let’s just… keep it professional from now on?” Greg suggested, despite the confession.
“Maybe you could solve that, mister detective,” he grins at Sherlock. “The death in the lake.”
John gives her a friendly nod as he heads down into the aisles of the shop to find some of his goods. His mind registers the sound of the doorbell tinkle behind him as another customer comes in, but he doesn’t look up. Mrs Hudson chats away smoothly in German to the gentleman – John assumes by the sound of his deep voice – but John doesn’t switch his brain on enough to eavesdrop properly. He is impatient to have his shopping sorted and get on with his day, so he takes his focus off them as he wanders the aisles, adding items into his basket. He is mindful of not overdoing it, lest he can’t manage the walk home with his groceries in the pack. If he has to walk all the way back again, that will take a large part of the daylight and he has some plans to work on the outside of the cottage today while the weather is nice.
he mentally catalogued
He arrives in time to watch Mycroft’s sleek, black car disappear down the road, appearing briefly as it takes another corner, before it is gone. Sherlock is alone and for the first time in what must have been months, he takes a deep breath. It’s unusual for Mycroft to be willing to leave without a final word. Somewhere, hidden from conscious thought, he loves his brother. But watching him leave now takes an almost unbearable weight off his shoulders, a weight that had only grown heavier over the years with them working so closely together. All the attempts to escape him, even for a bit, just a few days, had failed. The city never entirely hid him from his brother’s view. But maybe here, in this place that is so very different from London, he might find some peace.
“Well he certainly has a way of making enemies,” John offered, his mind not fully able to accept the hope Mycroft had planted there. Sherlock was clothed. Maybe he wasn’t out with this woman after all? Then John suddenly became suspicious. “Wait, Mycroft, what are you even doing here? I was under the impression that Sherlock was going to be released soon, but you’re
John’s jaw clenched. “You’re
“Understood,” John swallowed hard, trying to remain as calm as possible. His mind was racing, unable to decide what to ask first. “So how far forward and back are you able to jump around?” John asked. The possibilities were endless.
John laughed and shook his head, passing his books to Sherlock, and grabbing his crutches from the locker beside him that they were leaning against. “Fine,” he accepted. “Sorry I was late this morning.”
“Well I’m happy to show you around, and you can sit with us at break,” Mike said generously. Sherlock felt a pang of jealousy that it was not his lot in life to be the generous friendly person offering to show the new boy around.
“I’m not one to shy away from a challenge, sir,” John replied, dutifully.
“Hmmm?” he moaned, his eyes squeezing shut tighter at the effort of making the sound.
Sherlock blushes at the realization that he has completely bombarded John without thinking.
to get me to snuggle?” he asked, frustrated.
“Yes, I’m… getting to that,” Sherlock says as he swallows hard, adding more wine to his own glass. Taking another sip for courage, he looks over at John, putting the bottle down.
“Right.”
“Fantastic,” John said.
“Yeah well, I’d just be happier if we could find something that—” his thought was interrupted by an incoming text on Greg’s phone beside them on the table.
. Three times. He’d never referred to bodies like that before. Not in all the years they’d worked together.
“We need to find something, Greg,” John said finally, with gravity.
Holmes, violinist, London.
“No, it’s—” John blushes furiously again. He has no right to expect Sherlock to stay in touch in the first place. The fact that he feels the need to say so, only making him feel strange.
“Sherlock…” she stood for a moment, not sure how to say it, “
I can think about. How we can make this
“Not that I owe you
“You hadn’t struck me as someone who’s—” Mycroft stopped himself suddenly, taking a sip of his liquor.
“Through there,” the officer said, nodding behind himself, allowing John to run around the counter and down the corridor. He needed to find Sherlock, find where they were keeping him. He needed to be there for him. His heart was pounding as he picked up the pace, not sure where he was heading but fairly confident that there would either be chaos or a concentration of staff wherever he was being held. As he rounded a corner he ran into Greg, at full force. The two of them groaned at the surprise collision, stumbling apart.
“How would I know?” Mycroft asked, surprised and defensive, looking up from his tea.
“Sherlock? Are you okay?” John asked, waiting again, still not hearing anything of sense and starting to worry, trying to convince himself it was nothing. “Sherlock?
“What?” he shot back, offended. “Perfectly reasonable question, isn’t it? I assume it’s the only footage that ties him to the murder weapon?”
” he sighed on an angry huff.
“Not quite.”
“It’s okay. I’m used to Harry stuffing me around like this. I should have known better, really. And there was no promise that the house in Germany would be a permanent thing. I guess I just got comfortable. It has been so long that I hoped…” John shook his head, brushing away the thought to look back at Sherlock, trying to seem brighter. “Anyway, for now, I have nowhere to stay. So, I was hoping it might be all right if I… that is—”
, that is definitely
Sherlock returns the book, hardly having paid it attention and moves towards a small table, where John’s laptop is sitting open. He brushes his fingers over the trackpad and the screen comes to life, a document open and in progress.
he tells himself.
“You’re absolutely right, Sherlock. In fact, let’s
“I know, I know. I’m talking about…
at him.
Eventually, Sherlock fell asleep. John covered him with the blanket and stepped back to lean against the wall, his head in his hands. This behaviour was really concerning. It had to be drugs, surely.
“I’m sure you think he deserves better. Than me. That this is somehow
. The lips Sherlock used to longingly steal glimpses of when John wasn't looking. The lips that had never been anywhere
“Why?” Sherlock asked, turning to direct his anger at his brother now. “Do you not want me to embarrass you, in front of Mummy’s lawyer?”
He glared at Sherlock, wishing he could deduce him the way Sherlock deduced others so well. If only he could understand what went on in that brilliant mind. Sometimes, John was confident that he understood Sherlock perfectly. Only some of the time. At crime scenes they used to be so in sync with each other, finishing each other’s sentences or communicating with just a look. He loved that feeling, when they worked together as a team like that. He had missed it so much. There was something magical that happened when you lived with someone long enough, that you knew their noises and reactions and could anticipate them. When he lived with Mary, things with Sherlock became more awkward. He had lost touch with some of those instincts in Sherlock’s absence. He craved that again. Some days it had been like that again, since he had moved back in. But other days it was like he didn’t know Sherlock at all, like they had grown apart. John had lost some of his confidence. The guilt of his own actions weighed heavily on him, and the guilt of having a toddler in the house was always just lingering there at the back of his mind. He turned to the real estate section deliberately.
“Really?”
Sherlock didn’t speak, he just moved back enough to look at John properly. This time his eyes really looked over John’s face, more alert, more aware and taking in every inch of John’s face and demeanour, cataloguing information, deciding if John was trustworthy…
“You knew he was never going to take it well.”
“Yeah well buddy, how about you get out of the way?” he says, pushing past John and through the gate towards the house, colliding with a familiar figure, bringing great relief to John.
“Right, get back to work. Watson will be with me.”
knows that. He’s just not used to people sticking around. It was always just him and me.”
“So, what’s next?” John asked, ready to move forward.
John looked at Sherlock surprised.
? Greg had been thinking the same thing.
They are in a good place now, balancing Sherlock’s career with John’s need for peace and quiet, the kind only this place can give him. Sherlock is learning to take a step back when he needs to, to never get to the point again, where he feels burned out. And John, too, is getting used to spending more time around people, again, in the big cities and the crowded concert halls. It’s a process. They are getting there.
“Well, I don’t know. Maybe, yeah.” John felt so foolish. As if the fact that someone was currently cleaning up his vomit off the floor wasn’t embarrassing enough.
“I’ll teach you, one day. About
Thursday 8:00am
Sherlock grabbed his things and began to edge out of the room between the desks. As he passed John, he dropped the book onto John’s desk and kept walking without a word. John was surprised and grabbed it assuming it had been dropped by accident. As Sherlock reached the door he glanced back at john who was holding the book up to him with his eyebrows up in question. Sherlock just gave a short smile, then winked at him, before exiting the room, leaving John completely shocked.
“That was incredible,” he said in a rush, as he returned to the control room.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, handing his menu to the waiter, and grabbing John’s as well to pass it back.
“Yeah. Yeah, I do. Of course I do,” John had stopped for a moment, needing to absorb it all. “
want me.”
“It’s all right Sherlock, I’ve got you,” John said, and the relief in Sherlock was clear.
“John?” Sherlock interrupted his thoughts. The look on his face was slightly perplexed. He was trying to deduce what John was thinking. “Best get down there before Rosie wakes,” he suggested lightly.
“Oh hello there… uh…” he gestured to the woman.
This was clearly not Sarah’s first party at Mike’s house and she wove her way through the people to the kitchen area with a comfort level that would only come from many visits. John smiled to himself. She was so quiet, almost demure at school around him and already she had declared her interest and taken control of the situation at the party. He liked this assertive side to her. He lacked so much confidence that it was nice to have someone take the lead for a change. Maybe this could work. Maybe Sarah was actually a good fit. Maybe he would try and kiss her tonight and see how that felt, see if there was chemistry. Or maybe as usual, he would do nothing at all.
“I see,” Sherlock weighs that information carefully, looking very nervous. “And?”
“Okay, so…wait...” Sherlock had not expected that from John at all.
Sherlock closes his eyes in relief. The hug lasts a little longer than it should and for a brief moment he gets the sense that he would enjoy doing this with someone every day – with
and I can’t… it doesn’t feel the same when I’m trying to force it.”
he told himself as his brain dealt with the shock.
“It was just a dog and a man, you idiot. Hold it together, Watson,” he says to himself in annoyance. He has to admit that escaping to a foreign country was a little anxiety-inducing initially, but then the idea of hiding out and not having to interact with people had been a little bit of a blessing for John. Ever since his return, not only had the night terrors been crippling, but the anxiety when meeting new people had caught him by surprise. Surprises were not something he enjoyed.
He deliberately didn’t do his tie up all the way as he should, opening his top button and letting the tie hang down lower. The bottoms of his white shirt hanging out of his jumper. The hems of his trousers slightly frayed. James Moriarty was clearly rich, and arrogant enough to flaunt the rules and the dress code and not care about the consequences of that. He imagined James had a lawyer father who would argue his son’s freedom of expression was being stifled if the school threatened detention. Not that John could judge clothing. He still didn’t have a uniform yet and although people had stopped staring as much, he knew he was still being silently judged for his lack of style.
“Not yet. Maybe.” John thought that might at least distract from Sherlock, from his dad’s obvious frustrations about Sherlock.
“Oh son, you gave us a scare.”
In their own little tradition, their legs are entangled under the table, as a way of being connected, of always touching just briefly. He will miss this when Sherlock is gone. His feet will feel lonely during breakfast, and on the sofa, and at night. John brushes the thought away. They still have four days.
“You’ll be able to write,” Sherlock says. “And you can do that anywhere. This could work.”
“John, I told you we’re not…”
“You okay?” John asks, dropping the wood and coming closer. “What happened? Let me see.”
,” he gave her a stern look. “It’s starting to get cold. Let’s put the jacket on, and
Molly nodded quietly. “I’ll send you through the report when I’m done.”
“You know, having you here… is better... than
“By killing yourself?” John asked.
minds. I can feel his hot breath dance across my cold lips. Feel his words bounce off the tip of my tongue waiting just inside my mouth.
“I was ten. She went to work one night and never came back home. Woke up to an empty trailer. Then the neighbor – you know, the surfer guy – Mr. Cool. He came over and got me finally. He didn’t tell me what happened, just drove me out to my Auntie Cath’s place in the Valley. And then my Uncle Ron finally told me like ten fucking hours later that she’d been hit by a car.”
“You’re telling me not to care about my own daughter,” I shoot back.
With a deep sigh of resignation, Sherlock looks down at himself, illuminated by the ghostly light pouring through the window from the streetlamps outside.
French:
John tries to smile, but knows it doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “And you won’t fucking run off to the car if I win?”
As the crowd cheers behind them, Greg tears his attention away from the race and dips his head, his warm voice puffing into John’s ear. “I would not have blamed you if you had needed the space. To . . . to reevaluate. To be walking away.”
But I was wrong.
sex and not looking uncertain in the least.
“I know,” he whispers softly, eyes crinkling. And then he gestures his head for John to go on and finish getting ready while he goes to answer the door, hand still and steady on the doorknob.
Or he used to stand alone on that highest peak, rather. Until along came you.
c'est tout : that's all
Holmes, chuckling through his nose: “Yes. Even me.”
There’s an unintelligible yell of affirmation back, then no more sound.
“Oh gee, thanks.”
Simon, in German: “Robbie’s team caught a visual near where the Simplon Pass climber was lost. Fresh crevasse almost exactly where he was last seen, before the fog rolled in. They already had two patients with them, so they couldn’t stop to check, but the weather is clear if we hurry.”
” Greg had once cried, his voice breaking, looking exhausted and pale.
Sherlock huffs. “Disabled? Really?”
“Of course,” the guard beams at him, already moving toward the door. “Yes, yes we wouldn’t want to ruin your chances at Gold this year, would we?”
Suddenly, he sits upright again, and starts to work with a renewed energy on organizing his supplies.
He isn’t breathing.
He waits to get ribbed for going on skiing holidays in France like some ridiculous celebrity, but instead he hears James lick his lips through the phone.
John laughs, surprised and his train of thought forgotten. “How do you know that?”
We watch Watson walk away through the crowded hangar, dodging mechanic tool carts and helicopters with ease, until the red of his jacket is swallowed up from view.
Sonya Westley didn’t yank him out of the crowd because of his promise, or his athleticism, or his gold-medal-chances.
“Watson?” Rick prompts.
In his dreams, John’s breath tickles Sherlock’s ear as he sprints through the Village, John’s warm chest pressed into his back, and fresh snow on his cheeks.
The fear dissolves, rushing from his body like the foam fades back from the shore with the rise and fall of each passing wave. He blinks back the water forming in his eyes and ducks his head to be battered by the spray, feeling flayed open and raw. Feeling one hundred pounds lighter. In a sudden rush John shuts off the water with a shaking hand and wraps a towel around his waist and peeks his head out of the bathroom door, steam billowing out around him into the living room while he drips wet puddles onto the floor.
“Swear to God,” John mutters again. “Some days I think he’s really an eight year old who added an extra two decades to his ID. Makes me feel like a grandad trying to get him to eat his peas.”
Time stops as he kisses the gnarled skin. He traces its outlines with his lips, tastes its warmth with his tongue, holds John’s body firmly against himself as he anchors him into the earth with his mouth. Suddenly he feels John’s lips press softly into the center of his palm. John whispers words into his skin, bringing his hand up to hold Sherlock’s palm against his lips.
Finally he looks over my shoulder towards the sea. He swallows hard and sets his shoulders, as if he’s just made a decision. I can hear his breathing.
