pants. He pulled them on anyway, it wasn't like Cas hadn't stolen a dozen of his shirts in his first few weeks of being human again- and even once they bought him some actual clothes he still stole Dean's.
"Are you done yet?" Naomi's voice taunted. Instantly Cas pulled away, shoving Dean behind him. Naomi raised an eyebrow. "Cute, protecting your little crush. But he's not real." Castiel risked looking back to see, and sure enough, Dean was gone.
Right. Dean vaguely remembered reading about that. He'd meant to bring it up, send it along to Claire, or maybe the Banes twins, but he just... hadn't gotten there yet. This whole "retirement" thing was new to him okay? He could do a little bit more digging into a case if he wanted to. It wouldn't hurt anyone. In fact, Dean was probably going to help someone by doing the boring work for them.
The following day, Dean drags himself out of bed before dawn, stumbles downstairs, and after one cup of coffee, throws himself into cleaning the beach house. Seriously cleaning. He empties the kitchen cabinets and scrubs everything down. Tosses out-of-date tinned food into the trash, along with Lisa’s protein bars and slimming shakes. He washes windows, polishes the floors, and cleans the bathrooms so thoroughly they gleam.
But this whole Alastair thing on top of his mother crawling out of the woodwork has really screwed with Dean’s head. And Dean’s head hasn’t been rational central for a while now. He suspects he can’t go on like this for much longer. It’s not surprising that Cas and Sam are worried about him. He has been more of a pain in the ass than usual lately.
Meals are at set times, and taken in the large dining room, although everyone has a small kitchenette with limited cooking facilities in their rooms if they aren't feeling sociable. No visiting alphas are allowed in the house without express permission and every guest has to sign in and out. There are twelve omegas in residence presently but, according to Ellen, the house is large enough to comfortably hold double that.
Sam’s phone rings just then saving him from Dean’s witty rejoinder. Cas walks across the room and perches on the arm of the chair, arm draping around Dean’s shoulders, fingers kneading at his nape, easing the tension that’s crept in. Dean leans in against him with a sigh. “I’m not trying to be difficult,” Dean says, keeping his voice low so as not to disturb Sam’s phone call.
“But that’s why we get on so well, Dean. We’re cut from the same cloth, you and I. We don’t want dull routine. We want to grab life by the balls. We want excitement, thrills.”
“As far as we know the cops haven’t ID’d him. He had a stolen car and was using an alias... pretending to be a pediatrician from North Carolina. Without identifiable remains, I doubt they‘ll trace him.”
“Not this kind of club,” Dean says, his eyebrows at his hairline. The only club he’s been in before was a dive bar compared to this. And the worst Dean had done there was jerk off another guy in the men’s room. Here, there’s a girl down on her knees sucking a guy off in the middle of the dance floor and no one seems to care. Least of all Crowley.
Benny pats his back. “I’m gonna go grab Carmen and say goodbye to everyone. You should at least let your friend know you’re leaving.”
There’s a skirmish at the bottom of the bed, the alphas racing to discard their clothes as quickly as possible. Cain retains his dignity only slightly better than the other two who almost topple over each other in their rush. Dean would be amused if he wasn’t dizzy with need.
Sam turns up just as Idris and Betty from catering start belting out We Will Survive on the impromptu karaoke. Dean’s relieved that Sam missed his rendition of Mandy at least. Although he side-eyes Cas sternly for Sam showing up at all.
think?” Dean fumes. “Nice to know that you and Sam are in agreement, bitching about me behind my back.”
Crowley doesn’t actually seem to care about the smoke or Dean’s meltdown. He’s as unruffled as ever. Dean swears it would take an apocalypse to break through his unflappable exterior. “Would you like me to call them?”
Dean scowls. That’s unfair. He… okay, they all know now he’s bullshiting when he says he doesn’t cuddle, but he seriously doesn’t dance. Not where there’s people around to witness his uncoordinated two-left footed attempts.
“We’re done when I say we’re done,” Marv snaps. “And we’re not done until Mr. Winchester here does us all a favor and remembers how to act. Make-up? Can you do something with him?”
“Or,” Dean says instead. “We could forget about Cas tonight and I could go home with you and Carmen instead?”
“Did I want something?” Dean repeats, incredulously. “Well, I want you to act like a professional but clearly that ain’t gonna happen. How about you just not be a giant dick? Is that too much to ask?”
Dean elbows Cas in the ribs, but his smile is in no danger of fading. “Hey, don’t be asking my kid brother for my hand in marriage, asshole.”
And yet he’d still managed to slip through Alastair’s fingers. Thanks to that interfering idiot. At least Alastair had left Dean with a few pretty scars to remember him by.
“She comes once a week,” Dean points out. “That was just about okay when we were only here weekends, not when there are two guys living here permanently. One of whom is a fucking slob. You do know we have a dishwasher, right? And that your dirty dishes don’t just wash themselves?”
Dean does understand. But that doesn’t mean it’s okay. And it’s worrying that Cas doesn’t understand why. “I don’t want you to protect me like this. I don’t need you to. Not by lying to me. And following Alastair around like that? Jesus... what if he’d... he’d attacked
He guesses, when it comes down to it, Cas is a better man than Dean. The hard fact is, Dean grew up skirting the edges of the law. He begged, borrowed and stole throughout his childhood. Did what he needed to in order to keep his family together. In order to survive. His conscience is a murky place. His morals wrapped in shades of grey. Cas’s are far more black and white.
“Well, what do we have here. So many charming omegas gathered together. Shouldn’t you all be mingling with the guests?”
Cain huffs out a breath of disbelief. “That woman would have killed you without care. Going to Crowley’s club was a reckless move. I thought you had more sense.”
“You had a change of heart?” Benny asks. “Because I thought things worked out pretty good yesterday?”
“I…” Cas seems at as much of a loss for words as Dean for a change. Dean would find that reassuring if he wasn’t already feeling a sweeping sense of panic starting to wash over him. One of them needs to start fucking talking.
He doesn’t need anyone to fight his battles for him, but it’s nice to find that someone has his back.
Charlie is dancing with Gilda, inelegant but so wholly unselfconscious that Dean can’t help but smile as he watches them. They’re the only ones dancing, and they don’t care. Dean would feel sorry for Dorothy but ten minutes ago she was feeding Charlie tiny cupcakes, so he doubts Charlie has come to a decision yet.
Christmas music is playing in the kitchen when he comes down the stairs, and Dean can hear Cas humming, off key, along with the upbeat strains of The Jackson Five. Dean walks around the corner into the kitchen, and the crack he was going to make about it probably not being Santa that Mommy was kissing under the Christmas tree dries on his tongue. Cas is standing at the stove, his back to Dean. He’s wearing the ugliest pair of green yoga pants, a threadbare, almost see-through, white tee-shirt that is clinging obscenely to his broad shoulders and the damn Santa hat from last night is perched at angle on his tufty bedhead hair.
Dean paces beside his pool for a good hour, smokes enough to wish he’d bought more cigarettes. The conversation playing over and over in his head in a nauseating loop. It takes him a while to remember he’d switched his cell phone to silent before they’d gone in the restaurant. When he checks, he has a list of missed calls, including three from Crowley and half a dozen from Charlie. One forty minutes ago from Jess. Nothing from Cas though.
“Did he trick you into eating them or did you take one because they were there and you can’t resist anything sweet?”
“I know,” Dean admits, breaking out of the hug just far enough so he can look Cas in the face. At least he seems concerned rather than mad. But even concern is more than Dean can handle right now.
Benny is apparently dealing with something somewhere not here, and the mysterious Cain Knight is nowhere to be seen. Dean would console himself with the delicious little cheesesteak sandwiches from the buffet, but truth be told, his dress pants were on the tight side when he put them on tonight. Ash may have had a point.
Crowley wrinkles his nose up, his distaste plain. “Whatever has got you smoking like a chimney. And having panic attacks.”
Honestly, Dean would love to. But, as much as Sam and Eileen deny it, he’s intruding. The first few weeks with a baby are a special time you never get back and though Dean would love to share it with his brother and sister-in-law, it’s not his place.
Dean picks up his tumbler and finishes off his drink before shuffling all the paperwork back together. Cas stops beside him after he’s fetched his sunglasses. “I truly didn’t mean to intrude, Dean,” he says quietly.
The guy is wearing a Joker costume. A cheap polyester thing, tight around his waist, and a good few inches too long, the pants pooling down over his shoes. Rather than the usual Joker make-up, the guy is wearing a plastic mask. One that hides his face entirely. Dean tries not to let that freak him out.
Dean turns his glare fully on Cas. “It’s a couple of hours away. We’re not exactly talking full-on road-trip here.”
“And what exactly does full participation involve?” Dean crosses his arms over his chest, not sure he’s keen on where this conversation is heading. If they think for one second they’re going to turn Dean into some mindless submissive Stepford omega, then Dean’s booking it out of here right the hell now.
“Three alphas,” Dean complains, glancing around to make sure no one is paying them attention as they leave the room with suspicious haste. “Three times the trouble.”
“What about the rules?” Dean says, staring around him and wondering how many other people Bela has screwed.
There’s a low hum of disappointment when he announces that Dean has been delayed which makes Dean smirk as he sinks further down into his chair. Almost immediately the room sinks into complete darkness and the screens behind the panel light up, and the hall goes quiet.
Dean knows that feeling. He’s planning on sleeping away most of the day, and drinking for the rest of it.
“It involves you telling us what you’re looking for in a mate. Filling out our questionnaires honestly and socializing with the guests at any mixer events we hold. It means keeping an open mind and going on dates, even when you think our choices for you are insane. It means trusting us. And it means coming off your suppressants and blockers.”
It’s no less magical, no less powerful, when Cas knots him through his next wave of heat a few hours later, Benny and Cain jerking each other off as Cas grasps bruises into Dean’s hips and mouths with intent at his neck.
He feels Cain’s eyes trained on him until he turns the corner and disappears up the stairway to his room.
“Thanks,” Dean says. “I don’t. Not really. But... well, it’s been a stressful morning. I just need a few minutes to settle my nerves, you know? Is there a bathroom or somewhere I could...”
“It’s fine,” Dean says, massaging the back of his neck. “I mean, it’s not fine, but I understand why you thought I couldn’t deal with this shit. It’s not like I’ve been the king of good life choices lately.”
Dean, in all honesty, is relieved that Crowley has stepped in. Better the devil you know and all that schtick. And while Crowley might rub some people the wrong way, he does know how to command a movie set.
Of course he heard. Nothing in this place stays secret. Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and turns to glare at Zachariah.
“I was paying one of my routine visits to the Den to ensure Ellen is looking after you all when I heard the news.”
Regardless, the only car Dean wants and needs is the Impala. Baby never has and never will let him down.
“Any chance you could grab me something to eat while you’re out there defending my honor?” is all he says. He’s not especially hungry, but he’s dead on his feet and he figures that food can’t hurt. When he thinks about it, he can’t actually remember eating anything all day. Dean knows just how worried Sam is when he leaves without bitching. He’d at least expected a dig about diva actors not being capable of walking to the food truck themselves.
Cas takes a step forward and glares down over the ledge of the balcony. Dean’s not sure if the fear in his eyes is from the height or the swell of fans huddled down below. Or maybe it’s the giant Elmo dressed as Freddy Krueger complete with knife fingers that’s freaking him out. He’s certainly unsettling Dean.
Benny reaches out to stop him. “Hey now, don’t run away on my account. Stay awhile and chat with us.”
Dean would argue at being labelled a twink even though he knows he’s not much beyond that and he’s no longer a virgin in any way he can think of, but he’s still as nervous as he is slick-drip needy when Cain lines up behind him and presses his dick home.
Dean scowls and flicks his sunglasses down from where they were balanced on top of his head to cover his eyes. “Shut the fuck up, asshole. See if I admit my darkest secrets to you again.”
Ellen curses under her breath and makes her way to the front door, her pace glacial, no doubt hoping Benny will talk Dean out of what is undoubtedly a bad idea.
“Sam,” Dean sighs. “Are you honestly suggesting that I take a gamble like that? That I risk my life on the chance that I’m one of the lucky few who won’t get sick. You want me to throw that dice and let fate decide whether I live or die without at least trying to stack the odds in my favor?”
“A very mild one,” Cas retorts, not trying to hide the laughter in his voice. “The doctor said you should be fine tomorrow.”
Given the bruise on his jaw, he doesn’t bother shaving. He does make a bit of an effort when he dresses though. It just feels wrong not to on Christmas Day, even if it is just gonna be him and Cas sitting in front of the television eating junk food all day. He doesn’t go quite as far as wearing dress pants but he puts on a pair of black jeans and his dark red henley. Not dressy, but not too shabby either.
“Perhaps we should let an A&E doctor decide that,” Cas says in a snippy tone that Dean hasn’t heard for a while.
He walks around the island unit in the center of the room, placing the barrier very deliberately between himself and his brother and boyfriend, downs two fingers of chest-burning whisky and refills his tumbler before he speaks. “Tell me,” he says to Sam.
“Over my dead body,” Dean shoots back, already scrolling through his phone for the contact details of the pizza place they normally use.
“I’m an equal opportunity kind of guy,” Dean admits. Between looking after Sam and working shifts at the grocery store and gas station, he hasn’t had much time for a social life lately. He did sleep with a few girls back in high school. Something which his dad was weirdly proud of when he found out... thank you small town gossip. Dean guesses it was easier for John Winchester to ignore that Dean was an omega if he was screwing around with girls. He probably wouldn’t be so proud if ever found out about the furtive handjobs Dean had exchanged with a few guys in the club at the edge of town.
Dean grumbles under his breath. He feels old enough without having to wear glasses. Divorced, backache, deteriorating eyesight, he may as well buy a cardigan, pipe, and slippers and wait for Death to come floating along with his scythe. He’ll keep on squinting for a while longer, thank you very much.
Dean should tell Benny that he doesn’t know what he’s talking about. He should tell him, he’s got it all wrong. But even he knows it’s bullshit. Doesn’t mean it’s still not a freaking awful idea though.
flushes every insecurity Dean has straight to the surface. He knows he’s not the perfect example of an omega. He’s a guy first of all. And he’s tall, and broad shouldered and he has an attitude that is often described as spirited by those being kind and belligerent by those who are more honest. He’s nobody’s idea of a perfect anything.
“Maybe it’s true though, maybe she left because I cried too much.” Sam’s face is still crumpled, his eyes big and wet. Dean takes his hand again and starts walking, even slower. They’re going to be late. Dad’s going to be mad, especially if the school calls him again.
Dean shifts uncomfortably in his seat and takes a sip from the nearly empty beer bottle he’s holding. “Yeah,” he eventually manages to say. “Yeah, I… y’all are a welcoming bunch.”
Dean is so very tempted to stick his tongue out at Sam that he feels like he’s been hit in the back of the head with a four by four plank of deja-vu. It’s kind of nice to fall back into the childhood feelings of affectionate brotherly teasing. Or it would be if that didn’t place Cas in the role of his dad. Which... no, thank you. Dean settles on scowling at the pair of them instead. “I don’t see why I can't—”
They trade insults for another few minutes before Claire hangs up to go rejoin her friends, then Dean calls Ben who yells for three minutes straight about Dean not answering his phone. Dean feels more like a kid than a dad when he admits he’s not entirely sure where his phone is anymore. He hasn’t seen it since before Gordon punched him in the face. Which he probably shouldn’t have admitted to Ben because then he has to explain why Gordon punched him in the face. Dean leaves out any mentions of threesomes and Cas’ sex hair, and by the end of the story he’s not even sure it makes sense.
The photographer gives him a knowing look. “There’s a men’s room in the hallway out there, just around the corner, second door on the left. If your brother won’t kick your ass.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Dean laughs. “It was the red hair that confused me. You look awesome though.”
For once, Dean doesn’t thank his driver. Doesn’t smile at Max, the security guard waiting for him at the front door. He strides through the empty hallway of his home, his and Cas’s home, until he reaches the kitchen. He’s grabbed a bottle of malt whisky and a glass from the cupboard before Sam and Cas have caught up to him.
Dean feels nauseous when he thinks of how his dad would look at him if he became the omega pet of three alphas. He can’t even begin to imagine the disgust that would be in his eyes on top of the usual disappointment.
“Rational? You think that flake is rational? He bought pot brownies, Sam! And he tricked me into eating them!”
Dean sighs. He knows they won’t let it drop now. “She said… she said they were going to figure out if two knots were better than one on their wedding night.”
Dean breathes out through his mouth unsteadily, his fingers gripping the edge of the table. “I’m leaking slick and I’m two minutes away from dropping to my knees right here,” he admits.
There were many cases, however, where omegas in heat had ended up locked down and used as entertainment or even a source of income for towns that gladly took advantage of the draw a breeding omega could bring.
Dean’s far too tired for this garbage. “Fuck off, Crowley. You don’t know what the hell you're talking about.”
Dean spends most of dinner complaining to Charlie about how badly the afternoon went. She has a few tales of disastrous first dates that make him feel both a little better and a little more worried about what he might still have to go through.
Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t need Crowley of all people trying to lecture him on self-care. Like the guy actually knows anything about Dean’s life. About what goes on in his head. Like he actually fucking cares about anything other than seeing his own name in big shiny letters.
“Well, sweetheart,” Dean winks, the ache in his ass already easing. “Why don’t you just try fucking the stubborn right out of me?”
“No one here is dashing to your rescue. You’re the entertainment, sweetie. They’ll be baying for your blood by the end of the night.”
“Because I was bored. Because I started to think maybe there was an omega out there who might change my mind. And then I saw your photo and I just had to meet you. And then I met you and I knew.”
Cas wriggles across the mattress so he’s snug against Benny and pats the empty space between him and Cain. He eyes droop to half-closed and he looks like he’s ready to fall asleep again. To be fair, they all have a fair amount of sleep to catch up on after the past few days. “Dean,” Cas says. “Snuggle.”
Dean, who’s having trouble formulating a response in the face of the sudden revelation that two of the few non-asshole alphas he’d found are apparently in a relationship, takes a long drink from his beer bottle. “I guess I just attract the asshole-type,” he eventually says. “It can’t be easy for Ellen to keep finding alphas that might want to date me, I’m hardly the ideal omega.”
Dean soaks in the atmosphere, the excitement and the insanity. People must be exhausted, what with all the lining up and battling through crowds, but there’s such a general sense of fun and acceptance in the air that, even though nerves are jittering under the surface of his skin, it’s hard not to feel infected by it. Dean stops a time or two to admire costumes and check out the stuff that Charlie is cooing over, but they steadily make their way to the hall where the Red Hood panel is close to starting. Their passes allow them to walk straight in the door, with only a few death-stares from people waiting in line outside, and then, with the lights cutting down low, they take their seats, just a few rows back from the stage. Charlie at one side of Dean and Cas at the other, Sam in a chair directly behind him.
Dean wakes up in the morning, not just tangled in his bed sheets but flat-out sticking to them. He feels gross and disgusting and mildly ashamed of himself. He had no idea that dried come and slick were such effective adhesives. He peels himself away from his bed, trying not to lose a layer of skin, and swears grumpily that he’s never going to make the mistake of falling asleep in his own mess ever again.
“As are mine,” Cas returns, with his usual calm tone. Dean wants to shake him until his placid facade snaps. “I made the kitchen cabinets you’re leaning on. The table your mug is sitting on. I spent as many hours here as you turning this ramshackle house into a home.”
“Well, yes,” Cain says, cutting a generous slice and placing it in front of Dean. “That is my job, Dean. I’m the head chef here. I do all the baking for the Den, I presumed you knew.”
Dean gives Sam a squeeze before standing up. “It’s only a few more months before you’ll be ditching us anyway, college boy.”
But six months might be too late for Dean. Full maturity usually hits omegas before they reach twenty-four, but sometimes it’s earlier. There’s no way to tell. And Dean would rather Sam suffered a few months at home without him, than the rest of his life wishing his big brother had gotten off his ass and found a mate before it was too late.
“I’m really not,” Cas insists, hesitating before adding a vital caveat. “My family however are rather rich and, I suppose, well known in certain circles. They are... old money, I think the expression is.”
Dean still huffs though. “So, no dodging the paps. No leaving in a blaze of glory. No Butch and Sundance. No Thelma and Louise. No Bonnie and Clyde. No—”
“Yes,” Cas says. “I mean, no, I don’t think that would make everything okay, but yes I want you to talk to me. Or Sam. Or a therapist. Someone that will help you find a way to cope with your feelings.”
Dean’s never been a dating kind of guy, not since high school. So, this whole ordeal is nerve wracking. He has no idea what he’s supposed to talk about with a stranger.
Dean’s grip tightens on the whisky glass but he keeps his mouth shut. Jaw clenched hard enough for a jagged pain to shoot through his skull.
Dean stiffens at the voice, and curses himself for being so lost in his thoughts he didn’t notice anyone creeping up behind him.
Dean is about to argue that for once he wasn’t trying to be a smart ass, but Ellen talks over him. “And when has “society” ever had all the answers anyway? Most people don’t have a clue about alphas and omegas, hell, most people can’t see anything past the end of their nose. Different strokes for different folks, Dean. The world would be a miserable place if we were all the same.”
“While the pair of you are sickeningly sweet,” she says, manhandling Dean towards the door. “Dean does still have one other alpha to meet.”
“Well,” she says, and awesome, another snobby British accent. Dean thought they were trying something different. “You looked much prettier in your photos. Tell me, do you have access to a mirror and a razor in this place?”
It takes some serious brain-racking but eventually Dean has an epiphany. Ben’s seventh birthday party is memorable for many reasons. Sam’s hilarious attempts to avoid the clown for the whole afternoon is one of them. Cas’ reaction to the clown’s party trick, the other.
want him? Benny and Cain and Cas? That makes no sense. And then what Abaddon said last night comes back to him and he yanks his hand out of Benny’s hold, jumps up, and backs away from the table. “You want me to be your pet? Like a… a sex toy or something?”
Max isn’t reassured. He shifts anxiously, glowering at the car. “Maybe you should wait, Sir. I’m not sure Mr. Novak would approve of this if he were here.”
“He’s my brother,” Dean says simply. “He’s allowed to be mad. But he knows the only people that win in a messy divorce are the lawyers.”
“If you don’t tie up that monstrosity of a hairstyle, your ass is gonna hit the sidewalk,” Ellen retorts, striding up to Sam and Dean and dragging Dean straight into a hug. “It’s good to see you boys, it’s been too long.”
Dean nods. “Okay. You meet her then, Sammy. You ask her what excuse she has for abandoning her kids and husband for over twenty years.”
And, while he’d be the first to agree that acting isn’t really hard work, not compared to what most honest people have to do to earn a paycheck, it does take a toll. Sometimes physically, sometimes mentally and sometimes, like today, both.
At this point Dean can’t even tell if they’re alphas or normals; his senses are in overdrive, overwhelmed, all he can smell is danger. Whoever, whatever, they are, they’re big guys. Taller than Dean and Abaddon both, with thick necks and muscles bulging out from their shirt sleeves.
“I… yes. Yes… of fucking course I will,” Dean laughs, almost falling off the motorcycle as he twists around to look at Cas. To make sure he’s serious.
Dean’s four and a half, gonna be five soon. He’s got a little brother who screams loud and smiles all gummy and wet. His dad works real hard and his mom makes the best pb and j sandwiches... cuts the crusts off and everything. At least, she used to. She used to take him to the park and sing him to sleep at night too. She hasn’t done that for a while.
“Yes, Meg and I were rather flexible with our sex lives back then. Even when we were first married we partook in the occasional orgy. Well, right up until Jimmy disappeared and Claire became my responsibility. That rather curtailed our opportunities to invite more partners into our bed.”
Dean wants to say no. But Alastair promised him three hundred bucks for this. You don’t earn that kind of money for nothing.
“Is there no one you’ve met that you’ve liked?” Charlie continues. “Not a single alpha that you’ve scented and felt your knees go weak?”
Mouth suddenly dry, Dean nods, and then almost to God swoons when Benny’s lips descend on his, kissing him soft and sweet and breathtakingly gentle. And not for long enough.
By lunchtime Dean has changed his mind at least half a dozen times about what he should do. He’s packed his bag and unpacked it. Now his hold-all is lying on his bed with approximately half of his belongings in it. He can’t remember whether he’s packing or unpacking so he’s settled for sitting on the floor with his back against his bed and feeling miserable.
“It’s clean,” Dean says. Which okay, not exactly smooth but he wasn’t prepared for a character assassination in the first three seconds of meeting his date. He doesn’t even know her name yet.
“I’m...” fine, Dean was going to say. But then, remembering one thing that Tessa told him, about trying to be more truthful with his emotions, with Cas at least. He stops and takes a deep breath. “I’m just a little nervous, I guess. About who might be out there.”
Dean sits back and watches Mary talk. Sam appears to be listening intently as she neatly summarizes two decades of her life, her career, her travels, but all Dean can think about is his childhood. His shitty childhood, and his broken Dad, and his motherless brother.
Gordon snorts and gives Dean an appraising once over. “Some of us are more welcoming than others. Benny and Carmen certainly do like to make new friends. Especially pretty ones.”
draws to a halt, his shirt is clinging to his sweat-slicked skin and he’s fighting to draw in a breath. He doesn’t wait for the engine to stop running before fumbling at the door handle, which refuses to open under his trembling fingers. Panic bubbles up in his chest, wraps around his heart, and squeezes.
“Why do we even need a better sense of smell than anyone else?” Dean bitches. “I mean what’s the goddamn point? Was Mother Nature on crack when she came up with the whole omega/alpha thing? Is it all some big cosmic joke?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, smacking Cas’ hand away when he tries to ruffle Dean’s hair. “Like I’m the one who holds wild parties.”
Cas turns his head and stares straight at Dean. “Really? I did not see that coming. Dean Winchester likes dick, and admits it.”
“Please,” is all Dean ends up saying. Begging. “Please touch me.” And then caving into his instincts, even though he thinks he might hate himself for it later, he rolls over onto his knees, dips his spine and shoves his ass into the air.
“And,” Cas continues. “If it was my mother, despite everything she’s done, all the hurtful things she said, I would jump at the chance to form some kind of relationship with her again.”
Dean’s stomach swoops, a reaction that has more to do with anxiety than with the seafood platter they are sharing. Hopefully. Food poisoning is no fun.
Cas squints at Dean apparently oblivious to the joke. “No, I was not a fan of her taste in music. I was going to say hard liquor.”
“No.” Dean tilts his head in agreement. “But smoking weed out on the deck, wearing only a sun hat and flip flops while watching porn on your IPad does.”
him. Not that he’s had one since he was four. But even the thought of being the center of attention makes his palms sweat.
Doctor Missouri is the kind of no-nonsense woman that had the measure of Dean within two minutes of meeting him. She knows not to coddle him. And not to bullshit him. But she also knows not to listen to his bullshit either.
She doesn’t believe a word of his bullshit. “Dean, honey, you have three alphas who are mad over you, why are you doing this?”
“Yep,” Dean says, taking a step back from the alpha. The man is older than Dean’s dad with a paunch that speaks of long boozy lunches and a scent that leaves Dean trying not to breathe in through his nose.
Dean knows that Cas is worried. That he’s not saying this to hurt Dean. That doesn’t stop him feeling like he’s under attack though.
At some point in the five hours they spent hanging around the emergency room Cas regained his sense of humor. Dean’s not so sure he’s happy about that. He thinks it happened around the same time Dean sobered up and every damn thought he was thinking stopped spilling out of his lips.
“All part of the job. Got to keep an eye on things. Make sure our omegas are being given every opportunity to meet a suitable match.”
“Speaking of sex outside the bedroom,” Cain says, kissing the corner of Dean’s pouting lips. “There’s an office beside the kitchen with a very sturdy desk.”
Cas is infuriating, and a slob. He drives Dean around the bend 80% of the time. He’s also gorgeous and stupidly funny in his own weird way, and so genuinely kind it makes Dean’s heart hurt.
Cain hums, and waits for him to continue. The words that tumble from Dean’s lips in response are a mess of confused rambling.
“You do like pie, don’t you?” Cain says, for once looking slightly unsure of himself, probably thanks to Dean’s silent reaction. “It’s apple. I considered making a chocolate cake but pie is rather a specialty of mine.”
“Of course not,” Cain assures him. “That’s not the issue. Zachariah and Uriel cannot be trusted. One more date will not be the end of the matter. If Zachariah thinks he can force you into uncomfortable meetings with his alpha friends, he will continue to pressure you. Let us deal with him.”
What Crowley said about Dean not wanting an alpha isn’t true either. Dean wouldn’t have gone to the Den, no matter the consequences, if, deep down, he hadn’t wanted to find someone to settle down with. A mate. Now he’s been there a few months, he’s not so sure that love is in the cards for him, but that’s because he can't find anyone who wants him, not because he doesn’t want to. He thinks.
Sam’s not yelling but his tone is cold, anger twitching in his jaw. “Because this might win you your fifteen minutes of fame, but I promise you it won’t be fun. Not when the paps find you. And they will. They are going to hound you every minute of the day. And believe me, Pamela and I will make damn sure that Dean comes out of this squeaky clean. Do you have a publicist, Mary? Can you afford to spin this so you don’t end up painted as the cold-hearted bitch who abandoned her kids?”
“My apologies, Dean,” the alpha says with a calm smile that manages to puncture the last of Dean’s indignation. “I thought perhaps you’d prefer not to brawl in the middle of your own party.”
But Cas has a family he can visit. It doesn’t seem right, him hanging around here when he could at least be surrounded by people who love him.
“I’m not quite sure who won the pool. I put my money on Christmas Day but that old fart Mr. Bryant bet on Christmas Eve.”
“Dean, wait,” Charlie says. “I’m sorry. I do want you to be happy. Of course I do. You’re the best friend I’ve had in here. I’ll support whatever you want to do. Just… be careful, okay.”
“Not the time or place, huh?” Dean says breathily, the hot touch of Cas’s fingers to his hips suddenly making his pants a whole lot tighter.
Dean’s shoulders slump. He can hardly argue with her today of all days. “Whatever,” he says, as graceful as ever, doing his best to ignore Benny and Cas’ laughter as they sensibly waltz out of range of Dean’s uncoordinated limbs.
“Of course it’ll be fine, Sammy,” Dean says, rolling another of his favorite tee-shirts up and tucking it into the least full corner of his hold-all. “Anyway, it’s not like I have much choice. If I don’t turn up this time, we’ll have Omega Welfare agents banging at the door to find out why. We knew this was coming. I’m twenty-two. I’ve already put it off longer than I should have.”
He follows Dean all the way to the garage where he grabs his bike helmet. “You’ve been drinking. Please, just stop, come back and talk.” Cas grabs Dean’s arm but Dean shakes him off.
“I like you,” Benny explains, sitting down opposite him at the table. “Ever since I set eyes on you, when you drove up the driveway in that sweet ride of yours, I knew you were something real special. And when I caught a whiff of your scent for the first time after you stopped taking those damn blockers, Lord. I’ve never been attracted to an omega’s scent before, Dean, but yours near as hell knocked me on my ass.”
Dean manages a nod. His mouth still thick with fake blood and throat rough with take after take of screaming.
Dean isn’t quite sure what the etiquette should be following the moment your wife informs you she’s divorcing you over dinner. It seems bizarre to go home together but that’s exactly what they do. As soon as they walk through the front door Dean strips out of his suit jacket, loosens his tie, grabs a bottle of whisky from the drinks cabinet, and heads into the den.
It takes another ten minutes to persuade Ben that he’s doing the best thing in staying where is. And another five to convince him to give his mom a chance to explain her side of things. By the time they finish the call Dean is drained. That’s probably the hardest phone call he’s ever had. And that includes calling Sam to tell him their dad had died.
Dean, like a dumbass, automatically glances up to see Cas standing in the doorway. Marv uses his distraction to take another swing, catching Dean right across the jaw again. It catches him unawares and hurts like a mother. And somehow gives Marv the time to dive for the knife lying on the floor a few feet away.
Dean doesn’t notice he’s swung his fist back to throw a punch until someone catches it. He’s so angry, the blood pounding in his ears, violence dancing in his fingertips, that he twists away out of their hold before he realizes it’s Cas.
Cas sits down at the opposite side of their large circular table. Though he’s dressed casually in his artfully hippy shirt and creased linen pants he still looks more at home here than Dean in his monkey suit. Even now, after years of eating in upscale restaurants, Dean feels more comfortable in diners and burger joints. He guesses you can take the boy out of the dive bar, but you can’t take the dive bar out of the boy.
Cas stills on the wooden bench beside Dean. His arm doesn’t shift from where it’s draped over Dean’s shoulders but the sudden tension in his muscles makes Dean regret opening his mouth.
It doesn’t take long before Charlie is seduced away from Dean’s side by Gilda with Dorothy trailing determinedly after them. It must be nice, Dean surprises himself by thinking, to know that someone wants you. Charlie certainly isn’t short on confidence as she beckons Dorothy to join them, laughing and enjoying the attention of both alphas.
“Your brother merely confirmed the suspicions that we already had,” exec number two interjects before Dean can call him on it. “Marv’s vision and the direction of this movie were not in line with what we expected. After the less than promising early cut, he was already under intense scrutiny.”
It’s even harder than he thought it would be to leave his family behind. To leave Sammy behind. Dean has to pull over and stop at the side of the road just fifteen miles outside town to talk himself down from a panic attack. He’s doing the right thing. He knows he is. He’s doing the only thing he can do. But that doesn’t stop his hands from shaking and the tears from pooling in his eyes. It takes nearly twenty minutes, a good cry (that he will never confess to anyone) and a lot of deep breathing before he’s finally on his way again, Metallica vibrating through his bones and drowning out his thoughts.
“I’ll find out, young man.” Mrs Spangler grins, jogging away in the direction of her hyperactive terrier.
Tonight was just too much. There was yet another party. Ash’s engagement party. And once again Dean felt like the odd man out. Sitting at the edge of the room, watching everyone else join in the celebrations. Cas was there. With Cain. And Benny. Dean stayed well away from them, not wanting to witness whatever cozy relationship bliss they have going on. And fucking terrified that one sniff of the three of them together would have Dean slicking up in his underwear like a desperate teenager.
When the waiter asks if they would like to see the dessert menu, Uriel refuses on behalf of them both, laughing with the supercilious asshole about Dean watching his weight. Dean is apoplectic, but instead of erupting like he normally would, he sits there with an icy smile trying to hide the murder in his eyes. He doesn’t want a fight; he just wants to get the hell out of there.
“No problem,” Ellen says, leading them through the restaurant to the small private dining area in the back. And then Dean doesn’t hear anything else she says because his mother is sitting right there at the table. Blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, crows’ feet at her eyes and laughter lines at the corner of her mouth.
She continues anyway, her tone growing more frantic by the word. “I knew I didn’t deserve you boys. Not now, after all this time. That’s why I didn’t try sooner. I admit I’d known for a few years who you were, where you both were. It wasn’t that hard to figure out. But you had every right to hate me for what I did. And I knew from what I’d read that you
Ellen stops outside his room. “I’m not saying this is a bad idea. I’m saying sleep on it. See how you feel in the morning.”
Cas scrunches his face up. Dean tries not to find the wrinkles that form across his forehead adorable. “That’s not… I don’t believe that’s true, Dean. I hope that’s not how you feel about being here.”
“Dean was just telling me about the non-asshole alphas he has met since his arrival here,” Cas supplies. “It seems as though they are in short supply.”
Garth pouts at him. “You’re going to be a tough nut to crack, I can already tell. Well, fine, if you’re sure, Mr. Grumpypants, but next time don’t be leading those poor alphas on.”
“Fine,” Cas repeats dryly, holding his hand out to Dean and yanking him up from the sofa. “I’ll go with you. I’m sure your friend Benny will be absolutely thrilled to have me tag along.”
Sam and Cas exchange heavy looks that only piss Dean off more. He’s fed up being kept in the dark and fed bullshit. “Tell me,” he repeats. It’s a demand not a request. “If it’s not Alastair that’s got you both stressed out, what is it?”
At the end of the day, when his CO ordered him to pull the trigger on an innocent civilian, Cas did say no. He walked away, reported his senior officers, blew the whistle on the whole shady lot of them. Damn near ruined his life at the same time. His career-military parents disowned him, and only one of his brothers still talks to him. What Cas did took guts. Dean’s nothing but proud of him.
Dean’s trembling... anger, fear, adrenaline, coursing through his system. Time flickering like a bad dream at the edge of his consciousness. Cas takes a step towards him, hurt flickering in his eyes when Dean takes a step back.
Right, remember where he is. Not locked away in a basement. Not facing Alastair. Not fighting for his life. He’s on a film set. Surrounded by cameras. By dozens of people watching him melt down. Crack up. Dean breathes in deep and slow, only noticing how tight his chest is when air finally reaches his lungs. His shoulders slump. Exhaustion replacing the adrenaline pumping through his veins.
Dean huffs. He doesn’t even know why he’s being so combative about this. It’s not like he didn’t know what he was letting himself in for coming here. But suddenly, now he is here, away from his family, on his own for the first time ever, it all feels very real. And a little terrifying.
Cas stands up, and dumps his plate next to the kitchen sink. Not in the kitchen sink. Not in the dishwasher. Right next to the kitchen sink. “No,” Cas says. “I decided to give the family Christmas thing a miss. I’m not exactly full of the Holiday cheer this year.”
“And I’m sorry for not telling you about Alastair being back. Or Cas looking for him. But I still think it was the right thing to do.”
“So, I’m sorry,” Dean says. He knows it sounds grudging but suffering abject humiliation has a way of making him sound like a sulky four-year-old. “Didn't mean to spoil your night.”
They’ve met three times at the Den, and then the last time, Crowley took him for a drive in his flashy jaguar (which is a gorgeous vehicle, but not a patch on Dean’s baby) and then on to a diner which did amazing burgers. It was pretty much Dean’s idea of a perfect date. If not the perfect person to be on a date with.
Cas huffs, spine rigid despite Dean nuzzling against his neck. “I don’t like the way he looks at you,” he eventually admits, jaw so tense Dean’s not sure how the words escaped.
He happily leaves behind the car keys for the Prius that Lisa bought for his birthday the year before (and which he has driven exactly once), and the truck she bought him for their tenth wedding anniversary. Christ, even back then she was sleeping with Meg. It was probably a guilt truck.
Even exhausted and stressed, Dean can’t help but grin at his adorably pillow-creased face and ruffled hair. Cas is so effortlessly sexy it would be infuriating if he wasn’t Dean’s.
Dean grits his teeth. He hates being treated like a kid. It’s patronizing as hell especially when he hasn't had the chance to act like a kid in years.
Dean laughs. “Nah, I don’t care. There’s way worse out there, trust me. But, listen, I couldn’t bum a cigarette, could I?” The tell-tale scent of nicotine lingers on the guy’s clothes. There’s no way he doesn’t have smokes on him.
“I do not,” Dean retorts, indignantly. So, he prefers to actually have sex rather than talk about it. There’s nothing wrong with that.
“I met Meg while taking a theology class in my junior year and she introduced me to the joys of sex and drugs and…”
“You don’t think you and Lisa could sort the details of the divorce out between you?” Sam asks tentatively. “I mean, she cheated on you. She really doesn’t have a leg to stand on. You should be able to get a damn good settlement without too much of a fight. You helped her start the business after all. And you pretty much raised Ben single-handed.”
“Balthazar said you were charming, despite your shyness,” Ellen informs him, her disbelief obvious when she utters the word shyness.
Cas stops Dean just before he jumps up onto the stage, a hand on his arm, faces inches apart. “They love you. But not more than I do.” And right there in front of hundreds of people and cameras and journalists, Cas leans in and kisses Dean square on the lips.
Dean isn’t any more restrained, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair and tugging the soft strands with enough force to make Cas groan into his mouth.
Cas crosses the distance between them in a few strides, not stopping until he’s just inches away. “Merry Christmas, Dean,” he says, his voice rough and low, and reverberating through Dean’s body like an aftershock. He reaches his hand up to Dean’s face, ever so gently cups his bruised jaw, and presses a kiss to his lips, chaste and dry and brief. Dean shivers. The short hairs on the back of his neck prickling. His eyelashes flicker shut just for a second. Cas is staring at him when they open again.
“Dean,” Cas speaks up again. “Please calm down. Shouting at Sam isn’t helping. Your brother was simply trying to protect you from—”
This time though, when he stumbles up his trailer steps on heavy legs, opens the door and flicks on the light switch, he stops in his tracks.
And that’s just too good an opportunity to ignore. It’s probably not the best idea but Dean can’t help himself. “Ooh, do you want to spank me…
Thankfully, Annie and Debbie do work wonders and after a head massage from Donnie, coffee, lots of water and some painkillers, Dean is ready to face the rest of the crew. He ignores the sidelong glances and whispers, and sinks into the character of Jason Todd with even more relief than normal.
Charlie gives him another hug before pushing him towards the stairwell. She doesn’t ask what thing in the conservatory which leads Dean to suspect she knows and that’s why she just happened to be hanging around outside Dean’s door in time to catch him.
Cas doesn’t look happy about it, his mouth twitching into a frown. “Of course, Dean. You’re right, it’s very late. I’ll see you in the morning. Well, later in the morning.”
Cas pushed himself off Dean, turning to Jack with a raised brow. "I thought you said you would tell us before showing up," he said. His voice was collected, but Dean could see the red creeping up the back of his neck.
" Naomi said, shaking her head impatiently, "is for you to follow orders. Do as you're told. Come on now Castiel, you're only making this harder on yourself. It's simple really, kill Dean Winchester, and I'll let you go back. Until then," she smiled, and suddenly Castiel was reminded of what she had done back at Sodom and Gomorrah, "you're all mine."
The order came through clearly, leaving no room for interpretation or leeway, but when he saw Dean coming up to him he just, stopped. Castiel didn't raise his fists, didn't unsheathe his blade, and when Dean swung at him Castiel didn't move to defend himself. Pain shot across Castiel's face as Dean's fist made contact. He was vaguely aware that the blow would most likely leave a bruise, but right now he didn't care. They couldn't make him betray Dean, not again. He let Dean hit him over and over again, each blow a physical reminder of what he was fighting for. He could hear Naomi telling him to fight back, to kill him, could feel how much easier it would be to let himself sink back into the lull of following his orders and trusting that they were right and just.
The album moved on to something slow and the air in the room shifted. He wanted to ask if they could skip the song, but he saw how Jody swayed along to the woman's low crooning, and he decided to leave it alone.
Castiel reached down to cup Dean's face with one hand, the way he had done a million times with those facsimiles in heaven, but nothing he had done in Heaven compared to the relief he felt when he was able to heal Dean's wounds. Dean spoke, but before Castiel could hear what he said, he was pulled upwards to someplace he vaguely remembered.
Once again, please feel free to tell me if you spotted any grammatical errors or typos in this. I'm not great at proofreading from my laptop and sometimes a word or two will get mixed around.
"Two days from now. They were supposed to be here tomorrow, but apparently Claire got them all sidetracked."
"'atta girl," Dean chuckled. Okay, this could work. He could hand it off to Claire, lord knows the girl was always asking for something new to work on. This could give her a nice little hunt and get the itch of Dean's back at the same time.
Claire put a stop to that before Cas could even start. "He's God, right? It's not like I can actually hurt him."
Dean stepped back so Cas could give Jack a hug, a stupidly warm feeling rising up in his chest as he watched Cas wrap Jack in a warm embrace. Dean loved him. He loved both of them.
Dean's chest clenched at the words, the way it always did. Cas said them freely now, but sometimes Dean still struggled to return them even though the feeling was there. He'd never been exactly good with words. Flirting was easy, light quips and innuendo that rarely meant anything. This was harder, being with Cas, being
"Oh wait, I almost forgot," Sam said, setting his phone down on the table. "Jody called first thing this morning. Her and the rest of the girls are going to try and swing down this way sometime next week. Something about possible vamp case in Alabama." Dean vaguely remembered reading about that one the other day. Victims went missing for a few days and then were found in the middle of the town square completely exsanguinated. He was glad to hear the girls were working together for that one.
"Welcome to the family," he said, squeezing her shoulder before stepping back to let Jack give her a hug as well.
Dean. How had Castiel ever thought any of Naomi's imitations could even compare to the Dean Winchester in front of him. The Dean who was angry and loud and righteous and good and who
Judging by the sheer amount of food eaten by everyone, Dean would say that dinner was a success. They talked over their meals, and Dean brought out more than one round of beers from the fridge. Before they knew it, it was past midnight and they were all laughing as Claire told the story of how Kaia made the mistake of trying to teach her to paint, describing how Claire had somehow managed to get watercolor paint in her hair and given herself random color splotches for days afterwards. Kaia herself was yawning and leaning her head on Claire's shoulder, her eyes drifting closed. How had it gotten so late so quickly?
Dean knelt before him, his face a bloody mess as he gripped Castiel's arm, begging him to stop. This had happened before, so many times now. Dean, in front of him, pleading for his life; Castiel, ready to deliver the final blow and end it all.
This wasn't real. Cas was dead. Dean watched him die. This was another trick, some shapeshifter or demon or djinn must have finally gotten the drop on him because there was no way that this was Cas in front of him. "Who are you?" Dean snarled, trying to yank his wrists out of the fake Castiel's grip.
"Hello, Dean," Cas whispered in his ear. Dean felt Cas's hands drift down to rest on his hips, and somehow Dean found himself with his arms around Cas's shoulders with no memory of having put them there. Cas couldn't dance and neither could Dean, so they ended up standing in place, swaying to the music. Dean was right, Cas
Dean typed back. He almost hoped Sam said yes. Almost. He glanced over at Cas, who was trying to understand something on Claire's phone. It was fine, it didn't count if he was offering to help his brother. Cas would know better than to get in the way of that.
"As long as they don't set the universe on fire, everyone will be fine," Jody said from behind them, wringing out a dishcloth. "Now, lets finish this up before they have enough time to really get in trouble."
Tags will be added with each chapter that requires a new one so as to avoid spoilers as this is being released, and I will issue warnings for anything that might come up.
They followed Sam downstairs, Cas and Eileen laughing as they watched Sam and Dean lug the grocery bags into the kitchen and begin unloading what would hopefully be their dinner for the next week or two. Cas and Eileen sat at the table while Dean and Sam did all the actual hard work.
Cas handed his bags to Sam, using his now free hands to sign quicker with Eileen. He must have said something funny because Eileen turned back to face Dean, looked him up and down, and then laughed. Cas winked at him and Dean felt his face heat up. Okay so maybe he
"That's more than one question," Dean joked. Claire raised an eyebrow and crossed her arms, waiting for an answer. Dean decided to be honest. "Cas," he answered, "we promised to be done with all of that. No more hunting. No more dying. No more getting hurt on each other's behalf."
"Don't you go getting sappy on me just because I'm going to be your sister-in-law. I can and will still kick your ass."
"Right. Like that would ever happen," Jody laughed. "Donna's up taking care of her niece, Alex didn't want to take off work and Patience has school- although I'm pretty sure they just wanted the house to themselves for a few days."
Dean threw a pillow at the door and immediately regretted the action as there was nothing to cover his ears with to drown out Sam's nagging. Cas seemed just as happy to ignore the increasingly annoyed voice from the other side of the door as he pulled Dean closer to him.
The sound of oil splattering snapped him out of his reminiscing as he hurried to make sure he hadn't inadvertently burned the bacon while he was waltzing down memory lane. Sam may be on a health kick, but nothing was stopping Dean from eating his goddamn bacon. He flipped the first few pieces and turned his attention to the dwindling stock of the fridge. They'd have to make another supply run today. He settled on using up the last of the eggs, cracking them into a bowl so he could mix them and pour them onto a pan. He felt a hand settle on his hip as a Cas rested his chin on Dean's shoulder, pressing up against him.
Dean couldn't help but laugh at the indignant look on Sam's face. He was laughing, he was laughing, he was laughing but the voice coming out of his mouth wasn't his. The voice wasn't coming from his mouth, it was coming from inside his head and he didn't know this voice, he'd never heard it before but it was as familiar as his own. It belonged in his head. It was coming out of his mouth. He couldn't hear it. He never wanted to hear it again. He was so cold. Water dripped down his face in maddening single drops, but he was dry even though he could feel the cold liquid seeping into his skin. He heard voices, Sam and Jack and Eileen, but they were so far away and he couldn't make them out. He tried to focus, but the laughing in his head was so
"I don't know about you guys," Jody said abruptly, standing up and rolling her shoulders back, "but I'm starting to get hungry. I'm going to be in the kitchen if anyone needs me."
Dean's eyes snapped open as he automatically reached for the gun under his pillow. Nothing. Shit. He fumbled for something, anything he could use as a weapon, but strong hands grabbed his wrists and held him still. He was soaking wet and freezing, shaking from the cold. Where the hell was he? He looked around the dimly lit space, trying to make sense of what was happening. He was in his room, in his bed, and there was somebody in there with him. Blue eyes met his as the grip around his wrists strengthened. Dean started shaking again, but this time not from fear.
The playful chatter resumed over the table. Sam and Eileen were obnoxiously adorable. Dean had heard the filthiest things come out of that woman's mouth, but when Sam called her beautiful as he recounted the events of their date the night before, Eileen actually blushed. Then she punched Sam in the shoulder, and all was right with the world.
Jack had to leave all too soon. He rarely appeared for more than a day at a time. Running heaven was a full-time job, and Dean knew that they needed him up there. That didn't make it any less hard to say goodbye.
Okay, I have never written anything resembling smut before and I am also very much a lesbian who isn't attracted to men at all so this was a shot in the dark. I hadn't planned on writing the scene at the beginning of the chapter, but it felt like it would fit the story and the direction I was taking it.
"Ew," Sam said, "can you two not be disgustingly adorable for five minutes? I just want to eat breakfast in peace."
"Sam is not still asleep." Sam's voice sounded from around the corner. His hair was completely disheveled, sticking out at angles that should have been impossible.
"If I ever break his heart, I'll hand you the gun to shoot me myself," Dean replied, only half joking.
Right, right he knew that. Sam sent a text this morning saying he was heading out, and then Jack had decided that he wanted to make a smoothie using Sam's machine and Dean made him clean up after the lid popped off and smoothie exploded everywhere. Dean didn't know how he'd forgotten.
“I’m not suggesting you aren’t fine, Dean. But as you can imagine, it’s not easy for us to pinpoint the omegas who need extra help, that’s why we follow the same routine with everyone. So, as much as it pains you, I’d be grateful if you’d just put up with the medical appointments we have set up for you tomorrow and let us ensure we have a care plan in place.”
“So, my question is for Mr. Elba,” Dean starts, trying to keep his smirk out of his voice. There’s already a whisper snaking through the hall. “Don’t you think that Batman is getting... I don’t know... kind of long in the tooth? That maybe it’s time he hung up his shiny cape and pointy ears and let someone a little younger, a little better-looking, a little better
Uriel steeples his fingers together and hums. “And why, Dean Winchester, would it not be a good idea? You are an unmated omega and I am a wealthy respectable alpha. You should be grateful I wish to pursue you.”
a problem with a client that only Cas can deal with. A problem that’s resulted in his absence for the past two days.
Now that the thought has occurred to him though, the thought of Cas out there on his own so close to that murdering sonofabitch, has entered his head, Dean needs answers. “Who knew what you were doing? Who’s the ‘we’ in all of this? Did Alfie know? Hester?” Dean would feel slightly mollified if Cas’s team at least knew what was going on.
“This is not a joke,” Cas replies tersely without taking his eyes off his cell phone. He doesn’t have much of a sense of humor when it comes to death threats. Dean is getting used to them to be honest. And this one is a bit too ridiculous for him to take seriously. Or maybe he’s just passed his limit on stressing out about this bullshit.
"Oh, like you have any room to judge," Dean said, gesturing between Eileen and Sam. "Eileen, when are you moving in officially? You're already here most days of the week."
“Are you gonna give me that order or do I need to read your mind?”, Castiel’s boss barks from out of the kitchen.
Dean stands up and reaches out for Cas. Cas prefers the kitchen over his own room, but maybe Deans room will do it for tonight.
Cas smiles, kind of shyly. “I like to go here occasionally. All of these”, he touches the nearest frame – one showing Dean stepping into a house, where the sprinklers are flooding the whole space, “are stories with different premises. Sometimes it’s pleasant to see what could be, if-“
Dean comes closer to him. “You tell me! Isn’t this your dream walking thing going on?” Dean doesn’t allege that this – whatever the hell it is – is something that could go on in his head. Not at all! After all he just passes a picture of Cas with colored wings and a torn halo and what the fuck? But he remembers it, the warm feeling when Cas came to him in his dreams. The certainty that nothing around him is real, except for him and Cas.
Then Dean actually stops. Because on top of it all (of the two of them watching the night sky at the ocean at one end and Cas slow dancing with him at a wedding at another) there is a picture of Charlie now, dressed in an absurd Pikachu bikini and laughing mischievous. She seems happy and lighthearted, as if nothing could go wrong.
Dean has different ideas to end Cas’ sentence, be he stays silent. He’s overwhelmed with all of this. The further they go, the more impressions rush in on him and he doesn’t know how to handle this. There is a woozy feeling in his stomach when they pass a story, where Cas just steps closer to Dean an kisses him. It takes everything in Dean not to stop and stare at what is happening there. He’s not sure of what to make of all this. Is he supposed to be happy, because apparently there are thousands of versions of Cas and him where they made it, where they are happy and riding on unicorns under goddam rainbows?
He patted Sam on the back and then pulled Eileen into a crushing hug. For a tiny girl, she certainly gave as good as she got, and Dean was pretty sure he felt a rib creek as she squeezed her arms around his chest. He pressed a kiss to the top of her head before pulling away.
"Where's Sam?" Dean asked her, "did he go running this morning or did you tire him out too much last night?"
Dean reached and grabbed Eileen's hand and yep, that was definitely a ring on her hand. It was a simple silver band with three clear gems in the middle. Dean looked at Eileen's hand, then at Eileen, then back to Eileen's hand, then to Sam, and then Dean was practically jumping over the countertop to get to Sam and pull him into a hug. He could hear Cas congratulating them in the background as he squeezed his brother's shoulders. His little Sammy,
He clicked on the link. A local news site opened up in a new tab. Dean glanced over both shoulders before turning his attention back to the computer screen.
"Okay, Claire that's enough," Jody cut in, setting the duffle bags on top of the map table. "I think he gets the message."
The white light from the computer screen was giving him a headache, and the only noise in the bunker was the faint whirr of the fans and the not-so-gentle pounding of his own heartbeat. Dean wasn't made for quiet, not this motionless heavy thing that sat around him like fallen branches at the bottom of a lake. Dean had always dreamed of peace, of stillness, of a life where they could stop and bask in the silence of a safe world; but after so many years of noise, of voices calling through hallways and footsteps on the other side of the door, silence was a threat. Silence was a reminder-
Claire insisted on their innocence, claiming that it wasn't their fault items in the bunker hadn't been properly labeled and they had no way of possibly knowing that opening a specific vase would unleash a small amount of Greek fire into the hallway. They'd managed to put it out before any major damage happened- thanks to Cas and his
Jody was at the top of the stairs, carrying an impossible number of bags on her arms. Dean held out his arms and Jody unceremoniously dumped three of the five duffle bags in his arms, nearly throwing him off balance as he brought them down to where everyone was gathered around the map table.
He knew it wasn't Dean, not really. This fake thing that they had made didn't have Dean's soul, couldn't even begin to imitate the brilliance of it or the way it flares and reaches out to him. But it was Dean's eyes and Dean's voice calling out to him, and Castiel couldn't do it.
He turned back to his computer and did what every hunter does when they're feeling restless: started looking for a new case. He could hear Cas's voice in his head berating him for literally going looking for trouble the second he left the house. Dean promptly ignored it. He wasn't searching for very long before a headline caught his eye:
Cas and Dean jumped apart. Claire was standing at the entryway, one hand covering's Jack's face and her own eyes squeezed shut, her whole face scrunched in disgust.
"Yes. That. You've grown too attached, Castiel. Ever since you brought Dean Winchester out of Hell, your Grace has been in chaos. Can you not see what your loyalty to him has cost you? He has stolen you away from Heaven, from your responsibilities, from your family." Naomi smiled at him, a warm and inviting smile that Castiel remembered from days long past, where they fought side-by-side, the Heavenly Host united. "We want you to come back to us Castiel, rejoin Heaven and be a part of our family again."
"I'm happy for you guys," Dean said, "it's about time that you settled down Sammy. Although I thought Eileen had better taste."
He set the phone down on the end table, leaning over to turn off the lamp. Cas copied him, and soon they were submerged in darkness save for the crack of light under the doorframe. It was Cas who moved first, who dragged Dean underneath the blankets and pulled him close, wrapping his arm around Dean's waist. Dean buried his face into Cas's chest. Sure, the sex was nice- the sex was fucking fantastic actually- but
Dean closed his eyes, letting himself drift off to sleep. Knowing there would be more bad dreams. No matter how good his life was now, he could always count on nightmares to keep him company. A chill crept through the room, pushing through the blankets and onto Dean's skin, making him shiver and curl up slightly at the sudden loss of warmth. Cas pulled him closer, pressing a kiss to Dean's forehead.
"Because..." Cas trailed off. He turned to Dean in a clear plea for help. Dean shrugged and walked away, leaving Cas to defend himself in what was clearly a losing battle.
"Not right now," Dean agreed. Another pang of guilt ran through him as Cas pressed a kiss to the back on Dean's neck.
It was past midnight and at that point Dean had given up any thoughts about Sam coming back to the bunker tonight. Jack had gone to sleep hours ago, and Cas was sitting on the bed with Dean as they both scrolled absently on their phones. Dean knew he shouldn't be looking for cases, but old habits die hard, and there were always other hunters calling them for a new hunt. Which is why, he justified to himself, it was more than okay for him to be looking into this specific case. Just so that he could give it to someone else.
"Come on Dean, lets go back to sleep." Cas gently guided them both down, wrapping his arms around Dean and pulling him close so that their chests were pressed together. Dean closed his eyes, breathing in the mix of clean bedsheets and stale air and everything Cas, and let himself drift back to sleep. It was over, they were safe.
Dean felt a shiver creep down his spine as he placed the last of the plates in the sink to deal with in the morning, and he thought he felt a drop of water creep down his face, but when he reached up, there was nothing there. He forced himself to exhale. He was just being paranoid. He walked out the doorway to go join Cas in their warm bed and get away from the freezing halls.
"I must say Castiel, I am rather disappointed in you." Castiel looked up from where he held Dean's body, holding it closer to him as he met Naomi's eyes. She snapped her fingers and Dean was gone. No blood. No body. No trace he had ever existed. Castiel looked down at his now-empty hands, they were clean, too clean. It wasn't real, it had never been real. Anger surged within him, white-hot and blinding. He lunged for the blade on the ground and spun to his feet, immediately crouching down into a fighting position. Naomi's eyes flashed, and while Castiel saw the woman in front of him that she was possessing, he also saw her true form, saw her rear up and watched her lioness' head snarl. Every fiber of her being was ready for battle at a moment's notice, and Castiel knew that this would be a fight he could not win. He sheathed his blade but didn't relax. His eyes frantically scanned the room for an exit, but he found nothing. Naomi must have made this place specifically for him, to keep him trapped there until she said otherwise.
okay with the way Cas's arms wrapped around him and pulled him close in bed, with the tangle of legs and the rising of Cas's chest against him.
"Kill him." The order came through clearly. Castiel's jaw clenched and he tightened his hold on Dean, pressing the blade up against Dean's neck. Castiel expected Dean to fight back, but instead he relaxed, leaning back against Castiel.
Dean would be lying if he hadn't wondered that exact same thing. Jack cut in before Cas could begin to answer. "Because Castiel is my father, and I learned that children are supposed to resemble their parents. I am four years old." Jack held up four fingers.
"Actually," Sam cut in, pausing at the counter, "I was going to take Eileen out for dinner tonight."
There it was. Evidence. Just enough that Dean was pretty sure he was on to something here. He picked up his phone to call Sam. He'd want to hear about this one, maybe even tag along. It would be just like old times, a good family hunting trip.
The air shifted as Dean sat down at the table, where everyone had been talking lightheartedly about Sam and Eileen's date the night before, now they stared at him in concern. Dean clenched his fist. He thought that he might punch something if they kept looking at him like that. Cas grabbed his clenched hand underneath the table, smiling like they were the only people in the room. He tugged gently on Dean's hand until his fist relaxed and Cas intertwined their fingers. Dean was lost in him. Lost in his smile and in the light of his eyes and the weight of Cas's hand in his.
Dean cursed himself as Cas left the room. He hated this. He hated going behind everyone's back like this. It wasn't fair to Sam, it wasn't fair to himself, it certainly wasn't fair to Cas. He'd asked one thing, when he got back, and that was that there would be no more lies. There were too many deceptions and half-truths between them to keep going like they had. Dean glanced out the door where Cas had left and considered the cost of calling him back in and telling him everything right now. He opened his laptop started typing.
Cas smiled that beautiful gummy smile, and Dean was hit with an overwhelming pang of guilt. "You're very nice. A lot of the time." He squeezed Dean's shoulder. "I'll... I'll leave you be, then. Good luck with your planning."
, if Dean wasn't hard already he certainly was now. For someone who had next to no sexual experience before this, Cas certainly knew what he was doing. He knew how to move his hand up and down Dean's dick and exactly how much pressure to add, and it would have been embarrassing how close Dean already was had he any thoughts that were more than one word long. Cas was getting close too, judging by the way he was pushing against Dean's ass. Dean flipped over so he could face Cas. Without saying a word he shoved Cas's pants down and took both their dicks in his hand. Cas let out a sigh of relief at the contact and went straight for Dean's mouth, nipping at Dean's bottom lip. Dean kept rubbing his hand against their dicks, reveling in the look of pleasure on Cas's face as Dean moved his hand faster. God, he was so
Dean looked around the room, a warm feeling swirling in his chest. This here, this was everything he had ever wanted. Sam, happy and engaged to a beautiful, smart, and terrifying woman; Cas at Dean's side where he belonged, and Jack with his entire family surrounding him.
"Don't think you're getting out of this one," Jody warned, pointing a finger at Dean. Kaia returned back to her post, swaying back and forth as the song ended and moved to the next one, the same high voice filling the air in a slightly faster tempo. Without warning, Jody was grabbing Dean's arm, pulling on him until he gave in and joined her. She took his hand, and Dean didn't protest the way he might have, the way that every instinct in his body was telling him to. Jody was smiling at him, Dean was pretty sure he was smiling back. Dean had never learned how to dance, not really. Part of being a hunter meant never letting your guard down, and that was exactly what dancing did. He remembered a hunt he'd been on. Werewolf. There'd been a guy there, really cute. They'd flirted and he'd tried to get Dean on the dance floor. It worked. Dean had a good time until he walked out an hour later and found the wolf in a back alley with the guy's heart in between its teeth. Dean shook his head and forced his body to relax and go with the movement. He let Jody lead him around, following the rhythm with something that might have somewhat resembled a swing dance had Dean been paying any attention to what his feet were doing or known to recognize the pattern. The song ended all too quickly, and Jody laughed as she dropped his hand and they returned to their tasks.
Dean filled her in on all the details he could remember off the top of his head, the place, the murders, what he thought was doing it.
Cas was crouching over him, one hand on Dean's cheek and one hand on his shoulder. "Dean," he said, his voice wavering, "Dean are you okay? Dean, please talk to me."
Dean breathed out his name with a sigh. He didn't say anything else, just "Cas," just the name that he had given Castiel. He jerked back, a dozen memories flashing before him as he scrambled backward, trying to get away from Dean, from Naomi, from wherever he was right now.
Cas and Claire were still going at their little family argument. "Claire, he's not actually your brother," Cas started.
"Kill him." Castiel heard the voice coming from somewhere behind him, cold and commanding, but as far as he could tell there was no one else there other than him and the thing that was and wasn't Dean.
Castiel watched himself do it. He watched his hand tighten around the blade, watched himself plunge it into Dean's chest, felt Dean's blood run over his hands.
"Why all the secrecy? I mean, couldn't you just tell Sam or Jody to go look into it? And why did you wait until now to ask?"
"Cas? What-" Dean was cut off as Cas pulled him into a hug, practically cradling Dean against his chest. Dean clung to Cas, holding him tightly, not caring that Sam, Eileen, and Jack were all staring at him.
be related. Dean would only run in two situations: running towards a monster or running away from one.
Jack, for his part, seemed to have imprinted on Claire, hanging onto her every word like it was gospel- which Dean couldn't help but see the irony of. Claire did not seem to mind this
Eileen turned to Sam, a silent conversation passing between them. Sam's eyes kept glancing between Dean and Eileen at a speed that Dean didn't think was humanly possible. If Dean didn't know better, he'd say Sam looked
"Most of the time," Jack corrected himself, scrunching up his nose. "Don't tell them I said this, but the angels are... not as fun as you guys." He looked around like one of them might have been listening.
down for this. Dean loved morning sex, always had, and morning sex with Cas was always something worth waking up for. Cas pushed down Dean's sweatpants, wrapping one hand around his dick as he began to grind against him and
Sam was smiling down at his phone, completely transfixed by whatever conversation he was having. He chuckled and began typing furiously, his protein shake half forgotten.
There was a loud bang from down the hall that stopped Dean before he could reply. Curses travelled down the hall, and Dean looked at Jody and sighed. "Kids. Can't leave them alone for ten minutes without blowing something up."
"My mission? My mission was to rescue the Righteous Man. I would say that I have done more than well in that regard."
A chill travelled down his spine as he stepped into the hall. The hairs on his arms rose and for a a second Dean thought he smelled something almost like iodine. Damn. He really needed to get about fixing the air-conditioning in this place.
"Hey Kaia," Dean smiled at her. They'd gotten off to a rough start, but Dean liked the kid. She was tough. She looked better now than she had when he first met her. Not as gaunt, not as tired. Hell, she might have even grown an inch.
Eileen pulled out the gallon of orange juice that Sam had insisted on buying yesterday and sat on the counter after pouring herself a glass.
Dean shook his head. What the hell was he thinking? They were done with hunting. They'd agreed: saving Cas would be their last case. If they caught something they could send it along to the next capable hunter and, "Enjoy the world we've worked so hard to save," as Cas said at the time. But still, there was definitely
"Interesting." Naomi was standing next to Dean, her hand on his shoulder. Castiel tensed, frozen in place as she ran her fingers down Dean's jaw. "Normally the reprogramming kicks in right away, it's certainly always been like that for you. Then again, I forgot to factor in how... headstrong you can be when it comes to Dean Winchester." Naomi shifted, cupping Dean's face in her hands, before Castiel could react she twisted her hands in one sharp movement and Dean collapsed to the floor.
He couldn't think, couldn't see, couldn't move. Why couldn't he move anymore? He had been standing just a minute ago, hadn't he? It felt like he hadn't moved in days. Dean's arms were numb and he was so, so, cold and all he wanted was to be warm again, but the voice was laughing and he didn't want to know what would happen when it stopped. It wouldn't be good. The voice was so loud, and Dean thought he could never escape it. It rang through his head and vibrated in his chest and all Dean wanted was for it to get out, but he couldn't because it was there, it was there and Dean couldn't think, couldn't breathe. He was trapped. He was back in Hell. He knew it. He was back in Hell and this time he wouldn't be coming back. There would be no angel to rescue him this time, and he was back in hell and the demons were laughing at him. Dean was screaming. Dean was laughing. He was laughing but the voice coming out of his mouth wasn't his.
Dean bites at his lip. He doesn’t know what to say that won’t make him sound like a needy kid. These alphas look so at home together. Completely at ease and attuned to one another. From where Dean’s standing it doesn’t look like there’s room for him. Or need.
Dean began running through the usual checklist. So far his bets were on shifter, vamp, or ghoul. There was always the possibility that it was just a regular human serial killer too, in which case Dean was going to have to step back and let the police do their jobs. But maybe...
"No can do." Dean turned back to Cas and gave him an overexaggerated kiss on the lips to prove his point. Cas rolled his eyes, but didn't pull away.
Claire smiled then, and once again, Dean was shocked by how much she looked like Cas. He couldn't imagine that smile coming from Jimmy. "Goodnight Dean." She hopped off the table and pulled him into a hug before leaving to go join her girlfriend.
Dean's hand froze, pulled back, ready to deliver the final blow. "I love you." The fist swung, and everything went black.
Look, I actually wrote a second chapter. Yes, there is actually a town in Michigan called Hell and it is a few hours away from where I live. Yes, it is fucking cold there.
Cas pulled Dean against him until he could feel Cas's already half-hard length pressing into him and oh, Dean was
going on here. He couldn't just let that go. He still had a job god damnit. He opened up a new tab and began to type "Ghost Stories Hell Michigan" when a tap on his shoulder made him nearly fall out of his seat.
Dean slammed the laptop shut, heat flooding the back of his neck. "Sorry, I-" he struggled, and then- "It's supposed, to be a surprise. You can't see it yet."
The main melody tapered off slowly, and Cas pulled Dean's head down and tilted him into a kiss as the last note rang. It was slow and sweet and Dean realized for the tenth time that day that he was an idiot for waiting so long when they could have had this the whole time.
Dean focused on the task in front of him, falling into the comfortable trance of scrambling, mixing, flipping, and repeat, until he had enough food for everyone and then some.
"I got better." Cas cracked a half smile, as if he was sharing a joke. "Jack brought me back, Dean, remember? He helped you bring me back." Dean took a long, shuttering inhale, trying to remember. He remembered Cas dying- although he doubted he could ever forget that part- he remembered defeating Chuck, remembered Jack taking all of God and Amara's powers and using it to set Amara free and bring everyone back, and then he'd taken off to do
"What do you want from me?" Castiel growled. His head was spinning, trying to remember where he was, what he was supposed to do. Briefly, he wondered if Sam and Dean were worried about him, but then he realized that they most likely didn't even know he was gone. He was alone.
“And I’m Benny.” The last of the group introduces himself, an unexpected southern lilt to his voice. “I’m mainly in charge of security around here.”
“Dean,” he says, in that soft sexy growl of his. “I think you’d better sit down before I forget that we are here to talk.”
Dean throws his arms out to his sides, imploring. “Come on, it’s just one day. One more day and then we’re out of here. And whoever I’ve pissed off this time will be in our rear-view mirror. Shit! God fucking damnit.”
Dean’s five and a half, nearly six, when his daddy bundles him into the Impala along with Sammy in his car seat and tells him they’re going to find a new home. A better one. One where there aren’t ghosts and demons to haunt them. It’s dark and Sammy’s snoring softly, head tucked against the cushion of his car seat when Dean realizes they’ve left behind his teddy bear. Bear is brown and soft and missing one ear and a half an eye because he got too close to the fireplace one night, and he’s Dean’s best friend in the world. Apart from Sammy.
It takes Dean nearly a week before he can face seeing Lisa again. A week of hiding out in the beach house and trying to avoid Cas as much as possible. Something he’s managed to do fairly successfully, partly because he spent most of the time holed up in his bedroom with the contents of the liquor cabinet and partly because Cas seems to spend most of his time doing yoga on the beach or working in his studio. When he’s not swimming laps or leaving his crap lying around that is.
Dean doesn’t think too much about his slightly sinister exchange with Cas until he’s woken up at four o’clock in the morning by what sounds like a winded cow bellowing downstairs.
“I’m not one to freely dish out advice,” Crowley says, walking towards the door. “But, I do have a vested interest in your wellbeing, and I can spot a man on the verge of a breakdown a mile off. And you, my friend, are hurtling towards an emotional car wreck.”
“And yet, here you are, trying to woo an omega loser, who only just scraped through high school, and can barely afford to buy gas for his car.”
“Do you really want to know?” Cas asks. Dean can tell by the set of his mouth that it’s not a throwaway retort; it’s a serious question.
“I don’t need some smug mated alpha trying to tell me what to do, so keep your nose out of my damn business,” he snarls, walking away, and ignoring Benny and Charlie calling out after him.
Cas tries to play peacemaker. “Charlie was worried about you, Dean. She sought Benny out to confess that she suspected you were with Crowley and possibly in danger. I, for one, am very glad we found you when we did.”
“And you need to come back to bed, Dean,” Cas says, nudging his face sleepily into the crook of Dean’s neck while keeping himself out from under most of the shower spray. “We miss you.”
After Ellen leaves him to his brooding, Dean still has an hour or so to kill before Uriel is due to pick him up. Sick of staring at the walls of his room, he makes an escape to the gardens. Even the riot of blooming flowers and chirping of birds do little to improve Dean’s frame of mind. He takes a meandering walk to his favorite spot by the pond, stopping to pick up a pancake-shaped stone, skimming it across the surface to the other side, then apologizing to a pair of ducks that rage at him for disturbing their peace.
Dean blinks in shock as he steps back. That’s almost an honest-to-God compliment from his father. He’s really not sure what to do with it.
“You shut your mouth,” Dean says, stubbornly finishing off the last scraping of delicious blueberry filling, before licking the spoon clean.
That explains the throbbing pain in his skull then. God, his neck feels like it has a major crick in it. Also, he thinks prodding experimentally at his jaw, his face fucking hurts. And what the hell… has he peed himself? His pants are disgustingly damp and weirdly warm. Oh god, Dean hasn’t pissed his pants since kindergarten and it was embarrassing enough back then. He’s never going to be able to go out in public again. He’s going to have to become a hermit. Maybe live in one of the dank caves on the beach. He’s sure he can persuade Cas to bring him down sandwiches occasionally. As long as it’s not those weird avocado concoctions Cas insists are good for him. It doesn’t matter how much he loves Cas, the dude will not persuade him that the greasy green vegetable is tasty.
He’s just so damn tired. He’s honestly lost track of all the things he needs to apologize to Cas for. He hopes he’s covered most of it.
With Sam’s help, he’d secured a scholarship, and that along with waiting tables in a decent restaurant had seen him through the first six months of school. Then a modeling-agency spotter had noticed him and a trickle of modeling gigs had helped pay his way until he met Lisa, found out she was pregnant, married her, and dropped out of school to raise her kid. Their kid.
Despite all the things they own, all the crap they’ve accumulated over eighteen years of marriage, it takes him only two car trips to pick up the stuff he wants to keep.
“But we haven’t even... I don’t…” Dean is having difficulties forming sentences now. “Lady, you’re insane.”
And yeah, okay, that’s fair. Gun control and school shootings actually were one of the reasons they had agreed to Ben moving so far away.
The short journey back to the Den in Cas’ goddamn monstrosity of a car is awkward to say the very least. If Dean’s dad had ever cared enough about where Dean was to drag him home when he was teenager, he imagines this is exactly what it would have felt like.
Dean does as he’s told. He plays with his balls while Alastair snaps away with his camera making encouraging noises. When Alastair tells him to lick his hand and jack his dick he doesn’t say no. He tilts his head back, closes his eyes and does as he’s told.
“Sure, if you want to,” Dean says. “If you don’t have piles of very important boss-type paperwork to do?”
It worked out well enough. Sometimes Meg and Lisa would spend the weekend there together, occasionally with Ben and Claire when the kids were younger. But, usually just the pair of them when they wanted a ‘girlie weekend’ or had an important meeting to prepare for.
“Am I?” Dean says, surprised. He supposes he is. It’s amazing the difference a straight eight hours of sleep can make. “I slept well,” he admits. “And it’s the last day of reshoots.”
So, instead of explaining why he’s going out with Uriel again, he lies, straight to her face, and says he wants to give the alpha one more shot.
Alastair already gave him a drink when he arrived. Dean’s not sure exactly what it was but it burned his throat like fucking acid. It did help him loosen up enough to strip out of his clothes though. And Dean can hold his liquor. One more shot of Dutch courage couldn’t hurt.
Cas snorts into his glass. “Yes, she will. Either that or to prison. She tends to walk a fine line.”
your ex-wife?” Gordon says, shaking his head. “Hell, boy, you were shooting way out of your league.”
Dean hadn't given any thought on how he would introduce Cas to Benny which in retrospect was a mistake. Roomie sounds a bit too frat boy for a forty-year-old and he’s not quite sure that friend covers it.
Thankfully Cas ignores him completely and concentrates very hard on taking Dean apart on his fingers instead. Sun Lotion might not be a recommended lube but Dean has no complaints. Until with no warning Cas stops, and removes his fingers from where they’re buried inside Dean’s ass, working the kind of magic that makes Dean want to write odes to his sexual prowess.
Sam stops beside him, takes the grey knitted beanie off his head, twists it in his hands before yanking it back down over his ridiculous floppy hair again.
“You want to join the others inside?” Benny asks. Dean’s not sure whether there’s more to the question. But he takes Benny's words at face-value because that’s the easiest thing to do.
“Dean?” Stuart says, meaty hand surprisingly gentle on Dean’s chest. “We’re gonna get you down, okay?”
Throwing himself down on his bed, Sam sighs with teenager dramatics. “I know you have to go, Dean, I’m not an idiot. It’s just that, well, I’m really gonna miss you. I wish you didn’t have to go through all this. It’s not fair.”
“It’s been pretty awesome, right?” Charlie grins up at him. Dean’s heart swells a little just seeing how happy she is. “And Gilda and Dorothy look totally hot!”
“Yes, well,” Cain says, picking his serviettes off his lap and wiping his fingers on it. “Perhaps if Benny, Cas and I had acted on our feelings sooner, you wouldn’t have felt the need to go searching for what you thought you were lacking.”
“Speaking of cute,” Charlie says. “How adorable are you four with your matching bow ties and vests?”
Cas pauses and considers his answer before replying, his words slow and careful. “After what he did to you, I’d be lying if I said the thought of killing Alastair hadn’t crossed my mind. Repeatedly.”
“Dude,” Ash interjects. “You’re wasting your breath. They love parties around here. Any excuse is good enough. They threw a birthday party for Garth’s hand puppet a couple of weeks ago.”
They exchange a glance that says I love you and I’m here for you and holy shit, what the fuck are we doing, far more eloquently than a Hollywood writer could manage with ten pages of script. And then Dean opens the restaurant door.
“I’m glad you think so,” Crowley drawls. “Let’s just hope that make-up can work some kind of miracle.”
“Tomorrow,” Charlie says. “We’re spending tonight in the honeymoon suite of some super-duper posh hotel, courtesy of Gilda’s parents. It’s gonna be freaking awesome.”
“And a weapon apparently,” Cas says, finishing a call and slipping his cell back into his coat pocket.
“Dean Winchester admits to having feelings while stone cold sober. I never thought this day would come.”
Like Sammy said, not every omega dies of heat sickness if they don’t find a compatible mate. Dean’s given this Omega Den thing a shot, he doesn’t fit in, and he’s fucking miserable. He’d rather take his chances on his own than waste the next God knows how long stuck in this pretty prison.
“You’ve just been following him, that’s all?” After two years of looking, Cas found Alastair, the guy that almost killed him, and he did nothing but stand back and watch him. Dean finds that hard to believe.
Objections forgotten now he’s finally balls deep inside of Dean, Cas takes up the challenge with enthusiasm. And he’s a goddamn expert at nailing Dean just right, angling his hips and brushing the spot that makes Dean’s cock leak all over his belly.
It’s a wonder they managed to wrap shooting without trading blows. Well, without publicly trading blows. There was a slight altercation behind the catering truck that the producers legally banned Dean, Marv and the handful of witnesses from talking about. But three weeks behind schedule and a million or two over budget, they had finished filming and Dean thought that was that... bar the awkward press junket when he would have to pretend to love the movie and not rant about how Marv the Moron had ruined an amazing character.
“We thought about it,” Lisa admits. “About telling you and Cas. We’d decided more than once that we had to come clean, to stop lying. But then Jimmy disappeared and Cas ended up with Claire, and Meg couldn’t just leave him. We tried to end things between us then. And we managed… for a few months. The next time we decided we had to tell you, Jess died and you were doing all you could to keep Sam afloat, and I couldn’t face hurting you any more than you were already hurting. And then your dad died. And Sam hooked up with that bitch, Ruby. And god, you were so down, Dean. And then the kids were teenagers and we figured, we figured life was tough enough without their parents divorcing.”
Uriel takes Dean to a restaurant that’s too stuffy for Dean’s tastes. He can feel the waiters looking down their noses at him when he can't pronounce what he wants from the menu. To his annoyance, Uriel ends up taking over and ordering for him, his supercilious tone has Dean digging his fingers into his thighs to stop them curling into fists. Dean hates the too dry white wine that Uriel orders for both of them and can barely bring himself to eat the meal. It’s just as well the portions are tiny because it still looks as though Dean has eaten some of it when the plates are taken away. His stomach by that point is in knots, anxiety and Uriel’s sour scent having combined in the worst way.
Dean’s surprised for about a millisecond. And then he remembers this is Cas, the guy who had a threesome with Dean’s wife and used to take part in orgies. He shrugs. “And you figure you’re getting lucky tonight?”
“Budapest,” Cas says, pride shining in his eyes. “She posted some new photos on Instagram a couple of hours ago. Did you see them?”
“You are,” Ellen replies firmly. “Your physical and mental wellbeing are very important to us. It’s vital that you have regular check-ups. Look, Dean, you seem like a sensible young man, let me be blunt with you. When they first come here a lot of omegas have certain issues. Maybe they’ve been mistreated by parents who didn’t want an omega child, maybe they’ve been bullied by their siblings or peers, or subjected to abuse by certain religious groups. Maybe they’ve just been plain neglected. A lot of omegas have never even had a chance to talk to a doctor who specializes in omega care.”
