“Right” John says cautiously. "You solved it in ten minutes just from hearing to Ms. William´s story and reading the case files?"
The man wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.  "What about it?" he grunts, "the police told me the case was done with."
“I must have done something wrong!” Glen Reese wails. “I did something bad or I wasn’t… I wasn’t good enough.  How can he say I’m not what he wants?  I thought we were so happy together and now he’s broken the Bond, and, oh God, I can’t… I can’t breathe, I can’t live without him.”
“Well,” John shrugs, “I could be wrong, or the mutilation has been necessary for some other purpose and the perpetrator had to just contend themselves with leaving a poor impression of the ceremony.”
“Yes, right. I’m sorry to trouble you, but might I use the loo for a moment?” Glen Reese asks sheepishly.
"We'll need to get forensic down here," Lestrade says.
John shuffles his feet a little and drags a hand across his face, clearly having an internal monologue with himself. Probably cursing Mycroft.
“I don’t either of us believe in coincidences any more,” Molly replies, “he was even found in Baker Street, wasn’t he and…today of all days.”
Sherlock closes his eyes against the sudden onslaught of memories of the masked assailant grabbing John and pulling him away from Sherlock. Sherlock hadn’t even registered that he allowed his biology and his instincts to dictate his response. He thinks of the dark, roaring rage that took hold of him, how his inner Alpha released a churning vortex of rage and anger at anyone who dared to touch what is his.
“Good morning,” he says and presses his lips softly to John’s cheek.
How could Mycroft think, even for a second, that John was part of this deception?
The victim is in his mid thirties, beyond that, his age it’s impossible to tell. It’s a round face, almost doughy and there is the telltale sign of early baldness visible on the top of his head, even if he has tried to cover it with a short, clean, haircut. He can see the contour of the muscles of the windpipe and the esophagus and the wooden splinters embedded in them.
Even in the confines of his tiny office in the small village of Grantown On Spey, she still won’t say his name.
In the room, there are two metal chairs, a slim table between them and a recording device along the far end of the wall. On the left side of the wall is what John recognizes from being on the other side of it: a one-way mirror. He knows, without a doubt that Sherlock is on the other side, studying him.  John wonders what sight he must be, trembling in fright, his clothes in disarray, the slight limp to his gait and his left-hand clenching and unclenching. What is Sherlock deducing from this?
“Do you want me to stand down the police investigation?”
Twenty minutes passes in terse silence while Donovan attaches a tiny camera to a tripod and fixes a cordless microphone on the attending coroner. Meanwhile, Sherlock hovers in the corner, a dark spectre with carnivorous eyes fixed on the packed.
All John had wanted was to be left alone with his life and to keep his biology a secret.
John asks.
How this all, somehow, seems bigger than just the murder of Doctor Fenway.
"Mum" John cries and wrings away from her embrace and rearranged his hair to his satisfaction. Only two years later he will regret thinking he was too old to be cuddled by his mother. He will regret a lot of things.
He crawls into the back of the ambulance, the siren blares and the vehicle pulls into the early London traffic. John finds Mrs. Hudson’s hand, the cartilage in her hand dark against her pale skin.
Have an early, but unbeated chapter, all you lovely folks. Thank you for your support!
After a light meal, Mrs. Hudson excuses herself and John can see the emotional turmoil written in her exhausted posture. Sherlock dismisses her insistent words that she can manage the stairs quite on her own and follows her back down to her own flat.
A little after four pm, Sam grows hungry and fussy and John bids Sherlock farewell. He bundles Sam up in his green coat and hat and helps Sam to navigate his hands into a pair of dark blue mittens. They wave at him in the doorway before they disappear down the corridor and the consulting detective tries not to feel how incredibly empty his hospital room suddenly is.
“Yes,” John says, turning away to hide his expression from the detective inspector. “I’ll need my suppressants.”
Courtney bristles but manages to curl her anger into her fists and to keep it there. Getting into an altercation with the insurance agent will do nothing to help her cause. She offers him a tight, venomous smile as he bids her a good day. There are other ways to get even.
The cab driver turns to them, waiting for instructions, but Sherlock just waves him off. With a broad shrug the driver blinks his way into the traffic and turns down the street towards Knightsbridge.
“This is an-“ Lestrade tries.
Thank you for the overwhelming support I´ve received for part two of this story. I apologise for the expositions, but there´s some gaps to fill and a plot to get moving.
Christ, he can’t even finish the thought.
Sherlock is about to grab the door handle, when DI Lestrade grabs his elbow. “Hold on, you’ve got to wear these.” He throws a pair of blue nitrile gloves at him and a pair to John who snaps them on with practiced ease.
John listens to Doctor Collin’s tacit explanation of Mrs. Hudson’s condition. But John’s a doctor himself and reads the subtext. Potential damage to the lung, great vessels and the mediastinum. There is also her age to consider, her body is not as agile, there may be unforeseen complications. Diagnosis is difficult at this stage, but she will return with information as soon as the patient is assessed. If she has any family, John should call them.
The tightness twists around his heart as he stares and stares at all the toys.
“How you figured it all out,” John beckons. Sherlock won’t let anything slip, but maybe John can get some new information and puzzle things together.
“Good afternoon.” He smiles but gets only a grunt in return as Burrell collapses into the chair. “I’m Doctor Wilson. Doctor McDonald, your primary physician, thought I might be able to help you.”
“I guess you’re going to write me up,” Burrell says, his voice small and faint.
Now he is an Omega. He´d have to submit himself to a life on Suppressants and society´s stigma. Everyone would think he was powerless, somebody who needs an Alpha to take care of him. In a few days he´d go into his first proper Heat and spend four days in agony unless he submits himself to an Alpha and let him-
“I’ve nothing to do with Doctor Fenway’s murder. Either arrest me or let me go.” John mutters harshly, but there´s no real heat to his words.
“Thank you for the tickets,” John says, startling Mycroft from his reverie.
Sam curls his right hand, his index finger curled bit higher, resting slightly over the other fingers, he taps the right side of his chest, the spot over his heart.
, John says.
“His so-called confession was made under duress. I am confident it will be thrown away in court.”
Lestrade lets himself fall back into the uncomfortable chair, and a few seconds later Molly follows, sitting gingerly down on the edge, so close their knees are bumping.
Fourteen phalanges.
“Sherlock!” She breathes, instinctively mindful of the sleeping child “Whose child is that?”
And if so, what was he saying?
“Fine,” Lestrade concedes grudgingly. “You make valid points, even if there’s nothing but circumstantial evidence. “
He drapes himself over Sherlock’s body and weeps into the collar of his jacket, even as he can feel the hands trying to drag him away. But John will not let go, he presses close to the Alpha, trying to transfer some of his heat, some his life- into the slowly cooling body below him.
John counts the bullet wounds on the victim’s chest and compares them to the number of holes in the wall.  Either the shooter was the world’s worst gunman, or he was hoping to scare Doctor Fenway into talking.  The latter seems improbable, because somebody would surely have heard the shots and come running. He recognizes all too clearly the bullet wounds on Doctor Fenway’s chest, he’s examined plenty of them in accidental shooting and friendly misfire during his time in army.
“Oh,” Glen Reese says, his shoulders sagging “the police.”
“Good afternoon, John.”
Mycroft takes a sip of his tea, watching his nephew toss the ball at the security guard by the door. The ball hits the guy’s legs and rolls into the bushes. Undeterred, Sam fishes the ball free from the undergrowth and makes another attempt at playing pass with the guard.
Sam looks at John, who huffs a smile and returns to search for the answer to Sam’s questions until he can answer them all to his son’s satisfaction.
“He’s one of the Alphas from that list. He spent a measly six months in prison for raping two young girls. Can you imagine that they just let somebody like this walk around freely? Our kids play here, for godssake”
John’s eyes grow impossibly large as if Sherlock has said something really unexpected, his fingers curling under Sherlock’s large hand, until they rest with their palm up and Sherlock can slot his fingers against his, tentative but warm.
“Your brother,” Moriarty inches towards the window and makes a show of lifting the curtains and peering down at the street “who, I imagine, is just around the corner, has something I require.” Moriarty turns his attention back to Sherlock. “I want the files on his laptop.”
"It’s been almost three years, there’s only ever a murder at the anniversary."
“Do you want to-” John asks again, arching his neck, exposing the  rapid pulse beating against his skin. It’s a submissive gesture and John feels the sharp intake of breath before Sherlock growls, “no.”
“Lance Corporal,” he places the cup carefully back on the saucer. “I understand that things look bleak now. I am familiar with the feeling, but violent outbursts like this will only make things more difficult for you.”
“Is this your subtle way of suggesting we leave the city for a little while?”
Sherlock orbits Thompson like a satellite while the old doctor unwraps the package, speaking loudly and slowly to the camera while he works. “The package is 10 inches long and 10 inches high. It weighs,” he puts the package carefully on a scale, “ 9.7 pounds.”
"As you would expect, a dozen or so partials, not including those belonging to Simon Whitewell, Jane Hill and Doctor Watson. We found this in the front seat."
“Don't you dare,” Glen Reese's lips curl into a sneer, “and then, when my Alpha met you outside the pub, and he recognized you… he suddenly wasn’t interested in me anymore. I wasn’t good enough. And I did exactly as Doctor Fenway and all the books told me to do, changed my interests, changed the way I dressed, but he just wouldn’t shut up about you.”
Sam’s weight at 3lbs 15 oz and 15inch.
Sherlock does not even bother to respond and John knows that the detective is not paying any attention to anybody in the room because he is Working the Scene. Sherlock has his compact magnifying glass out and is meticulously examining the main door. He orders one of the crime scene photographers over and points at the door, ordering several close-ups of the peephole. After several minutes, he starts to creep along the bookcases and the television bench and sweeps the lens over the rows of books and DVDs.
“Look, Jane Hill and Glenn Reese might-”
Cobb narrows his eyes at John, and John squeezes the trigger, firm and slow. It’s a textbook shoot that plants the bullet squarely between Cobb’s eyes.  Glen Reese screams as blood sprays, and Christ, is that a tooth-
P.S Chapter inspired by Jørn Lier Horst (2009)
“Ordinary?” John struggles through the word as if Sherlock’s suddenly spoken in a foreign language.
“And you don’t think that’s plausible? John’s a very likable fellow, he probably has loads of mates.”
For a moment they are tethered, as though on a brink, and John feels the moment Sherlock lets go. Feels his hands skimming along his arms, the moist breath against his neck as Sherlock abruptly pulls away. John’s heart falls so hard, he is certain the entire Yard hears it.
“Yes. I heard a thump one day, and went upstairs to see what was going on- found the poor dear unconscious on the living room floor. Gave me such a terrible fright. I called the ambulance and it came within seconds.”
Jane Hill shakes her head, “Cobb was the only one who communicated with … I´ve only ever met Moriarty once, to get the police uniforms.”
“We should…” John gasps, not really sure what they should do. Stop? Wait until Sam’s asleep? Continue? Take it to their bedroom and hope for a few minutes of uninterrupted time?
“A robbery,” John says, knowing he doesn’t sound enthusiastic enough.
“And we thank you for it.”
Hm. So he’s probably dead, or he’s fled the country. The former seems more probable.
“Look at me, John. Keep your eyes on me. Can you do that?”
John coughs and spits blood, before he stumbles to his feet and begins to move towards the edge of the platform. He sees Sherlock lying across the tracks, absolutely and horribly still and he knows that there isn´t any time to lose.
Lestrade isn’t about to fall for the oldest trick in the book. He maintains his thin smile.
“Do you have the files?” John asks.
John is about to respond when there’s the sound of a door opening and closing on Lestrade’s end.
“Something like that, yes,” John mutters.
“Yes, I know,” Glen twists away from John, and then he’s struggling to sit up, but John grabs his arm again, halting his movement.
John leans into his touch, curling his hands over Sherlock’s arms where he holds on for a moment. Then he slowly slides his palms up the man’s arms and shoulders and around, between his shoulderblades until he can feel the shift of the muscles on the broad planes of Sherlock’s back. Tilting his head up, he closes the distance between them, pressing his mouth against Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s hand glides along John’s arm, the second joining the first until they are cradling the back of his head, bringing him closer until John feels the slight scratch of Sherlock’s cast against the back of his neck.
“What is going on?” his voice carries the evidence of at least two decades of smoking and reeks of sweat and musk, “why’s Doctor Watson not locked up?”
“Sherlock, she’s dying because-”
“Just like that?” John hopes Glen Reese doesn’t recognize the uncertainty in his voice. He can’t really imagine tying himself for the rest of his life to swith somebody he’s just known for a few days. But maybe this is how the Bond really works, this undeniable attraction and connection between and an Alpha and an Omega. The academic literature is always vague when it tries to describe it and the majority of popular media always represents it as a devastating love at first sight, where the Omega clings to the Alpha, unable to function without him. John can’t really picture Sherlock involved in a clingy sort of relationship, or any sort of relationship with anything but his Work and the Game.
This time John wakes in an instant with a desperate panic, like he´s clawing out of his own grave. He can’t remember falling asleep, and in one terrifying heartbeat he doesn’t recognize his surroundings. Then he sees Glen Reese standing over him with a concerned frown.
“Interesting,” (I require you to engage Lestrade in idle conversation, so he doesn’t interrupt me while I gather these vital pieces of evidence that is completely going to resolve the case and prove once again that Scotland Yard is out of their depth.)
“I’ll just be outside, doctor,” the guy says carefully, “call if there’s anything you need.”
“Perhaps they didn’t know he wasn’t a prisoner, just like they didn’t know he wasn’t an Alpha. He could have changed his clothes?” Lestrade asked, “is there any way to tell if a person is an Alpha or not.”
The Final Problem.
“If I had a knife, I’d cut his wrist like this,” Sherlock continues, unheeding of John’s response to his presence. Sherlock makes a horizontal slice over John’s wrist.
John scans the pages, making passing note of additional dates and remarks. He feels something inside him curdle, and when he speaks there’s an unmistakable tremor in his voice.
He may not know the man all that well, but during all of their encounters Glen Reese had always been a flustered, bumbling man. Two days ago he was sobbing into his telephone at the crack of dawn. John had dragged his unconscious form out of the bathtub before handing him over to paramedics. But, now he's sitting here in a cell, having been  drugged and kidnapped, calm and poised.
“But there was no blood on Annabell – “
"Stop that," somebody yells, "or you'll get in real trouble. You can't go around throwing things at the police."
Molly shakes her head, “I can’t see any lacerations or contusions. I’ll do a throughout search, of course, but finding trace evidence on a head is a time-consuming process. I’ll swabs and analyze for pollen or other microorganisms. A closer examination of the wound might give us some idea about what was used to separate the head from the body, but I’ll need to do some comparisons to be able to tell you anything conclusive.”
Anderson, however, doesn’t lose his triumphant smirk.  “I imagine she planned to take her own life by chlorine gas poisoning, so she sealed the room shut with tape to stop the gas from leaking out. However, when she tried to make the gas she realized that she’d bought the wrong kinds of liquids and thus she had to use the knife.”
John folds the paper away, hides it in one of the cupboards. He’ll show it to Sherlock, later. He wants this ordinary lunch, he doesn’t want think about Glen Reese or Edward Blithely’s announcement on the television. He shuts his eyes and navigates his attention to picking up the occasional sound of Sherlock’s voice drifting from Sam’s room. They are talking about a puzzle. He hears Sherlock’s guiding Sam to solve the problem in a soft, patient voice that he doesn’t think he’s ever heard from Sherlock before, yet it sounds like the most natural thing in the world.
“Just do as I say, please,” he sounds almost frantic, and John glances up, sees Sherlock standing at the very edge. Behind him, he sees the tall, dark figure of Moriarty. His heart feels like it’s trying to claw it’s way through his chest and he starts running towards the building, cursing his useless limb. If he can just get up there in time-
“My name’s Mary Morstan, I was just giving Mrs. Hudson’s flat a bit of cleaning, it’s always nice to come home to a freshly cleaned flat, don’t you think?”
Molly balls her fingers into fists, “she had to call the ambulance once, said she found John unconscious in the living room- gave her right a fright. A few days after that, he was just….gone.”
John’s just hung up his jacket when he feels warm fingers encircle his wrist and he glances up at Sherlock’s face. His eyes are fathomless, and the muscles in his jaw bunch and clench like he’s trying out words before he speaks them. omething shifts on his face and suddenly he’s kissing John.
One by one they part. Mycroft is the last to leave.
Or did Simon Whitewell’s involvement tarnish their design? Simon Whitewell was, after all, not an Alpha and his only crime was his participation in John’s kidnapping, for which he was already serving his time in prison.
“And?”
If he can’t use John against Sherlock, he’ll kill him.
"You´d put a dog down if he starts biting,"  Andrew says grimly.
*Ask him about his phone call to Fenway’s office and check the phone records. Fenway and Reese’s. SH*
“John, sorry to interrupt your afternoon, but Sherlock is insisting that Mrs. Hudson has one of those old, fashioned cassette types answering machines. Could you maybe locate it and have it sent down by taxi?”
John’s already hard and aching and surges forward, molding his body to Sherlock’s where he can  feel the rigid form of Sherlock’s erection against his stomach. John slides his hands up along Sherlock’s arm until he can push away the shirt and expose the jut of his shoulder and the slope of his neck so he can  mouth his way down Sherlock’s jaw.
“I’ll get you a cup,” John says, before Sherlock can get lost in his own head, “take my chair.”
“No,” Moriarty replies, “I want you to prove to me that you know it.”
The group mutters, before one of the teenagers, a girl, the same age as his nice, raises her hand.
“Do it!”
“I’m so sorry,” Glen says, and Christ, he sounds so bloody sincere. He pets John’s arm, his hand solid, heavy, and warm through the fabric of John’s jacket and John smiles humorlessly. “It’s all fine.”
“Have you had any luck with the job interview that the Legion set up for you?”
Mrs. Thorn looks at her watch again. Nine hours to go.
But none of the hundreds and thousands of things he had deduced about John Watson ever included the possibility that he was an Omega. He blames it lack of data, before they met Glen Reese; Sherlock never had any experience with Omegas. He’s read about them, of course; it was somewhat of an educational requirement when he was diagnosed as an Alpha. Sherlock had been ten years old, and to him the droning of Doctor Fenway was nothing more than uninteresting dribble.
John doesn't really expect Sherlock to remain in the backseat of this investigation and is surprised when he quietly ambles over to study the various engine parts. His hands are firmly in his pocket and he´s frowning at various bits of tools and machinery. John wonders if Sherlock has the know-how to reassemble an engine in his Mind Palace and thinks that he probably does.
“I would think you knew him, being an Alpha, and all,” Glen says after considerable silence.
a voice says. It sounds strangely like his own.
John stares at the row of white faces on his coffee table.
“When I was sixteen I tried to murder my mother, which seems like an illogical choice since I thought…since I considered my childhood to be normal. She wasn’t the root of my pain, sometimes she even tried to warn me of his approach by turning up the volume on the TV.
Sherlock folds the hands at the small of his back, wandering over to the window with the pretence of studying the street, when in reality he is avoiding John’s eyes. What is he trying to shield from John? The absence of remorse and regret? John remembers all too well his initial reaction, the shock of seeing Sherlock alive on the television and then standing in front of John in this very room like three years had not passed between them. He had reacted poorly, hadn´t even given Sherlock the chance to explain. Is Sherlock worried that John will run away again? Suddenly he wants to touch Sherlock, to smooth out the taunt lines in his back and assure him that he’s not going anywhere. Worried that his legs won’t manage the short distance across the room, John takes a seat on the sofa, gripping the armrest tightly.
A second later, the skies break with a crack of thunder.
And he couldn't bear it if-
“Oh, that dreadful business with the head?”
John’s mind scrambles for purchase, trying not to feel offended by the casual tone in which Mycroft describes his life.
John’s not sure what reaction he is bracing himself for, but Sherlock simply spins around on his heels and disappears downstairs to his bedroom. John remains in the corridor for a few more seconds, he’s not sure if he’s horrified by the reaction or relieved.
, John signs,
Jane Hill shakes her head.
“Don’t be stupid - stupider than usual,” Sherlock sneers, a weak response by his standard, “they are both chlorine based.”
Somehow, despite everything he has learned from Doctor Coleman, Lestrade leaves the morgue with more questions than answers.
There’s no pulse.
“The doctors have assured me that your discomfort is temporary.”
“Or, even better.” The voice continues unheedingly, “Omega Sexually Assaulted by Gang of Alpha Police Officers. That is going to be one for the media to regurgitate for weeks. It’s been so long since there’s been an incident of an Alpha assaulting anybody; people have almost forgotten that they aren’t dangerously unstable individuals.”
Mycroft frowns, but before he can respond, an ambulance technician calls across the room, “we need to head out, are either of you coming with us?”
Sam slips out of the bed and this time he grabs hold of John’s hand and hauls him up. John cringes as his bare feet touch the cold floor. Much to Sam’s chagrin, he insists on finding a pair of socks, slippers, trousers, sweater and his morning robe before he enters the living room.
“Sherlock, let him go!” He can feel Lestrade trying to yank him away, but Sherlock is utilizing all of his strength in keeping Whitewell in his grasp.
John sees the way Sherlock freezes in the doorway, inches by inches, starting with his feet going all the way up to the taunt T of his back.
"I'll have him brought to an interrogation room 6B. But, Christ, Sherlock…if you assault another suspect I'll see you tossed out of the Yard for good."
What was Sherlock planning to do?  What had he uncovered- which of Moriarty’s strings was he going to cut this time? What were the consequences?
“If you come any closer, I’m going to jump.” He’s struggling through each consonant, terrified of his own promise.
Sherlock scrolls down the list frowning at the implications. Lestrade's phone chimes.
"Did you have a nice time with Andrew, John?" Lydia asks as soon as he announces his return by kicking his shoes off against the wall.
This chapter has been betaed by bexxavr
Thank you for reading this story and supporting me through my very first fanfiction.
Sherlock had initiated the first kiss.
Lestrade frowns at Sally, who shrugs her surprise at the detective inspector. With a sigh, Lestrade reads the formalities before pausing the interview again and moving to the door.
After closing the window, John covers his aching eyes with one hand.
John isn’t all that hopeful that Sherlock is feeling desperate enough to ask his brother for help.
“You needn’t come,” Mycroft says with unbearable nonchalance. John hopes that the ability to read the darkest, deepest corner of John’s mind is privy to Sherlock only. “You and Samuel can remain here, or any other place of your choosing.”
His office is located in the most expensive part of town, laid out as a mirror of his success and wealth. Nobody trusts a poor guy with their investments. The door to his office is open and he steps inside, coat already shrugged halfway off his shoulders when he realises that he is entirely alone.
“Yes, well,” her gaze flits back along the platform, then to her book. “Maybe.”
Time passes.
“I thought it was very much my concern, as you’re calling them to announce my presence. I am quite looking forward to meeting them.”
George snorts as if this is the most preposterous suggestion in the history of the universe ever. "They are freaks and I´m glad there´s none in our family" he says with a certain finality in his voice that brokers no further discussion on the topic. Lisa smiles thinly  and forces a nod of acknowledgement. She returns to her cup of salty tea, glad that the table hides the nervous tremor in her right foot.
Sherlock’s hands clench and unclenches, angry spots of red marring his white hands. John finds his free hand gripping Sherlock’s, stilling the motion.
"We are employed by his widow, Rose Williams, to look into it. See if we can find something the police missed." John hears Sherlock tut impatiently and he quickly skips to the next part. "So, would you please tell us what happened?"
“I’m fine,” John says and gives Sherlock’s left hand a reassuring squeeze. Sherlock doesn’t seem quite convinced and John wonders how much of it is the detective deducing the contents of his mind and how much is the Alpha acting instinctively to sooth the Omega.
John’s heart skips a beat.
“The information from Serbia was the last piece of the puzzle.”
“Sherlock.”
John stares at him, wide-eyed and utterly terrified. He can´t seem to break free of his attacker´s grip, so he tries to retreat by pressing against brick wall, clawing for purchase. The pressure against his chest is building and building and his breath escapes in high-pitched, ragged wheezes. This is actually happening to him.
John stops so suddenly Molly almost crashes right into him.
"Unofficially the armed forces quite often encourages Alphas to seek a military career because they make good soldiers. They have above average strength, they are, protective, aggressive, assertive and-"
“Glen?” John asks, lowering his voice a notch, trying to sound sympathetic.
He’s doing good. He feels useful. Things are not
Warnings for discussion of suicide and self mutilation (cutting) in connection with a case.
They clasp his hand and pat his shoulder, Molly shuffles past, sniffling into a handkerchief. John is glad there are no offers of apologies, nobody telling him they are sorry. There’s so many things John regrets that he’s not even able to tell them apart from the things he doesn’t.
“Good evening,” the stranger replies, shifting her bucket from right to her left, offering John her free hand to shake.
*20 min. Secure server.*
“And you will bring Samuel?”
“I’ll be back with them in a few hours with your medicine.”
“Was away at boarding school in Switzerland at the time. From the daughter’s own statement she and Joseph Braithsworth were estranged and it had been years since she had seen him. Several friends and family members can confirm this. There is absolutely nothing that even remotely indicates that either has any connection to Edward Blithely. ”
“Just for another couple of hours, I’m doing a consultation for Doctor McDonald.” He rubs his hands, trying to coax some warmth into his stiff fingers.
Blood gushes down the front of Glen Reese’s shirt, and the man stumbles backwards, dazed like a boxer who hasn’t heard the final bell ring.
"Shite! Are you alright, John?"
Maybe, John thinks faintly, this is for the best, at least now he
“Very well,” the waiter says with a smile as he places the menus on the table before he returns to the kitchen. Molly hangs her purse on the back of her chair and hides her face behind one of the menus.
“In Afghanistan,” John confirms, “death by hanging is a common method of execution. I think this is an execution as well.” He gestures to the pictures of the three victims.
“How are you feeling?” John asks, rising slowly from his chair and moving across the room to pick up Sherlock’s medical chart. John’s movements are stiff and uncomfortable, which can’t be blamed on the chair alone. He’s got some cuts on the palms of his hands where he braced himself against the impact on the platform, and there is an obvious limp to his step.
“Right,” John carefully eases Jane Hill against the wall. He wipes the blood off his hands on his pants.
So, things are obviously not fine.
“Would you say the incisions was done by somebody who knew what they were doing?»
He’s only managed a few steps down the corridor when Sherlock calls his name. It’s a call that John is hardwired to respond to. John stops. Draws a breath. He fights a brief, losing battle with his head and heart, which have formed an alliance against him.
John wet and ragged, standing next to the two people who kidnapped him. The kiss that sent want spreading in his chest. The constable wrapping his hand around John’s wrist. Saluting. He visits the memory of DI Dregs interrogating John and the vicious anger he’d felt when the detective inspector had pressed John up into the corner of the room. He needs to go further back and sorts through the memories of John corralled between Sherlock and the wall in the corridor, the John’s lingering looks at crime scenes, John blinking at him in Morse code, the soft curve of his elbow when he hands Sherlock a cup of tea, his beguiling nonchalance after he killed the cabbie and saved Sherlock’s life. The memories spin past his eyelids until he’s dizzy with the realization that he cannot tell when this attraction started.
She quickens her pace.
It’s not even 3 pm, but there is an unusually large gathering of people hanging around in the courtyard and milling in the parking lot.  The crowd consists mostly of teenagers, clad in worn shoes and thin jacket, ill-suited for the January chill. Some are smoking while others are moving to the beat drumming out from the speakers of a large, red, vehicle.  There’s restlessness to the crowd, John notices, shown in the way they shuffle their feet and check their phones. As if they are waiting for something to happen. In the distance he sees the flickering of blue lights as a police car slowly circles the area, coming to a halt just outside the parking lot.
“The point,” Sherlock declares, “is to incite chaos. You take a country teeming with a frustrated, unemployed populace, many of whom have lost their entire life savings, or have parents, siblings, aunts or uncles affected by the Banking Scandal, and you give them something to focus their anger at. Somebody to blame. You throw in a tragic story of child abuse and you got a very volatile cocktail.“
“Most assuredly!” Sherlock exclaims, fingers dancing over the keyboard. “Finally, he’s showing himself again.” Sherlock turns to John and grins delightedly.
, John says. Sam returns his attention to the bird, standing absolutely still as he drinks in the sight of it.
“Where might I locate Mr. Reese?” he adds just the hint of a Scottish brogue. (John would find it amusing, and they’d share that secret grin and would laugh later.)
here?” He waves a pen in Sherlock’s direction.
Sergeant Donovan shrugs helplessly. She turns and sees detective inspector Lestrade striding up the street. Her eyes linger on the dark shadows under Lestrade’s eyes and the frown line that has marred his forehead for the past year. A year later and DI Lestrade is still carrying this haunted look, like Sherlock Holmes’ death was, somehow, his fault. It’s made him bloody paranoid too, and a stickler for doing things by the book. Which is a good thing: no more running around chasing the coattails of the world’s only consulting detective.
“How about,” Lestrade searches for his words, “I mean, do you want to grab a drink?”
A cursory study of Glen Reese yielded enough information for Sherlock to conclude that the man was unimportant to the case. Middle aged, unemployed, but this pale and unblemished skin suggests a previous profession behind a desk. Probably had aspirations for higher education, but could not handle the pressure of it. Something that is low-key and undemanding. He wants to help people, he wants to be useful. Poor dietary habits, likely to develop diabetes or congestive heart failure in his mid sixties. Married for several years, though the other occupant of the house prefers not to have his presences known. Likely travels a lot in connection to whatever employment. Cats are substitute for affection and companionship.
Sam twists in mirth and grabs another berry from his bowl, stuffing his entire fist into his mouth.
So John figures he’ll say it in another way, he’ll say it in the way he presses his mouth against Sherlock’s, the way he licks his mouth open and slips his tongue next to Sherlock’s, lips soft and sweet.
The defense attorney makes  skeptical noise. “I really must lodge an official complaint, detective inspector. My client is clearly not in a condition to be questioned.”
“Hormonal imbalance. She say he was reacting to the potential loss of his mate and a whole lot of nonsense- can’t say I’ve ever heard of a legal precedence for it.”
“Something wrong, John?”
Later, Sherlock will come to regret the minutes he wasted idling by the map, waiting for Lestrade to return.  He thinks John's interrogation, how worried he'd been when the book had been brought out. He thinks about the burst of rage he felt when DI Dregs cornered John in the interrogation room. He thinks about their private confession and wonders if John heard the real meaning behind it.
Sherlock picks up a DVD and studies it; it’s some sort of music video of one of the boy bands that is decorating the walls.  He picks up another DVD, then a third and a fourth, he ‘hmms’ at them before throwing them casually to the floor.  Then he’s attacking the collection of books and magazines with the same vigor. He selects a book, then another, studying them briefly before letting them fall to the floor.
“Identity?” Sally  demands.
Sherlock’s has not even managed to take four steps before an (annoyingly) sleek, black, car drives up to him and the window rolls down. He ignores it of course, and merely continues on his path down the street without even knowing what he intends to go with the gun. There’s several ways of disposing of the weapon that will ensure that the police never finds it, but John will want it back later.
I am currently without a beta reader, and would really appreciate if anybody has some time to donate. If you feel uncomfortable with handling proof reading, I would gladly accept the help of someone who could help me with plots and structure.
As always, I 'd love to meet more of the people in this fandom, so please contact  me on tumblr at http://friolerofiction.tumblr.com/
“Daniel Smithson,” Sherlock says, “caught when the neighbour below him in the apartment complex complained about a blocked drainage and the plumber found half of a human jaw stuffed down the drain.”
When Moriarty had kidnapped John, a hired hand had just walked up to him on the streets and led him away at gunpoint.
“Let me, I’m a doctor-”
Sophie Barns steps forward, her heart hammering like a trapped bird.
“What’s going on? Are we in danger?”
“I insist on a video recording of the proceedings,” she demands, much to Lestrade’s dismay who has to send Donovan back upstairs to find the necessary equipment.
“No,no….not a celebrity. It’s like I’ve seen him somewhere before….maybe an earlier case?”
“Right.” Lestrade hands John the coffee cups long enough to fit the device into his ear. It gives an unpleasant buzz as it slots into place.
“And soon it’s going to be light here as well.”
"You know, John…" Lydia starts. "Your father and I am really proud that you´ve set your heart of becoming a doctor and how well you´ve done in the ACF. I´m certain your mother would have been as well."
A young man steps in. He’s about twenty-five, stockily built with blonde, close-curled hair. He’s dressed in a freshly pressed suit and polished shoes. Definitely a newly appointed police constable.
Lestrade, however, does not look convinced, “it’s an awfully slim thread,” he confesses, “and we don’t yet know if any of it is true. You said so yourself, Sherlock, it’s a ruse to get people riled up.”
“Is something wrong?”
He wishes he could stop playing this observation game. It’s not like there’s anybody to prove himself to.
Before John can reply, door to the office suddenly opens and a middle-aged woman steps inside. “Is everything alright, Doctor Fenway?” She asks in clipped tone.
The speech only lasts for a couple of minutes and she finishes with a final tear, clinging to her eyelashes and a prayer to her classmates to help her spread the message. She was just like the man in the newspaper, a victim of an abusive Alpha. But unlike him, she couldn’t afford expensive and fancy adds in the biggest newspaper in the United Kingdom.
It wouldn’t be the first time Sherlock gambled with the lives of others.
“Email?” Sherlock demands and Lestrade raises a hand defensively.
“Right.” He wipes a hand across his face. His mind starts making a list of all the preparations he’ll need to make, of how he’s going to have to pack up the house, move to some other small village and they’ll have to start everything again.
The security guard nods.
“We are kindly asking all citizens to return to their-“
"Did you hear about the poor boy they found in south-London?" she calls from the kitchen.
“I saw it on the telly, it was just down the street here, wasn’t it?” There’s a faint tinge to her cheeks. “I feel sorry about the poor man, but it is nice with something to…liven up the dreary days.” Mrs. Hudson says and Lestrade realizes that she’s reminiscing about the good old days, when murder and mystery were commonplace in 221B.
“Do remember to breathe, John.”
“Some neighbors are reporting a break-in, but, sir-” he adds preemptively interrupting Lestrade before he’s managed to open his mouth, “I know it’s not your department, but I was told if you were to be informed if there was any news from, well, sir, the apartment is in 221 Baker Street.”
“Or when that pisshole, Matthew, decided that his wife wasn’t young enough- he’s an Alpha too and-“
“Simon Whitewell was murdered,”Sherlock replies.
John pats her awkwardly on the back, mumbling his apology into her shoulder. In the corner of his eyes he sees Sherlock, arms behind his back, shifting his weight from one foot to the other, his eyes darting every which way.
“Tested,” John sputters, “what theory?”
It seems like a long time, but John knows only seconds pass before Glen Reese gives a weak cough and splutters alive.  John rises slowly, wiping sweat from his face, his heart rate slowly decreasing to its normal rhythm as the adrenaline ebbs away. Glen Reese is going to be fine. Well, medically speaking, he cannot really say anything about his heart and head.
“Oh, no. He moved to the flat next door, but the old flat is currently empty and I know somebody in the Housing Sector who can lend us the keys….” There’s an unexpected eagerness in her voice. Is Molly feeling guilty and is that why she’s gone above and beyond to help John?
Was that just another chemical reaction?
John turns. In the doorway stands a tall, slender woman with short, blonde, hair slicked back behind her ears. Alexander Lee Finkle is dressed in a pinstriped suit.
“John is not for-”
“Very well, please proceed.”
“Is Lestrade questioning that actor?”
“So, are we back to this being a suicide?” DI Lestrade asks.
“Alright, what does this have to do with the murders at the primary school?"
Especially thanks to my Beta, Albinofrog, and those kind people who dropped me a line on tumblr https://www.tumblr.com/blog/friolerofiction
Sherlock relaxes against him and John feels a sigh across the crown of his head, followed by a kiss on his forehead.
Lestrade blinks, “what about John-”
“So?”
I may do some nitpicking on this chapter later on, but I was so excited to post it, I couldn't wait.
(See the end of the chapter for
All of John´s notes, the newspaper clippings and the old police files are spread out across his desk. He´s read them so many times that the words and pictures are blurring together. He can´t keep his thoughts from returning to Glen Reese, not because he suspects him of the murder, but because he is the first male Omega John has met since he returned from the army. A part of him wants to talk to Reese. He feels like he knows him.  He wants to swap stories about being an Omega, about all the little nuances and worries that he cannot talk to Doctor Fenway about or find an answers to in Finkle´s guide.
Bloody hell.
, John replies, mirroring his movements.
Doctor Fenway regards John from over the top of his glasses. "John, being an Omega, it is nothing to be ashamed over."
“A moment, sirs,” Butterfield says. He turns on his heel and disappears into the crowd of shoppers.
They make a new cup of tea and dinner with fish fingers, rice, and carrots (without peas), that they eat at together at the kitchen table. John tries not to think about Sherlock’s obvious guilt at leaving them. He finds that he doesn’t really mind, he doesn’t feel left behind.
Thanks to each and every one of you who took the time to read my story and drop me a few words! I also wish to make friends with people in the johnlock/fanfiction community so please find me on tumblr under friolerofiction.
“I doubt it, it was never considered important- this was quickly ruled a suicide after all, ” Lestrade says. “I’m still trying to track down the collected evidence because Sherlock wants the cassette tapes, but it’s been almost ten years and apparently things gets lost when they are moved from one archive to the other.”
John chokes back a laugh.
The man draws his head back and laughs, a strange, keening sound that sends shivers down John´s spine.
“Just-”
John’s not going to move back in. He’s living with his
DI Dregs curls his long arms over the desk and grabs his notebook from where it is resting next to the evidence bag. He scribbles a few notes and then looks at John expectantly and John hurries to comply.
Sherlock yanks open the door to Crawford’s apartment. His mind recognizes the click of the safety being turned off even before he sees down the dark 9mm barrel.
“Just….please understand that this is difficult,” she squeezes out between clenched teeth.
"Jacob showed early signs of a dominate personality and was often described by his adolescent peers as "aggressive" and "possessive".  This, coupled with the Alphas enhanced strength, is the reason why many societies view them with fear. Uncharacteristically of the Alpha, Jacob never showed any interest in physical pursuits, such as sports or martial arts. In fact, he always asserted that he never needed to exert any physical dominance. Jacob took great pride in his intellectual prowess. "When I want something, I will always get it. Always." He was never shy about boosting about his many, as he´d later call it, "Machiavellian accomplishments." This behavior is atypical of the dominate, aggressive Alpha, prone to physical confrontation."  (Fenway, G. M.D Case-study of an Alpha. A/O/B Press: 2000. 4th edition).
A short, straight path leads straight on to the living room with one large window. On the left is the small kitchenette with just the barest of necessities, on the right is the bedroom with a tiny en suite bathroom. The carpet isn’t the only thing that has been changed. There are new curtains, pale blue against the fresh white paint on the walls. Along the left side of the room is a green sofa, on the opposite side a shelving system meant to hold one of those deep, old-fashioned televisions. There is an empty bookshelf, a desk with a single chair and a rickety kitchen table with mismatched chairs in the kitchen. The place is vacant, waiting for another lost soul to fill it.
John can’t suppress his smile and quickly types out a reply. *What’s going on?*
The Trapezoid bone.
Crawford’s eyes flits towards the bedroom door. “Ah, an affair. It’s dangerous to step on another Alpha’s turf. But it wasn’t sentiment that made you avenge her decades later. Revenge was it? Some unsettled score with Nash? No.”
Sherlock continues his survey of the apartment and finds a similar chaotic situation in the kitchen. A couple of plates smashed on the floor, but nothing else. In the far corner, he finds several dishes of cat food and water. Glen Reese planned to be gone, but not for more than a couple of days.
He removes the bandage on the wound on his forehead.
Burrell rubs his forehead. “And you’d recommend me?” He stares at him with a tremendous amount of doubt.
“Doctor Watson,” Sergeant Donovan acknowledges with curt succinctness, “the guv’s waiting for you in his office.”
"No, no sorry, I can´t" Glen says, "I told the police this, I couldn’t even tell you if it was an old or a young person."
Almost a year ago, an independent investigation was suddenly launched by MPs who claimed to be in possession of “disturbing evidence of widespread police corruption.” Nobody had managed to uncover what kind of evidence it was or how the MPs have gotten ahold of it, but it was widely speculated that it came from a higher ranking officer in the Metropolitan police.
"Beauty," Andrew says. "You´re going to be a real hoot at university, I can tell."
“Well, now what?” He asks.
A red string has been pulled horizontally across the wall with post-its notes marking the various times and days spanning from Friday to Monday morning when the victims were discovered.
"What about" John swallows, his throat arid "if Alphas meet Omega civilian?"
“Oh,” Molly says. She furrows her brows, looks a little lost, but masks it with a polite smile. John realizes that Lestrade might not have kept her updated on the case, and so he spends the next twenty minutes of their subway ride giving her the cliff notes version of the case. By the time they’ve made their way to South Kensington Station, Molly’s expression has through the entire range of emotions before she settles on a thoughtful frown.
“Sorry,” Hector says, and tips his head at him and carefully circumnavigates Sherlock. Later, he’s glad that there were no witnesses to his dismal reflexes. Suddenly he feels a vice-like grip on him his arm that banks him to a full stop with such force that his phone slips from his hands.
Just as he is about to suggest an impromptu hide-and-seek, the front door opens and Mycroft appears with a pink plastic ball tucked under his arm. The image is so absurd that John desperately wishes he had the guts to use his phone to capture the moment.
“Merry Christmas, John.”
“Some would say that Omegas are incapable of violence, but we all know that is not true of Doctor John Watson, Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Three years in Afghanistan. Wounded in combat and discharged with honors. Tell me, Doctor Watson,  do you still have your military issue sidearm?”
“You’re a lifesaver,” Mary sighs. She brushes past John to warm her hands on the radiator.
“Glen,” he repeats, “do you know where you are?”
“I am going to recommend you see a psychiatrist, and even if it seems like an uphill battle at the moment, you need to establish a daily routine. You need something to do, to have an outlet for all this energy you have, something to occupy your mind so that you don’t end up stewing with all these thoughts. And I know-” He raises a hand as Burrell tries to interrupt. “ I
“Thank you.”
Sherlock’s fingers goes over the keyboard so quickly it sounds like somebody has put a piece of cardboard into the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
“He’s driving everyone around the bend. Look, I’m used to Sherlock being a bit of a berk, but something’s really got him rattled. He made poor Ms. Hooper cry, he’s never… is there something going on between the two of you? Can’t you just kiss and make up?”
He slumps back in the seat, pushes his glasses up on his forehead so he can rub a hand over his tired eyes.
John remembers the stain on his carpet and feels his stomach churn in an unpleasant way. He stares down at his feet, but the stain is gone, the carpet replaced with one in faded grey colours.
But not even in his imagination can he conjure up a Sherlock Holmes that wouldn’t have been willing to sacrifice what he thought necessary to keep the people he cared about safe. The acceptance sits heavy in his chest.
John’s hands move, slow and deliberate while the boy watches every move.
“You’ve searched the rest of the premises?”
The female constable lets out a shriek and John grabs hold of the lapel of Lestrade's shirts and yanks him down, just in time to save him from a rock that's hurled at them.
Lestrade sighs, feeling helpless and ridiculous as he fishes up a copy of the prison transfer report and thrusts it at Sherlock. Sherlock takes it carefully, his eyes narrowing as he reads.
Sherlock may not be particularly skilled in reading emotions, but John can practically see Sherlock suddenly ticking off the little boxes as the evidence plays all too clearly on John’s face. John cannot lie to him, even when he means to. Sherlock can detect the lies forming in John’s head even before John can form them into words.
A couple of children are poking at something floating in a puddle, while their mothers huddles under the awning, warming their hands on cigarettes. They stare at John, with dark, watchful eyes and twisted lips. They don’t like strangers here.
“ We like to think Omegas are rare, but that is mostly because they are invisible- which is how we prefer it” Moriarty leans back in his chair, “ People don’t think about us, at all. You can't even use the designation on your house pet.”
“What happened then?”
A few steps away from the suicide candidate, they pause. They remember their training and the female constable takes a few steps forward and raises her hand, indicating for her partner to stop when he starts to follow her. The man in the window turns his face towards them, his eyes wide and bloodshot.
“When did you do this?” John asks even if he knows the answer. He sees the muscles in his jaw bunch and relaxes like he’s chewing through several responses, finding the one with the right taste.
The man is dressed in ragged jeans, a plaid shirt and a black leather jacket and he looks too old, too experienced, to be a student. His red hair is shaved in a crew cut and he holds himself in a fighter´s stance, his hands fisted at his side.
"Look, Mister Watson," Doctor Fenway says, his voice gentle. "I am not going to tell you what you can and cannot do, only offer you some advice, guidance-" he pauses for a moment.
At his words, something changes in Glen’s expression. He’s suddenly pale and he looks surprised, almost frightened. “You’re not Bonded?” he hisses. “But it’s dangerous to live without an Alpha.”
Doctor Fenway´s smile slides away and his posture loses some of its formality. He sighs and suddenly looks all of his years of academia.
Sam signs,
“Mycroft, I need to go,” John whispers, “things are getting a little tense.”
Their movements are raw and desperate. Hands touching everywhere, there’s the sound of fabric tearing as John claws at Sherlock’s shirt and there’s a mad scramble as John pushes himself up on his elbows to take off his trousers at the same time as Sherlock tries to yank his undershirt over his head. John’s pants and boxers end up somewhere around his knees but he doesn’t have time to care about the lack of ceremony because Sherlock’s mouth is on his again, his teeth grazing against John’s raw bottom lip.
Sherlock waves the brown case file in John´s face until John snags it out of his hands.
He's got to know everything about his own thoughts and emotions so that he will never be caught off guard when Sherlock deduces something about him.
If the situation had been less severe (if John’s life weren't at stake) Sherlock would have taken the time to properly reprimand Lestrade for being unable to pay attention.
There is a short silence, and then Sherlock strides across the room, grabbing the massive, black, bison skull. He hangs it on its spot on the wall, and then he rummages through the boxes, muttering something indistinguishable under his breath until he emerges with the headphones.
Lydia places her fork and knife down on the table and wipes her lips with her napkin.
“When was the last time you saw Mr. Reese?” Lestrade's voice is strained politeness.
“That’s not….” That’s not possible, John wants to point out, “Did Andrew Nash live in the same flat as where his wife was killed?”
“This is important too,” Sherlock says and the curve of his eyebrows are set in a downward slope, inscribing a frown in the center of his forehead.
To embarrass him.
Sam signs eagerly, stretching his arms towards the display almost dropping his toy in his eagerness. Sherlock swiftly swings him up on his shoulders, tucking Sam’s legs safely under his arms. They end up at the back of the crowd staring at the large, mechanical elephant decorated with lights and bright colours, surrounded by jewellery and women in glittering cocktails dresses. Now and again it moves its massive head, turning to study the audience and making Sam shiver in joy.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock muses.
He moves like a spectre in his own home. Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. Kitchen.
Lestrade knows that part of the problem, a rather significant part, is all the attention from the media honed on Edward Blithely. Every day, they read a new, horrific story from people who have suffered years of abuse and it adds to the growing rage simmering in the public. Each time Edward Blithely appears on television, radio or the newspaper and urges people to abstain from violence, it somehow, seems to have the opposite effect. The riots and mass protests quickly escalated into violent confrontations. Store windows, houses, apartments of Alphas on Blithley’s List were the first to be destroyed. Alphas had been dragged from their homes, some had been beaten while others had been stripped naked and forced to flee barefoot through the cold. By the morning of the 9th of December, the Prime Minister had issued a curfew in hopes of keeping people off the streets. It did little to deter the most violent offenders e the police custody was brimming with angry men and women snarling and spitting at the officers.
“I think,” Sally says, “you’ll find that she was shot.”
“We should get you processed,” Sherlock says, and it’s the first words he’s spoken to John in days.
"It´s utter madness it is" his father comments, shaking the newspaper. John has long learned to recognize this as a sign of an adult conversation that is likely to be utterly boring and is already pondering question 5a. This set of divisions does´t look quite right.
Maybe he’ll be able to think of some reasonable explanation. Doctor Fenway was an old professor of his and they’ve kept in touch, despite their complete and utter different medical field. Or. John was considering a teaching position at the university and had sought the advice of an old tutor.  It sounded reasonable to John, but he was certain Sherlock would be able to see right through him. John couldn’t lie to Sherlock Holmes.
A few moments later, there is a soft knock on the door, and Mrs. Gillespie comes in with a plate of biscuits and two cups of tea. “Here you are, Doctor.”
The door is ajar and from within he can hear the soft shuffle of shoes across the wooden floor.
It’s a sentiment Sherlock knows all too well.
If they found the book in Doctor Fenway’s locked desk, why is there blood on it? If the book had been damaged while Doctor Fenway was being tortured, why had Doctor Fenway sought it necessary to hide the book from his assailant? If the book is what they had been after, surely they would have seen it, sitting right there on his desk?
“Yes. They were folded and placed at the back of the gym. On top were their drivers licenses, they wanted these guys easily identified. Here-”
“In case you arrested me,” Edward explained later when he was questioned “I wanted my readers to know where I was.” So, any of his thousands of followers could have known that he would be at the Yard.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Should I have my solicitor?” John asks, glad that at least his voice sounds steady.
Hopes that they didn’t find the safe hidden behind the painting of Churchill.
But it’ll be fine. He wanted John to be safe and happy (but not happy with somebody else). But he’ll be all those things in his suburban home with fences and a dog and the wife will make him stop wearing ugly jumpers and he’ll stay at home in the evening with his talk shows and funny stories about this consulting detective he once knew in London.
Four seconds.
There are several things with that statement that John wishes he had time to think about, but DI Dregs is moving towards him, and his Omega instinct is rattling against their imprisonment with renewed force.
“You had Adrian Reese killed because you wanted to ensure the theory worked in practice. You Bonded with this one, because you needed someone with a low profile who had access to the Yard. You’re making sure you’ve got all your bases covered for when you plan to dispose of him.”
Alpha.
“What’s going on here?” he says instead, gesturing to Sherlock.
“You showed me the book on purpose.  You wanted me to go to Doctor Fenway's office-“
“No,” Molly says, “it was a younger neighbour, Albert Crawford. He was only eighteen at the time, said that he used to fetch groceries for Mrs. Nash and was worried when she didn’t answer the door at their appointed time. Mr. Nash was at work, even if nobody can clearly remember seeing him. I guess a newspaper vendor is one of those….invisible guys you don’t remember passing.”
All the things Sam ate for his lunch today.
John wonders how many hours of CCT footage Sherlock had watched. Nobody else would have been able to recognize the scratches on the bonnet. It’s amusing that Cobb’s hankering for Chinese exposed their hiding place.
"There are other roads that could take you to this warehouse."
As always, my gratitude to my wonderful Beta Albino Frog.
“Yes and no. The instinct is only part of it, but I do not know where instinct ends and the rest of it begins.”
Suddenly Sherlock’s mobile springs to life with a loud shrill and Sherlock leaps away from him to grab it.
John flips open the book. It’s filled from cover to cover with a looping handwriting that is almost impossible to decipher, but John recognizes the shorthand that doctors employ. On the first page the name ‘David’ is written in capital letters and the date for his first meeting with Doctor Fenway.
“Anything I can get for you?” the waiter asks, clicking his pen and looking at each of them in turn. For a while, nobody answers, leaving John to break the awkward silence. “A pot of tea, and some still water, please.”
Saanvi tries to sound braver than she feels, tries to convince herself that there is nothing to worry about. It is just some silly fog and the school yard isn’t that big. All they have to do is to continue forwards and then they’ll reach the front doors.
The sitting room is dark and empty and the only thing visible is Sherlock’s violin, resting in its case by the sofa, but John can’t remember hearing him playing anything.  The sitting room smells like him and John allows himself the rare luxury of sinking into Sherlock’s chair and resting, craning his neck to stare at the ceiling and wondering what their cutlery is doing impaled on the plaster. The flat is quiet and if John would strain his hearing he can just about imagine the even, burring breaths that would be coming from Sherlock’s bedroom.  Sherlock must be having one of those rare nights where he is actually sleeping, which is unusual considering they just started a new case.
“A moment, please, Doctor Watson,” DI Lestrade says, and the formality of the statement does nothing to calm John’s frayed nerves. John forces a tight smile and the detective inspector leaves, closing the door behind him with a soft click that sounds far too final.
Finally, he settles on, “if you are having a hard time readjusting to civilian life I recommend you join our group counselling sessions.”
Was that what the argument had been about?
“They’ve put a tail on her,” Hermes nods his head down the road at Alexander’s missing figure.
“Samuel is quite safe, I assure you. He is at a safe house, with Mrs. Kettle.”
The game would be far better played if Moriarty assured that John was falsely convicted and sent away. The Great Consulting Detective, unable…unwilling, to cheat to prove his own flatmate innocent. It’s what Sherlock would have done, had their roles been reversed.
John has gotten used to people seeing 221B Baker Street as the last court of appeal when police investigations had failed to bring a satisfactory conclusion. Or find their missing pet/spouse (or spouses who absconded with a beloved pet). Though a mugging involving a gun is somewhat of a statistical anomaly, most armed robberies involve knives, he somehow doubts that an unidentified shooter and a six-month-old cold case rates high enough to catch Sherlock´s interest.
He´s an Omega.
Hadn't he just been wondering if that had, somehow, been Sherlock’s plan?
“If you want to meet him, you should join us for late lunch,” he offers. It’s casual enough, though from the bright gleam in Molly’s eyes you’d think she’d just been offered to meet the Queen.
“John said she parted with some important knowledge,” Mycroft says.
I hope you enjoy this chapter and will share your thoughts, ideas and opinions with me.
“Are you from psych. evalv?”
“Mr. Reese,” John schools his expression, he's become an expert in hiding his emotions these days. “How can I help you?”
“What the hell is wrong with him?”
“You took care of them.” It wasn’t what he meant to say and before Mycroft can school his appearance, Sherlock sees something akin to an offense in the dip of his brow. It surprises him, while he thought there was so little about Mycroft that could do that.
“Well, he’s long dead and good riddance,” the old lady exclaims.
“Oh, sure,” John steps back to allow her entry and she crosses the threshold with a tight smile. She shuffles in, peering over his shoulder. John follows her gaze, but neither one of the occupants of the living room has moved an inch. Mary looks dressed for an arctic expedition. She’s wearing a thick sweater, a winter coat, hat and a pair of snow boots.
John wonders if he’ll recognize the name of the hospital, a private clinic in the north of England where John ended up spending almost an entire year. There are diagrams and charts of the various stages of the pregnancy, and the date of the emergency C-section that pushed Sam’s birthday five weeks early.
He still manages to dredge up a smile when he sees John.
“The on-duty nurse checked in on him as scheduled at 6 am. The next round was at 7 am. By then, Mr. Reese was gone.” Amanda Carson confirms her statement with her grey clipboard and winks at Lestrade.
John thinks back to the morning when Glen Reese had called for his aid. Had it only been two days ago? It seemed like a lifetime away, back when he still had some semblance of control over his life. When he still had his secret.
John feels a chill run down his spine and he grips the edge of the table so hard that his knuckles whiten. “Did you tell him who you were meeting?”
Sherlock looks up, quickly schooling his features.
"If you sign up" Lydia continues, "and get deployed you´ll likely be sent to a combat zone, hundreds of miles away. How will you fare there? Can you kill somebody?"
“I wonder what’s going on,” John says after the fourth police car drives by “maybe there’s been an accident?”
“More guards or anything?”
.  A/O Press: 2000.
“Is that so.” Mycroft is using that overbearing tone of voice that suggests that Sherlock is unable to help John out of his current predicament with the Scotland Yard. As if Sherlock can’t…take care of John. Which is preposterous.
Allen Farren tries to stifle a loud whimper with his hands, dropping his tablet to the floor.  He rushes out of the room with a loud sob, his footsteps clicking away until they hear a door slam. The rest of the room watches him disappear in awkward silence before they look to Sherlock.
Crime scene technician Albert Thompson nods, “it’s real.”
"We always knew he was a murderer, but nobody would ever listen to us."
“It’s obvious.”
During the next couple of days, they spend it being perfectly ordinary and perfectly happy. They share proper, sitting-down-at-the-table breakfast. They spend an evening visiting the Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park. Sam ooh’s and aah's at the brilliant lights, but is left unconvinced by the grotto. John fails to coax him onto the ice skating rink, but Sam’s more than happy to accept the small flakes of candyfloss. They go to the Christmas market and drink thick, deliciously spiced hot chocolate, admire the Christmas lights in Convent Garden and ride the horse-drawn carriages in Victoria Park. Christmas invades their apartment, tinsel by tinsel. Finely crafted figurines and candle ornaments stand guard on their mantelpiece, brilliantly cut snowflakes with stunning geometrical patterns appear in their window. Sam adores every moment and John finds himself relaxing into the spirit of things.
“Oh,” John accepts her hand, her grip is surprisingly strong and firm, defiantly not the hands of an office worker. She smells of the pungent scent of soap and disinfectant, and it reminds him more of hospital cleaning supplies than what one would use for regular house cleaning.
John sighs deeply, a bit amused by the hopeless Alpha, and kneels in front of Sam. He smooths a hand over his cowlick, brushing back his hair and gently wiping away a few tears from his chubby cheeks. The crying ceases immediately, but Sam’s eyes are still large and shiny and John knows it won’t take much to make them spill again. Sam extends his hands to John, who easily fits him into his arms.
The television screen shifts to show various scenes of buildings ablaze. A warehouse. Cars. Shops. A row of smaller apartments. Paradise Gardens. Sirens cries out in the sky, clouds of smoke billows, red, and orange, yellow, and white, and black with sooth.
“You’re not being very reasonable,” Lestrade tries, knowing that asking for Sherlock to be reasonable is as about as useful as demanding the mountain come to Mohammed. Sherlock’s exasperation is broadcasting as clearly as a shout.
Glen Reese clasps his hands together, resting them in his lap. His feet tap an uneven rhythm against the floor in tandem with John’s pulsing headache.
“That’s…” He’s not sure how to end that sentence and is grateful that he doesn’t have to because his phone buzzes alive with a message. Phone. Work. He doesn’t have to talk anymore, he can do something he is good at instead.
, John smiles.
“Doctor Watson, what an unexpected surprise. What can I do for you?” He speaks slowly and there’s a hesitation in his tone that makes John suspect that the phone call is really not all that unexpected, but still unwanted.
In fact, he was thought Sherlock would know.
“Well,” Lestrade concedes,  “sure.”
John doesn’t know what is worse, the shame of being desperately hard or the feeling of his skin on fire.
It’s been a while since John’s been on the receiving end of a proper temper tantrum. Sam’s embracing every aspect of it like a champ. He howls. He shakes his fists, pushes away Sherlock's hands and kicks against the table with such force that it threatens to knock his chair over. Only Sherlock’s cat-like reflexes stops it from tumbling backwards.
It’s a tiny cupboard with a slanted window so high that it’s impossible to reach without a ladder. He’s managed to cram a desk and two plastic chairs into the small room, of which one wall is completely covered with a towering shelf, stuffed with books and printouts. The old computer boots up with the soundtrack of a plane taking off the runway.
The next morning dawns, crisp and clear and London seems almost desolate in the harsh, pale light. It’s one of those Sundays when it seems that everybody has decided to barricade themselves inside against the chill. Sam is bundled up securely against the cold with his hat pulled so far down over his head that not a single lock of hair is visible. His nose and cheeks are tinted pink by the frigid wind and his breath escapes in puffs of air as he points excitedly at a passing dog, one hand firmly locked in John’s.
It won’t be fine, not really. But John won’t forcefully insert them in Sherlock’s life. Sherlock hadn’t wanted to Bond with him. He might never have wanted children. Sherlock needs to know what he’s choosing.
He’s not bored, he’s endlessly fascinated with studying all the nuances of John’s and Sam’s interaction. He analyses Sam’s keen focus on the puzzle on the smart tablet  and the way he steals glances at John when John isn’t looking with an intent expression on his face, like he’s trying to calculate the odds of someone like John existing and being a part of his life.
I know some of you had some theories about the "main plot," and I'd be very interested to hear your thoughts on it. Please feel free to contact me in comments or on tumblr, http://friolerofiction.tumblr.com/
“That’s impossible!” he hisses, “Right?”
And now he has more. He has the memory of Sherlock’s fingers skimming along his bare arms, of his breath ghosting across the back of his neck. He knows the pitch of his voice when he softly moaned John’s name against his skin, knows the fire that twists along his spine. He has Sherlock’s son in his arms.
He thinks about Glen Reese and the beatific glow on his face as he talked about life with his Alpha. His mind can’t help but supply the helpful memory of Sherlock chiding him for the adjectives he uses in his blog and making it all sound like a romantic adventure. John wonders what other people see when he looks at Sherlock, and what Sherlock sees when he catches John’s gaze.
He’s grateful, really, for all the things he doesn’t have to see. The white sheet, knowing what is under. The ugly sutures, bruises and scars. Sherlock´s curls cut away to give the examiner a clear view of the head wound.
“Police constables don’t salute, John. That’s a military thing.”
“You are quite interesting, Doctor Watson,” Doctor Fenway says, his voice still warm and calm and grating on every inch of John’s self-control. “For most Omegas the instinct is to submit and protect oneself. You, however, seek danger in an effort, I believe, to prove to the world how you are most definitely not an Omega.”
“A pipe burst in one of our archives, everything has to be moved and sorted,” DI Lestrade says with a dismissive hand gesture, “and she was lucky enough to win the pleasure of organizing the move. Do you want a cup of tea?”
“Why were you at the police station?”
“It’s that tosser, Lee Finkle’s doing,” Burrell snaps, “as if that damned register wasn’t enough, now we can’t even serve our country or-”
“Thanks,” John smiles, and lets the warmth of the cup seep into his fingers. He lifts the cup to his lips and inhales the scent of dark, spicy, tea.
“Unless Andrew Nash ran into him at Fenway’s office,” John murmurs, “I’m guessing that detail doesn’t really matter. What matters is, well, first we have to prove that was a murder. If Nash didn’t confess to somebody, and if we assume that nobody deduced, then who told…whoever chose Nash to be punished for the crime of murdering his wife?”
“Yes. Painkillers and Mrs. Nash was prescribed,…” she flips through the files, “stesolid for her anxiety.”
“Well, hand it over,” Lestrade extends his hand, making grabbing movements with his fingers.
For a second, neither of them answers and Cobb moves his gun away from John to point it at Jane Hill.
An Alpha can break the Bond with no consequences to his own mental or physical health, while the Omega may suffer severe depression and anxiety (Fenway, M.D: 2000). It has been documented on several occasions that if the Alpha in a pair Bond dies, the Omega may suffer from seizures that can lead to coma and death. Little research has been done on the consequences on the Alpha if the Omega in the pair Bond dies. Some research, primarily conducted by Doctor Fenway, suggests that (Fenway, M.D: 2000) the Alpha will suffer severe mental deterioration.  There is no conclusive evidence to support this notion- as the circumstances are difficult to document.
“What did Mrs. Braithsworth say when she was confronted with her husband’s spending?” Sherlock’s voice pulls John out of his reverie.
"How many would have access to that kind of information? Not to mention the timing of it all."
“Somebody needs to tell him what to do,” Sherlock replies.
"You all right?" He knots his brows, regarding John with obvious concern. "Inhale through your mouth and exhale through your nose. Keep your head down. You´ll feel better."
He looks just the same.
“It’s so nice to have things returned to normal,” she says as she fills John’s cup.“The way it ought to be.”
“I want-” John growls, cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands, forcing the detective to meet his gaze. His eyes are blown wide with arousal, fathomless and John can’t remember seeing anything as magnificent.
Sally kneels and fishes out a pair of plastic gloves from her pockets, she slips them on. She hums, and then grabs the base of the figure and carefully tips it over. There is a very distinctive sound of something rattling inside the figure. She slides her hand inside and slowly pulls out again, clutching a plastic bag in her hand. Inside the bag, there is a dark, sleek box.
"You are going to experience Heats and heightened senses, improved sight, hearing and smell. This is of course to allow the Omega to protect itself and its Mate´s offspring from dangers."  Doctor Fenway continues.
It’s an impressive puzzle and though the box says it’s for kids aged ten and upwards, Sam sets about it with gusto, sorting all the different pieces into piles of blue, green, grey, corners and smooth lines. Sometimes John thinks his son likes sorting his toys more than he likes to play with them, remembering all the times Sam’s lined up his blocks and cars in an even line.
If John thought Lee Finkle had been dramatic with her whispered promise of information and the note surreptitiously slipped into his hands, it was nothing compared to seeing her in person. She’s clad in a beige trench coat with a hat right out of the 1940s, and a large scarf around her neck, obscuring her face. There’s a small, red, suitcase at her feet, and one of Fenway’s books in her hands.
“John?”
“My Alpha, Adrian, he’s… he’s… he’s gone,” Glen Reese bawls and it takes several moments for Glen Reese to compose himself enough to continue. “He broke the Bond and left, and I… I don’t know what to do without him!  What… what will happen to me?”
“Isn’t that jumping to conclusions?” Lestrade argues.
Sam, who’s been watching the exchange and picking up on the tension has a finger tucked against his lower lip and his hand knotted in John’s jumper.
Around 3.pm, a constable comes and collects John.
“John doesn't know that,” Lestrade adds, “just give him some time to cool his heels and he’ll come around.”
John goes upstairs to quickly shower and dress. He tries not to feel worried about Sherlock’s sudden descent into madness. First the Christmas tree, and now Harrods. What is going on? During the first year of their acquaintance when December came, there hadn’t been as much as a Christmas card in their apartment. John hadn’t really minded. Christmas was always about family and at that time he didn’t have the strength to navigate the dysfunctional waters of Harriet’s drinking and Clara’s sorrowful sighs.
“It was John who saved you, of course. Modern media has assured that he’s already an Internet sensation.”
“When I was five years old my dad died. My mom remarried a short while later and I got a stepfather. He was an Alpha, strict, domineering. From when I was six-years-old to the day I went to the Home when I was sixteen, my stepfather would rape me, three, four, five times during the week. Summer and winter, weekdays and weekends, mornings and nights. Year after year. My mother said that my stepfather was just like that, that nature had constructed him in such a way, that he had served his country and it was now our duty to take care of him. The rape was such an integrated part of my childhood that for many years I thought that this was how it was supposed to be, that all the kids had it just like me. It was just another thing one didn’t talk about. I was right in thinking that it is something we just don’t talk about, but I was wrong in thinking that the sexual abuse of children is normal. It’s more widespread than we’d like to think, but it’s….it’s not normal. My stepfather wasn’t normal, Alphas aren’t normal.”
*Make it 10. SH*
Lestrade, however, had sometimes acted as though he knew whom the killer was and that it was just a matter of finding him.
Well. Things would go back to normal and everything would be just fine. Millions of cells are replaced every day and soon whatever cells is making John think he’s attracted to Sherlock will decay and be replaced by new ones.
He gathers his patients’ files, shuts down the computer, straightens a few pens and papers on the desk. Closes the curtains and gathers his few meagre personal items, stuffs them in his medical bag to keep Mrs. Gillespie from asking questions he can’t answer.
The scene shifts as soon as Sherlock enters, John rises moving so that he’s standing just in front of Mrs. Hudson and Jacob slides over to Moriarty.
I would like, as always, to emphasise how grateful I am for every comment and kudos, it´s the lifeblood of this story. Thank you <3
“Why are you telling me this?”
“What was he arrested for?” Sherlock returns his attention to the screen and watches as John sits down on the narrow bench in the cell. He rolls onto his back, lying like that for a moment before he curls up, his back to Adrian Reese’s cell and the camera.
“I doubt they are the mastermind behind this. I want to talk to Glen Reese.”
Sherlock shakes his head, a final, dismissive gesture at Lestrade before he walks back to the window. He stands there for a while, hands clasped at the small of his back, his gaze locked on something far away.
“Yes?” he replies, already moving into the kitchen, intent on a glass of water. (No matter how annoying it is, he cannot deny his need to be hydrated.)
“Even if it means Glen Reese’s life?”
His breath catches in his throat when he tries to gather his scattering wits, and he doesn’t know who presses his hand against the black door, pushes it open and leads him inside, staring at  Mrs. Hudson’s flat straight ahead.
“We had ethical and judicial differences. ” John concedes. “It escalated to a loud argument.”
"Just" John says, gritting his teeth against the stench "tell me what you saw."
Sherlock waves a hand dismissively and John knows he’s lucky to even get that much of a response from him. He drags himself slowly up the steps to his room and into the bathroom. He shrugs off his clothes and steps into the shower, the water warm enough to make him shiver. Even over the sound of the water, John can hear Sherlock talking to Lestrade, asking for more details.
Five.
“Obviously someone knew John was being moved. Someone organized the uniforms and the identifications to such an extent that the Warden did not react to two unfamiliar constables walking off with a prisoner.”
A lot of tears, chocolate and hours of cat-therapy went into this chapter. I confess I was close to giving up several times. Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to keep on with your comments and kudos.
“Well, it’s true.” The man finally says. “You’ll go into Heat, and those bars won’t do anything to protect you from the Alphas in this station, I mean, they all have the keys and authority.”
“Thanks.”
“There’s no need to—” John starts, but Sherlock half turns and traps John with a despairing look. There’s no shelter from that gaze and it steals the breath right out of his lungs. Christ. The last time Sherlock’s Alpha personality showed itself like this, the detective ended up unconscious on the railroad tracks. John places a hand on Sherlock’s arm, giving it a careful squeeze. There’s a minute shift somewhere in his face, but his anger doesn’t disappear.
The scene shifts again to show a gaggle of dark figures, setting off fireworks and throwing rocks at a row of riot police, who are trying to shield themselves from the incoming projectiles.
But knowing does´t really matter. This is going to be non-consensual. Rape.
“Hmhm. The transcript from Doctor Fenway’s telephone records shows that yours was the last call received.” DI Dregs says, mostly to himself. “And was Doctor Fenway receptive to your request?” DI Dregs crosses his arms over his chest and leans back against the chair until it’s in danger of tipping over. He spreads his long limbs as if his goal is to take up as much space as possible, crowding in on John.  The detective inspector is trying to rattle him, and John hates that it is working; he hunches his shoulders and lower his gaze.
“It’s just my leg,” John winces and massages his thigh, kneading the pain until it's nothing but a dull ache.
He snaps the book shut with a grimace and hastily dismisses the image. Beads of sweat trickles down the back of his neck and he tugs at his collar, trying to slow the rapid beating of his heart.  He runs his hand through his hair again and steals a glance at Doctor Fenway, glad to see he still seems ignorant of Johns discomfort.
“Detective Inspector.”
"I dare you to ask Ms. Smith about it!"
He halts, staring at John and Sam at the kitchen table. For a second, Sherlock looks like he’s suddenly gotten lost in a minefield and doesn’t know which way to proceed without stepping on something. John can see every nuance of emotions warring for control in Sherlock’s eyes. His itch to rush off and confirm his theory. His desire to stay with them. The urgency to solve the case. He wants John to come with him. His obligations to Sam.
“The new occupant has a medical disability, ” John says, “so we needed to be certain the flat was up to standards.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I heard this guy had an arm ripped off!" Andrew exclaims with unmasked, morbid fascination. "The Alphas are suppose to be like, seriously, super strong."
"Sure thing, mate." There is something odd about his voice, but John is too relived to be free from his grasp and intrusive nose to study its implication.
But if they had gone home, why hasn’t Mycroft heard from them? Why hasn’t Hector reported in?
“Shite,” Lestrade flips through the bundle of papers, “there’s gotta be fifty names here.”
“What do you think they want?”
“She got a weekend pass to go to her sister’s funeral. She was scheduled to report to Holloway Castle at eight am today.”
“I am quite alright,” Sherlock says, softly. John’s smile relaxes a little, his hand sliding down until it’s tucked safely under Sherlock’s palm.
in fact still happening in London this evening and I fear we will not emerge from it unscathed.”
“We should head on home before we’re caught in the crowds.”
John Watson is busy carefully spooning milk over his Weetabix while Harriet licks strawberry jam off her knife and the back of her hand. She makes small snuffling noises around her toast as she mumbles scratches away on a belated homework.
Sam’s brown settles into why-must-I suffer-this-idiocy- frown that John’s all too familiar with and John wants to cuddle the smugness out of him.
John ends the call with a promise from Lestrade that he’ll check in on the detective and call John if he looks too twitchy.
What new acquaintances has John formed? He flickers through the list of names John has mentioned over the past few weeks and months. The majority (75,6%) of them are female.
“They are both in on it. You can tell by their uniform, the work is well done, but there’s one minor detail they got wrong.”
“What are you-” his phone is in his hands and then in Sherlock’s before Lestrade can finish his sentence.
Well, that was certainly no revelation, Sherlock had figured out long ago that he was not like his peers, something for which he was immensely grateful since they were all dull, dull, dull.
“There is also the issue of a little something called patient confidentiality,” DI Dregs remarks calmly.  “We will need a court order to get patient files unsealed and that can take weeks.”
"I´m what?" John blinks.
"So, please tell me about the evening of the 28th."
“Thanks, I’ll drop by and-“
“You need to stay out of the flat for a moment,” Sherlock declares, “there are….things… to be sorted.” He’s not even trying to be subtle.
Sam says, dipping his chin and staring at Mrs. Hudson from under his long lashes. It’s a look that would have melted the coldest of hearts.
John swallows again, his tongue feels thick and heavy and he struggles to make it form the words of protests that is racing through his mind: Get away, get away, get away, getawaygetaway. His skin feels as though it is on fire, tendrils of heat and lust twisting and curling at his groin.
“I’ll be happy to watch him anytime,” Mrs. Hudson smiles, petting the dog’s head.
Lestrade gives Sally a small nod, and she pulls out another set of photographs.
Decidedly hollow.
It takes John a few terrifying seconds to slow down his mind to a speed that allows him to digest Mycroft’s words. He twists away from the crowd until he’s certain nobody can overhear him.
“I’m so glad I met my Alpha early,” Glen quietly confesses, “I don’t know what I’d have done without him. He cares for me, he provides financial stability. He takes care of me and he loves me. I mean, he’s very protective…” Glen half-rises in his seat, and John sees his face brightening as he spots somebody in the crowd and he does a little half-wave again. John twists in his seat, but he’s unable to see with whom Glen is communicating.
John thinks about the way Doctor Fenway was murdered, the bruises, the restraint and the bullets that missed him.
“This is what happens when fear of the police evaporates.”
And Sherlock does the oddest thing, he runs his hand through the still damp strands of John’s hair and John has to steel himself to not arch up into the touch like a cat.
Lestrade goes pale to the tip of his ears, “what do you mean?”
, he signs with a stern expression.
“No, we’re fine.”
John feels his heart leap in his chest, and he’s on his legs in one heartbeat. The man across from him is leaning casually against the bars, his head cocked and his arms folded across his chest and a wry smile plastered on his face.
Mycroft frowns, straightening his posture, shifting one leg over the other.
Andrew Nash’s was a thirty-four-year-old newspaper vendor, originally from Scotland, but who had lived in London for the past ten years. He was a widower, with no known children. He had served several sentences for sexual misconduct, aggravated assault, and property damage. According to Nash's neighbors, Isidora and Andrew Nash's marriage had not been a happy one. Married at eighteen, their life together were nothing more than one long quarrel. Ten years ago Isidora hung herself in the couples' apartment. The death was quickly ruled as a suicide."
“If these two Alphas were important to the killers, then we should look at who was affected by their crimes,” John suggests, surpassing the urge to curb his ridiculous grin as he suddenly feels the heat from Sherlock’s hand against his lower back.
The inquests had soon overshadowed their attempts to catch Glen Reese’s  killer.
“Oh, this is interesting.»
He’s right, of course, because Mycroft is always right. Rushing off on the first plane to London is what John wants to do, to see Sherlock with his own eyes, to smell him, to feel the heat from him, wrap his fingers around his wrist and feel his pulse beat against John’s, to let all his senses register that he is alive. Assure himself of his wholeness.
He hates this, hates this feeling of all the newness of John. He should have stopped John from leaving, should have asked about the stain. He should have made John stay and feed him chow mei, curry, pad thai and buckets of tea.
It turns pink, then white.
Chapter 2.
Sherlock Holmes is back.
The car takes them to the backside of the airport where a sleek and slender private plane is waiting. Sam stares at in wide-eyed wonder, both arms wrapped around John’s neck and the raggedy dog plushie in a death grip.
“Turn around and walk back the way you come,” Sherlock’s voice is low and tight.
Lestrade clears his throat, once, twice, before finding his words.
Sam fingerspells something that looks like,
"Yes."
“First we checked the bathroom in 315 and then the toilets in the corridor. Sometimes if the bathroom is occupied the patients will use the ones in the hallway. When we didn't find Mr. Reese in any of the bathrooms, we searched the entire floor, and then the rest of the hospital. Occasionally patients  sleepwalk due to the stress of new surroundings and having to sleep in a room with strangers. None of the night staff, including the orderlies, janitors or the porters had seen Mr. Reese. At that point, security was alerted and we tried to contact Mr. Reese's next of kind, but we unable to locate him at any of the numbers he had provided on the emergency contact information.”
“What?” Lestrade exclaims, moving over to peer at the laptop’s screen. “How can you tell?”
"My name is Constance." She hands Sherlock a thick folder and continues without preamble. "We've found several cigarette butts and beer cans, but it is evident by their condition that they have been here for some time, and so we do not believe they pertain to this investigation. There was a brief shower of rain at from 06:13 am to 08:45. That allows us to conclude with some certainty that the tire marks we have recovered belongs to the vehicle you are seeking. The car they moved to, stood here for some time. From the location of all four tires, and along with tire size and tread design we have been able to narrow down the potential model of cars. Though Mr. Holmes told us, you were likely to want to confirm our conclusions for yourself."
Amanda Carson's smile quickly melts and she chews her lower lip nervously. “I can get you some of the footage, but….the rest is going to be difficult. They are automatically recorded over after 24.hrs if we don't interrupt the process.” She holds her a hand up defensively, “it's not my decision, we're not allowed to store sensitive data about people. EU laws have strict regulations on data storage of personal information.”
“Glen doesn’t have the luxury of waiting.”
-Adrian Reese had been killed, to test a theory.
“Clearly,” Lestrade intones in a voice that demands further elaboration.
“As I told you the first time you questioned me, I don’t remember much of that day at all. I woke up at the hospital, John was there and… he looked just… and then he told me about Sherlock and….”
Jane Hill nods, unable to stop her gaze from flicking to the man on the floor.
Lestrade is carrying a cup of coffee and is in the midst of devouring a doughnut. Donovan is glad she skipped breakfast for this particular crime scene.
Maybe she’s high or mentally disturbed, Sally Donovan thinks, nobody in their right mind runs like that.
“Time of death has been determined to occur somewhere between 11 am and noon on Sunday.»
“You need to relax for a few more minutes, Glen.”
The cat stares back in stony silence.
“Shall we play outside instead?”
What the pupils in LSE100 don't know is that Julie Summers has practiced this very speech for months. She had been told that one day the add in the newspaper would come and that on that day she would have to be ready. So she had prepared. She had practiced. She’s stood in front of the mirror and practiced the right kind of memory to dredge up that single tear. Her speech has been edited and every pause, every shy glance to the floor, the faint blush that tinted her cheeks had been perfected. She knew that the lecture hall was just the general act, that the first real act would come later.
“We should figure out why these two, of all the names on the list, why were Joseph Braitsworth and Andrew Nash chosen and how it all ties in with this campaign fronted by Edward Blithely and how Glen Reese got himself involved in it beyond his grave,” Sherlock says.
Mrs. Kettle seems to think that this is an excellent opportunity to avoid what might possibly dissolve into one of those emotional scenes that the British are keen to avoid, and with polite bob of her head, bids her farewell. Mary, however, remains still in Mrs. Hudson’s doorway, an odd little smile on her red lips.
"Christ," Lestrade mutters, turning off the tap and shaking water off his hands.
- Clearly John’s been saying something, because he’s moved further away and he’s looking at Sherlock expectantly and Sherlock, feeling like he’s been tethered to John, follows.
“Wouldn’t they have been transferred to that other specialist, like…that Asian one?”
“Sherlock, I am in love with you.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Molly is going to chide him for not making more of an effort. For not running after John or dragging more answers out of him. But he’s hardly in a position to demand the truth from John Watson, when he’s keeping the biggest one from him.
“No! But I don’t like those men. I think somebody cut them.”
The female news anchor looks up from her papers to address the nation, “the metropolitan police has described the riots the worst since the London Riot of 1981. The riots started when a peaceful protest over the Parliament refusal to debate the list of demands set forth by Edward Blithely, despite 100 000 signatures gathered. The reason rejection of the petition was stated to be because it violets the privacy act.”
Lestrade nods.
With the other hand he pushes John´s jacket off his shoulders, trapping John´s arms behind his back. He slides a finger along his neck, pulling the collar away and exposing his neck. The air feels warm and heavy against his clammy skin.
He takes the tube because he needs the normality of it, he needs to be part of the afternoon crowd of commuters, to blend in, inhale the stale air of the Underground.
-Edward shakes his head and folds his hands on the table, his self-confident smirk finding its way back to his lips. Not for the first time, Lestrade remembers that Edward is a professional actor: he’s working from a script while the rest of them are trying to figure out which role he’s playing. Main lead, obviously, but is he the antagonist or just the stand in for the real villain?
“I see,” Lestrade says in the resigned tone of voice that allows Sherlock victory before the argument has even started.
"Seriously, super strong?" John asks, only half paying attention to Andrew because he´s still focused on watching the BBC camera sweep between the crowd and the police officers stationed outside the crime scene. A finely dressed news reporter is talking into the camera, her face set in a stern, serious grimace, while in the background a tall, brown-haired police officer is talking to a teenager, who cannot not be much younger than John.
They boy walks a few steps behind his sister, his tiny hands wrapped tightly around the straps of his backpack.
Sherlock presses his lips to a thin line.  He knows he is right about his deductions, even if they cannot find the evidence to support it.
“John. Watson.” Lestrade enunciates each syllable. “The man you kidnapped from the police custody cell.»
John spares a brief moment to worry about Mycroft’s lax in security if they hadn’t picked up on Alexander lurking around Baker Street, she’s hardly an inconspicuous figure.
“John said Glen Reese visited him once, did you ever meet him?”
It’s only one stop to Marble Arch, but John is still glad to be back above ground, among the snowfall and the fresh air. Sherlock tugs the collars of his coat up while John manages to pry a woolly hat over Sam’s curls without any arguments.
John hadn’t been able to sleep. He had been feeling hot and restless with his breath hitching in his throat and the night playing on repeat over and over again in his mind. First he had felt exceedingly embarrassed. Not because he was an Omega, but because he´d been too paralyzed to do anything. His words too thick to get out. He couldn’t do anything but sob and beg his assailant to let go. But he hadn´t, and if Sam Milligan hadn´t arrived when he did, John would have- he could not even finish thinking the sentence.
The camera zooms out for a moment and focuses on the contemplating face of Joseph Braithswort. He wets his lips, his eyes moving to watch something he’s holding in his hand. In the background they can just make out the eager face of Andrew Nash.
“Nothing,” DI Dregs says. “This man was about to reveal your secret-“ John is about to protest, but DI Dregs continues unheeding. “There is no need to play coy, Doctor Watson, and it is always a secret. Nobody ever wants the world to know they are an old evolutionary brood bitch.”
“Interesting,” Lestrade says politely and John shrugs away his attempt at small talk.
“You said that this was all about attention. Yours, I assume."
John stares at DI Dregs, various clues slowly slotting into place.
This is the last "prologue." There is a bit of dialogue and I apologize if things seems sketchy.
Sherlock returns, his own movement clumsy with the unfamiliar gestures of the simple phrases he’s been practicing. Sam, however, is impressed, even though he twists away from Sherlock and tucks his head against John’s knee.  Sherlock quells his unease with the knowledge that John had said Sam was shy around strangers (which Sherlock is after all) and that all research (even if it was limited to parenting sites) showed that almost all toddlers experience the occasional bouts of bashfulness around unfamiliar adults.
!). He wills himself to remain still, digs the sole of his shoes into the ground as if they can somehow anchor him to this spot and stop him from wrapping his hands around that…that
“So, let’s say you can prove it was a murder, why do you think it’ll prove Crawford is the “marine?”
“I will,” John says, pushing past Mycroft. She looks tiny and frail, bundled in blankets and secured to the stretcher. Christ. John´s not sure if he'll ever be able to forgive himself or Sherlock if Mrs. Hudson doesn't pull through.
“There was a bit of an argument regarding his intentions, but I didn’t kill the man!” John snarls. He knows he’s loosing his calm and is in danger of rushing headfirst into a conflict with DI Dregs.
“You shouldn’t say anything, John.” DI Lestrade murmurs, casting a fleeting glance over his shoulder before he continues down the corridor.
“As I have always said,” Edward Blithely says to the camera, “I do not condone any form of violence. Our cause is just, and with just means we will see it completed.”
His phone is buzzing insistently in his pocket, and he pulls it up and flickers it open with one sweep of his thumb.
, John says, wiping sleep from his eyes and feeling surprisingly tired. He’s used to cope with only a few hours of sleep, but today he finds it hard to keep his eyes open
“What the hell do you want?”
He dresses, drags a comb through his hair and brushes his teeth. He descends the stairs and hears the quiet hum from Mrs. Hudson’s radio. The flat is the same as it was last evening. Books, papers, bullet holes. He doesn’t know why he expects it to be different- why he thought that anything would be different, as if one night with Sherlock would send his world off tilt.
“Mr. Reese.” Sherlock twists around the bed so that he can grab Reese’s patient file. Admitted last night for attempted suicide. In his own bathtub. It seems that even this Omega’s attempt to end his life was a dull one.
“Yes.”
They enjoy a dinner of pasta and Sam manages to get most of the sauce on his clothes, in his hair and in Sherlock’s hair. So, John treats him to a bath and by the time he’s tucked into bed, Mrs. Kettle and Hector arrive to babysit.
“They were the prequel, the warm-up to the main show. I also imagine they were….convenient, as Moriarty isn’t one to leave anything unfinished.”
Sherlock is released from hospital the next morning with strict instructions to take it easy the next couple of days and to contact them immediately should he feel nauseous, vertigo or experience any trouble with his vision. Sherlock makes his promises, points out that he’s living with a doctor and a few minutes later he summons a taxi, giving the driver the address to the late Finkle’s address. John remains quiet the entire journey, but it’s the content kind of quiet that isn’t necessary to fill with small talk.
Toby sniffs at Mary’s feet, ears flickering back and forth, tail wagging restlessly.
“So you think this is part of the…” she glances around. The room is empty, but she doesn’t dare complete the sentence. They can’t talk about it. Ever. It’s part of the promise they both swore.
“The violence is spreading,” the newsanchor’s voice explains, “this image comes from Manchester where we have reports that a number of fires have been set and that the fire response team is having difficulty covering them all and is currently having to prioritize residential areas.”
“I think you’re having a panic attack.”
John returns to the kitchen, tidies away the rest of the plates and cutlery, then he makes himself a cup of tea and brings it to the living room. His phone is quiet, and John cannot decide if it is a good sign or not. Sherlock would first have gone to the forensic mortuary in Westminster to get the keys from Molly. Then he would have to take a cab across town to Paradise Gardens. It'd be late by the time he arrived at the old crime scene.
John lifts his shoulders into a brief shrug. “An experienced physician or nurse would have been able to make an approximate guess. I’d say there’s a bit of a risk involved in drugging Alphas on Stesolid, their body chemistry usually dissolves toxins faster. This seems like a well planned venture, so they must have known the drug would work, which would indicate either prior experience or extensive medical knowledge.”
The omega turns his bleary eyes on John, and John forces a smile he hopes is sincere.
His gaze is fixed right on hers when he answers, or so it would seem to the hundred thousand viewers watching the show, when in truth, it is pinned on the decorative studio background.
“He’s always boasted about how he can orchestrate these… great plots, years in planning. When you hear him talking, it is most impressive, all his plans, his visions. Like the world is his Machiavellian playground.” Doctor Fenway turns to John with a fond smile that John knows isn’t meant for him.
No. He doesn’t care to return to his experiment. Not yet, at any rate. Maybe later, when he knows everything about Sam (which will occupy him for the rest of his lifetime.) After the case is solved.
The room is silent for only a second before it explodes.
Jane Hill tosses her head and Cobb moves slowly towards the door, keeping his gun trained on John as Jane Hill moves to the doorway.
John thinks of his own visit with Mycroft and feels his gut twist in sympathy. The first time he met with Doctor Fenway in this office he had thought him a man of authority and power.  After getting acquainted with the older Holmes, he had had to reconsider his definition of the words.
Sam scrunches his nose in thought, licking blueberry from his fingers before swooping his hand down from his nose.
He’s not sure if he’s feeling disappointed, relieved or concerned- but in the end he settles for feeling hungry and dead tired.
Simon Whitewell.
John circles his fingers gently around Sherlock’s wrist, before sliding them down to cover his hand, lacing their fingers together, and smiles.
John can feel heart dip, and he swallows and swallows before he merely nods and looks away. With one final squeeze of Sherlock’s fingers, he brushes softly past him to follow DI Lestrade.
“The protest was organized over social media, a tool Edward Blithely has used well to front his campaign. Several gatherings were planned at various cities.”
“Glen Reese is an admitted murderer and kidnapper, if you think I will let him-“
“Right,” Lestrade says and Sherlock quickly demands “We will need all the footage of the doorway to room 315.”
Edward’s smile is bright and sharp when he answers, “I think the government has a duty to adhere to the will of the people.”
“Is that damned heater broken again?”
It’s been such a gradual process, falling in love with Sherlock Holmes, that John doesn’t notice how deep he’s sunk until he realizes that he
He doesn´t find an answer and he carries the question with him the rest of the evening. He mulls it over during tea and he carries it with him to bed. It keeps him up at night, twisting and turning and rolling around in his head until it settles somewhere in the pits of his stomach.
“Which one is it?”
John stares at the message until the cab jolts to a halt at a red light. When the cab moves again, John rolls down the window and throws the phone onto the street.
And then several things happen at once.
Sherlock reads, his expression unreadable, but there is pain in the hunched set of his shoulders.
It's a chilly spring morning and John immediately regrets leaving his scarf at home. Sherlock is already doing that thing where he can make a cab appear within seconds. The backdoor is thrown open and Sherlock folds himself into the backseat and John follows, far less gracefully.
“Yes,” Lestrade says, “John left me his phone so I could call 999, mine isn’t working and Sherlock’s phone hasn’t been charged. We were here all last evening, working on the Isidora Nash case and-“
“And why were these two chosen in the first place? Of all the names on the list, the killers chose these two? There must be a personal connection between them and the killers.”
“He needs medical aid, now.”
I've spent about three months on this chapter, because finding SH's was such a daunting and difficult task. I hope I've managed to maintain some of the character's integrity. There is a bit of a jump in time, but I hope it is not too confusing.
"I know the life of discrimination that you may face. If you take your Suppressants there is no reason anybody should ever recognize you as an Omega."
Down at the Yard, they collect his clothes and shoes for evidence, sealing them away in clear plastic bags. John pities the technician that has to work with his shirt, marinated in sweat, and mattered in blood and vomit.
John counts the seconds, and this time the seizure lasts almost three minutes.
“Your client put himself in this situation, Mr. Coil. We're working a kidnapping case and don't have time to wait for him to sober up. Mr. Whitewell has said that he is willing to answer our questions.”
And to all my readers, most sincere thanks to all of you who drop me a kudos or comment. I´d not be able to write without you.
“Shouldn’t you have a warrant?”
“When you reach the arousal phase. Your pulse rate will increase; respiration levels are elevated, your muscles tense, it will be like a horrible itch that you can’t scratch, and It. Will. Drive. You. Mad. It lasts for hours, days, until you're so exhausted you can't even move, and so desperate you don't care with whom or how you get your release.”
“He insists he’s recreating the crime scene,” Lestrade explains, “but he’s doing something odd with magazines and a cassette tape that he thinks I’m too slow to comprehend. He’s ruined three tapes already.”
“What now?” her voice is straining against her barely contained hysteria.
“John?” Mycroft says, “I think you should stay away from Baker Street until we’ve resolved this-“
“Oh, right. Sherlock’s brother,” the mere unmentioned of Mycroft makes Molly grimace. She couldn’t really tell if Sherlock had included his brother in his plans or not. At the funeral the blankness in his face had been studied and perfect and bloody creepy.
Sherlock frowns, and moves closer to better observe John and this stranger. Sherlock drags his gaze quickly over the man from head to toe, noticing the way the suit hugs his slender shoulders and curves gently across the slope of his back. The trousers have a press so sharp it could probably cut bread, and runs a smooth, unbroken path along the man’s long legs (athlete’s legs, jogs regularly) until the hem comes to rest at exactly the perfect height (a bespoke suit). A pair of pale brown, hand sown Derby shoes. It’s a suit that would cost a quarter of John’s army pension.
“You've never had one before,” Glen Reese continues as if they're just sharing a nice chat about the weather, “my first one was terrible.”
“You should let Glen Reese go, he’s got nothing to do with this,” John says.
John spends a full minute brushing his teeth, avoiding his own reflection, then he pulls on his pajamas and tucks himself under the duvet. The thunderstorm breaks and throws heavy rain against his window. John lies awake and watches the flashes of lightning play in the grey skies and for the first time since he moved into 221B the pain from his leg keeps him awake into the early hours of Friday.
It strikes John how he’s already used to this strange life of his as a flatmate and occasional assistant to the world’s only consulting detective. These strange life and death situations Sherlock and he find themselves in and the weird calm in between cases. It’s cured him of his psychosomatic limp. And when they don’t have a case he loves the domesticity they somehow, inexplicably, have found themselves in, with Sherlock conducting some sort of experiment in the kitchen while he reads. John’s not sure how he will be able to cope without this. Is he going to back to a dreadful council estate flat and a fulltime job at a clinic? Is he ever going to read a newspaper or watch the news and wonder how Sherlock was involved in the solving of a particularly crime?
Disclaimer: none of the characters belongs to me
Sherlock clears his throat, startling John out of his reverie.
Molly follows him, casting suspicious glances at Crawford.
They walk around the winding path, making their way through a tunnel to look at various animals, and stopping to admire the pygmy hippo. They enjoy Mrs. Kettle’s delicious packed lunches in the large, cool stable that houses the giraffes. It’s one of those rare, bright, days in London that is deceptively warm. Sam has already pulled off his hat twice and when he tries to feed it to the giraffes, John takes pity on him and sticks it into Sam’s backpack.
“Hang on,” John raises his hand, grateful for Sherlock’s silence allowing him to catch up with the detective’s line of reasoning. “How does somebody fake….a fake signature?”
Lestrade arches an eyebrow and Sherlock realizes that John hasn’t told him everything about their meeting with Lee Finkle. Sherlock fills in the gaps and by the time he’s done with his postulation that the actor is Edward Blithely, Lestrade’s eyebrows are battling his hairline for dominance of his forehead.
Sherlock doesn’t look at Sam, too fascinated in studying the changes to John’s face, the hitch of his breath, the red tint on his neck, the flit of his eyes.
“Guv`?” she asks cautiously and places a gentle hand on his arm. She can feel the tremors through his thick coat. He’s muttering something, but she can’t quite catch his words and when he turns to look at her, his face is pale and drawn. Maybe the sight of the head has unsettled his usually stoic stomach for corpses.
“You shouldn’t have sent him running then,” DI Dregs bites out. “Donovan, go and fetch the assistant, bring him down to the Yard to make his statement.”
The male constable spots Lestrade, and he perks up like a dog spotting a treat. “Sir, sir!”
John turns around and sees Sherlock move three pawns into a triangle, one between the tape, two outside it. The two bald men speak in hushed voices, but John is too distracted by Mycroft’s relegation and Sherlock’s explanation to pay attention to what they are saying.
Sherlock unfolds himself from the chair, carrying the computer with him as he walks the length of the living room. He immerses himself fully in the text, quenching the uneasy flutter in his stomach. He can feel the muscles in his jaw tighten when he comes to the chapter on «David»’s first encounter with an Alpha. But he moves on, scoffing at the chapters dictating to analyzing, what is essentially, his and John’s relationship.
“My client has already said that he’s not interested in discussing personal medical matters,” ms. Alton says.
“When it was obvious it wasn’t working, I left it in Cobb’s pocket- I…maybe Jane Hill or Glen Reese took it?”
“No, you’ll just be murdered for their contents,” DI Dregs snorts.
It makes John angry and he digs his nails into his palms and doesn’t relax his grip until DI Lestrade leaves.
John feels the sour taste of bile in his mouth, and he tries to swallow it down, but it just grows.
“You won’t get a rise out of me,” John says calmly, even though he feels his defiance mounting. Best to show her that he isn’t afraid.
He slips his hand into his pocket, feels the small, oval shape. If he presses this button, within minutes this building will be swarmed by men in expensive black suits carrying guns. Mrs. Gillespie will probably serve them all tea, but Burrell might find himself in the backseat of a car with tinted windows and a new perspective on life.
John wonders if there is a compliment in there somewhere.
So many things have happened these past few days that the sudden rush back to status quo, to what passes for normal in Baker Street, makes John realize that he’s not had time to give any thought to the part Lestrade and Molly played in Sherlock’s deception.
“Was his name on the List?”
John nods and replies,
It had felt like goodbye.
“Erh, yeah, take care John,” Lestrade calls and watches John disappear down the corridor, hears his footsteps echoing down the stairs, the sound of the door closing.
Suddenly the grip on his hair disappears and he falls forward, his chin hitting the ground and his mouth fills with the terrible taste of his own blood as he bites his own tongue.
And the knowledge of the fact that Sherlock would be proud of him for solving it is making John´s throat feel unexpectantly dry.
Then a ribbon of blue lights appear that wind their  way down the road.
“Just, put him in a cab. I’ve got an appointment,” he sighs.
Glen Reese goes rigid, his head twisting like a dog scenting the air. And John hears it too, the sound of vehicles coming their way. Not one, two…five….seven?
The waiter arches a brow, before his gaze slides slowly from John to Sherlock, as the detective slides Sam’s plate across the table towards himself.
“The information on the fire you requested, sir,” she says. She brings the tablet alive and flicks it towards the relevant side before handing it over. Mycroft scans it quickly, picking out the key pieces of information he’s looking for.
He doesn’t doubt it. Burrell looks like he could complete the two-mile Army Run without breaking a sweat.
“Yeah, somebody else took care of him. Properly.”
He pauses, wets his lips and tries to regain control of his words. “Most of you know me from role as ‘Martin’ from ‘Leadworth Way,’ but there are circ-circumstances in my life that you know nothing about, circumstances that have darkened my life, a darkness I cannot escape even if I should live to be a hundred.”
“Certainly,” Edward smiles and leans back in the chair again, one leg crossed over the other, fingers steepled at his stomach. “Firstly, as I’ve already said, we want to remove clemency on all crimes committed by Alphas during….hormonal imbalance,” he doesn’t even try to hide his distaste at the words, but quickly resumes his neutral tone. “We want to make Bonding illegal, so we can have a constitutional marriage instead, wherein we will not permit Alphas to assert more than a legal claim on their spouses. The consequences of these Bonds are far too dangerous for this practice to be allowed to continue. We want the Alpha Registry to be available to the public so that people may know of the possible dangers inherent in their neighborhood. We also want to give people the legal right to refuse to sell or let their property to an Alpha.  Finally, we want all Alphas removed from positions of office and authority. They’ve wrecked havoc on our economy, and have been the cause of a massive corruption scandal in the police. Too long have we allowed them to govern vital institutes without question. Finally, we want to bring back the death penalty.”
“What is he on about?” The old woman exclaims. “Murder? What murder?”
They bundle into the train car and are lucky to find a student eager to give up her seat for Sam and John. Sam presses his face against the glass, staring at the flickering display of alternating light and dark. Sherlock stands with one arm looped around the handrail, tapping away on his phone .
“Quiet,” he hisses.
“Do you know you got a little something-” Lestrade begins to point out, motioning at his cheek.
“Glen could have had help from “Jacob”,” John appears by his side “who, by his own confession worked closely with Fenway for years. For all we know, they invented the system together.”
John wipes grit away from his eyes. He glances at the red numbers on the alarm clock. It’s a little over five am.
“He’d be the safest child in the world,” Mycroft says, leaving room for nothing else.
"I´ll see you later, pet" Adam calls. His smile is sharkish.
Does he realize the impact the unraveling of Moriarty’s web has on his own city?  Sherlock isn’t going recognize the London he returns to.
It’s just past noon, but the weather is keeping most lunch-goers indoors. Sam sticks close to John, one hand tucked safely in his, the other one keeping his toy dog secure. A few steps inside the park, John’s grip on Sam’s hand tightens. Sherlock slips his phone into his pocket and John feels the Alpha’s body going tense.
“What’s your name?” DI Dregs asks.
“Yes, there are.”
He pauses on the final step, staring at the brass B against the black door. There’s a myriad of possibilities waiting inside his flat, and even if John knows which outcome he prefers, he’s not really certain he knows which one Sherlock would favor. Will Sherlock ignore the kiss, ignore that John was kidnapped and held hostage for two days because…because Moriarty knew that if John was in Heat, Sherlock would not be able to control his Alpha instinct?
Jane Hill grins and pulls  a bottle out of her pocket and shakes it, as if John’s a cat she’s trying to tease. John recognizes the bottle easily enough; it’s the same type of vitamin B he’s got in the bathroom cabinet.
“John is….” Sherlock places himself between John and the young constable, and John can see the effort it takes Sherlock to keep his voice steady in the curl of his fists.
“Yes.” Lestrade quickly interjects.
He’s brought it up many times before. With the sway of a train carriage, on a cold and dreary sidewalk and endless nights in dark hotel rooms. He’s had hundreds of little conversations with him, had practiced all the things he’d tell him, stored information that John would find interesting. Like that odd little Italian restaurant in a basement along the harbor of Copenhagen,  the Musée d’Histoire de la Médecine in Paris, the museum for Semmelweis, inconspicuously tucked away along the Danube in Budapest. The sharp peaks of Arakur in Argentina, where it the jagged mountains makes the horizon looks like it’s been torn in two. Standing in Uvac Canyon and watching the night sky with its millions of white dots, like spilled milk. He’d stored all these observations, so he can revisit them there with John and see them again.
He knows that John takes his coffee with too much milk and two cubes of sugar. John doesn’t like his coffee white and sweet, but he indulges because he can, and out of some sort of asinine sentiment for the deployed men and women who are still chewing sand and instant coffee grain. He learns how the only decent shirt John owns is at least eight years old and has never been worn because it was given to him as a birthday present by his sister before Harriet lost her job as rising star attorney and her wife to alcoholism. John keeps the shirt because it’s the last gift he got from his sister before the two fell out over Harriet shirking her responsibilities and duties and John embarking on his for Queen and Country.
“I can’t live without him!”
Jane Hill bites her lower lip, “he was complaining about a stomach ache, and that he was dizzy, but I thought it was just the food.”
“What’s going on?” Sherlock pulls Sam closer to his side, just in time to save him from a group of teenagers running down the street with eager shouts and curses. They are dressed in black, with scarves wrapped around their faces, which have nothing to do with protecting them from the cold. Right at their heels is a group of boisterous men, knocking shoulders and waving their arms, uncaring of the people around them.
“He told me he likes the game, that he enjoys planning it all out in meticulous detail. “People are predictable, they always think they are in control, they just don’t know how far the net extends.”
“Stop it. Now.”
"Be that as it may" their mother replies, "they are people too and should be treated with respect."
The wail of police sirens is so frequent that he quickly learns to let it dim into the ambient noise of people crying, shouting, moaning and fucking. John likes the sounds, it reminds him of the war zone, and the distorting noises are better than the clamor from the fateful gunshot that vibrated through his head when he was bleeding out in the arid sands.
“Hmm,”Sherlock hums in a tone Lestrade doesn't quite know how to interpret. Christ, what he’d give for John here to be translate Sherlockian to the lay folk.
Chapter 1.
"We hear far worse at school," Harriet chirps, earning a worried frown from their mother and a puzzled glance from John. He certainly never hears anything.
They haven’t really spoken since John announced that he was going to find his own place.  Well, they have talked, certainly, but about everything but
Her brother eyes the book suspiciously. It looks thick. With a huff, he disappears back into the gym and Saanvi returns her attention to the book. She closes her eyes, pretends she’s part of the story. Pretends she didn’t hear her mother cry last night. Her father shouting. They think she’s too young to understand, but she knows that the bank closed and took all their money. That her mother works three different jobs and that her father can’t find employment because he’s an Alpha.
“Newspaper?”Doctor Coleman shrugs.
“Fine, fine. Just…we’re getting out of here, do you want to stay with Cobb?”
“Because-” Sherlock starts, only to be rudely interrupted by Lestrade, “I mean, why did -you- break the pattern with Simon Hill. You rush back here days after he’s found murdered in, as you would say, a spectacular manner, alongside two men who, besides being Alphas, have no connection to you or John."
John’s lips twitches in an almost smile. Sam seems to have done all of his required sleeping during his first six months. There had been days when John had scoured the Internet and medical textbooks to see if it was usual for babies to sleep as much as Sam did. He had even asked Mycroft if he remembered what Sherlock had been at that age. Mycroft’s response had been a lofty tale of a Sherlock who had hardly slept at all until he was three years old and who almost drove his parents to madness. It had not been reassuring.
Almost there. Almost safe.
“Are you upset that he’s back? Are you afraid?” Sherlock runs his gaze over John, searching for clues in John’s bleary eyes.
“You’ll want to do as he says.” A languish voice says from the cell opposite his and John suddenly thinks it sounds strangely familiar. The man, however, is curled around a book, his back to bars.
“Then, the killer realized that your suicide was a fake. Nobody tries to get the attention of a dead man."
“You want me as some sort of bait for Sherlock,” John struggles to put the words into a coherent sentence, “then why is Glen Reese here, he’s no threat to…to anybody!”
John steals a glance at the crowd, and he tries to catch Sherlock’s eyes, but the Alpha is fully engrossed in his demonstration and the audience is hanging on his every word. Except for Crawford, who keeps glancing at the door. Is he looking for a way out, should things get heated? John frowns, but it’s impossible to read anything from Crawford’s studied poise.
John turns, startled that he didn’t hear her approach. Mary is standing at the foot of the stairs, smiling kindly at him. She is dressed in a black coat, a red scarf around her neck with matching red gloves. In the crook of her arm rests a large basket, the weight of it pulling on her arm.
“Where they found like this?”
“Oh, John,” she says, pulling away for a moment and dabbing a finger at her eyelashes, “it’s so good to see you again.”
Their guide ensures that their purchases are taken away to be expertly wrapped and stored until they leave. Sam’s an eager participant at first, pointing at people (the woman in blue, Sherlock says, is buying gifts far above her means to impress her friends. See, expensive coat, cheap shoes, fake purse) and the magnificent displays.
The library had been commandeered to on-site headquarters. Constables are milling back forth. The first hours are the most critical ones and as many sources as possible are located to gather evidence and compile witness statement. It’s grueling, painstaking work, and while Lestrade sometimes feels like there’s too many chiefs compared to indians, it’s crucial to build the foundation of their investigation.
"Fingerprints from the police car?"
“Excerpts are hesitant to make a connection between the recent influx of homicides and violent crimes to the growing rioting and hatred of Alphas,” the reporter says to the camera. “Many are clamouring for an end to these unrests, and for answers to crimes proposed by the so-called List. Others demand changes to the legal proceedings such as stricter consequences for Alpha offenders, despite their youth and the circumstances of the incidents. Edward Blithely, seen by many as the leader and instigator of a growing social movement against Alphas, has said that he does not condone violence of any kind. He has been unable to comment on the recent-”
“I’d say so, you see-”
“No, that’s not it, John thrives on danger, he’s an adrenaline junky. He likes danger.”
“Maybe he didn’t choose it,” John points out, even though he knows Mycroft has already entertained that line of reasoning.
"How are you adjusting to civilian life?" Doctor Fenway ends each session with, and each time John Watson insists "Fine. Just fine. Nothing ever happens."
Within days  he was diagnosed with early stage dementia, which worsened throughout its progress.  Parallels can certainly be drawn with Alzheimer’s disease.”  (Unpublished notes of Fenway, G. MD. Date unknown. )
‘Place the heel of your hand on the centre of the person’s chest,’ his memorised first-aid instructor adds. ‘If you go too low on the chest there’s a bone there, quite sharp, it’s called the Xiphoid and its purpose is to protect the heart and the soft organs in the chest cavity. If you break it, you will suddenly have a sharp projectile in the victim’s body. Very not good. Go slightly higher, there, now, well done. Place the heel of your other hand on top of your fist. Lace them together. Keep your arms straight, Watson, CPR is heavier and more tiresome than you might think. You’ll need to take advantage of your own body weight when you do the compression. Good, look here everyone how Watson is doing it, his arms are straight and his shoulders are directly over his hand. Perfect! Now, remember to push hard and fast, compressing the chest at least two inches. Don’t worry about injuring or breaking any ribs, a person can recover from that. He won’t recover from death.’
Sherlock´s tiny circle of acquaintances.
John closes his eyes for a second. He can still hear Moriarty and his henchman move around downstairs, the sound of the kettle, cutlery, and plates. He can still smell the heavy scent of an Alpha.
When Sherlock pushes inside John, something shifts and the room is suddenly quiet. Sherlock is panting, his hair a mess and his eyes wild, and John knows they feel the same. During the first thrust, Sherlock’s eyes remain open and focused right on John's, but soon they fall closed, and their bodies move together like an old dance they have practiced countless times. John holds his Alpha, vulnerable yet powerful, in his arms and closes his eyes as he lets all the sensations – warm, firm, gentle, earthy – wash over him..
Ah. Of course.
. He allows himself experience again the relief that comes with the realization.
John watches as they take some final close-up photographs of Doctor Fenway’s head and chest and then proceed to carefully lift the late Doctor into a black body bag and zip it shut.  John follows the proceedings silently, respectfully, like he always does. No matter how many scenes he visits, no matter how many bodies are carried out, he can never manage to truly distance himself.  Unlike Sherlock, whom he knows only sees the remains as a source of data and evidence; John cannot help but to see the individual.  And this was a person he’d known for all of his adult life, and even if they hadn´t parted on amiable terms or his motives were all that good, Doctor Fenway did help John in a time when he had no idea what to do.
“What for,” he gripes, “there’s nothing for me- just, just prison.”
Lestrade flips through the file, notices the regular schematics and tests results. No alcohol or toxins in his blood. He’ll read them later, again and again, until he’s been able to eke out some evidence or clue that will lead him to the next step.
Eventually, they start clearing the clutter of their luncheon, Sam proudly carries his own plate to the dishwasher and only manages to spill half of its remaining content on the floor
She flicks through Lestrade’s report with an expression that would frighten small children. Whenever Lestrade is forced to visit Marlow’s office, he always leaves feeling guilty and incompetent, even if he has just closed a case with satisfactory results and within budget. Today he feels about as welcome as a recurrence of the Black Plague.
What was it John was supposed to see? That it wasn’t real affection, that Sherlock was just acting on instincts and impulses that he could not control? That it was John’s pheromones that sent him running into the interrogation room to John’s rescue?
“Biding his time?” The other woman laughs, “you make him sound like he’s some master villain. Honestly, I think he’s just enjoying the attention, you know, until, ” she lowers her voice, “I heard somebody sent him a decapitated head.”
“At least for the next five hours or so,” Sherlock says with a nod to the computer screen. “We need to identify the other members of the group, they might cave to pressure.”
“Don’t lie to me.”
At first he worries that Sherlock can’t understand his apologies, his response is stiff, hesitant, like this is a language Sherlock doesn’t understand, but then he spindles his fingers down to John’s stomach and around to John’s hips and pulls him closer. Then Sherlock’s caresses grows needy and he puts a hand on John’s neck and he kisses John’s mouth. Hard. Soft. He drags his lips across John’s cheek and to his ear, saying between each new kiss, “it’s fine.”
They eat for a moment in silence. It’s not an uncomfortable one, but there’s a noticeable tension in the air and John cannot stop studying Glen Reese’s every movement: the way his chin wobbles when he chews, the way his fingers look even fatter dabbing the thin napkins to the corner of his fleshy lips.
If the executions are personal, then who insisted that Simon Whitewell should be included? Was it Glen Reese?
(See the end of the chapter for
Bloody hell.
The surveillance cameras across the street from the delivery point were out of commission, leaving them with a distant view of a busy sidewalk and no way to tell if any of the pedestrians are carrying parcels or stopping to deliver them.
There, there is the Sherlock he recognizes.
“He´s not as happy as me to see you, but no need to worry,” her smile is sharkish.
He waits. He begs. He prays.
But it will get better.
John smiles, soft and crooked, “well, why not?”
For a full day he had been interested in Carl Jung and still remembers the musty smell from the well-worn book
“I see,” Marlow flicks through another few pages, never even pausing to read them. “How is the investigation into the arson at Finkle´s practice going?”
Sam curls his right hand into a loose fists, places his left hand, also curled in a fist, right above, and then raises it upwards in a smooth movement.
“Go ahead,” DI Dregs says with a nod of his head.
"Fuck, you think this is Moriarty?" Lestrade's voice is low, tinged with dread.
“Sir, I can’t find Matthew….erm, I mean constable Brown.”
"That is it?" he asks, shifting his feet uncomfortably. He sneaks a look at Sherlock, but it´s impossible to read anything from his posture. How could he possibly have solved it?
“He keeps saying the gap under the door is too small,” Lestrade mutters, “that something should fit under it, but that it obviously doesn’t because the door fits solidly to the frame.”
“A deadly game of “Simon Says.” You got them to murder for you, complete strangers, harmless individuals. Homeless men, destitute women- but the teenagers, two of them- that was particularly sadistic. Personal. Some slight at your person, no? They bullied you at school. Kids can be so cruel.”
“Christ,” she laments with dismay, “are you always this thick? What does he -see- in you?”
The grip on his hair tightens painfully.
“Could I like, get a pizza or something?” Simon Whitewell looks hopefully at Lestrade. "They always do that in the movie, you know, to get the suspect to talk."
Edward’s eyes flits from Lestrade to Sally Donovan, finally settling on the sergeant’s.
“I didn't….but, I guess Jane did something to him, because, he…John Watson, said he was feeling woozy and sluggish. He was stumbling and we had to half carry him to the car. Jane H…Hill, she dropped me off outside this old industrial site in Brenton, she gave me an envelope with the cash, I changed into civilian clothing and left the uniform in the trunk of the car. Then she drove off. I don't know where. I hit the nearest pub, to, you know, celebrate.”
Toby Henricks looks up sharply at Annabell Lewis words and John gets the feeling that he doesn’t really agree with her statement.  He doesn’t say anything though, just resumes his fiddling with his tie.
Had Sherlock been trying to use Simon Whitewell as a bait, and somehow it all went horribly wrong?
Sally hides her expression behind her notebook, but not before Lestrade sees the blush tinting her cheeks.
“Well,” John pushes his plate away, “aren’t you going to tell me?”
Sherlock wipes his hand across his face, finding that he’s feeling truly tired for the first time in months. Not since he completed the first step of his Operation Lazarus and found himself leaving England, and John, behind. It feels as though his exhaustion has seeped into the very marrow of his bones.
I wish to thank everybody who has been kind enough to leave me kudos and response, you´ve been really wonderful.
“We’re fine,” John emphasizes and wonders what sort of pep talk Mycroft’s given these guys that make them so hesitant to disobey his orders. “Really.”
“Glad to help,” John tosses the tools back into the toolbox and wipes his palms on his trousers, “is that all?”
Albert Thompson pulls back a bit and studies the victim with a puzzled frown.
He feels the gentle rise and fall of the Alpha’s breath against his hand. After a moment, Sherlock maneuvers his arm clumsily against John’s, until John can feel the itch of the cast against his skin. Sherlock covers John’s hands with his own and then curls his fingers under his palm.
He tries to picture Sherlock´s reaction.
Just as John has decided to ask Sherlock who the occupant might be, the door to 221 A suddenly slides open and a blonde woman steps into the hallway. Her short hair is sleeked back and pinned in place by a small clips and she’s dressed in a light blue shirt a black skirt with a white apron. She’s carrying a bucket of cleaning supplies, a pair of yellow dishwashing gloves dangling over the rim.
“Correcto mundo.”
He keeps his eyes locked on the camera until the light changes color, signaling the end of his segment and the return to the regular program. For a while the studio is utterly still and nobody dares to break the silence. Then the crew lets out the collective breath they’ve been holding since Edward entered the studio. Slowly they wheel away the cameras and the television screen is showing the news anchor again. But nobody is going to be able to focus on the newscaster who is stuttering her way through the prompts, trying to regain a semblance of normalcy.
“Disperse,” his friend interrupts, “says we aren’t allowed to gather in groups.”
“Why did you get rescued and not me? If you had just….then he would have left me alone!”
“And what time was this?”
On their walk back to 221B Baker Street, John isn´t quite sure what he is happiest about- being allowed to return home with a charismatic new friend who cured his limp, that he killed a very bad man, or the fact that he doesn’t have to return to his brown and dull council flat. For the first time in month John felt useful. He felt like Captain John Watson, and not a crippled Omega living in a council estate.
Lestrade girds himself for battle.
What if he has deleted it like he does with all trivial information?
Mycroft gives him a look like John’s a dog that’s just performed an especially clever trick. God, how he hates that look.
“He does need his blogger.” It’s a feeble joke, but Sally’s nose crinkles in mirth at his attempt at humour. Sherlock makes a considering noise.
John’s brief search for preschools with special programs for deaf and hard of hearing children in London had not been very encouraging. They had been too far for a reasonable commute. He has a feeling that this is one of the times he will need Mycroft to actually pull some strings.
The room is gloomy and cold. Ashen light seeps through the slit in the curtains, telling him it´s nearing midday. Snowflakes brush against the window.
“You guys have a nice chat?”
John swallows hard. Suddenly his chest feels tight, and for a moment it’s difficult to breathe.
Suddenly, he doesn’t want to know the answer.
“He’s stuck on the case?”
With a frustrated sigh, she rises from the chair and walks over to the door to the gym, her brother right at her heels.
Marlow rises from her desk and walks across her office to the great windows looking over the white mist of snow twirling in the air.
“She was just lying in the road,” he repeats, “and it was so dark, it was impossible to see her until-until, and then I couldn’t stop.”
“Your superior officer or any superior officer?”
Sherlock’s mouth snaps shut with an audible click.
Edward glances at his lawyer. Ms. Alton arches a manicured eyebrow and inclines her head a little.
An hour later he´s back in his room, wondering if he´s hungry enough to actually bother with shopping, if he should tidy the mess in his room, or just collapse on the bed and deal with it later.
(Finkle., Alexander L. An Omega´s Guide 3. ed. A/O/ Press: 2010)
Sherlock arcs a brow, and then settles down to wait.
John can feel his cheeks redden; defiance curling along his spine, and it takes visible effort to regain his equanimity.
Sherlock half turns and he does that thing with his eyes that means he’s thinking that John is being particularly obtuse. But he remains silent, and that is almost worse than if he’d said something scathing about John’s lack of observational skills or dwindling intellect. A silent Sherlock is by far the worst kind of Sherlock. The only other time Sherlock was like this was when he was contemplating the benefits of cocaine.
He’s tired of Lestrade’s company. He wants John. He needs to tell all these things to John so they can figure out what this new game is.
He glares at the two of them with thinly veiled hatred. "I´m not buying anything" he tries to slam the door shut, but John jams his foot in the door.
Sergeant Donovan shakes her head, “obviously, it’s going to be a bit tricky to get fingerprints from this one.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It is only the Alpha who can break the Bond between Mates. This was proven by Dr. Fenway (Fenway, G. 1989) who proved that an Alpha can always abandon his mate for what he considers a superior genetic pairing.  An Omega who has been Bonded will always find it difficult to attract another Alpha, especially so if there are children as a result of the Bond, because the new Alpha will perceive the previous relationship and the children as competitors to the survival of its own genetic inheritance.
Sherlock’s got a leg possessively over John’s. His fingers are curled against John’s shoulder. John shifts onto his side. He brings their foreheads together and then pulls back just for a second before kissing Sherlock’s curls. The detective doesn’t stir and John laces his fingers carefully with Sherlock’s, smooth them out until they lie palm to palm. Yet the space between them is a chasm.
“Where is it?”
“Come to Baker Street,” Sherlock says, “later. If you can. I need you.”
"You really solved it, just by looking at the reports and listening to Rose Williams´ story?" John asks dubiously as they walk the short distance to the third witness´s house.
“Hello, hello,” the man says, his voice low and tight and his face set in cold lines. “Your scent isn’t as strong, but it’s still very, very delicious.” He licks his lips and steps closer.
Doctor Fenway steps forward with a frown "Adam Haversaw."
Lestrade frowns, his eyes narrowing to slits, but he does’t prod. He’s known Sally Donovan for almost ten years, he’s seen her ups and downs, her strength and weaknesses. The last couple of years have seen her come into her true potential as a investigator. She’s efficient, relentless and there were rumors about a potential promotion. Lestrade doesn’t want to sabotage that because of her tendency to form those unfortunate romantic liaisons, that have developed into something of a legend down at the Yard.
“I need to….” Sherlock starts, his eyes darting to Sam. John feels a swell of affection for him, it eases the tension in his check and knocking something free in his throat. He swallows around the loose sound, closes the distance between Sherlock and him.
“That’s not necessarily true,” John interjects, “his wife’s family would be victims of Andrew Nash’s crimes. Her father, mother, siblings.”
“I’m not sure why that is relevant….” DI Lestrade combs a hand through his hair glancing at each the men in turn. John feels his chin grow warm with sudden embarrassment.
Do art, he declares, and John pulls back the chair and Sam scrambles onto it, settling down and sorting his pencils until they lie in a neat row.
“That’s… nice?” John frowns, his fingers moving over the pulse of Sherlock’s wrist. “Breathe through your nose, Sherlock,” John instructs, his voice calm and steady. Doctor and soldier.
“I-” he struggles to draw in enough air to speak.
“Samuel is well settled and you’re off to Baker Street,” Mycroft announces.
“There’s still Edward Blithely,” Lestrade hedges.
“We should have lunch. Together, tomorrow?” Sherlock suggests, and John could have sworn he actually sounds nervous about it.
"Sorry, mate." A low voice grumbles.
He bites his lips, shuffles his hips a little and thinks that he might just cry from the pain and humiliation of it all.
He tries to yank his arm free and it takes him two tries to finally slip free of Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock is still looking at him, not saying anything, but he’s making an odd noise through clenched teeth like he’s fighting some instinct. The sudden whistle of the teapot wakes Sherlock out of whatever impulse  had control of him. He stiffens, glares at Hector and then moves across the room to lift the kettle off the stove.
This whole Alpha and Omega dynamic, John had early realized, is an intricate affair best to be ignored and avoided if at all possible. He has enough going on in his life with preparing for medical school and worrying about why he isn´t more concerned with breasts, short skirts and firm arses. But the only thing he saw were smiles and eyes, or the way somebody smelled. According to his biology textbook, his body should be bombarded with hundreds of hormones every day and drive him into a frenzy state of near constant arousal. He´ll chat up a girl with pretty eyes at a party, but he just doesn´t feel connected to anyone. And, equally alarmingly, they don´t seem all that keen on him. Shouldn´t he at least have had a girlfriend by now? Perhaps he should ask Ann Marge out on a date, see what he´s missing out on.   Andrew does have a point, it´s not like he has to marry her. It would at least stop Andrew (and his dad) from speculating about his heterosexuality.
For a moment, the only sound is Lestrade’s ragged breathing, and Mycroft pulls the phone an inch away from his ear.
A cab appears, as it always seems to do when Sherlock is in need of one, and Lestrade stuffs the stunned detective into the back seat before he collapses next to him.
Glen Reese lied about calling Doctor Fenway's office.
“Hey,” John says mildly, but Sherlock barges on unheeding of the reprimand.
“Well, maybe they just wanted to prove a point,” Glen Reese snaps.
John´s homeroom teacher has always stressed that everybody should be treated with respect and that they all had to share this planet together. John looks between his father and mother, clearly they are at odds on the subject and John does´t really want to come between them.
"Please." He gasps, his voice trembling. "Please-"
“Or the killer was uncertain and was trying to tempt me to reveal myself. A delicious decapitation outside my flat with no apparent clues or witnesses. How delightful."
“Was the living room the only room trashed?”
"Yes. Carl always liked….my mother always said that Carl was a "thrill seeker," always running off on adventures, climbing trees and all sort of stuff. He ran away three times. Never content with every day life, Carl. Need adventure and danger or he´d be bored stiff, he said. An unruly fellow until he signed up. My father always thought the army might give him some discipline and it seemed it did." She pauses "but Carl always said that he found more than danger and thrills in the army. That he had enough adventures to fill his cup and then some. It rather made him appreciate normal, every day life."
“Quite.”
John steals a glance at Sam who is still content to work on his smart tablet.
Anderson scowls, but ambles out the door.
Sam is pleased with having been proved to be correct and continues with the book with a big toothy grin. Sherlock’s hand slides down Sam’s back, cradling him slightly against Sherlock’s side. Sherlock tries not to smile, but is hard, the way Sam’s body melts against him and he feels odd, all glowy and warm, pressed together.
Albert Thompson pulls the tarp away, “Face is intact though, should make it easy to identify her,” and Sally stares down at the woman’s face, stiff and pale with the same wide, terrified eyes.
“Detective inspector, I wanted to….” John starts, struggling to keep up with DI Lestrade’s long strides.
The only major change is the name of the twins, that hopefully makes the story less confusing.
For a moment John’s torn between insult and hilarity, before he settles on deep-seething anger.
It will take him exactly 1hr and 32 minutes to walk back to 221 Baker Street, baring any unforeseen traffic, and that is plenty of time to digest all the new information.
He gives Burrell a fleeting smile. He recognizes the warning signs of what lies beneath this particular line of conversation and tries to steer it to safer territory.
“A few days ago Simon Whitewell was killed in a rather spectacular manner. It has been decided that it might be prudent to relocate to a-”
He steels himself for the part when he has to tell DI Lestrade exactly why he had been kidnapped, and he is incredibly grateful that the DI Lestrade’s laptop screen hides his expression. John has to expound on the part where Glen Reese confessed to Doctor Fenway’s murder and how he met Jacob- Moriarty- online and agreed to let Moriarty concept this scheme so Glen Reese could get his revenge.
“Or do you think you’re too important to get your hands dirty helping me out, huh?”
“Against you, of course,” Sherlock elaborates. “And against Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson. Killing you would lose its purpose if I was no longer around to witness it.”
Liberal interpretation of Carl Jung, psychology and the English judicial system. Please disregard my total fibbing of all legal procedures. There is also some angst and smut in here.
“He vanished. We have him on CCTV where he’s running up the stairs, but he disappears from one camera to the next. They found a black raincoat, a black hat and one of those ski masks in a corner on the tube station. He probably shrugged his clothes off and blended into the crowd. They sent the clothes off to be analysed, but they didn’t seem very hopeful.”
This chapter is unbetated.
Sam’s never had anything but pretend tea before, but he thinks it will be alright with a small cup if he makes it milky and without sugar.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, “not immediately, I didn’t have access to the newsfeed when the trial was occurring, but I read about it, later.”
Cobb snorts, “Adrian Reese was killed an hour or so ago. I am guessing that’s when the seizures started?”
The text between the two photographs has been made using the kind of font one associates with old-fashioned typewriters, square, bold letters, probably to enhance the raw message. Four short paragraphs tells of a meeting with an Alpha that started with a sexual assault and that it led to years of abuse. That the man had been informed by an authority that the two of them were meant to be together. That the Alpha could not be held accountable for being unable to control the way nature had designed him. The boy had, on the order of the Alpha, abandoned his education, cut off all ties with his family and spent the rest of his life as the Alpha’s possession. The last paragraph was nothing but a series of questions. How many are forced to spend their lives with the man who assaulted him? Why was the Alpha not held accountable for his assault? How many lived in constant fear of Alphas?
And John just says the first thing that jumps  into his mind.
This was hardly a coincidence.
Serving in the army made John Watson learn to appreciate his heightened Omega senses. His keen eyesight gave him a reputation for being a crack shot and a marksman. One of his superiors had jokingly lamented John´s medical career choice when he obviously belonged behind the scope of a sniper rifle.
The next day he enters his office, finds a fresh notepad from his drawer and sets about rereading Molly’s autopsy report. There’s nothing new to learn from it, and that is going to be the mantra for Glen Reese’s case in the days that follows. Lack of evidence. No witnesses, no way forward.  Wherever Jacob or Moriarty might be, they remain well hidden.
*30min*
John wonders how many hundreds of things Sherlock has deduced about their (possible) client in the short time she's been here. He's able to come to a few conclusions of his own.  She's in that indeterminable age-range where a woman can be anything between thirty-five and forty-five, but the makeup around her eyes makes him suspect the latter rather than the former. Her dress is one he has recently seen in a Marks and Spencer's add, but she is carrying a Marcs Jacob purse. He is quite pleased that he's able to recognize the brand. The purse is scuffed on the bottom and he guesses that it is second-hand. John is confident that Sherlock can probably name the model of the purse and tell the story of its previous owner.
“You need to go, it’s fine.”
Because he's in jail.
“I wouldn’t mind a shower and a change of clothes.”
“Sherlock,” John pulls away a little, slides his hands to cup his chin, finds his gaze, his eyes serious and the same undefined color as the sky outside. He drops his hands lower until they come to rest at the crook of his elbow. Firm enough that Sherlock will feel the contact, but not so hard that he’ll feel restrained.
Sherlock nods and opens the book, flicks through a few pages. The look on his face tells John that he approves. After a while, Sherlock carefully places the book on the table, and he disappears into the kitchen to prepare for the Christmas dinner. John suddenly finds his lap full of Sam and his book. They light the fire, even though it’s the middle of the day, the tree is lit, there is an endless supply of tea and cookies and the whole apartment smells like Christmas dinner.
The barking stops and a few seconds later, a small, white dog shuffles forward, wagging its tail. It’s an undetermined mix, with large ears and a short, springy, tail that waves excitedly. It nips and licks at Sophie’s fingers, and she coos encouragingly at it.
Fatima´s long, dark, braids shakes with barely suppressed mirth.
John steals a glance at the clock on the wall and Glen Reese suddenly reaches out and wraps his sausage fingers around John’s wrist. His hand is clammy and heavy, and John quickly slides his hand free from his grasp and folds his hands in his lap to keep them safe.
“Was there something you wanted, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock teases with great satisfaction as John rolls his eyes.
There had been a whole list of possible response to this to this statement: certainly. You’re contract is valid another three months. Go ahead and leave. The option to ask John to stay hadn't featured on this list.
“That’s not interesting,” Sherlock says with the dismissive frown he uses when Lestrade has a made a valid point that he’s forced to take into consideration. Lestrade catches John’s pleased little smirk and cannot help but return it. It’s nice to have Sherlock Holmes back.
He watches him until the trembles in Burrell’s shoulders still.
“Yes, ma’am,” Lestrade snatches the file, tucks it under his arm and straightens his posture.
“Well,” Moriarty allows, “not for the research you’re thinking about. That nonsense about the book, was just to rattle your feathers, force you out of hiding. A bit of fun, really.”
A hundred thanks to all my readers, I really appreciate every kudos and comment.
"Charles Waxfield is the murderer."
“Don’t you worry, John, you’ll get your man.”
Something is happening.
“Ma’am," a young constable calls, beckoning Sally over to the police car.  The constable is one of those young, fresh-faced youths that she cannot help but resent just a little bit.
“Then play around them or ask them to move,” she sighs.
“That’s right,” Thompson says, “killed and maimed three homeless women. The police found most of their remains in his freezer, but he’d tried to get rid of identifying marks by cutting them up and shoving them down the drain.” He takes a deep breath, “well, let’s see what we got here.”
Christ, is this what hot flashes feels like? He remembers his mom suffering from them, when there were days when she was unable to get out of bed and they'd used the electrical fans on full speed, and opened the windows, even in the dead of winter.
The American barrels into the other man until he is pressed up against the wall and his elbow slams into his neck keeping him locked in place. The man growls and spits, but the American´s grip is firm and unrelenting. The man struggles inefficiently.
“Keep pressure on the wound,” John instructs, kneeling next to Glen Reese’s heaving form. Angry scratches mar his cheeks, his nose is crushed and bleeding badly and he’s spitting blood.
John scrambles out of his thoughts and comes awake to one of Mycroft’s bodyguard standing with a slight look of concern barely visible behind his horn-rimmed glasses. John struggles to dredge up his name, they all have something foreign and Greek and there’s been so many of them and they all seem to share the same penance for expensive suits and ridiculous leather shoes.
“Morning, sir,” Sally says, “sorry for the delay, I had to get the latest files and set up the audio feed.”
“Do you need any help?”
Sherlock doesn’t stop until they can close the door to 221 B behind them. Only then does he take a deep breath as if getting ready to say something, but it he lets it out again and lowers Sam to floor. He starts to tug at his own scarf, his cheeks red while his eyes are the same color as the darkening clouds outside. John places a hand on his arm and feels his muscles soothe under his touch. He wants to offer some consolation to ease the myriad of emotions swaying in Sherlock’s eyes, but Sam’s icy grip finds his hand, tugging him out of his thoughts.
“How long have you known he’s alive?” John doesn't look at Mycroft, fears the answer, fears knowing how many of his friends watched  John mourning a man who wasn’t really dead.
Moriarty has made himself at home in their living room. He’s sitting at the table that doubles as Sherlock’s desk, idling browsing the headlines of an online newspaper on Sherlock’s laptop. When he sees the two of them, his face creases into a smile that seems eerily fond and genuine, yet sends a shiver down John´s spine.
Lestrade had considered moving Simon Whitewell to a more secure location in anticipation of the anniversary. In the end, though, he had abandoned the thought because both Glen Reese and Jane Hill had been killed when they were on leave from prison. The strategy had worked twice for the murderer and Lestrade figured he’d try his luck a third time.
“Try to be, I don’t know….”Mycroft shifts his weight from one foot to the other. “Not a complete berk, this time.”
It has been years since he lost control of his internal clock, and the feeling is jarring and disorientating. Sherlock rubs a hand across his face, wiping the last vestiges of sleep away from his eyes.
“It is very kind of you to be willing to assist us in this inquiry,” Lestrade says as he forces a smile.
“Not that, I mean. We live dangerous lives and that’s fine, but we need to be able to keep control of our wits, it’s our most formidable weapon, isn’t it?” He pauses, wets his lips. “I mean, if we had been Bonded, I would have known that you hadn’t faked your death and probably I would have foiled your carefully constructed plan to keep all of us safe. If we were Bonded, I wouldn’t have been able to save you when you fell onto the railway tracks. We do need to be able to act logically when-”
Crawford’s face remains studied and perfect, the only indication that Sherlock is right is the slight whitening of his knuckles around the gun. He folds one leg over the other and calmly settles his folded hands on top of his knees. Crawford watches his every move with a calculating gaze.  Behind the wall of his friends and with the lifeline of his phone, Crawford had been in control. Now he just needs to make him lose it, with losing his own.
“It could be the most obvious of fictions, it would not matter. That wasn’t the point,” Sherlock says without looking at Lestrade, he is however, still looking at John, and then he opens Lestrade’s desk and hands John a bundle of papers without as much as by your leave.
“I thought you said your brother's men had been over that place with a fine tooth comb,” Lestrade mutters.
John sneaks a glance at Sherlock. His expression is guarded, the one he employs when he’s sifting through something in his Mind Palace that he’s not ready to share yet. It wouldn’t worry John, except he’s seen this look so many times on Sherlock these past few days that he half worries that the detective has gotten lost.
Lestrade closes his eyes for a moment and gathers his scattering thoughts.
“John is well,” he says instead, not daring to pursue the question at the end of that sentence. Mycroft regards him with glacial calm for a long moment.
Sherlock’s fists curls and uncurls, the sting of the cut throbbing dully in his hands. Lestrade looks oddly troubled, and it’s a new look for him, because he’s never allowed himself to be visible affected by the cases he’s been working (for which Sherlock secretly admires him, but will never admit it.)
“I need to talk to you,” he says, his voice hard and firm. “Today.”
“Why did you show the book to John?”
Sophie Barns hurries after the dog, wiping her fingers on her jacket.
They are in the middle of scourging through Sherlock’s desk, looking for something suitable to dust for prints, when John’s phone rings. It’s Lestrade and he sounds tired, exasperated and in a dire need of a cup of tea.
“Enough of this nonsense,” Cobb growls.
John tries his best to muddle through an explanation of aerodynamics in sign language though he suspects that by the end Sam’s no closer to understanding exactly how planes work. He seems content, though, pressing his face against the window and he giggles as the entire plane trembles through take off. Mrs. Kettle is clutching the armrests, her knuckles white and her lips moving in what is probably a prayer. Not for the first time, John thinks that Mycroft isn’t paying her enough.
“Perhaps that is why you tortured Doctor Fenway before killing him, you were hoping he would give up the location of the book. You wanted to stop him from exposing you.” DI Dregs pushes himself slowly out of his chair and looms over the table. John bites back a vitriolic response, but he doesn’t want to let DI Dregs try to rile him up with his blatant display of dominating body language. He forces the chair back and stands up, though even pulling himself to his full height he barley reaches DI Dregs’ shoulder.
A knot in his stomach unravels and Sherlock feels the worry there ebb away in the certainty that Mycroft would not lie to him. Not about this.
“I suspect you were drugged,” John says, looking up at him “you’ve got a puncture mark on your neck, same as I.”
“We haven’t been able to locate the phone or identify Cobb,” DI Lestrade says around a yawn.
John has almost forgotten that DI Dregs is still in the room and is startled by his irritated snort and the deadly glare he sends to Anderson though it does little to dampen his triumphant grin.
As a general rule, people doesn't smile at Sherlock Holmes, especially not after he’s stripped away every secret and habit that they thought they were cleverly hiding. It’s not like he designs his statements to insult. But people, John had pointed out on more than one occasion do not like to have their entire life publicly dissected by Sherlock’s observations and deductions.
Sherlock drags his fingers through his hair and steals a glance at John. John fell asleep somewhere between the third and the fourth round, elbow on his knee and hand cupping his chin. The position must be uncomfortable, but it is proof of John’s claim to be able to sleep anywhere and at any time.
“Nightmare,” John explains, “he’s had them a few times before.”
“I was just coming to….” John makes a vague gesture at the stack of boxes in the living room.
Mrs. Hudson shakes her head, “poor dear is probably trying to put his life back together again. It’s the best thing really, it was such awful to hear him pace about in the flat day and night like he was haunting the place.”
She gives his hand a firm squeeze and then picks a random direction. She takes a few steps forward and then stops. Her brother presses himself closer to her, his breathing ragged.
John smiles and nods, before tucking his arm into Sherlock’s.
But this was Moriarty’s grand plan, wasn’t it? To destroy Sherlock in the most devastating way.
“You’ve got no right to try and make us leave,” Crawford growls, “and you’re not going to pull the police investigation card on us either.”
“You will proceed with caution, you will state on record that you are simply asking him to help with a police inquiry. You will advise him to bring his lawyer and you will stress that he is not under arrest and that he is free to leave at any time. You are not to antagonize him, and you are not to let him within five feet of Sherlock Holmes.”
“You know she doesn’t much care for the theories-without-concrete-evidence-approach,” Lestrade mutters and John senses that he’s witnessing the cliff notes of a long-standing argument between Sherlock and Lestrade.
“You know well my thoughts on love.” He can almost sense John’s wince and John’s voice is hollow when it speaks, even if he’s tried to inject a sense of…carelessness into it. But John Watson was never a good actor.
“Do you know where you are?”
“No, we’re not going to play soccer. We’re going to find an adult.”
He pulls on his socks and shrugs on a shirt and a brown cable knit jumper. He pads downstairs, still trying to redial Glen Reese’s phone and not getting any response.
“This is the News, headlines at 9 o’clock. Police struggles to contain the violence, that started around noon after news spread on social media of…. So far we have to confirmed death, as the riot has spread from London to other major cities. The Prime Minister is saying that thousands more police will be deployed on the streets.”
“That’s brilliant, Sherlock.”
A biological redundancy.
He moves a chair out of the way and kneels, wincing when his knee hits the icy floor. He tries to turn the knob, but it won’t budge. “The thermostat might be stuck,” he says. It had been a repetitive problem with his radiator when he lived in Paradise Gardens.
A few days later, much to her chagrin, Mrs. Braithsworth discovers that her daughter has transferred all of her trust fund money into benefits organization established to help the victims of mesothelioma. It requires another dose of medication to tackle that particular news.
"Right."
*Should have ambushed him at his flat, like I suggested. SH*
“I have the headpiece as well though it´s far too large to display.”
he gestures. Sherlock hesitates for a moment before sitting down next to his son, feeling the warmth from his body against his legs.
"We've still not been able to identify her, isn't your brother able to help?"
Instantly cautious, it takes John a moment to sort out his reply.
He’s not disappointed.
“Wait,” Lestrade raises a hand, “I never ordered anything of the sort-”
“Yesterday, someone broke into my flat and did away with all of my liquor-“
“Just… ” John wipes a hand down his face, erasing the grit of sleep from his eyes, “just calm down and we can talk about it tomorrow,” he offers.
“I know he only wants to protect,” he says, wetting his lips, “but things were really going well here, I like the people I work with, I’m doing…” His voice thickens with every word and he swallows the last of the sentences away.
Anderson is holding a clear evidence bag and inside it is a slender book with a paper cover. He is still smiling, and John suddenly feels like he's suspended on the edge of a panic attack, he can feel his breath lodge in his throat and his blood rushing from his head. For a moment, he’s just one terrifying heartbeat away scouring away and curl up, hyperventilating, in the corner of the interrogation room.
Hours later, with a hand wrapped around a bottle of beer, he tried to quench the unease that churns in his stomach, waiting for the news to break.
The door slams shut.
“Yes, yes of course,” John answers.
It’s a word he has learned recently and he uses it more or less on everything. How is the tea made? How does the cow work?
“Another murder?” Sherlock asks.
voice.
“John was not reported missing until he failed to arrive at an appointment with Doctor Miss…Miz….” Lestrade struggles for a moment with the foreign name “Mizuno at 9 am. At that time, we radioed the dispatch car, but there was no response. We tried to track them and discovered that the GPS locator had been disabled, as well as the dashboard camera. We’ve reported both the car, John and the constables, Jane Hill and Simon Whitewell, responsible for seeing John to his appointment, missing.”
He’s alone now, and he falls down into his chair, shutting his eyes close so hard he sees stars. He allows himself to experience the brief respite of ten heartbeats of darkness before he sits up and grabs the nearest laptop. With a few clicks on the keyboard, he's accessed he secured server Mycroft set up. There are already several folders of information, the information Constance promised him, John's phone records. Simon Whitewell’s information. Adrian and Glen Reese's and Doctor Fenway's email and phone correspondence. Whoever Jane Hill is, not even Mycroft has been able to track her down,
Sherlock catches John eyes, sees them go hard and flinty, sees him square his shoulder, his left hand curling as though it doesn't really realize that it’s not holding a weapon. John twists his mouth the way he does when he’s trying to pick and chose his words carefully.
“I need to know how those two managed to pass security checks, then I want to see the scene the warehouse where the car was found.”
