Speaking of Stark was as same as the newsreels made him be. It’s been a week since she had seen him. She learned a few things about Stark. One, He flirts with everything that breathes. Throwing cheeky smiles and come-ons at men and women. Two, He just doesn’t care.
Tony snapped out of his shock when Barton on camera snorted. “Aww, you were waiting for me? Do I get another chance with you, Mr. Brooklyn?. Maybe I could sweep you off your feet next time.” he said, throwing a flirty smirk at the camera. He was pretty sure he heard a squeak on the other side. “And we are Live in 3 2 1…”, came Natasha’s voice, which made Tony morph into a Stark.
was the only thought left as Steve’s brain short circuited. The kiss was devouring him, lighting a fire in his belly.
“How do you ask out a guy you have never met? Yes, he is a good, smart, sassy, and sarcastic little shit, which is exactly my type. We have so many inside jokes and flirty remarks that half the studio thinks we are an item already. Still, I don’t know if he’s single or swings my way Pep” he sighed rubbing his face. He could have asked anyone who it is or could have hacked into SHIELD servers and got a name. But knowing who it is would make it more real and Tony liked to live this in the fantasy of his mind.
She dreamt of an outdoor wedding. Under a lush canopy of trees, sparkling lights hung above their heads like stars, just people close to their heart, a bed of white rose petals forming an aisle to the arch, which looks like the tree branches twined together and adorned with pink and white roses. She wanted a blue ball gown, like the one Cinderella wears. She wanted a loose wave hairdo with a flower crown. She wanted to see the love on her groom's face.
"Here's the plan.", Nat started, walking towards their base. " Bucky, hold the fort. I'll distract Clint while Tony takes out Steve and-``''Why should I do that?"Tony cut her off, fully knowing that this is somehow related to the earlier conversation at the lab. She dragged him by his ear and told her plan. His eyes took a mischievous glint. Game On!
they said. The media, newsreels, magazines said a lot about him. But she doesn't know him. That was the problem. It's not her dress; not the chapel; not the lack of guests; not the rushed ceremony.
“If you’ll excuse me. I have to go. Sorry” Steve said, walking off again, without a second glance. “Is he okay?” Darcy asked only to get a stunned silence as a reply. It was also the day Tony Stark took one too many takes to finish his part.
“Hey Stevie, How was your first date with the love of your life ?” Bucky asked, with a cheeky smirk. Bucky, his long-time best friend, and a show host in SHEILD was the one who got him this job. “He is my colleague now Buck and I worked with him, not a date” he grumbled. “Wait, Did the Brooklynese in you jumped out again and messed it up? Aw man.” he teased him. “Funnily enough, his Brooklynese didn’t mess up this time” came another voice behind Bucky.
“Sir it’s 7:00 am and Director Fury is calling you” JARVIS said, as he stretched like a cat under the sunlight. “Put him through J,” he mumbled at his AI and walked into en suite. “STARK!?!?”, an angry voice startled him through the speaker. “Aye Aye Pirate” he quipped and picked up his brush, which he had dropped in the sink. “Your Live starts in an hour Stark! Where the Hell are you? You are supposed to meet your new-”  “Be there in 15, Fury. As long as you don’t want to hear my wet naked ass, Byeee”, “Stark!-``'' End call, J” He cut off fury and walked into the shower.
He knew that after the Chitauri attack, when Tony had flown that missile through the portal and Steve had started to grasp just how wrong he’d been about the man, Steve had started to find Tony’s eccentric habits endearing instead of annoying. He’d started smiling at Tony’s sarcasm instead of feeling burned by it. But he couldn’t exactly pinpoint where his mind had switched from friendship to relationship.
Steve glanced up at Tony across the island, who was already looking at him. Steve shared a small, encouraging smile with him.
Steve looked behind him at Tony, who grinned in response. That had to be the last surprise up his sleeve.
“...But I ask that you respect me the same way, and trust that I know what it means to feel...attracted to you...to want to touch you all the time,” Steve moved closer to Tony, his eyes catching on Tony’s throat as he swallowed. “To be aware of you constantly, and crave your voice and your smell.”
“That’s- yeah, we should do that,” Tony said. Steve smiled and waited for Tony to meet his eyes again.
The beach itself was Tony’s private beach, and there wasn’t anyone around, since it was December and too chilly for most California residents to bother with their own beaches. But it still made Tony wish they were alone in the privacy of his bedroom, or maybe the shower. They had had one shower together, the morning after they'd first slept together, and Tony was eager to revisit the concept.
Two days later, they’d been awoken much the same as their first day, with Steve getting darted and men rushing in to restrain them both. With the sedative, Steve had only gotten every other word of the interaction, but a gun had been forced under his chin as Kray demanded to know where the missing supplies were.
Steve adjusted slightly so his face wasn’t quite so smushed into the pillow, and he could respond to Tony. “Hm? ‘This’?”
But Steve calmed himself, thinking logically that they must’ve given Tony some of what they’d given Steve. And if it’d taken this long for it to wear off for him with the serum, it would likely take a little longer for Tony.
The man in question approached Tony from across the sand, a smile on his face and a flush covering his skin from the cold water and exertion. The wet swim trunks were in fact clinging to him so as to leave little to the imagination. Tony felt a little like his arc reactor was failing, as his heart beat erratically in his chest.
He was feeling a bit lightheaded and painfully aroused, when Tony tugged him by his hair back toward his mouth, capturing Steve’s lips in a searing kiss that was becoming a signature of his. He finished it off with a playful nip at Steve’s bottom lip as he pulled away, and Steve had to restrain himself from immediately following.
“I gotta say, that was a first for me,” Tony spoke into the comfortable quiet they’d been laying in. He was stretched out on his back, the sweat drying on his skin and causing goosebumps.
After he’d showered and changed, he emerged into the common space to look for food, finding the rest of the team was already there. And they’d ordered pizza.
“Shit, Tony. I’m a hot mess, too,” Steve’s lips quirked up at the corners. “We can’t be fixed- we don’t need to be- but we can try to make it easier on each other.” Tony nodded again, not trusting himself to speak yet. “I just want to know what’s going on in that head of yours. And you deserve to know what’s going on in mine.”
Steve didn’t even say a word to anyone in his beeline for one of the boxes. Only after he’d devoured three slices did he acknowledge the people around him.
Tony sauntered (probably more like stumbled, in his state) out of the lab as the lights and music powered down. By the time he fell into bed, he barely had a chance to shut his eyes before unconsciousness took him.
Steve looked across the room at Tony, who was also freshly showered, his hair still slightly wet. He was already passed out on the couch, his body having shut down once he’d finally eaten something. Steve was thankful for that at least, and hoped that Tony’s sleep would be free of nightmares.
“Right,” Steve laughed nervously. Tony narrowed his eyes slightly as Steve scanned the clues for one he obviously wouldn’t know. “Uhh, ‘Ring Great Muhammad’,” Steve read, looking up at Tony. “Three letters.”
When the time did come, Steve was way past ready to get out of his small cell. It started like every other morning, except that after a few hours of Tony’s absence, an alarm rang out throughout the facility and Steve could’ve sworn the walls were shaking slightly. He could also swear there was gunfire.
Steve laughed as Tony stood abruptly and dragged him by the hand out of the lab and up the stairs toward his suite.
When Steve walked into the kitchen the next morning, Clint was making breakfast at the stove and Natasha was sitting at the counter, reading the paper. She spotted Steve and immediately pulled the crossword out for him. Steve smiled at the act of familiarity.
“I’m trying to do the right thing here, Steve,” Tony murmured, but Steve refused to acknowledge him. “Talk to me.”
“Good. I mean- she was very ‘Pepper’ about the whole thing.” When Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony elaborated. “There was some yelling, then some crying, and then she got over it and started hounding me about S.I. business.”
“Thanks,” Steve waved the pen gently, before dropping his hand. He was starting to feel like an idiot the longer this went on with Tony giving him that look, so he cleared his throat and changed the subject. “What are you working on?”
He moved slightly to test his range of motion when he felt a gun pressed to the back of his neck, causing him to freeze.
“I don’t want you to resent me, Steve,” Tony said, pleadingly. “I need you to understand where I’m coming from.”
“Honestly, I don’t really remember,” Tony’s eyebrows bunched together, and he looked down at the bed sheet.  “I think I must’ve fallen asleep or something.  I don’t know.”
Tony actually looked a little embarrassed at Steve's words, like he knew it was what he would've done if Steve hadn't laid it all out in that way.
Tony rubbed his forehead, something he’d been doing more and more over the last couple of hours. He spoke again before Steve could respond.
With that, Steve started to kiss Tony’s neck and jaw, and Tony was helpless to resist him. The tools in his hands clattered to the work table as he turned around in Steve’s arms and kissed him until he couldn’t breathe, his hands roaming every part of Steve that he could reach. He’d be embarrassed if Steve wasn’t so obviously as eager as Tony was.
Tony glared at the man. “You know those people that kidnapped me? They’re all dead now,” Tony said. “So you might want to rethink your whole strategy.”
They were both worn out, so the kiss didn’t go further, but Steve felt like he’d be able to go again pretty soon. He shut his eyes and groaned at the feeling of Tony’s warm hand smoothing one, long motion from Steve’s shoulder down to the back of his thigh. Steve responded by drawing his hand up Tony’s abdomen and chest, his thumb dragging over Tony’s nipple and causing Tony’s hips to spasm.
“Morning,” Bruce said, in his usual, calm voice. Steve could never understand how this man had been dealt the card of a rage monster.
Natasha had gone off to calm the Hulk, who had caused most of the destruction and Clint and Tony were already bickering like schoolboys, so Steve was coordinating with law enforcement when Thor strode up to him and pulled him into a surprise hug.
“I- can’t talk about most of it,” Tony said, and Steve nodded in understanding. “But...I wasn’t alone. There was another prisoner with me.” Steve waited patiently, but it seemed like Tony didn’t know where to go next.
"So save us and yourself from the agony of it all.  And just. Keep. Fighting," Steve finished. He was breathing harder than he’d realized after the whole speech. Tony had an unreadable expression on his face, but a hint of amusement slipped out.
“No you may not, JARVIS,” Tony said, wincing slightly as he finished implanting the micro-repeaters into his arm. They were microscopic transmitters that would send an electric signal to pieces of his suit, telling them exactly where to form around him.
“Steak’s good,” he said. “You’ll be the next Bobby Flay in no time.” Steve knew he didn’t need to point out to Tony that he didn’t know who that was. But he was obviously a chef of some sort, so Steve smiled in response.
Tony quirked his lips. “I mean, being with another man...like this.” Steve furrowed his brows, but Tony continued on. “I just thought...I mean, it’s so hard for men even today to come to terms with being gay- or bi-”
Steve dragged his eyes away from where his hand had been mapping out the ridges of Tony’s abdomen. “Hmm?”
He couldn’t believe how much Steve affected him. And how much he seemed to affect Steve. It was a mystery how they’d ever thought they couldn’t get along. But then again, it also made perfect sense. Love was awful close to hate.
“Steve, you-- you’re here,” Tony stuttered, a pretty redundant remark but his higher brain functions weren’t working at present.
Steve chanced a look at Tony, even though he knew he’d regret it. He wasn’t saying a word, but his eyes were already full of hatred. The two men restraining him wouldn’t be able to prevent Tony from closing his eyes if he had to.
When Natasha showed up a little while later, Steve didn’t say anything to her besides the usual morning greetings. He wasn’t sure how to bring the subject up when Tony wasn’t present to make their relationship a natural topic. Bruce gave Steve a look, but didn’t mention anything himself, returning to the newspaper and occasionally helping Steve with crossword clues.
Steve made sure to keep his face open and neutral. He didn’t want to scare Tony away from this topic if this was the first time he’d ever talked about it.
“Sorry about that,” Tony said, clearing his throat. He had a small smile on his face that wouldn’t seem to go away, but he still looked unsure of himself, like he didn’t know what was supposed to come next. Or like he was waiting for a catch.
“-don’t appreciate the sass, JARVIS. I’d like to not be electrocuted today, if we can help it.” Tony was standing on his workstation, his hands fiddling with some wiring in the ceiling, but he looked toward the door when the music lowered.
Steve and Tony had decided to eat in the team kitchen, and not Steve’s private one, in the spirit of being open with the Avengers about their relationship. And it looked like Bruce would be the first of the team they would share the news with.
When he finally spoke, he’d whispered to Steve that he’d thought they were getting suspicious and had hidden the mechanism in their lab in case they checked his cell. Steve nodded in understanding, always amazed by the way Tony could think ahead.
When the day came to an end and he still hadn’t seen him, Steve figured he’d been pulled into something for S.I.. God knows, they must’ve been panicking at the disappearance of their company’s owner again.
“I don’t really know.  I thought I’d gotten over all of this.  I mean, this guy just won’t go away,” Tony let out a humorless laugh, shaking his head.
What Steve didn’t understand was how someone could’ve planted a bomb inside the Tower without any detection, whatsoever. Although, Steve did vaguely recall Tony telling him that JARVIS had discovered some sort of disruption.
“No Tony, you’re right. We’re...” Steve nodded his chin at the open air around them, but Tony wouldn’t stop tugging.
They ate just like that, hunched over the island, their heads close as they talked about mindless topics. It was becoming familiar to Tony, this whole date night in the kitchen thing they were doing.
Tony smiled, innocently. “I’m just pointing out that wrinkles also result from bad, annoying moments of my life.” Steve was exasperated, yet still smiling, which he thought might become a regular thing in this relationship of theirs. “Steeeve, tell me my frown lines are handsome, too,” Tony whined, jokingly.
“I’m glad you’ve made that decision for everyone,” Steve bit out, standing abruptly so he jostled the table and rattled the dishware. He grabbed his plate and stormed toward the kitchen, scraping the rest of his food into the trash. He was angrily scrubbing his dish under the faucet, the water hot enough to scald, when Tony leaned carefully against the counter next to him.
“Captain,” Fury greeted him. “Glad to see you’re still kicking.” Steve could never tell when Fury was being funny.
It didn’t help that Steve had gone to DC to help SHIELD with their rapidly collapsing agency. When they’d first asked him, Steve hadn’t seemed keen on the idea- probably because his and Tony’s relationship was still so new and in that stage where even a day apart felt frustrating.
“Later?” Tony seemed distracted by Steve’s lips, until he registered what he’d said and looked up sharply. “Wait, later? Why ‘later’? What’s ‘later’?”
Tony rolled his eyes, but placed the phone on the table beside the bed, so Steve counted it as a win.
“Sounds like a deal,” he smiled and Steve returned it.  “Anyway, I’m actually feeling tired, so I think I’m gonna close my eyes for a bit.”
And he was- in love, that is. There was no way the intensity to which he cared for and craved Tony could be anything else. It also made him wonder how it had taken him so long to realize. If he really thought back, Steve could trace almost the exact evolution of his feelings for Tony.
Tony pretended like the music and his work were distracting enough that he didn’t hear Steve, even though he longed to simply turn around and kiss the crap out of the man. Steve seemed to go along with it though, because he didn’t say anything, simply walking quietly up behind Tony and wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist.
“We truly didn’t mean to take you, Captain. You were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time,” the man said. “Although, now that you’re here, we can at least keep track of you. Not to mention, use you as motivation for Mr. Stark.”
Steve grinned, feeling more like himself than he’d felt since the day of that explosion in Tony’s lab. Tony saw his expression and laughed slightly. “Yeah, yeah, Cap. We’ll get you to that shield.” Tony looked down at Steve’s bare feet and grimaced. “You might want to be careful where you step, though.”
Tony breathed in deeply, his eyes blinking open as his body lengthened and stretched slightly from his curled-up position. The motion and the view made Steve’s toes curl with desire, but he wasn’t in any hurry to go another round tonight.
Steve echoed Tony’s eye roll from earlier. “It’s not that, Tony. I just-” Steve sighed. “I guess it reminds me that you’ve lived all these years before I even met you. And that would make me sad, except that I look at them and see all the times something or someone made you smile, or laugh.”
“Very interesting,” Kray said, with a thoughtful expression. “Anything to add?” Kray raised an eyebrow at Tony, but he was just as stubborn as before, though his breath was coming a little faster.
Tony only gave him a half-hearted glare and closed his eyes, rubbing his forehead in the spot between his eyebrows. “JARVIS picked up some sort of interference last night, but it disappeared within an hour. ‘s probably nothing,” Tony paused at Steve’s expression. “Everything’s fine, Steve. I’m not actively avoiding sleep, or anything. I just got caught up with...stuff.”
“Yeah...part of the reason Pepper and I didn’t work out,” Tony continued. “She was never okay with how dangerous this job could be. It usually came out in irritation with me for expecting her to be fine with it.”
Tony turned around in Steve’s arms, resting a hand on Steve’s hip and giving him a small, intimate smile. Steve thought he’d never get used to the sight of Tony in his bed, sharing those smiles with him. The arc reactor glowed between them, casting blue light across Tony’s features.
“Well,” Steve said, putting his and Tony’s dishes in the sink. “You could stop thinking about work for a minute and follow me upstairs.” Steve smirked at Tony and slid past him to walk toward the staircase.
They then chained his arms above his head and his ankles to the ground, even shedding him of his shoes before the sedative could wear off. Steve knew he’d given away an advantage by fighting, but he’d had to at least try. They wouldn’t make the same mistake again. He just hoped they wouldn’t leave him chained up after they were done with him today.
The next time his eyes cracked open, there was sunlight streaming into the room and Steve’s head was resting against Tony’s shoulder, his hand laying on his chest. The arc reactor hummed, warm against his palm. Steve doubted the normal human ear could hear the low buzz.
Steve wrote it into the crossword and moved onto the next clue.  They sat in companionable silence, as he worked through the puzzle, the silence occasionally interrupted by either Tony giving instructions to JARVIS or Steve asking another question.
“Good to have you back, boys,” Natasha shouted over the gunfire. “There’s a present for you too, Stark.”
Tony had been in the process of being rushed to the hospital, while Steve had been calmly reading the newspaper and sipping his coffee.  It made him feel sick.
It was small, but big enough that he could probably walk four paces from wall to wall. He glanced to his side and felt a breath release he didn’t know he was holding. Tony lay in a cell next to him, separated from him by metal bars. His cell was a little bigger than Steve’s but not much. Tony was still unconscious, causing worry to shoot through Steve’s chest. If he was still unconscious from the explosion, there was something wrong.
Steve slammed on the breaks as he got caught at yet another red light, huffing out a breath of frustration.  It seemed to him that he was catching every red light no matter which street he turned down.
“It looks great, Steve,” Tony said, and Steve didn’t understand why there was a hint of sadness to his tone. But he was determined to show Tony a good time, even if there was something wrong Tony wasn’t talking about. “If only My Virgin Kitchen knew Captain America was watching his videos.”
Aliens pouring through a wormhole in the sky. The endless expanse of space stretching out for infinity. His chest constricting as oxygen is depleted. He can’t breathe. He can’t- breathe. He can’t-
Steve spent the rest of the day finishing the report for SHIELD and training in the gym. He hadn’t heard anything from SHIELD or seen anything on the news, but they were the best at keeping things under wraps. Steve wasn’t even sure there would be a SHIELD after the weekend was over, but he’d know more when he heard back from Fury.
“You’re wrong,” Steve says firmly. Tony’s expression turns sharp, but Steve’s tired of this pity party. “Tony, so many people care about you and depend on you. Me, the Avengers, Pepper and Rhodey. And even Fury, in his own way.” Tony gave Steve a long-suffering look.
Tony was testing the micro-repeater transmissions to the suit again, trying to fine-tune the response time when the music lowered and he glanced up to see Steve in the doorway. He was still shirtless and blinking slowly, his hair sticking up on one side, like he’d rolled out of bed when he’d realized Tony was gone.
“Maybe I’ve been practicing. God knows, you’d be eating pizza every night if someone didn’t cook for you.” Tony laughed and took a seat at the island as Steve slid his plate over to him.
Steve smirked and dragged his hands slowly down Tony’s back. “Of course, just show me where and I’ll get to work.”
Tony jerked awake, sweating and shaking and clutching his pillow like a lifeline. The lights rose slowly as Tony lay shivering for several more moments, trying to regain his bearings.
“Jesus, we’ve had some heavy talks recently,” Tony said. “I promise being in a relationship with me will be more fun than this.”
Steve didn’t know how Tony could look back at all his past accomplishments and everything he’d done for the Avengers and not realize how much they needed him. He’d just have to keep reminding Tony.
He couldn’t think after that. He was only aware of heat, sweat, pleasure. Steve’s hands, his mouth, his body. He didn’t know what he was saying or doing or even thinking in those last moments, beyond Steve.
He approached Hill while Tony was plotting the course back to the Tower. “Fury?” Hill gave Steve her usual inscrutable look.
Fury nodded and stood up, causing Steve to follow him. “I’ll expect that full report on my desk by Monday,” Fury said. Steve had thought as much.
Steve knew Tony wouldn’t build it, but he also didn’t know how he was going to get out of it. They would be watching him the whole time he had access to the materials, and if he didn’t do what they asked, they’d torture Steve. Not that Steve wanted Tony to build dangerous weapons because of him, and he knew that if the situation were reversed, Tony wouldn’t want him to do it either.
Tony frowned at the comment, until he realized Steve meant the nightmares. “What? No, Steve, this isn’t your fault. I’m just...I’m a hot mess.” Tony sighed, and Steve laid his hand against Tony’s cheek, gently stroking the dark circle under his left eye.
“Mmm, just about...how I really really like you,” Steve managed to get out through the haze of comfort. Tony kissed him gently again, and Steve thought he was gonna melt through the bed.
Tony looked nearly giddy as the quinjet, which had been hovering above the chaos, lowered toward the ground and opened the hangar to reveal Agent Hill with a silver suitcase. She tossed the suitcase and it landed nearby, skittering across the ground until Tony stopped it with his foot.
Steve dragged his lips across Tony’s collarbone, his breath huffing against his skin in short bursts. Tony thought he could feel every muscle in Steve’s body at once. He wanted to know Steve’s body better than anyone-- better than even Steve. He didn’t know if that was possible, but he wanted to try.
“I’m beginning to think I have my hands full with you,” Tony teased, and backed it up by grabbing a handful of Steve’s ass. Steve bucked toward Tony, but tapped him on the back in pretend protest. Tony leaned forward and kissed Steve gently, contrasting the previous mood with soft lips.
“That’s a very complicated question, soldier,” Fury responded. “With a very complicated answer.” Steve frowned down at his hands, before looking back at Fury.
“...About how I feel,” Steve pressed on. He resumed the path his hand had been making, sliding his palm over Tony’s bicep and lingering briefly at the edge of his shirt sleeve before continuing to his shoulder. His shirt was warm from the heat of his skin, and the whole thing was making Steve feel almost drunk. He hadn’t felt anything like it since before the serum, when he’d actually been able to feel the effects of alcohol.
He rejoined his team, where a shirt and shoes were shoved into his hands (finally). He pulled on the shirt, and hoped that Fury would listen to him at least this once.
“You know,” Steve spoke for the first time in several minutes, his voice breathy from the way Tony was currently feeling him up. “I feel like we’re wasting water.”
Steve tested the strength of the cell’s metal bars with his back to the camera, hoping it would just look like he was looking down the hall where Tony had disappeared along with Kray’s men. The bars were sturdy, but they started to give slightly with about half of Steve’s strength. He stopped before he could make any noticeable gap, but when the time came, he would have something to contribute to their escape.
“Hey, the music didn’t wake you, did it?” Tony asked, checking that the suit’s sensors were still calibrating correctly.
Steve took a deep breath, his chest rising with the movement. For a moment, Tony thought he might not respond, but eventually he blinked his eyes open. They landed on Tony first, which caused a dopey smile to grace both of their features.
Tony nodded and set aside his mug of coffee, standing to join Steve at the railing. He leaned his shoulder against Steve’s, who then looked at him with a small, pleased smile.
What Steve really wanted was to feel Tony’s palm against his- feel the callouses that were likely there, built up from hours spent creating in the lab. He wanted to know what Tony was thinking right now- whether Steve was being clear about what he wanted or if he needed to use his words, which he wasn’t always good at.
The nurse at the counter recognized who Steve was, and simply said, “Room 708,” letting him stride through the door leading to the hallway he wanted without another comment.  Steve was pretty sure he’d said thank you...but he didn’t really have time to dwell on it.
Steve was right. Kray and his men didn’t come back for at least another 22 hours, by Steve’s internal clock. He and Tony had gotten some sleep, but it was the kind that wasn’t at all restful. The cells were cold and damp, and Steve could feel Tony shivering from his own cell, no matter how he tried to conceal it.
“You mean morning? Yeah, it’s that time,” Steve said, and Tony smiled. He held out the cup of coffee and Tony grabbed it without even taking his eyes off the screen.
Tony grinned back at him, and tapped Steve’s hand gently, as he shifted up to sitting. “Come on, soldier. It’s time for a shower. Then, breakfast for you and coffee for me.”
Steve sighed. “Tony, the fact that you can’t watch your teammate in pain doesn’t make you weak. I know for a fact that if you were alone here being...tortured,” Steve struggled to think about it, “you’d never give in to their demands. You’d die before you’d help them harm innocent lives.” Tony didn’t respond, so Steve knew he was right.
Tony didn’t let him attempt to finish the question. “Yeah, some. I haven’t been down here long. Probably rolled out of bed a little before you.” Tony gave Steve a small smile, but he faltered when he caught the annoyed look on Steve’s face. So he hadn’t fooled him, then.
Tony groaned. “You’re not playing fair.” Steve’s teeth released his lip and stared down at Tony’s own. And why couldn’t he kiss his boyfriend on his own private beach if he wanted to? His boyfriend who was already lying on top of him in all his wet, sandy glory? So he did.
“Is that what you’ve been working on?” Steve asked him. Tony grinned and nodded, motioning for Steve to follow him.
Steve shrugged as best he could from his horizontal position. “Okay, but your age isn’t what matters to me Tony. It’s you that matters.” Tony pursed his lips at the cheesy line. “And anyway, I like your wrinkles.”
“Tell me you’re not interested, and I’ll listen,” Steve said, his forehead nearly touching Tony’s. “But don’t give me any more excuses.”
Steve processed that, and belatedly turned off the faucet, sending the room into silence. He watched the way Tony blinked rapidly, trying to reign in whatever he’d thought he’d just revealed.
Steve considered him for a moment. He had an accent, but Steve couldn’t detect what. Maybe that was the point. He was a big guy, but not as big as Steve. His nose was crooked, like he’d broken it many times and never had surgery- a guy who wanted to look tough, then. None of the men wore armor or covered their faces, so they must’ve been confident that either Steve and Tony weren’t getting out alive to identify them or a record of them didn’t exist for detection.
Steve tested his hand restraints but they were reinforced somehow. It seemed that they’d made some preparations for an enhanced person, but Steve knew it couldn’t have been him, considering the conversation he’d overheard back in Tony’s lab. Maybe it was supposed to be for the Iron Man suit. He looked over at Tony again, taking comfort from the rise and fall of his chest.
“How are your feet, Cap?” Tony asked. His faceplate was still down, and Steve was simultaneously glad to see Iron Man again yet somehow also wishing he could see Tony’s face.
Natasha caught his gaze from where she sat in the armchair next to Tony. Her brows were furrowed at Steve in thought, like she was trying to puzzle something out. Steve looked back at his pizza before she could scrutinize him further.
“Well, just so you know, the feeling’s mutual,” Tony assured him. “And anyway, Natasha would probably figure it out immediately or else what kind of a spy is she?”
“What would I want from Tony Stark?” the boss asked, mockingly. “Why, a weapon of course.” Steve could see the way Tony’s jaw and fists clenched. “The last time you were held captive, Stark, you created your greatest weapon yet,” the boss continued. “So, it stands to reason that repeating the circumstances would garner similar results.”
Tony eventually had to pull away to breathe, but he didn’t let that stop him from rucking up Steve’s shirt and sliding his hand underneath. Steve inhaled sharply at the feeling of Tony’s nails scraping down his back. He ducked down to graze first his lips along Tony’s neck and then his teeth, which received a moan from Tony that Steve couldn’t help himself from echoing. The sound caused both of their hips to stutter toward each other, and Steve bit his lip on a gasp.
“That’s not true, Tony. You’ve changed in the eyes of people that matter. And if all people wanted from you were weapons, then explain me. Do you think I want weapons from you, Tony?”
“I apologize, Captain, but Dr. Banner has not emerged from his quarters. Sir, however, is currently in the workshop, if you request his assistance.”
“Nope, I’m serious. Come back,” Tony insisted. “I won’t stop until those two hundred and forty pounds are laying on top of me.”
Tony returned the smile, but it quickly faded as he seemed to make up his mind about something. “I’ve never-” Tony cut himself off, but when he looked at Steve again, his eyes were determined. “I’ve never told anyone about Afghanistan.”
Natasha smiled and Steve immediately shed the gun in his hand as Natasha smoothly detached the shield from her back, and in the same motion, flung it toward Steve. As soon as the shield was in his hands, Steve felt like he could do anything.
Steve didn’t look over at Tony, not wanting to see the way they were likely restraining him to make him watch what they were about to do. Kray walked into the cell with Steve, looking over at Tony with his mocking smile. The crooked nose man from before was next to Steve, holding a knife that he was twisting around in his grip so the sharp point would catch the light. He gave a sadistic smirk to Steve.
Steve smiled and looked away quickly. He didn’t know why his neck suddenly felt hot, except that Tony’s voice had sounded kind of like the way he’d used to talk to Pepper.
Tony was lying in the hospital bed, propped up so he had no problem typing away on his phone like nothing had happened.  Strangely, instead of Tony’s blatant disregard for injury frustrating Steve, as it usually did, it made a fond smile appear on his face.  Tony looked up at him and a tired smile graced his features to reciprocate Steve’s.  Steve quickly noted the bruise above Tony’s right eyebrow, and his split lip, as well as the brace on his left wrist.  A relieved sigh escaped his throat involuntarily, and he strode over to the bed to (carefully) pull Tony into his chest.
“That doesn’t surprise me,” Bruce admitted, shaking his head at Tony. “How are you doing, Steve?” Steve looked up from the crossword at the sound of his name.
“I’m sorry, but it’s not up to you this time. People care about you. And they care about me, too. And they’re out there right now looking for us,” Steve said. “You’re right that I didn’t know you before, but you didn’t know me before the serum either. It doesn’t matter what either of us were like then because it doesn’t change that I know you now. And I know how you think.” Tony huffed and shook his head.
Steve reached the workshop door and typed in his access code, waiting for the click that signalled the door was unlocked. Tony was at his desk, and his back was to Steve, but it looked to him like he was typing on one of the three keyboards laid out in front of him.
“Can you blame me?” Tony said, exasperated. “Steve, I don’t know what I would do if we tried this and it ended badly. I’m not good at letting people in, okay? And no one else has ever made me feel this scared.” Tony looked away at those last words, not able to meet Steve’s eyes with the admission. “What if you get tired of me? Or realize you don’t like me the way you thought? Not in the way I would...”
He’d often thought about how unfair it was that his teammates, excluding Thor who never seemed to get injured too badly, had to experience the slow-going, painful healing process after almost every mission. The only consolation was that at least painkillers worked for the others.
Tony immediately missed his weight, but Steve was hauling him up and they were hurrying back to the house like they were on a mission, which they basically were. A mission in the bedroom.
Tony had been lounging happily on his towel watching Steve slice through the water (because of course he was taking this opportunity to get in some exercise), when the vision of Steve rising from the ocean like a Greek god made Tony feel suddenly very hot and very inappropriate for being in a somewhat public space.
“Here and there. When I can,” Tony said, rather pathetically if his aim was not to worry Steve. And predictably, Steve frowned in concern.
Tony felt Steve move toward him, but he waited until he was right in front of him to pull Steve close, resting his forehead against Steve’s chest and wrapping his arms around his back. Steve carded his hands through Tony’s hair, his fingers massaging Tony’s scalp until the headache that had been persisting for weeks was a dull memory.
“How can you explain that one, Cap?” Tony said, derisively. “We wouldn’t be here at all if it weren’t for the things I invented for Stark Industries weapons manufacturing. Or if I hadn’t built Iron Man.”
Steve took a left and pulled into the hospital’s parking lot, hastily parking the car and jumping out, for once not caring if he’d parked between the lines.  Walking through the hospital doors, he immediately headed toward the elevator and pressed the button for the seventh floor.  He took a moment to think about the fact that he’d been to this hospital enough to know which floor Tony would be on.  It was kind of a sad thought.
“What’d I tell you?” Tony said, half-teasingly. “Who needs a healing factor?” Tony was sounding a little breathless, which encouraged Steve to rest his hand more fully on Tony’s. He watched Tony’s adam’s apple bob up and down as he swallowed.
Tony began to tell Steve about Yinsen and about the cave- how Yinsen had saved his life and helped him build the arc reactor and the suit. And how at the end, he didn’t make it. How he’d sacrificed himself to give Tony time and to see his family again.
“Actually, Steve and I had sex last night,” Tony said suddenly. “A few times, in fact. And once this morning.” Bruce stared in confusion for a second, before registering the words and choking on his coffee. Tony patted his back, helpfully. “Don’t look so surprised, Brucie. You’re gonna hurt my feelings.”
“I like you too, Steve,” Tony whispered, so Steve opened his eyes to look into Tony’s. He had a serious expression, the likes of which Steve hadn’t seen that often. He couldn’t prevent the way his hand gripped Tony tighter.
Steve wanted to shout at Natasha, but he didn’t want to distract her. So instead, he and Tony ran until they were within her eyesight, Steve picking off attackers with his gun and Tony utilizing his makeshift repulsor.
“I’m thinking that I won’t do what they want, but that there’s no way I can just stand by while they torture you,” Tony continued. “I’m thinking I’m exhausted of my past coming back to bite me in the ass, and I’m thinking this cell feels a lot like a cave-” Tony broke off with a noise of frustration, leaning his head back again and closing his eyes.
With that, the man turned away and the others followed, disappearing down the hallway and out of Steve’s view. Movement to his right caught his attention, and he looked to see Tony starting to sit up, groaning. One hand came to his head, where the cut had stopped bleeding.
Steve shook his head as he took stock of everything. “I think it’s all healing,” Steve said. “The bones will take longer, but all the cuts are gone. I’m thinking it’ll be 24 hours and I’ll be completely healed.” Steve rubbed at a spot of dried blood on his chest, the only indication that a knife had been dragged there, revealing the clean, healthy skin underneath. Tony let out a sigh.
“Look, you’re already annoyed with me. I’m a neurotic workaholic who doesn’t know when to stop,” Tony said. “And I almost certainly have untreated PTSD that Pepper, for one, never knew how to deal with, let alone myself.”
When he pulled Tony into a slow and desperate kiss, it turned into the most torturously enjoyable hour of Tony’s life. At least, he thought it was an hour but it could’ve been longer or shorter, for all he was aware. He didn’t know if he’d ever yearned more for something to both end and continue forever.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You were asleep for sixty-six of those years, Steve. I don’t think it counts.”
After not meeting much resistance thus far, a shock of adrenaline shot through Steve when they entered another hallway and it was filled with men, all previously aiming the other direction and now with guns trained on him and Tony.
Steve saw SHIELD agents he recognized and realized he didn’t know who to trust in that moment. He had a feeling allegiances amongst agents were still being worked out, but what caught his attention more was the shield that was slung across Natasha’s back.
“Tony,” Steve projected calm into his voice around the pain, meeting Tony’s eyes through the bars and hopefully communicating what he intended.
It had become a sort of habit for him to complete the daily crossword in the newspaper every morning. He rarely seemed to know the answers, but it helped catch him up, in a small way. These days, he took every chance he could get, no matter how small.
The next morning, Tony told Kray that he would cooperate, which meant that Tony was taken away to wherever they were having him build the sonic taser. Steve was left alone in his cell with nothing to do or think about, except whether they were treating Tony alright or giving him food or water.
Steve patted Tony’s hand once more before releasing it and leaning back in his chair.  Tony gave him another smile and closed his eyes.
It was by no means fully repaired, but Steve could see that they’d fixed the outer wall where an enormous hole had been. That must’ve been how they’d gotten Steve and Tony out of the building. The ceiling where the bomb had been placed wasn’t fully repaired yet, with wires hanging down and air ducts exposed.
When they eventually parted, Tony was actually flushed, something Steve had never seen outside of a combat situation. Tony realized he was still clutching Steve’s shirt, so he released his grip and smoothed down the fabric, his hand lingering on Steve’s chest.
When Kray did appear, they were jolted awake as men rushed into both of their cells, pulling them into standing positions. Steve immediately fought back, knocking down both guards, even with his hands bound. Guards outside the cell shot him with another of the darts they’d used to kidnap them, but a lower dosage, making Steve weak and dizzy but not knocking him unconscious.
Well, you’re doing a bang up job of that, so far, Steve thought to himself, swallowing thickly around the lump in his throat. His steak wasn’t tasting so good anymore.
He stood up and looked down the hallway for Tony, but no one was coming yet. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to stay there and wait, or break out of his cell right then. He didn’t have to wonder long before he could hear the sounds of shouting, fast-approaching. Guards holding Tony rounded the corner and quickly shoved him into his cell.
“Any further refusal to cooperate will only result in the Captain’s eventual death,” Kray continued. “And no matter how long you think you’ll last, Stark, you won’t let yourself be responsible for Captain America’s death.”
“You will,” Nat said, with certainty. Steve nodded. He would, but he didn’t want to scare Tony off. The time would come when it felt right to say.
Steve heard footsteps approaching distantly and looked away from Tony, leaning his back against the stone wall behind him. It sounded like several people.
“What you’re doing is killing something before you even know how it would turn out,” Steve said. “Something that could be great if you’d let it.” Steve felt his anger melting away, being replaced by disappointment and a deep sadness that sank into his bones. “You’re cutting yourself off from happiness because you’re afraid it might go wrong.”
He did an excellent job of it. As it turns out, the alcohol can drown out many things, memories, feelings, and even scents. He eventually figured out that maybe that wasn’t the best way to deal with things.
Before, Tony was happy to accept these hugs; he’d bury his face in her hair and hold her close like he never let himself do with anyone else. Now, he did the same, albeit with much more trepidation, and let the soft tears soak into his shirt.
They stop beneath one of the trees shading the lake’s edge and listen to the birds trilling in the treetops, the wind dancing through the leaves, the water lapping softly at the tree’s roots. It’s peaceful there, idyllic.
When they get to the scene, Morbius had already made a bloody mess of AIM’s beekeepers and turned about half into his vampiric underlings. The streets contained a chaotic mess of bystanders fleeing, AIM’s remaining soldiers attempting to reorganize, and vampires attacking both indiscriminately.
As soon as Tony’s eyes were open and he was lucid, the first words out of Steve’s mouth were, “Oh, thank god. I thought I lost you.”
Peter pulled Tony in for a hug, lifting him off the floor in the process. The kid didn't even seem to notice, he just buried his face in Tony's chest for a second.
“Well, they have quite a bit to say about their hunting habits, and judging by the way the retractable claws on his feet are twitching, Tony might just think of you as prey if you don’t stop poking at him.”
[Mr. Stark has an urgent matter he is attending to. It will likely be a few days before he is available.]
Seriously, that was another thing he wanted to complain about. He felt so lied to; the velociraptors in Jurassic Park looked nothing like this. He could kind of deal with the feathers, he felt silly, but at least they were red and goldish. No, the worst thing was the height. He was not even three feet tall and it made him feel like an overgrown chicken, the way the others kept teasing him didn’t help either.
Tony marveled at the soft weight in his lap. His hand cradled Steve's cheek, his thumb rhythmically brushing over the back of Steve's ear. Tony's leg was falling asleep, but he'd be damned if he was going to move it, not with the way Steve's breathing had evened out and a small smile played across his lips. Sleep like that was hard to come by in this tower, Tony could attest to that.
Comfortable and still exhausted from the day’s battle, Steve began drifting off, only to awaken to the sound of Clint snickering, a while later. He looked around to find that everyone had joined them in the living room. Clint wasn’t the only one finding the situation amusing, as they were soon treated to Thor’s boisterous laugh and even Bruce and Natasha were silently laughing.
The spicy scent of Caron's Poivre always reminded Tony of his mother’s hugs. It wasn’t as well-known as Chanel No. 5, another of his mother’s favorites, but it was a common enough in the circles he moved in. He just hadn’t realized how common it was until after she was gone. Men and women alike donned the scent, stirring up vivid memories, so Tony learned to ignore it.
But just as he settled in he heard a strange scritch-scratch and froze. Sitting on the steps leading up to the house was a human! His hair shone in the sun as he moved his pencil furiously, eyes dancing between his paper and Tony. As if some sort of spell were cast over him, Tony couldn’t move. His heart pounded.
“Hey, no one knew he could fly. The air team should have handled it. This is some crazy shit. All the mistakes of old extremis plus blood sucking. Were they trying to engineer a regenerative formula or just make exploding vampires?” Tony turned so that his head was resting on Steve’s shoulder.
“I think perhaps it is not something so simple,” Thor gently rumbled, pulling Tony into his arms. “I can only hope that you may one day share with me that which troubles you.”
Experiencing the world as a turtle leaves Steve a little shell shocked, so to speak. While Tony focuses on getting them home, Steve withdraws back into his shell. Everything just feels a little safer tucked away from the world.
As he pulled up, his motorcycle rumbling beneath him and all his belongings packed into a duffle bag, Steve recalled the first time he saw the tower.
"I don't see why I have to wear this," Steve said, in a manner that might be considered grumbling if it weren't for the fact he's a national icon. "Wouldn't my regular uniform work?"
While it was true Tony could see someone with him in the mirror, he could never get a good look, the image always slipped away when he focused on it, leaving behind a slight chill to the air. Everything he ever heard about soulmates told him that wasn’t normal. He was pretty sure his soulmate wasn’t supposed to be that big either, Tony was only eight after all. His soulmate should be a kid like him.
When Steve had left, Tony had seemed just a little tired, tried to pass it off as nothing, but Steve knew something had happened in that last battle. Now he shivered limply on the couch with his eyes glazed over.
“Many human beings say that they enjoy the winter, but what they really enjoy is feeling proof against it. For them there is no winter food problem. They have fires and warm clothes. The winter cannot hurt them and therefore increases their sense of cleverness and security. For birds and animals, as for poor men, winter is another matter. Rabbits, like most wild animals, suffer hardship.”
Morbius rose above the crowd, his gaunt, bat-like face twisting into a snarl as he shouted, “I’ve had enough of you zealots! Your imbecilic leader, Tarleton, never really sought a cure, only to sell my mutation to the highest bidder.”
Tony’s grip on Steve’s hand was tight, a lesser man might have found it painful. This was serious, whatever Tony’s issues with water were and Steve was probably making it worse by getting Tony wet. He scooched away, so he wouldn’t drip on Tony anymore.
Tentatively Steve put his arm around Tony, ready to pull away if it didn’t help, but Tony actually relaxed into it and even went a step further by resting his head against Steve’s shoulder. Steve had an urge to see how far he could take this, how much would Tony let him have. He tangled his legs with Tony’s; the sight of his bare skin against Tony’s pants was a little odd, but not unpleasant.
Tony balked a little when Pepper started marching toward him, her mouth forming a frown and her hands clenching into fists. That was never an expression he wanted to see on her face.
“Steve? Are you with me again?” Steve relaxed, it was Tony. “I made us some shelter. It’s not the fine accommodations I usually provide, but it will have to do.”
"Someone will come by to get us soon enough," Steve claimed. "We can just take it easy in the meantime."
Tony sniffled, looking a bit annoyed. “What? Fine. A few sniffles won’t knock a normal human out of play, Cap. You might want to get on with the plan. Thor’s eyes are glazing over.”
Getting hugs from Thor might have been easy, but asking for them was a whole other bucket of bolts. Unfortunately for Tony he made that discovery a little late, as in right in the middle of talking to Thor.
“He’s also had meetings for those new government contracts, prep work for that congressional hearing last week, and about twenty interviews. The PR department is running him hard,” Nat added. “You didn’t hear about it from him?”
"They started it." Tony crossed his arms imperiously, though the effect was ruined when he sneezed once more. "Who's buying them again?"
Steve cut him off with a searing kiss, his hands cupping Tony’s hips, every fiber of his being, every cell, every corner of his soul alight with emotion.  Gently biting Steve’s lip, Tony threaded his arms through Steve’s and held on tight.
As the dust settles, Tony spots something at the bottom of the crater. If it wasn’t so small and misshapen, Tony would think it was Steve’s shield; it has the distinctive star in the center surrounded by concentric circles of red, white, and blue. Tony picks it up and realizes it looks awfully like the shell of a turtle.
Clint chuckled. “Hindsight is a bitch. You should have listened to Nat. She usually knows what she’s talking about.”
Though Steve did see some truth in that, Tony was so much more, he provided Steve with a home, not just a place to live. So instead he pointed out: "I'm older than you."
“You did throw me in jail, which sucked, but honestly you weren’t the first person to do that and Captain America said you had your reasons.”
"You're highly collectable, and Dad made sure he had a bigger collection than anybody," Tony explained with a shrug, maybe if he made it sound casual then it wouldn't be such a big deal to talk about
As the team began to file out, Steve couldn’t resist leaning in to kiss Tony on the cheek. He could do that now. Tony actually liked him! It still felt unreal. Sometimes he had to pinch himself to prove he didn’t just dream up Tony asking him on a date.
Tony sneezed. His eyes watered behind his sunglasses. The profuse scent of flowers- daffodils and peonies and whatever the hell else populated the overflowing buckets- pervaded the shop. His gaze fell on a bunch of delicate flowers, their pale blue petals curling back. He snatched them up. "These," he said dropping them on the counter.
Harley squealed as he ran up to Tony and tackled him in delight, or rather that was what Tony pictured happening. Really he should have known better, Harley simply wasn’t the type. Like Tony, he was awkward with affection and tried to play down the things that mattered the most, even more so now that he was well into his teenage years. He wasn’t the kid from Tony’s memories anymore.
“Is it that strange?” The relationship was so new that he really hadn’t had a chance to talk about it with Sam. It was just a couple of dates so far. It felt like if he said anything that it might jinx it.
“Yeah,” Tony deadpanned with as much distain as he could manage. “Strange, why is your cape trying to turn us into a very large, red burrito?”
Once more, Clint wrapped his arms around Tony and a touch hesitantly, Tony returned the gesture. “Come by anytime. We have plenty of chores to help out with,” Clint joked warmly.
Tony trailed off, slightly concerned about the extreme fidgeting Peter was doing. He either had to go to the bathroom or was literally gearing up to bounce off the walls.
"Then what did you-- wait, collection?" Steve's eyebrows were doing the adorable scrunchy thing they did when he got confused.
“Perhaps later we shall test it. Though knowing you, it will work brilliantly.” Jarvis smiled down at Tony and ruffled his hair.
Steve was taken aback. Earlier that morning, Bruce had reported that Tony got him the decrypted files and that they finally begun to synthesize a cure. However, Steve hadn’t seen Tony at all even though he usually could at least catch him on a coffee run.
All the energy drained out of Steve. He stared at his feet, apparently not noticing or caring the way his jacket dragged against the floor. His voice had been hollow, resigned.
Steve wasn't going to hold back then. "That's what happens when you aren't paying attention in battle."
Tony pulled Steve into a hollow in the snow and rested him on some pine boughs, still wrapped in that silvery blanket. The armor popped open, letting Tony out to seal up the entrance around it. Steve thought it was probably warming up, but his confused body was still wracked with chills.
"Remember how you argued with the make up artist? And broke the armrests on your chair? You intimidate them."
The hot skin was red and swollen. Jarvis immediately took Tony over to the sink to run it under cold water. Tony squirmed a little, but didn’t protest.
Steve looks down at his flippers and claws, considering the question. His current body and instincts are completely unfamiliar to him. It’s strange and disorienting and he doesn’t know how long this will last, if he’ll ever be himself again, if he’ll ever have a chance to tell Tony about his feelings. It’s terrifying, but ultimately there’s nothing wrong with him aside from the obvious so he nods his head.
Vaguely aware of Tony landing, Steve attempted to let go, but his arms were frozen in position. Tony’s hands, the gauntlets of the armor, were warm as they came up to pry Steve off. Once he was free, with nothing to support him, he fell over into the snow. “Shit,” Tony gasped. “I’ll be right back.”
Steve sat on the bed next to Tony and took his hand. “Tony, I might not get sick anymore, but I spent years in and out of the hospital with every damn illness that came within a mile of me. I can’t count how many times I got a cough and I thought that was going to be the one that finally killed me. If tomorrow I went back to that, would you think less of me?”
Steve spent days next to Tony’s bed waiting for the fever to subside. The doctors said it was the flu and overwork. Tony ran himself too hard and never gave his body a chance to fight off the virus. They let him ride it out in his room at the tower, with supervision and check ins.
Bright sunlight warmed Steve’s back as he finished reading a passage aloud. He glanced to his left to see the plant just as it always was, though now with healthier, fuller leaves. Steve closed the book and let it fall into his lap.
“You owed me a birthday hug,” Bucky said, as he caught Tony’s stunned look and disappeared into the darkness once more.
On Steve’s third lap around the compound, a sleek car pulled up to the main building. Steve kept running as Tony emerged from the car, wearing an equally sleek three-piece suit. Tony whistled at him and Steve he tried to ignore the heat that rose to his cheeks.
"What do you mean it's not that bad? We're adrift at sea!" Tony shouted down to where Steve was treading water.
Tony nodded to himself and rolled back onto the couch, settling the blanket around him. He closed his eyes.
Steve set his shield on his back and jogged over. “Tony! – Sorry, Ma'am, your interview will have to wait. – Tony, what happened out there? What was that green light? Where are we?”
“Fancy seeing you here,” Tony said after popping out of the suit; he stumbled a little, his injuries took more of a toll than he thought. “I would have thought you’d have evacuated with the rest of the tower.”
Tony’s thoughts stuttered as the mental equivalent of error notifications popped up. A few long seconds later Tony rebooted. “…Why am I in your warm and muscly embrace?”
"Who said I don't do hugs?" Tony croaked out, despite all his effort to keep it cool, and he held his arms out in invitation.
Tony considered it. Were they friends? He didn’t think they were before, but he supposed that after the past few days of playing with the kids, eating dinner with the family, and setting up an advanced security system around the farm, things might have changed.
So all Tony got in greeting was a simple “hey” and a shrug. It only emphasized how much Harley had grown since Tony had last seen him. He wasn’t as tall as Tony, but he was catching up.
“He’s busy. It’s not a big deal.” Steve knew about the hearing, but hadn’t heard a word about half the other stuff. How had Tony been managing all that, Avenging, and dates? Why didn’t he tell Steve? What else is he not saying?
“Of course.” Straightening up, Tony snapped his fingers and a thumb drive popped out of a compartment on the armor’s hip. He plugged it in to the computer bank. “What? You don’t think I can keep up?”
Peter shook himself and made another attempt to form a coherent sentence. "Nevermind. You don't really do that anyway. Sorry. Again."
The kitten climbing Tony’s shoulder reached its destination and planted its two front paws in Tony’s hair, its furry little stomach brushing against Tony’s ear. Meanwhile the little knuckle biter decided to get a few kicks in, just in case it hadn’t killed Tony’s hand dead enough.
Steve held Tony tight, as if bringing him close now could erase the previous distance between them. "Even Captain America can't protect everyone alone, Tony, but maybe we can do it together," Steve whispered. The two stayed like that for a long time, taking shelter from their mistakes in each other's arms.
Tony knew what happened to kids that weren’t normal. So, he put it aside, made sure to only look at mirrors straight on, and didn’t think about it (mostly) for about thirty years.
Exhaustion was written clearly across Tony’s face as he answered, his voice a mere raspy whisper. “You can’t get sick. You’re already the peak of human perfection and I’m an aging playboy with a heart problem and decreased lung capacity. If you saw how a little virus could bring me down...”
"No, I agree with the stylists on this one, your usual look doesn't project 'fire safety' nearly as well."
Tony glanced up from his phone at the man beside him, it was that weird one that could grow and shrink. Ant buddy? Giant dude? Giant ant pal? He was still hanging around with Steve? Tony thought he’d crawled back to where ever he came from. What was he even talking about?
“Can’t say I expected you either,” Steve responds, though something about his voice makes Tony’s eyes snap open. Tony searches Steve’s face for some sign of the emotion straining his voice. It almost looked like hope. “But I’m glad. I missed you.”
His hands trembled as they found the bottle half hidden under the couch and twisted off the cap. The golden liquid inside looked muddy in the dim light of the workshop.
“For luck,” he mumbled as he struggled not to blush. Maybe he was pushing it too far too soon, He wasn’t sure how serious Tony was about all this. He turned to escape before Tony could razz him too badly for it.
On the battlefield not having a soulmate almost seemed like a blessing. He could have easily never made it back from some of those missions, there were several occasions he almost didn’t. It was rough just knowing he might never get a chance to tell Peggy how he really felt, never mind missing out on a future with his soulmate.
“Tony, I’m not – I know you – You used to be afraid of Howard’s flamingo,” Steve babbled, throwing out the first thing that came to mind. Seeing that he was getting a reaction out of Tony, he continued, “You love reading about King Arthur, you hate olives, but love cheese, you sometimes threaten to get rid of Dum-E, but you’d never –”
Soon they’d need wrangling for feeding and bathing, which Tony hadn’t the least idea how to do. He should probably call for back up. “Nix that. I don’t need them knowing about this.”
Sometimes Tony wondered how he could go so wrong while trying to protect people. First the weapons he made to protect American soldiers were used to harm them and innocent people, then his peacekeeping robot wanted to destroy humanity, and now this, all the compromises he made to protect his team, the people he cared about, Steve, all of it just drove them apart. It just goes to show that Tony was never meant to be a shield, no matter how much he wanted to be.
Steve really meant to take the crepe from Tony's hand, but for some reason his brain focused on the chocolate on Tony's lips instead. Before he knew what he was doing, he was grabbing Tony's chin and going in for the sweetest kiss of his life.
It was only a few weeks after he first saw it happened that some of the pieces of the puzzle finally came together. It was during a long meeting, following an even longer mission. Tony waited not-so-patiently in front of the coffee maker in one of SHIELD’s conference rooms, a boxy thing with MR. COFFEE emblazoned on its brown and white casing. Steve blinked and it had transformed into something sleek and chrome under Tony’s personally offended glare. Seconds later the coffee was done and Tony poured as much of it was would fit into his cup as he could, like everything was normal.
“Bless you.” Steve blinked over at Tony, who was wiping his nose. It was the third time Steve had heard Tony sneeze since they woke up this morning. “Are you okay?”
JARVIS let him know when Tony had emerged from his workshop and he is currently heading to the common area kitchen to catch him there. Steve is finally, after months of mental avoidance, going to tell Tony how he feels about him. He braces himself before stepping into the kitchen—good or bad, he can’t spend another minute without Tony knowing.
“We’ve fought aliens and people claiming to be gods, but this is the strangest thing to ever happen to one of us,” Steve said while staring at the plant he had placed on the kitchen table. It wasn’t very large, mostly consisting of a thorny stem that made Steve glad of his thick gloves and a few battered leaves. With a frown Steve nudged the improvised pot over so the plant could catch a bit more of the afternoon sunlight.
“It’s a support group: ‘so you experimented on yourself and became a monster.’ We meet on Thursdays,” Bruce joked, not entirely managing to cover up his discomfort. Steve made a note to check in on him later. “I trust I’ll be on standby?”
Tony shook his head and turned away from the computer. "Oh no, it's way more than a thousand, that's just how many people are on this one part of this relatively new site."
“Well, I didn’t think Captain America was in the market for a sugar daddy.” Sam bumped Steve’s shoulder.
No, she was giving him the chance to pull away if he wanted to. He was half tempted to. Even now a part of him didn’t quite trust her. Yet…there was something to be said for the gentleness of the hug. The contrast between it and Natasha’s usual air of danger was a little dizzying.
Tony was frozen in shock. Somehow Tony had gone from being apologized to, to being forgiven without even doing anything and now there was hugging. With a quick squeeze, the man let go.
Steve tried not to be self-conscious, Tony had seen him like this before, what with some of the quick changes he had to do before missions, but this felt too much like something else. No matter what he looked like now, Steve was still the skinny kid that one looked twice at unless it was to make fun of him.
“I didn’t see this coming either,” Tony replied. “I’m not complaining though, even if we end up spending the rest of our lives on an uncharted island where I have to build everything out of coconuts and bamboo.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark!” The woman shouted again, just as she was stopped by a bodyguard. “Christine Everhart, Vanity Fair Magazine. Can I –”
The next thing Steve knew, he was being dragged through the snow. He blindly kicked out, but even fueled by panic he didn’t have enough strength to break the grip, he was too sick.
Steve peeked through the door to see if Tony was awake yet, and if he was, whether he was behaving himself. By some miracle, Tony was both awake and staying in bed like he was supposed to. He opened the door the rest of the way and walked through.
Steve turned to Natasha and Clint. “I want the ground team to start looking for the holding cells. We don’t know what AIM wants with those missing people, but we need to get any survivors out of there ASAP.”
Harley leaned in to meet him, bringing his arms around Tony’s shoulders. It was as awkward and tentative as Tony’s own hugs, but warm nonetheless. Tony was damn glad he had his sunglasses on, he shouldn’t embarrass himself in front of the kid like this.
update: I found some interesting information about feathers on dinosaurs! Looks like Tony turned out unusually colorful for a carnivorous dino.
Steve laid back on the bed and pulled Tony closer so that his head was resting against Steve’s chest. “One good thing about not getting sick is that I can do this.”
Tony woke with a yawn and stretched his paws out in front of him, nearly tipping his tulip bed over, but the flower swayed back into place. A dusting of pollen, leftover from his snack, coated his face. It had been a nice nap, but Tony was getting hungry again. He poked his head out from the petals to check if the coast was clear before jumping down to search for more snacks. Perhaps if he was lucky, there would be more seeds scattered near the old house.
He stared at it, like he was looking at the barrel of a gun, but didn't take a drink. A rush of air escaped from his lips.
The next moment, he was pressed face down on the floor, finding out why touching international assassins without their permission was a really bad idea. Hazel let him up as soon as back up burst through the door, and Tony was hauled off with nothing more than a bruised ego.
Steve accepted this, nodding. It must be true. No winter lasted forever, no matter how harsh. He took off running.
Clint snorted and started ruffling the feathers on Tony’s tail. “Oh yeah? What theories are out there about veloci-chickens? Is there anything about the evolutionary purpose of gaudy feathers?”
“I haven’t seen him since the mission,” Steve said, trying to sound casual. “JARVIS said he’s going to be busy a few days.”
“Thanks for visiting,” Clint said, pulling Tony into a hug. “It really meant a lot to us and the kids loved having someone new to play with.”
The tiny little stripped kitten began gnawing on Tony’s knuckles with surprisingly sharp teeth, while one of its siblings, wandered over to Tony’s elbow on wobbly paws. Yet another still was attempting to claw up Tony’s shirt on to his head. Tony wasn’t quite sure where the fourth had wandered off to.
Tony caught his sleeve and pulled him down for a kiss. “God, you’re so sappy. If we’re gonna do this, you might as well give me a real kiss.”
“It’s always something,” Tony sighed and untangled his hand from the kitten’s grasp. He grabbed the other two and put them in the center of the bed, hoping like hell they’d stay there.
Several minutes passed like that, and then Tony started wiggling around. “You don’t need to do this, you know.”
Lightning fast, two arms, one metal, one flesh, wrapped around Tony, pulling him into a broad chest. Long brown hair smelling of gun oil tickled Tony’s nose and neck, but only for an instant. Bucky let go before Tony could react.
[Sir, if I may, perhaps you should check the shoes you left sitting in the southwest corner of the room.]
Tony swallows the last of his food and says, “Looks like we’ve got trouble. I guess we’ll have to find some other time for our little chat.”
“Avengers!” Morbius spat, once more sending some of his vampires after them. “You fools are no better than AIM!”
Unsatisfied that the hug was sufficiently comforting, Fury added a few soft pats to Stark’s back, before letting go. With a smile, Fury noticed that Stark looked rather befuddled, but lighter all the same. It was the best that Fury could have hoped for, really.
“Who knew the good doctor was such a slippery bastard?” Tony grumbled as he stepped out of the armor. He looked exhausted, slumping over.
Natasha did it so swiftly and silently that it took Tony a second to figure out what was going on. She held him very lightly, yet not in such a way that gave the impression she was shying away from contact him.
The Winter Soldier paced like a caged animal, somehow exuding a sense of danger despite his slim frame. As he watched from behind the one way glass, Tony had no doubt that small body was strong enough to snap his neck if the owner so chose. How could he, when that predatory glare directed towards the door made it so clear?
Sam crossed his arms. “Always wanted to fight a mad scientist with freaky vampire powers. Where the hell do they find these guys? Is there a convention?”
Powdered sugar flew everywhere and chocolate was dripping down Tony's chin. Steve was a little worried he'd choke, at least there were plenty of nurses around. More distracting were the moaning sounds Tony was making. Did he really have to do that?
Nick Fury was not really the hugging type, he more ascribed to the tough love sort of approach. It wasn’t that he never hugged anyone ever, more that there were only a very specific set of circumstances under which he’d do it. These were not those circumstances, yet here he was, hugging Tony Stark anyway.
Tony retracts his helmet and tries again, “Cap… Steve, is that you?” The turtle looks up at Tony and appears to nod his head. Tony lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding in.
"No, it's a sitcom from the sixties, these idiots went on a three-hour tour and were trapped on an uncharted island for years."
Bandages applied and treatment finished, Jarvis once more scooped Tony up into a hug. He hoped Tony would always remember that Jarvis was there for him.
“Can’t you just do your thing?” Tony pleaded. “Don’t tell me getting out of your own clothes is too difficult for you.”
He scampered out to grab one before running back to safety to eat it. He finished it and went back out for another, and another, until he decided it was safe enough to just stay there to eat them.
The whine of Tony’s repulsors made Steve look up from the battle. Steve grinned at the sight of that red and gold armor, but his expression slowly morphed into a frown. Steve was far from an expert, but after years of fighting alongside Tony, he liked to think he has developed a good sense for how Tony moved – and something was off.
No one honestly seemed to notice was the thing that really threw Steve for a loop. A generic tablet computer suddenly weighing three times lighter and spitting out holograms was disconcerting enough, but the person next to you not even seeing a difference was worrying. Steve’s careful questions about the matter never seemed to result in any answers and since he was rarely around any tech old enough to receive instantaneous and unexplained upgrades, he was content to let it remain a mystery for a while longer.
Beams of sickly yellow light are bouncing around Yankee Stadium, causing untold (and strange) property damage, but somehow missing all the evacuating fans. Sorcerer’s Apprentice obviously has some sort of vendetta or grievance that needs a better outlet than destroying a sports stadium, but Tony doesn’t really care what it is. His only concern is working with Sam to clear a space for the quinjet to land so the rest of the team can join them.
Now he supposed he knew why. He understood that Tony sometimes had business emergencies he needed to deal with, but he would have expected him to at least tell Steve, especially now that they were in a relationship.
, and will catch anything before it gets to that point.” Clint looked at Steve forcefully, he was just as forcefully not looking at the planter next to Steve.
Steve ran his fingers through Tony's hair. "Maybe they saw us fight together and liked how well we worked. We fit together. We're an unbeatable combination."
“Don’t worry, I’ll get us somewhere safe,” Tony promised, his voice having taken on a metallic tang through the armor’s speakers.
Sam and Clint offered distracted greetings as they buckled on their armor when Steve made it to the locker room. They’ve streamlined the process as much as possible because having to face down twenty Hydra agents while still trying to pull up your pants isn’t exactly fun, but fully suiting up could still take several minutes. With that in mind, Steve pulled out his uniform.
I wrote this with help from the people over on discord, especially Tiger (for the flowerbed thing) and TaB (for one of Tony's lines).
“You weren’t at the party.” Bucky melted out of the shadows in front of Tony, who was only spared from a heart attack by a ten second warning from Friday.
Tony sighed dramatically, but stopped trying to leave. “This is not how I pictured ending up in your lap.”
A butterfly landed on a nearby flower, sipping at its sweet nectar before taking off in the breeze. Steve stopped grooming Tony to watch it, his fluffy tail lashing.
There was the crunch of snow and a series of cracking sounds. Steve was numb. He couldn’t feel anything, yet simultaneously he felt too much, hot, itchy, achy, dizzy, and so, so cold. He was cold like he’d only ever been in his dreams, where his lungs filled with frost and his bones turned to ice.
Steve fidgeted in his seat and tried not to think of other times Tony might moan like that. His movement must have caught Tony's eye, because the next moment Tony was looking up at him with his cheeks stuffed full.
Steve, as it turns out, doesn’t even wait for that. He dives right out of the quinjet’s open hatch to engage with the enemy. Leaping over giant mushrooms and other pieces of magically altered landscape, Steve begins to draw the magician’s attention. The beams of light start to gain focus, getting too close to Steve as he turtles behind his shield for Tony’s comfort.
“The stem and leaves are damp. You need to be more careful, they could rot.” Steve carefully looked the plant over, and though the leaves were still droopy, thankfully he couldn’t find any evidence of rot.
"Hurry up and eat it before I decide to feed you gruel instead," Steve said, but Tony was already stuffing the crepe in his mouth.
Steve, the earnest little bunny that he was, replied, "Not at all. It was a pleasure working with you."
Within moments, Pepper closed the distance, but instead of telling him what an idiot he was, she hugged him.
Tony tried to breathe, he could let the kid see him fall apart because of one little hug. He wanted to brush the whole thing off, like the last time Peter hugged him, but he just couldn't.
"No, I actually brought you something." Steve placed the takeout box on the table next to Tony's bed. "I thought you could use one of those crepes from that cafe you like so much."
Finally Tony blinked awake enough to realize it was Steve, beautiful Steve, who was making sure Tony was caffeinated for the day. Also he was saying something, in fact Tony had a faint suspicion that Steve had been talking to him this whole time.
“No, Steve Rogers I’m asking you out now. Wanna go out for dinner with me tonight?” Tony asked with an amused grin.
“Then there’s nothing to worry about. Her mom will be good as new” he threw a smile in her way. “Tony,” she scolded him. “Fine! I’ll call. Send some flowers maybe.”  He mumbled, after getting something, I need. He didn’t say, as he walked to the other end of the lab.
The next day, Steve was smiling to himself while watching the Live feed. Watching Tony host was entertainment itself. He was confident, cheeky, and funny. Not to mention drop-dead gorgeous. Actors, actresses, models, almost everyone flirted, made a move on Stark. There were a lot of dating rumors too. But working with Tony for a month now, makes him doubt all the rumors. Tony was funny, kind and sweet. They bantered and flirted on comms so much that did not help with Steve’s hopeless crush.
“Be strong honey. It’s time. I’ll go and find Bucky”, Sarah said. She coughed into her kerchief, where a dark red stain peaked, as she left her alone in the room. One thing she loves about this is that she has a good man walking her down the aisle. Bucky was her best friend and brother. Everyone thought she and Bucky would be more eventually, but it never happened. He was always a brother, and she was his little sister. She would have followed him to the frontlines if it hadn’t been for her poor health conditions when she was young.
“Make it 30 for New year with one condition,” Nat said, now directing her mischievous look at Bucky. “You will ask out Sam for Valentine,” She said, as Bucky sputtered. “Now that’s a Bet” Clint high-fived Nat. “Okay, you know what? If Stevie gets laid by New year, I’ll ask sam out. Valentine or not”
“What do you mean ‘he left’?,” Bucky asked, in confusion. “It means exactly what it means”, Steve mumbled, puttering around his work table, just so he could have something to do with his hands, rather than facing his friends. Actually, Steve didn’t know what to say or think about what happened with Tony. Within a minute, his magical night had turned into some confusing dream. He was confused, hurt and angry about everything. His anxiety-addled brain was not helpful either, showing him all kinds of worst case scenarios.
He looked down at the drink in his hand, thoughts swirling in his head, like the bubbles in the glass.
he had said in Brooklynese during their first encounter.. But Patience was not a virtue for him. He went around, casually asking people if they knew any Rogers. He was pointed to Rogers from finance. By ever. Single. One. of. them. Who he knew, was straight and married.
He thought back to the day he asked him out. He said yes. He wouldn’t say yes without…. He sighed and drowned in the glass in hand.
a horrible realization settled in for Tony. “Tones, Fury said you haven’t met Rogers in the beginning. This is Steve Rogers.” she said, without a clue about what’s wrong. “We have met Ms. Lewis and I’m sorry. Something else came up and I have to leave this half way.” the blond guy, Steve Rogers,
The last couple of thoughts made him angry and hurt him deeply. He knows he has to confront Tony but, a small part of him was too scared that those last couple of thoughts will become true if Tony says it out loud. He was brought out of his misery by JARVISs’ voice telling him that Tony is requesting access to his floor. He wants to say no. He wants to hide and live in blissful ignorance. But Steve never backed out of a challenge. He told JARVIS to let him in and squared his shoulders for what’s coming.
Aunty Maria would have wanted a lot for her. Sarah and Maria were hand in a glove when they were young. They were friends even after they became Sarah Rogers and Maria Stark. She remembers her time with Aunty Maria. All those tales from her travel with her husband. She also remembers the tales Aunty Maria tells occasionally. About true love, marrying the right one, getting married for love. She remembers Aunt Maria's love story. How she was swept off her feet by Howard. She doesn't remember a lot of Howard Stark. The same goes for Anthony Stark.
She only noticed that they reached when a hand reached out to her. Bucky left to sit as she took the hand. She looked up when the hand gave her a gentle squeeze. “Hi,” whispered a strong voice. “Hi,” she squeaked. They didn’t write down their vows. She heard an ‘I do’ to know that it's her time to say it back. She remembered that dark red stain in her mom’s kerchief and replied. To her surprise, a kiss was placed on the ring they just exchanged and not on her lips. It felt like an unseen benefit. When she turned to face the world ahead of her, she knew what happened and who she was now.
his brain screamed “I mean uh yes- uh dinner is fine” He said, swallowing and rubbing his suddenly sweaty hands on his pants.
On the other end of the room, Rhodey saw Barnes throwing dagger eyes at his Friend. What did he do now? He sighed as he walked up to the guy. “Lieutenant Barnes” he startled the guy out of his thoughts. He turned to him with a questioning look, “Colonel Rhodes” Barnes said, taking a sip out of his drink. “Could be a wonderful ceremony, if it wasn’t a stunt” Barnes sighed, eyes cast somewhere. Rhodey was stunned by the answer for a second. He turned to look at him and realization dawned on him. Leave it to a Stark to fuck it up, he thought to himself. “The marriage is. Your friend is not” he replied. When he gave him a confused look, “It was Obie’s, Tony’s godfather’s idea to get Tony married to someone. I convinced Tony to get married to someone he knew and not some businessman’s spoiled daughter” Rhodes explained, hiding his actual notion behind it.
Tony was working on his Car when his Workshop door opened, turning down his music. “Please don’t turn down my music.,” Tony called out when Pepper walked in. “You are supposed to be halfway around the world right now.” She said.
. Steve knows he has a goofy smile on his face. “You were… going to ask me...out on a date?” Steve asked, hope and happiness coloring his voice.
Nat took a sip from her morning coffee as a new day in Avengers tower began. Bruce was to her left, focussed on a pen and parchment, his tea rapidly cooling. He looked rested. He broke his scientific binge early yesterday. Nat hums as she takes another sip of her coffee. Steve and Bucky enter the kitchen after a while finishing their morning routine. “Good Morning ”, Steve chirped as he fetched some pans from the cupboard. Everyone mumbled their greetings.
“Morning guys”, Tony said as he stood next to Steve, filling his favorite mug with his caffeine dose number unknown. “Hmm, whatcha' cooking cap?”. “Morning Tony, want some pancakes?” asked Steve, plating some. “I’d love it if it comes with coffee and you, Cap,” Tony said, giving a flirty smirk. "All you have to do is wake up before lunch Tones" Steve smirked. Something crossed over Tony's face before he schooled it. "Haha, Cap," he said.
The studio was chaos and people were running around changing, arranging, and setting up the studio to go live. Tony walked in and took his spot on the chair as his favorite intern walked up to him with his mic and a copy of his script. “Mr. Stark, we have a-” “I know Peter, don’t worry. Darce will update me on what’s gonna happen. Won’t you Drace?” He asked his producer on the earpiece.
came a voice through the comms making him smile. “ Well Obviously. Stern tweeted about climate change being a scam now,” he said and reading said tweet
“It’s okay Mr. Stark. I get it”, the blond said, thinly lipped and hurt flashing in his face. Tony felt like he was missing something. “Are you-”, “I’m fine Mr. Stark. Now if you’ll excuse me, I uh have work to do. Thank you” the guy threw a weird fake smile and walked away. He didn’t know why but it felt like he made a big mistake. He shook his head and walked out of the cafeteria.
“Wait, where’s Mr. Brooklyn? I uh mean Rogers?” He asked, turning towards Darcy, who was standing out of the frame. “Ms. Lewis, here are the Script copies you gave me” came the blond guy handing something to Darcy.
He entered the cafeteria to see the blond guy he kissed by mistake at the party last night. He honestly didn’t mean to do that. He was anxious and then hurt that Mr. Brooklyn didn’t show up. He had one too many drinks that got him tipsy. “Hey”, he said, as he stood next to the guy. “Hey Tony-” the blond guy was cut off by his rambling. “ Steve, right? Okay look. Last night, I had too many drinks, I was a little drunk, if you know from… you know. So yeah, It was all hazy and confusing. To be honest, it was a mistake, My mistake-”
He parked his car in his usual spot at the studio as his phone went off. “Yes Pep, I’m outside the studio. Got working on some products for launch next year, had a late night. Now I’m here.” he rambled as he walked in waving at the security guard and reception. “ Hello, Tony. Yes, I know you were up late, and thank god you are at the studio. Fury was nagging me about some new show and you were late to- ``'' It’s a new season Pep and I am here and not late” he said checking his watch.
“Oh yeah, look who’s talking. Mr. ‘I almost quit the job because my boyfriend was confused who I am’,``Bucky mimicked in a funny voice. Steve punched his shoulders, annoyed yet smiling. “Problem here” Nat walked in and leaned on Clint’s Table. “Buck says you cheated in the bet” Clint said, simultaneously getting punched by Bucky.
Now here he is, in the corner of the room , trying to be invisible.  All sorts of bad scenarios ran through his mind and made him anxious. He didn’t want Tony to see him like this. He didn’t know what made Tony ask him out but it sure wasn’t his gangly self. Tony might have asked out thinking he was some big, handsome, guy from Brooklyn. He didn’t want to see disappointment in those eyes when they meet.
“So Sam,” Nat drawled, with a mischievous look. “Bucky said he wanted to talk to you about something. We’ll leave guys to it.” she said, making everyone walk towards their station giggling and smirking. The two were left there alone, tension thick between them.
He chuckled and walked towards the door and into the car. The ride to the chapel was quiet. Her thoughts wandered all around the place. So many what-ifs. Her emotions were a mixture of fear, anger, and dread. Fear about the man and future she is going to meet; anger at the unfair world; dread to leave her home. They reached the chapel in Brooklyn. Bucky opened the car door for her. “You ready?” he sighed, holding out his arm for her as she got out of the car. “It’s probably too late to go to the bathroom, right?” she smirked, trying to lighten up the mood. They stood outside the door. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
In the opposition, Thor took the fort because he's subtle as a brick when it comes to stealth. Steve was to capture the other's base and Clint was to find Bucky. But now Steve sees that Natasha is distracting Clint. Steve is brought out of his thoughts by footsteps and hides in a dark corner. Suddenly he was pushed back into the wall and soft, lush lips were pressed against his in a passionate kiss. Steve's brain short-circuited at that. "Gotcha Cap", he heard a familiar voice and was shot square in his chest.
“Where is my room?” she asked, suppressing her growl. “JARVIS, show Ms. Rogers to her room,” He said to the empty room except her. To her surprise, the room spoke back. “Ms. Rogers, If you walk through the door at your left and take a right turn, the second door is your room,” it said. She gave a startled look at Stark. “Pretty impressive right? It’s my AI. You can ask anything you want, and he will help you. On a side note, if you don’t like your room and feel free to join me for the night.” he said, giving her a coy smile. She glared at him and walked away. She didn’t come out the entire day. She wanted to scream, cry and punch someone. She just resigned herself to lying awake, wallowing in the darkness of her mind.
“No Steve, I kissed you because I like you, and I was trying to ask you out for a while,” Tony said, holding Steve’s face in his hands with a blinding smile now.
He saw an opening and decided to approach Stark. Whatever this is, he needs to protect his sister. "Ah, Lieutenant Barnes… Good to meet you" Stark shook his hand. "Good to meet you too, Mr. Stark," he said, in his lieutenant voice. "Here for a shovel talk?", Stark asked, surprising bucky. "Saw you glaring daggers at me from morning" Stark replied, to Bucky's confusion. "Look Stark, I don't know if this is all" "it is a stunt" Stark cut him off again with a casual tone. “What? “Bucky sneered. "My board thinks I’m too flamboyant. They think that my playboy ways are gonna bring down the company. Honestly, it’s like they don’t even remember how much I juiced up this baby with my advanced missile guidance systems, protective body armors, and individually guided cluster submunition system, advancements in medical technology, Intelli crops to save millions from starvation. All they care about is how I went twelve for 12 last year with Maxim cover models. So here I am making an honest woman out of your…” he continued with a mischievous smile “friend, I hope. If anything, else, I don’t mind as far you two don’t get caught in action by anybody. Good talk” Stark said, as he walked away leaving a seething Bucky. He wanted to punch Stark. But he knew this is not just about his little sister’s life. He resigned himself to curse under his breath and glaring daggers at Stark.
was called Tony. Tony shuffled in a tank top and greasy torn jeans. Tony joining them for breakfast was not weird but he always walked in when everyone had finished their breakfast and leaving for their day. For a month now, Tony joins them earlier. Natasha’s eyes met Bucky’s and she knew they were having the same thought.
“I don’t care”, Clint jumped in, “I won the bet, they kissed, they are an Item. Pay up losers”, he said, holding out his hand. “It’s not just about the bet you idiot” Nat said, smacking Clint, at the back of his head. “And you bet that they would be an item Barton. From what Stevie said, it doesn’t seem like they are an Item now”, Bucky said, only to get smacked in his head by Nat. “Whatever, I’m going to ask Stark,” Clint said, walking towards the elevator.
“Congratulations Mr. Stark. It was a wonderful ceremony” said Sarah, walking up to him. “Thank you, Mrs. Rogers. This wouldn’t have been this wonderful without your presence. As I promised I took care of all your medical expenses. You have nothing to worry about now.”  he shot her a sharp smile. This is… not Anthony Sarah knew. Sarah last saw him as the little boy hiding behind Maria’s legs with wet-rimmed eyes and scraped knuckles. This is Anthony Stark, son of Howard Stark. This is just a spoiled rich boy continuing his dad’s dirty work. Oh, what have I done, Sarah sighed to herself. She can now see what a train wreck this is going to be. She knows how self-righteous and stubborn her daughter is. She thought Anthony would be the man Maria wished his boy would become. But now she can see that he has been made into who he was. He was molded into a Stark.
he said as the Live was about to start. Steve was too stunned to follow up on the cues. Later when Nat and others asked him what happened,
“No I didn’t you guys cheated” bucky grumbled from his seat. They were all moving back to the old Production control room. Steve came back to the office after taking a day off with a slight limp in his steps. Bucky was laughing and teasing him, till Steve reminded him about the bet. Bucky stared at him and started protesting and accusing, generally being a toddler.
“Sarah? I thought her name was Christine.” Tony said with a puzzled look. “No- Wait who’s Christine?” Pepper asked with a confused look. Tony shook his head, realizing the mix-up. “No-uh Nothing, just some blonde reporter-.” “Tony, Please tell me you didn’t Sleep with her. “ Pepper reprimanded him. “I didn’t. It was just a drink-”
A white dress sits on the display behind, as she stares at its reflection in the mirror. It is a simple sheath wedding dress with a jewel neckline and square back.
“And we are going in for a short commercial break-” , Tony’s voice broke through Steve’s voice. He scrolled through his script to see the content for the next part and  groaned as he read content for the Twitter session.
“When was Tony Stark afraid of rejection?” she gave him a teasing smirk, cutting off his thoughts. “I'm not- I don't know” he sighed. "I guess this- he means something to me," he said, staring off at the distance. "Isn't that enough to ask him out? Tony, if being with him means something to you, it is enough reason to fight for it.",  she gave him an encouraging smile. He smiled back  and walked around the table to hug her. "Thanks, Pep".
“Hey what’s Stark doing here?” came another voice, making Bucky stiff in his seat. “Hey sam! Just here to kiss my guy” Tony said, kissing Steve’s cheeks. “Well, glad you guys got your heads outta your asses” he said, high fiving Clint.
the tweet was inspired from this https://mashable.com/article/chris-evans-slams-donald-trump-global-warming-tweet/
“There. all done,” now said her mom, breaking her thoughts. “You look gorgeous, honey,” Sarah said stepping back from her daughter with wet-rimmed eyes. She smiled at her mom’s reflection in the mirror. She did look good. But she knew it was just a cover. A cover to hide their poverty; a cover that hides her mom’s leukemia; a cover to hide her insecure future. She wore her veil over her face hoping it would cover the mix of emotions on her face.
What frustrated him was ‘Rogers from finance’. He tried to be  patient, waiting for Mr. Brooklyn, whose second name was the only other thing Tony knew. ‘
And whatever came on the other side of the line was just white noise to Steph. She couldn’t breathe. She felt like the asthmatic girl stuck in her bed. She wanted to go back home. Just go home and see her mom, take care of her. She felt so helpless sitting in her room here, wallowing. She didn’t even notice the call ends. The phone rang again making her jump out of her reverie. It was Mrs. Barnes this time, who frantically explained her mom’s condition. Steph talked to her and promised to come home tomorrow. She thought about asking Stark for . . . what? To take her back home? Permission to visit her mom? Help? The image of blonde and Stark from yesterday came to her mind. She gritted her teeth and let out a frustrated sigh. She paced in her room as she called one person that she thought would help her other than Stark.
See here’s the thing. A month ago, the production control room had been a wreck after the Halloween party, which was happening on the studio floor next to it. So producers had been temporarily shifted to different floors from the studio floors. His previous season had been done before the whole ordeal. So, Tony had taken a short break after. He was told there would be few changes in the next season but he knew nothing about...
His brain rebooted and he realized what happened. Tony kissed him. Tony kissed him and shot him. "Tony" he started and - "MY EYES'' they heard and jumped apart from each other. Clint had dropped his gun and closed his eyes. Steve flushed and began to sputter when Bucky shot Clint. "Missed your shot, Hawkass" Bucky smirked. “Miss Romanoff captured the team Hawks flag. Team winter won.” JARVISs’ voice cut through them. "Hey, not fair, your teammate cheated!! We need a rematch", Clint demanded and they started to bicker. Tony turned to see Steve walking away.
Tony chuckled, finishing his sentence. This is how it has been for the past month. Finishing each other's sentences; thinking ahead; working as a team.“You ah stealing mah lines mistah Stark, You owe me an appearance in yuh show” he said, chuckling to himself.
He cut her off mid-sentence and walked into his changing room to see his Make up artist and friend Bruce Banner calmly arranging the products on the vanity and Fury pacing and muttering under his breath. “Stark-” “I’m here. I’m here. Less chatty, more working Fury.” He cut him off and took his seat in front of the vanity. “He’ll be ready in 10 mins, Fury” Bruce chuckled and got to work. Fury grumbled and walked out of the room. “You slept on the workbench, didn't you?” Bruce directed a mock glare at him. "Bruciiiee I am hurt. I am hurt that you have such a little faith in me. In our decade-long friendship, have I ever made my Science Bro’s day job tough? Besides, I woke up in bed so clearly I would have gone to bed early” he smirked,
"I know you like to have a loose hairdo," said Sarah, her mom, pinning her hair into a classical bun. "But I want to give you something", she said opening a small velvet box. "Mom, we talked about this-" "It did not cost anything, it's… kind of an heirloom. Maria gave this as my wedding gift. She would have wanted you to have this." Sarah pinned it to her hair with the veil.
She didn’t unpack the boxes. It felt like giving up on something. She didn’t know what she was giving up when she had nothing. Pride maybe? She took necessary items when she needed them and left the rest. She refused, when JARVIS told her about the Stark Phone, Stark book, and a Stark pad, that Tony had left for her. Her days after that went on with her sketch pad and the Californian skyline. She had packed her favorite set of romance and mystery novels, leaving a lot back home. But She couldn’t read. Once a haven, now the romance novels reminded her of what she would never have. She had an urge to continue her newfound passion for writing, which also mocked her helplessness. This gave her a chance to break the spines of a few mystery novels. She had a spark and before she knew she was halfway through her newfound addiction.
“We are calling from Mass General Brooklyn, Your mom Sarah Rogers was brought in last night, with a deteriorating heart rate-”
“He doesn’t even know my actual name Sam. Look at him, he’s the Prince Charming here. I am nobody. What if I, this disappoints him? Huh? What if he thinks I am a mistake?” he babbled, shoulders stiff and cowering.
“JARVIS, what did Tony do after the award ceremony yesterday?” Pepper gave him a pointed glare. “Mr. Stark and Ms. Everhart arrived at 7.00 pm yesterday after the apogee award. Mr. Stark left Ms. Everhart in his master bedroom upstairs and came down to workshop work on the upgrades of-” “Enough JARVIS. See I did not sleep with her. In fact, I didn’t sleep at all. You have truly little faith in me, Ms. Potts.,” He pouted. “Stephanie called me early morning today and told me her mom his hospitalized and had to leave. Helped her with all the travel details. She didn’t tell you ?”  Pepper gave him a questioning look.
“Have a good day, Stark” Sarah walked away, giving a tired sigh. Now, that confused Stark. He didn't know what he did wrong. He got married to the girl and paid for her mom’s medical expenses. He still gets a ‘you are a disappointment Anthony’ sigh. He huffed as he pushed away the voices telling him how true it was and took a sip of his drink. The only good part here is that the girl looked good. Her fashion sense was a bit old-fashioned, but those blue eyes held him. He knew those blue eyes. Those eyes with so much defiance and confidence, sitting in his mom’s parlor and listening to her stupid fairytales. He didn’t know how Pepper found… Sophie? Tiffany?
There was a hint of Purple in Sky during sunsets. Stephanie noticed as she sketched the Californian skyline, watching and studying it through the floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room. Malibu, California. She remembered from somewhere about the futuristic Stark mansion in California, hung above on a cliff, facing the sea. She never thought she would be moving in here.
"We didn't want all the media attention on you guys now. " came a voice behind her. Stephanie turned around to see the strawberry blond Mrs. Barnes was talking about. "I'm Pepper Potts, Mr. Stark's assistant. Congratulations Ms. Rogers or should I say, Mrs. Stark,” said Ms. Potts with a glint in her eyes, breaking her out of the thought again. Mrs. Stark was not Ms. Rogers anymore. She was Mrs. Stark.  It made her stomach feel weird. Don't puke, she said to herself.
gets the wrong picture. He wanted to ask him why he didn’t make it to the party and If he had come, why didn’t he meet him as planned? He had so many questions rolling around his brain. He asked Fury first, just to get a glare and
She remembers Bucky arguing with Sarah about the marriage. She explained it to him later. She remembers Bucky's face. The expression he wears now in the mirror behind her was the same expression when she explained to him. “You could just bail now you know,” Bucky said with a sad smile standing behind her. “You know I can't,” she returned his sad smile. “Promise me. ‘til the end of the line. No matter who you are or what you become after this, I am your brother, and you are my little sister. If he hurts you, no matter how small or big it is, I’ll destroy him.,” He said with a fierce determination in his eyes. “Jeez Buck, Don’t make the guy run over the hill even before he meets me,” she said, crushing the need to hold on to Bucky.
He didn’t know why but the look Pepper gave him felt like pity. But why would she pity him? It’s not his actual wife left. It’s just a stunt. They barely talked. Maybe because Stephanie left earlier than thought or should it be late than others, a mocking voice asked him. It is no wonder she left; everyone leaves eventually. Her mom already gave him a disappointed look at the ceremony, and it looked like Sargent Barnes didn’t like either. They convinced her to leave him.
Sarah watched her daughter go and knew what’s going through her mind. This is not what she wanted. This is not what either of them wanted. She remembers the way Stephanie agreed to this without a second thought. She knows why she agreed to this. It was that phone call. She wouldn't have agreed to this if it were someone else. He looked sharp in the suit, but Sarah could see the stiffness in those shoulders. How does she know? Mothers ‘instincts.
“Is it a good representation of his spring period?” he asked. “No. The Springs was the neighborhood in East Hampton where he lived and worked,- not "spring" like the season.”
came a mumble on his earpiece, which made him break out in a real smile as he removed his mic at the end of the show.
Steph woke up to her phone buzzing. She squinted at her phone, which showed 6:30 in the morning and missed calls from Mrs. Barnes and an unknown number. She was about to call one of them back when her phone started buzzing again. It was the unknown number this time. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she answered the call.
“That’s great Tony. You could just ask him to be your date for the party this year.” Pepper said, with a reassuring smile. “ Pep it's not- wait what party?" he asked her. "The Christmas party Tony. The party in your office that happens every year on Christmas eve” she tells in a blank voice. “Whatever, I cannot ask him out.”  “Tony” Pepper retorted.
“Mmm, you could but you wouldn’t” she smirked. “Rude” he pouted at her. She chuckled and continued reading the agenda for the meeting in an hour. Tony pouted at her for a few minutes when something…
he groaned as he looked up to Nat, giving him a wicked smile. “This was your plan all along wasn’t it” Steve whined and walked towards the lift. “If it was my plan, only a part of it worked out which is, Stark flirted with Steve,” she said to Bucky as they followed him.
“Wha—?” Tony spluttered, because that didn’t make sense, he needed coffee, he'd die without coffee. Only he didn’t get to tell Steve that because Steve fucking smiled.
“I’ve had enough. My bodyguard has already called the cops, I suggest you get out of here before they show.”
By some miracle, the machine was already on and someone pushed a mug filled to the brim with piping hot bliss into Tony’s hands, just as well because he might have tried to drink it direct from the pot otherwise. He grunted his thanks and started pouring the stuff down his throat. It was gone all too soon, causing Tony to whine sadly. Accompanied by a soft chuckling sound, gentle hands held the mug steady in Tony's grip and refilled it. Tony sighed in relief before his brain caught up to what was going on.
“We’ll call a Code Green if we need you. Any questions?” Steve looked around at the rest of the table, forcing himself not to linger on Tony. “Suit up!”
Swallowing nervously and probably blushing from head to toe, Steve settled on the couch next to Tony. It was only the unhealthy pallor of Tony’s skin that gave Steve the courage to slide closer so that their skin was touching, which was when Steve noticed the slight logistical problem to his plan. He’d been so flustered that he completely forgot that Tony’s clothes would need to come off too.
Bruce frowned and fiddled with his glasses. “Imagine if it was something that no one had ever seen before, we’d have no idea if he was even a real creature, not to mention what kind of diet and behavior to expect. As it is, we are only running on the theories of paleobiologists.”
Once Bruce would have shook that hand and been happy to be on civil terms, but that wouldn’t be enough, not with Tony, the first person to be a true friend to him after—Anyway, Tony deserved more than a handshake and a hastily taped together friendship.
Steve felt the biting cold even through his uniform. He shivered and tried to hold on to Tony despite how the cold seemed to radiate off the armor. Untethered from reality, Steve found it hard to remember why he clung to something so cold while chills wracked his body and his breath came in heavy pants. He was burning from the inside out and so, so cold.
Small red flowers dotted ends of the plant where the branches bent towards Steve. It was a good sign, it had to be, Steve thought as he brushed the tiny blossoms with his finger.
Steve pulled himself over the side of the raft and settled next to Tony, getting him only a little wet. He grabbed Tony’s hand and held it close.
“There was something Witchfire said before we handed her over,” Steve said, ripping off his glove and reaching over to where Tony was sitting. “I have an idea of what might help.”
In lieu of an answer, Tony began taking them off himself. Steve helped, sliding them down Tony’s legs with ease. Once Tony was down to his underwear, Steve settled him in his lap.
“I haven’t seen him either, but that’s not a surprise.” Bruce said as he investigated the remaining mug of coffee with dull eyes. Steve wondered if he’d gotten any sleep. “He’s been really busy with his latest projects. The R&D have been sending him a ton of projects for review.”
Tony huffed and took shelter in Steve’s lap; he was just the right size if he curled his tail around his feet. Steve picked up the stroking again, this time covering a lot more area. Relaxing into it, Tony started producing a soft chirring noise.
“Come on, you can’t tell me you haven’t noticed how he looks at you. You’re in the room and it’s like no one else is there. And don’t think I haven’t noticed you watching him right back. I thought it was a rivalry thing, but now...”
Tony built a life out on this lake that Steve never had a chance to touch. Or, thinking of that invitation to lunch, maybe Steve did have the chance, he was just too—something to take it. All those years, spent thinking both of them had moved on, when it couldn’t be further from the truth.
“Why are you giggling? This is a lifesaving procedure here!” Tony said as he snuggled closer to Steve.
A nose appears slowly from beneath the carapace, followed by a head and a neck. Four limbs emerge from the sides and search for nonexistent footing. The turtle looks down at his front feet with a quizzical tilt to his head.
Tony looked up and down Steve's body. The tight white shirt wasn't an uncommon sight on Steve, but the blue suspenders and red flame-retardant pants were. The matching red jacket with white and blue stripes slung over Steve's shoulder completed the patriotic firefighter look.
“What do you want with him?” Steve asked. The man smirked again. Steve was already beginning to hate that smirk.
“Spectacular,” Tony mumbled to himself, rubbing his forehead where a headache was beginning to bloom. He supposed if he was up, he was up. “Get the coffee started in the lab, then.”
Kray motioned to the man, directing his next words to Tony. “I don’t like to get my hands dirty, myself,” Kray said, smiling. “But Blade, here-- well, you can probably guess that he likes his knives.”
“I’m not stupid, okay? I can see how I’m carrying on isn’t healthy,” Tony took a deep breath. He couldn’t believe they were really gonna get into this right now. “I’m-- nothing has been the same since New York.” Steve’s frown deepened, but he didn’t try to interject.
It inevitably got very heated, very quickly, since Tony wasn’t one to deny himself and Steve was reacting so eagerly. But when Tony’s hand on Steve’s ass brought their hips stuttering against one another, they broke apart to pant against each other’s mouths. Steve swallowed and Tony followed the motion with his eyes.
“It’s just recently that I found a few of his things in some of the storage lockers he had records of.  There wasn’t anything of real significance, not anymore anyway.  But I don’t know.  It was strange, having him in my thoughts again.  Honestly, I haven’t thought about him much since the whole Vanko thing years ago,” Tony shrugged.  “It was weird not telling you about it.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but swept his arm out for Steve to lead the way. Steve smiled at the small victory and started the climb up. As they got closer to the surface, Steve felt like the surroundings were looking more and more familiar, until they burst outside into a gunfight and Steve realized why.
Blade didn’t hesitate to plunge the knife into Steve’s stomach. The impact made him gasp, but even as the blade was pulled out, the bleeding was slowing down. Within a few hours, it would be completely healed. Steve felt sweat begin to prickle at his hairline.
After he’d eaten and was able to slip away from his teammates, who were a little clingy at the moment (not that Steve could blame them), he fell into his bed and was nearly asleep the moment his head hit the pillow. His last thought that he could remember was that he needed to talk to Tony tomorrow...
“Well, then. I’ll just have to keep you in check,” Steve said around a smile. “Or maybe I don’t want your restraint...” He bit his bottom lip, and Tony wanted to kiss him so badly.
Tony didn’t react, but Steve could see his jaw working, like he was biting back one of his usual sarcastic responses. It bothered Steve how much Tony was in denial about this. He’d never met anyone that acted so narcissistic on the outside and yet had so little concern for his own wellbeing.
“Still out,” the man in front said. His voice sounded familiar, and Steve realized it was the low, rough voice of the man who had shot the dart in Steve’s neck. He felt his blood begin to boil.
He looked over at Tony in the other cell. He sat leaning against the wall, the back of his head tilted up toward the ceiling, looking for something-- probably cameras or microphones. Steve moved closer to the bars.
Tony was never up this early. Steve checked his watch again to make sure. Yep, six-thirty three. He grabbed the crossword and took one more sip of his coffee, before pouring a fresh cup and heading down to the workshop.
Steve sighed and leaned one elbow on the desk so he could look Tony in the eyes better. He gently took ahold of Tony’s hand covering his face and pulled it away but didn’t let it go. Tony looked at him with an exhausted expression, but his thumb dragged across Steve’s knuckles soothingly.
Tony raised his eyebrows. “For my migraine or for my new accomodations,” Tony said. “Gotta say, not very accomodating.” The boss laughed, but in his eyes was not amusement.
Blade, as he was apparently called, grinned and moved to trail his knife almost delicately across Steve’s chest. But even the barely-there pressure caused a thin trail of blood to well-up in the knife’s path. Whether they realized it or not, it was actually less painful for Steve if the knife was well sharpened. Better than a dull blade would’ve been. He wouldn’t be telling them that, though.
“Captain! I regret that it took us so long to find you. You look in good health despite the-” Thor took in Steve’s shirtless and barefoot self, “-lack of suitable protection.”
The whole interaction had been so fast that Steve had had to lay groggily on the ground until the sedative wore off enough for him to get closer to where Tony kneeled watching him. Steve had wrapped his hand around where Tony’s clutched the bar, knuckles white with the force of his grip.
“And you definitely wouldn’t be here if I would just give up this stupid dream that I could make up for my past mistakes,” Tony shook his head to himself. “First, I drag Pepper into my messes. Now, you. And I can’t keep doing this. It’s never gonna stop, and there will always be someone else who wants...the suit, the technology, the weapons-- I thought I’d escaped this part of me, Steve. But I never will. Weapons are all people wants from me. I haven’t changed my legacy in anyone’s eyes.”
"You, Tony, are incapable of sitting on the sidelines. No matter how many mistakes you think you've made, you keep fighting because you can't stand the idea of watching the world lose when you could've done something to help. I know you, Tony Stark. And you might've even gone through with whatever plan you have, and resigned as an Avenger for a month or a year. Who knows? But as soon as anything happened to Natasha or to Bruce or to me or to any of us, yourself would be the first person you would blame, no matter how illogical."
“Tony, breathe!” Steve’s hand was clamped around his bicep, and it brought him back down to Earth. He heaved in lungfuls of air, his body shaking from the remnants of the dream. “Tony...” Steve’s worried tone registered in his mind, and he turned onto his back, Steve’s hand coming to rub Tony’s chest soothingly.
Steve knew every night wouldn’t be like this. There would be times they fought and times they were so exhausted they barely spoke a word before falling into bed. There would be days that they couldn’t stand to be around one another, frustrated with the other’s stubbornness. There would be nights when they were apart because one of them was in the hospital, due to their dangerous occupation. And there would be nights neither of them slept in their bed because of that same occupation. There would be nights when one or the other of them would wake up on choked screams, shaking and sweating. But they would do it together.
“Listen to me, Tony.  I’m not really sure where all this came from, and I’m a little concerned that you didn’t speak a word about it to me before this happened, but you’re better than Howard ever was; a better person, a better engineer, a better husband...” Steve grinned at Tony, and Tony just rolled his eyes again.  “...and one day, you’re gonna be a better father too.  I love you.  And there’s no way I could do any of this without you; this job, this life, this team.  None of it.  So whatever this is that’s been bothering you about Howard, talk to me.  Because this can’t happen again.”
“Uh, I was very mad at you, actually,” Tony insisted. “Are you telling me you were pulling my pigtails like a schoolboy with a crush?” Steve didn’t say anything, but he bit his lip around a smile, trying not to laugh. “Oh my god, Steve.”
Tony stepped through the gap and winked at Steve. “Thank you, Captain,” he said, patting Steve’s chest before taking off down the hallway.
He took one last glance around at his shop, still littered with the evidence of his failed test run, and decided maybe it was time to brave the nightmares again.
“Exactly,” Steve says, making Tony look over at him sharply. “Without you, it could potentially be an instrument of destruction. But with you...Tony, with you, all I see is creation and- and innovation. All I see is a man who- despite having been the target of countless enemies and far less than honorable intentions- chose the path to fix his mistakes.” Steve watched Tony take in his words.
Steve sat there for a beat, waiting for Tony to say anything else, but he was done. Steve’s blood was boiling.
