“My sweet boy,” the alpha crooned, moving one hand to hold the front of Dean’s throat, which rose and fell as he swallowed. “So good for me.”
Finally, Rami allowed himself to feel something, and it was fear. “This can’t happen,” he said, his terror palpable. “Angels consider Nephilim to be abominations! When they come into their full power, they’re capable of destroying whole worlds with just a thought!”
“We can always hope.” Castiel’s phone buzzed. “Check that for me?” he asked, gesturing with the spatula.
“I… I don’t know,” said Dean as Bast. His eyes would be normal again by that line. “I just… felt something rising up and… poof.”
“I know this can be overwhelming,” said Crowley. “If you ever need someone to talk to, who knows what you’re going through, you can come to me. As a doctor,” here, he popped the top button of his shirt, showing a glimpse of a black leather collar fastened with a gold lock underneath, “and as someone with firsthand experience, the least I can do is listen.”
“Come on, put some force behind it,” Cas said, then blew a gust of cold air against the puckered hole. Dean jerked and shrieked, but cut it off quick. These walls were probably very thin. “It’s only one finger.” He blew on him again.
“I liked it,” said Cas, getting up and taking the bottles from Dean so he wouldn’t have to carry them in one hand. “It came highly recommended and I can see why.” He paused. “Do you have Pride and Prejudice?”
Making a monumental effort to not make a Zorro joke, Dean and Cas donned a couple of simple black domino masks to give them plausible deniability on their identities in order to dance together in public. They hadn’t quite decided when and how they wanted to reveal their relationship to their fans and since plenty of people from the Hell’s Gate side of the club were also wearing masks, they fit right in.
“Shit!” Sam exclaimed, his voice muffled as he covered his nose and mouth with one hand. “Dad, we have to get out!”
Where the hell had this come from? He pried at Castiel’s hand but couldn’t budge even a finger. “Where are you taking me?”
They resumed work on the rest of the scene after the much-needed break. Filming the birthing scene had been pretty intense for everyone involved, even though there hadn’t been an actual pup. And now, there
He shook his head, bewildered. “I don’t… know what came over me. I never…” He cleared his throat. “Excuse me, I need to go and apologize.”
The tube had been spring-loaded, releasing some kind of aerosol directly into Dean’s face the moment he opened it. Immediately, he was bent over and coughing, a lot of it had gotten in his mouth.
Castiel’s arms came around his abdomen, stroking and caressing as much for Dean as for himself, seeking out the movements of the pups as they jostled each other, settling back down after their mama’s sudden activity.
He pulled Cas over to the van and sat them down on the edge of the mattress, resting their hands on his thigh. Dean took a deep breath. “Cas, you know how much I love you,” he began, wishing he’d practiced this. “You know that I think you’re amazing and brilliant and talented. I love that you’re not like anyone else I’ve ever met. I love that you’re a little crazy and a total perv and you hide it all behind those gorgeous blue eyes so no one else knows. I love how you challenge me and push my limits. There’s never gonna be anyone else for me. You’re it. I want to know—” he swallowed thickly, “—if you would make me the luckiest guy in the world and mate me tonight.”
Dean’s back arched up from the bed as he came, covering his stomach with another flood of come. The demon followed right after as the wave of life energy filled him with pleasure, pumping thick jets of seed deep inside Dean’s ass. It leaked out around his huge cock almost immediately, Dean was so crammed with come, and still, Cas kept going.
“Well, I guess I was hoping that… if he ends things with Pieman, I could still be friends with him as Dean. But then today, I told him we should meet, so that idea’s out the window. Maybe he’ll like me enough as both to forgive me?”
“Mmm…” he hummed. What could it be? Was someone in another apartment baking something? Why was he smelling it so strongly? Like it was right next to him…
“I’ll be fine,” he assured him. “Face took the worst of it. Falling down was mostly an act so it would look bad.” He looked off in the direction the car had gone. “Do you think she’ll delete the videos?”
He hurried into the kitchen, which was a mess, but in the center of the island, there it was. A big, beautiful pecan pie. Dean started tearing up, just looking at it.
The line was actually ‘I need your skills’ but still, Zeddmore kept rolling. Castiel was listening to Dean’s advice about improvising.
With a sad smile, the recording came to an end. They sat there, side by side, without speaking for a long moment, each of them too shocked to respond. Bast gawped like a fish, searching for words, but none came.
The table-read for season four started off with a meeting with Lee Webb. “We have a hit on our hands, people,” he said, addressing everyone in the room, cast and crew alike. “So now, we have a responsibility to make this season even better compared to the one before. I want everyone to strive for perfection and deliver their best work for broadcast. And you should all be on your best behavior, no exceptions. With such popularity, the spotlight on us is very bright. I don’t want to hear any nasty rumors or see any salacious headlines. One bad apple can spoil things for everyone, so I don’t mind throwing out the one to save the rest of the barrel, if you get my meaning.” He smiled. “But I don’t think I’ll be getting any trouble from this group. You all seem to get along pretty well, from what I’ve been hearing.”
Whatever the reason, because he had such a broad appeal to all genders alike, Dean had secured the leading spot on the ‘Top Ten Sexiest Men in Hollywood’ list for two years in a row. He’d modeled extensively throughout his childhood, had a few brief stints on soap operas and teen dramas, and been in a few low-budget films in the recent past, but his fame had really taken off since the debut of
“Wow,” said Sam, looking down at the completely blissed-out omega, genuinely impressed. “He… really is beautiful.” He shook his head, like it was something he never thought he’d say about his own brother. “You really must be something special. I never would have believed that Dean would do this for anyone.”
“It is,” said Dr Rowena, peeping her head up above the sheet. “It’s all good news, boys. You’ve got two lovely little pups. A bit underweight, as expected, but not too much. They might have a little trouble regulating their temperature, but as long as they’re kept nice and snug, they shouldn’t have a problem.” She tilted her head at Cas. “Did dad want to cut the cords before we hand them over?”
He wanted to tell him not to apologize because it only made him feel more miserable, but instead of gently pushing him away as he expected, Castiel’s grip suddenly tightened on the back of Dean’s head and he thrust forward, shoving almost all the way inside his mouth. Thankfully, omegas had very little gag reflex and he was able to take it, but his eyes bulged in surprise. Putting his hands on the alpha’s thighs, he tried to push away, but from the position he was in, he was totally at the other man’s mercy.
“Really, Dean?” Castiel turned him around, holding him up against his chest and dragging the omega over to look in the mirror above the sink. He held Dean’s chin in one unyielding hand. Seeing their faces side by side made him feel even worse. “Do you see your face? Look. See how beautiful you are? Anyone who sees you will want to do bad things to you. They’ll want to see what you look like when you’re absolutely wrecked. I know because I feel the same way.”
Adler was now thanking several members of the museum’s staff for their work on the night’s event.  He called off the name ‘Gabriel Novak,’ and Sam smiled when Gabe bounced out of his chair and waved brightly at the surrounding partygoers.  Gabriel made a small little bow and then a ridiculous curtsey before taking his seat once more. Sam didn’t miss the glare that Zachariah shot at his assistant curator.  No love lost there.
Dean’s breath caught at the admission.  Before he could respond, Cas was moving. Suddenly,telling Cas how he felt took a backseat to the fact that he was arching beneath the angel as intense pleasure wracked his body. Holy
The tall, balding man began to fiddle with the mounted microphone on the podium seemingly unaware that most of the guests were watching him, waiting for the main portion of the evening to begin.  He tried to recall everything he had learned about Adler in the past month. Ever since the museum employee had popped up on their radar with his slightly shady email correspondence, Sam had been trying to commit every detail about the man to memory.  He knew that Adler was unmarried, and seemed to make much more money than was normal for a person with his position. He had multiple gambling debts and a flashy European car parked in his driveway. There was also something about the man’s face that made Sam’s stomach roll, but he couldn’t quite say what it was.
Sue him—he liked looking at Cas. Who wouldn’t?  That bed head, the broad shoulders and corded forearms.  Those damn
“Yes sir,” Dean gave his uncle a sarcastic little salute before clapping him on the shoulder and heading out the door.
“Sure thing.”  Dean clapped his hands together, ignoring Sam’s glare at the loud sound and closed his eyes. “Oh Castiel, Angel of Thursdays and Trench coats. Get your flap on, and come down here.  Sammy and I need some help and you’re our Number One Draft Pick out of the God Squad.”
‘What a dick,’ Sam thought.  Maybe he had been spoiled working for Bobby Singer all of these years, but the man was a class act.  He would always give credit where it was due. Bobby would never issue a blanket statement to thank them for a job well done.  Adler obviously wasn’t that kind of guy.
!  The full, pink lips looked so plush and inviting—better than anything Dean’s imagination has conjured. He had a strong jaw with a hint of stubble, and Dean wondered how it would feel against his own skin.
“Balls,” Bobby groaned. He looked up at the kitchen clock which was always set ten minutes early and said, “Dr Novak is open for another hour.”
Charlie and Jo were both half out of their seats and he tried to get them to stand down without calling attention to himself.  “Ladies,” Boyle’s voice came through the microphone. He was smiling at Charlie, but his gun was pointed directly at Jo’s head, as she was standing closer to the stage.  “Let’s not be hasty.” He waved his gun a little. “Please take a seat for now. I’d hate to have to kill two such lovely girls as yourselves.”
A few things in this fic are inspired by that episode where Mark and his lackeys take over a private bank and are outwitted by Michael Westen who makes it seem as though they’re just having bad luck.  It’s one of my fave episodes of that show.
He could see what was coming down the pike, and as much as his brother, Sam, would tease him about being a ‘man whore,’ Dean knew there were more important things than getting laid. Preparing for the inevitable, he had a feeling that in the coming months, there wouldn’t be much
“I was expelled from The Empty with several others when the rift that Gabriel made upon his return wasn’t closed by the entity fast enough.”
The crowd cheered again and Bartholomew’s smile grew.  “I am delighted to be here with you this evening! I know that we all want to ring in the New Year with a bang, am I right?”  The applause was overwhelming.  Sam watched as Boyle basked in the adoration for a moment.
“Aww,” Dean chuckled and scratched Rum behind the ears. “You’re gonna have the Cone of Shame, Buddy.”
Dean had never considered breeding kink before, but since getting him knocked up was part of the bonding, he went with it. “Fuck yes, Cas!  I want it.”
The guy turned and hurried into the elevator. As the doors slid shut, Dean allowed himself one last glance at those perfect blue eyes. It wasn’t until he was in the car and halfway to Bobby’s before he realized that Hottie McBlueEyes had implied that he was concerned for Dean’s safety. That was excellent news, despite their meeting. Hopefully that meant that he hadn’t blown it. First impressions were everything, and Dean
That was remarkably coherent for an alpha that looked as blissed out as Cas did, but the faster and harder Dean moved, the louder Castiel’s moans and litany of praise and filth-bordering-on-poetic became. Dean tried to hold off for as long as he could, but the rise of his orgasm was inexorable, tearing out of him with a sharp cry while he held himself buried deep inside of Cas.
“You’re a better man than I, putting him in rehab,” Sam said at the end of the recounting. “I would have dumped him at a half-way house and never looked back.”
Mike and Luce co-owned a popular LA club called The Gates and had offered to play host to their little family get-together during their rocking New Year’s party. It was actually two clubs, back-to-back, and they competed nightly to see who had the most guests and who made the most money. It was a popular spot even on non-holidays and sure to be packed according to the advance ticket sales.
“Very good, beloved,” he praised, smiling down at Dean. “As your reward, I want you to think about what you just read while I fuck your mouth and come.”
“Fancy seeing you here,” said Dean, filling the glass with ice and setting it down on the bar. “I was wondering when you’d be in to try the latest special.”
“They did change,” said Dean. “They got stronger. I wanted to give you time to think… but I couldn’t stay away. At first, I thought if you didn’t want more from Pieman, you might be willing to stay friends with Dean, but that was before I decided that you deserved to know the truth no matter what happened. Was that wrong? Should I have left you alone?”
He helped Dean rise from his cushion and sit down across his lap. Cas caressed the omega’s large belly and kissed it twice. Only a couple of months left. Every time Dean thought about the impending birth, a punch of adrenaline would hit him, it was so exciting.
Sam rolled his eyes and gave up, but tapped his watch before going back to work on pie dough. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what he meant. The longer this went on, the harder it would be to explain. Dean couldn’t deny that his brother had a point. A big one. And not the one on top of his head.
good. His touch light and inexperienced, his breath coming fast between kisses, it was probably the most intense encounter of Dean’s life. And possibly Castiel’s, but he didn’t want to assume.
I don’t want you to think that my opinion of you hangs on your looks. It doesn’t. I have nothing but respect for you too. I just want us both to want the same thing. I’m not sure if I’ve ever wanted something more.
Squinting, he added something that sounded more off-the-cuff, as if he’d just realized, “In a sense, we had both been searching for something vital, a spark of something
He rolled Dean onto his back and quickly removed his shoes, jeans, and underwear. The omega was falling in and out of consciousness, unable to make even a token protest as he was stripped totally naked.
“It had Gordon Ramsay as the guest. I figured if anyone would know how to counteract spicy food, it would be him. He used lemon and lime juice. So, I thought, lemon cheesecake. Then I could use your suggestion of whipped cream on top.”
“I’m not going to do anything cruel to you,” Castiel pledged. “But if things carry on the way they are, you’ll be ostracized from every club the college has until none will have you and you could even end up being expelled if the violence continues to escalate. If nothing else, you should want to avoid that. You think you’ll be able to transfer somewhere else with such a record on file? And what about your future? Considering your academic focus, your behavior now can have an effect on that.”
Dean sat up. Castiel’s expression was carefully neutral, but his eyes were dull as he said it. There was an echo of the same sentiment within Dean. He was talking about their day coming to an end. Only…
“There you go, my sweet boy,” his alpha crooned, his voice coming from farther away than before. “You’re so good, so perfect for me. Enjoy it.”
Cas had wedged his thigh between Dean’s legs, rubbing it up against his sensitive areas until he melted, his head falling back to rest against the board.
“I’ll be placed somewhere high up, likely one of their CEO positions, which means I’ll be very much in the public eye like everyone in my family. It’s only because I’m the youngest that I was allowed to go to what they consider a ‘nothing’ college. The degree is a formality, but one I insisted on so that I could get some actual real-world experience with real people.” He took Dean’s hands, pulling them into his lap and squeezing them tight. “If… you still consent to be courted by me, then you would be pulled into that world, too. I know you grew up very differently, so I had to dress you up and show you off the way you would be as my mate. But although I am very much invested in our relationship dynamic as your daddy, this—” He held open Dean’s arms. “This is just window dressing. You look beautiful and I love seeing you all pretty for me, I’m ecstatic that you like how it makes you feel, but I didn’t want you to think there was anything lacking about you, or that you had to change for me to accept you. It’s just that there would be certain expectations for both of us. From my family, the company, and society.”
“No, I’m sorry,” said Bast, grimacing as he sat up, allowing them both a little space to talk. Rami still kept an arm around Bast’s back until he was completely sure he was steady. “We shouldn’t ever have gone. It was all for nothing.”
His eyes darkened as Cas chuckled, the tail end of it turning into a growl. “Yeah?” he said, running his hands up along Dean’s torso, teasing his sensitive nipples as he did so. “Are you my slutty little omega fuck-hole? Just dying to be pumped full of my come until I get you nice and round with my pups?”
He switched to a grinding motion, massaging Dean’s prostate. That, combined with the naughty prospect of coming in his panties, had him teetering on the edge.
Gabriel bore her up on the opposite side. “I’ll help,” he said, going with them away from the crowd.
“I know the kind of crap you pull on set, Crowley,” Zeddmore warned. “You’d better not try anything around me.” He walked away, muttering, “At least Winchester and Novak are real professionals.”
. Dean had a few choices here. He could be evasive. He could shut up. Or he could nut up. Hand shaking, he tapped five keys.
He tried to keep up the smile for exactly two more seconds before letting his head sink. “I’m really sorry,” he said, sincerely. “Not just for this, for…
Dean’s heart sank. He had a family. Of course he did. “Well, you’re not the first guy to come here to escape his wife for a while,” he said, trying to sound nonchalant.
That got Dean’s attention. Opening his eyes a crack, he pushed himself up. There were carpet indentations on his cheek. “Wha?” He looked around. “Where am I?”
A shuffling on the other side of the door, the sound of a lock turning, and it opened… revealing Castiel in a burgundy bathrobe, bare at the neck, with flannel pant legs sticking out the bottom. He was clutching a bag of frozen peas to his head and just one eye was visible, only half open as he blearily peered at him. The poor man looked like everything hurt. And Dean immediately found himself in the unique predicament of feeling turned on and protective at the same time.
“I was informed by a Mr Sam Winchester that you’d like to break your contract with us. You currently hold a few advertising deals as well as the rest of
Aaron, his roommate, looked up from his laptop. “Oh, hey, Dean,” he said like nothing was wrong. “Alfie had your things moved to the West building, room 301.”
Pythius was supposed to get the upper hand at the end of the fight, tagging Bast on the shoulder with his blade in the process. Dean’s personal uneasiness with Crowley worked to his advantage as they filmed that bit. There was an element of honest fear in his expressions. For his part, Crowley seemed to be enjoying it a little too much, but it also worked for the character.
“Um, I—uh… I really think I should head home, after all,” he said, back to fidgeting anxiously. “I’ll take a rain check on that drink.”
Gabriel helped them sneak into Heaven by masking their presence and distracting Michael with the whole ‘hey, I’m not dead’ thing. With many close calls, they managed to get the sword. The weapon was not one made of grace, like Ramiel’s, but rather a physical thing that God had made himself and given to his first son. It seemed like a victory as the three of them made it back to Earth unscathed, but when Rami took the sword from Bast, nothing happened.
A timer dinged and as Dean spun toward it, he caught sight of the table practically ready to collapse under the weight of a plethora of elaborate cakes. When he finally focused on the noise, however, he was beyond pissed to discover that
The odd part about his new ‘relationship’ with Cas, was that neither of them brought up using video calling. Dean wasn’t sure of Castiel’s motivation, but for him it was the simple fact that he wanted the first time he saw Cas’ face to be in person. He just
His ass was screaming, but at the same time, Dean was wishing for more. Above him, Cas was still, his arms braced against the mattress next to Dean’s head.  The cock inside of his virgin hole seemed to be pulsing in time with Dean’s heart. It was so strange, yet comforting. As though he and Cas were finally,
Boyle walked confidently up to the stage and worked his way to Adler’s side.  The two men shook hands and said something that the microphone didn’t pick up.  Zachariah stepped a few feet away and smiled as Boyle took his place at the podium.  “Thank you all so much for joining us tonight!”
Dean gaped as he stepped inside. “You’re not real, are you, Cas?  There’s no way someone is this perfect.”
“I simply healed you enough that you wouldn’t feel intense pain, but that you would still know that I’d taken you.”  Cas shrugged. “I also sealed my release inside of you so as to make sure you fall pregnant with my nephil.”
With those thoughts in his mind, Dean rocked his hips, moving the way that his body demanded. He was bouncing in Cas’ lap as his angel sucked into the flesh of Dean’s neck, leaving dark bruises. Oh, fucking hell, it felt so good.
When Dean saw Castiel for the third time it was two days after Rum had gone home.  He was in the lobby of the apartment building getting his mail. There were signs tacked all over the walls encouraging residents to maintain a six foot distance from one another, but Dean wasn’t paying them any mind since he was the only person there.
One of Cas’ hands was on Dean’s back, bracing him, while the other reached between their bodies and began to stroke Dean’s hard, leaking cock. He wasn’t going to last much longer.
“I thought we’d established that breaking curfew isn’t allowed,” he said, his voice like a physical caress on Dean’s brain. “I was so hoping you would listen to me.” The alpha tilted his head and the red in his eyes flared hotter. “Or perhaps… you wanted to be punished again?”
“Ahhhh!” he flailed, but the arms only drew him closer, more rigid than iron, Dean couldn’t break free. “What the hell? Who the fuck are you and how did you get in my place?”
“Damn, is that a Fitbit?” said Dean, picking up one of the many boxes. “I didn’t even know we had them as a sponsor.” He picked up a long tube-shaped container and started opening it to see what was inside since it didn’t have a brand on it. “Sam, do I have anything scheduled during hiatus once my heat is over? Or do you typically wait until—”
“Calm down,” said Ramiel, his brief moment of dread having passed. “I can exorcise it out of you.” He began to reach for Bast’s shoulder, then hesitated.
the trouble I’ve caused. I’m always causing you problems and that’s screwed up. I’m supposed to take care of
“Yes, but you taught me so much last time. It made such a big impact on my work over the past six months because I wanted to get on your level.”
“Wait,” said Castiel, also standing. He picked up the pie box, closing the lid as he did so. “Take this with you.”
Dean was grateful for their position so he wouldn’t have to look the alpha in the face. His voice was very quiet when he spoke again. “Our mom died in a house fire. I was real little. Sammy was just a baby. Dad handed him to me and told me to run outside while he tried to get to her. Firefighters pulled him out… she was gone.”
Cas and Sam took their seats while Dean knelt at Castiel’s side on a cushion, smoothing the full skirt of his sexy little black dress over his thighs as he did so. Gabe scowled at the matching cushion on the other side of the table with a hand on his hip.
Cas dutifully grabbed the bottle and squeezed some into Dean’s palm. He rubbed them together, warming it up, before reaching around. Cas gasped when the first finger touched his hole, just circling and rubbing over it, getting him used to the sensation. He breathed out slowly, eyes shut, his shoulders lowering slightly as Dean worked the tip inside to the first knuckle. Castiel’s tight ring of muscle clenched a few times as he became accustomed to the intrusion. Dean watched his brows furrow together as it slowly relaxed.
“Dean did more than that,” Gabriel piped up. “His whole concern was on Kelly and calming her down. He treated her like a human being, asked her name, reassured her, he even offered to take any punishment she might incur by sitting on furniture. It was probably the only kindness she’d been shown in ages. When we came to get you, he had no thought for himself, he didn’t care at all what everyone would think. And then, even though he was frantic about Castiel, he told
Dean’s pupils contracted sharply as he came back to himself suddenly. He released Castiel’s hand with a gasp. “Oh…” he breathed, his focus narrowed to the line of bright red blood. He couldn’t believe he’d done that. “I’m… I’m so sorry,” he said, lamely. In his shame, he couldn’t look at the alpha. Whimpering, he tried to curl in on himself tighter, wishing he could shrink until he formed a black hole. For all that he’d been seconds from coming moments before, he was so far from it now. His dick hung limp between his legs like a sad puppy’s tail. “I didn’t mean to,” fell from his lips over and over. He was inches from crying, from utterly falling apart, and it was so unlike him, he didn’t feel like himself anymore. He was shattering into pieces. “I didn’t mean to, I didn’t…”
Cas was wearing a snazzy charcoal suit with a tie that matched Dean’s dress. The ‘coal’ reference hadn’t been lost on him. Cas, apparently, loved the holidays, probably because of his large family, and Dean thought that was kind of adorable. It made him look forward to the years ahead with their own pups and how much they would be doted on by their daddy, all sitting around the Christmas tree together. The fantasy had a warm glow in his mind and brought a smile to his face, despite his nerves.
“Then I’m going to teach you how to blow me. You know what it’s like to receive, so you should have good instincts, but I’ll guide you. Take me out of my pants.”
All he did was smile in response, the handsome bastard. As he reached into his coat pocket, he casually remarked, “You know, your freckles disappear when you blush.”
“Not much,” said Dean with a little shrug. He came forward and offered Cas the key. “I just wanted to use it once, before I had to give it back.”
Castiel chuckled, darkly. “Yes, you do.” Dean shivered as Cas ran his hands down his back. “Like having sex in a kitchen while you’re feeding me the best chocolate chip cookies ever.”
, Bast,” he said, exasperated, as he snapped his pants out of Gabriel’s hands. “I’m an archangel. I’ve already healed my vessel.” They cut there to avoid the awkwardness of Cas getting re-dressed under the sheet.
for once.” He shoved down Castiel’s pants and underwear and his hard cock sprang free. “Huh. So, you can still get it up even though you’ve lost interest. I guess it’s true that it doesn’t matter who sucks an alpha’s dick, as long as it gets sucked.”
“Of course,” said Rami, putting it together. “He’s the only being that could possibly wield Michael’s sword. He has an archangel’s grace and a human soul.”
Castiel cupped his face, catching a tear on his thumb. “I believe I already told you I’d never let you go,” he said, gently. “For better or for worse.”
He grinned. “Is it wrong to be kinda turned on when your daddy threatens to rip someone’s arms off?”
He headed for the studio. Predictably, it was hell. Good thing the characters were in purgatory and pretty miserable because Dean couldn’t force a happy face. When he’d finished the green-screen work that had been hastily prepared for the day, he went to go practice the fight choreography with the actor playing another knight of Hell: the head torturer, Alastair. Dean attacked each time like the cameras were rolling, putting everything he had into it. The choreographer praised Dean for his enthusiasm but warned that they were just rehearsing.
“What would you say if I told you, I thought you were going to claim me right there when you pushed me into that dark corner?”
“Because we’re learning one another,” he explained, watching as Dean wiped off his neck on both sides. “I need to have all the tools available at my disposal so I know how you’re feeling at all times. And your scent is something that’s always honest, much like your body, even when your voice doesn’t want to be. It tells me when you’re happy, sad, distressed… everything. And that’s important.” He held open his arms. “Come here.”
“Well, we can’t have that, I made sure to apply just the right amount of blush,” Aaron said as he dug through his supplies. He picked up a folding fan that he used to dry setting spray with and waved it in Dean’s direction. “Better?”
“And that, I believe, is spot on,” Aaron said, teasingly dabbing Dean’s nose with a brush one last time, giving him a little smile. He held up a mirror. “Care to inspect?”
“Not just a chance for twins,” said Dean, lifting his head to look at Cas. “Each egg has a chance to split, so if we’re very lucky, we could end up with
alpha. That was all the more evident when the two fingers inside him were removed to be quickly replaced with the blunt head of that huge cock.
“Sorry, I think this one is yours,” he said, extending one. “They moved everything off the table and I thought it was mine until I got a look at all your research materials inside.”
But then Cas was using his free hand to hold open the condom, sliding his index finger right in on top of Dean’s. He couldn’t stop himself from moaning loudly as Castiel’s hand pushed his own fingers further in.
The evening got hazy after that. There were drinks and singing and… more drinking. The next thing Dean was aware of, someone was helping him to pick his head up off the table and putting his arm over their shoulders in order to walk him out of the bar. Had he passed out for a while? He couldn’t tell; everything was so blurry.
Castiel exited the elevator with his head down, so he didn’t see Dean right away as he approached his car, keys in hand. He stopped short when Dean cleared his throat, alerting him to his presence.
“For anyone. It was genius, really. I would have stepped in and made ‘an ass’ of myself, as you say.” He actually used air quotes. It was absolutely
Despite avoiding answering Castiel’s question of living together, Dean noticed a couple of weeks after their trip to the hills that quite a number of his personal things had ended up at the alpha’s apartment. His mug that read ‘Coffee First,’ a green toothbrush that Cas had purchased, saying it reminded him of his eyes, a set of pajamas—though he generally only wore them for lounging because they more often than not got tossed on the bedroom floor and forgotten, plus underwear, a few pairs of jeans, and some t-shirts.
Finding it unlikely that he would be able to go back to sleep, he picked up his cell and blearily looked at his notifications. First, he saw that Sam had sent him a bunch of links and the line –
“I think it makes us look like ridiculous, unevolved cave-dwellers,” said Cas, shaking his head in derision. “They contribute to a very wide-spread stereotype that all alphas only think with their knots. Of course, if a stereotype exists, it’s because there’s some truth in it. I just don’t like it. And I’ll apologize in advance for anything they might say to you when we visit my family. I have no doubt my older brothers will be there, just because they think their very outdated opinions matter.”
Dean could tell. He dipped his head toward her, lifting a brow in challenge, and she slowly closed her mouth.
He did and was greeted with the sight of Castiel’s fully red eyes and parted lips as he breathed hard, his chest heaving each time, a soft growl in the back of his throat.
Knowing that his siblings had been taken down by Bast and Rami, Famine, a skinny man in a suit and carrying a briefcase, decided to make a pre-emptive strike. Gravel crunched underneath his shoes as he walked through a motel parking lot at dusk. He saw the Impala and looked at the room next to it. Lifting the hand holding the briefcase, he adjusted the ring he was wearing and smirked.
“My good boy,” Cas breathed roughly, pressing kisses along Dean’s neck. “I knew you could do it. You did so well, I’m so proud of you.”
“Yes…” He could feel Castiel’s cock twitching deep inside him, a feeling so erotic that it almost made him orgasm right then. “It’s so good, Cas, so fucking good…”
His hand traveled down Dean’s arm to his hip where it lingered until Cas could gather enough courage to let it stray down to where Dean most wanted it. He moaned softly into Castiel’s mouth, not wanting to overwhelm him with too much noise all at once, but it felt
“Aww!” said the hostess. “How sweet!” Castiel’s sparkling charisma had charmed the pants off her, while Meg mimed gagging herself with a finger.
you somehow managed to fight your way through the legions of Hell and found your father’s soul… where would it have gone? Last I recall, your father’s body is still six feet under.” Lifting a hand, he rested it on Dean’s chest.
“Hmm…” Rami lifted his face to the sun, closing his eyes as he considered his answer. Then he smiled, a little mischievously. “I think… I’d like to spend some time with my best friend. He deserves a break after what he’s been through and… maybe so do I.”
Sam was standing over him with his arms crossed. “The floor of my living room,” he said, bitch-face firmly in place.
He followed the directions to the letter. The moment they were parked and Cas turned off the car, Dean stopped the movement of his hand, but didn’t remove it. Gently, Cas took hold of the end of the plug.
“On that note,” said Cas, who leaned close to Dean to ask in a stage whisper that the microphone shared with the whole room, “Shall we tell them?”
what he would do for him if he was a very good boy and asked for what he needed. “Fuck,” he breathed.
He did, a cold sweat breaking out on his forehead. The picture on page six… was of Castiel and Meg, looking cozy sitting beside one another at a café, her hand visible on his thigh and Castiel making bedroom eyes. It looked like they were about to kiss. The headline read—
“I’ll text when I’m done,” Crowley was saying into his phone, completely ignoring the other alpha. “No, I don’t know—”
Chuckling, Cas carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I’m sorry for being so selfish. You make me want things I’ve never wanted from anyone else.”
Cas cleared his throat. “Listen, I feel like I should warn you. I took a suppressant when Sam came and got me, but my body’s metabolizing it rather quickly. I’m fairly certain that your heat is triggering my rut and I’ve… never gone through it with a partner before. I just want to apologize for anything I might do or, or say, when my mind isn’t all here.”
“Oh.” The drop in her tone said she was familiar with the name and not for nice reasons. “Are you Samuel Winchester?” She’d probably made the guess based on Castiel’s alpha scent.
“So, it wasn’t unwanted sexual harassment?” he asked, looking up at him with dark eyes, always an interesting combination with light hair.
happen to me. I’ve always prided myself on the fact that I’ve never been like other alphas who just take what they want… but you bring out a side of me I’ve never known before. It scares me.”
Dean pulled it back a little, but when Castiel came in to rehearse his fight choreo with John on the other side of the large space, Dean threw himself back into his own rehearsal with renewed vigor. He knew he was wiping himself out, but he didn’t care. If he was concentrating on a physical task, he couldn’t focus on his tumultuous emotions. It was his only means of escape. But that meant when rehearsal was over, it hit him hard all over again.
The next morning when Dean woke up, there wasn’t a new message from Castiel waiting for him, but he half expected that.
“Why don’t we wait for the public’s reaction tomorrow before making such a drastic decision?” asked Sam, instantly going the logical and calm route.
“Don’t get me wrong, it’s nice to not be trapped in a cage with my least favorite sibling for all eternity,” said Gabriel. “But it sucks that my beloved playground is about to go up in smoke.” He looked Ramiel over. “Wow, you are
official account. They were spinning it like it hadn’t been a date, but more of a ‘work outing.’ The tabloid’s credibility was shot, not that it had been very good to begin with, and the previous image with Dean was being called into question on social media as clickbait.
“Hm.” He slipped off the car’s hood, putting his hands in his pockets. “I also have a decision to make. Because of the article coming out tomorrow.”
“Uh-uh!” he said, pointing to the far end of the room. “In the corner! I’ll put it on, but if I feel absolutely fucking ridiculous, I’m not letting you see! You can only look if I say so!”
Coward that he was, Dean left early the next morning while it was still dark, silently getting his clothes out of the dryer and exiting the apartment so he could call a ride to meet him downstairs. All without waking the slumbering alpha in the bedroom. He couldn’t bear the thought of seeing Castiel, all sleep-rumpled, naked, and sexy, and be reminded instantly of what they’d done together. Couldn’t blithely sit across from him in the kitchen and have breakfast like they were some kind of normal couple. Normal was the farthest thing from what they were!
. It made his heart ache with longing, because it sounded like Castiel’s voice. He made Dean feel like… he
Castiel purred, using his other hand to smear it all over his stomach. “You like that, too, don’t you? Seeing me covered in you. Because this is your territory, too, isn’t it, Dean?”
“Maybe we should consider giving them separate rooms now,” Dean put out as he sat in the glider near the window, watching Cas try not to frustrate himself as he put together two cribs. “If our girl is going to be active at night, she’ll disturb her brother’s sleep as much as she will ours.” While they chatted, he handed the alpha metal nuts and bolts one at a time from the collection he had in the well of his lap, which was slowly shrinking the bigger he became.
“Even if he can’t s-see it,” said Anna, her voice breaking slightly, “he can see my work by touching them, by smelling them—”
I’m sitting on the floor in front of it, typing this message in the golden glow of the oven light, praying that this loaf is the one. The one loaf out of the dozen or so I’ve made in the last few days that might be acceptable to bring you later.
“If you wanted to forget that bad, then maybe it was what you needed, at least for the moment,” said Dean.
Keeping his face turned away, he angrily stabbed a knuckle at the stubborn tear in his eye that wanted to fall. He wouldn’t give it the satisfaction; this didn’t deserve tears. “It doesn’t matter. You got what you wanted, didn’t you? Now, delete the video.”
Dean would know that gravelly voice anywhere. He pressed the ‘close’ button in rapid succession, hoping Novak would miss the elevator, but a hand stopped the door before it could shut.
Before he could respond, Dean’s cell phone on the coffee table began to ring. “Saved by the bell.” Tapping a finger to his nose, Cas went back to untangling the garland as Dean went to answer the call. “Sammy!” he said, happily. “Just couldn’t wait til next week?”
Dean wanted to say it was okay, as long as he could keep that jacket around him, but all that came out was an indistinct murmur. He couldn’t even find the wherewithal to open his eyes. He had the impression that they were moving pretty quickly… when had they left the elevator? But Novak was holding him so carefully, as if he was trying his best not to jostle him.
It was Christmas Eve and they had reservations at the swanky restaurant inside the hotel Sam was staying at for the holiday. Cas had arranged everything once Dean had given him the information Sam had texted – he’d upgraded Sam’s flight to first class, arranged for a driver, changed his lodging from a cheap motel to a grand, upscale place with a suite, and reserved them a table for dinner on one of the busiest nights of the year.
“And we can trust you with the secret of the gender?” Cas asked, skeptically. “You knew for less than a minute before posting about the pregnancy.”
Dean turned his head and kissed him full on the mouth. Fuck the germs, if he was going to get sick, he’d probably already gotten the bug during the blowjob. “If you can’t resist,” said Dean, teasingly, “then I don’t think you really need to bother asking, do you?”
of my fucking life.” Apparently, Dean’s brain was caught up enough for him to sass-mouth again. He waggled his eyebrows to top it off.
Later, when he stepped out onto the curb alone, Dean looked up at his apartment building as Sam drove away. He and Cas had
had aired its final episode. “We haven’t discussed too many details,” Dean answered, “but probably something small and outdoor. Just family.”
Cas sat down on the bench behind Dean, his naked legs on either side of his, making him scoot forward until he was sitting on the very edge of the bench, the demon’s long hard dick pressing into his crack through his clothes. It was mostly Cas’ arm around his middle keeping him from falling right off the seat. His other hand went to Dean’s face and turned it so that he could kiss him, licking into his mouth. In the next moment, his own cock was growing hard and pressing up against the front of his jeans while the demon’s hand found its way under his shirt to fondle his nipples to tight little nubs.
“Okay, okay…” He knew better than to comment on that. Talking about their mother in an email was one thing, out loud was another. But of course, Sam wouldn’t be quiet for long. “What
“I don’t know, but we’ve gotta act fast and we can’t take the chance of being near him ourselves. You go tell production what happened, they’ll get the police on it. I’ll get Dean help.”
“Every side of you that I’ve seen completely captivates me,” he murmured, turning Dean’s face so they could look at each other. “That’s why I took the video. I wanted to have a memory of you coming into my apartment for the first time. I wanted to remember everything. That’s ultimately why I asked this of you. I knew I’d never get a second chance at you offering me anything I wanted.”
“Of course not. Everything I’m doing now is what I would do for my mate, so I can give no less than my all, but he didn’t ask me to do that, I chose to. The ultimate decision is Dean’s and I don’t want him to make it out of obligation, like, he
“I didn’t know it was possible to feel so much love,” Cas whispered when the little ones kicked at his hands. “As big as it feels inside my heart, it just continues to grow.”
While the ultrasound device was moved around on his tummy, Dean had to try and remember to keep breathing. Instinctively, he wanted to hold it until they heard what they were waiting for. The monitor just showed a black and white blur, so Dean kept his eyes on Cas, seeing his own anxiety and hope reflected in the alpha’s gaze.
When the come finally stopped and Cas was panting and swaying on his feet, Dean licked the sides of his cock and kissed the tip, nuzzling it with his face before leaning on the back edge of the tub with his elbows. He gave his alpha a cocky grin. It was nice to see
“Shh, beloved,” came his alpha’s warm honey voice, which took all the panic out of him instantly. “Sit up now, put your arms around me.”
“Dude, what are you talking about? Who’s at the door?” He tried to go answer it, but Dean got in his way.
“Alright, break it up, you two,” said John, slinging an arm across Dean’s shoulders. “Let’s go get your stuff and get you home.”
Gabe goggled at him with a slack mouth for a moment before his smile returned. “I… That sounds like fun.”
Punishments were less physical in nature now, especially since bending over was getting more difficult and pain could be stressful on the pups. Instead, Cas might subject him to prolonged orgasm denial or bondage beneath his clothes, even while at work. Dean loved having the ropes on him, it was like his daddy was holding him all day, though they were physically apart.
“Dean,” Sam said again, quieter. He put his hands on his brother’s shoulders in a calming gesture, but Dean shook him off.
A small rare smile ghosted across Castiel’s lips and it was like a bit of sunshine peeking through the clouds. “Exhilarating. It was the only time I didn’t feel trapped in my own body. Swooping through the clouds, gliding on the wind like I was weightless, landing on water and floating like a ship, completely effortlessly.”
“Not like that, beloved,” he said. “I don’t want to wear you out or jostle the pups too much.” Instead, he rocked in the chair, back and forth. “Can you do that for me? Just rock.”
The same cake Kevin’s parents had at their wedding!” Her lower lip trembled. “We were going to have them cut it at the same time as us…”
They actually descended the main staircase to live harp music. Delicately holding the lace overlay of his dress so he wouldn’t trip, it was all Dean could do to keep a smile frozen on his face as they joined the party. Having Castiel’s arm around his waist helped immensely, both with balance and confidence. They were a united front. Despite the sheer number of people in attendance, the two of them would undoubtedly be the center of attention at all times. Dean kept his training at the forefront of his mind, determined that no one would catch a chink in his armor.
“Wow,” he said, his brown eyes large and luminous as he smiled up at Dean and Cas. “I can’t believe I get to work with you guys!” he said, eagerly shaking their hands. “I’ve seen so much of your work, Mr. Winchester; they show it all the time at APA, you’re famous there! Well, I mean, you
“Taking care of what will happen with John Winchester so you don’t have to worry about anything but bringing these pups into the world.”
Dean had been hoping to pull off a hat-trick and claim the number one ‘sexiest’ title for a third time this year, but he looked down at the big ‘Number Two’ printed beside his name in the magazine and sighed again.
“So, if I win, you’ll live with me?” His eyes sparkled as he took Dean’s hands in his and squeezed. “I’ll work my hardest!”
“It would be about time for a feeding,” said Cas, checking the clock. He grinned. “I’ve got an idea.”
Ugh. This guy played dirty pool. Blushing furiously, Dean let his head fall forward onto Castiel’s shoulder. “Just… one time?”
“You’re perfectly clean,” Cas assured him. “I’m not venturing deep inside. But I’ll keep in mind that you’re willing to prepare in the future. Do you think you could take my cock in your ass one day?”
. Cupping Dean’s chin, Cas tilted his face up so he could drop another kiss on his pouting lips. Dean grabbed him by the wrist when he made to leave.
“It was a narrow thing at times,” Bast revealed, lifting his brows. “During those fights, the power would whisper to me, that it would be so easy to give in. But that’s why I didn’t trust it. Because nothing in my life has ever been easy. So, I kept fighting as long as I had something to fight for.”
“You still promise to fuck me on the back of a horse?” Dean asked, grabbing his daddy by the collar of his blue and green plaid shirt and dragging him in close.
Trembling all over, Dean could feel his heart thudding hard against his chest and the desk beneath it. “Only you, Cas,” he promised and meant it down to his core.
Though Dean was happy to see his brother, of course, his heart jumped when he saw Cas enter behind him. So strange, it had been months since he’d last seen Sam in person while it had only been a few hours for Cas, but Dean already missed his alpha. Their mating bond at work, but also probably because of the influence of his rampaging pregnancy hormones. Cas gave his trench coat to the butler, revealing the sweater he was wearing that complimented the greens in Dean’s dress.
“I wanted to jump in the middle of that dance floor and snap my teeth at anyone who even looked at you,” said Cas. “But I would have settled for this.”
He sighed. “I don’t know. This is the first time I’ve defied him to his face. I don’t doubt there will be some kind of lecture…”
The baker looked from one brother to the other, clearly at a loss. He offered the tray. “Sample?” he asked. “Tomato bruschetta on fresh baked baguette.”
anything to be deserving of love and happiness. Just existing means you deserve to have self-worth. And I’m sorry that no one ever told you that before, but you just being my sweet boy is enough for me. Do you want to be my beloved?”
“Do you like it?” she asked, holding the skirt of her white floral sundress. “I picked it out myself.” Her blush said that she was still unsure about making choices, so Dean loaded on the positive reinforcement.
“You always took care of me, no matter what,” he said. “I didn’t appreciate it all the time back then, but I do now. Those pups are so lucky.”
Soon enough, the party had broken up. Those who were staying were persuaded to have dinner without them. With Adam being stable and conscious, Kelly kept him company while Akobel applied first aid to Michael and Lucifer and tested for broken bones. It was good the family had their own doctor, because otherwise they would have needed to go to a hospital, and that would have raised some questions - the same questions that Naomi was asking.
“I guess,” he said, shrugging. “It was tough, balancing work and school and helping to take care of Sam, especially on the nights when my dad would be away on shoots and it was all up to me. But it taught me a good work ethic. I never wanted anyone to say I failed at anything, especially because it’s tougher being a working omega. Things are better for us now, but people still have plenty of prejudice, thinking we belong barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen.”
“We both have a job to do,” he said, glaring at the wall. “So, get changed and get to it. We’ll continue this later when I’ve sufficiently calmed down.” He looked back to where Dean was standing, just outside the bathroom, pinning him with eyes that were still a bit red. “You will wait for me here when you’re done shooting today.”
“No, please, please,” he begged, dragging his hands through Castiel’s hair. “I want us to come together.”
“Oh, my God,” he groaned. “You’re not going to let this go.” Dean sat up straight in order to look Cas in the eyes. “Benny was a good friend, probably my best friend in school. But if anything, what happened between us just confirmed that all we were was friends and wouldn’t ever be anything else.” He reached for Castiel’s hand and brought it into his lap. “I can’t give you my past. I might not be able to give you
“Dean,” he growled, kissing him harder, grabbing the back of his head by his hair. “My beloved. I will not mate you now, we will discuss our expectations first. But I
His expression shuttered. “I don’t think it’s any of your business. Would you mind? I don’t want them to get here and think I’m with someone else.”
Chuckling, Dean leaned over and tied the balloons loosely to their iron fireplace screen since it was right next to him and he wouldn’t have to get up. They were weighted, but he didn’t want them to wander. He craned his neck when Cas unboxed the cake, trying to see it better.
He grabbed a pie box off the counter and handed it to Castiel. When he opened it, inside was a blue apron embroidered with ‘Angel Cakes’ and above that – ‘Cas.’
Dean followed Castiel’s eyeline to the stand mixer… which was spinning so fast, all the flour was going everywhere. “Ahhh!” cried Dean as he ran over to switch it off, but the damage was done. Not only was the batch ruined, but flour was everywhere. He covered his face with a hand and groaned, leaving white fingerprints behind. “Maybe Sam had the right idea. I’ve got to be tired if I’m making dumb mistakes.” He unlocked the bowl from the mixer and went to dump it out in the trash. “I’ve gotta at least finish one more batch though…”
The omega couldn’t see what Cas was doing very well, but he heard the jingle of his belt and the sound of his zipper. There was no time for foreplay, Cas entered him immediately, holding him by the hips and slamming in, bottoming out with a suddenness that had the omega stifling a startled cry. He drove into Dean relentlessly at a pace designed to get himself off fast, but because he was hitting Dean’s prostate almost every time, the omega’s own orgasm wasn’t far off either. With the panties around his ankles, he couldn’t move his legs very far apart, making him tighter than usual and so able to feel the brutal pounding he was taking even more so. The rhythmic slap-slap-slap of their bodies crashing together seemed so loud in the little room, reminding him that they could be overheard by anyone close by. He did his best to smother the sounds that kept trying to sneak out of him, but couldn’t help the little breathless gasps that were punched out whenever his prostate sent a zing through his system.
“Especially not me.” He settled down on his side and drew Dean back into his arms. He carded the fingers of one hand through Dean’s hair as he spoke. “Before, demons should have avoided you out of respect for my claim. Now, I’ve basically made it so only I can have ready access to your essence. It’s a lot of work to undo what I did and most demons want easy prey.” Cas chuckled. “Don’t say I never did anything for you.”
“Hang on—” Gabriel continued, “—this is kinda what I’m known for.” He cleared his throat and held out his hands, glowing a bit as he let a little of his archangel halo be seen. “Be not afraid!” He promptly ruined the effect by giggling and dropping the act. “No, but seriously. This is a blessing. And proof that God is still out there, somewhere, since he allowed this to happen. So, take care of yourselves. Take care of your pup. Hopefully, I won’t see you again.”
“Oh, my sweet, good boy,” he rumbled, the hand holding Dean’s head beginning to shake. “You don’t even know… You have no idea…” He pulled back enough for Dean to look up and cradled his cheek with his free hand, stroking the apple with his thumb. “Look at me, Dean.”
It turned out that Crowley’s smarmy arrogance was perfect for playing the over-confident Knight of Hell. Dean had begun to suspect that the man had possibly gotten in the good graces of one or more of the female network executives in order to get the part, purely from the way he bragged and treated the women on set, but maybe there was something genuine behind the casting. Still, his attitude was a
“That’s absolutely fine,” said Cas, gently and calmly, though his pale face and wide eyes betrayed his anxiety. “I love you, too. You’re incredible, you’re doing so well. Breathe with me, beloved.”
Tilting his head back, Dean laughed. It made him tighten around his daddy in quick pulses, earning him a rumbling moan and a bright flare of red in Castiel’s eyes. “You have everything all planned out, don’t you?” he asked, leaning down for a kiss.
He shivered, and not just from the sexy threat. Christmas Eve at night in California was still pretty cold for nudity and his nipples were getting very hard, even when cuddling the human heater that was Cas. He wiggled his jeans the rest of the way off and both of them crawled under the blankets.
“It’s always good to see that not everyone is resistant to change,” Castiel said quietly, watching the woman’s back as she disappeared into the parish hall. Loud music was already playing. “I wish that family well.”
, that one word melted his insides every time. He lifted his gaze to find Cas looking at him like he was the only thing that existed in the world.
Dean hadn’t been Castiel’s knight protector for very long, but he thought he knew what had him so upset. Eying the red shawl that was perpetually wrapped around the prince’s left arm from daybreak when Dean would join him to sundown when he would leave for bed, Castiel only possessed one good arm, which left him unable to join in the happy applause for his sister.
He smiled, grateful for the praise, letting it warm him from the inside. “Yes, daddy. I wanna be your good boy.”
“Good,” she said, nodding with more emphasis than necessary. “Me too. Friends don’t let friends drunk drive. Drive drunk. You know. Don’t.”
Novak: There’s no one I admire more. I’ve only been in entertainment for a few years, but these past couple of weeks have been the best of my whole career. If I could work with him for the rest of my life, I could die a happy man.
“It’s only fair for you to suffer a little, too. My family and I are meeting your family for the first time and we’re doing it at your twin brothers’ club. I’m lucky I still have hair.”
as an example?! The tension between them buzzed, thick enough to cut with a knife. Novak was aware of it as well, he could tell, the man kept fidgeting with his fingers, his hands between his knees, deliberately looking anywhere but at the person next to him. Dean had to say something to end the silence.
Unable to go to a hospital, obviously, Bast and Gabriel were the only ones who could help him through the process. Bast assisted Rami out of his pants while Gabriel threw a sheet over him.
“Beloved?” he said, slowly. “What… what happened?” He touched Dean’s face with a gentle hand. “You’re hurt.”
“I won’t be, daddy,” Dean promised as he unfastened Castiel’s trousers and pulled him out of his underwear. “This is for you, not for me.”
The pups fell fully asleep during the impromptu song and dance session, so Sam helped Dean put them down in their cribs while Gabe and Cas got dinner for the grown-ups ready in the kitchen. Transferring the pups into their beds naturally made them wake up a little, so the brothers rubbed their backs and murmured soothingly to get them to drift off again.
They didn’t appall me. If it would make you feel better, I could share something embarrassing I did after we said goodnight.
And without Michael and Lucifer being there, even Raphael was behaving himself and treating the omegas with decency. Although, that could have been brought on out of sheer terror after what Cas had done to his eldest brothers. Those two certainly wouldn’t be making easy prey out of any more omegas now that their outsides matched their ugly insides. And with them being separated to remote corners of the world for work, Cas had stepped up to fill their former position at the Archangel Network - one of the highest CEO positions available, equal to  Raphael, Uriel, and Hannah, second only to Naomi herself. It kept him busy, but he’d changed the job’s requirements enough that he could work remotely most of the time, in the interest of being more available for their pups in the future.
Closing his eyes, Dean took deep breaths while Castiel ran as fast as his legs could carry him back down to the nurse’s station. Dimly, he could hear his name being called from the direction of his father’s room, but he ignored it. He had much more important things to worry about. At least he was assured that John couldn’t stalk after them, not in his condition.
“I’ve always thought so, too. I just… never said it out loud. It’s a little terrifying to think about, living my life without limits. I’m not sure I’ll know what to do with so much freedom.”
Dean looked at his hand, seeing the keychain, then stuffed it in the bag. He ducked his head to hide his embarrassment. “It’s just my keys.”
Dean’s hands tightened on Castiel’s arms. “I don’t want you to. You said you wanted to train me. I want to learn to obey. Like, I know you don’t want me to fight, but today it wasn’t for no reason, I only did it because they were talking bad about you.”
“Fuck!” Dean burst out as his frustration boiled over. He ran his hands over his head several times, trying to rid himself of the phantom sensation of Castiel stroking his hair. He couldn’t get over the fact that it had felt good…
“I’m fine. I don’t need you butting into my business,” Dean said, firmly. “Don’t mess with things that don’t concern you.”
“They’re perfect,” said Dean, tears coursing down his cheeks unchecked. He smiled up at Cas, sobbing a laugh. “I love you, daddy.”
He smiled. They’d toasted to this earlier and still, Cas was asking to make sure. Dean wanted to kiss the slight tremble off of those gorgeous pink lips. His adorable alpha was
The blue eyes took on a dreamy quality and Castiel’s sharp jaw softened. “We share a profound bond.”
“I think it was more out of habit at first, most of my clothes were hand-me-downs. And then I felt like I had a reputation to protect, not wanting anyone to see me as ‘soft’ or think they could take advantage of me.” He ran a hand over his abdomen and down his skirt. “But really… I like being able to express this side of myself. And having you pick them all out takes the stress of it away. All I have to do is be pretty and we already know how good I am at that.”
person he’d chatted up in a bar and then decided to ghost when things took a turn. This was his friend, who’d shared with him some of the most intimate details of his life. It would be cruel to just ignore this man, this incredibly insightful, open-hearted person who’d reached in and touched Dean’s soul. He deserved honesty.
. The man with the name of an angel would be taking second billing under Dean, ironically playing the archangel Ramiel. Well, this wouldn’t be awkward at all.
When a hand came down on his neck this time, Dean barely startled, he was so relaxed. The hand came around his throat and pulled him back against something soft but firm. Tilting his chin up and opening his eyes, he found his head resting against Castiel’s pelvis. He smiled up at him.
“It’s nice to meet you, Kelly,” said Dean, speaking her name deliberately. He looked up at Gabe and tilted his head toward the kitchen appliances. “Gabriel’s going to get you some water, alright? You just sit here and breathe for me. Long breaths, in and out.”
The man smiled. Suddenly, he didn’t look so tired. Or maybe the sun peeped out from behind a cloud, lighting up his face. “You like it?” he asked.
“I know it’s hard for you to admit or do certain things, that’s why I have to push you sometimes. I do it because I love you, you know that, don’t you?”
Castiel’s car almost spun out on the dirt and gravel as it skidded to a stop next to Dean’s on the overlook. Dean was sitting on the hood of his car, his knees drawn up, his arms resting on top of them. Castiel’s face was lined with worry when he got out.
“You can leave if you want to,” he reiterated. Every word he was saying was incredibly deliberate. “If you want to leave this bed, I won’t chase you.”
“Well… I’m glad I can be here for you, then, Cas. Anytime.” Off his surprised look, he elaborated, “One syllable. Like ‘Dean’ or ‘Sam.’ Easy to say. Not so formal. Unless you hate it?”
He wrapped one of the blankets over his shoulders to keep the chill at bay. By contrast, Castiel’s warm hands went from Dean’s thighs over the sides of the panties to his hips to his waist and kept traveling upward, teasing his nipples and encouraging Dean to lean forward, cupping the back of his neck and drawing him down to kiss him. His tongue swept Dean’s mouth and he moaned, filled from both ends. He began to rock back and forth, a slow rhythm, working the alpha up the same way he’d worked Dean.
“Pretty good rise, pretty even aeration, it’s been kneaded very well,” he went on as he examined the little holes caused by the air bubbles, then looked up at Dean. “Would you like a piece?”
Dean continued to clutch his shirt closed, even though it was useless now. Cas had already seen it. “I passed out,” he admitted, unable to look the alpha in the eyes. “I don’t remember what happened.”
“Fuck,” he whispered, cradling Dean’s cheeks before sliding his fingers back through his hair. “God, you’re so gorgeous.”
“It was a little nerve-wracking at first,” Cas admitted. “But I’m not scared of Naomi now.” He exhaled sharply, holding Dean tighter. “I don’t know why I’m still shaking.”
Soon, the sting of pain faded completely, leaving him at the mercy of relentless waves of pleasure that crested higher and higher with no end in sight, it seemed. Feeling adrift on that strange sea, Dean grabbed for something to ground him. Cas’ head was low, his mouth at Dean’s neck and shoulder, while his lower half was a driving force. Dean’s arms came around Cas’ torso, grabbing the base of his wings in his fists.
thinking about how Novak smelled like his best memory. Or looking at the way his hands moved and imagining how they would feel if those fingers were to trace along his neck to his mating gland only to be replaced by those sensuous lips…
If his scent wasn’t blocked, Dean was sure his displeasure would have been announced to all those in a five-foot radius. Every scrap of goodwill he’d felt toward Luce as a co-host of the evening evaporated in an instant. “Dick.”
Above—a sky so blue and clear that it looked fake, after a whole season of Purgatory’s endless undersaturated gray and Hell’s ugly sooty black. Birds flew by, tweeting their songs into the air.
“That’s right. This is a partnership. If only one of us is getting their needs met, it doesn’t work.”
“There,” Castiel sighed, seating himself fully and lowering Dean’s leg to the floor. “Ahh… You’re so tight like this, Dean, you feel so good… I can’t tell you how many times I came, imagining what it would be like… to be buried deep inside you…”
shouldn’t have let him choose the restaurant since Dean didn’t care for fish on a good day, let alone when he wasn’t given the decency of having it cooked. So, he’d only ingested alcohol and sake was a devious drink, especially on an empty stomach. It didn’t let you know how drunk you were until
As the guests arrived, everyone was given a chance to take snaps in front of Gabriel’s pastel-colored selfie wall with props like oversized pacifiers and lacy bonnets, alongside framed pictures of the early sonograms and a banner that said ‘Welcome Pup!’ with an ‘s’ written on a sticky note and stuck on the end to make it ‘Pups.’ Then the guests were asked to give name suggestions on large poster boards in blue and pink. Gabriel had, of course, suggested his own name along with a few from
“We’re not just a pie place anymore,” said Dean, smiling. “Now you can do what you love – make cakes. As many as you like.” He pulled Cas into the empty shop and gestured up at the blackboard, one-third of which was completely wiped blank. “Any kind you want. And if that’s not enough room, we’ll put up another board. Here…”
Neither man had wanted a big fuss—Dean had advocated for just running down to City Hall, but Castiel had wanted some sort of ceremony with a few people, and Dean could never tell Cas, “No.”. So here they were, at a quaint little venue upstate with their brothers, Bobby, Charlie, and a few others, so they could tie the knot.
“Alfie?” Dean cocked his head in confusion at the tall, slender angel that stood before them in a ridiculously striped Weiner Hut uniform.
“Our Father doesn’t approve, but Aunt Amara does. She wants to repopulate heaven with both angels and Nephilim.  Many of heaven’s angels have chosen human mates to bring back and fertilize so that we may grow our numbers.”
Dean bit back a groan and rubbed his eyes before flipping through the rest of the mail. His own electric bill, another thick envelope from the social security administration about Bobby’s disability, a postcard for ‘
Next to him, Cas’ face was impassive, but Dean was beyond grossed out. The worst part was that Gabriel didn’t stop fucking Sam.
Dean glanced up to see Gabriel hovering over his shoulder with a pretty terrifying look on his face.  “Mr. Winchester,” Gabriel ground out. “Is there a problem here?”
“Just my luck to get pregnant on my first time,” Dean joked. “I feel like I’m in an after school special.”
As he reached the front, and took his future husband’s hands, Dean looked out over the small gathering—their closest friends and family.  Bobby and Charlie were right in the front, beaming at the two of them with affection and pride. Next to them were two empty chairs with signs on them.  It had been Castiel’s idea, and Dean was thrilled that he’d suggested it.
Castiel startled, but then smiled when he saw who it was. “Good morning. I hope you don’t mind; I took some liberties…”
The footsteps and voices were returning. “—I understand that it’s almost time for the wedding,” Chuck could be heard saying, “but if we can’t be paid right now, we’ll have to take our product back so we can make our other deliveries on time.”
“You barely ‘raised’ me at all,” he shot back, the instinctive submission of his youth fading further into the background. He wasn’t a kid anymore and he would be damned if he was going to allow John to treat him like one now. Dean was a grown-ass man. “You have no right to tell me how to live my life.”
Oh, he hoped so, but he wouldn’t be going to bed anytime soon. Immediately following end of day, Dean and Sam were in the kitchen preparing massive amounts of pie dough for two hundred four-inch pies. Each batch was wrapped in plastic and piled in the fridge like little round bricks so they wouldn’t be too difficult to defrost later.
myself for the way I feel. Dean helped me to see that pretending to be something I’m not was never going to turn me into a version of myself that you could love. This is who I am going to be for the rest of my life. I could loathe it and be miserable, or I could accept myself for who I am. I choose acceptance.”
Going in for his own kiss, Dean pulled until Castiel rolled them forward, ending up on top of him. This time, Dean licked away the alpha’s blockers in order to enjoy his scent. If they were doing this, he might as well get the full effect.
He did as he was told, letting himself drool all over the cock in his mouth. Dean moaned around his mouthful and Cas touched his shoulder, pinching the base of his dick as he pushed Dean back.
The chemistry between the two leads crackled and sparked, even in a simple read-through, and the rest of the cast and crew applauded when it was over. It was no wonder. Most actors had to
Forcing himself to move, he shoved away from the wall. He was due in wardrobe then makeup, so he made himself walk in that direction. He was a fucking professional, damn it. He could do this. Push it down, leave ‘Dean’ at the door and become Bast.
“You little rebel,” Bast teased as they got up and dusted themselves off. “You don’t think you’ll get written up by the home office for slacking?”
“Remind me to get her one of those giant cookies with a big ‘you rock, queen’ written in icing.” Dean sighed. “You know, I’m normally a ‘ship and let ship,’ ‘your kink is not my kink and that’s okay’ type guy… but not when you start interfering with real live people. That’s messed up.”
He leaned back enough to see Castiel’s glowing red eyes just before he was kissed, deeply and fiercely. A kiss that said how much he was loved and how angry his alpha felt over how this had happened. Dean could only pour as much gratitude as he could into it, telling him without the words that were beyond him at the moment how he loved Cas with all his heart, how much it meant to have him there, giving him everything.
Sam shook his head. “I just can’t remember the last time you said more than ‘what can I get you?’ and ‘thanks for coming in’ to someone.”
“I should, you picked it out.” He swished his hips, making his skirt flare around him. “Ready to meet the fam?”
Regret began to roll off of Castiel, a heavy scent like wet wood. Dean trailed his fingers through the shadow on his cheek, encouraging Cas to look up at him.
“Can’t,” Dean repeated, an incredulous laugh in his tone. “That’s cute, coming from the guy who did whatever the fuck he wanted with
When Dean pulled back, he held him at arm’s length. “Remember, you’re welcome here anytime. We don’t have to be working a big gig. Hell, you don’t even have to help. Just come by. We’ll miss you, Assbutt.” Cas snorted and Dean wanted to kiss the little wrinkle in his nose. He just wanted to kiss him, period.
The younger Winchester shook his hand then turned to his brother and pulled him into a hug. “I’ll miss you, man.”
“Lots of omegas choose to dress feminine,” Cas pointed out. “But it’s really more about how it makes Dean feel. Both tangibly on his body and emotionally. When I choose what he wears, it’s a constant reminder of whom he belongs to, without me saying anything. If he has an objection to something, I always discuss his reasons for it and we reach a compromise. Thus far, we haven’t needed to do that, because his objections have been more psychological in nature. Once we get past that, he learns to enjoy what he’s previously been needlessly holding himself back from.”
Rather than spring it on him, Dean pulled his hands out of his pockets and held out his arms, letting Castiel choose whether or not he wanted a hug. With a little smile on his face, he came into the frame of Dean’s arms and held him tight, patting him firmly a few times and letting his hand linger after the last one. Castiel sighed before letting go and Dean repressed a shiver as it ghosted across the nape of his neck. Goosebumps chased each other up and down his spine.
John shook his head again. “Feels like my mind is so full, it might explode.” He folded his hands and rested them against his mouth, setting his elbows on the table. “If it’s this overwhelming for me, I can’t imagine what it feels like for you.”
Now extremely curious, Dean took it and slid his thumb beneath the flap, tearing it open. Inside was a folded piece of paper. When he opened it, he saw a printed listing of a house in Illinois. A
Dean gasped and he froze because the air rippled with power, like static electricity rolling over them.
Castiel’s smile shifted to reveal his pleasure at Dean’s reaction and a shiver chased itself down his spine at that knowledge.
humble,” Dean murmured to his phone, grinning despite his embarrassment over exactly how free he’d been with his words the previous night. Still… AC didn’t seem to mind. ‘More fascinated that he should be,’ is what he said. That shouldn’t be so exciting. “Play it cool,” he told himself, “it’s no big deal.”
him? That was so far out of the realm of potential possibilities, it sounded ridiculous to his ears. When he struggled, Castiel grabbed his wrists and pinned them down on either side of Dean’s head. Fuck, he was strong!
. But that was why he hadn’t said anything to anyone about what had happened between him and Castiel. He couldn’t deny that he was feeling better, just as Crowley said he would, ever since the alpha had inserted himself into his life. His aggression had all but evaporated, the buzzing beneath his skin was gone, his headaches were non-existent. It wasn’t a coincidence. He would be stupid not to attempt to understand just what this
Dean ran a hand over his face. Those finger-quotes would be the death of him. “We lean into those moments. Intensify the eye-fucking; I’ll look at your lips more. We stand unnecessarily close whenever possible. When we touch, let it linger for a little longer than normal. We look at each other when one of us is looking the other way. You know, pining. Later, we can bring on some more casual intimacy when they’re better friends, like sharing food, going through each other’s stuff, that sort of thing.”
“I know,” said Cas, his pine notes intensified, putting out waves of comfort in his unblocked scent as he held Dean and rocked him back and forth in his arms.
“To go through his heat together!” Cas was clearly already losing it. “Look, Sam, I took a suppressant, but that’s not going to keep me thinking clearly for long, I have to get him there now! I’ll call!” And then he was running.
“What?!” Dean exclaimed, and the heartbeat monitor attached to him jumped in pace. He didn’t even hear the doctor try to calm him down, he was too busy looking at the open doorway. “Daddy!” he cried, the room instantly full of the scent of panic.
“Why don’t you come inside and we’ll talk about it,” she said, craning her neck to look at Dean behind him. “Your co-star is welcome to come in, too. He’s probably wondering all
“Oh, yeah, plenty of room once we set up the pie bar. I’ll help you shift these after I get all the racks in here.”
“No, daddy, I know not to do that,” Dean said, breathless as the alpha mouthed at his mating gland. “You told me to keep my hands on the mirror, so I couldn’t move my dress out of the way and I didn’t want to get it dirty.”
“No, that I’m familiar with,” said Castiel. “You’re just… so affectionate. I suppose I’m just used to my older brothers asserting their dominance in more mean-spirited ways.”
He watched as Castiel looked up from peeling, curiously. The little tilt of his head just made Dean want to run over and kiss the crook of his neck. He cleared his throat, loudly, and turned his attention back on his work.
Dean elaborated, “Aside from the first time, which we can both agree was selfish at best, all the other times you pushed my limits and dragged me along for the ride—was it because you got some sick pleasure out of torturing me? Or because you wanted to see if it would lead to us having fun? Something we could do again sometime? And if I hated it after trying it, would you force me to do it again? Or would my no mean no, like you said when you asked me to have sex a second time? When I said no extreme age play?”
Dean winced, remembering the wire-work he’d done that day. He wished he’d let his stunt double take care of it, but he’d been feeling awfully cocky and assured production he could do it himself. It certainly looked good on-screen, the break-away wall falling to pieces as he was jerked through it, Styrofoam ‘wood’ and sugar glass spraying out toward the camera in slow motion. But his poor back told him he wasn’t going to be young and able to handle those sorts of shenanigans forever, not unless he was willing to put himself through the kind of rigorous training the likes of Tom Cruise did. Dean worked out to maintain his physique, but he wasn’t crazy.
They laughed. The three of them continued to make jokes and chat while they cleaned up the kitchen, prepped pies for the following day, and cleaned up again. Dean praised Castiel’s crust-making abilities, making his ears flush pink. Afterward, they went upstairs to the apartment and uncapped a second round of beers. Castiel, who’d been wandering around the room idly, noticed their DVD collection.
and what you say to me is ‘hi’?” He gestured at Dean from head to toe, indicating everything from his mating bite and courtship collar to the soft purple maternity dress he had on and the pregnancy itself. “What the fuck is this, Dean? I didn’t raise you to be somebody’s bitch!”
“I’ve left the door ajar. The only light is coming in from the hall, one single beam stabbing through the dark. I hear someone coming down the hallway, their footsteps slightly muffled from the carpet. My heart is beating faster and faster the closer they come, but I’m not afraid, I’m excited.” He took a breath, as if just recalling the dream was thrilling him all over again. “All I can see when he comes through the door is his silhouette, the light behind him almost blinding me. He puts a glass of wine in my hand and clinks it with his own—”
And his dick… His big, hard, ridged dick with its shiny red tip, pointing in a slight upward curve at the ceiling…
“I didn’t run away,” he said again, the tears falling freely. “I choose you. No matter what, it’s always gonna be you.”
“I suppose the thing that enthralls me the most… is how real the dreams seem,” he said, a bit hesitantly. “We’re not in a castle or the beach or anything like that, I’m in my apartment. I’m standing in my bedroom.”
“What is it?” asked Sam as he brought over their beer for the night. “You’ve been looking at your phone obsessively all day.”
He did, exhaling as Castiel pushed into him. Dean arched his back, moaning loud without holding anything back since there was no one to hear them. Cas covered Dean’s body with his own, taking his lips in a kiss as he slowly began to move.
A finger on the opposite side of his jaw turned his face back to Castiel who was looking at him with those blue eyes that saw all the way inside him. “You know that your past doesn’t matter to me, don’t you?”
The doctor kicked his feet off the desk and stood. Despite his smaller than average height, his presence seemed to fill the room. “At this point, I’m beginning to worry if
“I’ll admit, you need someone there to keep you honest,” Sam had said. “Otherwise, you’ll chicken out.”
“Yes, you are. You can stop doing that, I don’t want you to hurt yourself. Instead, I want you to take out the plug and put it in your mouth for safekeeping, then finger yourself the rest of the way home. Am I understood?”
At another time, Dean might have made a joke about how he didn’t share his food. Instead, he looked down at his feet and swallowed the bite with some difficulty. “What, um… we’ve never really talked about, you know… the future. Of our relationship.”
“Our bed currently has a couple of guests in it,” Cas reminded him, heading back to the armoire to put the tool away. “But we’ll go there at some point.” He turned back and held out his arms. “As long as you’re my good boy.”
“Cas—” he said, seriously, “—really, I’m fine. I predicted this. You can’t honestly expect to retain any level of control over yourself during rut. That’s why the hiatus is scheduled when it is, to allow for any healing that needs to happen.”
Cas gave a happy little wiggle that their close position did nothing to hide. Dean could feel the beginnings of a hard-on rubbing into the crack of his ass and shook his head fondly. He could foresee some sex in the back of the Impala in his near future and he didn’t need his enhanced intuition to know it.
They were just supposed to have another standoff, but Castiel pushed Dean hard, marching him backward until his back slammed against the wall of the barn. The surprise on Dean’s face was genuine, but the camera had followed them and Zeddmore didn’t cut, so they kept going.
His heart began to pound faster and faster the closer he came to the park, but he didn’t stop, didn’t turn around. No matter how hard this was for him, Castiel was doing something even harder and Dean owed it to him to be honest.
it, licking the words out of the alpha’s mouth until they were making out in the backseat like two teenagers. Castiel’s fingers threaded through his hair and Dean grabbed the lapel of his blazer. If they hadn’t been belted in, he might have straddled Castiel’s lap and given the driver a good show in the rearview.
“Yes. I’ve invited the whole crew out for drinks as my way of making up for the difficulties I inadvertently had a hand in,” he said with an easy smile that said he wasn’t repentant at all. “Are you free to come along? I heard you’re the one to ask if I had any questions about the show and I do so want the finale to be a success.”
“I can’t… resist you anymore, Dean, I’ve missed you so much,” he said, his voice full of longing. “Can I… Would you let me have you tonight?”
“I’m glad to hear that,” he said, beaming. “If possible, I’d like to speak with you alone at some point.”
He’d never done this before, but that didn’t seem to matter, nothing really mattered. Dean licked the tip, tasting a bit of wet sweetness, sweeter than the demon’s mouth had been. He needed more. He sucked the head into his mouth and moved up and down, only able to handle a few inches, he used his hand on the rest and there was still some space available. If he’d been thinking clearly, he might have developed something of a complex. For the moment, all that he could think about was getting Cas to come.
“I’ve never said anything because I didn’t want to get my brother riled up,” Sam said, leaning a bit closer to Gabe as if imparting a big secret, “but I’ve always found it really sexy to see an omega choose to kneel. Maybe it’s hardwired into alphas or something, but it really is beautiful to me.”
He couldn’t remember why he’d ever been against being with an alpha. This was by far the best relationship he’d ever been in – more exciting, more satisfying, more fulfilling in every way possible. If this whole day was a preview of what life as Castiel’s mate would be like, then Dean was all in.
“I can’t help it,” said Castiel, tugging at the collar of Dean’s shirt for better access to his shoulder. “Because aren’t you trusting me right now? Bringing me into your home, taking care of me, being vulnerable with your feelings… It’s so—”
would.” Turning enough in his seat to face Novak, he repeated, “I love him and I want to stay by his side. I don’t care about his condition.”
He was able to say “Mm?” in between moaning as he looked at Cas behind him out of the corner of his eye. What he wanted to say was ‘why’ because what he was asking for was pretty much meaningless. They both knew that Dean wasn’t a virgin, but for some reason, this scenario seemed important to Cas. He’d gone to such lengths to make it happen.
He chuckled darkly, using his thumb to spread the moisture beading at Dean’s tip. “Looks like you’re enjoying yourself.”
. Dean wailed as he came, every nerve ending in his body alight. He laid there against Castiel’s pillows breathing hard, his eyes going wide as he watched Cas swallow every bit of it down. “You… didn’t need to do that,” he said, blushing.
“I hope you’re ready,” he said, leaning over the omega again and bracing himself on either side of his head. “Because I can’t take this slow anymore.”
It was hot. So hot. And not in just the temperature sense. His brain was all fuzzy, like the best or the worst bender he’d ever been on. He couldn’t think straight. His insides felt like they were on fire. Dean’s chubby had quickly gone to full-mast and if the damp front of his underwear was any indication, he was well on his way to being desperate for release. Cas kissed him again and this time, Dean kissed him back. His mouth was so warm and soft, he tasted as sweet as he smelled. Dean’s hips began to move on their own, grinding up into an erection that seemed so much bigger than a normal human’s.
Cas helped him to turn and sit in his lap, which made Dean hiss as the pain was now a bright ache since he’d been pulled out of the fuzzy twilight world of sub-space. He put his arms around Castiel’s neck as he’d instructed and buried his face against his shoulder, desperately needing his alpha’s soothing scent as he whined high in his throat.
“Don’t you hear how silly that sounds?” Novak came forward and put his hands on Anna’s shoulders. “Sarah, choose me.”
“I give one to every guy I date,” said Meg. “Think of it as a beta’s way of marking her territory.” She and Castiel laughed at that, twisting the knife. “Are you ready to go to dinner?”
“Yep. She said Elvis was absolutely out of the question. Don’t know whether I’m upset or glad about that. At least it’s not a joint ceremony, but they’re still getting all the bells and whistles that we are.” He swallowed his bite. “I say ‘we’re’ doing the planning, but it’s mostly your mom at this point. She’s rented out a chapel with a freaking ballroom and she’s making their event planner’s life a living hell on the daily. I just consider myself lucky that I’m getting pie at my reception and a DJ that plays the music I like.”
She held his gaze like a predator, plastic smile firmly in place, before she turned back to Cas. “Keep up the good work, Castiel,” she said. “I’ll be in touch soon.”
Good morning. Sadly, I was too exhausted to dream about anything last night, let alone something that would help me get through the rest of this week, which is going to be hellish. There is so much I need to do, I just don’t want you to think I’m ignoring you. I will be thinking about you a lot, but I will not be able to respond as regularly as I have been. I hope you understand.
Nick tilted his head and narrowed his eyes slightly as if he suspected Dean might not be telling him the truth. Then he shrugged as if it didn’t matter. “Well, anyway, I came to ask if you knew where a guy could get a good drink where they play decent music.” He gestured to the radio, currently blaring Dean’s favorite classic rock station. “Like that.”
“Wonder what your dad will have to say when he finds out about this, too,” said Cas. “I learned a lot about you from him. He even apologized to me.” His brows drew together in an expression caught halfway between pity and pleading. “We’ve both been through enough, haven’t we? Let’s end this. Let it be over.”
“I feel really good about this one,” said Castiel as he shrugged out of his coat. His eyes were tired, but his smile was bright as he held up the pie box he’d brought.
Dean sent back: He says you’re the brother of his mate-to-be. Of course he’s going to provide the best hospitality he can.
Castiel shook his head. “I have no idea. But the desire is always there. The need to… just be free.” He lifted his head, casting his gaze over the tops of the trees where green met endless blue above. “I miss the sky.”
It was kind of a relief… Now Naomi had two other people to bother about a mating ceremony besides Dean and Cas. He just hoped she wouldn’t suggest a joint ceremony, Dean didn’t think Sam would go for that.
Leaning his cheek against his mate’s head, Dean closed his eyes, letting the alpha lead him around the dance floor in an easy sway. “I’m so happy. I don’t think this night could have gone any better,” he said, his mouth next to Castiel’s ear so he wouldn’t have to speak too loudly.
Dean thought, hurrying over and wrapping his big-little brother in a massive hug. Maybe if he acted like nothing was unusual, Sam would just go with the flow. “I’ve missed you so much,” he said, smiling.
“Oh, I was gonna get it one way or another, this is just convenient,” said Gabe. Handing Sam’s phone back to him, he turned to Dean, grinning enthusiastically. “Now, I’m thinking a tower of mini-cupcakes in blue and pink in addition to a full-size cake.”
of all people, naked and in bed? He tried to fight past the pain in his head to remember what he’d been doing last night. The cast and crew had gone drinking, that much came back to him easily, but then why was he
“Caaasss…” he slurred, drool dribbling out of his mouth. His alpha smelled like rage and alarm, but mostly he just smelled
Cas helped him up and hurried him out to the hall. John called after them with a note of concern, but Castiel growled over his shoulder at him, telling him unequivocally that his part in the conversation was over, whether he liked it or not.
Despite it being his first time taking anything more than a finger, the head of Cas’ cock went in surprisingly easy, probably from the combination of Dean’s blowjob and the magic moisture leaking out between his cheeks. Contrary to what he expected, the demon was gentle, easing into him slowly.
It was agony to watch himself pull down his sodden panties and see them fall from his thighs to around his ankles, laying on top of his new heels. It made him feel like such a slut, a greedy omega bitch who couldn’t wait for his needy hole to be fucked, but a very large part of him loved it and reveled in feeling - as Cas had said - so naughty. Dean’s face went red and his breath picked up, fogging the mirror in front of him as he grabbed the gold frame around it and held on. He knew without being told that he was not to let go until his alpha said he could.
He didn’t look at the alpha as he got out and shut the door. Above him, the day was dawning bright and clear and totally at odds with how he felt. The car made a U-turn and Dean continued on in the opposite direction, pulling his cell out of his pocket and dialing his most recently added contact.
Sam shook his head and went back to mixing. “Whatever, man. I think you should stick with what you know. Pie is what you’re good at.”
, Dean,” he said, emphatically. “You have such strength and you freely give it to everyone who needs it. You are so full of love and kindness.”
His hand landed on his phone, which had fallen out of his pants pocket when he’d taken them off. Swiping it open, he saw that it was on mute and he had missed a call approximately every fifteen minutes since late last night. Cas had tried to call him all night long. Dean could hardly breathe.
“While fornication is still a sin,” the priest was saying while Dean got his tongue sucked, “it was in the past that the church frowned upon homosexual relationships. I think you’ll be relieved to know that this is no longer the case.”
“Well, buckle down and make sure you work hard at studying,” said Dean. “Just because you have a job in entertainment is no excuse for failing in school.”
That brought him up short. Earlier, he’d been upset when he’d thought this was a one-time thing. But Dean was uncertain about what… all
“I’m supposed to ‘get you out of my system,’ aren’t I?” Thank God he didn’t use the finger quotes. He walked around to the head of the bed and sat down, sliding underneath Dean. “Ideally, I would have wanted to get you prepared in the bathroom prior to this, but we’ll have to make do with the condom stash.” He wrapped his arms around Dean’s thighs and pulled back. “Come on. Move down.”
What they didn’t know was if all of this would be enough to scare Naomi into deleting the videos for good. That was what led them to facing down Chuck Shurley himself at the parent company.
Pieman79: It’s fine if you’re writing a formal letter with ink and quill. Are you also wearing a bonnet? Has Netherfield been let at last?
Castiel flashed his vibrantly blue eyes at Dean and the knight tried to appear nonchalant, desperately hoping his face wasn’t turning red. It was painfully obvious that feelings and talking about them were not his forte, but he didn’t retract his offer. At first, Dean thought the prince might refuse or else ignore him entirely, but then he sighed.
After his first mouthful, Castiel wilted, sinking back into his pillows on a satisfied moan. “That’s
Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Castiel was so supportive of him being exactly who he was and never asked him to change a thing, despite him being so different than what most people considered the omega ‘ideal.’
Moving slowly, Cas gently worked his index finger in up to the first joint, rotating and easing Dean into the stretch. Dean breathed out, concentrating on releasing the ring of muscle that instinctively wanted to tighten, allowing Cas entry up to his first knuckle.
“Ah, yes, of course,” he said, but he was backing off. “I’ll, uh, I’ll go re-read my script with that in mind. I left it, um, over there...” He hurried in the opposite direction.
, for heaven’s sake. Unless… that comment about not being the first man Dean had ever been with had turned him off. Was that it? He had seemed pretty possessive, after all.
Dean happily rolled over, shoving the damp blanket out of the way, glad to be able to put his arms around his alpha. When he was settled again, their legs entwined as their heads shared the same pillow, Cas answered him.
“Yes, I can. And I am. I’m tired of living the way I’ve been taught I should. I want to live my own life. I will always love my family, but I choose happiness.” He looked to his side and smiled. “And for me, that’s Dean. He’s the man I love.”
Wet, sloppy sounds filled the room as Cas drove into him at a steady, hard pace, leaning over Dean to take each nipple in his mouth and tease with his lips and tongue, pinching the other with his fingers. His hot breath raised goosebumps all over Dean’s skin. It was beautiful, their bodies crashing together, so incredibly alive and so, so good.
Cas coaxed him, breathlessly. Dean didn’t understand the word he’d used, but he’d said it so sweetly. “Come all over me.”
“Hey, Clarence!” an approaching sing-song voice broke in, which Dean recognized as Meg. She’d taken to calling him that from time to time since he played an angel on TV. Dean hated it, that someone else had a nickname for Cas. “You forgot this!”
Panic surged through Ramiel, his eyes searching as he tried to think of what to do. “Bast, shake it off, this isn’t you,” he said, tense.
He whined, high in his throat, something else he never did, but despair welled heavily in his gut, demanding an outlet. He was a terrible omega, how could he do such a thing to his alpha? Castiel would reject him now, he was sure of it. And Dean would deserve it too, after behaving like a wild beast.
It was traditional for the alpha to make the omega orgasm first during the ceremony, to symbolize how they would always take care of their needs, but it was rare for it to happen with a blow job. Too many alphas saw it as demeaning, things like that were normally reserved for in private if at all, they usually just got straight to the fucking and waited to come second. Cas had wanted it to happen this way. Because Dean would submit and defer to him for the rest of their lives, the alpha had wanted to present himself as his servant during the ceremony, to show his gratitude and devotion.
With arousal clouding his brain, Dean looked at him, confused. No, of course not, how could that be anything close to satisfaction…
Sitting up, Dean brought his arms around Cas and kissed him as they turned, lying Castiel down on his back, propped up slightly by the pillows. Dean kissed along Castiel’s jaw, his five o’clock shadow scraping his lips like fine granular sugar, down his neck to where it met his shoulder. When Cas moaned, Dean lingered there for a moment, swirling his tongue to see if he could illicit more delicious sounds. Further teasing with his teeth produced a pulse down below. Oh, that was a
“You’re not regretting it, are you?” asked Dean, his guilt pricking him a bit, since it was basically his information on the fan base that had led to such a drastic change for the show.
“Wow.” Dean shook his head. “I don’t think I want to see my brother and his mate like that, though maybe being around your family would change my point of view. Or at least desensitize me.”
Gabe grinned brightly and hurriedly unbuttoned Sam’s pants so he could get started. Inwardly, Dean smiled. He knew his brother was the kind of alpha to put his mate’s needs first, no matter what. If he was going to be a part of this family, Sam was going to have to be more comfortable demonstrating his dominance publicly. It was what a strong omega like Gabriel needed and Sam knew that. It swelled Dean’s heart with pride, watching his little brother put his own discomfort aside for the sake of the one he’d grown to love. It told him more than anything else how far his relationship with Gabe had progressed.
“Yes, thank you,” said Cas. He turned to Dean. “Since we’re keeping our choices a secret, I’ll be viewing options in another room. You’ll be out here and I want you to wait for me if you finish first. Am I understood?”
Without checking to see if they were following, he led the way back to the kitchen, again ignoring the party guests who were all in an uproar but parted for them as they passed. There was a crowd around the doorway now, but no one was brave enough to go all the way in. Dean elbowed through the traffic jam, forcing his way into the kitchen.
“That’s why you’ve been making me say what I want out loud, even from the very beginning,” Dean realized.
Castiel’s brows were drawn together, his expression uncertain, his eyes the color of a cloudless sky. “Dean,” he repeated, softly.
Hands shaking, he moved to do as he was told, undoing the button, lowering the zipper, and reaching inside his underwear to pull out the half-hard cock.
“No, it’s fine. Just...where do we want to do this?  My room?  Somewhere not here? I don’t know what you’re thinking.”
This is the last main chapter of this story.  There is a short epilogue to follow that closes it all out...
Dean carried Rum into an exam room where they were joined by a bubbly blonde named Becky, who’s voice set Dean’s teeth on edge. She asked multiple questions as she cleaned the wound and also made creepy comments about Dean’s muscle mass. She even implied that he would be hotter if he grew his hair out. Dean almost laughed at that—no way would he ever have long girly hair like Sammy. When she finally left, Cas looked Dean in the eyes and said, “I apologize for Becky.  She’s my father’s latest girlfriend, and I have to put up with her...oddness.”
Pushing down the wave of guilt rushing over him, Sam looked over to the main table and saw that the museum’s head curator was pushing his chair back and starting to head up to the podium.  The show must go on, and all that. That must mean it was almost eight at night. He shot a look at his watch to confirm and then refocused. Sam tracked Zachariah Adler as he climbed the five steps to the raised platform where he would begin making the evening’s speeches.
A beat, and then two. Seconds ticked by as Dean took in the brightness of Cas’ eyes, losing himself once more in their clarity. They looked even better today than they had on the day they’d met. Dean wondered what the rest of Cas’ face looked like. “I should go,” Dean said reluctantly.
“Of course I don’t you utter moron,” Crowley rolled his eyes fondly at his friend.  “But Juliet’s behavior is my responsibility. I’m paying. And if you argue again, I’ll curse you. My mother taught me a few things before that crazy witch disappeared.”
At this point, Dean was beyond furious.  He didn’t understand how Cas could brush his feelings off in such a way.  He wanted to go back to the event, grab his boyfriend by the lapels of his suit and shake him.  But now was not the time, or the place. He would wait, bide his time. They could figure this all out after they were home and both of them had time to cool off.  He silently thanked Gabriel for allowing him the use of his office to just get away from it all for a moment. He knew that if he had stayed there surrounded by people, an open bar, and the last words Cas had said, things would end badly.  He didn’t want to say something he would regret in the morning.
Once they had both been fully spent, they rested a moment, their sweaty foreheads leaning together, and Cas’ dick still snug inside of Dean’s sore and stretched hole. After a moment, Cas shifted and gently leaned forward to lay Dean down on the mattress.
Castiel captured his mouth in a sweet first kiss.  When their lips touched, Dean felt the zing all the way to his toes. It was unlike anything he’d ever experienced—like being hit by lightning, but it felt so
The harder he bounced on Cas’ cock, the more he moaned and the faster Cas stroked Dean’s own dick. “Cas,” he gasped. “I’m gonna—I’m gonna—I—“
No one knew what had set Juliet off, but thankfully Crowley had snatched her up and was holding her to his chest. The shorter man was cradling his little hell beast and murmuring to her. “That was very naughty my little duchess.  Why would you be so mean to your friend Rumsfeld, sweet girl?”
It was a terrifying thought for Dean, but he managed to push the fear down deep and keep reaching out, yearning for more connection.  Luckily, Cas seemed to be on the same page. It was as though they were addicted to each other.
When Sam didn’t stir, Dean picked up a pillow and whipped it at his brother’s prone body.  “Sammy!  Wake the fuck up!”
...perhaps we should exchange phone numbers.  You know,” Cas hurried on, “In case you need to reach me for Rum during the weekend.”
Castiel’s eyes went wide with hurt but he didn’t speak.  Dean turned away and moved through the tables with as much dignity as he could muster.  He tried to ignore all of the eyes watching him as he made his retreat. At least he had the last word.
The archangel was dressed in his usual clothes, but they were covered by a ruffled, polka dot apron. He was bent over, and pulling yet another cake out of the oven with giant mitts and whistling. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard to Dean.
“No,” the angel said firmly. “In order to fully complete the Bond, you must carry the nephilim of the angel you are bound to. If not, the bond will dissolve.”
As soon as the words left his lips, Cas yanked him up using that angelic strength and the air was punched out of Dean’s lungs as he was resettled in Cas’ lap, the angel’s large prick never leaving him.
They turned the corner and walked through the large archway into the library. Dean’s brain screeched to a halt when he saw his brother bent over a table, completely naked and moaning out a certain archangel’s name.
to see him. Dean wrinkles his nose in contemplation. That sounded a lot like a crush, and he hadn’t even managed to get the guy’s name.
“One of my many talents,” Dean snarked.  He was getting progressively more pissed off as each minute ticked by.
For the rest of the day, Dean did all that he could to be helpful for his uncle through the doctor’s visit and again when they got home and began Bobby’s physical therapy. As they worked on stretching Bobby’s atrophied muscles, Dean kept up a steady stream of small talk that he hoped would fool the man who’d raised him. He knew it was a lost cause, but Bobby must have taken pity on him, because no word was uttered about Dean’s odd behavior until it was time for him to head home.
As the couple sat down with forks to eat the treat straight out of the container, a loud moan echoed down the hall that sounded suspiciously like Sam. Dean shook his head and forced himself to ignore it. “You know what?  That’s not even going to kill my appetite,” he told Cas. “Because this looks fucking perfect.”
Dean stomped around the small bed and breakfast that they had rented out for the day as he fumed. Today was the day that he and Castiel were finally getting married.
Once Dean was comfortable, Castiel slowly pulled out of him, trickles of thick, milky cum trailing along. Once Cas had moved away, he pressed a finger to Dean’s puffy, sore hole and something there felt warm and soothing against the raw skin.
“Do you want my child, Dean?  Do you want me to fill you with my seed and bring new life made from both of us?”
.  Bigger than he’d been expecting. Was he really going to do this?  Take an angel dick in the ass and let Cas get him pregnant?  Dean hadn’t even really considered the implications of
“Rum!” Dean shouted as he saw the large dog barreling toward a person who was exiting a hideous mustard colored Lincoln Continental.
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. Fuck, this felt amazing, finally being able to have his angel in this way. Surprisingly, he found himself eager to please and actually wanting to feel Cas shoot his load inside of him.
. Dean had never seen eyes like Castiel’s. They just drew him in like a damn magnet and made him want to lose himself there.
Normally, when Dean prayed, Cas would arrive in seconds, the sound of his rustling wings filling the room as he appeared at Dean’s side. But today, nothing happened.
They both moved in unison, unconsciously.  Cas’ hands, gripped him, one sliding around Dean’s waist and the other controlling his neck. Allowing himself to be moved, Dean’s fingers went for Cas’ hair, eager to make it messier than it normally was.  Castiel’s dark locks were so soft, and Dean smiled as they moved closer.
“Uh huh,” Bobby said, eyeing him.  “Go on then, get home. And make sure you call me so I know you’re not dead in a snowdrift, got me?”
All in all, their friendship was progressing between the calls, texts, and occasional run-ins around their building.  For the first time in his life, Dean felt good about how things were going. He’d never dated much because he hated taking the time to get to know someone on a deep and meaningful level. Between caring for Bobby, and looking out for Sam, Dean was a busy man.
Dean bit his lip and glanced around the table.  Everyone was staring at him and looking embarrassed.  Only Bartholomew was trying to hide a smile, his cold eyes twinkling with a sick sort of glee.  It made Dean want to vomit on him. “Fine,” he said, shoving his chair back roughly. He moved himself out of Gabriel’s grasp and looked down at Cas.  His fiancée was watching him with incredible sadness in his perfect blue eyes. He took a breath and then spat out, “This is all your fault you know.”
It took a moment, as he fumbled with his key—it always stuck oddly in the slot, but he couldn’t be bothered to request a new one. Pulling out the stack of mail with a grimace, Dean internally groaned at the return address of the first envelope. It was another bill for Bobby’s latest lab work.
What he didn’t realize was that he was beginning to draw some attention from the surrounding tables. “Back off, Cas,” he snapped.
The door suddenly opened to reveal Bobby, dressed in an old moth eaten suit, trying to look put out, but failing miserably. He stepped aside to reveal an embarrassed looking Sam and a smirking Gabriel.  “Where have you two been?” Castiel asked sternly. “We were supposed to start fifteen minutes ago.”
Two years later, at their wedding, Dean met Castiel at the altar and lost himself in laughter at the sight of his husband-to-be proudly wearing his bumblebee mask with his tuxedo.
“Dean.”  The sound of his own name in that rough voice made his knees quake. “I’d imagined what you would look like,” Cas said.  “But I didn’t do you justice.  Dean, you are simply
So here they were, wandering around the main exhibit hall of the city’s museum wearing suits and ties and horribly uncomfortable shoes.  As far as Dean was concerned, the only good thing about this whole situation was that there was an open bar. When they first arrived, he had made straight for it, hoping that a strong spirit would make this whole night a little more bearable.  Cas had tried to cut him off after three and asked him not to make a scene.
Bobby and Crowley even commented on Dean’s phone use.  They’d asked if the device had been glued to his hand and Crowley offered to surgically remove it with a laugh. Dean flipped him off, but smiled. He could take the teasing.
“Dean,” Cas snapped at him.  He was using his super serious, royally pissed off voice.  Dean knew that Castiel was fuming and he tried to remember if he cared.  He was so angry that they were even here. He was mad that Cas had sort of forced him into attending this event, all in the name of ‘moving on.’  He couldn’t remember why he had let Cas talk him into this because it was a stupid fucking idea. Deep down, he could register that he was being a complete asshole, but he childishly wanted to punish Cas for the entire situation.  Bartholomew’s words were cutting him to his very core. He was just lashing out to protect himself.
“Um, Cas?” Sam finally spoke, though his eyes were focused on Gabriel.  “He didn’t tell us much besides we were mates to angels and had to have babies?”
“Intercourse is the most common way to create life,” Cas said.  “Though it might be possible to merge your soul with my grace.  I don’t know if I could create a proper container for it to grow in, however. Perhaps Gabriel could...I don’t want to bother him now though, he’s rather busy.”
know that.  But Dean was more inclined to stay locked in his soon-to-be brother-in-law’s office for the time being.  At least until the guest of honor left for the night. He thought back to his time with Bartholomew and knew that the other man never stayed long, even at his own events.  Dean figured he had another twenty minutes or so until the speeches were done and he’d be safe to come out without running into his ex again.
The grooms leaned in for a quick, chaste kiss.  “We’re not at that part yet,” Gabriel stage whispered.  Dean chuckled when Sam elbowed his boyfriend in the ribs for his comment.
“Ew, Dean, really?” Sam wrinkled his nose as they began their own trek up the aisle to meet Cas and Gabriel.
“Well, I’ll let you get back to your evening walk,” Castiel said, his eyes sparkling behind the mask. Dean wished he could see the guy’s whole face. Maybe one day, if things ever went back to the way they had been.  Maybe.
Dean knew that he didn’t have much time and he was going to have to do everything he could to fix this.  He had to find a way to get ahold of Sam and get on top of this situation. Dean Winchester had known when they first arrived, that this was going to be an epically shitty night.  He just had no idea how bad it was going to get before it was over.
His angel had picked up the pace and was grunting in Dean’s ear as he fucked him.  The strong, deep thrusts hit that perfect spot every damn time and Dean was moaning and sobbing Cas’ name.  Who knew that being fucked felt so amazing. He was almost regretful that he’d never done it before, though he knew that he was so grateful that Castiel was his first.
Huffing out a breath, Dean’s eyes narrowed at the thought of Bartholomew.  None of this was actually Cas’ fault. If anything, it was Bartholomew’s. Dean knew that, deep down.  But it was easier to take out his anger on his current lover; even though he knew that was six shades of fucked up.  He owed Castiel an apology. He just wasn’t ready to give it yet. Maybe later, he’d call his brother Sam, and convince him to go out for a few drinks.  That way, he wouldn’t have to face Cas until the morning—Dean was awesome at avoidance. He also knew that Sammy would be there for him, as long as he wasn’t working.  Sam knew more about the situation that most people.
Cas leaned down to kiss him sweetly before helping Dean off of the bed.  In the blink of an eye, they were dressed again, Dean in comfortable flannel pants and a soft grey shirt; while Cas was back in his holy tax accountant attire. Somehow, it didn’t look so nerdy on the angel now—it looked...
He felt the heat of a blush on the apples of his cheeks and the back of his neck.  “Damn, Cas. You’re one to talk.  Have you
“I’ll take him,” Dean said. He didn’t want to make Bobby go out when he’d already had a rough day of therapy. “I will call you and keep you updated the whole time.”  Secretly, inside, he was giddy over the fact that he finally knew Castiel’s last name. Cas Novak. Castiel Winchester. Cas Novak-Winchester. Dean Novak.
Dean was dumbfounded. He almost forgot what was happening, until Cas hit that perfect place inside of him and Dean groaned deeply.  “Oh, yes. Feels so good when you fuck me, Cas.  Want you. Want more.”
“No.  No worries,” Dean said. He moved to the side and skirted the edge of the wall, allowing Cas access to the mailboxes. “I should go.  It was good to see you again, Cas.”
The endearment was surprising, yet appreciated and Dean could only nod. For a few moments they just stayed motionless, their eyes locked.  “Cas,” Dean breathed.
Sam watched his brother stalk out of the room and disappear though the double doors that led back toward the staff hallway.  Everything inside of him screamed to follow Dean and make sure he was okay, but he knew that he couldn’t. He had a job to focus on right now.  He couldn’t go changing the game plan just because Dean was having what looked like a minor nervous breakdown in public.
“Woah,” Dean held up his hands and thought about bolting, but the look on Cas’ face stopped him. “I don’t think anyone is ready for kids just yet, Cas. We can slow down.”
Bobby’s nearest neighbor was a snarky British man named Crowley.  He had a weird sort of love/hate relationship with Bobby, and the sentiment was mirrored in their dogs. Rumsfeld was a big hound, but mostly docile.  Crowley’s dog, Juliet, was a miniature pinscher, and quite possibly the meanest little thing ever created. Of course, Crowley loved her more than anything and brought her with him wherever he went.
going on.  Turned out that he was absolutely right. People were focusing on their families and their health, rather than who they could pick up at a local bar while there was still time. Eventually, the country went into varying degrees of quarantine and traditional social and dating rituals were now a thing of the past.
At least the roads were slick enough to require concentration, and he didn’t think about the mysterious masked stranger until he was home and in bed. As he drifted off to sleep, his mind was filled with thoughts of sparkling blue eyes.
The mask might look ridiculous, but it wasn’t like he was the only one running around with one. Most of the people that Dean encountered throughout the day were wearing one, and for that he was grateful.  Sure, they were confining, and the few times that he had to wear his reading glasses with one on, they fogged up, which was beyond irritating—but he refused to complain. Wearing a mask could be the thing that kept Uncle Bobby safe.
“Excellent,” Cas said. “I know that Rumsfeld has a tendency to lick, so I also recommend a cone for a few days.”
When Dean left the vet’s office with a pouting hound dog, all he could think about was the brand new phone number in his contact list.
“What?” Adler squeaked.  That was all he got out before Bartholomew pulled the trigger, emptying three bullets into the curator’s chest.
Cas moved his hands and they came to rest on Dean’s sides.  He gave a tug with his fingers and Dean instinctively allowed himself to be moved. Pulling him away from the door, Cas gently guided Dean into the room toward the bed. When they reached the mattress, Dean sat down and moved backward so that he was laying across the bed.  His legs were spread just slightly, enough for Cas to slot his own legs between as he covered Dean with his body.
” Sam gasped. Dean didn’t blame him, that was some damn awful information. Gabriel was the worst—he was always bouncing around and telling dumb jokes, stuffing his face with candy and hitting on Sam. Feeling sorry for his younger brother, Dean awkwardly patted Sam’s shoulder in a poor excuse for comfort.
He looked up at his little brother and grinned. “Nah,” he said. “Not really. Although it was a dick move of you to sully my wedding limo. I had plans for that, and now I can’t because your jizz might be on the seats.”
The elevator was too slow and Dean ran down the two flights of stairs to Cas’ door.  He raised his hand to knock and the door swung open to reveal the eyes that he’d been dreaming of for so long.
“Okay, let’s go.”  Dean clipped the leash on Rum, but the giant hound wouldn’t move. Rolling his eyes, Dean scooped the massive dog into his arms with a grunt and carried him out to the car. “You’re such a drama queen Rum.”
Both of the angel’s faces fell dramatically. If Dean didn’t know Gabe any better he’d say the guy was actually upset. Dean snorted at the obvious ploy of the archangel and turned to Cas, only to have his breath punched out of him at the devastation that was apparent in Castiel’s eyes.
Castiel smiled.  “Well, Dean,” he said. “I’d like to think that these months have helped me know you. Most likely more of you than you share with people who aren’t your family. And I wanted this to be perfect.”
Dean threw the mail on the kitchen counter when he got up to his place and sighed. Why was he so awkward around this man?  Usually he was a bonafide Casanova with people of any gender identity. What made him act like a middle schooler with Castiel.
“Great, let's go,” Dean said, thankful that Cas was allowing him to walk instead of angel zap to his own digs.
“Take a look at this.”  Dean tapped his fingers on the medallion, making a small sound that had Sam sitting straight up in bed.
“Hey there, Cas,” Dean smiled at the man who was exactly six feet from him. “I didn’t see you there.”
“And you, most likely, Dean.”  Before Dean could react, Samandriel’s palm was on his chest and a different sort of light crackled in the room. This one more muted than Sam’s and of a colder source, more silver and blue than golden and white. “Ah,” Samandriel said, stepping away.  “It is good to see that you have completed the previous bond. This is excellent news. I didn’t want Castiel to perish.”
.  Dean came in thick ropes of cum that spurted awkwardly between them.  “Oh, Cas!”  The muscles in his ass clamped down hard, and suddenly he felt Cas join him in release.
“Cas!” Dean said, trying to keep his voice calm.  “What the fuck is going on? I thought I heard gunshots.”
“My good boy,” Cas murmured between leaving his marks. “What a good boy you are for me, Dean. You ride my cock like you were born for it. You like it don’t you,” Cas grunted. “You love having a big cock up your ass, don’t you, Dean.”
“Aw, Samshine,” Gabe dramatically placed a hand over his heart.  “Way to make an angel feel special. Come on,” he grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand and get to making our little winged abominations, shall we?”
The round, silver disc was stuck to the skin of his chest.  If there had been a cord around his neck, Dean would have assumed he’d picked up a weird looking necklace on his drunken adventures the previous night. But there was no cord, and the metal seemed to be fused into his skin. It was unsettling enough that he grunted his brother’s name.
Jo’s mother, Ellen, smiled at their antics before touching them both lightly on the shoulder and raising her eyebrows in a silent question. When Dean nodded at her, Ellen stood straight and addressed the crowd.
Cas nodded. “I have a background in large animal veterinary medicine,” he said. “But I do prefer working with people’s pets. My practice is for most small animals. I do get the occasional rabbit, bird or snake on top of the dogs and cats.”  He paused for a moment, “My brother, Gabriel, runs an alpaca rescue just outside of town and I do the veterinary work for him, but he’s my only large animal client.”
.  He didn’t even consider the fact that people’s facial features could be so distorted by a mask that covered the mouth and nose, until he met
That low rumble sent shivers through his body and Dean looked up to see Castiel watching him from behind his mask. What stood out the most to Dean was that he wasn’t wearing a hat today and a full head of tousled black hair was visible. It looked like the vet had just rolled out of bed—after a damn good night.  It made something roll in Dean’s gut and he steadfastly pushed down the odd feeling that screamed ‘
So, as I was writing this and I realized that I kept having all of them lose their guns ("skittering across the floor") and I thought, "Even I know that isn't realistic..."  HOWEVER--I have decided that since the scarecrow dude, Fritz, mentioned it in 5.9 "The Real Ghostbusters" that it's canon, so there we go.  The boys lose their weapons and totally should have a bungee--I respect you Fritz.
“I don’t fucking know, but you have one too,” Dean could feel the remaining bit of color drain from his face.
They both shifted their feet and watched one another. Dean could seem to tear his eyes away from Castiel and Cas was the same. They were just gazing into each other’s eyes in some sort of erotically charged staring contest. Dean felt ridiculous, but he couldn’t stop. He took an unconscious step forward and the spell seemed to break as Cas took a backward one. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
There was another faint pop and the sound of collective raised voices.  Dean pulled on the door just as his cell phone began to ring. It was Castiel’s custom sound.  Dean fumbled with his pockets and pulled the phone out, looking blankly at the screen for a split second.  Cas’ name and picture were flashing at him. Dean pressed the green button on the screen and the call came to life.
The younger angel ducked his head.  “My apologies, Castiel. I did not know why they were praying when I answered the call.”
As Castiel walked away, head bent against the wind, Dean watched his every move. Once the veterinarian was inside of the building, Dean looked down at Rumsfeld who was staring at him and panting. It almost looked as though the old dog was smiling.
Crowley also happened to be Bobby’s physician and would occasionally stop by for house calls, despite the lockdown. He excused it by saying that he was checking in on his favorite patient, but Dean knew that it was most likely a combination of loneliness and the fact that the sassy doctor was just a little bit infatuated with Bobby Singer.
To his embarrassment, Dean whimpered and nodded. Fuck, he wasn’t lying—he did love it. He wanted to have Cas’ dick up his ass all the time. One fucking round and he was addicted to angel cock.
Dean was well and truly screwed. He had a sneaking suspicion that he was going to have some sleepless nights because of that voice. It’d be worth it.  “I really am sorry,” he managed finally. “I’m just in a rush, I’ve got an appointment.”
who had apparently had the apartment before him, and a flyer for a discount on an oil change—as though he’d let someone else touch his car.  The very idea was ridiculous.
that the rest of Castiel’s features were going to be just as stunning as the man’s eyes. He knew it.
Dean Winchester raked his hand across his cheek and collapsed in the plush desk chair.  It creaked and moved under his weight and he settled back into it as comfortably as he could.  He swept his legs up and let them fall heavily to the top of the ornate desk, knocking some of the contents to the ground.  His face was blank as he watched a framed photo fall to the floor with his movements. There was a twinge of guilt, but he didn’t bend down to retrieve the picture.  Shaking his head and glaring at the empty room around him, Dean took in the sight of Gabriel’s overly decorated office.
Dean groaned as Cas nodded and put a hand on his shoulder. “Let’s leave them to it. What about some food? I need to keep you and our baby well sustained.”
Okay, maybe he cared about the fact that he had a dick up his ass and he wasn’t being fucked.  That was going to have to be remedied—and fast.
Again, their lips met, still soft, though Cas managed to coax Dean’s mouth open so that he could slip his tongue inside. The moment that the tips of their tongues brushed was fucking electric and Dean moaned loudly. “That’s my good boy,” Cas whispered.
Cas watched him, as he shrugged off that stupid trench coat that Dean had come to love.  When Cas turned and began to walk toward him, loosening his tie, Dean’s mouth went dry. How could something so innocuous pull him apart this easily?
After that, Dean lost count of how many times they had met.  They spoke on the phone almost every night and texted during the day.  Dean had never spent so much time on his phone before in his life. Not even when Sammy went off to college and Dean played the worrywart big brother who wanted constant updates on his siblings status. He blamed the fact that they had lost both of their parents so young, but he knew that he was just a bit overbearing.
Dean began to lose count of how many times he had requested a refill for his scotch.  He knew that both Cas and Charlie were watching him, and he didn’t care. If he was going to sit here and listen to his ex-boyfriend verbally shit on him all night, he was going to get blind drunk.  Most of the others at the table were attempting to eat their meals silently and ignore the barbs that Bartholomew kept slinging at him and Cas. It was awkward, to say the least, and it was making Dean sweat.  He had hardly touched the perfectly rare steak on the plate in front of him. Dean emptied his glass and waved his hand to signal a nearby waiter for another.
Thankfully, Castiel didn’t comment on it, he simply smiled and said, “It’s a pleasure to put a face to a name. I would shake hands, but in the current climate,” he trailed off.
Unsurprisingly, due to the man’s sweet tooth, there was a small, crystal dish with wrapped chocolates inside sitting on the corner of Gabe’s desk.  Dean plucked one out and played with it for a moment before unwrapping it and popping it into his mouth. While he was in here sulking, he knew that Gabriel would be giving a lecture to Cas about their shared behavior.  After all, this was Gabe’s place of business, and he couldn’t afford to have a charity event mucked up because his brother got into a fight with his slightly inebriated boyfriend. Dean knew that he’d get a dressing down from the shorter man as soon as he slunk back to the party as well.  Gabriel certainly had a way with words for situations like this. Cas had told him stories about the two of them growing up together. Dean wasn’t looking forward to Gabe’s wrath.
A rare, bright smile graced Cas’ lips at Dean’s words and it affected him more than he wanted to admit. They gazed into each other’s eyes for a few moments before Dean cleared his throat and said, “How
He used the knife to expertly cut a slice, which he broke in half and handed one across the table. Dean took a small bite (he had
To quote you, six of one, half dozen of the other. Getting that drunk was a very bad idea. But I also said some things last night that were truly appalling.
Slowly, he got up behind Dean, giving him plenty of time to say no, that he didn’t want to be mounted like some needy omega bitch, but he was silent aside from his heavy breathing. Castiel thrust inside him hard, his hands at Dean’s slender waist, pulling him back to meet him each time. Their bodies slammed together and Dean had to grab onto the edges of the mattress in order to keep from moving upward on the bed.
“God, a Novak Easter,” said Dean, shaking his head. “You know, I’m never going to remember all those fancy angel names your parents went with. I got the first four since we had them represented on
to do. You said that for the first time, you’ve got feelings. Part of that experience is want. So, what do you
“There were synthetic rut pheromones in that package,” Sam explained in a rush. “I could smell them. Since his heat is so close, it was triggered instantly.”
“I, I’m, uh, I’m still here,” Sam stuttered, clearly thrown. “Whoa. Uh. Shit, Dean, I don’t even know what to say.”
When he stumbled into the bedroom, Cas was already on the bed, sitting up against the headboard. Framing him were his wings, spread out on either side of him, thick and lush and, as Dean knew, soft. Cas’ head was tilted back, showing off the long line of his throat, and Dean needed to
pretty, lucky you!” She came down to the business end of the bed, pulling on a set of medical gloves. “So, we have a late preterm labor. Shouldn’t be a problem, but we’ll want to make sure everything goes smoothly to avoid complications. Let’s just see how far along you are…” Dr Rowena ducked her head briefly beneath the sheet and examined Dean’s cloaca, then she double-checked the chart. As she pulled off the gloves, she gave Dean one of those smiles that was meant to be reassuring but said that something unexpected was occurring. “Alright, things are happening fairly quickly for you!”
Granted, the fighting had been happening more and more ever since he’d moved away to college, the pent-up frustration and anger becoming so intense that it eventually spilled over into some kind of violence. And it wasn’t always the other person who started it. He had to admit that there had been times when he’d purposely picked a fight – he just hadn’t always been smart about the location. Fighting in the college commons area over hustling some pool had become too regular of an occurrence… but damn, was it satisfying.
He surged down and kissed the omega fiercely, pinning him down while his tongue plundered his mouth, dominating him. A note of triumph entered his scent, like he’d come out the victor in some kind of battle. Or, more like there was a prize that he’d won. It was understandable, even if it was a little silly, Dean felt like a winner as well.
He tucked himself into Castiel’s side and hesitantly draped his arm over the alpha’s middle. Castiel stretched out his neck, offering it to Dean, who buried his face against it, breathing in that rich scent. A purr started up in his chest like a tiny chainsaw. Castiel’s hand found Dean’s head, cradling it gently and tracing his fingers through his hair.
They left quickly and Dean couldn’t help but feel they’d dodged a bullet, but that thought didn’t bring much comfort. Not when Castiel emerged from the office with his head bowed and his shoulders hunched, looking so small and guilt-ridden, it broke Dean’s heart. The door of the office closed with a sense of finality, but things were far from over.
He let go of Dean’s arms. “Understood.” His hands encircled the omega’s neck, the long, thick fingers making a perfect collar, pulling Dean back against him as he continued to thrust. “Does it hurt?” he said, a growl deep in his voice. “I don’t want to completely cut off your air.”
proving that you are a worthy mate. Remember, I’m still training you. I’m not expecting you to be perfect at all times. Mistakes will be made. I know you’re still learning how to ask for what you need, but in this case, I think I should have noticed before you were literally ready to tear your hair out.” He smiled gently. “Now. Go get your book and turn it to the relevant page then give it to me. I’m going to help you study.”
He glared at the woman with the pretty face, all large blue eyes and honey-highlighted hair. “You’re the one who took the picture,” he surmised. “Pleased with yourself?”
Closing the door after them, Dean grabbed Castiel by the lapels of his trench coat and gently pulled him in, kissing him slowly, smiling against his lips when Cas opened his mouth at once. While Dean distracted him with his tongue, he eased the coat from Castiel’s shoulders, letting it fall.
“That fucker!” He’d done it while Dean had been talking to the doctor. “How’d he manage it so fast?”
“It looks fantastic,” he gushed. “You’ll have to tell my daddy where you got it, I’m sure he’ll want something similar for me.” Dean turned to Adam who was wearing a t-shirt beneath a button-down and a jacket with alpha-style jeans. Lots of layers, which, to Dean, was a non-verbal ‘keep your distance.’ Understandable, considering all he’d been through. “I’m really glad you’re here, too, Adam, you’re looking sharp.” Instead of a hug, he offered a manly handshake, not wanting to invade his personal space unless invited.
The first taste was the mango, which was bright and exotic, followed by the sweet cream of the cheesecake, and finally the burning heat of the Scotch Bonnet made itself known, degree by degree. It made his eyes water, only partly because of the pain of the spiciness, and all of it was underlined by a truly excellent, very flaky, golden brown crust. The pie was a work of art. If Castiel texted him, he would tell him so.
Sam’s face went beet red and he pulled at the collar of his shirt, choosing not to respond. But Gabriel was patient. He could wait.
Cas blushed. “I can’t help myself. Now that I can touch you as much as I like, I want to.” He paused, glancing over. “That’s alright, isn’t it?”
Dean smiled as he watched Gabe bend down and lay his head on Sam’s thigh, petting him along his leg. Sam stroked Gabe’s hair while he chatted with the family, already fitting right in, probably because this wasn’t actually his first time meeting most of them. The video chats had already started carving out a spot for him at the table. It elated Dean, to have had a hand in making things easier for his brother in claiming his mate.
Dean immediately added the number to his contacts before replying. It excited him to know that he now had Castiel’s phone number. Ten digits and he could have his voice in his ear. He wouldn’t do that right away, as much as he wanted to.
Rolling them forward, Cas put Dean on his back again in order to kiss him more easily, keeping their tongues busy as their bodies crashed together again and again. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas, locking his ankles at the small of his back, never wanting to let go. The change in angle had Cas hitting the omega’s sweet spot on every inward thrust, making him moan into the kiss. He could feel the alpha’s knot beginning to swell and catch, so their moment was approaching, but they would return here, to this place where they were one, as much as they wanted for the rest of their lives, and knowing that made the climb to the peak even sweeter. As the knot grew, it seemed the love in Dean’s heart did as well, more and more until it overflowed, blooming like ripples in a pond, ever and ever outward. Cas finally broke the kiss to mouth the mating gland at Dean’s shoulder as they locked together with one last hard thrust.
, he’d thought the alpha would just demand it of him and then, oh no, poor Dean wouldn’t have a choice but to go along with it. After a moment’s hesitation, he pushed against Castiel’s chest.
The audience, the majority of them dressed up as characters from the show, exploded into wild applause and cheers as the host smiled over at Dean and Cas who sat beside one another on a couch. They would be participating in a group panel later with other members of the cast and crew, including John, but this was a special one for just the two of them.
“Castiel Novak, so you can work your Google-fu. And he isn’t a knothead.” He sighed, his heart lifting the way it always did when he thought about Cas. “He’s sweet and considerate. Serious, but also gentle. He’s got the most beautiful blue eyes, Sam. And his smile… Fuck. Being with him, it’s changed me.”
“You were amazing, mother,” said Castiel, touching her shoulder and smiling warmly. She scoffed and shook her head, but her cheeks were pink with pleasure at the compliment.
They were walking around the outside of the apartment in the small patches of snow covered grass, so that Rumsfeld could do his business, when suddenly the dog barked loudly and took off. He was surprisingly quick and the leash was out of Dean’s hands before he could blink.
Surprisingly, the kiss wasn’t full of heat and consuming need, as Dean had expected. It was soft, almost a brush of flesh; light and tender as opposed to fast and desperate. Maybe that part came later. Dean didn’t care as long as it involved him and Cas with less clothes.
The angel nodded and said, “He would do anything for you, Sam. You are adored by Heaven’s Most Powerful.  You will be protected and revered by angels wherever you go.  You and your progeny will be royalty among the host.”
“Indeed.”  They all turned at the sound of Castiel himself.  The trench coat clad angel stood at the door of the hotel room, frowning at the three of them. “Thank you, Samandriel.”
Suddenly Dean was naked and he had no idea how it had happened. The weirdest part was that his ass felt different. His hole felt loose and there was the vague sensation of burning mixed with something cool and wet. “What?”
Before he could do much more than blink, Cas was on his knees between Dean’s legs.  Craning his neck, he could see that his angel was lining up, his dick lightly brushing Dean’s hole. It took a moment for Dean to register that Cas’s cock was
So, after what seems like FOREVER, (I originally started writing this fic for Nanowrimo 2018), this bad boy is finally finished.  I'm going through and doing some editing and whatnot, but hopefully the rest of this fic will be posted by either tonight or tomorrow.  So yay!!  It feels good to finally get back to this one after so long.  I hit a point where I knew what was going to happen, but I didn't want to write it, so I sort of tucked this fic into the back of my docs and pretended that it wasn't there.  Denial.  It's awesome.  Anywho--this is complete as of 03/28/2020.
Encounters four, five, and six were all from a distance as both men saw one another in the parking lot and waved. There wasn’t an opportunity for Dean to request Castiel’s phone number and he mentally kicked himself for hours afterward.
When Dean looked back at his angel, he saw the undisguised terror and pain in the angel’s features. It made Dean sick to his stomach. Why did Cas look so devastated? “Cas?”
The drive to the Novak Veterinary Clinic was only a few minutes, and Dean was surprised to see that Cas was standing outside waiting for him when he parked. He was wearing blue scrubs that matched his eyes perfectly, and of course, a mask. This one had paw prints all over it.  “I received a call from Mr Crowley,” he said as an explanation. “Come on, let's take a look at Rumsfeld.”
Dean Winchester had been known to have a wild night on occasion. The kind where you drink yourself into a blackout and wake up with some sort of
He could feel Gabe’s fingers grip his shoulder tight enough that it ached and he winced.  “Here,” Gabriel shoved a ring of silver keys into his hand under the table. “Down the hall, last door on the left is my office.  Go in there and cool the fuck off.  I’m not kidding.  Don’t come back until you’re ready to be a fucking adult.”
“That's...that’s not where I was going, but good. I don’t want you to die—horrifically or not, Cas. You mean everything to me.”
“Wait,” Dean suddenly forgot everything at the thought of his angelic bestie in danger. “Cas is going to die?”
From here on out, this is going to be a rough ride, kiddos.  I will reiterate that this story is NOT MCD. Team Free Love is safe, but anyone else who has died in canon is fair game—so be prepared.
Dean knew that his response was an overreaction, slamming the tumbler of whiskey down on the table and glaring at Cas while hissing, “This is all your fault you know.”  Usually Cas just brushed off his moods, but tonight his lover had looked horribly stricken at Dean’s words. It was just Dean’s luck that they had ended up arguing loud enough for Gabriel to come over and separate them.  Dean knew that he would have to find a way to make it up to Gabe at some point. His and Cas’ scene may have cost Gabriel his job.
There was something inside of him that Cas was bumping with his cock, and it made Dean see stars. His vision was going black on the edges as every powerful thrust hit that spot.  Oh fuck, was he going to cry?  Fucking
?” Dean covered his eyes and peeked through two fingers. “I thought you two were in your bedroom?  Like normal people.”
What?  Dean’s eyes flew open and locked onto Castiel. “I heard that.  I heard you, inside of my head, Cas.”
The heat between them increased and they were soon full on making out, which had a giggle bubbling up in Dean’s chest. He hadn’t done this shit since high school.  The frantic kisses, wandering hands, and desperate rutting against another person was something he thought that he’d left behind in his youth.  But here he was, a grown man in his thirties, dry humping, and knowing that while he wanted so much more, this was still enough—because it was
Poking at his medallion for a moment, Sam finally stopped and moved to the other bed, his hands touching the piece of metal on Dean.  “Watch the wandering hands, Samantha.”
“You’re nuts,” Bobby said.  He smiled though, at Crowley’s common claim that his mother knew magic, and it made Dean feel better.
—and wouldn’t that be embarrassing. His first time with a dude and he comes so hard he cries?  God, he hoped not. But honestly who knew at this point. It just felt so fucking amazing and Dean wanted—
Four hours and about fifty (increasingly irritated) ‘prayers’ later, both brothers had almost given up when they were
Dean screwed up his face in thought for a moment before grinning. “I want key lime pie,” he said. “From Key West.”
Just as he was about to sink back into the chair once more, he heard a faint popping sound from down the hall.  Eyes narrowed, Dean was on his feet in moments. He was reaching under his suit jacket for his piece as he darted toward the door.  He didn’t need all of his FBI training to know a gunshot when he heard one. Thankfully, he had the foresight to strap on his equipment before leaving the house that evening.  He knew that Cas would have told him to leave the gun at home if he had known, but Dean didn’t feel comfortable when he wasn’t strapped. All that training, he supposed.
They settled into the sofa together and Dean slung his arm around Castiel, pulling him close. As the show began, Dean found himself paying more attention to the warm body nestled into him than his favorite television series. He sincerely hoped that this was the first night of many to come.
talk about my brother going to Pound Town with the most annoying angel in the garrison,” Dean grumbled.
Behind his own mask, Dean’s lips parted but no words came out. His mind was a complete blank filled with no other thought than, ‘
.  Fuck, that was such a sexy thought—one that Dean had never considered. Being made Castiel’s was a heady feeling and all Dean could do was nod frantically before Cas’s lips were on his.
Bartholomew Boyle turned back to the horrified faces of the remaining guests.  “Welcome to my retirement party.”
They gazed at one another over their masks for a moment before Cas cleared his throat and said, “I should look at Rum.”
After Bobby’s accident, Dean had taken it upon himself to care for his wheelchair bound uncle—driving him to doctor’s appointments and helping around the house.  In all honesty, he really just used his apartment to sleep, and that was only because there wasn’t a spare room at Bobby’s any longer. The cramped bedroom that Dean had shared with his brother once upon a time had been converted into a physical therapy room.  Nowadays, Dean only crashed there when the snow was too deep for his ‘67 Impala to drive through.
With a snap and a rustle of feathers, Sam and Gabriel disappeared—off to who knows where. Probably Sam’s bedroom. Christ, he hoped they kept things down. There were some parts of his brother’s life that he
He heard the door shut quietly behind Henrickson and immediately put the whole thing out of his mind.  Victor would handle it. He concentrated on Adler who had finally adjusted the mic to his liking and was waving his hands to quiet the crowd.  “Good evening,” Zachariah said in a jovial voice. “I am so honored that all of you lovely people have chosen to ring in the New Year with us here tonight!”
It wasn’t long before they were finished and ready to head home. Rum stood in the lobby with Dean, paw bandaged, and looking dejected about his cone as Dean and Cas stared at one another again. “Thanks, Cas. Really.”
“Nope,” Dean’s lips popped around the word.  “You dragged me here. And now you’re going to lie in the bed you made with your hands.”  He saw Crowley glance at him in confusion. “Lay down in your bedding blankets…on your bed,” Dean tried again.  “Whatever, Cas. You wanted to be here, so deal with it.”
At the table that his brother had vacated, Boyle stood in one smooth movement and waved his arms to the crowd as they cheered him on.  Sam rolled his eyes at the display. These people had no idea what a fucking snake Bartholomew really was.  He had everyone around him fooled.  If only people really knew what Boyle was actually capable of...well, he wouldn’t be too popular, that was certain.
“That’s quite a tolerance you have,” Charlie commented from across the table, fixing him with a look.
When they finally pulled apart, Dean looked deeply into the blue eyes that had first captured him and smiled. “Damn Cas,” he breathed. “I like you much better without the mask.”
The tip of Cas’ thick cock began to push against the muscle and Dean knew that it was now or never.  He made his decision.  “Come on, Cas,” he said. “Put it in—fuck me!”
There was a loud burst of applause and a few cheers at Adler’s opening words.  Sam absently clapped his hands together a few times. He located Charlie and Jo easily, sitting amongst the rest of the guests.  Charlie was smiling brightly and clapping with enthusiasm. Jo looked like she wanted to stab herself with the salad fork.
“Okay, okay,” Adler said into the microphone with an edge.  “There were a lot of people who have worked very hard to make this event a success.  I can’t name off everyone though. So let’s just have a big round of applause for all those who helped out tonight.”  He began to clap, spurring on the crowd to join in.
He just wanted to help as best as he could. But this company was the bane of his existence. No matter how many times he spoke to the lab’s billing department, no one seemed to remember that he’d set up a payment plan.  They just kept sending new bills, demanding payment in full. This was the fifth time he’d have to call them this month.
He hadn’t wanted to come tonight.  In fact, this charity event was just about the last place on earth that he wanted to be.  But Cas had thought it would be a good thing—maybe Dean would be able to get some closure.  But Dean knew that closure was overrated, and he wasn’t expecting anything tonight other than a shitty time.  He had only agreed to come because he wanted to show Castiel that he was
“It’s fine, really,” the guy said. “I’m just happy that you’re doing something important and not just going out for no reason.”  He sighed deeply.  “Social distancing and limiting our time spent in public areas is very important.”  Before Dean could do anything more than nod, the man said, “Well, I won’t keep you.  Watch yourself on the road though—if you drive anything like how you exit an elevator it could be dangerous and I’d rather not see you in the hospital.”
pregnant. He’d just known he wanted Cas, wanted this bond, and that this was a part of it. But could he do it?
The man’s eyes shifted and narrowed for a moment until Dean finished with, “My uncle Bobby needs to see the doctor and I’m the only one who knows how to drive the wheelchair van.”
Dean gulped. He had just realized that Cas was lying on top of him and he was naked as well. The feeling of another thick, hard cock rubbing against his own was foreign, and yet it felt as though something had slotted into place. A feeling of content washed over him and Dean shuddered.
Castiel leaned down and silenced him with a kiss. “I figured that we could skip the pleasantries and get to the main event—seeing as we are on a schedule.”
, that got to him. The praise, from his very own angel, settled in Dean’s very bones and he suddenly craved more. So much more. “Cas,” he said roughly. “I need…”
As I said in the notes at the beginning, the first half of this story is a lot of shameless smut.  The second half is more violence and tense thriller crap.
“Jesus, Crowley,” Dean grunted as he walked toward Rum, who was cowering next to Bobby’s chair. His paw was raised as though he didn’t want to put any pressure on it and Dean could see a trickle of blood.
When Rum landed, huge front paws on the guy's trench coat, and the man easily grabbed the massive dog almost midair, preventing them from hitting the ground, Dean was beyond shocked. He approached carefully as the man lowered Rum to the ground, even as his face was being covered in huge sloppy dog kisses. Again, Dean found himself apologizing.  “I am
The second time that they met was three weeks later when Dean was watching Bobby’s dog for him while he was having a minor procedure done at the hospital. Bobby would have to stay overnight and didn’t have the heart to put Rumsfeld in a kennel.  Despite the fact that he wasn’t really a Dog Person, (which was putting it mildly), Dean volunteered time to keep the hound for the night.
It felt as though his heart was physically swelling and he pushed the automatic reflex of ‘probably a heart attack’ back and allowed the pure joy to wash over him. “Yeah, Cas,” Dean said. “I’d really...love that.”
“Hold up,” Dean finally spoke. “Was all of this supposed to be a secret?  Were you and Gabriel trying to manipulate us?  Play us?
“I can give you anything you crave, Dean. Whatever you and our little one want.”  Castiel’s hands were stroking Dean’s belly soothingly.
A flash of movement distracted Sam.  The attractive woman who had been glued to Richard Roman’s side all night stood up from her table and walked quickly toward a side door.  No one, except Roman, seemed to pay her any mind. Something felt off in Sam’s gut. He frowned and made eye contact with Victor who was a few feet away.  Agent Henrickson nodded at him and turned to follow the woman out of the main area.
“Do you really wish not to bond as my mate?” Castiel’s features were almost blank, but Dean could see the pain lurking under the surface.
That intense gaze was scrutinizing, until the corners around the guy’s eyes relaxed a fraction and he said, “Don’t mention it,” in a deep, gruff tone.
The man looked up at him, eyes crinkling with hidden laughter and Dean felt his breath punch out of his chest at those distracting eyes once again. “Not a problem, I assure you. Rumsfeld can be rather sneaky when he wishes.”
Dean sighed in relief. At least it wasn’t a case of him getting sloshed and blacking out on what was basically his wedding night. He would have spent the next month wallowing in misery if he’d hurt Cas in that way. Thankfully, this seemed to be something normal for humans. Thank fuck.
The omega rose from the cushion and draped himself over Castiel’s lap as instructed, hands flat in front of him, the toes of his patent leather heels touching the floor. The alpha bunched Dean’s skirt up more and more until it was gathered at the small of his back, leaving his lace-covered bottom completely exposed to whoever might look in their direction. The jewel of the plug was probably sparkling in the light. Dean could feel his face warming up over the knowledge, but thankfully, he couldn’t see anyone from his current angle. He could pretend it was just him and Cas if he blocked out the noise of the restaurant.
Cas chuckled, the smile staying on his face as he watched Dean’s tiny celebration dance, which was mostly him wiggling back and forth in the alpha’s lap. “Yes, I believe we do,” he said. He handed Dean his phone which was resting on the coffee table next to the empty plates. “Care to do the lurking while I clean up a bit?”
Coming around to his front, Castiel rested his head on Dean’s round belly, one arm wrapped around the omega’s lower back, talking to the pups about how much they were loved and feeling the tiny kicks on either side in response. Maybe it was the combination of his wild hormones and the vulnerability being tied up provided, but hearing Cas speak to their pups, feeling his breath against the skin of his abdomen, the gentleness of his warm hands, and being held so securely by the rope - it made tears prick Dean’s eyes. He’d never felt so much love in one place, a love that would only grow with each passing year.
Dean gritted his teeth, forcing himself to speak though his jaw was clenched in reaction to the alpha-voice. “Bastard,” he ground out. “What the hell did you do to me?”
thing. Sam…” He took a deep breath. “I’ve never felt like this. If he looks like the ass end of a butt-beast, I would still be completely nuts not to upend my life to make room for him in it.”
The alpha’s balls drew up and his hand tightened on Dean’s head only moments before he was filling the omega’s mouth with his hot come. Squeezing the knot with his hand like his channel would, he moaned around the cock as he swallowed, loving the taste, loving more how it made him feel to do this for Cas, to bring him such pleasure. Dean made his alpha fall apart and come back together,
Does weather effect the result of bread at all, like elevation? I know my body tends to freak out whenever we transition into Fall like we are now and I end up with sniffles for a week or so – does bread freak out when it gets colder? And I’m never sure how long I’m supposed to knead. Five minutes? Ten? An hour?
The three of them tried the pie, this one with a green filling. Sam coughed, much less tolerant of spice than Dean.
The silence was thick enough to choke on. It was incredibly awkward to just stand there, saying nothing, pretending there wasn’t anything going on between them. A part of him, however, took a tiny bit of comfort in Castiel’s nearness. It had been a long time since they’d been this close when they weren’t shooting.
Gabriel had rigged the front door to play the scary music from ‘Psycho’ when it opened and came dressed as Norman Bates-as-Mother with a fake knife in hand. He took great pleasure in whipping the door open for Trick-or-Treaters and scaring the bejeebles out of them. Sam, via livestream, came to the party dressed as a Catholic priest, for which he was surely going to Hell, but Gabe said it ‘did things’ for him, so… worth it? Naomi came mostly because Kelly and Adam had wanted to go, and had improvised a costume of the Virgin Mary out of blue bedsheets and a pillow. Adam and Kelly, though they weren’t a couple, had arrived wearing green and pink with little wands, wings, and crowns, making them an adorable Cosmo and Wanda. Anna, as Khaleesi, had on a platinum blonde wig and a stuffed dragon on her shoulder. Akobel was even able to drop in after his shift as Darth Vader.
Dean didn’t respond; he just kept looking at the floor. Castiel had his hand on the elevator door, preventing it from closing.
“God, Sam, do I need to draw you a diagram?” Dean spat, hurting too much to give a softer answer. “I’m giving birth!”
“More,” Dean prompted, withdrawing a hand for fresh lube, using the other one to encourage Cas to sit up off his thighs for a moment so Dean could slick his cock. Then, scooting under him a little more, he lined himself up and guided Cas down onto him. “Slow, slow,” he said, not wanting to impale him and risk injury. This was about loving Cas, not punishing him.
“About time you showed up,” said Dean. “Fantastic. There’s room in the final rack, right? I’m guessing the caterer for the dinner is going to need some room.”
And Cas… laughed. A surprised chuckle that grew into a full-body belly laugh, letting go of Dean’s neck and clutching his chest as he threw back his head. It was a sound as effervescent as champagne, his audible joy, and it transformed his whole face. Made him look… less like an ageless, frightening entity, and slightly more human.
“Welcome home,” he said, standing up and putting his hands in his pockets. He withdrew the key and held it up. “I used this to get in.”
Colette immediately grabbed Dean and pulled him down to sit next to her on a tufted chaise lounge, leaving Cas with no alternative but to perch on the wing if he wanted to sit next to Dean as well. The rest of the men all chose chairs in a rough circle. As if waiting for this cue, a pair of ladies in angel halos came to take their drink orders. Cain took notice when John asked for soda water with a twist of lemon and lime.
“My sentiments exactly.” Cas angled their dancing so that they could both keep an eye on their brothers. “What does Sam smell like? I’ve never been in his presence without blockers.”
When it passed, Cas said, “I need to go talk to the nurses, beloved. I don’t want to leave you, but it shouldn’t take me very long. I promise I will be right back.”
“I’ll bet. But you make it look effortless. Let me know if there’s anything I can do to make you more comfortable.” Dean looked at Kelly to include her in the statement. “Anything at all.” He gestured toward the living room. “Can I introduce you both to my brother? He’s in California at university, but we have him here via livestream.”
“We won’t interrupt, we’ll just stand in the back and look through the windows. I kinda want to see these kids get their happily ever after.”
Groaning, Dean began to do so despite his exhaustion, lifting his lower body to meet each one of Castiel’s thrusts. The change in angle made his cock hit Dean’s prostate again and the omega dug his nails into Castiel’s shoulders. An impossible fourth orgasm was somehow within his reach, and if the knot swelling the alpha’s dick to monster proportions was any indication, he was close as well.
