Dean was lucky to have been impaled where he had been; any higher or to the side and he would have had vertebrae that needed fixing — which Castiel
until she watched Mary Winchester burn. Castiel was the second Starfleet Seraph, hastily assigned to the USS
A Seraph could heal almost anything. But the greater the injury, the greater the toll healing took on the Seraph. And the greater the chances were he would get something wrong.
Sam’s powder blue uniform was soaked to near transparency. He wiped his thick wet hair back from his forehead (it then stood stiff in mid-air like a ski jump) and he curled his lip at Dean.
Side note: today, September 8th, is the anniversary of Star Trek's first episode airing! And the fact that season 15 continues a month from today is horrifying. Syzygy!
Ah. Yes. This was the old “arguing tenderly about each others’ character flaws” routine, when they wandered into that dicey territory between normal family dispute and complete existential crisis. They hadn't had the opportunity to do this since Dad died. Dean had been too busy lately, what with a Seraph constantly leafing through all of his personal business, to think about bringing up any of it with his brother.
“Two o’clock,” Rufus warned softly, slowing down. Sam, Dean, and the other security officers filling up the away team adjusted their pace.
“Great,” Ellen said, exhaling deeply. “Well, thank you for your time, and for agreeing to meet with me. We should get your Seals back in no time.”
Castiel’s role as a healer was a complex one. It seemed obvious that an individual with such useful abilities should use them when needed, but Castiel was the
must be making at the moment. Dean focused on the weight of the phaser in his hand as he tried to weave the details together in his mind.
“I know,” Castiel said, his approaching footsteps and click of the door indicating he had entered the room. “Neither am I.”
She would be disciplined for disobeying orders. And while Chancellor Alastair had remained impassive on the situation so far, Starfleet knew that was not going to last long. Much of why Castiel had been transferred to the
There was nothing of interest except a portrait of a dark-haired human in a red tunic hanging on one wall.
“Yes, for you,” Cas said. That was such a confusing statement Dean didn’t even know how to process it.
, and something was sticking out through his black pant leg that looked way too much like bone. Dean dragged himself up to Sam, his ankle smarting the whole way, but when he saw his brother’s face — his eyes squeezed shut, his cheeks so pale — all he could feel was his heart falling to pieces.
Castiel nodded. He could not remember what happened in his private trials, where they had occurred, or even how long he had spent there. All he knew was he had gone straight from his trials to this journey to the
A pang of sadness suddenly hits him as he realizes that Anna won’t be showing up at all. She has other friends, other people she used to sit with at lunch before they started dating. Sure, she’d sit with them every once in awhile because of Cas, but he kind of doubts that will happen anymore. He’s been so caught up in his emotional turmoil over Castiel that he’d been able to ignore the fact that Anna had, in fact, broken up with him, and that it did, in fact, hurt a lot. Looking at Charlie and Dorothy, it sucks to realize that he is now very much single and alone.
Dorothy, walking poster child of confidence that she is, takes the reins and answers, "We're at a party, genius, how do you think?" But she says it with a coy smile, so Dean just laughs in
Castiel about jumps out of his skin at Dean’s voice. When he looks up from where he’s apparently been glowering at his hands clenched together in his lap, it’s to see both the Winchester brothers looking at him in concern. Also to the realization that apparently they’re parked outside his house.
She reaches over, and, for a brief moment, he's afraid she's actually going to grope him, but, instead, her hand goes down under the passenger seat and she pulls out a paper bag containing what is obviously a bottle. When she sits back up, she smiles nervously.
Cas and Balthazar are hanging out after school that Thursday, homework spread across the table. It’s quiet in the house, Balthazar’s parents not yet being home from work, and Cas can feel the tension between them. They haven’t had any substantial time alone in a few weeks now, which wasn’t by design until it was. He knows Balthazar is getting frustrated by it, can feel the tension between them like a physical barrier. Shamefully, Cas doesn’t particularly feel like even trying to reach through that barrier - it’s possible he’s the one reinforcing it, or that he built it in the first place. Either way, he’s been wondering how long it could last.
Charlie and Dean both deflate a little at her words, mumbling variations that she’s right and apologies to one another. The rest of lunch passes without much fanfare, the three mostly talking about how lame it is that they have to come to school at all next week and their plans for the holiday (Dorothy is going skiing with her parents; Charlie has her whole extended family coming in, as usual; and Dean’s family is having Cas and his grandma over for dinner since Cas’s parents once again won’t be making it to Kansas for yet another holiday).
After sticking the paper back to the fridge, he heads to his room. He grabs some pajamas and a change of clothes for school tomorrow. He hesitates on the way to the bathroom, waffling on whether or not he should grab a toothbrush. Normally, Dean keeps a spare one for him, but it has been awhile; he grabs his just in case.
At that, Dean looks expectantly at Cas, who finally takes his coat and puts it on, though he wears a confused expression the whole while.
He hates it, but since there's really not a good reason for that, Dean plays dumb. "What're you talking about, Charlie?"
“Castiel!” His grandmother’s stern voice cuts him off, but when he glances up at her, she’s regarding him kindly. “I hope you know that I trust your judgement. I’m sure he’s a fine young man. When you’re ready, I’d love to meet him.”
“I’d love to,” Balthazar responds, and Cas can hear the smile in his voice. “Can we spend the day together like we’d initially planned?”
Cas rolls his eyes, mouth turning up the barest bit at the corners. Finally turning his attention to Anna, he asks, "Do you want to take a break?"
After Anna's reminder that he had, in fact, neglected Dean all weekend, and his resultant head injury (he wouldn't be surprised if he is concussed), Castiel has been oscillating between awful guilt and righteous validation. Plus a killer headache that refuses to go away. Seriously, he's sure he's concussed.
Dean playfully shoves Cas in the shoulder. “Come on, you dork,” he says, then heads up the stairs. Castiel follows, unable to keep his own smile off his face. This is nice; this is normal. This finally feels like maybe they’ve returned to how they used to be.
“Why the fuck not, Cassie!? It’s clear he’s mooning about over you. Was clear even before Anna left his sorry ass.”
"You're fucking kidding me." When Cas doesn't respond, not because he doesn't want to, but because, for some reason, he can't, Dean continues. "Seriously!? I was worried about you, and you weren't actually sick at all!? You blew us off, your fucking friends, to go hang out with some random dude!? And you were just fucking hungover the next day, I bet! Real classy, Cas!" By the time he's done, Dean is standing up, towering over the whole table.
Balthazar's brow creases. "I'm sorry, I thought we had something. Perhaps I shouldn't have assumed."
I am completely unrepentant for the Balthazar/Cas fluff! It is adorable! And while I didn't mean to make them so adorable, I'm glad Cas is happy! (However, I do promise there will be some actually Destiel soon.)
Castiel smiles and closes the door on the both of them. He’s heard some variation of this squabble dozens of times; he’s okay with missing out on this one.
Castiel and Anna, though? They're fucking paragons of the community. Cas likes to claim he's nothing of the sort, but Dean is quick to disagree. The only things that bring Cas down is that he insists on continuing to hang around Dean and Charlie (which Dean will never not count his lucky stars for) and that he stopped going to church a few years back (which Dean doesn't think impacts that much, but Cas claims different). Otherwise? Castiel Shurley is every bit as out of his league as Anna Milton. They're both so fucking smart it hurts, neither of them in a single one of the basic classes with Dean. Nope. They're full-blown honors and AP class, Ivy League school bound geniuses. Dean isn't bothered by that though, since he knows they both work their asses off for it. Dean has sat around enough summers with Cas while he studies (and then done the same with Anna this summer) to know it.
He clings to her, burying his head into her shoulder, sobbing, “I’m such an fucking idiot, Charlie.”
“Dean,” Jack clarifies, as if that’s the part that has tripped Cas up. “I can read his emotions now, maybe even his mind, if I want to.”
A beat of comfortable silence comes between them before she asks, “Did I just hear you talking on the phone?”
She eyes him for a moment, considering, not for even a moment seeming confused because she is, of course, perfect Anna Milton.
Like this, under the blankets that block out the room, listening to Charlie’s snoring and occasionally mumbled nonsense, he can almost pretend last night never happened. He can almost pretend he’s a kid again, can pretend that the quiet breaths of Dorothy actually belong to Cas , and that the three of them have had a sleep over and everything is normal.
The newcomer's blue eyes fall first on perfect Anna Milton. "Anna, dear, I was wondering if I could sit with you and your friends, seeing as how I don't know anyone else here."
Castiel sighs heavily and rolls his eyes. “How much trouble are you in with your parents this time?”
“What do you mean you walked home!?” Dean demands, ready to hunt down Balthazar and beat him to a pulp. “Did that asshole seriously kick you out!? You should have called me! I would have come and gotten you!” Never mind that he’d been in no condition to drive that night.
Finally, Castiel ask quietly, “How, um... How did you know it was the right time to, uh, to have sex?”
Anna doesn't cower in the face of his wrath, instead she stares up at him, blue eyes like steel as her own anger swells up. "Dean Winchester," her voice is cold and hard, and this suddenly isn't the Anna he knows. This is a whole different Anna, someone strong and fierce, where his Anna has always been soft and collected. "You will under no circumstances speak to me like that." He opens his mouth to protest, apologize, say anything, but she cuts him off. "I don't know what the hell just got into you, but it's unacceptable. You really think you can just go around talking to strangers that way? Talking to
His hands are at Cas’ waist, with  Cas’ around his neck. They sway back and forth in circles, Dean occasionally giving the other man a spin. There’s a spotlight on them, making the crowd seem to disappear. It’s like it’s just the two of them, together.
He can feel the man’s stare boring into the side of his head, and it makes his skin crawl because this is the most he’s exposed to Cas about his specific past with John Winchester. “Dean,” Cas says, and Dean takes in a deep breath before looking back. “I’m sorry you had to go through that. I am, but… I don’t want you to deal with your feelings in unhealthy ways. I want you to make better memories, with this family. I don’t want you to focus on the old.”
They baby-proofed everything a while ago-- when Sam and Eileen made their first visit with Bobby-- but Dean does a second (okay, triple) check just in case, making sure all the outlets are covered and all dangerous objects and weapons are either out of reach or locked up somewhere that no baby-- let alone man-- can get into.
Cas wakes up in complete darkness-- though it’s less like waking up, and more like being dragged forcefully into another dimension within the blink of an eye. It’s a strange feeling, but not a new one. He’s dizzy and nauseated, but there’s nowhere to sit. He’s just… Existing. Floating. He’s neither alive, nor dead. But he’s happy, because Dean is safe, and that’s the most important thing right now. He did it for Dean, he was here for Dean. His heart aches at the thought that he’ll never see the man again, but he’s content with his choice, because he knows the man is safe because of him. He could do that much, at least. He hopes Dean is happy now, wherever he is--
have been a better idea, but alas, it was too late. He could hear The Empty laugh, a mocking and irritating sound to his ears.
The calm usually comes before the storm, but in Dean’s case, it’s afterward. The streets are filled with people, and in his heart, he can feel those who he loves, finally back in place. He’s happy, and content. There’s just one thing he needs to ask Jack before he leaves. A question concerning a certain angel. “What about Cas?” He blurts out before the new God has a chance to disappear. Jack gives him a knowing smile, and Dean can feel the hope in his chest start to rise once more.
And when later that month Cas starts studying, and he heads off to work every morning, he’s even more okay with things. He has a stable life-- or somewhat stable, at least. Somedays he’ll come home with tears on his face, explaining how he had lost another person on the job, and Cas would push away his school books and pat the bed. He’d hold him until he felt semi-fine, and then some more. And Dean would do the same for Cas, whenever the man stressed too much about his work, or when he woke up at night, panting in the dark for air and begging for Dean to turn the light on to make sure he was here-- that he was okay, and not in The Empty.
at him. And it’s different now, because Dean knows exactly what that look means. His eyes are soft, and his mouth is upturned in a small smile. It’s how you look at someone you love. Cas loves Dean. He can feel the words on the tip of his tongue, hovering there, ready to come out. But they won’t. Not now. It’s not the right time.
The voice cuts off after that, and Castiel opens his eyes to the black abyss once more. He lifts a hand to his wet face and wipes the tears away, smiling at Dean’s words. He loved him. They loved each other. It hurts more, now, knowing that. He was so sure it was unrequited-- that his years of pining were all one-sided. Why did Dean love him? He wishes he could ask.
“He’s back home. You’ll see him again.” Jack says, and Dean lets out a breath of relief. Cas is back. Cas is okay. It wasn’t for nothing-- they really got
Sam is out on a hunt with Eileen, insisting that someone stays behind to watch the dog and the bunker. So, he does. And so does Cas.
Dean would hold him just the same, would smooth his sweaty hair back from his face and tell him they were here, it was over. They’re free now, and they always would be. So no, their hearts weren’t completely mended even after almost a year later. Dean didn’t think they ever fully would be, but that was okay, because he had Cas, and Cas had him. And as long as they had each other, things were going to be okay. That’s something he always knew.
He watches Jack and Claire chat in the corner of the room-- the two have become close ever since the birth of Bobby, and Dean is happy Jack has someone they can rely on. A real friend. They deserved that, especially after all the work they’ve done these past couple of years. He sees the kid laugh and chant ‘kiss, kiss, kiss’ as Kaia and Claire get caught under the mistletoe. And it feels nice.
“So how was everyone’s weekend?” Balthazar asks almost as soon as he’s seated. Castiel’s face screws up and he looks almost like he wants to face plant directly into his tray, Charlie’s eyes go wide as saucers as she squeaks a little, and Dorothy’s eyes just roll up to the sky like she is so over all of them and almost maybe praying to be done with all of this.
Castiel shakes his head. “It’s better this way. But, would you mind not telling anyone else yet? I want them to know it from me.”
The panic wells up in Castiel once more, but he does his best to ignore it. “Oh, uh, yeah. I was making plans to go hang out with a friend.”
Balthazar smiles at him. “Of course, Cassie. He’s important to you; I do understand that. I promise to be a perfect gentleman.” He leans in and kisses Cas gently on the forehead. “What’s important to you is important to me.”
At this, Castiel softens and places a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “And while I appreciate the thought, that isn’t a road you should go down.”
Balthazar is still going on, probably listing all the ways in which Castiel has failed as a boyfriend. But all of this has ceased to matter.
His parents left him - that’s a fact that has shaped him. He strives for perfection, is skittish in regards to affection despite his grandmother’s best efforts. He is bruised and gets hurt and angry and lashes out because it’s easier than facing the things that make him feel that way in the first place.
"Pull over," she instructs. He winces, but does as she says. He puts the car in park and turns to face her. She's studying him with concern. "What's up with you today?"
Dean beams proudly. "Yep. He got the brains in the outfit, that's for sure. Least I got the looks though?"
Even once Sam arrives in Heaven, Castiel does not appear to Dean - to either of them. However, Dean still does not settle, he continues to still drive more frequently than not.
When they finally get their food and sit at their normal table, Dean and Anna are already sitting there. The couple stops talking as soon as the trio sits down, Anna smiling in greeting and Dean shooting Cas a worried look.
Turning back to his computer, Castiel says, "Besides, Anna and I are getting together on Sunday to work on our college essays."
A few more seconds of silence follow, which has Dean lowering the comic once more to look over the edge of it. Cas is turned in his seat so Dean can see only his profile, but it's enough to see that the guy is fidgeting and biting his lip as his cheeks fill with color. The expression sets something off in Dean, an uncomfortable tightening in his stomach and a sudden shortness of breath. Trying his damnedest to ignore it, he says, “What is it?”
The world spins around Castiel, a dizzying, beautiful, gratifying display of lights that he's never before experienced on any sort of high before this. It isn't until after that he realizes that just because everything is perfect, that doesn't mean it's right.
Mary let’s him get through about half of his pancakes, chatting about John’s continued DIY failures on the shed out back and the mundane goings-on at the precinct, before she finally settles The Look on him and asks, “So what happened, Dean?”
He holds up his glare a moment longer before he finally deflates back against his bed. "Why wouldn't he tell me that, Charlie?"
The sound of Balthazar's chuckling in Cas's ear makes a warm flush go through his whole body, settling in the pit of his stomach. "Not a problem. I should be the one apologizing, anyway."
Dean just shrugs helplessly. “I mean, he’s seemed distracted. I kind of just assumed it was school related, but maybe not?
As painful at the car ride is, it isn’t made any better when they finally pull up to Castiel’s house. Goodbyes between them are getting harder and harder to figure out - hugs are stiff, goodbye kisses have gone from lips to cheek most of the time, but even those are a barely there pressure. Cas longs to just bolt out of the car, not agonize over everything, but as he’s chosen to keep up this charade, that isn’t so much an option.
It also makes him sometimes worry that he’s turning into his parents. It’s times like those that he misses Anna the most - she was great at finding distractions for them when they felt the most like they were failing.
Simultaneously, Castiel and Anna both shoot him chiding looks. He decides to the best way to avoid their unnecessary disappointment in him (which he'll totally have to get Charlie back for later) is to redirect their attention. "So how was the student council meeting?"
And because she apparently can't let him finish a sentence (not that he even knows what to say, anyway), she interrupts him again, saying, “I wouldn't care, except that...”
This just kept going! I came into this chapter with basically zero idea of how I was going to reach the end point (my notes for this story are old and non-sensical at this point because I changed the direction almost as soon as I wrote the outline, and I never updated the outline... go past me), yet somehow it wound up being (I think) the longest chapter I've written so far! It just kept going! Cas apparently had a lot of shit to work through. All the Anna stuff? Definitely wasn't in the plan at all, but here she is! And I enjoyed bringing her back this way.
In the span of about ten seconds Castiel goes from thinking to all the reasons he should say no ("my friends are still here", "I don't know you", "I can't reciprocate your advances") to thinking of ridiculous green eyes to agreeing because he doesn't think he can face anymore of Dean tonight (nor does he want to face any of Charlie's attempts at bridging the gap between the two boys).
"Nothing, I'm peachy keen," is his response, immediately followed by a sharp, "Ow! What the hell was that for!?" as Charlie slaps him across his shoulder. It didn't
The battle splits off when there's a burst of light and a scream, and before Dean clues in, Cas is dealing with two vamps — one is a corrupt piece of shit and Dean's shocked the soul is still stupid enough to go against the angel. With one dead on the ground, Dean gets shoved, even further back from Cas, and two vamps begin to circle him.
"I hoped— I thought— that I made it clear that you can't just keep leaving like that. Earth is one thing, but here? I've told you to stay. I asked— begged, and I— It's just too damn risky being alone down here. You just keep leaving. You never stay. And hell, maybe I just care too damn much. But I think... I think you know something that I don't."
the panic sets in. His waterlogged senses drowned themselves under the angel's grace, a feeling of ecstasy and peace that had spent short far too quickly.
But Hell? It was even slower. The fire was too searing and too blinding. Smoke filled his lungs the moment he opened his eyes, and through the flames and screams he couldn't remember when he actually fell onto the rack to spend the next forty years suffering.
"Where are we going?" Dean asks, hurrying after the angel. If he's left alone again he's sure he'd go crazy.
Dean closes his eyes slowly, tilting his head to the side and looking back at Cas, reaching for his shoulder to stop him when the angel continues marching on to nowhere. He turns with a huff of frustration, looking back at Dean.
The angel surveys Dean with squinted eyes. His mouth opens and shuts a few times, trying to come up with an answer. "I don't know. Your dream, you said a voice was asking you where I was? Like it couldn't find me?"
He flinches when he feels a tear trail down his cheek. With a sniff, he rubs his watering eyes with shaking hands. He hadn't realised he'd been crying.
"I hate this place," He confesses quietly. Cas hums, his forehead leaning just underneath the back of Dean's chin. The hunter looks down with a wavering frown and he closes his eyes when the angel's thumb brushes against the top of Dean's hand.
"Oh, fuck." He whines, and he hates it, and his head is buried in his hands. "No, I don't remember," he admits.
"Then tell me," He mutters, plain and simple. It's getting darker though, and fast. His time to mock is cutting short.
He's not sure if he'd rather lose Cas to an unknown entity or watch the angel burst into light and meet his inevitable fate.
His face burns and he starts to walk off, eyes wide with the shock that he had actually let his emotions spill all out in the open like that.
Cas' jaw clenches, his throat works, and he looks helplessly at the sky. "All's that's left to do is run, hide... find shelter, perhaps, but Dean... Heaven, it's built of concepts from the selective soul. Hell is corrupt, but it is balanced. But in Purgatory, it seems to work differently. The souls are trapped here, more so than any afterlife I've seen. There is no manifestation nor control. It's chaos."
He says, but it sounds wrong, so he tries again when Castiel doesn't seem ready to work with that anyway.
He's only pacing now, staring down at the ground desperately. He tries to crouch over at the tree Cas was hiding behind only seconds ago with shaking limbs, but falls about halfway down. He leans into the bark, an unsettling rage digging into his back — resisting it, Dean desperately and unbearably claws at the ground. The angel knows something, surely that's why he fled. With the final look they shared, Cas did not run away with fear. He ran with a knowledge of a secrecy in Purgatory.
Is this punishment? Does lying in Purgatory really have consequences? Dean sure as shit doesn't want to find out, so he spits out words desperately.
When a hand brushes through his hair, he tries to shove himself away. Instead, he's tugged forward, and now,
Cas snorts. "No, I can't. It doesn't appear Purgatory has a cycle of time; for argument's sake, it's night. Let's get you some place safe."
The corrupt werewolf speaks again, hissing in a breath and straining a laugh, almost as if it pains it to talk. "You are everybody's business down here now. You
"Hello?" He calls, cautiously, peering down at the lily pads. As though triggered by a voice command, they suddenly scatter back into the pond, flowers blooming back on top of them. Dean widened his eyes, pulling his machete out in front of him.
He looks down, and he's met with the sight of Hell. Literally. Flames spewing out smoke, distant screams, a howl of laughter. Face paling, Dean swallows thickly.
Dean's jaw tightens again, and he narrows his eyes at the wolf, unsure of his next play. He's screwed regardless; he tells it he has no idea where Cas is, it'll probably successfully kill him, and would just go after Cas. He can't lie, either; there's no possible description to give to the wolf that would be fitting. All the terrain he's seen are just trees that look the same.
"Physical contact with them. It's what makes me see them." He explains where he had cut himself off, swallowing thickly, eyes darting back and forth as if to survey what he still remembers from his dream.
Before Dean walks away, one of them leaps forward, damn near sinking its claws into him if it weren't for one of its peers pulling it back.
Christmas was never big for the Winchesters. Dad was usually gone, and it was just him and Sammy to celebrate. But there wasn’t a lot they could do
”Yes, I’m serious. I’ll do anything.” He said, giving the woman (thing?) a serious look. He had one shot at this, and he just hoped he had something worth her time-- something that could save him. The Empty tilted her head at him, smirk wilting as her face took on a more serious expression. She stepped away from him, falling back onto a throne that appeared out of smoke, the furls of grey curling away to reveal the wide set chair.
He thanks them for bringing back the love of his life all those years ago. He thanks himself and his family-- Cas, too-- for defeating Chuck. For gaining their own free will, because this…. All of this, they did it themselves. He married Cas, and he didn’t do it because it was already written into existence-- he did it because he’s in love. Because he gets to do that, now. Has been able to do it for a while without fear.
He wanders the empty space in silence most days (if you can call them days), sometimes pacing, sometimes crying. There’s nothing else he can do, really. The only company he has are his thoughts. That changes, though, one day. He stops his pacing when he hears it. A prayer. A familiar voice echoes in his head, and his eyes begin to water as he realizes who it is. It’s been so long since he’s heard Dean.
Dean broke the kiss off with a chuckle and a huff, giving the dog a scratch behind the ears. He looked back at Cas, staring into the man’s shining blue eyes, and he was finally able to tell himself: I did it. This is what my freedom looks like, and I’ve finally got it.
it makes it hard to do so. So instead he watches Cas. He watches the way his eyes shine with humor at the shitty children jokes being made by Bugs Bunny, he watches the curl of his lips-- a real smile that reaches his eyes. He just…. Watches. And after a while, his own happiness begins to wilt.
So he thought. He thought hard, for what seemed like days. And when he couldn’t come up with anything himself, he knew what he needed to do.
The nurse brushes past him, taking his baby nephew god knows where. That’s when Sam seems to notice his nervous expression. “Hey, man, don’t freak. It’s nothing dangerous, they just think he has an extra chromosome. They need to do a blood test to determine it, but that’s what they’re leaning towards.” Dean has no idea what any of that means, and Sam seems to notice. “It means they think he has down syndrome-- did you ever pay attention in school?”
like, too. Dean tries his best to stay away from Cas inside the bunker for fear of having to confront his feelings, because change is still too terrifying for him. He knows he’s not being controlled anymore, and that also comes with the knowledge that it wasn’t Chuck forcing him to feel that way all these years. It was his own heart. Him. And Cas. And that is… A whole new piece of information he doesn’t want to confront.
“Do you mind if I borrow some change?” He asked a feeble old woman on the bench. She stared at him through her large, pink glasses, and it was as if he could physically see the gears turning behind her eyes. Without a word, she dug through a small purse that matched her blindingly pink getup, pulling out a handful of change and dropping it in his hand. She didn’t even smile, just gave him a solemn nod and shooed him off.
He shook his head at the absurdness of his encounter, going back to the phone booth and slotting one of the coins into the machine. He gave the dial a turn nine times, putting in Dean’s number. The phone rang for what seemed like ages before the man finally picked up. “Sammy?” A slurred voice said.
It was everything Cas had hoped it would be, but it never escalated further than just the soft press of lips. They were both tired, and eventually, sleepy kissing turned into just sleep. They held each other through the night, and through every night after. They would grow old together, too, one day. But for now, they were just making up for lost time.
“Sorry, uh…” He hesitates before continuing. “I just don’t have a lot of joyful Christmas memories, ya know? Its hard to not focus on them during this time of year… I mean, dad was either away hunting or he was home drinking. It wasn’t pretty either way. We either got cuts and bruises for presents, or nothing at all.” He gives a shrug and takes a long swig out of his cup, avoiding Cas’ eyes.
Months had now gone by at the bunker, and Dean knew things were going to change soon. Sam and Eileen were going to move out soon and get a place of their own, and Dean was happy for them, even though there was always going to be a part inside him that insisted he keep his brother at his side. It was drilled into him ever since he was little that he was Sammy’s protector, but now was the time he needed to let him go. Had to accept that there was no big threat out there-- just the little monsters in between. But even that didn’t matter anymore. Sam hadn’t been on a hunt in weeks, and when Dean thought about it, neither had he. They didn’t have to do that anymore-- it wasn’t what their freedom looked like.
“I’m gonna be an uncle-- and you’re going to be a dad. Holy shit.” He says, then quieter, “Holy shit.” That’s when he begins to cry, wet hot tears of joy spilling from his eyes, because this is
Dean ends up actually enjoying the rest of the night right up until presents come up. This was just his and Sammy’s thing before, and it feels wrong to have all these people here-- even if they’re people he loves. Sam seems to have the same feeling, because he’s at his side right when the first bag is passed to someone. “It’s weird, right? Like, good weird?”
“Let's get you all cleaned up, alright?” Dean says. And that’s all that happens, and it’s okay-- for now.
Cas smiled at Dean, giving him a small nod. “I’m going to always be here, Dean. You don’t need to feel guilty because of what I
He makes it halfway to the bunker running full speed until he crashes into something-- or more like some
for me, Cas-- which I’m still pissed about, by the way. I’m not worth dying over. I’m glad you’re back, but the guilt I felt after losing you… It’s happened too many times. I don’t want it to happen again. This one was too close. And now that you’ve lost your mojo… Well, I guess you’re stuck here with us again, right?”
He could hear shuffling on the other end of the line, then a familiar jingle of keys. “Dean, I don’t think you should be driving after you’ve been drinking.” He muttered, a pang of anxiety echoing in his chest. It mixed with the relief settled there, and for a moment he just closed his eyes and savored the feeling. He hadn’t felt that way in a while, and although it wasn’t the best feeling, it was nostalgic. He could hear the irritated sigh from Dean, the man not even questioning how Cas knew he was drunk-- they both knew the answer anyways. “I’m going to let Sammy drive, don’t worry about it.”
“You know, I wish we had this growing up.” Dean says, looking around at the happy faces of his family. There’s a pain in his chest, and it doubles as he looks back at his baby brother. “ I wish you had this.” Sam gives him a soft look, then pulls him into a tight hug.
“Well you know I have a thing for doctors.” Dean murmured, waggling his eyebrows in a suggestive way that made Cas roll his eyes before bursting into a laugh. It was the most domestic, beautiful thing he had experienced in a long time. He feeds Miracle scraps of the disgusting spaghetti mess under the table until Cas finds out and starts berating him for “being a Grinch.” And Dean is okay with it. He’s okay with it all.
He must’ve fallen asleep while waiting, for when he gained consciousness again he was looking up at Meg-- or what appeared to be Meg. “C’mon, wake up sleepy head.” She teased, poking his side with the heel of her shoe. “We’ve got talking to do-- that is, if you were serious about what you said.” The sleep washed immediately away with her words, and he hurriedly stood up, a wave of dizziness coming in from the motion.
“Hey, are you almost ready?” Sammy asks outside of the door, and when Dean doesn’t answer, opens it up. Upon seeing Dean’s thinly veiled anxiety, Sam pulls him into a hug. “Dude, it’s gonna be okay. I promise.” Realistically, Dean knows it is. But the voice in the back of his head isn’t helping. It mocks him, and makes him question everything he knows to be true.
Everyone stops what they’re doing to stare at them, and Dean’s anxiety is rising with every second passing by. But that’s when it happens. Cas is getting down on one knee and Dean feels like he’s going to pass the fuck out right then and there because there is no way this is happening.
“No-- no, Cas, that’s not what I’m doing.” Dean said firmly. “Look, you got to do your sappy love confession, so here’s mine. I love you, okay? I don’t even know when I began to, or if it can ever stop. I just know I do. I also know you didn’t even think that was a possibility-- that you just jumped right past death’s door without even knowing the truth. Look, I hate myself for not telling you sooner. I hate myself for putting you through that-- but I won’t let that happen again. You hear me?
He probably wasn’t going to be allowed into the actual store due to that very reason, so he opted instead to use the phone booth outside. Except he didn’t have a quarter. Goddammit. With a sigh, he turned to one of the people on the sidewalk, putting on his friendliest face.
Dean is looking into Cas’ eyes, and it’s like he can see the whole future and past inside them. All the memories they’ve shared together. He sees the day Cas dies-- the one he’s already been through, and the one he knows lies ahead. He sees their children, their future dog after Miracle passes, and all the little moments in between. The baseball games, the anniversaries, the sleepy mornings… He sees them growing old together. Dying together. He sees it all in Cas’ eyes, and in the back of his mind he thanks Jack.
“Hunting is something that was forced on me, you know?” He explains one night over dinner. Cas had made them spaghetti with syrup and candy-- something that was inspired by the movie Elf (Dean was regretting letting the man watch it now). “Dad told me what to do and I did it. Always the good little soldier… But the way I’m saving people this time isn’t from monsters. There’s a system, there’s a structure that I’ve never had before. I mean, sure it’s still risky but at least I can see what I’m getting myself into and I can say ‘okay, this is what I want to do.’ I’ve never had the choice before, Cas. I need this.”
So he helped them pack the boxes, helped them move into their new house. It wasn’t that far off from where the bunker was (Sam had promised to not move too far away) and Dean was comfortable with the space between them. It was time they split up for good, and Dean knew that Eileen would treat his brother right. But it was still a sad day for everyone.
“Shit, I’m sorry, man.” He grumbles, guilt piling down on him. “I should’ve took you out shopping for something for the winter… I don’t even think you have enough blankets to keep you warm, do you?” Cas shakes his head, and that’s when Dean realizes what he has to do. It takes more courage than he’s had this past week, but deep down inside he’s a good person, and fear can’t come in the way of that. So he gives Cas some appropriate clothes to change into-- hoodie and sweatpants-- and then comes the hard part. He invites him into bed. Literally.
It’s cold out, and he usually spends the days in his room covered under piles of blankets cuddled up with Miracle. It’s nice, and it’s a safe haven for him-- because it seems whenever he leaves the room he bumps into Cas. In the kitchen, in the living room, the man pops up everywhere. It’s awkward, since they still haven’t addressed the elephant in the room even after days of Cas being there. Eventually, though, they’re forced to.
And, of course, that’s also when the heating goes out. So not only are they stuck inside together, but they’re also slowly turning into popsicles. “Dean, we have to do something about the c-cold.” Cas says to him later that evening, hovering in the entrance of his room. The man is awkward, avoiding eye contact as usual. Dean is the same way, though, so he can’t blame him. With a sigh, he crawls out from under his cocoon of blanket, Miracle whining as he does so. He immediately shivers from the loss of warmth, and can suddenly understand why Cas is shaking there in nothing but a thin button up with slacks. It’s not very ‘for the weather.’
“Thank you, Dean,” and then, “do you want to talk about it?” The question seemed to make Dean even more flustered, even though Cas didn’t specify exactly what he wanted to talk about. It could be about his death, his revival once more-- but they both knew it was about the love confession. The rest they would get to later. After Dean stopped fussing with the sleeves of his shirt and managed to sit down, Cas took the spot next to him and give him an encouraging smile.
Finally, Dean rolls off of the other man, swiping a hand over his wet cheeks before pulling Cas into a hug once they’re on their feet. “I missed you, man.” He says, burying his face into the crook of Cas’ neck. He smells like blood and mothballs. Fleetingly, Dean wonders how long Cas has been in the empty. He isn’t sure how time works there-- how long Cas had to sit there, wallowing through his worst memories over and over again. It hurts him, knowing that it was his fault. He was the reason Cas had to endure that pain.
celebrate. They’d have a shitty little Christmas tree with shitty ornaments hung from the weeping branches, and the only presents they had were from each other. Those were always the most meaningful, though. The memories are sad, but nostalgic. Things are different now, though.
“I love you, too.” Dean blurts out, then immediately slaps a hand over his mouth. He had meant to say it, but to actually hear the words out loud was completely different. He never thought he’d be able to, but there they were now, lingering in the air. Cas was just staring at him like he’d grown two heads, and Dean had the feeling he looked the same. They sat like that for what seemed like forever before Miracle’s whining snapped him out of his daze. He glanced at the dog who, seeming to sense the tension in the air, was looking back and forth between the two men as if to say “what are you idiots doing just say something.” And, well, Dean had to agree with the animal. This was rather absurd.
They hug properly after that, and Dean is happy. Everyone is in one piece, including his baby nephew, and he can properly say now that that’s one of their biggest wins.
“I’ll do whatever you want. Anything-- I swear.” Silence. He sighed, and took a seat on the smooth, obsidian floor. And he waited.
Dean doesn’t respond right away. He’s too distracted. Seeing Cas hold a baby… It brings up a lot of thoughts. Particularly about how fucking adorable they look. Cas is so
An hour passed-- the amount of time he needed to walk to the nearest store. The people passing him by gave him strange looks, and he realized eventually that it was because his clothes were covered in blood and he looked like a
“You made my Christmases a hell of a lot better, you know?” He says. “You didn’t have to, but you did it in anyways. You did all you could, Dean.” Sam pulls away and gives him a stern look. “Okay? I don’t want you beating yourself up today. Look at where we are now, look how far we’ve come… I’ve got a son, a wife. It’s more than I ever expected to get in this life, and you’re part of the reason for that.”
Things are going steady. Dean had managed to get a job as a firefighter in the time that had passed. The training wasn’t that terrible, considering he was used to the stress and urgency of saving people. Cas didn’t like the idea at first, told him that he thought the days of risking injuries and losing others was something they had left in the past. But it was something Dean realized he needed-- and this time, it was his choice.
Dean is sobbing like a baby, half-drunk already and severely emotional. He’s leaning his head on Cas’ shoulder and wiping his tears and snot on the other man’s suit jacket (Cas doesn’t seem to mind, at least). After all is said and done, Dean drags Cas out onto the dance floor. He picks ‘Can’t Help Falling in Love’ for their first song, and he tries not to cry again as they dance together.
Sam calls Dean one day, voice a mixture of excitement and nervousness. “Am I on speaker? Put me on speaker-- actually, no, make it facetime.” It’s 11pm on a Monday night, and Dean had just been planning on heading to bed, but he does as he’s told with a grumble, wondering what Sammy could possibly want to tell him this late when he knows he has to get up early.
“I need to get back to Dean Winchester.” He said. “Dean… He needs me.” He averted his eyes from The Empty's piercing gaze, instead opting to stare at the black beneath his feet. He wanted to turn away, hide his emotions from the evil in front of him; it was never good to be vulnerable around enemies. Maybe lying
And he did. The whole story-- minus the parts about Dean’s prayer and how The Emptyhad mocked his love for the man. Besides all that, he filled them in with all the important parts. The deal, losing his grace, etc. It took up the most of their trip, well into the night. The brothers in turn filled him in on their adventures with Chuck, and Cas felt even more relief at the fact he was finally defeated. When they finally arrived back to the bunker, Sam turned to him. “I’m happy you made it back-- even though you lost your grace again. We missed you a lot.”
Castiel has no idea how fast or slow time passes here, or how much time passes on earth in comparison. What seems like minutes could be years, and vice versa. It’s not like that mattered anyway. You don’t need time in eternity. What’s there to keep track of? That thought doesn’t make him sad, just… Lonely. He misses his found family, but the memories they’ve shared together are more than enough. The laughs, the tears, the love… They keep his heart warm. Dean keeps his heart warm.
Dean and Cas stayed for dinner, eating pizza out of a cardboard box on the floor since there was still no furniture set up yet. “You know, this is nice.” He said. “I mean, it sucks we’re not gonna see you as much, but this… This is what we deserve. After everything. This is what I’ve always wanted for you. To grow up, to live a peaceful life, and settle down with someone nice. I’m… I’m proud of us.” He murmured to Sam as Cas and Eileen chattered nearby.
“Dean, please go the speed limit.” Cas says in a voice of warning. If he was still an angel, Dean is sure he’d be forced to move from his heavenly mojo powers, but as it was right now, Cas could do nothing but place a very tight and rather painful grip on his shoulder. “Watch out for the truck--
Seconds passed by, minutes soon following. All that Cas could hear was the buzz of the line, and for a moment, he thought that Dean had hung up again before the man spoke, “It’s really you, huh.” He sounded more sober this time, and Cas hoped he had drunk some water-- but maybe it was just the shocking piece of information that made him sober up. “Yeah, it’s me.”
Balthazar smirks triumphantly. "I have a big date planned for Cassie and myself this weekend. I'm going to ask him then."
Castiel almost thinks the conversation over until, so quietly he almost doesn’t hear it, as though Jack is afraid of the response it will garner, Jack says, “He prays for you, you know.”
He backs down a bit in the face of a pissed off Bradbury (because damn if Charlie didn't get her mother's temper). "What!?" Because really? What the hell is going on here?
As he walks out his front door two hours later, his grandmother’s bid of, “Have fun and be careful,” somehow seems to carry a whole different sort of weight.
Morning comes far more quickly than Castiel expects it to, especially considering he spends all night tossing and turning, far too amped up with excitement and nerves to get any proper kind of sleep. Even as Cas, Dean, and Charlie all convene around the center island of the Winchesters' kitchen, joking and laughing as they make a general mess in the process of cooking and eating breakfast, he isn't able to quell his jitters. He finds himself wondering if dating is supposed to make you this nauseated. He's pretty sure he's never seen Dean or Charlie turn green before a date (barring, of course, that time Charlie ate those bad oysters at the country club Gilda's parents were members of).
Like this, under the blankets that block out the room, listening to Charlie’s snoring and occasionally mumbled nonsense, he can almost pretend last night never happened. He can almost pretend he’s a kid again, can pretend that the quiet breaths of Dorothy actually belong to Cas (they’re different; Dean never knew before that he could identify Cas by the sound of his breathing as he sleeps, but he realizes now that he can - the soft catches in breath when he’s dreaming, the way he grunts unhappily when he rolls over, the wet, smacking sound as he licks his lips; he wishes he couldn’t do it now), and that the three of them have had a sleep over and everything is normal. He can almost pretend that they’ll wake up and go play games or watch movies or suck up to Mrs. Shirley in the hopes that she’ll make her special french toast breakfast for all of them.
“Ah, I hope Cassie and I didn’t miss too many shenanigans,” Balthazar says, and he actually sounds like he means it.
Castiel bristles, and unconcerned with whether or not Balthazar is quite done with that point, he all but shouts, “We talked about that already! You said you understood!”
So I've had the edits back from my beta for probably a week now, but real life had a way of continually catching up to me. However, here we go!
He turns his attention back to Charlie when she says, “Hoo boy then, let’s get started! How about we begin with the fact that you were obsessed with him when we were five? You couldn’t stand for him to be out of your sight.”
He follows Dean through the park, through the small playground, to the monkey bars that had already been old when they were children and now seem like more of a health hazard than anything else, what with their exposed metal and chipping paint. They’re almost certainly unusable at the height of summer.
“You can’t just - You can’t just say all that to a guy and then go die. Or disappear. I just - Cas, I’m so fucking tired of you leaving me behind because you think you know what’s best!”
Dean sighs, having to admit he's lost this one. Besides, if anyone knows if something is going on with Anna, it'd be Cas, right? “Do you know if something's bothering Anna?”
“Only these two,” Dorothy points first at Charlie and then at Dean, “reminiscing about all the shit they used to get up to while they got way too drunk off Charlie’s parents’ beer.”
"Dude, what's wrong with you?" he finally asks. The last thing he expects is the vicious glare Cas sets on him, so harsh it knocks the breath out of Dean. They stare at each other for what feels like hours, awkward silence crackling between them, completely oblivious to the party raging around them.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s totally fine, dude.” He scurries in to the kitchen before Cas can catch his face turning red. Which is dumb, because it’s not like they haven’t shared clothes plenty of times before, sometimes for unplanned sleepovers like this, along with any other myriad reason. But this is the first time it will have happened since Dean realized he has feelings for the guy, and that…. That makes it a little different. Dean tries to remind himself that it’s nothing, it’s still Cas, and Cas has a boyfriend to boot. He shouldn’t be feeling weird about this, and he certainly can’t act weird about it.
"Good!" Charlie chirps. "Then it'll just be the three of us, just like old times. We'll all meet at your car?"
Cas wants desperately to point out that, yes, he does know Anna, that he knew Anna before any of them, actually, as they are in all the honors classes together and went to church together their whole lives up until Cas stopped going. He wants to point out that Anna doesn't come to these parties not because she is against the underage fraternization, but because she has an image in the town to keep up (he knows she isn't against it because in freshman and sophomore year, the two of them had spent plenty of weekends at her older boyfriend's frat house, getting wasted in every sense of the word, though Cas is sure he's the only one that knows that, as Luke has long since been a thing of the past and she'd hid his existence well to begin with). He also wants to point out that if he'd known Dean was going to be such a bad friend after they started dating, that he never would have introduced them to begin with (because how else would someone like Dean Winchester get on Anna Milton's radar other than through a mutual friend).
The phone ringing against his ear breaks off his thought. His heart is in his throat and he taps his foot nervously, feeling more and more desperate with each subsequent ring.
“But it meant something to you,” Dean insists, then mentally kicks himself. God, he's really bad at this cheering up thing, isn't he?
Cas stops what he's doing to level a deadpan stare, first, at the comic in Dean's hands, and then at Dean himself. "You're one to talk about being a nerd."
He'd been worried. Dean had been honest-to-God worried about Cas's health. He'd felt fucking bad for being a shitty friend all summer. He'd planned on doing everything in his power to get Cas to forgive him, and instead, Cas wasn't even sick. Instead, he'd been off gallivanting with some arrogant douche bag! And that is just wrong on so many levels!
“I’ll see you at school tomorrow,” he says as he exits, for the first time finally just forgoing any other sort of goodbye ritual couples do. He avoids eye contact with Balthazar and walks inside, not showing any of the anxiety he feels about it all until he has the door closed behind him. That’s when he finally drops his bag and slides to the floor, resting his head on his bent knees.
Sam and Eileen let out matching, frustrated groans. “We were supposed to be the ones to tell you that.” Eileen signs as she speaks, and Dean lets out a chuckle. There’s a happiness buzzing inside him, something that he never thought he’d feel one day, but is unbelievably grateful he has the chance to. Because Dean Winchester is going to be an uncle-- and that is something he’d never even known he’d be able to say one day, let alone think.
“Look I told you to fuck off, alright? This isn’t funny. I don’t know if you’re a demon or a different kind of douchebag but so help me God I will hunt you down and-”
Dean does-- forget his lines, that is. He’s standing there as Cas walks up, and he can barely breathe-- let alone speak. Jody has to whisper some of the lines to him (she’s their officiant) and Dean repeats them in a mumble. Despite his earlier anxieties, he finds he could care less about what the people in the crowd think of him. All he cares about is right in front of him in the form of flushed, tan skin, and glowing blue eyes.
So he went for it. He leaned across the dog, face mere inches from the other man’s, but then stopped. And stared. He looked into Cas’ wide blue eyes, savoring the utter astonishment and hope there, before finally sealing their lips together in a gentle kiss. It was sweet and lasted only a few seconds, but it was enough to have Dean feeling like he was floating. His heart was bursting within his chest, as if the touch of the other man’s lips was the one thing to set it off. It felt amazing, and he wondered in the back of his mind why he waited so damn long for this.
“Are you ready?” His head snaps up at Cas’ voice, and he takes in a deep breath, then nods. Cas smiles and takes his hand, and right when they’re about to knock, the door is being opened. An older woman draped in blue scrubs is holding a baby, and Dean feels his heart stutter as he looks down at the little bundle of cloth and, hiding beneath it, a small red face.
“It’s me, Dean.” Cas said, hoping his voice didn’t sound too wobbly over the phone, because he was on the verge of tears at just hearing the other man’s voice. There was a sharp intake of breath on the other side of the line, and then a hiss. “Fuck off.” And then it went dead. Cas blinked down at the phone, wondering what the
“Are you just going to stare, or are you gonna answer me?” Cas asks, but there’s no annoyance in his voice, just a gentle push for an answer. Dean gives him a smile, then nods. He pulls out his phone to snap a quick photo of the two, then a selfie with all three, before he actually gets around to answering.
You can cut the tension with a butter knife whenever they’re alone in a room together, or even just passing by. There’s no way to avoid it, though, when they’re suddenly locked in together. Snow is piled behind the entrance of the bunker door, and there’s no way for either man to push it open-- especially with Cas completely human again. No useful angel mojo anymore.
Her voice leaned from amused to angry in a matter of seconds, and before he knew it, a piercing pain had shot up his arm. He grunted in pain, flinching and trying to pull back before he realized this is what he needed to let happen. He squeezed his eyes shut, grinding his teeth together and trying to focus on something else.
He and Cas tumble to the floor, a tangle of limbs and echoing groans coming from both men. Dean doesn’t try to move, though. Cas is below him, and they both sort of just… Stare at each other for a while. “Dean…” Cas finally speaks, voice the familiar low rumble that Dean has grown to love over the years. He can feel his eyes begin to water, relief sinking into his tired bones
He gives Sam a side hug as he look down at his nephew. Everyone is silent as they watch Bobby coo and smile, chubby hands curled around two of Eileen’s fingers. “You’re going to be a great dad, Sammy.” He says, looking into Sam’s shining eyes. “This is your family now, and it’s gonna be a hell of a lot better than what we had. I promise.”
“Good afternoon, everyone!” He starts out. “As you all know, I’m Sam, aka Dean’s little brother-- even though we all know I’m the more mature one.” Dean rolls his eyes as the crowd laughs, and Sam gives him a cheeky smile.
“Let's go home.” Sam says. And they do. They drive in silence, and Dean doesn’t try to break it. He’s comfortable and wants to savor in the feeling of getting such a big win. When they get back, though, he’s anything but calm. He pounds up the stairs, and Sam doesn’t bother asking why. Dean has a feeling that he knows, and for some reason that doesn’t seem to bother him anymore.
They talk for a while, everyone catching up and enjoying the company. Jack tells him about heaven, and about what they’re doing to change it for the better. “No more walls,” they say. “Everyone you love, all together. Not just memories, but actual people.” Dean likes the sound of it. He thinks about what his heaven will look like-- Cas, Sammy, Bobby… Everyone he loves, all together. There’s a contentment inside him from the thought.
Just like that, the anxiety curling in Dean’s chest begins to unfurl, and he feels like he can breathe again. “Thank God, you scared the shit out of me.” He muttered. “And no, you know I didn’t pay attention. I was too busy scoring chicks while you were being a nerd.” He ruffles Sam’s hair with the hand that’s not still clasped with Cas’, and savors the sweet moment, letting it come and go before he turns his attention to the rest of the people in the room. Eileen is talking to Jody and Donna from her hospital bed as Alex, Kaia, Claire, and Jack converse on the other side of the room. His heart bursts with joy at the sight of them, and of his found family. They’re all together again, and this time it’s for something good. There’s no end of the world situation, no death, just the joy of birth and celebration.
Dean feels choked up as Cas continues. “And I know that’s hard for you to do. It’s okay if you have flashbacks, or if you’re feeling overwhelmed. All you have to do is tell me, and I’ll be here for you. Always.” He finishes, and Dean sniffles, wiping a hand across his wet face. Cas gets him. He doesn’t understand completely, but he gets him. He’s there for Dean, and to him, Cas is still an angel for that.
“I can’t fix the heat yet until Sam gets back-- which, I already texted him and he should be back by morning-- but until then you can, um, stay in here if you want.” He says (more like mumbles) the words. “There’s enough blankets for both of us and I figured body heat will keep us warm, you know? But like, not from each other obviously. I meant Miracle. Miracle’s…. Body heat.” Yeah, he’s a total mess. There’s no way he’s getting through this without making a giant fool of himself.
“Shut it.” He mutters, rubbing the back of his neck as he looks away from the camera. He and Cas hadn’t even brought up the idea of kids yet-- not to mention the fact that Dean was terrified of passing down whatever the fuck was wrong with him to whatever unfortunate child popped out. Of course, there was always the option of having Cas as the biological dad, but then again, would that even be possible? Sure, Cas was human, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t pass down a Nephilim-- which was another terrifying thought he hadn’t even considered before, God.
“Shit, Cas, what happened?” He asked, and Cas let out a tired sigh. “I’ll explain in the car.” He replied.
“I’ll do it.” He said with determination. The Empty seemed surprised by this, eyes widening a fraction. She seemed to quickly recover though, expression smoothing out into one of curiosity instead. “I know it kinda sucks down here, but earth is no better. Why do you want to get out so bad?” She murmured in fascination, leaning forward in her throne. Cas wondered if he should lie about his reasons, but then decided it didn’t matter. He had nothing to lose.
“That’s… That’s really beautiful, Sammy. I can’t wait to meet them.” He says, and he means it. “Shit, you gotta tell Jack and Jody-- and the girls. They’re gonna be so excited… But you gotta be careful, too. I mean, if you’re still involved with hunters there’s the possibility your little junior could get hurt or--” He feels Cas’ hand on his knee, and turns to look at him. Cas leans forward then, giving him a small kiss on the nose. Dean can feel the anxiety in his chest loosen from just the small brush of lips against his skin, bad energy melting away as his heart pounds furiously in his chest, then less so.
"At the least," Charlie responds primly. When her blush finally fades, she looks back over at Dean, wearing a slightly concerned, slightly serious expression. "Did you guys talk about Balthazar at all?"
“Cassie-” Balthazar starts, the judgement and impatience in his tone causing something in Cas to snap.
Hesitation flashes across Castiel’s face for a moment, quick but enough to have Dean’s stomach start to sink, but then he nods. “Yes, Dean, I would like that very much.”
Dean wakes up Sunday morning with a dry mouth and a queasiness that isn’t fully the fault of pilfered booze. He curls deeper into his pile of blankets and pillows on the floor, pulling one of those blankets over his head. He takes measured breaths through his nose to avoid throwing up from the hangover, and he listens intently to Charlie’s soft snores coming from the direction of the bed to avoid throwing up from his nerves.
And then Dean is pulling away and Castiel’s heart sinks and then flips back up into his throat again in the space of time it takes for Dean to pull back and place his hands on either side of Castiel’s face, to stare into his eyes.
He doesn’t try to pull an Anna, though and show up as close to the bell as he can in order to avoid her. Instead, he’s there before her, as usual. He hears her hurrying to her seat next to him before he sees her lean over to him.
“I - I told you,” Cas struggles for words, not wanting this encounter to devolve any further than it already has, “that.” He waves his hands vaguely, as though the motion can encapsulate the entirety of his confession, his feelings for this man before him.
Everyone is staring at Dean, barely breathing, until Balthazar breaks the silence. "Look, I think you're over-reacting."
“I just need a little longer, Jack,” he says, and the air around them shifts ever so slightly, a signal of Jack’s acceptance of Castiel’s words, even if he doesn’t truly understand the reasoning behind them.
He turns up the music as Charlie slumps in the backseat and Cas shoots her a pitying (though no less smug) look.
As Charlie's breathing evens out, guilt claws up Dean's insides. Is he still being a shitty friend? The thought makes him want to hit something! It seems like no matter what he does, he keeps hurting Cas. Well, not anymore! Dean vows to himself that he's going to do everything in his power to be the supportive best friend Cas deserves. Besides, it's their last year together before they're off to college. Does Dean really want to waste it in a string of pretty fights? The answer is of course not, yet Dean still can't get over this feeling. He's about resolved to go and get Cas so they can talk this out when the door opens again, and Cas silently makes his way across the room to his blanket pile. Something twists in Dean's gut, making him feel sick. Is Cas really happy? Does he really like that sleaze bag?
So Castiel ruminates, but perhaps not for as long as he ought to. Certainly not as long as he has been thinking about and avoiding Dean up to this point.
And just like that they're all laughing, all traces of awkwardness completely forgotten. They all fall into easy conversation until a tall, blond boy walks up to their table. Cas can't help but think 'swaggers' might be the more appropriate term.
That one goes straight through his heart because she's right. They've been best friends since they were four, but yet he somehow missed this. He refuses to take all the blame, though, because after fourteen fucking years Cas should have learned how to fucking tell Dean he was mad at him!
Dean isn't much better off, though. He tries to show her a good time, honestly he does. He wants to give her the homecoming experience she deserves, because she definitely deserves a good one after putting up with his ass. He tries his best to keep his eyes on her instead of wandering to Cas, but it's useless. Now that the idea has been put in his head, he can't help looking at him in a completely different way, can't help feeling even sicker as he watches Cas and Balthazar dance together, as he watches Balthazar's hands travel up and down Cas's back. It eventually gets to be too much, and he decides that it's really best for everyone tonight if Dean only has eyes for Anna, so that's what he does, trying to appreciate how beautiful she looks, instead. He doesn't try to win her back though, doesn't even think about it. There wouldn't really be any point.
He feels so tired, staring at the ceiling of his room as though it holds all the answers to the universe. Or maybe he just wishes it held the answers to this situation. He doesn't know how things got this bad, and he doesn't really know how to fix them. He doesn't get why Cas would lie or omit things. Aren't they best friends? Aren't they brothers? It drains him to think about too much because he doesn't know if he knows the right answers anymore. But Charlie is right- they do need to talk.
He clears his throat. “Yes, sorry, was just making a mental list of what I need to get.” It’s a horrible lie, and both he and the brothers know it, but thankfully no one comments on it.
, he would be able to say it had been exactly one hour and thirty-seven minutes). Anna is, surprisingly and unsurprisingly, absent (it's surprising in the sense that to see Dean without her is an oddity now-a-days, but unsurprising because perfect Anna Milton would never be caught dead at a place where underage students were drinking). Dean casually strolls up to them, high-fiving and greeting all the usual suspects along the way, and he seems so wholly unaware of what a bad friend he's been that it almost makes Cas's blood boil.
For a moment, Dean's stomach drops out, but he mostly recovers as Charlie keeps talking. This… this is actually more than okay. This means he doesn’t actually have to talk to Cas about the break up and face questions, at least not immediately. Lunch can be a little less awkward, and any quirks Dean may suddenly develop can be blamed on that. This is his best case scenario right now.
“You built all this for him,” Jack mumbles quietly, almost petulantly, like a scolded child. Well, the boy is only technically three, after all. Castiel supposes he can forgive him that. Besides, for all the eons Castiel has lived himself, it’s not precisely like he’s learned how to act properly mature.
"Hey! Don't forget Bradbury wrath!" Charlie says, wrapping an arm around Cas's shoulders and ruffling his hair.
Castiel and Charlie both stumble as Dorothy comes up behind them and throws her arms over their shoulders.
“I know that, alright!” Dean shouts. Suddenly, he’s exhausted. His head hurts, and his eyes burn. Honestly, all he really wants is to curl up in bed for the next year. He presses the heels of his palms against his eyes, more calmly saying, “I know that.” All the fight has drained out of him. He’s screwed up, and he knows it. “I just… Fucking hell, Charlie, it hurts! Cas is with that guy and…” He chokes on his words. “He’s with him and he’s fucking him. He’s losing his virginity to the uppity douche bag, and maybe that could’ve been me if I’d gotten my head out of my ass long enough.” He doesn’t realize he’s crying until Charlie is on the ground beside him, wrapping her arms around him and stroking his back.
. Honestly, he isn’t sure of the truth behind either of those statements, not anymore. He knows he is being a coward, that he dropped all his feelings at Dean’s feet and then vanished, presumably to never be seen or heard from again. There had been an assurance, a comfort, in that. Having to face the consequences of his choices had never been a consideration, and even after Jack pulled him back, he was supposed to have more time.
Cas doesn’t looked at Jack, doesn’t want to see the mix of hope and positivity there devoid of any judgement or pity. For having become the new equivalent of God, Jack is still so very naive about so many things.
Dean reaches across the space between them to lightly punch Cas in the shoulder. “Hey, it’s nothing. You know I’m here for you.”
Dean rolls his eyes. "Oh, come on. You can't tell me that you and Dorothy actually asked each other."
She's staring at him with wide, hazel eyes, silently imploring for his forgiveness (because as much as he prefers Dean and Charlie's company, Anna is his friend too, more so than people realize, the two of them having clung to each other in the times that meeting their families' expectations proved too much), so he softly bumps her shoulder with his. "Next time you want to kidnap me, be sure to bring better alcohol."
Not much overlap between this chapter and the last, but... that just means all new content? :D Sorry it took so long to get this out. We'll blame the holidays (and certainly not me, oh goodness no).
Balthazar frowns, and it’s honestly a darker expression than Cas was expecting. Balthzar recovers quickly though, expression becoming something more concerned than, well, whatever it could have been called before. “Well that’s unfortunate. Are they alright?”
“So let me get this straight,” Charlie says, pointing a finger at Dean, the rest of her hand comfortably holding onto a beer bottle, “your brilliant, stunning girlfriend broke up with you because she brilliantly gleaned you are in love with your best friend?”
Castiel’s hand stills, and he can actually feel the atmosphere of the room shift. He focuses on not spiraling into a black void of assumptions and anxiety as he sets his own pencil down. “Yes, Dean?”
Charlie makes a sad attempt at a casual shrug. "Just... I don't know. Considering how lunch went yesterday, I thought maybe it would come up?"
“Did he do something!?” she demand, on the defensive apparently as soon as the thought crosses her mind.
No, Castiel very much does not want that. Doesn’t even want to step near his home. Tonight, he wants to just get away. He’ll borrow Dean’s instead, they’ve shared clothes plenty before. It isn’t until Dean is scurrying out of the room and Cas catches sight of how red Dean’s neck is turning, that he realizes that though they’ve shared clothes before, it’s never been with the understanding of more than platonic feelings in play. He’s suddenly very grateful for Dean’s swift exit because he knows he’s blushing too.
Dean nods, but says, “I don’t want to lose him, Mom.” Because apparently that’s the root of his fears. Yeah, okay, he loves Cas, apparently has for ages, which he can live with, probably, even if Cas is with Balthazar. What he can’t live with is what will happen if Cas finds out and it ruins everything.
For a weekend, Castiel avoids his troubles and his life. It’s a nice reprieve. And though come Monday, he’s making his way back into school, he still feels better for it.
"And I'm sorry that I blew you off over the summer. I really had no clue. I was an idiot. You need to start calling me on this shit, man. Don't let me get away with crap like that."
Dean seems completely unaware that she's even spoken, instead throwing accusing looks all around the table. "And you guys all knew!? Right, really funny joke! Let's see how long it takes for neanderthal Dean to figure out we're pulling the wool over his eyes!"
happened, that Balthazar has kidnapped or hurt Cas in someway. When these thoughts cross his mind, he can't help excusing himself to run to the bathroom and call Cas. Every time, he just ends up staring at his phone long enough to talk himself out of it and returns to the group feeling like an idiot. He said he was going to give the guy a chance, didn't he? Cas deserves that much from Dean.
Cas glances down at himself. He should probably shower, which will mean alerting Grandmother to his presence, which will mean explaining why he’s home and not at Dean’s. “Two hours?”
It isn't until later, as he's driving her home with the radio turned down low, neither of them speaking, that Dean remembers the obvious lie Cas had told when Dean had asked him is he knew what was up with Anna. Oh God, he thinks he's going to be sick. Cas can't know,
"Maybe. Could just be the weather changing," is her completely natural sounding response. "But hey, can never be too careful, right?"
He's quickly ripped out of his internal agonizing, and when he looks over to Cas, the guy is staring at him with his forehead scrunched up in concern.
Dean's smile turns slightly shy as he meets Charlie's eyes. "Thanks. I don't think you realize how much you keep us all together."
Cas looks at him, and it feels like he’s staring straight through him, blue eyes somehow bright and burning even in the dim light from the distant streetlights.
They slip back through the house, specifically avoiding the living room turned dance floor at Cas's request, and once they reach the sanctuary of April's old, blue Honda, only then does he pull out his phone to shoot Charlie a text saying he isn't feeling well and went home. They're about halfway down the road when Charlie's response of "hope u feel better. call if u need anythng" comes through, but he doesn't respond and simply pockets his phone once more.
She stares at him, and god damn if it doesn't feel like she's staring into his very soul. “Except that you're in love with someone else.”
If that isn't an arrow straight through Dean's heart, he doesn't know what is. "Dude, no! No way! I don't hate you. Besides, we uh... We both kind of fucked up." He rubs the back of his neck, feeling completely like he's floundering in foreign waters. He's never been the best at the apology thing.
"You can ask him yourself," Dean promises with a comforting smile. "I was worried about him going that date with Balthajerk and told him to call me if he needed anything."
Dean swallows the lump in his throat and pushes back from the table. "Right. Well, my bad. I'll leave you alone then." He does a pretty fantastic job of keeping the emotion out of his voice, if he does say so himself.
and answers, "Hold on just a second," disentangling himself from the cocoon of blankets on the floor and rushing out of the room, Charlie's tittering singsong of, "Is that your boyfriend?" following him down the hall.
Castiel tries not to sulk at her or in her general direction, but from the muffled snickering that she’s obviously trying to cover as coughing, he assumes he doesn’t quite succeed in that.
Cas can feel his cheeks flush and suddenly finds it very hard to look his grandmother in the eye. “No, you can know,” he says lamely.
Either to his credit or testament to just how down he is, Cas doesn’t question him again, so Dean leads on. It isn’t a far walk, and he’s fairly certain Cas catches on not long into it, but they walk in comfortable silence. The stars are bright and the streets are quiet, people either out or sleeping off the tryptophan, and it feels peaceful. It’s not fifteen minutes before they’re at the small park that they used to frequent as kids, the place they met.
The room falls back into silence, and Cas is almost certain Dean is asleep until he hears his best friend ask, "You really like him, huh?"
Somehow, breakups seem to be hard even when you aren’t the one whose relationship ended. At least, this is what Castiel decides on the way home from school while he’s sitting in the passenger seat of Dean’s car. The air isn’t exactly thick between them, and it isn’t what he would call awkward, but yet there is still something there that just seems off about them. It’s a little less noticeable once Sam joins them, but Cas can still feel it, lurking overhead.
He’ll text her later, to make sure she knows that despite everything, he is here for her, but for now, he doesn’t even watch her walk away. His mind is too preoccupied as he stares of the scuff marks on the floor, pondering what a giant, fucking mess this all is. She didn’t say it, but she didn’t have to. Castiel can no longer pretend to be blind to the fact he’s the reason Dean and Anna split up.
Anna's smile is shaky, at best, but Dean'll take it. As she playfully cuffs him on the shoulder, she says, "I guess I really, really kind of like you, too."
It’s Wednesday after school, as they are wrapping up their student council meeting, when Castiel finally manages to to corner her, so to speak. He’s surreptitiously kept an eye on her since they got in, though she’s managed to avoid looking him in the eye as they talk with the rest of the council. She acts perfectly normal in this setting, but this doesn’t surprise him. Nor does it surprise him when she tries to make her exit while he’s preoccupied with one of the sophomore class representatives. He’s been prepared for her to try something like this since the meeting started, so he’s able to give a hasty goodbye to the sophomore and bolt out, backpack already slung over his shoulder. She hasn’t gotten far down the hallway, and it doesn’t take long for him to catch up to her and fall in step beside her.
"The suggestive eye waggle is highly unnecessary." He glances shyly at her. "But yes... I guess I do."
"Charlie," Anna begins, "If you're interested, and if you and Dorothy are free tomorrow, maybe you two, Dean, and I could all go on a double date while Balthazar and Cas enjoy their first?"
"You look like you could use a pick-me-up," she says, expression turning compassionate. When he remains silent, she extends her hand for a handshake. "April Kelly."
He never returns to the lunch room. In fact, he doesn't approach anyone at all. It's Charlie who comes up to him at the end of the day as he's at his locker.
Silence falls again, and just as Cas is about to fall asleep, his phone lights up and starts vibrating.
And he tells Dean about how it wasn’t right, how he walked out after homecoming. Despite the cold, he feels warmed by Dean’s protectiveness when he think Balthazar was actually jerk enough to have kicked Cas out.
From there, lunch is spent listening to Dorothy, Castiel, and Anna complain about and reenact every ridiculous and annoying moment of their council meeting. As he acts at listening, Dean is furiously planning the perfect date to take Anna on and ask her to homecoming. After all, she deserves nothing but the best, especially since things have felt oddly strained between them lately.
His arms flop down beside him as he stares miserably up at the ceiling, feeling completely and utterly lost. "But that's the thing, Charlie. We aren't even fighting. We're just... not talking. I don't get it. I mean... I know I screwed up this summer, but fuck, Charlie! Why didn't he call me out on it?"
Cas actually chuckles, his smile widening. “As nice as that is, Dean, he didn’t kick me out. Actually, I was the asshole. I left while he was asleep.”
“I’m not- “ he chokes. “I like…” He stops again. He doesn’t know the words for what he is, he just knows, “I like Cas.”
There’s the added complication of Dean. Cas has spent enough time since homecoming replaying in his mind the conversation he had with Anna, as well as actually replaying the voicemail he received from Dean. There comes a point when he can no longer deny that clearly Dean apparently has some sort of feelings for him. Once he accepts that, he can’t deny his feelings for Dean either. He isn’t sure how long they’ve existed, but he’s sure it’s been a long while. However, he was able to (mostly) ignore them when it seemed like it was never an option. Once that illusion breaks though? It’s hopeless.
Toying with the cap to her water bottle, she asks tentatively, "Do you think you guys will still be together for homecoming?"
Later that night, the three of them are sprawled all across Dean's room, lights turned off so that they can at least give the illusion they're trying to go to sleep.
Balthazar’s face is pinched, looking like he’s barely reeling his own temper in. “You’re really going to act like this?” he asks, almost disbelieving. “Like you’re the one who has a right to be mad.”
“Okay, first of all, we were five. Second, that’s because he needed protecting! He was a small kid, Charlie,” Dean argues.
Unfortunately, the teacher walks in and the bell rings before he actually gets the chance to tell her anything.
“Good,” Dean says, once his laughter is under control, “because Heaven or not, this place was kind of going to suck if you didn’t.”
And that’s just the situation between him and Dean; never mind the fact that Anna still hasn’t spoken to him.
Heaving a sigh, he formulates the least incriminating version of the story possible. "I met someone Friday night."
Balthazar is clearly avoiding him the next day. At first, Cas can chalk it up to him just not going out of his way to see Cas - no locker visits, no walking to and from class - which is fine, it makes sense. Why should Balthazar go out of his way to come see him after the culmination of the last month that was yesterday? He knows it’s avoidance at lunch, though.
Castiel doesn’t go to school the next day. It’s not like he’s ever made a habit of faking illness, so it doesn’t take more than telling his grandmother that he doesn’t feel well for her to send him back up to bed with a promise of soup delivery. Part of him thinks he should perhaps feel a little guilty for worrying her, for letting her take care of him when the only thing wrong with him is a bruised heart - not even a truly broken one. It’s short lived though, because when his grandmother brings him the soup - tomato with rice - she sits beside him on the bed, pushing his hair back from his forehead with a gentle, loving, eternally patient smile.
“Oh, honey, I don’t care about that,” she promises vehemently, and then she’s hugging him. He drops his hands from his face and hugs her back, letting the tremors of his sobs and anxiety work themselves out as his mom rubs his back, murmuring soft reassurances as he does so.
Dean springs up and moves to sit at the end of the bed where he can reach out and touch Cas, placing a hand on his friend's in hopes it will alleviate some of his discomfort. “Hey, no, well, I mean, a little, yeah, but you need someone to talk to about it, right?”
It's a beautiful day to be at Lawrence's nature center, and as Cas passionately explains about all the different kinds of wildlife exhibits they encounter, Balthazar attentively soaks it all up. They hold hands as they walk about, and Castiel is amazed yet again at how easy it is to be himself around Balthazar.
After that, Dean puts his phone down for good. He knows he won’t be able mask his anger and hurt after that. He spends the rest off the weekend holed up in his room, playing games and eating junk,
, and while Dean knows his little brother is only giving him a hard time, it cuts deeper than he'd like to admit. Anna Milton is perfection in a pale-skinned, redheaded package, and he knows she probably wouldn't have ever given him the time of day if not for Castiel talking him up. Dean doesn't know how he got lucky enough to have the perfect Anna Milton as a girlfriend and the perfect Castiel Shurley as a best friend. Don't get him wrong, he loves Charlie, but they're both pretty low on the totem pole of high school (and life).
Of course, despite it only being the second day of school, Cas is sitting in the library and studying. Dean really doesn't know how Cas and Anna do it, but then again, that's probably why they're top of the class, and he's squarely in the middle.
This is going to be how this story is told- alternating POVs of the same events. I recently read Dean Winchester is a Gay Virgin by bettydays (which, btw, if you haven't yet read, you should, as well as everything else she's ever written), which also uses the tactic. I fell in love with the idea and realized it was the perfect way I wanted to tell this story. Despite the overlap in content, though, I'm hoping it doesn't get too repetitive.
Cas collects his things and the two of them pile into Balthazar’s flashy car. The ride is quiet, save for the radio softly playing in the background. Cas itches to up the volume for some sort of distraction, but he keeps his hand firmly in his lap. They don’t talk at all for the entire drive, Castiel opting, finally, to stare out the window, watching the outside world as they pass it by. At some point, he leans against the cool glass, lets it all flash by in a blur of color.
Dean smiles despite himself. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. And I appreciate it,” he acquiesces with a smile and a shrugs. “We’ll hang out, but my place, okay? Gotta pick Sam up anyway.”
When he steps out onto the front porch, the door shut behind him, he finally lifts the phone back up to his ear. "Sorry about that. It ended up turning into a sleep over."
And he figures she's right about the party- of course it's going well. There's booze and loud music- Lisa's parties are the stuff of high school legend. He's always had a good time at Lisa's (and sometimes with Lisa, though that won't be happening now), and he's prepared to do that tonight until Charlie reminds him of why he almost didn't come, asking, "Where's Anna?"
But the last Friday before senior year, Lisa Braeden throws a giant house party. Normally, Dean would be all for a chance to get three-sheets-to-the-wind wasted before he has to start back to homework and tests, but this year is a little different. He knows before he even asks that Anna won't go. Anna Milton does not go to parties, and that's one large difference between her and Cas. Cas will at least attend and act like a somewhat normal high school student, but Anna swears that the "underage fraternization" is what separates those that get accepted to Brown from those that go to KU.
Dorothy snorts, and when Dean whips around to stare at her accusingly, she isn’t even looking at him. Instead, she’s just lounging on Charlie’s bed, drinking and gazing up at the ceiling.
For his part, Dean seems to flounder for a moment over his words. It’s small, barely noticeable, but Castiel has watched this man for so long, loved him for so long, that to him it’s the loudest moment they’ve had so far.
He makes his exit, an excuse of going to the library falling out of his mouth. It’s not even an actual excuse, just a statement with no real explanation, and he knows he’ll have to answer for it eventually, but that will be later and this is right now.
After spending most all of Sunday watching movies and hanging with his mom, Dean almost feels fully himself again. He even spends the evening playing video games with Sammy. And any lingering malaise? He can totally pass that off to his dad and brother as being bummed about the break up. At some point, Charlie texts to check up on him, and it isn’t a lie when he tells her he’s doing okay. All in all, he goes to bed that night in a much better mind-set than the one in which he woke up. None of this changes the fact that he wakes up on Monday with a what feels like a rock in his gut.
Dean sighs, his hand falling onto the homework in his lap. “You don’t have to play dumb, Cas. I know I left you a weird voicemail Saturday night.”
She smiles wryly. “I only told him I thought you were interested in someone else. I think he thought I was insane. So, no, Dean, if he does by some chance know, it isn't from me.”
"Really? Then when was the last time you saw him?" Charlie puts her hands on her hips in an expression of
It’s easy enough to be okay when he’s home and surrounded by no one but his family; it’s a whole other to have to go to school and face people like Anna and Castiel.
The world spins around Castiel, a dizzying, beautiful, gratifying display of lights that he's never before experienced on any sort of high before this. With every touch and whispered word and breathless laugh, the butterflies in Castiel's stomach roar higher and higher. The experience - roses and candle light - the night - dancing and laughing and a wonderful dinner before it all - the partner - his perfect, sophisticated boyfriend who makes him laugh and never makes him feel odd or strange or different unless it was in a way that lifts him up - they are all perfect, everything Castiel ever could have asked for and more. It isn't until after that he realizes that just because everything is perfect, that doesn't mean it's
As they walk into the house, Sam shouts out, “We’re home!” before running straight towards the kitchen. John’s voice comes from the direction of the living room, welcoming them home over the sound of the TV.
The other redhead smiles prettily. "It was nice. Relaxing. Felt a little under the weather myself on Saturday, but pepped back up quick enough."
He realizes as he comes up to them that it really has been awhile since they all hung out, and says as much himself. "Hey guys, long time no see, how's it going?"
Cas smiles at her. "Um... I'm not sure? We haven't even been on one date yet. We just spent the whole weekend talking."
"Sounds dashing! When do I get to meet him? You know Queen Charlie has to approve of all potential love interests!"
She hums in thought for a moment. “I won’t say it will be easy, necessarily, but I hope you know I value our friendship more than a guy.”
Dean screws his eyes shut, wishing desperately he could fall asleep, if only the guilt would leave him alone long enough. Even if he doesn't think he wants to know the answer, doesn't want Charlie to have proved him wrong, he has to know. For Cas's sake.
He can’t meet her eyes, his head feeling too heavy. He babbles, “Charlie, Charlie, shit, I had to tell him.”
Charlie watches him speculatively, slowly lowering the pillow. They have a brief staring match before Dean sighs in defeat, rubbing at his face tiredly.
Thankfully, Cas agrees and doesn’t call him out on the fact that they’ll have to go by Cas’s place regardless to pick up clothes for him, since he’ll inevitably wind up staying over anyway. Dean doesn’t think he could come up with a good excuse to cover the fact he doesn’t know if he can necessarily be alone with his best friend right now.
They hang up, and Cas briefly wonders if they should be saying something like “love you” when they hang up. He brushes it off. Sure, they’ve had sex, but that doesn’t equal love. It’s enough that they’re happy right now.
He just grins wider, and then turns his attention to Cas. "What about you, Cas? Anna said you guys had some rough stuff this year."
He could possibly accept Anna’s odd behavior if not for Charlie’s equally bizarre behavior during physics.
Castiel chews on this information for a time. He’s considered asking Jack what it is, exactly, that Dean asks for in his prayers, but that seems like a breach of privacy. After all, Dean is praying to Jack, not to Cas. If Dean wanted Cas to know what was on his mind, he’d just be praying to him.
Cas finally snaps out of his stupor, stumbling over his words to say, “No, no, you weren’t any of those things, Balth. You were perfect. I should- I am apologizing because what I did, I was wrong. I was so, so wrong to run off like that.”
Charlie claps a hand down on his shoulder. “Real talk- you’re astoundingly stubborn and oblivious, that’s how you didn’t know.”
Thanksgiving at the Winchesters’ is a flurry of comfort and anxiety. The house is full of people, many familiar to Castiel, even if in varying degrees. He has spent so many holidays with Dean and his family that no one questions it anymore. He and his grandmother are a part of the family, more so than they are with Castiel’s actual family. However, unlike actual family, the extended Winchester/Campbell/Harvelle/Singer tribe don’t pry into Castiel’s life. This is not a complaint on his part, especially not this year. While Sam and Dean are questioned on everything from girlfriends to college plans, conversation with Castiel remains light. Were the gathering smaller, he’s sure Mary or Ellen or even perhaps Bobby would delve a little deeper, but in the presence of Dean’s cousins and grandparents and aunts and uncles, they would never. So Castiel gets to, blessedly, skate by with minimal words and bland smiles and appropriately timed laughs.
Over all, it’s a raucous affair, full of love, food, and the occasional playful jibe (there is one time when Dean’s grandfather starts in on politics, but he’s quickly and strategically derailed, leaving Sam and Dean to roll their eyes at each other). Even Cas seems in better spirits than he has been in awhile, or at least he seems to be until things start to wind down. As clean up starts and family that lives farther away starts to file out, Cas once more seems to deflate, and while Dean would like to believe it’s just the oncoming food coma, a kick ass turkey should never make anyone look quite that sad.
Flashes of an obviously drunken voicemail play through his head, followed by a flashing spike of anxiety. He watches Dean through the corner of his eye, trying to be as inconspicuous about it as possible. The way neither Dean nor Anna are talking about it - not talking to him about it - makes him wonder if it has something to do with him. It seems impossible, but… No, he isn’t going to go down that path. It is utterly ridiculous and impossible no matter how he looks at it. Anna has never shown anything more than sisterly affection towards him, and she knows he’s gay besides. Hell, she’s been one of his top supporters when it came to Balathazar this whole time. Sure, she hasn’t spoken to him much lately, but he doubts that has much to do with any secret romantic feelings. Anna is just a private person, that’s all.
It's about ten in the morning when he finally hears back from Cas, "it's ok. i understand. we'll talk later. not feeling well today." He feels guilty somehow, unsure if Cas really does feel bad or if he's avoiding him. He wants to ask Cas if he should come over, but something stops him. He doesn't want to bother Cas if he doesn't want to see him, so instead he responds, "thats cool. hope u feel better. call me whn u do?" He feels a little better when Cas says he will.
It takes everything Cas has to bite his tongue, already loosened by the cheap booze, but he can't manage to stifle the glare. He knows Charlie and Dorothy are both waiting with baited breath to see how this plays out, wondering if they'll have to field a fight between the two.
Castiel kind of wants to throttle Anna in that moment, especially when he glances the ill-concealed amusement in her eyes. Everyone else is too focused on him to notice though.
“Anna?” His voice is rough, voice cracking from disuse because shit like that always happens when things are already awkward enough. He clears his throat and tries again. “Anna, Cas doesn't know, does he?” He tries to ignore how his heart is up in his throat, beating faster than can possibly be healthy.
Monday and Tuesday also see no signs of Cas joining them for lunch. Lunches are just awkward in general given that Charlie seems to know
that way? Charlie and Castiel were about in tears." She never once raises her voice, but he would almost prefer she had, the ice of her tone is far worse than angry shouting could ever be. It's enough to cool him off, to make him start actually taking in what happened.
“I was… I don’t know, not having regrets, just…” Cas sighs, obviously feeling frustrated with himself. “Nothing felt right. I just didn’t want to be there anymore. I had thought I wanted that, wanted him, but I think maybe it wasn’t him, after all.”
"Kidding about what?" Anna asks as she, Castiel, and Dorothy approach the table and take their seats.
Before any of them know it, October is gone, most of November is gone, and college testing is gone, too. Granted, Cas and Charlie will probably take the SATs one more time in December, depending on their scores, but Dean is done! He suspects Dorothy is, too, though they haven’t really discussed it.
Dean watches as Cas slides out of the car and heads to the door, driving off only once Cas is inside. He pushes aside the feeling of being sick, wondering if it was something he ate. The only way he avoids hoping the sausage this morning was bad enough to ruin Cas's date is by reminding himself that he has his own in a few hours.
Cas stares her down, feeling frustrated. “Why?” he asks again, sterner this time. “I get not eating lunch with us, but why are you avoiding me? I don’t understand why things have to change with us!”
Speaking of next chapter! I would love, love, love to pick up a beta for this fic! (Or just in general if someone would be so kind lol!) If you think you would at all be interested, you can either let me know in a comment or via DM on one of the below platforms!
If feels like a bucket of ice has just been poured over him. Numb, he mutter, “'Him?'” Dark hair and shy smiles flash across his mind, and
Dean ignores the way his stomach churns acidicly at the thought that there will be a next date for Cas and Balthazar and, instead, says, "If you need anything, don't hesitate to call me, okay? I'll come and get you as fast as I can."
It doesn't escape his notice that Dorothy and Balthazar are also wearing the same expression. He bites the inside of his lip, unable to look any of them straight in the eye. It's the only way he can answer, "Yeah, what about you?" without crying like he wants to.
The rest of October is uneventful for Dean. After the dust settles from homecoming, it seems like he has to jump right into studying non-stop for his upcoming ACT test. He somehow also gets roped into the study groups Cas, Charlie, and Dorothy have for the SATs, even though he isn’t even taking it. Still, for once he doesn’t complain about the studying (too much, anyway) since the constant studying and subsequent constant exhaustion keeps his mind off of both Cas and Anna. Mostly, anyway. Not thinking about Anna is easier, since he never really sees her. He’s also noticed she doesn’t seem to be hanging out with Cas either, which is something he has a hard time escaping the guilt of, especially knowing that if not for him, they’d likely be helping each other study. Instead, Cas is stuck with just him, Charlie, Dorothy, and Balthazar, none of whom are really necessarily on Castiel’s level when it comes to advanced courses and studying.
“You did?” This is news to Cas, and it brings about second thoughts. What if Dean doesn’t really feel anything more than friendship for him? What if that voicemail had been the drunken, confused ramblings of the heartbroken?
Cas nods. “It seemed the easiest option, and I wanted to make it work. I realize now how unfair that was.”
, yet even she looks slightly lost when she says, “I think he just needs some space right now.” It’s a small consolation that when he manages to ask Dorothy about it away from Charlie, she seems to not know any more than he does. She does seem to side with Charlie though that they should give him some space if that’s what he wants, which Dean is trying to do, thank you very much! He hasn’t tried to corner Cas at his locker or anything, and he’s only sent a couple of (unanswered) texts asking if Cas is okay.
Lifting her drink in a mock toast, Dorothy says, “Congratulations on recognizing your big, gay crush. I can’t believe it took you this long.”
Dean doesn't even protest or offer to take her home himself, he doesn't have the energy to. Instead, he finds himself wandering out to the parking lot and just sitting on the curb. He isn't sure how much time passes before Dorothy and Charlie come out and find him.
Dean may blow it off with a laugh and a, "Yeah, yeah," but it doesn't quite set right with him. Actually, nothing about his relationship has set right with him since that night several months ago when they got into a fight on the side of the road. Ever since then, something has seemed different, though Dean can't quite put his finger on what. She hasn't been any clingier, or really any more distant beyond perfectly reasonable excuses, at least not that he can see. Shit, maybe it's all in his head. He's pretty sure no one else has noticed. They haven't brought it up to him if they have.
And his grandmother, warm and loving and kind, had held him in her lap, rocking him back and forth as she whispered these words to him, pressing kisses onto the crown of his head.
Dorothy and Charlie look at each other and then back at him, saying in tandem, “It’s pretty obvious.”
Dean turns on him, eyes flashing dangerously. "Don't talk to me! Just don't even start! You don't have a right."
The two work quietly until Mary gets home, at which point they are requested to help prepare dinner. The time passes pleasantly, Castiel slotting into the family dynamic as only one who was raised as a part of the family can do. After dinner, Dean, Cas, and Sam all hunker down with some video games until it’s time to get ready for bed. All in all, it’s a nice evening, something that Castiel has sorely missed having with Dean. The awkwardness has passed, and things feel like maybe they have finally, finally righted themselves. However, there is one last things that weighs on Cas’s mind as the two lay in the dark, trying to fall asleep.
Her expression turns pitying. "Dean, it's okay to be upset that you guys are fighting, you know. You've been best friends since we were four, and I can probably count on one hand the number of fights you guys have been in since then."
Balthazar heaves a heavy sigh from across the table, and Castiel’s jaw reflexively tightens as he waits for whatever is about to happen while pretending to have his focus 100% on the work in front of him.
know about that?" he groans, wanting badly to bury his face in his hands but unable to due to the books already taking up residence there.
At eleven sharp, Balthazar pulls up in his flashy Audi convertible. Even Cas, who knows next to nothing about cars beyond what Dean has impressed upon him in passionate fits of pique, can tell the car is expensive and impressive. He also knows Dean would hate it, finding it too new and too perfect with not enough character. To Castiel, it doesn't really matter either way, so he doesn't even really know why he's thinking about it when he's always just seen cars as a way to get from point A to point B.
Lunch continues in this way - light-hearted and fun - and Dean almost forgets that anything is wrong at all. At least until he happens to glance across the table while engaged in a spirited debate with Dorothy and catches sight of Castiel whispering something in Balthazar’s ear and pulling away with a smile.
Cas tries not to grimace, but figures if he does he can just pull it off as a reaction to his headache and Charlie's rather violent display. "Why are you hitting me?"
He looks into his mom’s face, ready to explain, before he freezes, suddenly realizing that telling her what’s wrong involves more than just telling her what happened last night. It involves letting her in on the fact that he’s maybe not straight - a fact he hasn’t even fully come to terms with himself. He looks down at his plate, and his half-eaten pancakes stare back at him, rudely offering no answers or solutions. He swallows past the quickly reforming lump in his throat and, head still bowed, glances back up at his mom.
“And yet you’re still not telling me a name.” How she manages to sound both amused at his expense and intimidating at hell, he’ll never understand.
Dorothy responds, "We're at a party, genius, how do you think?" Her delivery is a little snippy, but Dean doesn't think anything of it; that's just how Dorothy is. There was a time they didn't get along at all, her calling Dean a neanderthal, and him calling her stuck up, but once they both realized they were stuck with each other via Charlie, they figured out how to get along. That doesn't mean they don't still give each other a hard time though.
Grace removes the soup from his lap, gently placing it on the bedside table, and then she gathers Castiel up in her arms, once more pressing a gentle kiss the crown of his head.
Anna laughs so hard she snorts. When she calms down enough to catch her breath at all, she shoves Cas playfully, scolding, "Oh shut up."
"Good morning, beautiful," a lilting voice says, and Cas can't help the smile or the blush that rise up on his face as he turns from the books in his locker to face Balthazar.
Lowering her papers just low enough to glare at Castiel over them, Anna grouses, "Sometimes I could really kill Dean for teaching you sarcasm. I think I miss the little boy who used to sit in the church pews and didn't know sass from ass."
Despite the din around them, he can perfectly hear Dean's "What the fuck is his problem?" What he can't hear quite so clearly is Charlie's response, though he's sure she's chewing Dean out on his behalf.
After recovering from his hangover, Castiel spends the whole weekend texting with Balthazar, and while Cas may not be able to remember Friday night, Balthazar at least seems to. After he initially assuages Cas's fears that he made an absolute ass of himself (or was an absolute slut), the two of them wind up endlessly discussing a wide variety of topics, staying up late into the evening both nights, even Sunday night before school starts.
He can almost pretend all of these things, except that almost is just almost. His head hurts in the way only poor choices can bring about, his eyes feel dry and scratchy from crying, and he burns with a shame that above all these other things is impossible to ignore. He remembers last night, not in startling clarity - the edges are blurred and exactitudes are missing and some of the moments skip around like a well-worn vinyl record or a dream that makes just enough sense to fool you into believing it’s real but just little enough that your house was definitely not your house even if it totally was- but it’s enough to make him feel like the stupid kid that he has to suddenly face that he is.
They drive to the nature center with the top down, and Cas immediately forgets any hangups Dean may have about the car at the freeing feeling of the wind whipping through his hair.
Castiel turns back to walk into the library, but Dean's call of, "Hey, Cas!" has him stopping and turning around one more time.
Charlie rolls her eyes so hard he's momentarily concerned they're going to get stuck in the back of her head. "
