“The last surveillance flight is back. No sign of activity.” He turned to the solder at the typewriter with a sigh. “Go get a cup of coffee, corporal.”
"Oh, does my good Christian alpha not like my bad mouth?"
“I need you to stay here, Tony,” the blond said, seeming to ignore what the omega had said completely.
The ride back to the Stark manor was a long one, and Tony sat away from his parents in the car as they rode back. He wanted so badly to curl up in his bed and wake up from the nightmare he was having, but he knew the reality of the situation was that Steve was gone for good. Nothing could fill the emptiness he felt inside, not even the baby that belonged to Steve inside his belly. The pain was constant, and Tony felt like he would never get over losing the alpha he had loved so dearly.
Another big thank you for TiBun for being my beta reader in this fic. Without her, The Strongest Hearts wouldn't have turned out as great as it did. I couldn't be more grateful for her help and encouragement, and for tolerating the long time it took for me to write this fic.
“So dependent on me now, are you?” Tony smirked. “Maybe I’ll stay here where it’s safe and you can send me letters again.”
"I don't know how, but you keep impressing me more and more. Everything you do, it's amazing."
Steve shrugged. “You are nice to look at, especially now.”
“Then you need to tell the colonel not to make you go anywhere until next month, because my heat is due to hit at the end of this month.”
“Well… it’s hard to say right now. I’ve got some bad news…”
“It’s fine, I just… need to tough out my heat and focus on healing.” The brunet looked over at Peggy. “Who was that guy… the one that took me hostage?”
, he told himself. Everything else didn't matter until something happened. He was
"I agree. Maybe we can splurge on some more expensive pajamas in the future." Steve pulled Tony close and nuzzled him. "But for now these are perfect. Wanna get some snacks while we're here as well?"
Tony got up and moved away from backstage to splash some water on his face. War was stressful for everyone, but seemed especially stressful for those who were directly involved in it. Tony didn't
Tony couldn’t argue with Peggy as they ran as fast as they could. They were on a very tight schedule to catch Johann Schmidt, and there wasn’t a second to lose. Even just the little bit of talking with Steve might have jeopardized the mission, and Tony hated to think that, but it was most likely truth. Every little distraction was a tally against them.
Sam rolled his eyes, “Tony asked him out on a date right before you arrived. I think ‘boyfriend’ is a bit strong of a word to use so soon. At least wait until after the date when you have a better idea at dating compatibility.” he shook his head, “Bruce, this is Steve Rogers, a friend I met at the Veteran’s pub. He’s an artist who recently moved to Brooklyn. Steve, this is Doctor Bruce Banner, biochemist and nuclear physicist with Stark Industries.
“You’d be surprised how many alphas who claim to be top of the line would release after only five to ten minutes.” Tony defended.
“You should!”
“I suppose I could be persuaded.”
Something about that… it didn’t feel right. Almost as if Steve was wanting to go to Europe…
Several agents were suddenly surrounding the two, all with hands on their guns clipped to their belt. That only made Steve more upset, and he growled at them, trying to make himself look as big as possible.
“I asked for an army and all I got was you.” Colonel Phillips pursed his lips together. “You are not enough.”
Tony rolled his eyes with a light chuckle through his tears. “Yes, silly. There wasn’t anyone else I ever shared a heat with.”
“Tony’s reputation comes from somewhere.” she said, “This is a tame, but still
"Wonder why…" Bucky glanced back at the two, who had started a makeout session just outside the elevator. He sighed and turned back to Clint. "I can show you your room while those two are busy. I don’t think they’ll want to do anything else but each other for a while.”
When Tony had finally gotten around and hurried down the stairs, he saw Steve standing at the front door talking to a man dressed in an army uniform. Tony’s blood froze in his veins as he picked up on bits of the conversation.
“Steve, you’re not really going to do this, are you,” Tony asked, sounding a bit more desperate than he intended.
much fucking trouble, young man. You have no
“What are you making?” Tony asked, opening a cabinet and looking at the boxes of cereal they had, considering a snack before his meal.
"You know… these aren't your only two options. Dancing money, lab rat, none of that is really you. You're called a super soldier for a reason, so I'm pretty sure that means you were made for more than this."
Tilting his head, Tony sat up and looked at his alpha as he too sat up. “What? Don’t tell me you’re going to leave me again…”
Steve and Tony were going to avenge the death of their friend, and they weren’t going to stop until, like Steve had said, all of Hydra was defeated.
“No, he didn’t force me. I… well, he didn’t know I was in Europe for the first one, and he made me stay in London for the last one before he sent me home. Though that was probably for the best because--”
When they pulled away from each other, Tony smiled. “Go get him…”
“Yeah… maybe not.”
Tony jumped at the cold towel hitting his red bottom, but after a bit it began to feel nice, having the cool, gentle towel cleaning him, even though Steve had used a condom and there wasn’t much to clean up other than dried slick and sweat. Regardless, it still felt nice to be taken care of after sex.
“Yours,” Steve said. “Earth has gone too long putting down omegas and not giving them equal rights. Hydra’s new world order promotes the rights of omegas and encourages them to overthrow the society that has dragged them down since the dawn of humanity.”
“So, on alpha, sexy alpha,” Tony purred, ignoring James and moving over to plop himself right into Steve’s lap, “I got this gala party thingy I am required to attend in a few weeks. Terribly boring and stuffy. Mind being my date? We can be bored out of our minds together.”
“I only got a quick look.”
“I’m more expensive than other high-end omegas. I’m not some knock-off merchandise. I’m name-brand.”
Tony looked up at Steve, who had asked the question. He shrugged. “Maybe. I think I’m more worried that the real thing won’t be like training.”
"Knowing I get to smell your scent all day is already turning me on," the alpha growled out, moving onto his hands and knees and crawling on top of Tony, leaning down to kiss the omegas neck above the collar.
Tony whined and reached his arms out, wanting to touch Steve and feel those muscles move. He wanted Steve to just crawl onto him and go to town more, but he would settle for touching, getting in a bit of foreplay before really getting things heated. This was, after all their first time together. It was a rather special and important time.
“I guess I’ll be the only little guy again. That’s how it usually ends up. Have friends who are betas and are little guys, then they grow up and get big. Not as big as you… you got huge.” Tony cleared his throat and looked down at Steve’s hands. “What do you have?”
"It's not anyone's fault," Tony croaked out. "No one knew what was going to happen."
Tony was speechless for a minute. Steve was going to let him have his own workshop… and Steve wanted to marry him? An omega that was absolutely terrible at acting like one? That made Tony feel… well, how did he feel? He wasn’t sure. It was a mix of happiness and fear, and it was a mix that didn’t really settle well with Tony. He felt his heart rate rise a bit, but his odd feeling didn’t get in the way of him cracking a smile.
“Not all night,” Tony said, though his cheeks flushed because he was up most of the night, just not all of it.
“That too. You really pissed me off that day, you know.”
They danced to the music through a few songs, simply enjoying their time together and ignoring everyone around them. It was nice, and the first event Tony’s had to go to that he wasn’t already a little more than buzzed. Maybe part of his drinking problem had more to do with boredom than he originally thought. He knew a good part of it was a way to cope with stress or to escape from emotions, but Steve was making it easier on him to not drink too much, just by being at his side.
“I’m sorry that happened, sweetie.”
“I couldn’t tell you what I was going to do, or you would have kept me here!”
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Tony asked as he glanced over the many drunken alphas, holding back a shiver at some of the looks he was receiving.
Tony slammed his hands onto the table with a frustrated noise. “I can’t believe he kissed her back! She’s just a beta, she wasn’t even that attractive!”
“You don’t know that.”
Tony got up from his seat and tackled Steve in a hug, or the best attempt at a hug he could give around the table and chairs. “Thank you, I won’t let you down, I promise.”
“Your father won’t know about any of this until he gets back,” Maria reassured. “You have my word. Steve on the other hand should know as soon as possible. I recommend writing him, or even calling him if you can.”
That was when he noticed the tears rolling down the omega’s face. He sighed and let his shoulder’s drop. “I’m sorry, Tony… I didn’t mean…”
“Perfect.” Steve rested a hand on Tony’s stomach and smiled wider. His blue gaze was filled with nothing but the purest form of love. “You’re perfect.”
Huffing in a very alpha way, Steve cut the foreplay off and went straight for sticking the tip of his cock in Tony’s hole. He was rewarded with a moan and a shiver from the omega. As much as he wanted to go ahead, Steve knew they had to do one last thing before he entered Tony fully.
“Steve…”
London was gloomy and cold. The trip to the city from Italy had been so nice, especially after Tony was out of his heat. He was far more comfortable and smiled more around Steve and Peggy, despite knowing that his father had been waiting for him with undoubtedly a disappointed expression. No matter what his father thought, Tony was living large for the world being in the middle of a war.
“I hope they won’t need Steve the whole day. I’ve got my designs to show him, which are much better than his old dancing costume. I can’t wait to burn that thing.”
He was lost in thought when a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind. Briefly, he thought it might be Bucky, but the scent that accompanied the arms was spicier, and Tony knew it was Steve after that. He sighed and relaxed in his alpha's arms, closing his eyes.
Through the trees, the team ran, bursting out of the forest with war cries and shouts of “Stay back” and “Keep your distance” floating above the cries. Tony shot at who he could, crying out when one soldier standing next to him suddenly evaporated in a blue haze. He dodged as best as he could around fallen soldiers and Hydra agents, shooting at any Hydra agents he could while also dodging the deadly shots from the guns the agents had. He had known about those weapons, but he hadn’t seen them in action in real life, and heaven be damned if he wasn’t absolutely terrified of those guns.
“You hardly ate that burger I made for you… you must not be feeling well at all.” Maria sighed and picked up the plate with the burger that had maybe one or two bites taken out of it. “You haven’t been throwing anything up, have you?”
The moment Tony was waiting for was finally happening, and he felt lightheaded as Steve fucked him into the cot. His face rested against the pillows he had been offered, acting as soft padding against the rough material of the cot, which he was grateful for. He was sure his face would have been roughed up if he hadn’t had the pillows. Steve was going pretty hard for their first time together, but Tony was okay with that. He finally was sharing a heat with the alpha he had fallen for all too easily. He let out a happy moan, daring to smile as Steve went deeper inside him, shifting positions a little to reach deeper still. Tony’s smile stayed, though he moaned louder. He hoped the alpha could see how happy he was.
“It’s adorable.” Tony smiled. “Don’t worry, alpha, Not like I’m going to drag you off to bed right away. I know what my reputation in the media says, but I don’t actually sleep with anything that moves. I like to have a few dates first.”
” his legs looped around Steve’s waist, and he began to suck on the alpha’s shoulder, leaving behind a darkening mark.
“Now don’t go thinking that way,” Howard said gently. “There’s no way of knowing what Steve was thinking in that moment, and even if he had known, he might have still chosen to go down. We don’t know, Tony… But if there’s one thing I do know, it’s that he loved you very much, and if he’s still alive somehow, I know he’d be fighting his way out of the ice and snow to come back to you.”
Soon Tony’s room was free of plates and cups that he had hoarded since his alpha left. Maria made his bed and cleaned up other parts of his room before coaxing him out for some proper food and water to help him get healthy once more. It was clear that the amount of food he had eaten since Steve had left was nowhere near his normal intake, and he had lost a bit of weight. It wasn’t much, but it certainly wasn’t healthy to lose any weight from not feeling well. Maria was greatly concerned for Tony, but if she could nurse him back to top health as quickly as he had started being unhealthy, then she was going to try her hardest to help her son.
Peggy knew Howard was too worried to hear the murmurs from the doctors in the hallways, the talk of letting Tony drift off while making him comfortable in his last moments. It was something Peggy didn’t want to hear being spoken of,  but the reality was that not very many people survived cardiac arrest, even if they were resuscitated.
He was dressed in his best suit, ready for his consultation with the leaders of Stark Industries. Though he was a bit nervous, Steve never doubted his painting skills, and he was sure he was going to impress his possible customers.
“Did some messing around with suspended animation, and a serum that would raise my metabolism.”
“Alphas are stupid and I never fucking want to talk to one ever again!”
“Since he’s a fellow artist, I think you’re right. I can’t wait to meet him.”
When Tony and Peggy arrived at the bar, they were greeted with a multitude of alphas acting polite and complimenting them as they walked inside. It was a bit annoying, but at least they knew Steve was inside, and if any alpha tried anything, they would soon have a big blond captain to deal with.
“Sorry you got told that,” Steve said in a gentle voice, placing an equally gentle hand on Tony’s thigh. “I wanted you at the table the whole time, to be honest. You’re important enough to me to know what’s going on with all this Hydra business.”
“Good. His heart beat is regular now, so I’d say this is one lucky boy.”
“Yes, it reminds me of—” Tony paused, looking around as he realized he was in Pepper’s office, and not his lab, “JARVIS, bring up project twenty-two-B.”
“Tony, the phone is for you…”
“I don’t have to know to support Tony’s decision.You’re the one who needs to think about what you actually support, because saying you support omega rights and then telling your son to stay home is really contradictory.” Peggy huffed.
“We have to avenge him, Steve, we have to…"
“Wow,” Steve said with wide eyes. He pocketed the papers. “Alright, burn down the rest of the base. You all know the drill.”
your baby at risk! I know you wanted to fight, but…” Peggy sighed and brushed back her hair. “You shouldn’t fight again until after you have that baby. You understand me?”
"Stupid fucking alpha…"
Tony got out of the back of the limo in an omega style tux of his own, a hint of glitter in the threads of fabric to make him stand out when the light hits it just right, a bright red tie, and a pair of sunglasses on his carefully makeuped face. He strolled into the building and up to Steve’s floor, grumbling about the broken elevator the whole way before pausing at Steve’s door, pulling out his phone to double check he had the right one. Then he finally knocked.
Tony didn't know how long he had been standing at the mirror in the bathroom, nor did he remember when he even got there. But the next thing he knew, a large hand rested on his shoulder and startled him, making him jump forward and slam his face into the mirror with a yelp.
“I thought it was just my body reacting to my alpha leaving me!” Tony’s voice rose before his watery eyes leaking their tears down his face.
“Great.” She pulled out the basic NDA and passed it over to Steve to read over and sign. There was also a post it note with a large sum written on it. “This is also our offer for this project. We’d pay you half once all paperwork is signed, and then the rest once you have finished.”
The hours dragged on, and Peggy and Tony were stuck either watching Howard or listening to other agents drone on about the war. Tony wasn’t too disappointed by being able to watch his father work on new projects, including some shields that looked like they were prototypes for a future design Steve might use. The omega took little interest in those, choosing instead to focus on the weapon designs his father was working on. He was more interested in the math anyways.
“Yeah. A night in sounds better than my original plans.” Tony grabbed a box of Cheerios, a new cereal that had come out towards the beginning of the war. He poured himself a small bowl and started snacking.
“Decided it was too hot in here,” Tony said, yawning.
“I think I can agree on that. Maybe there’ll be some kids running around when there’s a fire blazing and we’re sitting on the sofa with some cups of coffee. Might even have a dog too.”
“I’m worried about that too… but we can’t give up on him. Come on, there’s a building over there that we haven’t checked yet,” Peggy said, pointing across the street.
Tony didn’t get to finish his sentence  before there was a knock on the front door to their apartment. Both Starks looked towards the door before Tony got up and went to open it, seeing as his father was arms deep in a meatloaf.
Steve groaned just as little as he sat up on the edge of the bed and gripped it tight. He focused on the radio now. The announcer’s words sounded familiar, like he had heard them before somewhere else…
Closing his eyes, Tony enjoyed the feeling of the cool air rushing over his skin as he and his mother drove down the road in their convertible. The sun was shining and the day wasn’t too cold or too warm. It felt perfect, which only made Tony feel better the longer they were on the road.
Most of the other cars on the road were also convertibles, which was a pleasant sight. To know that so many others were enjoying the nice day was a comfort, that the world wasn’t so bad, and the war was far away from the mind. Yes, Tony was going to be fine being without Steve for a little longer. By the time Steve would be coming home, Tony would be preparing for yet another heat, and then they could just focus on being together until Steve was called back to London again. Hopefully that wouldn’t be too soon after he came home.
Steve sighed and nodded, shifting so Tony could wrap his legs around the alpha’s waist and be hugged. “Hopefully soon. I know we have to take down these Hydra bases though, and war hardly ever gives anyone a break.”
Grabbing a chair with a sigh, the woman responded. “Your metabolism burns four times faster than the average person. He thought it could be one of the side effects.”
“Let go of me!” Tony shouted.
“Hurt… want these bandages off.” Tony opened his eyes again and looked over at Peggy standing in the doorway. She understood the look he gave her, and she stepped out to find a nurse.
Tony beamed at him, accepting his arm before guiding him further down the aisle of cameras so that his limo could pull away to make room for the next arrival.
“We’re here to commission the man, not have you tempt him into a scandal.”
Tony lowered his eyebrows. “What suspicion? Am I dying or what?”
When they parted from the kiss, Steve leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Tony, head resting at the omega’s heart. It was an action that let Steve be vulnerable, something he didn’t show to just anyone. Even in normal moments when they were alone with each other, drawing or reading a newspaper, Steve was never this vulnerable. This was a special side of Steve that only Tony got to see, and Tony cherished it.
“I’m surprised you don’t know at this point,” he responded. “Though I suppose since he’s an omega and you’re a beta, there would be a few differences… Tony, when was your last heat?”
Having Steve back was so relieving to Tony. He hadn’t realized how stressed he got while the alpha was away. As soon as Steve was back in the picture, Tony was more relaxed about nearly everything. Doing chores were less of a hassle, prepping for his next heat went much smoother, and even working on his own designs for weapons and armor proved to be more enjoyable. Tony wouldn’t admit that he had become completely dependent on his alpha, but certainly being around him had turned him into a bit more of an omega than he had been in the past. Not that that was a bad thing. Tony was actually liking having Steve around to do some things, like getting objects off high shelves and opening jars that were being particularly tough to open.
“You could have asked for real meals during your heat,” Maria said. “We would have gladly made you something.”
After another couple hours of constantly running to the bathroom to empty his stomach or his bladder, Tony finally was able to sleep for more than a few minutes at a time, his stomach settling long enough for him to relax and just rest. He took full advantage of the sleep, not waking up again until nearly noon, the sounds of birds chirping just outside his window greeting him along with the bright sunlight. Blinking a few times, Tony tested sitting up, and he was so very relieved when his vision remained stable, as did his stomach. The only thing that felt uncomfortable was his lower back and his chest, and they were pretty sore. He figured it was from how many times he had thrown up and had forced his muscles to work pretty hard.
“So bossy…”
“Steve needs you here, Tony,” Peggy said after staying respectfully silent. “The military base you met Steve at when he landed in California will be where you need to go. Your plane leaves as soon as you get there. Tony… we really need you to come as soon as you can.”
“Then stop blaming yourself,” the woman said gently. “Allow Bucky the dignity of his choice. He damn well must have thought you were worth it.”
"Enjoying your breakfast?”
Tony couldn’t count how many times he had to pause his writing just to go to the bathroom, both for using the toilet for its intended purpose and also for scares when Tony thought he might throw up again.
Tony’s eyes snapped wide open, then closed again with a louder moan. More slick ran out of his body, coating Steve’s stomach in it. The scent of omega in heat intensified the more slick was spread out over the alpha’s body, which as a result only made Steve more eager to fuck Tony.
When the plane started to pull away even from the car, Tony whined and gripped the seat in front of him, which was Steve’s. No, they couldn’t fail now! They were so close, there had to be something to get them closer to the plane. Tony desperately looked over the dashboard, searching for a switch or something that would unlock some secret gear that would make the car go faster. And then there it was. A button, labeled in German but Tony figured there was no harm in trying it. He pointed to the button desperately and shouted.
“I’ve seen your work, Mr. Rogers, I didn’t reach out to you because I had doubts. Have a seat.”
“I don’t want to be left behind,” Tony whimpered as he clung to Steve.
Everything had been going so well.
The commandos were the first to agree, nodding and standing up to hurry out and suit up, prepare for the most important battle of their lives. Anyone else who wasn’t Peggy, Phillips, or Howard, left to also prepare, loud chattering filling the room as Steve stood up and looked down at Tony.
“To be fair, this is the dreaded gala date and not us going out for burgers.” Tony laughed, “I’m expected to show up in a limo with a nice piece of arm candy. Which, by the way, there has already been gossip about as people try to predict who I’m bringing. They all guess models and celebrities, though. So they all will be losing their bets.”
“Howard,” Maria slipped into her husband’s home office and moved around a mess of maps and charts that had been discarded by the man who had been charged with searching for whatever it was that Hydra had been using to power their weapons, and by extension--Steve. The man’s last search had found one of the two, but Steve was still missing, and the man was almost desperate to find the alpha his son had so clearly bonded with in all but physically--as far as he knew. With the object found, the military's interest in the search had decreased, leaving Howard alone in continuing.
“I know. As long as I get to stay right by you, I’ll be just fine.”
In front of him was an omega he really liked, but it seemed that there was finally an omega that didn't swoon over just the sight of him, which honestly puzzled the alpha. He sat there, one leg crossed over the other and a hand rubbing his chin in thought, eyes watching the omega dance for other patrons of the strip club Steve had wandered into that night. The omega he was watching was no doubt talented and blessed by whatever deity he believed in with good looks and a strong gaze that demanded respect. The brown locks of hair were almost meticulously placed in a certain style, and they never lost their volume, no matter how much the omega danced.
Tony grinned.
Clint finally stood up and moved to get his own travel bag, “Okay, fine, I’ll bite.”
Tony flushed as he listened to his alpha. “So...your rut might happen at the beginning of the month?”
“Yes! Dum-E’s my oldest, and U’s a good few years younger. He still has trouble knowing when to and when not to use the extinguisher.”
Once everything was inside, Jarvis insisted on Tony eating with his mother as his things were taken up to his room. The omega was too tired from the long day he had and the stressful heat he had been put through to care too much. He gladly joined his mother at the dinner table for food, which he scarfed down as quickly as he could handle. The last heat had also come with a stomach ache, one that wouldn’t go away no matter how many times Steve knotted him. That was why they only knotted twice, spending the rest of the time either curled up in bed or hunched over the toilet and throwing up basically nothing. Tony’s throat was left raw afterwards, and it still was as he ate real food for the first time in days. If he was to be honest, he still had a bit of a stomach ache.
It was a long few minutes Tony spent hunched over the toilet before he felt well enough to shakily get to his feet and wipe his mouth off. He didn’t think he had ever experienced his stomach turning so quickly on him, but he brushed it off as simply a random stomach bug, so he flushed the toilet, cleaned up and left the bathroom intending to still join his mother for dinner. As soon as he walked out though, he was hit with another wave of nausea, though not as intense as previously. Suddenly food didn’t sound good at all, and he decided to just go back to his room. His vision was swimming intensely, and Tony just wanted to lay down.
The next day played out similarly, Tony spending much time with his mother in the parlor, talking about pregnancy and what to expect. Maria didn’t have all the answers, especially for the questions that more had to do with being an omega, but she gave the best answers she could, telling Tony to keep those questions in mind to ask the doctor at his next checkup. By the time Tony had run out of questions, he had been much more informed about pregnancy than he had been expecting. He was glad to have someone close to him that knew what he was going through and would tolerate him when his mood suddenly shifted.
“Tomorrow night, by the sounds of it,” Tony said with a smirk.
Steve nodded. “Of course. I know how much you want to work on your own projects, so I’d let you have one so you could be just as creative as your father without the restriction of being an omega.”
"Not a problem," Happy said.
“Not really… Not yet anyways.” Steve looked at Tony and smiled. “I’m doing better with you here.”
“We’ll see, I guess.”
Steve didn't really take interest in very many omegas. Maybe he had a type, but that type didn't show up very often in his daily life. Being a hydra agent kept him on his toes anyways, so he didn't really have the time to search out an omega to even satisfy for just one night. However, every once in a while, an omega passed him by that he was attracted to, and he'd typically get his way with them, usually for a price. Thankfuly money wasn't an issue for him, especially since some omegas had a high price. He paid good money for just a few hours of fun that didn't leave a lasting impact on him.
Rubbing his tired eyes, Howard looked up at his wife and sighed. “Thank you… How is Tony today? Has he eaten anything yet?”
Leading who was left of the assault team, Tony, pulled the rifle closer to himself, listening for clues of struggle. All he could hear, all he could smell was gun power and, honestly? Death. He coughed again, then gagged, and then he heaved up whatever had been in his stomach, because being blown away by the explosion had not only hurt him, but it upset his stomach as well. He brushed it off as just being tossed around too hard.
“I wanna be normal again…”
Tony watched the buildings fly by as Steve drove the three of them to his apartment, the trunk of the car loaded up with Tony’s belongings. It was a silent drive, all three men knowing how difficult the situation was, especially for Tony. They would get everything set up for him so he would be comfortable in his heat, but even Bucky knew that there was the looming dread of Tony having to go back home alone.
So the family waited and mourned the loss of yet another family member in just a few weeks. No one was as broken as Tony was, the poor omega losing his whole world so quickly after gaining it all just as quickly. Only a few years of knowing Steve had led to love, a deep bond, the promise of marriage, and a child to love in the future, but the rage of the war had snatched that all away from Tony, as if he was being punished for fighting a war he didn’t belong in. Over the few days Tony was in the hospital, that was his mentality. Everything he had done in the war that went against what society wanted from him was being punished by way of losing nearly everything he had loved. It was all his own stupid fault for getting involved with Steve in the first place. If he had just stayed home with his mother the day Steve had been injected with the serum, none of his trauma would have ever existed.
“Tony,” Maria gasped. “Honey, why didn’t you mention that before?”
inside the suit he was wearing, falling to the ground and remaining as still as stone.
Steve wastes no time getting to the door, fully dressed in the tux Tony had gotten for him. He smiled when he saw Tony after opening the door. "Hey, Tony, I hope the broken elevator didn't cause too much trouble for you."
“Come on!” Steve sidestepped a couple feet to let the other two catch up to him.
“I know, but please give me a chance to explain what happened earlier.”
!” Tony gasped. This was new. Alphas had demanded he go down on them before, but never once had one gone down on him, and here was this new alpha, willingly and eagerly shoving his face between his ass cheeks, not just licking up slick, but also getting it all over his face—which
“Your mother told me, but it’s okay, Tony. I’m not upset at you.” Howard twitched his fingers to urge Tony closer again. “I promise I’m not upset.”
“Do I have to keep reminding you that Tony is my son?! I’m not being contradictory, I just want my son to be safe, just like any other parent of any other soldier would say.”
It was a few minutes later when Tony came to, groaning when he shifted and felt Steve buried deep inside him. The alpha was still holding himself up above Tony, and when the omega looked up at him with wide eyes, Steve growled softly.
“How so? Does anything hurt?”
“Sure. If he’s willing to fight for our cause, we’ll let him. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Thank
“Not a problem. You know these things better than I do, so I’ll follow your lead.”
“Yeah, Tony overshares with me sometimes. If you two are going to be mates, you should probably know I’ll likely end up knowing more about your bedroom life than most would feel comfortable with.” Clint said, flopping over in the backseat with his head in Tony’s lap, “Sometimes I have to turn off my ears when he gets too carried away with the details.”
“Not what I’d do with it, but I respect your choice.” Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and leaned his head against the brunet’s.
Steve peeked up at Peggy, then followed her line of sight over to where Tony was standing, eyes wide and arms wrapped around himself to keep warm. The alpha instantly picked up his head, new tears running down his face. “Tony…”
“As if that’ll happen. You alphas are all the same. Want me because I’m frankly the hottest omega around, then they hear my family name and they switch to just wanting me for what they’d get if they bit my neck. No alpha will want me for my mind and what it can do if given the freedom to do more than spread my legs.”
Tony looked up at him, unshed tears very clearly gathering in the corners of his eyes. The poor omega was flooded with emotions and he couldn’t bring himself to let them out properly.
“Yeah… I like the sound of that.” Tony curled into Steve. “Right by your side until we die.”
p you safe.”
Steve pulled away from Tony when he heard Bucky’s door slam, and he looked up, seeing the empty hallway. “Well… I guess Bucky took a liking to your friend. Better leave them be.” He smirked and looked back at Tony. “Come on, let’s continue things in my room before we start fucking out here in the hallway.”
“Go away.” Tony said with a tiny growl, but Justin ignored him.
Tony clutched a big bag of cheddar popcorn to his chest and smiled up at Steve, “Ready to go?”
“What more could be wrong with our boy? He’s heartbroken and sick, and he barely moves when someone talks to him. It’s like… he’s dead.” Howard shook his head and closed his eyes.
“Still want me to sit on your knot?” Tony asked, sliding a manicured fingernail up along Steve’s stiff shaft.
“What?”
Steve chuckled and pulled Tony back into the bed, pulling the covers up over them and spooning the brunet with a happy sigh. “I hope you can come back with me to London. It got lonely pretty quick without you around.”
Steve smiled. “Well, I’ll have to show you some of my favorites. I find they’re the best to dance to, when you have the right dance partner.”
When Howard found the bottle, he tossed Tony’s bag down to the floor with a grimace. He looked closer at the bottle, then scoffed. “You put Captain Rogers as your caretaker?! You know it’s fucking illegal to list a different person as your caretaker!”
"Well, let's not try for all three at once, because I know that would be extremely uncomfortable," Steve said.
“Captain Bones, then?” Tony said, allowing himself to be stripped of his skimpy top, and catching a glimpse of a tattoo on Steve’s bicep; a skull with six tentacles, it looked like, though he wasn’t sure in the lighting and the angle he could glimpse it from.
"I promise we'll be good to you, sweet omega," Steve said as he started the car. "Even if you don't join us, we'll make sure you're provided with a good place to stay."
“Ten million says you’re right.” Tony sighed, “Sorry I have a few crazy exes that won’t let things go. They’ll continue being an issue when they want to be.”
Another satisfied noise made it past Steve's lips as he smiled and nuzzled Tony again. "Good omega."
Steve closed the distance and kissed Tony deeply, supporting his lower back with a strong hand pressed against it. The placement of his hand got a moan from the omega, and Tony only pressed in closer. The kiss ended all too quickly, Steve pulling away when he heard Howard approach again.
“For sure?” Howard asked, voice full of emotion. “He’s not doing to die?”
“Because you’re an omega, Tony! For christ’s sake, you have less of a chance of survival than all the alphas!” Howard shook his head. “I worry about you, Tony, whether you see it or not. I don’t want you to get killed out there! I don’t want to have to tell your mother that I let you get yourself killed out on the battlefield!”
Moaning, the omega buried his face in the pillows he had been given. They didn’t smell like Steve, which he hated, but if he could just get one of the alpha’s shirts and put it over one of the pillows…
“Yes I’m sure. You’re wearing them tonight, and I’ll wear a simple necklace I’ve had for years. I don’t want to steal the spotlight from you, after all.” Peggy smiled as she went to her closet and picked out the red dress she had spoken of. “And I do think a little bit of eye liner and maybe some lip gloss will make you look even better.”
Clint’s cheeks flushed, “...You...are single, right? I don’t like sharing.”
Steve straightened up. “Right…” He went to retrieve his shield, which had been lodged between two automatic doors. He looked back at Tony briefly before pulling out his shield and jogging away, the doors closing behind him.
“Let me see the clothes first, then I’ll decide if I want makeup or not.”
Or maybe someone would recognize him as Steve’s omega and maybe they’d want to talk about Steve.
Steve nodded, looking back at Fury. “Is there someplace we can go?”
“These are the weapons factories we know about,” the alpha said as they stopped at the edge of the table, Tony standing just behind him. “Sergeant Barnes said that Hydra shipped all the parts to another facility that isn’t on this map.”
“Thanks, J,” the omega said with a smile.
suspicious. Thankfully they weren’t caught, and no one questioned anything, even if they did know the truth. No one was going to spread gossip about Captain America, especially not in the middle of the war. There were more important things to focus on than if the captain was sleeping with an omega with the Stark name.
The pain medicine had helped keep Tony’s soreness at bay, but he wasn’t saved from his stomach suddenly getting upset again right before he was ready to leave the house to go shopping. Once again he was forced to stay in bed and try not to throw up just from watching the room spin. He was, to put it simply, baffled that now two days in a row had ended the same; throwing up and laying in bed trying to sleep but failing. Maria had told him to wait on eating solid foods again until he was completely better, which he hadn’t liked, but it was the only way he was going to get better.
“Tony, come on,” Peggy, urged, leaving her hands at her sides so she didn’t set the omega off any more than he already was.
"You could be an asset to Hydra if your mind is as good as you claim it to be."
“It’s okay,” the alpha reassured. “Trust me.”
’ or so Pepper informs me.”
Maria gave her son a sympathetic look. “I wish I could give you the answer to that, sweetie.”
“And me, though I’m disappointed if you are only here to whine like a child, Anthony.” a man said, appearing behind Steve and Tony.
“Then what are we waiting for?” The brunet alpha stepped closer to Peggy with a swagger.
Peggy sighed. “Yes, I did. If you’re sure you feel up to seeing him… he can come in after the nurse is done.”
“He came with me on my tour across America to increase war bond sales. It didn’t seem fair for me to leave him when my tour wasn’t finished.”
Tony sighed and slid off the table. “I hope we do. I need a pick-me-up."
“But… I was fine earlier,” Tony said weakly.
"Then I'm glad to have you back. Having you around… it's been good for me. Ever since we started dating, I've gotten more dependent on you, and I don't see it as a bad thing anymore." Tony smiled, looking up at Steve. "I love you, Steve."
“Johann Schmidt belongs in a bug house. He thinks he’s a god and he’s willing to blow up half the world to prove it, starting with the USA.” Colonel Phillips pointed to a map of the world, pointing around the New York City area.
Tony eventually fell asleep to the sound of Steve telling him how loved he was and how much he meant to the alpha. It was soothing enough to relax him and let him rest as long as he needed. He didn’t even wake up when Steve was able to get up and clean up the both of them. He slept through Steve putting a blanket over him and Maria bringing by their food and water to keep their energy up. He even slept through Steve leaving briefly to join Maria and Jarvis for dinner. Tony’s exhaustion let him sleep well past when the sun went down, when his preheat finally hit and prepared his body for his full heat. Having Steve around in rut cause his preheat to last much shorter than usual, and when his body shifted over into full heat, Tony instinctively shifted around in his sleep and built up the nest just a little more, making him feel safer as he slept.
“You’re shorter?” Steve asked, looking at Tony’s shoes. “Not that that’s a bad thing of course, I just didn’t think that you’d wear platform shoes.”
Tony rubbed his face with a groan and turned to look at the alpha. "Yeah, god that hurt." He rubbed his nose gingerly.
“Get ready as best as you can, and we’ll see if we can get you in to see a doctor today. I’ll call ahead, just to be sure.” Maria stood back up and wiped away more tears.
“I’ve seen you drunk. You’re still a tiny little thing just learning to walk.” Rhodey shot over at him.
“I resent that.” Bruce smiled, “One, I’m already sitting, and two, unlike Tony, I know how to take a lunch break without people and robots reminding me over and over.”
Groaning, Tony sat on the edge of his bed and tried to stop the dizziness he was experiencing. If the world would just stop spinning, he’d have time to stop and think for a bit. Think about why he was having all those symptoms and what they could mean.
"Well you've already succeeded at that, I assure you. Seeing that you're even smaller helped that."
“Just let us know ahead of time,” the omega said. “So we can have a room set up for you to stay in.”
Howard held his wife close and sighed. "Steve probably didn't know Tony was pregnant either… He wouldn't have let Tony fight if he knew."
"Oh, the press would love that if I asked you to carry me out of here.” Tony chuckled.
“I’d ask what happened, but I don’t think that’s appropriate conversation for now.”
Tony balled up his fists tighter in Steve’s coat. “Bucky is probably dead,” he spat out, feeling a spike of jealousy that was misplaced. He regretted it immediately.
“If you do get shot at Bucky and I will most likely get in front of you and shield you as you shoot back.”
Tony hardly noticed when Steve shifted and moved away from his legs, finally removing his briefs and revealing that thick alpha cock that Tony had waited oh so long for. The omega could hardly contain the gasp he let out. Yeah, that was going to be a bitch to get in, but he was eager and willing. His body was already producing enough slick to lube up the whole damned army, surely it would be enough when Steve finally inserted himself into his omega. For Tony, that moment was close at hand, and continuing to remind himself of that only made his body react even more.
Tony clutched his stomach with another cry before he reached as far as he could to turn on the lamp on his nightstand. Yellow light flooded the room, and Tony’s heart dropped to his stomach as he saw the bright red blood covering the blankets, sheets, and shirts he had been huddled under. He started to panic, whispering “
Tony looked up at her with watery eyes and looking almost a little scared.
The base entrance came to view finally, and Tony smiled wide, eager to jump out and run inside. He had to admit he was so excited to see his alpha again, but he was curious to see if Steve would still keep a distance to be respectful until he knew if Tony had forgiven him or not. The omega couldn’t wait to see. Either way, if Steve came running to him, Tony would go running just as fast.
“Is that something you have done with other omegas, Steve?”
Tony looked at himself in the mirror and popped his collar up once more, adjusting the tie underneath and flattening the collar back down. He sighed, wishing his mother, or at least Peggy, were there to help him make sure he looked properly dressed for such a big date. At least the tailcoat he wore was flashy enough. It almost touched the floor, billowing out more like a dress than a tailcoat. Tony had grown to like it after Peggy had bought it for him, plus a matching pair of pants. The whole outfit was certainly formal, but it definitely had an omega tone about it. Usually Tony didn’t like most outfits omegas were sold, but this suit that Peggy had gotten him somehow was something he actually liked, despite the slimmed waist of the tailcoat that was meant to exaggerate his hips.
The car flew down the runway, chasing after Schmidt at speeds Tony never thought he’d ever be traveling. It was thrilling, but also terrifying, and he gripped the seat in front of him as tight as he could with wide eyes, his hair whipping around his face wildly.
“One time, just one time and that was in college!” Tony whined.
Behind them, the grenade went off, turning the nearest vehicle into a fireball. The whole effect snowballed until each of the vehicles turned into giant balls of flames. The last one was so close to the three running back to the rest of the commandos, Tony felt himself jerk forward from the power of the explosion. Thankfully the three were able to get back to the others before hundreds of Hydra agents popped out from nowhere and started shooting. The Howling Commandos took shelter behind trees, shooting back when they could, but they were given very little opportunity to shoot. Stuck behind the trees, Tony made a frustrated groan. This wasn’t how he thought his first fight against Hydra was going to go.
“Oh no, what’s Tony doing to your TV?” a new voice spoke up from the door.
“I told you it’d work,” he said, tapping the reactor on his chest.
“What? What about my dad? Isn’t he going to freak out when he notices we’re gone?”
“Howard has some equipment for you to try,” the agent said as she pulled Tony closer, eyeing a lingering alpha with hungry eyes. “Tomorrow morning?”
A knock came from the door to the apartment, which Tony heard his father go to open. Tony quickly threw on some eyeliner and grabbed his coat before exiting his room, greeting Steve with a smile. “Captain Rogers.”
“I think the legs are a bit long,” Tony said as he came out from behind the screen, tossing his suspenders onto the bed.
Tony’s August heat was, in fact, the best heat he had experienced since he and Steve began sharing heats. Finally being able to let loose, mostly, and not give a damn about the noises he made or the pleas he voiced to Steve, Tony enjoyed his heat for once, which rarely happened, even with his alpha being present. Having Steve return, however, seemed to have a pleasing effect that completely exempted the normal discomfort of heats. Tony was glad he didn’t have to worry about feeling uncomfortable when his mate was around.
The omega shook his head. “Steve and I have been together for over a year now. He’s got to get used to it, because as far as I can tell, I’m not breaking up with Steve at all.”
Steve ran as fast as he could as he heard the woman’s voice suddenly around him and enhanced greatly in volume.
“Just what men are you gathering together?” Peggy asked Steve with an almost smile on her face.
“You’re an experiment, you’re staying here.”
“I think I understand just fine,” Steve said, straightening up to make himself look like the bigger alpha.
“Even if he is, I have to save the others. They’re all in danger still, and they don’t deserve to wait out the rest of the war to be saved.”
“You can go in one if you want. You’re a grown man and a responsible omega, there’s no shame in going in stores like those.”
The last two weeks of Tony’s training consisted of learning the firearms he would be shooting along with training scenarios that helped him work on his teamwork and coordination skills. Overall, Tony excelled greatly in his training, and Steve was seeing that every day he was able to watch. Watching his omega transform before his eyes from the little omega who sat on the sidelines to a full blown soldier was, to say the least, breathtaking. Tony was a little spitfire soldier when he was trained properly.
Alright folks, the worst of the angst is here! Plenty of emotions to be had in this chapter, which is another longer one. This chapter is also where the miscarriage tag comes into play.
“At least my family’s company would be, I’m sure. But they wouldn’t be interested in the fact I built a fully functional robot that could clean my room for me when I was five using spare parts I stole from my dad's home work space and the easy bake oven my parents got me for christmas. No one wants tech made by an omega. Dad made sure to pound that in my head. Literally.”
When Tony woke again, he was in the hospital. An IV drip was connected to his arm, and he was in the middle of his heat. He felt uncomfortable as all hell. Soaked clothes, a throbbing headache, and his side hurt  from where his broken rib was. At least there was ice on it, but the compression bandages made it hard to breathe properly. He wanted them off, knowing they weren’t helping at all in the healing process. He looked around for a call button, or a nurse, or anyone nearby who could help him take off the compression bandages.
Steve’s eyes widened as he realized who it was tinkering with the entertainment center. “Mr. Stark? You’re here?”
“I will, Mom,” Tony said with a shaking voice. “I love you… thank you.”
Steve tossed his shirt to the side as he approached Tony. "I don't get drunk. Doesn't have any effect on me since I had the serum injected into me." His eyes grew dark as he towered over the omega, a low growl filling the room while he started working his pants open.
It wasn’t long before their plane landed on a small runway, ready to unload all the supplies the Howling Commandos would need for their mission. Tony helped out as much as he could, carrying most of the lighter things, but only because the alphas could carry the really heavy things, which were far heavier than what Tony had ever worked with during his weight training. He was still an omega after all. Despite that, he worked as hard as everyone else to set up a temporary camp, not having to worry about if he might go into heat during the mission. The pills he was taking were working like a charm, and he nearly forgotten that he was supposed to have a heat due that month.
Tony wished he could have found the words to express how anxious he felt, but nothing came to mind as he finally felt the plane he rode in begin to descend. It was almost time to fight again, and suddenly all those butterflies that had gone from his stomach, thanks to Steve, returned full force and made him gag only briefly. If was being honest with himself, he was terrified of what was to come.
“You can do that after my TV is finished with whatever Tony’s doing to it!” James called out.
“Tony’s pregnant… Just barely, but enough to be concerned.”
“I fought with my friends. Is that so bad?”
“Well, we’ve been together for this long, and we’ve spent a heat together. This relationship is pretty serious in my opinion. The next steps would be to move in together and possibly think about getting married.”
The assault team was left waiting once more, the chaos behind the gates of the Hydra base soon fading and leaving the forest in silence once more. Everyone held their breath as they watched, listening for the call that would bring them into the battle. All they had to do was wait out Steve getting captured, which had already happened, if the silence was a telling sign, and wait for the Howling Commandos to come ziplining in, guns blazing and shooting down Hydra agents.
“Maybe your stomach just didn’t like your lunch today.” Maria smoothed back some of Tony’s hair. “It happens sometimes.”
“I’m with you there, Tony normally shows no real interest in alphas, but all of a sudden he’s attached to that one.”
“Hey, sweetie,” Maria said with a smile, running a hand through Tony’s long dark curls of hair after he had sat down. “Are you feeling alright today?”
"It's fine, Steve, I was just lost in thought. It's not your fault." The omega pushed away from the mirror to look up at Steve. "Did your show go well like normal?"
A fresh layer of snow had fallen in the morning, but it had been reduced to slush after an afternoon rain came through, making the streets a mess that no one really wanted to drive or walk through. Thankfully the driver of the car that would be taking the couple to their dinner wasn’t going to complain about driving Captain America and his Stark around.
“Not bad enough that one of us gets hurt, I hope.”
stay with Steve. Tony wasn't about to go back to the apartment he and his father had been sharing.There was no way in hell he was going to spend his coming heat under the watch of Howard. Besides, spending as much time as possible with Steve before he had to go back home was a top priority.
Steve took the pajamas and looked them over. "They're definitely softer than anything I usually wear. You like this pair?"
"I'm sorry, I'm assuming you're one of Tony's exes," Steve said. "If you wanted to dance with Tony, perhaps you should have taken the advantage earlier in your life."
“There’s not enough time,” Steve replied. “This thing’s moving too fast, and it’s heading for New York.”
“Sex is wonderful, sure, but there’s so much more to all of us than just how wet we get for alphas.”
“I think they’d love that.”
And he had every intention of continuing until he found the alpha. He wasn’t blind. He could see how the loss and lack of closure was affecting his son. He noticed how little his boy managed to eat, the bags under his eyes, the pale color to his skin. Losing Steve was actively hurting Tony, and it was all Howard could do to try and find whatever was left of Steve Rogers. Even if it was just a body, it could give Tony a sense of closure, enough where he’d start regaining his health.
“Then if I get in trouble, this is all your fault.”
Tony was always watching Steve when he was home, or in London rather. It was beginning to feel like home the longer they stayed. The omega wanted it to feel like home too. He wanted Steve to be home more often, but knowing the supersoldier was one of the world’s best defenders during the war, he understood that Steve was not always going to have the time to be home. London always felt lonely when Steve wasn’t there, despite the millions of people living there. Tony also felt like he was useless while sitting at the base or at the apartment, just watching clips sent back from the missions or looking at photographs they had taken while in their spare time. He wanted to do something, be useful, or at least be sent home so he could help his mother out at the real home.
"Somehow it suits you so well. I can't imagine you not swearing."
Choking back his sobs, Tony listened, waited. Steve’s next words seemed to hit him harder than previous words.
“Tony? Honey, are you alright?” Maria knocked on the door to her son’s room for the third time that day. It had been a week since Steve had left, and Tony had spent more time in his room than out of it. Maria had grown concerned for Tony, even though she knew he needed space after his alpha had left.
“Well, you still look amazing, especially in this outfit, my goodness.” Maria smiled as she walked around her son, getting a good look at him. “Oh, I think Steve is going to love this a lot.”
Tony scoffed. “How cheesy. Blaming kissing some random beta on thinking about me, the omega you’re bonded with and have been in a relationship with for months now.”
Once they both were packed, they left, Tony leading his friend by the hand to where Steve had said his car was parked.
“More like my arm candy is my actual boyfriend whom I’m courting. You accepted those chocolates I got you on our first date!”
“As long as we’re
Steve shook his head. "Alcohol doesn't affect me now, so there's no point in drinking for me. The serum prevents me from getting drunk."
“Right, you want to be with your childhood friend then. You’ve been a beta all your life and your probably alpha friend was attractive to you and you’ve always wanted him, not me. You never wanted me.”
By the time they returned to the camp, Tony was barely able to think straight, though thankfully he managed to hold in most of his noises as Peggy led him to the medical tent. He barely heard her tell alphas coming out of their tents to back off. He knew his scent was getting stronger by the second, and having so many alphas wanting to be with him was a nice thought, but also bad. Steve would be angry at any alpha who dared touch Tony, and the thought of any other alpha being with him besides Steve suddenly put a bad feeling in his stomach. He thought he might pass out before they even got to the medical tent.
"If I'm with you in the middle of your heat and they tell me to leave, unless it's dire, I'm not leaving you."
Outside was cold, but with their coats and closeness to each other, all four stayed relatively warm until they could grab a taxi. They all piled in and told the driver the different places they needed to go. Peggy was dropped off first, reminding Steve where he needed to be in the morning, and then the taxi was leaving. The rest of the drive was silent, Bucky sitting a respectful distance from Tony whille Steve wrapped an arm around the omega’s shoulders. All three watched the snow fall peacefully until they arrived back at the base, Howard standing outside with a disappointed expression.
Tony nodded, “Yeah, probably a good idea. Lets us get out of here before another ex swoops in…”
“He won’t get suspicious if we do this quickly.” The eager omega released Steve’s cock from its cloth prison and groaned, taking it in before unzipping his own pants and shoving them off. If he was going to produce any slick, he sure as hell wasn’t going to get it on his pants. Thankfully there were things in the closet that the two of them could use to clean themselves after they were finished.
“I see, so unless he takes a test and it comes back negative, my suspicion was correct.”
Tony shrugged. “We’ve made up now. We had a hell of a reunion when he came back from the mission that kept him over Christmas. I swear, we’re never going to get to spend the holidays together if the missions keep coming.”
Steve nodded, then looked back down at Tony. “Tony, I know you don’t like this,” he said after noticing that the omega was shaking. The poor guy was going to have to be without Steve at least for a little bit of his heat.
Sure enough, Steve’s thrusts got unsteady and lost their rhythm, the blond grunting and quickly shifting his hands from Tony’s hips to the poles that kept the cot’s shape. They creaked in opposition while Tony was pressed down into the cot more than before, a little whine of anticipation escaping the omega.
Tony quickly wrapped up his drawings and stuck them in his back pocket. His steps were light and cheery, showing his excitement to see Steve that morning before they got to business, to steal a quick kiss and a hug before work. Moving into the kitchen where his father was waiting, the omega kept a smile on his face. Despite being away from his alpha, Tony was about as happy as ever. After all, he was going on a date that night, so he had the whole day to prepare and get even more excited. Surely Steve was going to feel the same way for most of the day.
Steve looked at Fury and sighed. “I’ve been awake for almost an hour now, and I still don’t have an answer on where my omega is.”
All the survivors had been given the orders to move out and head back to London, as soon as the dead and wounded were counted. Tony knew he should have been counted in that wounded number, but he needed to know when and if Steve radioed in to ask for help. He needed to be there for his alpha, no questions asked. Besides, he still really wasn’t in any pain, or at least he couldn’t feel any pain despite finding it hard to keep himself upright , and his heart was beating at a normal pace. Or at least, normal for needing to talk to Peggy after all that had happened in the capture of the Hydra headquarters. Tony knew Peggy was going to be furious with him, but Tony would argue that he had to come, had to fight. Besides, he was still alive and wasn’t even beginning to have a protruding belly quite yet, and as long as he was alive, surely the baby would be perfectly fine.
It smelled like heaven, if Tony had to give it a name.
Later that night, after Tony had eaten, drank water and settled into his nest, the omega’s body started heating up; waking up the sleeping brunet with an uncomfortable feeling of loneliness. The preheat was brutal, but Tony knew it was going to be without his alpha. At least he still had his thoughts to fantasize with, plus all his toys that his mother had so helpfully tucked away underneath his bed. Still, it was going to be a long heat without Steve around to make Tony feel better.
Howard and Maria had been sitting in the parlor when their son entered the room, looking like he had been crying yet again, but like he was humbled by something. Both parents ushered their son closer to sit with them on the sofa.
"Right." Steve got off the bed and ignored how he internally groaned at the loss of another opportunity to breed Tony. "Let me tell you where my car is," he said as he started picking up his clothes, folding then and placing them on the bed before going to the bathroom to clean his face off. He was glad the scent would stick long throughout the day.
Tony playfully pouted. “Alright, fine. I’ve waited for over a month, and I can’t even get a hint for where we’re going?”
“More than I was before.” Tony purred, shifting his hips side to side, “You got me wetter than any other alpha outside my heats have ever managed.”
“Some, yes, but I made sure to add some chocolate chip ones for you.” Maria moved back to the stove to flip the pancakes. “I added some cinnamon ones for Steve as well.”
“He did make the trip from London to here on his own,” Jarvis argued.
Staring at the front doors to the manor with his umbrella keeping him dry, Tony swallowed and kept his eyes trained on the handle. In his hands were some of his bags, Jarvis getting the rest of his things out of the car, and setting against his chest were small, cold pieces of metal that had all Steve’s information on them. Tony had insisted on Steve keeping his dog tags, but secretly he was happy that the alpha had told him to take them. At least it was one thing that he could have on him at all times that smelled like his alpha.
“Oh? And what if I share this top-secret information with authorities?”
“You eat cheeseburgers, Jarvis? Man, where have I been?”
“This guy’s—look at him! You can’t blame me for wanting to drool on those shoulders!”
“Just open it!”
"At least you're not alone here. I imagine that would get boring pretty fast."
“Well, get dressed. I have to be at the base in 30 minutes.”
“Hey! Let’s hear it for Captain America!”
“I’ll be right here,” Maria reassured, smiling kindly at her son. “Take all the time you need.”
Before too long, mother and son were on their way to the nearest shopping mall, intent on buying new clothes and perhaps a few cute things to add to the house decor. It was a much needed distraction for Tony, as he had a lot on his mind. With Steve being overseas and the omega’s heat coming up, there was a lot of stress that needed relieving, and a shopping trip was exactly what Tony needed.
“We have a newer version of this top available for purchase,” one of the employees  said, coming up beside Tony with a smile.
Steve shrugged. "I've got my coat in the car, I could bring it out before it starts raining."
Steve growled low at Tony’s pleasure filled voice, unable to say anything back, so he grabbed Tony’s thighs and dug his fingers into them. He was pleased when a small rush of slick was produced. It was enough for him to work with for the moment, so while he continued to give Tony a blowjob, he took one hand and wiped up some of the slick, spreading it on his own cock and stroking it in time with his head bobbing.
Groaning, Howard stood up and placed his hands on his hips. "He risked that baby's life… and I let him fight."
"Captain," the alpha agent said, saluting Steve with an arm made entirely out of metal and donning a red star. "I heard rumors you were bringing back some guests. Turns out they were true."
The man gasped, clutching at his chest as if wounded, “You lied to me?”
“Did you not just hear me? This is crazy, you know that right? You going to save those soldiers? That’s a long ways to walk, or drive even!” When Tony didn’t get any sort of reply, he tried to push Steve to a stop, but that only caused his feet to dig into the mud. He grunted as he almost tripped, and then he whined again, his rib giving him a fit of pain. “Shit… Steve, come on!”
When breakfast was all cooked, Tony easily scarfed down three plates of food, and there was still tons more food left over for Steve to have whenever he woke up and came down the stairs. In the meantime, Tony dumped his used dishes into the sink and wandered around the manor for something to do. It seemed that Maria and Jarvis had begun setting up holiday decorations, which Tony loved. Everything already felt more light and cheery, except for the fact that Bucky was still over in London working with the Howling Commandos. Remembering that simple fact, Tony sighed and looked up at the large tree set up in the parlor. He missed the alpha dearly. Bucky had always given him great hugs, and that was what Tony wanted in that moment.
“Tony?”
“Excuse you, I’m always tiny! I wear platforms to make the alphas think I’m taller.” Tony said, kicking his leg out to point at his shoe.
“So helpful. I hope you’re not planning on taking me to the dumpster of a high end place. I would have gotten dolled up for nothing.”
“Tony… this is my choice.”
“Do you and Tony ever have lunch together?” Steve asked Bruce.
Both Peggy and Howard were soon relieved of watching over the unconscious omega as the ambulance arrived and took Tony out on a stretcher. The medic who had been in the base offered to take both betas to the hospital to wait for Tony to be available for visitation, and he reassured them the whole trip that Tony was going to be fine, even if he himself wasn’t fully sure. But he knew a little comfort for the two would make them feel better, and he wanted them to be as stress free as possible.
“Oh, Tony… You don’t look like you feel very well.” Maria put her hand against her son’s forehead. “You don’t feel warm… Have you been eating the food I’ve brought you?”
“Wow, you actually have made my day.” Tony cracked a smile as best as he could while reaching an arm out to take the box.
Steve nodded, choosing to stay silent for the rest of dinner until he bid the Starks good night.
Steve glanced over at the car, then jumped in as fast as he could. He was barely sitting down before the car was lunging forward again, which made Tony gag a little. The quick motions weren’t kind to his stomach.
Tony nodded, hiding his face in Steve’s chest. “Sorry, you sounded like you were excited to move on with our relationship… but I’m too worried I’m going to lose you. I already worry about you when you go off on missions without me.”
“I’m sorry, Peggy… I couldn’t tell you before. You would have told me to stay back in London. But I had to prove to my dad that I can still fight! You understand that, don’t you?”
“Oh! Oh my
Steve nodded, his mouth full of food. He finished chewing before he spoke again. “We still don’t have much information on the hidden base, but we have a feeling it’s the Hydra headquarters.”
Steve nodded. "Whisky it is."
Steve stood up, making himself look as big as possible, and he started walking towards her slowly. “Now I’m going to ask you again. Where am I?”
Tony whirled around on Steve and pointed a finger in his face aggressively. “You don’t know a damned thing about me then,
There was a long moment where Tony couldn’t decide if he was on the edge of passing out or not. Everything was suddenly so intense and Steve was thrusting about as hard as he had when in rut, which was saying something. Steve didn’t usually ever get that intense when he was out of rut, but perhaps it was Tony’s growling that had set the alpha off, and Tony didn’t regret a bit of it.
Steve chuckled. "Should you show them here? Or down in your lab? I want an authentic experience to get the most inspiration."
As soon as Tony’s August heat was over, Steve picked up on helping around the manor, trying to live a settled life as best as he could while knowing he could be called back to duty at any time if things escalated in the plan for attacking the Hydra base. Steve fully enjoyed waking up to Tony at his side in the mornings and then helping make breakfast with Jarvis if he woke up early enough. Many of the common household things that were expected of servants, butlers, and omegas Steve learned in his time at the Stark manor. Thankfully he was living in a house with mostly betas who didn’t care either way if Steve, Jarvis, or Tony got things done. Besides, Tony hardly got to do any chores once Steve moved in for the few months he would be spending with the Starks, and the alpha preferred it to stay that way. Steve was a strong supporter of equality for all human life, thus his dedication to helping out at the Stark manor anytime he could. Just because he was an alpha didn’t mean he had to act like one all the time.
Steve let out a low growl as Phillips walked away, leaving the three standing in front of a map of the area, a pin marking the area where the soldiers were trapped. He stepped closer to the map, examining it while Peggy and Tony waited in silence, both looking worried for the blond.
Tony made a vague gesture with his hand. “I mean, I’d like to move out and live in my own place.”
When Tony arrived in London, the skies were dark and gloomy, not a single star in sight as the plane landed. Tony couldn’t count how many times he had cried on the flight, but he could count how many hours he got to sleep on one hand. He had been so devastated to hear about Bucky, but couldn't have been as bad as how Steve felt. Steve had lost his best friend that he had been around since they were kids. They grew up together, went through Bucky presenting as an alpha together and watching Steve stay neutral. Bucky and Steve had been through so much more together.
“Yes, only less inclined to suddenly go evil on everyone.”
"Wait until everyone finds out your eye candy is just a simple painter," Steve said while getting in the car, thanking Happy.
Steve, being the gentleman he was, stopped attacking Tony’s neck and collar bone with kisses and bites, and he looked up at the brunet. It was like something clicked in him when he was called alpha, that deep primal instinct activating inside him, and a low growl came from his throat.
Even after leaving the hospital and going through a full physical recovery after the miscarriage, Tony was never really the same afterwards. For months after, he was victim to his depression and anxiety, often being closed off to the world and those who cared about his well being. After the United States Army recognized him as an official soldier in the war, several of the Howling Commandos came to visit Tony in his home in Malibu, and he was so very glad to be surrounded by friends he cared deeply for. He was especially glad when Peggy came to visit. Tony often found himself glued to her side, almost literally, when she was around. She was the closest living friend he had, and he was determined not to lose her to some catastrophic event as well.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have brought it up,” the omega said as he looked down at his almost empty plate. Suddenly he didn’t feel like eating anymore.
“I have to admit… and I hope this isn’t weird… I have let my mind wander a time or two…”
“Really? You’ll let me do that?”
“Alpha,” Tony moaned, trying to get Steve to do something more as more slick rushed out of him. He was clearly dripping wet already, he was ready to take Steve into his body, he wanted the alpha’s cock as badly as he wanted food. Whimpering, Tony tried wiggling his hips back against Steve’s hardening cock, begging wordlessly for the alpha to take over already.
Tony glanced up at her, panting slightly. “S-Steve’s bags…”
Steve did as he was told, opening the box and gazed upon the glistening black ring that was nestled inside. “Tony, this is gorgeous… where did you get it?”
“Yeah, at least you told him what you were doing.”
“I… I f-found him on the floor… He was unconscious. I tried to help him as best I could… I don’t know if it worked.” Howard swallowed and closed his eyes, feeling a little woozy.
“Oh, shit,” Tony groaned as he arched up into his alpha. He wanted to take every inch Steve offered him, wanted to feel how deep he could reach when they weren’t in heat or rut.
“I wouldn’t have mentioned the pills if I didn’t want to fight.”
Howard sighed and shook his head. “I know our past hasn’t been the best… but I want to fix this. I want to fix our relationship.”
Long into talking of the future, Tony curled up against Steve with a smile and silently fell asleep, feeling like he was fitting into a role he never thought he’d ever want to fall into.
And then finally, Steve’s voice, slightly panicked and hysterical, came through the radio.
Soon the two arrived back at the base early and ready to work for the day. Tony was probably too excited to be there, even if Steve wasn’t yet. He knew his alpha was going to be there soon anyways, all he had to do was wait and then he could show Steve his designs.
“Others seem to think the opposite.” Shaking his head, Tony leaned forward, his head resting on Steve’s chest. “We need a vacation.”
“If you need therapy, we can get a therapist for you,” Howard added. “If you don’t want to talk to us about it, that’s fine. We can get someone for you to talk to. Hell, we can get Peggy over here for you to talk to.”
“You cracked it? How did that happen? Did you trip and fall on it?”
“What’s on your mind, Cap?”
"You do work the stage quite well," Steve said. "Honestly when I came here tonight, I didn't think there'd be an omega here like you "
Maria, who was at the stove making the pancakes, turned quickly with wide eyes. A smile quickly graced her face when she noticed it was her son who had made noise. “Tony, oh I’m so glad to see you’re awake!” She hurried over to the brunet omega and pulled him into a tight hug. “I was wondering how much longer you were going to be in heat.”
worth a million bucks, but this was the first time in a long time that he actually felt like it.
He didn’t have to worry about that much during the performance, however, because their crowd looked very uninterested in what Steve had to say, unless the girls were dancing behind him and showing off tasteful amounts of leg. Tony stepped aside as the girls exited the stage, telling them they did a good job while looking back out, watching Steve struggle to engage the audience. He sighed and leaned against one of the support posts of the stage. The poor alpha was doing his best, but the soldiers ended up calling him names, one even mooning him with their bare ass, which Tony did not find attractive at all. These alphas had no idea how to act around anyone but other alphas or girls and omegas who wanted to show off and look enticing for them.
And then the noise calmed down and the heat grew cold. All that remained was the almost calming sound of everything on fire. Tony opened his eyes and looked around as best as he could, sitting up and grunting as his side gave him a fit of pain. It felt like the rib he had broken months before had cracked once more.
The brunet shook his head, clearly not thinking he would be the one to be stuck to his partner’s side, despite spending nearly every minute with the alpha. “Nope, I’ve lived over 20 years without an alpha, I can do 20 more.”
"Have you drank any?"
A whiff of Steve’s scent caught Tony’s attention as he and his mother walked into the hangar. He didn’t catch more than a hint of the familiar scent, but he savored that scent that only Steve possessed, and Tony knew that Steve was there somewhere, probably smelling his omega’s scent and also looking around.
“We would prefer not to have spoiled tiny Tony show up before Steve has a chance to get used to normal spoiled Tony,” Bruce said with a smile.
“Tony, do not go forgetting you’ve torn my TV apart and leave it like that.” James groaned. “God, you got wires spilling out the back like you gutted the thing!”
Looking at the night stand beside the bed, tony briefly panicked as he saw the ring he wore, and he worried that Steve had left his. Looking over at the other side of the bed, he was relieved to find the ring gone, which meant that Steve had indeed taken his ring with him.
Steve chuckled. "Thank you, I'm glad you think you might have considered dating me as a beta."
of alphas out there that
"I suppose I could have one drink with you." The blond smiled as he wrapped an arm around Tony's waist and led him over to the bartender. "What are you feeling tonight?"
"Oh, hey James," Steve said, smiling. "What's up man? I just finished painting, so good timing."
"You don't sleep in a proper bedroom?"
Tony looked up at Maria with his wide brown eyes, looking every bit the young boy he used to be when he first presented as an omega. “Mom… I’m scared.”
“Oh fuck,” Tony said with a jolt. "Alpha, please…"
“There’s a balcony high above the city in this building,” the alpha replied. “It may be a bit wet, but it’s private enough.”
Steve shoved his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and growled out again, moving his hips much faster than before and reaching deep inside the omega. No longer was he sleepy and focused on just pleasuring Tony. Now he was letting himself go wild, letting his alpha side take over and supply the demands the omega gave.
When the car did finally park, Tony was out and into the sunlight instantly, scanning over the people who were walking around. Still he didn’t see his father, friend, or alpha, which caused him to whine slightly. He finally gave his mother some attention when she put a gentle hand on his shoulder.
The first couple presents were from Maria, being small trinkets and little tinkering things that she knew Tony would love. Jarvis received gifts from Maria as well, thanking the woman for the gifts and for allowing him to live with her for yet another year. Then it was Tony’s turn to give out his presents. For his mother he got a lovely pearl necklace and matching earrings to go with it. He also got her another dress which he knew matched the pearls perfectly. Needless to say, there were a lot of smiles exchanged between mother and son. When he was done giving his gifts to all but Steve, Tony announced that he was going to wait to give Steve’s gift until the end, which Steve thought was appropriate.
As soon as the door closed again, Tony finally collapsed to the floor, eyes wide with tears streaming down his face. This wasn’t how he imagined Steve being called back to duty would happen, but here it was slapping him in the face and telling him that he couldn’t follow. It hurt him deeply, to know that his alpha was leaving to go overseas once more and fight in the war they had nearly forgotten about completely. The day was ultimately ruined, and there was nothing that could have been done to fix it.
“I think he’ll be fine,” Steve said with a smile. “I believe in him.”
“No, baby, you don’t need to be sorry for this,” Maria responded, her own voice cracking with emotion. “You did the best you could.”
“Did you leave the baby with your parents?”
“That’ll be no small feat, Tony. Your dad likely won’t want you to come back.”
I hope you all have enjoyed reading this as much as I have enjoyed writing it! The Strongest Hearts is by far my fondest fics i have written by myself (with help from my beta reader of course lol). I'm eagerly awaiting the time I can start on the second fic in this series! Be on the look out for The Brightest Minds, as well as other bonus fics that exist within this universe! TiBun has written an alternate ending to this fic, and I highly recommend reading it for Tony being himself (as usual) and a very sweet reunion between the boys.
“Suppressant pills? You’re taking suppressant pills?!” Howard’s face got very red with anger.
Tony smiled and nodded. “Thank you. Um… if it wouldn't be too much trouble, I’d like to see those videos now, or sometime soon.”
Swallowing, Tony turned his head back into Steve, sighing and casually draping his hand over his stomach. It would only be roughly seven more months before he and Steve had their own child to take care of. Tony had been thinking of ways to tell his alpha, but nothing he thought of was a good way to tell him. Besides, if Tony had told him before, there would have been no way Steve would have let him fight. It would be too dangerous.
“What about us?” Peggy asked as she, Steve and Tony followed the colonel away from the table.
“We might have just found the location of the last base,” Bucky said, which of course caught both Tony and Steve’s attention.
“Don’t… I just want to get away from here right now. I…” Tony bit his lip. “I want to stay at your apartment until he sends me home.”
“Great!” Tony took Steve’s drink and set it aside with his own before he took Steve’s hand to lead him out onto the dance floor.
Tony shuffled around, building them a miniature nest that would keep them both warm and comfortable, then he settled into it, waiting for his alpha to join.
The omega smiled. “Yeah, we can go shopping. I need more formal outfits that I like, anyways. Most of the outfits I have I’m not too fond of, but I guess that’s what happens when you have omega relatives that want you to look like them.”
“No, Tony, we know that thing isn’t stable yet.”
“Do I look presentable?” he asked as he turned his head and looked up at Peggy, batting his eyelashes jokingly.
"Of course," Steve said. "Working with a big client such as Stark Industries always guarantees NDAs."
Tony cried a lot in his recovery. Nobody blamed him, especially after all he had gone through. Several times he kept blaming himself for everything that happened, and then he’d go right back to crying and apologizing to someone about all the hatred he had in his head while he recovered. It wasn’t like him to be so upset, but after losing the love of his life and losing the child that was the product of their love, he had every right to feel whatever emotion came his way.
Reluctantly, Tony stepped to the side so Steve could walk in. The brunet probably slammed the door closed a little too hard, but surely his father understood. “I still don’t want to talk, so don’t think that the bottle of whiskey you brought today is going to do anything.”
Stepping back, Tony opened his eyes and looked up at the blond. “We should probably head out for the night…”
Trapped. Tony loved feeling trapped under an alpha. Though he’d never admit it to any of the alphas that had paid to bed him. He just couldn’t resist the omega side of him that loved being pushed down and held close by a much larger alpha body. He had the same physical wants and needs as any omega—he just hated the restrictions society placed on them because of those wants and needs.
“I know, Tony… but I’ll make it last however long it needs to. I’m sorry… Tony, I’m sorry for all the things I’ve said and done to you. I’ve been in the wrong for so long while you suffered, and now you’re suffering more and it breaks my heart so bad to see you like this.” The father looked back at his son before moving his hand to wipe away some of Tony’s tears. “I’m so sorry, Tony…”
“I believe the closest A&W is upstate. I can travel up to get some for you.”
“Course not, I made sure to put the battery back in before any inspection was done. But I was banned from working on projects in the dorms after that. Not that I listened to the restriction.”
Steve looked at Bucky with wide eyes before looking back at Tony. "I… we…"
“Steve, wait,” Peggy called out, standing up and grabbing her coat, then grabbing Tony’s hand.
When the room had quieted down, Tony stared Steve dead in the eyes, watching the alpha slowly come out from hiding behind the shield. It barely had scratches on it.
is sending you back home?”
“If they’re anything like me, they just want to make the world a better place. No bullies, no hate, just people getting along, and I need to show them that’s what I want too. If they don’t see that, they won’t join.”
“Little Bitsy. I like it.” Steve smiled and shifted Tony around until they were both facing the rain. Gently he put his arms around Tony’s waist and rested his chin on the omega’s shoulder.
“I just need to not make you angry again.”
Standing just outside the room, Peggy and Phillips watched the broken omega cry out for his alpha. Peggy couldn’t help her own tears from falling, putting a hand against her lips as she silently cried. She felt guilty for only moments before getting upset at Tony for fighting while pregnant, and now that baby was the only thing Tony had left that was wholly Steve.
“This would look good above a fireplace,” the brunet said.
“More than miserable, but I see where you’re coming from,” Tony said. “You spent a rut without me and I spent a heat without you…”
“Well as long as you’re Tony’s alpha, you’re always welcome here, no matter what may be going on.” Maria smiled and patted Steve’s cheek gently.  “You’re family here, and I hope you consider yourself to be family.”
Steve handed it to him and watched him open it. “It’s a bunch of assorted chocolates. I hear those are good snacks during heats.”
Pepper rolled her eyes, “You know you should stay for the majority at least, Tony.”
They pushed through the crowd of soldiers growing the closer they got the camp’s entrance. Coming up the road, marching at a brisk pace, was Steve, followed by hundreds of men he had rescued from the Hydra base. Those who were in the camp cheered and clapped at the return of their own men, plus others from other militaries. They marched on through until they stopped in the middle of camp, meeting Phillips and Peggy. There was silence between them, then Steve spoke.
“You’re a glorified Rockette, Steve. Those tights aren’t a good look for you.”
A pause. “You shouldn’t hold it in.” Tony said.
Steve frowned. "I'm sorry, last I checked it was illegal to physically own an omega. So he's not yours, or Tiberius', or that Obadiah guy's. Tony is his own person and a hell of a lot more intelligent than probably both his exes combined. It's his decision what he wants to do with his time, skills, and body. Law makes it so. So unless you'd like to fight an army captain on this, I suggest both you and Ty back off from Tony. He chose me, not you two."
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I’m an omega with a bad mouth. Sue me.”
“I am standing though,” Tony argued. “If I can stand, I can fight.”
, I wanted to put an end to the bullies. Joining the army and fighting in the war was the only way I could see me achieving my goal.”
“Colonel?” Peggy tilted her head in the briefing room as Colonel Phillips filled in the situation to some of the agents and local political figures. Steve was right behind her, glancing around the room and seeing Howard working on the submarine that the Hydra agent had attempted to escape in.
“I love you too, Mom...You’ll be with me through the whole pregnancy?”
“I was healed enough that I didn’t have pain any more. But that doesn’t matter. What does matter is that you two are home again, and I don’t have to worry about random alphas trying to hit on me and take me home with them.”
“I know. He will just have to learn to let Steve take care of you. You know your father doesn’t like anyone else but him to be labeled as your caretaker.”
“That would be excellent,” Steve said as he picked up Tony and carried  him off to what was now their tent, a smile on his face the whole way until they disappeared from prying eyes.
“We didn’t even
Howard’s shoulders fell at that, his eyes falling to the floor. “He doesn’t deserve a father like me… Not after all I’ve done to him.”
“You’re in a recovery room in New York City.”
That afternoon, Tony and Howard began work on the machine that would hold the omega in suspended animation. It looked very similar to the chamber that Steve had been in to get injected with the serum, though there was more of a window to see inside, just for someone to check if the omega was still alive from time to time. There was still a lot of math to do, but Tony and Howard worked together to check, double check, and triple check all the numbers. They were finally able to confirm that the machine would run for a very long time, running off of a larger arc reactor that was about the size of a small tractor tire. The two spent weeks creating the reactor, and using Tony’s smaller reactor as a base, they were able to get it working to full capacity just a day after it was completely built.
Steve flushed but smiled all the same. "As long as you're happy, Tony."
“Hey.” Tony nudged Steve’s arm with his shoulder. “It’ll be okay. The war will end eventually, and you’ll have your friends back, plus… an omega to keep by your side if you’d like.”
Pulling back, Tony looked at his mother with watery eyes. He took a moment to respond, but he nodded. “There… were some things I didn’t eat. They didn’t look appetizing,” Tony admitted.
“Make it mean something,” Tony said as he pushed himself up onto his toes.
“Well, even in London, Captain America seems pretty popular. But I had to make this reservation back in December.”
“Good to see you’re your normal self,” the dark haired alpha said, ruffling Tony’s hair when he stepped back. “How’s your rib?”
“You complain about everything, don’t you?” Peggy laughed as she grabbed Tony’s hand and started running to catch a taxi. She eventually waved one down and told the driver to take them to her apartment. Thankfully it was warm inside.
Of course there was the obvious improvement of mood during Tony’s heat. Going through heat was hard enough without Steve around, and Tony had to admit that his body had already grown dependent on the alpha that satisfied him during the heats they shared. Having that satisfaction taken away was torturous for the omega. Thankfully he didn’t need to worry about not being satisfied for his August heat.
“Hey, he got me stirred up this morning when we couldn’t do much!”
Tony nodded and reached into his pocket to pull out his phone to text Happy to bring the car around, his hands shaking, causing him to fumble and fail his passcode to unlock the phone a few times before he got it.
Steve chuckled. “Alright, let me get my clothes and change, then I’ll be ready to go.”
“Alpha… god, I’m close again,” Tony whined, squeezing his eyes shut, and then a few seconds later he cried out and spilled his orgasm onto the sheets at the bottom of the nest.
The man stepped forward calmingly, despite his scent identifying him as an alpha. “Look, I’m sorry about that little show back there, but we thought it best to break it to you slowly.”
"These are… incredible," he finally spoke while pulling out a small sketchbook. "You came up with all of these?"
There was a knock on Tony’s bedroom door, and all he could manage to do in response was make a pitiful noise as he curled up on his side and waited for whoever was on the other side of the door to just go away or stop wasting time and enter. His mood instantly changed when he realized it was his mother who had stepped into his room, and he immediately burst into tears.
“At ease, soldier,” a new voice called out, turning Steve’s attention away from the many agents who surrounded him.
Day two of waiting yielded the same results. Tony remained unconscious but steady in breathing and heartbeat. The nurses made sure that Howard and Peggy were getting enough to eat while they watched over Tony, as well as making sure that Tony was getting the required nutrients he needed to stay healthy while recovering. The waiting process seemed to take forever to Howard, though by medical standards, only two days of waiting for a patient to wake up was not as hard as waiting for years. Still, Howard only grew more concerned by the day, even though he was reassured patients who suffered from cardiac arrest and were resuscitated typically woke up in a couple days. Howard wasn’t informed of how low the survival rate was, but he figured that if Tony wanted to keep living, he would fight as hard as he could.
“Good omega,” Steve purred, nuzzling Tony’s neck where he knew the scent gland was. That spot was so familiar to him already, but still he had not left a mark. Only when they got married would he do that and officially claim Tony’s as his.
"You'll get paid, don't worry about that." Steve stood close to Tony as he waited for the door to open. "Never heard of multiple lawyers for a stripper's family. Either you get a lot of lawsuits or your family is just overprotective."
“Just call me Steve. I’d like to get on a personal level to start out, especially if you’re going to join Hydra.” Steve leaned forward and nipped Tony’s collarbone with a growl, since the omega’s neck was protected by the collar.
Upstairs in the bedroom, Tony was busy catering to Steve’s needs. He was thrown over the bed with his ass up in the air and the alpha pounding into him like it was the last day they were ever going to mate with each other. He couldn’t say that he wasn’t pleased with the alpha’s sudden interest in fucking him with all his might, but they had done it so much already, and Tony still hadn’t gone into preheat, despite having already made a proper nest and having a rutting alpha around.
“You can do this,” she encouraged after Phillips was done speaking. “You’re brave just like all the other soldiers. You fight just like them.”
“So… you still haven’t found him…” Tony’s voice was watery.
“Tony,” Maria said in an exasperated tone. “I know this is surprising, but really, I don’t think you need to say things like that.”
There was a knock on the front door, which startled Tony enough to tear him from spacing out. Shaking his head he headed to the door and opened it. Bucky was behind the door, smiling and bowing his head to the omega.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Steve’s face was bright red.
