“Don’t you dare say that’s not true Steve. You are worth it. You’ve been worth it to me since the beginning! So don’t you-” But Steve cut him off before he could continue.
“What? What is it!?” Tony eagerly said as he peered over his shoulder. “Oh, it’s your baseball. I used to play with it all the time in this room.”
The kiss itself didn’t last that long, but the passion Steve put into it did get the message through. Steve honestly seemed to like him too. Tony was pulled from his thoughts of the kiss when Steve spoke up.
With his decision made, Tony went back to work on his latest project. He had been thinking about it for a while. The would be to end it all—Ultron. Talking it over with Bruce had gone over well enough, but it had been in a purely hypothetical sense. Tony had ideas for Ultron and he had secretly been going over the specs in his lab for a while now.
Tony couldn’t help but shudder. He was utterly useless when Steve used his bedroom voice with him. But he shook his head, as if to clear his head from the heat that had started to build up. He had to get this out. For Steve.
Despite all his faults, his father was a smart man and he had good intuition; he must have always known that there was a chance that the serum would have allowed for Steve to survive the ice.
Just before approaching the mike, Tony’s posture changed and exhibited a confidence to his stride. Steve raised a brow-the change further piquing Steve’s interest.  As he walked the last couple of steps to the mike, Steve decided to get the ball rolling and immediately stated,
This was it. This was what Steve was waiting for. Tony had such an unexpected voice, but it was a voice that was so unique and mesmerizing that you couldn’t help but get lost in it. But most importantly he had a voice that Steve knew he could work with. He was already imagining writing lyrics for that voice to bring to life on their stage.
He had been trying to apologize, and was spewing some crap about how he should have come to Tony sooner, should have worked out their problems and blah, blah, blah - he didn't care.
Steve, who had been carrying a bag full of paints and a canvas under his arm, had barely been able to keep everything under wraps upon hearing the bold words.
He gave it a tentative lick, before engulfing it whole. Back then, he couldn’t do this as easily as he could now, it was a skill he had acquired only after spending an obscene amount of time on it all those years ago. He stopped that trail of thought.
Contrary to popular belief, Tony didn’t have much experience dating. Sure he had gone out with a ton of people, but that was more for having a ‘fun’ night then it was for trying to get to know the person he was with. To be honest the only experience he had had, was when he was with Pepper, and look at how that turned out. First he was dying during the beginning of their relationship, and then he was staying up 72 hours at a time and having anxiety attacks left, right, and centre. Don’t get him wrong, dating Pepper was probably the best thing that had happened to him; right up there with his bots and JARVIS of course, but he could only put her through so much before she couldn’t take it any longer.
The first course of action had to be to talk things over with Tony. Sure, they had put their differences aside over these past 5 years, but the past still lingered behind them, bitter and desolate.
Tony, who had for the most part been a passive player so far had decided that he needed to remind Steve that he wasn’t the one to always lay down.
Steve picked up Tony’s hands and rubbed the back of them as he continued on.” And people who have a room filled with things of mine because they understand who I am, and being close to that comforts them. Tony, even if I didn’t love you before how could I possibly not love you now knowing how much you care and completely get me?”
After Nat had left with Tony, Strange had stayed behind to enforce the illusion that Tony was still there. Steve was just glad that he had left right after Tony, god knows he'd seen enough of his loved ones dead; he didn't need to see their replicas too.
Saved by the bell, or not. Tony thought. He knew he couldn’t keep putting this off and the sooner he did the better. But it was so hard when Steve made it so easy to just, be together.
“And that right there is why Point Br-” Tony was saying, while pointing at the screen to some long blonde muscled man, before Steve blurted out, “Are you my Sugar Daddy?”
After the first initial little kisses, the kiss starts getting heated. Steve grabs Tony’s waist tightly and pulls him that much closer. He bites tony’s lower lip and when Tony opens his mouth due to the slight twinge, Steve licks into his mouth and Tony can’t help but let out a little whimper. Steve pulls back a bit, and Tony brings himself forward chases for more of his taste.
"I know, Tony." Rhodey softly spoke, affection evident in his tone. " But that's precisely why I signed you up to audition for lead singer at your favourite rock band."
“Just that. I’m not Loki and I don’t have the luxury to sit down and explain it to you so,” he paused before he extended his hand and to everyone’s surprise and Thor’s astonishment, Mjolnir flied out of Thor’s hand and into Loki- no Steve’s outstretched one, “you best believe me.”
Even before the serum, Steve was always doing his best for everyone. Despite his small stature he was always standing up to bullies, ready to fight for what he believed in. He didn’t have much to his name, but he still helped those less fortunate and always volunteered at his local soup kitchen every Wednesday without fail. Steve was very much a good man, and he made Tony want to do better, be better.
“We want to avoid messing up the timelines. Interacting with past Steve will be a greater divergence then popping in and out for a brief moment in the past." Bruce answered, in a manner that depicted a man whom had become used to repeating himself. He was setting up the time portal, going over any last minute calculations.
Steeling his nerves, he brought forth his signature Tony Stark public persona and took the last step towards the mike.
"Not exactly. What I'm suggesting isn't to change our future but our present." Bruce scratched at the stubble on his cheek, he  appeared not to understand what Steve was saying.
He quickly straddled Steve and spoke, “Fuck Steve, I’m still so fucking pissed at you -” He ground his ass along Steve’s growing bulge, while Steve let out a hiss at the sensation, and continued, “but fuck, if I don’t have you inside me in the next couple minutes -”
“Tony,” Steve breathed out. “What is all this?” With those words, he ventured into the room. He seemed to be mentally taking down a list of all the items in the room as he came across them.
"So let me get this straight. You're saying there's this Thermos dude who comes in and wipes half the universe, and then five years later, Tony invents time travel so that we can find some magical stones, kick his ass, and get everyone back?" Clint  said after the few seconds of stretched silence that occurred when Future Steve was done.
The rest of his band mates were clapping in evident enjoyment, and Clint even let out a “Damn, dude!”, so he was confident that his team was on the same page as him. However, they did have to come together and discuss specifics before he could proceed or say anything to Tony.
For split second, Tony had a stray thought of how Steve's beard would feel between his fucked cheeks if Steve were to eat him out, and Tony moaned at the thought.
Well there was no better time than the present. Tony figured that if Steve wouldn’t dump his pathetic ass, Tony owed it to him—and heck the rest of the world—to do it for him. Steve deserved better, he was just to stubborn and loyal to realise it. Sure it would break Tony’s heart, but what was one more broken heart in Tony’s lifelong collection. He would rather a broken heart than living with the guilt he knew he would always feel knowing that he was the one dragging Steve down. Steve would be upset initially, but once he got over it and actually put himself out there, he’d realise how much of a dead weight Tony actually was in his life. Really, Tony was doing Steve a favour.
Tony dug his hand back into Steve’s hair and pulled back, only to push him back onto his nipple, letting out a simple command to
It isn’t until later that night, when Steve walks him to his room and gives him a quick kiss goodnight before walking back to his room, that Tony allows himself to think. He’s fucked. He’s super fucked. Since, now he can definitely imagine what it would be like dating Steve, and he knows that if he continues to go down this path he’s going to have his heart completely broken. Because how could anyone possibly recover after they’ve had the chance of dating Steve Rogers?
Steve sat on his bed in contemplative silence and mourning, when an odd thought occurred to him. Something that he hadn’t even questioned but now found himself pondering over. It was a long shot but it was worth talking over. With a decision made, he got up and went to see the one person left he could share this idea with.
“Steve, wait! Don’t go—” But by then it was too late, and Steve had already opened the door. “...there.”
Within the year, Tony had pretty much everything he could find that once belonged to Steven Grant Rogers. It wasn’t too hard: Steve didn’t actually posses much to begin with. Since Steve didn’t have a next of kin, all of his belongings had been seized by the government. They didn’t much care for the more personal belongings of Steve, so most of it had been sold off. Tony had managed to track down most of it by going through their records of sales. Anything associated with the Captain himself was easily found through auctions or by the people themselves boasting about them.
Steve, however, wasn’t phased by the crying at all. He simply pulled him back into his arms and let Tony cry it out. Tony guessed that said something about how well Steve knew him. He knew that they still had a lot left to discuss, but he figured that they were headed in the right direction now, so he simply enjoyed being held by Steve.
"Gasp! Nat agrees with me, I want this day written down in the history books!" She whacked his head at the comment.
"Oh, ya... Ha! Yes! You got me. Just trying to..." Tony had trailed off, running his hand through his hair. "You know,” He waved his hands in the air, “break the ice so to speak."
'Well that explains why Cap had turned to look at me' Tony thought, as he was now the last person to in the room left to yet audition.
There was a weight then that Steve hadn't realized he was carrying with him, that finally lifted upon the thought.
He slid down Steve’s body then, inserting himself between Steve’s legs and opening his pants just enough for Steve’s dick to spring free.
Steve opened his hand to reveal an old baseball, and Tony saw Steve take a sharp intake of breath at the site of it.
“My name is Steve Rogers, and I’m from the future.” Steve blinked. Well that was not what he was expecting.
“I, er, was wondering if I could take you out some time.” Steve sheepishly repeated while rubbing the back of his neck. “For dinner.” he added.
It wasn’t so bad after that. Apparently Tony needed a figure portrait for some sort of charity auction at a client party. It had sounded absurd, but then Steve wasn’t being paid to judge, so he had simply accepted the reasoning and asked Tony to lay in a more modest position before beginning to paint.
Tony didn’t know how to respond to that, other than you know completely bursting into tears, again. Seriously, it was beginning to annoy him just how emotional he was being today.
After Steve- Future Steve? Well, after he calmed down he had then ironically sat down and proceeded to explain to Tony and the rest of the team their supposed future.
“Tony, you feel so good... nngh, still so tight - fuck.” Steve groaned out as repeatedly pounded into him. Tony, was helpless to do nothing else but moan Steve’s name.
He was shocked to find that he was starting to get aroused again. He hadn’t had this fast a refractory period since... since a while.
And that was just so like Tony wasn't it? For him to still be the one to help Steve find a home, despite being gone.
His mind made up he thought of the one person he now knew for a fact would always do what was best for the universe. No matter the cost.
“...uh, ya that’s way to weird for Loki to pull off, I think I’ll go with believing this guy now.” Clint said,, and Steve found himself inclined to agree.
Last week!? Okay, clearly he'd fallen behind on Avengers' updates, but hey, it had been a trying week. What with Obie breathing down his neck to get the latest tech designs in, while also keeping up with his classes and trying to get time in to work on his A.I. project. Either way he'd barely had a moment to get some proper sleep in, let alone some leisure time.
Extracting Tony had required exact timing and precision. They could have stopped time, brought him back to life and taken him back home, but that would have mysteriously left no body for the rest of them to mourn once they were gone.
And surely, Tony stopped. Turning his head to look at Steve, now displaying wide eyes of his own; disbelieving but daring to hope.
“Steve,” He finally managed to gasp out, “I can’t, just please... I need you, now...” He broke off as a sob escaped him. He’d never felt so desperate in his life.
He could feel Tony swallow from the movement he felt through his fingertips, and he prepared himself for what it could be that had Tony so nervous.
. He just- he couldn’t think about that right now. He had a job to do and the rest would be dealt with when the job was done.
With that said, Tony resigned himself to his fate and proceeded to start preparing for his audition.
Tony gave Steve a shove and pushed him further into the bed, so that he laid sprawled out, blinking up at Tony due to the sudden change.
“Tony, I do love you, this isn’t me saying it to appease you. When I first woke up from the Ice, I was so lost. I had nothing and no one left from my past. Tony, you were the first person to give me a home. Not just some place to live in, but a place where I could be myself and was surrounded by people who cared about me. People who didn’t just treat me as Captain America, but Steve Rogers. People who went out of their way to make sure I knew how every little thing in the 21 century worked. People who spent so much time sending me adorable puppy videos and funny messages so they could make me laugh.” Tony let a small smile slip out at those words, he couldn’t help it, he was guilty of always sending Steve a ton of shit so that he could get a cute response.
But Steve surprised him when, he said he would actually prefer if they went through everything together. He said he wanted to share his memories of the items with Tony, and maybe even find out where he found each item. He also figured it would be nice, after all the effort Tony went through in order to get it all.
He gave Steve another slow grind of his hips, and Steve let out a groan letting his head fall back on the bed. Looking at Steve then - his pupils blown wide with lust and his dick straining the tight material of his pants - Tony decided he needed to speed up the process and get this man’s dick out.
Tony was abruptly brought out of his longing gaze towards the Captain, when he saw those deep blue eyes turn to meet his dark amber ones.  He quickly avoided Cap’s gaze and brought his attention back up to the front, and was startled to see the girl who had signed in just before him make her way down the stage. He blushed as he realized that they had actually been calling his name to come up on stage and he had been too engrossed in his thoughts of Cap to pay attention.
The date itself goes pretty well. Pretty amazing actually. Steve is the perfect gentleman of course. When they get there, they already have a table reserved away from prying eyes. Not that anyone pays them much attention. Steve tells him they are pretty used to him now, so he doesn’t usually get too much attention here anymore. They know when to leave him alone. It’s one of the reasons he brought him here, and Tony can’t help the warm feeling he gets in his stomach at Steve’s thoughtfulness as well as the tiny bit of relief that he won’t have to continuously put on a show.
"I'm going to have to agree with Clint on this one as well, having you here would help us to avoid past mistakes Captain."
"Steve, I.. thank you." Nat whispered into his neck. Steve's arms tightened, before clasping her shoulders and bringing her back up, so he could wipe the tears from her eyes.
This was his chance to do better. Ensure that this time they didn't leave anything unsaid: didn't brush things over, choosing to ignore the hurt between them that they still so clearly felt. He had done that once, thinking that it would be easier,
“ Hey Tony, J.A.R.V.I.S. told me you wanted to see me for something?” Steve said, while he walked right up to him and wrapped his arms right around Tony. His fingers curled right around Tony’s waist and he pulled him in for a tight squeeze. Caught off guard, Tony still felt himself melt into the hug—allowing himself just this tiny bit of comfort before he had to do the inevitable.
Steve went back to kissing Tony, pushing him back onto the bed, getting in a few more thrusts before he came as well. He kissed Tony a couple more times for extra measure, before slumping in complete exhaustion.
This was further cemented the day Howard brought Tony to an auction. The proceeds were to go to charity, and Howard had spent a good portion of the time trying to impart to Tony that as an influential person of wealth, it was necessary to go to events like these in order to earn the goodwill of the general public. It was also supposedly a great way to  network and build relationships too. Never say Howard didn’t know how to work the business game. Tony figured that his own love and interest for charity work came more from his mother than his father. It was also one of the reasons why he seldom went to these charity functions, preferring instead to donate the money or send a representative—anything to separate himself from his father.
Fuck, it was still so fucking big. The length wasn’t too bad, just slightly longer than his. It was the girth of it that had Tony pressing a hand to cup his own cock; easing the edge off at the thought of Steve’s cock stuffing him full.
The words and then Tony’s reaction to Steve’s hair must have gotten the message across to Steve, because in the next moment, Steve had his hands sliding around his back and then gripping Tony’s ass tightly, pushing him even closer onto Steve's erection.
“Yes, Tony. I - okay.” His voice may have quivered, but he looked Tony in the eyes as he spoke. Tony pushed back the feeling of sympathy that was trying to rear it's way. He couldn't give in. Not this time.
When Steve had pulled Tony aside at the Tower after just coming back from their mission on eliminating a Hydra cell, this was the absolute last reason that he had thought Steve would have wanted him for. Heck, he had thought Steve was finally going to call him out on his shit and maybe tell him that he was no longer needed on the team.
Tony grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt and proceeded to walk himself backwards towards his bed, dragging Steve along, all the while never breaking their kiss.
“No way, Steve don’t lie to me, if you don’t feel the same way just tell me. You don’t need to pretend with me, I know that there is no possible way that you would like me ba—” This time Tony got cut off by Steve pulling him in for a kiss.
The conversation that preceded had been more a raging tennis match than anything else, but it had done its job in planting the idea in Steve’s head.
“Probably got lost in each others eyes again.” Natasha quipped, while she pulled up the mission alert.
Steve had returned all mopey, sad, and pathetic. Tony had been prepared to rip him a new one,  but then he had shown up. In. That. Mother. Fucking. Beard. And Tony had just about lost it.
Damn Rhodey. Having a best friend who knew you well enough to call you out on your bullshit was another thing Tony noted, that sucked. But he did secretly love that someone knew him so well.
All of a sudden, Tony let out a startled moan: he had felt a hot liquid suction on his right nipple. He looked down to see that Steve had started sucking on it and the burn of his beard was doing wonderous things to his libido.
Persuaded by Tony’s words, Steve finally seemed to get the message and progressed in making quick work of stretching Tony open. Steve always loved spending time just working Tony open, he used to say it was one of his favourite parts, but that was not what Tony wanted now.
He looked to Steve, his eyes searched his face for an answer. Instead he found Steve looking at him as if, as if - he couldn’t say, but the raw emotion reflecting in Steve’s eyes made Tony gasp and take a step back. His reaction caused a crestfallen Steve to step take a step forward, hesitantly reaching out. “Tony, I - ”
“So what was it that you wanted to see me for hm? You got any plans for us tonight?” He gave Tony a sly smile. “I’ve been dying for some time alone to be honest. Just. Us.” Steve spoke, emphasising the last two words with a heavy intent in his voice while sliding his hands from Tony’s waist to the curve of his ass.
"Ok, now I'm not following." He sent Bruce a look of confusion. Steve had a feeling that he was getting way in over his head.
Tony’s heart clenches hard in his chest and he feels his throat dry out, but he manages to look at Steve and breathes out,“If you’re sure.” And because he really is a little shit that needs to get his brain checked, he bites his lower lip and looks up at Steve under his eyelashes.
Looking back, he wished he had taken up her advice and gotten a life, just so that he may not have become so damn stubborn.
"But Steve, you know that anything we do to the past won't change our future. It'll just create an alternate timeline where they never died."
Just when Tony was about to break the silence, Steve beat him to it again by pulling away just a bit from the embrace so that he could give Tony a quick kiss on the lips. He then let his head fall so that he could rest his forehead on Tony’s.
By this point Tony had completely zoned out. He had perfected the look of appearing interested while actually running calculations or developing designs in his head.
Despite Nat's whole debacle with the Soul stone, getting her back was a lot simpler than getting Tony back. Vormir was an isolated planet, so there wasn't much to affect timeline wise. Tony on the other hand, required more delicacy.
Nat was suddenly there, and helped him stay upright before he had crashed to the ground. Tony saw as she waved Steve off from assisting; which left Steve to just stand there in an awkward stance. Tony had the odd thought that he looked awfully like an adorably lost puppy.
Tony was just finishing up with the specs for the latest weapons tech he had crafted for Stark Industries, when he got the call from Rhodey.
Steve honestly didn’t notice at first. He had acquired quite a significant amount of art supplies courtesy of Tony, but that had been upon Tony’s instance of wanting the best. Steve, who was seemingly always running low on supplies saw no reason to argue the matter and now even had his own art set up at Tony’s place.
"We came to you, to figure out how to use the stone to isolate the effect of the time reversal, to concentrate a singularity of time on the body, without affecting the present reality." And for good measure Bruce added, "Since, you know, you are the current expert on all things magical."
Howard had brought Tony a lot of Captain America merchandise too. From action figures to themed bedspreads, he made sure Tony had it all. Perhaps, in his own way, he was trying to connect his past with his future, or maybe he was trying to make sure the memory of his dear friend would live on with his family. Either way, there was no chance for Tony to grow up without becoming the biggest Cap fanboy ever.
They made their way over to the top of the cliff. Past Clint had just left the scene, and they stepped up to look down over the cliff.
Steve now sat at his old bed in the Avengers Compound contemplating all that he had lost. It had been partially destroyed during the fight with past Thanos, but the housing quarters had remained fairly intact. Pepper had vowed to get it rebuilt in Tony's honour, saying that it was what Tony would have wanted. For the Avengers to always have a home to come back to.
Confused, he looked back to Steve. The unspoken question must have shone through on his face, because Steve had started to speak.
At the question, Tony felt himself flush. He didn’t know if Steve was trying to imply anything, but it was mortifying to think that Steve might have an inclination that it wasn’t just admiration that Tony had towards the man.
Steve barely had time to blink, before Tony had him shoved up against the wall while he said for further emphasis, “You fucking don’t Rogers.”
As a boyfriend—and didn’t that still send those thrills down his spine—Steve was practically perfect. He made sure Tony got some sleep every now and then when he’d been up for too long. Took him out on dates whenever they could find the time in between missions. But most importantly he let Tony also have his space and time to do what he needed. Not that he’d ever admit it, but a small part of Tony had been a little worried that Steve, like Howard—and a few past “relationships”—would find it necessary to dictate what he could and couldn’t do with his time. God knows Howard had done nothing but turn his mother into a puppet since they got married. But his worries were unfounded, Steve seemed to completely understand Tony’s need for both company and space.
“How did you even get all this…?” Steve trailed off, he let Tony’s previous answer slide and resumed perusing the items throughout the room.
“I- wha, why! St-, ? Sug...Da-” Was all that Steve had managed to hear come out from Tony’s lips as he stood there staring at Steve like he was some foreign entity.
"Uh, not that it isn't great seeing Cap now totally living up Stark's ass, but I for on would still prefer if we had your future experience to guide us."
This could not be happening. Tony couldn’t possibly be able to something so absurd. Okay sure, he could sing, his mother had honed his talent for it at a young age much to his father's displeasure. But his father had managed to finally put a stop to it when he had reached an age where it had been deemed inappropriate to continue with such frivolous activities. His mother had always supported him in his talents, but it was always cancelled out by his father's disdain for them. He had gotten better about it now, but he still didn't think he could imagine singing again in front of an audience after so long. And for his favourite rock band no less- wait.
“Now you’re gonna become as famous and rich as I am.” Tony told him that night after making love. “Will you forget about little ol’ me?”
Steve just waved a hand dismissively at him, ready to push past Stane and the nervous man talking with him in the hallway until he noticed the man’s hand lingering in his pocket. His eyes widened and he turned to tell Howard to call security right now but before he could open his mouth there was a sound of a gunshot and the secretary let out a scream. When Steve turned back, Stane had his hands in the air and was stepping back towards him and Howard, telling the man to stay calm, how they’d fix this and there was no need to do anything stupid.
“But why? The doctor said you won’t be able to travel in a while…we could’ve gone to see Japan or Australia. You’ve been to Greece before, Steve! Hell, you’ve been to Cyprus before…didn’t you come here after graduating when you were dating that asshole that cheated on you?”
Steve smirked. “That’s how it works for me too…they have their own life. You’re just telling it.” He agreed. “What’s his name?”
“You will, love. No one says you’re a side effect of my---of that thing.” Steve leaned down to kiss the top of his head; breathe in the familiar scent of his shampoo. “My brain can’t have created all of this.” He nodded. “You…you and I live in different universes and somehow we got connected. We are…”
“We can find you a doctor in the UK.” She explained softly. “You can come live with us, keep working on your art from there, even your comics. You can just have calls and video chats with your colleagues out here. It’s gonna be uncomfortable for the time zones but not impossible and I’m sure they want you to get better as much as we do.” She was nearly begging him now. “Steve, we can all pitch in a little to help you out, not enough to hurt anyone’s finances. And Buck and Sam can come visit from time to time.”
It took over an hour for someone coming out of that door to look for them. When it happened it was Sarah that walked out, he scrub dirty of her own son’s blood and Tony stood up immediately only to feel nausea hit him the moment he met her eyes. His brain screaming:
Tony’s brows furrowed and he took his sunglasses off to look at him, a slow smile spreading on his lips.
They walked around more, stopping by Saint Angel Castle to take a few pictures there to send home to the team and to admire the statues. Tony insisted the angel on the top was Gabriel (“I know my archangels, Steve. He’s the big one”.) and Steve for once kept his mouth shut, not pointing out that Michael was the fighting angel with a sword and enjoying his street food as Tony told him the story behind it, how it was a military fortress and a prison before becoming a museum. To be honest, Steve did not know all that, his knowledge stopped at art. Military and weapons were Tony’s thing, and he was a wonderful storyteller.
Howard had refused to give Tony extra money to pay an apartment to use with ‘that blonde bimbo of yours’ so Tony moved into Steve’s crappy apartment for 4 years, helped him pay the bills until Steve graduated and moved back with his mom in Brooklyn to take care of her. Tony remained in Boston for almost another two years to get his master degree before he joined him.
Steve shot up immediately and pulled Tony up with him, glancing over to see both the airplane model and one of the frames on the ground, in pieces.
He pushed Tony further on the desk, half laying on top of him and letting his kisses trail south on Tony’s chin and his neck, feeling the faint sound of metal and glass crashing on the ground but not quite caring until someone cleared their throat and the two of them turned to look at the door.
Bucky and Sam took him to a barber and they got matching buzz cuts. For Sam it was less than an inch, but for Buck it was a full 6 or 7 inches gone.
And suddenly Tony was in a nice three piece suit, sunglasses covering his eyes and Steve was wearing jeans and a breezy shirt and they were on the side of a large highway. “Oh.”
Steve pulled back from the kiss, grinding against him a little and kissing along his neck, then slowly getting up and pushing his panties down.
Tony’s eyes slid to the window to the side of them, watching their image reflected there in awe. Steve’s hand moved to his shirt and Tony slapped it away playfully, winking at him. “Less messing my clothes and more sucking, Rogers.”
Tony raised his hands in defense. “You guys look alike. You cannot deny he looks a lot like you.” He said quickly. “He’s not as tall as you and his ass is not as good as yours and his hair’s a bit darker but he was wearing the cowl so I didn’t see that.” He was full rambling now. “And his eyes are not as deep and old as yours, he’s just a kid with powers, he didn’t go through hell and back to gain them so he could help the people he loved. And the way he kissed me felt wrong, there was no spark and no passion and you do nothing without passion, Steve I---”
Steve was enamored with all the statues and monuments they encountered, stopping to take pictures and examine them from every possible angle while Tony told trivia about it that he learned over the years of visiting Italy or his mother’s stories.
“I’ve been reading on your latest publications and I really enjoy the character of Hulk.” He told Mr. Dikto. “Given that he’s currently in a bad situation, on the run from General Ross and give the influence a character like Tony Stark would have on the public and the army after his decision to shut down his weapon department…I mean, this could be the perfect moment to introduce him to the timeline, have him help out Banner and then publish his origin arc after the fan got to know him a little in another series.”
Steve shifted a little so he could rub his clothed erection against Tony’s ass, get a little friction as his fingers shaped the wax on his lover’s back.
“Don’t be silly, Stevie.” Tony huffed. “You don’t have a statue of me. And Pygmalion was a Latin myth; you would have to make the sacrifice to Venus.”
“It’s really pretty. My mom used to have this purple brooch that she bought in Ireland, this reminds me of her.” He said, taking the necklace and putting it on before getting up from his chair and moving to place the large rock on his bedside table. “So…how was your sister’s birthday? Did you tell her I was very sorry for missing it?”
“I want you to see how good you make me feel. And once I’m done, I want you to fill me up. Not a moment earlier, Steve. Can you do that for me?”
Tony pulled back just as someone called him for the third time, lifting his gaze to find Sue Storm next to him, her expression less than pleased. Tony’s gaze moved back to the man he was kissing and sure enough, that was not Steve in the Cap uniform but Johnny Storm. Jesus, those two could pass up for twins!
They landed on the bed in just their underwear and Tony ran his fingers through blond damp hair, pulling Steve in a heated kiss only to have the blond stop it with a grin, moving away from him and gaining himself a loud disapproving whine.
“Sorry.” Steve smiled, accepting the water when a straw was brought to his lips. He drank slowly before letting his head fall back on the pillow and closing his eyes. “Thanks, feel better.”
Tony smiled softly, a small blush appearing on his cheeks. “Then have my lips the sin that they have took.”
Steve met the Avengers, fought along with them while grieving the end of his life with Peggy, the end of his life in the 40’s, grieving the loss of his team and all the people he knew.
Tony started walking away from them, aware of the gazes following him. He wandered back to the bar where Natasha mercifully didn’t laugh of him, just raised a delicate finger to point one of the hallways.
Tony frowned. “But you won’t, right?” He teased, turning around and looping his arms around Steve’s neck, kissing him slowly, feeling Steve’s hands on his back, holding him closer. “You afraid I’m gonna flash some poor old lady?”
“You will.” Sarah said, amused. “Spouse beats next of kin; you’ll be having to deal with all the forms and papers whenever he ends up here from now on.”
Steve looked around, immediately recognizing Tony’s lab and Tony’s voice. He turned towards him and found him polishing a wonderful vintage car. “I’m not in control of that.”
Tony hummed and put his glasses on. “Sorry, doll.” He replied and reached out to gently stroke his thigh through the suit pants. And then he stopped, looking up, taking in Steve’s shirt and tie. “Why are you all dressed up?” He asked and his eyes widened ever so slightly. “Did I miss---”
The kid was self-absorbed and arrogant, smart sure but he kept making fun of his family, of Ben especially, in an almost cruel way; he kept flirting with everyone around him, calling them names. He was handsome but very well aware of his physical beauty. Using his powers and his role as Torch to hook up with some cute agent.
It didn’t take long for Steve’s movements to start losing rhythm under him, one of his hand gripping the side of the desk and the other wrapped around his cock, stroking in time with Tony’s counter-time. He was almost sure he heard the wood crack under Steve’s fingers. This desk survived years of abuse from four different CEOs and now it was going to give in to Captain America’s orgasm.
See, Tony had this infallible method of telling ever since college: if he could remember more than four lines of coding of JARVIS, then he was not drunk.
After everything was said and done, after watching Thor take that damn Tesseract away from Earth… that’s when it hit him.
Her eyes softened the moment she spotted him and she wandered over, covering his hands and squeezing them tightly. “He’s okay.” She told him immediately. “He’s okay, we removed the bullet and you can see him soon.” She continued.
“I love when you’re not injured.” Tony replied. “Flirt with me when you’re all in one piece and you might get lucky.”
“…yeah.” He let out a breathy chuckle as Tony uncovered his eyes, leaving him gasping for a moment as his eyes got used to the dim light of the bedroom, to the gorgeous view of a naked Tony Stark straddling him and smiling down at him.
Listen, he was tired and his boy scout mostly vanilla boyfriend was wearing stockings under his pretty suit, cut him some slack!
Steve leaned down to kiss him again, moving his hand to Tony’s bare back, caressing down his spine. “Because I just do.” He shrugged. “Because I don’t know how to live without loving you.”
“My boyfriend saved your life.” Tony muttered. “Even after you called him a gold digger. He jumped in front of a gun for you while the rest of your oh so trusty stuff ran to safety.” He spat.
“We got 12’000 likes and the MOMA official account said they would love to host on a showcase of Captain America’s art.”
convinced him put his espresso machine in the communal are after that time he drank 12 in a day and gave himself a minor heart episode – when the door opened and there was his handsome boyfriend carrying one of those awful Starbucks concoctions that, somehow, contained enough sugar and artificial flavors to give him a boost of energy.
Steve spent hours and hours in bed, barely managing to drag himself to the desk to finish work for his clients. Luckily, the graphic designer studio that hired him did not have any issue in having him work from home as long as he respected the deadlines.
“You know what? It’s no fun going around with you.” Tony told him playfully. “I’ve been researching all these cute things and info and you’re a know-it-all art student.” He accused, making them both laugh as they kissed tenderly.
“It doesn’t matter if Steve said you’re gonna be invited to their wedding. At this point it’s not his decision anymore! You’re not going. You’re not going and you’re not paying, I’ll sell my house if I have to but you’re not using your money to buy my son’s affection after this! He saved your life and you called him a thief!”
Steve rolled his eyes at the Labyrinth quote and took the large stone from Sam’s hands, looking at it closely. “What am I supposed to do with this?”
Well, he probably would’ve looked equally insane if out of the blue Bucky showed interest for art and asked to be recommended some of his favorite painters.
Steve let out a small huff at that and grabbed a mug, pouring himself some water and sipping it as he watched Stark singing. “I’ll keep him in there to sober up and then let him go home tomorrow, as usual.” He assured his deputy. “You can go, Bucky. It’s nearly sundown anyway.”
“Woah, hey kitty.” He said softly, scratching the pet behind the ear delicately before turning back to Steve, moving closer. “Look at you...” He smirked. “Shatner is shaking.”
“That’s just one.” Peggy argued as she took the bunch of letters. Then she chuckled. “Oh, you’re evil.”
When fall arrived, he was too weak to travel anymore. He put all his business in order, wrote his will and organized pretty much everything about his funeral so the others would just have to follow his instructions.
“But then you wouldn’t be able to post it online like you do with my wax works and let people think it’s just a blurry picture of a canvas and not a safe way to let out your inner exhibitionism.”
It just came natural for his hero to have an armor and sword, though he didn’t want him to be a boring character so he gave him a modern looking suit of armor, easier to wear and in flashy colors. He drew him fighting a villain in a more classic grey and bulky type armor. But his hero was smart and his armor had the ability to fly and he managed to defeat the evil guy and save the damsel in distress.
Steve took only two steps to reach him and cup his cheeks, pressing their lips together almost desperately, pushing him back until Tony’s legs hit the side of the desk, pulling him to sit on it and stepping between his legs, pressing their bodies impossibly close.
Tony’s hand moved to rub gently at the spot she hit, not approving of the violence. Not while Steve was still in the hospital. “She’s absolutely right.”
“…the big C.” He answered, sighing heavily. “My mother was a nurse. I’m familiar with the lingo.” He added and his lips curled up in a pained smile. “How are the chances this is just---a small tumor you can remove without fucking up my brain?”
“Give him the best room, I’ll pay for it.” Howard said lightly and Tony didn’t even need to see Sarah’s face to imagine the fire those words lit up in her eyes.
The first time he sketched Tony, it was for a college assignment. The teacher asked his class to draw a small comic stripe with an original character and Steve went back to his dorm and asked his best friend Bucky to send him some of his favorite characters so he could study them and find inspiration since he wasn’t the biggest comics fan himself.
“Well, I’m Captain of a spaceship; you’re Captain of a naval ship. Who outranks who?” Steve asked playfully, knowing he shouldn’t flirt but not quite able to stop himself.
Tony looked down at the stains of blood on Steve’s favourite shirt and nodded at her, smiling softly. “Yeah, I know. I’m lucky.” He said, shifting the bag so he could offer his right hand to the woman, shaking it. “Thank you, officer.”
Steve actually asked this time, that smirk still in place as he sat there, looking all innocent and wholesome.
Sarah sat on the edge of the bed, grabbing her stethoscope and a flashlight and starting to examine him. “You know when you were a teen and you got the idea you wanted to enlist like your dad?” She asked.
He got his first exhibition and a famous French art critic asked if he ever been to Paris because his painting of the Seine was uncanny and wrote him an amazing review.
“He wants to marry me.” Tony finished for him. “I told him he didn’t have to, that you’re an asshole and I don’t care about your permission or your blessing or any of that and he insisted it was important—
Even in these conditions, every waking minute he wasn’t working, he spent drawing and sketching Iron Man’s adventures, Tony Stark soon gaining more allies and more enemies. Steve seemed to know everything about him. Seemed to know
“I don’t care.” He replied, shaking his head. “There’s a chapel. Go and pray that he’s alright because if something…if something goes wrong, you’re responsible for it. This is your fault.” He accused, voice weak.
Tony hummed, tugging Steve closer to kiss him slowly. “I would love that.” He assured. “Why don’t you be a lovely secretary and take that pile over to Pepper’s office while I finish reading here?”
Cut to a couple months later and the three of them would have weekly movie nights with Pepper and Rhodey. Bruce took it upon himself to educate Steve to the food of the world, taking him to all sorts of ethnic restaurant while Tony took care of his pop culture education, showing Steve movies, talking about politics, science, and books.
“That’s not true.” Steve smirked. “I tried to find them when you first said that joke and there’s nothing online like that. Only sexy pictures for magazines but you’re always covering your dick with something.”
“To be fair, with all the parks and green, Italy would be perfect for werewolves. Vampires can enjoy the east and north Europe, vamps get the south and west.” Steve answered, always happy to play along with Tony’s theories.
He whispered to himself as he stood again and marched over to the window, looking outside with a sigh, getting lost in his thoughts as he stared the dark sky above New York.
“I’d like you to meet you Mr. Lee, the creator of Hulk so you can pitch your Hulk & Iron Man idea to him.”
“Absolutely.” Howard confirmed. “You can avoid inviting me to the ceremony if Tony will be stupid enough to say yes.”
“Welcome to the family.” Tony told him on the way back, leaning to kiss him on the cheek as he drove them home. Home at the time being their too small apartment in Boston halfway between MassArt and MIT where the kitchen window was stuck closed and the upstairs guy kept playing tango music every morning at 5 am, for some reason.
Bucky’s expression cleared immediately and he nodded. “Of course! We can go somewhere fun and party or—do one of your artsy trips and visit a bunch of boring museums.”
He liked Batman a lot out of those comics. The idea of a simple human with no special power, other than his own resources and intelligence, going off to fight alongside people like Superman or Wonder Woman surely intrigued him. A lot.
“I’ll be right back, I promise.” He told him. “And I’ll be right outside so this ‘nice’ doctor of yours better be careful.” He added.
“Yeah…” He drawled out the word. “I kinda told your father we’d be fucking throughout our honeymoon to piss him off and…” He paused. “He did call me a gold digger, I feel like now we have to.”
Tony exclaimed, spanking the Cap he already reached before he could change route to make it pass like a playful joke.
“Are you kidding me? For my own godson? I’ll never be too busy for you, kiddo.” Steve reassured. “You know…the first time I drew Iron Man I was there?”
Once the plates were empty and the sun was completely down, Steve got up and closed up the windows and the door carefully, knowing if he were needed people would use the bell hanging from the door outside.
“You don’t know?” Sam cupped his cheeks and forced him to meet his gaze, moving his finger in front of his eyes and lifting his eyelids carefully to check him out. “Where were you?”
“What do you want, Steven?” Howard interrupted, gesturing dismissively towards the chairs across from him. “Skip the pleasantries and make it quick, I’m sure you have…” He paused, looking him over with the same arrogance and disgust of the rest of the people around him. “…things to do.” He finished.
Tony didn’t take his hand, looking away for a long time before he stood up and hugged him, holding him almost hard enough to hurt. “Promise you’ll take care of yourself, Rogers.”
Steve took in a deep breath, fingers digging in the sand as he laid down, looking to the side to where Tony was sitting, sipping a margarita.
Steve rolled his eyes at him and kissed him. “Yes, actually. I’d be very jealous if you did. You’re all mine.” He said and tugged the sheet tighter around them, using it to ‘trap’ Tony in his embrace. “My burrito, now you can’t go flashing nobody.” He grinned, kissing his neck.
His smile didn’t reach his eyes. Neither did Sam’s when he jumped into the conversation. Steve was sure his own smile mirrored theirs as they tried to decide if they wanted to go somewhere cold or warm to spend their vacation.
“But y’know…Halloween will probably be a bit of a bummer and Thanksgiving, depending on how quick those results arrive. But…but we can do something fun for Christmas?”
Bucky laughed and punched him lightly on the arm. “C’mon, how can I not like it?” He asked. “A billionaire weapon maker that gets mortally injured by his own weapons and builds himself a suit of armor that can keep him alive and uses it to save crime? It’s amazing! He can fly, he’s super smart and he’s got a troubled past. I could see this is comic book shops. You just gotta work a little on the alter ego.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything less. So is my blade, it’s a piece from my father’s collection.” Tony hummed, taking the short sword from its sheath and showing it to the other. “The old man loved all kinds of weapons.”
“I do. No. It’s…you.” Tony said, smiling earnestly. “It’s Captain America. My favorite was always Captain America.”
“Tu sei…bel-lissimo.” He said softly, struggling a little with the words. But it was worth it to see the grin spreading on Tony’s face, the faint blush on his cheeks.
His right hand slipped inside his boxers, pulling his hard cock out and he started stroking himself in between pictures. Tony’s eyes opened, head tilting to look at him eagerly, lips barely parted and Steve groaned, spilling white all over Tony’s back and snapping a couple more pictures.
Tony frowned at the cop coming over and stood, accepting the bag that was handed to him: Steve’s clothes, his shoes, his phone, wallet and keys.
Steve moved the bottle back to where Stark could get it and left him there to sing as he got upstairs to get supper started and change into cleaner clothes, knowing he would be spending the night in the Sheriff’s office to keep company to his prisoner. He never liked leaving them alone, especially if it was just Tony pulling one of his drunken stunts.
Tony laughed loudly, taking Steve’s hand and squeezing it tight. “You’re gonna revenge fuck me for our entire honeymoon?”
“How is all of this my fault? Some deranged employee decided to try and kill me for firing him. I didn’t know it was going to happen. I surely didn’t know Steve would be there. I’d never want to hurt him.”
It was a few more seconds before anything happened, the door opening slightly to reveal her shirtless Dad - the bottom half thankfully behind the door. His arc reactor shined bright, momentarily taking the attention away from his messy hair and sweat stained face.
"It's your birthday Thumper, your Pop and I aren't that cruel," her Dad said as he settled on the couch next to her. Her Pop helped pass out the plates before unveiling what he had cooked.
“Hey babe,” Steve greeted his husband, pulling him in for a quick kiss. “What are you guys doing here?”
Em couldn’t help but smile at that. She knew he was probably drinking out of stress but she also remembers Peter telling her about one of the few times he had seen his father drunk – and how funny the man had been. “I’ll go help him J.”
She rolled her eyes with a smile, glad they changed their topic of conversation while she focused on drawing with her brother.
“It’s just…in the beginning, I felt bad about replacing Dad with you and T. And then, or now…I feel bad about replacing you guys…” She looked away from her Pop now, blinking hot tears from her eyes as she continued.
“Is that a yes? Are you serious?” Peter asked panicking, heart stammering loud enough that the entire school could probably hear it.
She took this time to look at Peter, Steve and Tony individually before addressing the others. “Because they don’t look at me or treat me like everyone else does.”
"Would you believe me if I said I do it because I love you?" the smart-ass offered as he finished sloppily throwing his stuff together.
“Wait...what? Buck...you’ve never made me feel like that?” Clint said quietly, face scrunched up in confusion. The sad look coming from his boyfriend - fuck it felt good to think that again - had him reaching a hand out to rest on his shoulder.
Tony knew she had been having trouble making friends at school. He was mostly happy for her. It was just his damn PTSD that freaked him out when he slept completely alone. This is the first time in a long time and thus the shaky glass in his hand.
His husband was drenched in sweat, soaking his tank top and plastering his sweaty blonde hair back. His basketball shorts hugged his hips as he rested his hand near them, stopping a few feet away from the brunette. Normally Tony would love the chance to jump his husband’s bones, but he was sweaty and Tony was still wearing his expensive work clothes.
There was a pause in their scene as she figured out her next move; she felt three eyes on her. She knew if she made it obvious in any way that she was uncomfortable, Steve would let it slide instead of forcing anything that silly on her.  The truth is that she was gradually getting used to their physical signs of love, but it didn’t stop the flutter of anxiety in her stomach. Before she could change her mind, she returned the smile and shrieked “NOOO!” before diving under the blanket to scramble over a now laughing Tony. Steve took that as a go ahead, letting Peter roll to the floor as he reached under the blankets to attack his youngest.
Peter heard several teachers yelling at them as John shoved Emerson – who was quickly caught by Peter.
“Come on hot stuff,” the taller teen said with a smile as he grabbed Tony’s hand. “I wanna see your moves.”
“My hero,” Clint said with an eye roll, trying to wiggle himself free until the weight was suddenly lifted off of him. James rolled off of him and threw the toy for Lucky to chase. His expression was sad, which had Clint sitting up in concern.
“Oh,” Clint said lamely, not planning on saying those words let alone his reaction. “Cool,” he added with a smile, feeling like he was high even though he hadn’t smoked in weeks. But then James was pulling him in to kiss again and Clint forgot what they were talking about.
“My mother is on standby if you need any help, though I’m sure Pepper is more than capable of handling it,” she shot him a smile, which he maturely returned before sticking his tongue out. “I also wrote down his pediatrician’s number in case that rash comes back.”
“And that is very sweet, Daciana. But that isn’t your job. Your job is to learn how to be a kid. And you are doing a great job with that,” he said with a smile, bringing his arms up to give her the option of a hug. Thinking about his earlier conversation with Bucky, he gave her the option patiently. She was already better with physical touch, and Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t love that after Bucky, he was the one she requested the most physical affection from.
“You know…I am older than my Uncle Franklin ever was. Your son?” she asked, not looking away from the woman’s face turning to shock. The older woman open and closed her mouth a few times in response as her brows furrowed in anger.
“Hey Tony, is everything okay?” the Alpha asked, concern wafting off him as he stood up to greet the brunette. Tony waited until they were alone before motioning Steve to join him on the couch.
“Isaac, Lillian, this is my friend, Leo. Leo, this is Lilli and Izzy,” Wade introduced the three as the twins enthusiastically waved at their new friend. Leo nodded to the two, though Pete could see the beginnings of a smile forming on the little boy’s face.
Steve leaned in, lips brushing against Tony’s fingers as he took the chestnut before he smirked teasingly and leaned up to kiss his cheek. “You’re sexy when you talk Italian.” He told him. “Also your accent is adorable.”
Steve smiled and beckoned him close so he could ruffle his hair. “Sure you can kiddo.” He assured. “Now, help your old uncle up so your mother will stop looking at me like I’m about to pass away.”
As soon as they were inside, Steve was on him, kissing him with the same playful energy that had them giggling and running like kids all the way back here. Giddy, that’s how he felt.
They kept in touch via texts and mails and Steve eventually arrived to the west coast and stopped by. Tony took him to see Hollywood and they spent a couple weeks in his house there before both decided it was time to get back home to New York.
From the castle to Pincio terrace, they wandered through gorgeous monuments and busy shopping streets, the sky slowly turning a delicate shade of pink, the clouds moving fast in the light breeze of the first days of fall.
“Oh, it’s so fun! Nobody knows but Tony’s butler. I gave him a British sassy butler like Alfred but he’s an Artificial Intelligence that can control the suit for Tony when he needs to be in the same room as Iron Man.”
Steve walked out of the bathroom looking as if nothing happened and Tony had cleaned up the little mess on the side of the desk and returned to his paperwork. Tony smiled. “Shall we?” He asked, turning off his computer and gathering the papers on his desk in his arms as he stood up. “I’m starving.”
It was spring already and he would love to have birthday pictures that didn’t look like he was about to pass out. He wanted to spend the few money he had left traveling and doing things he never did, not stuck in a bed.
Steve hummed in response, floating in his own head, letting thoughts move by, pushed away by the waves. He didn’t need to think, didn’t need to feel anything but Tony and silk lips against his own.
Steve got up from the table, shook the man’s hand and walked out. A blink later he was standing in front of Sam’s apartment, staring at the door.
Also, 90% of his paintings got sold. The gallery director tried to give credit to his newfound fame in the comic world but they both knew that every collector in the States was hoping he’d die and that the price of his works would go through the roof.
Steve smiled through the screen at Jacob, watching the image that he was sharing with him. “That’s so cool! I love his uniform so much, that shading is great.”
Hill and Natasha were near the bar, chatting amicably, the first dressed as a hockey player and the other as some manga character, sporting a black short wig. Both looked absolutely stunning and terrifying.
Tony waved and wandered back in the room, dropping the bag on a chair and taking out the keys to Steve’s bike, rolling their wedding ring off the keyring and placing it back on Steve’s hand where it belonged. He then laid down on the bed, curling on Steve’s right side and resting his head on his chest.
Tony looked almost sheepish when he looked up from his phone, a little red spreading on his neck but never reaching his cheeks.
“You’re perfect.” Tony whispered, noticing the movement, lifting a hand to Steve’s, linking their fingers, and starting to increase the pace, locking eyes with him.
And right now, as he entered the hall of SHIELD HQ for the Halloween party, he could remember about six so not drunk, thank you very much.
Steve sat at the table with the publisher, showing him some of the stories of Iron Man’s origins and talking about the way he’d like to develop his character.
Both of them laughed, Tony even offered the other a couple sips from his flask before he wandered off towards the bar to get a drink and see if he could spot Steve somewhere.
“M’ladies.” Tony bowed for them as he leaned against the counter next to them and drummed his rings on the shiny surface to get the attention of the bartender. “Scotch on the rocks.” He ordered.
The four of them sat outside, this time the mood was definitely lighter; Tony got them all drinks from a vending machine and sat contently between his mother and Sarah, holding both their hands.
After six months of treatments, when the doctor told him they could try another three months or give him something to manage the symptoms, Steve refused both.
Steve was turned the other side, chatting with Reed and his fiancée, wearing his Captain America costume, those wonderful thighs and his perfect round ass not looking the best tonight, but then again, knowing Steve, the guy was probably wearing a fake version of his costume not to ruin the real one. The shield was a fake version too, Tony noted as he stepped closer. A good imitation but not the real one. Tony would know.
“Yeah, probably just a food poisoning. I’ve been avoiding that crappy burger place and I’m good. And I have news!”
“Tony? Baby? They say we can see him now. You there?” His mother called after a few minutes and Tony got up slowly, washing his face and his hands before he walked out, following them to Steve’s room.
She handed him a business card. Steve pocketed it with the clear intention of tossing it out the moment he was out of sight.
Steve blinked his eyes open, letting out a small sound as his mother took the chance to keep them open and tell him to follow the light. “…no.”
“Tony.” Natasha greeted in a cold tone but the corner of her lips was raised, the only sign of her amusement and affection. “You smell like a true pirate.” She informed.
Tony watched the three of them argue, partly enjoying the roast of his father but mostly pissed off any of this was so important to them.
Steve felt his cheeks heat up but refused to let him win. “I probably wouldn’t have been able to pay her medical bills without Tony, you’re right. I’d have taken an extra job and paid them anyway, though.” He replied. “I never once asked Tony money, I’m not interested in Tony’s money.”
“Can we---” Steve paused, looking down at his lap for a moment, blinking back his tears. “Can we wait until next month on the scan?” He asked. “I have to go to the New York Comic Con. I’m gonna present my comic book to the Marvel panel.”
Tony let out a chuckle, it looked almost sad. He squeezed Steve’s hand and started to let go but the Captain held tighter.
Howard looked a little taken aback from the answer but he continued. “But if I told Tony I wanted you to sign a pre-nup he’d get mad at me and refuse. You’re manipulating him.”
Tony chuckled to himself, leaning down to kiss Steve’s back, pushing in deeper against his prostate. “I love you so much.”
Steve resisted the need to fidget under his gaze. He didn’t look away and tightened his hand on his jeans when he felt the need to run it through his hair, not wanting to show any weakness. “I love Tony, we’ve been together for almost nine years now and I want to spend the rest of my life with him. I want to marry him.” He stated. “And I will. Whether you approve or not, that is not why I’m here.” He said. “I, personally, couldn’t care less about your opinion on me, on my relationship with your son. And I know Tony says the same…but it’s not true.” He explained. “Tony likes to think he doesn’t need you, that he doesn’t care about you affection, that your relationship is not important but every time you two argue, I can tell he’s not okay, every time you make a bad comment on me or our relationship I can tell Tony is hurt. You are his father, of course he is. I’m not here for me, I’m here for Tony.”
They questioned him again but Steve didn’t give them an answer. He knew it was silly but if there was even a single remote chance of being able to live another life or even just a full day in Tony’s universe…then it was worth it.
“We’re gonna be able to go inside the sanctuary of Aphrodite, which people normally don’t do. And…I’ll be able to leave a candle on the altar.”
Tony sat up, smiling brightly up at him and standing, stumbling over to the bars and grabbing the mug from his hands, looking inside with a raised brow.
Tony exclaimed as he took Steve’s hand, turning him around and planting a kiss on his lips, hard and passionate, one hand moving to his neck and the other to his hip.
He could feel something weird in his head, a little voice, every single time he looked up and saw Tony stare at him, he couldn’t tell why…but Stark’s gaze made him uncomfortable. It was like the man was looking for something and Steve didn’t know what it was.
“It is.” He confirmed. “Tony and I have been living together for a while now, I’ve a stable job. Two, actually and my mother’s health is much better.”
Steve nodded. “I still will. And I still would like you to attend. But that’s just me giving a damn about your son’s happiness. But I can see I’m probably the only one.”
“A friend of mine is working with a comic book publisher! It’s not DC but it’s getting quite famous and they’d be interested in Iron Man.”
“Even more than that.” Steve agreed, smiling up at him. “Even more than that shiny cross around my neck.”
Tony gave him a soft smile and leaned up to kiss him before he settled back in his arms, holding him close.
Tony put the file in the pile of the signed ones and paused, stretching his arm and hand and loosening his tie before he turned to his computer, switching to a different playlist and readjusting the volume so he wouldn’t bother the people outside his office before he grabbed another project report to authorize and started reading. He should really start wearing his glasses when he was working and had to write and read a lot.
“Hey.” Tony accused pulling his hand away and using it to push him lightly before the lovely guide of the museum interrupted them so they could go inside and visit the small museum there and go up to the balcony to take a few pictures.
“Okay then.” He kept looking at his best friend a minute more before moving his gaze to the pages in front of him once more. “So…what happens after he manages to kill Iron Monger? Who’s the next cool villain? Does Pepper find out that there’s no bodyguard and it’s Tony who saved her?”
He took weeks to find an original phaser and a communicator that didn’t cost as much as his bike. Took his time to find the perfect uniform and the perfect boots to pair with it and the perfect accessories and he even went to a barber to get his hair to look exactly like Captain Kirk just so he could see Tony laugh and be happy and spend the evening together making fun of the agent’s costumes.
Tony looked almost bashful then, stepping back a little and massaging his temple. “So…when you said you’d be dressing as my favorite Captain…I might have misinterpreted.”
Steve smiled down at his phone, pocketing it and walking inside and over to Howard’s desk. “Mr Stark, it’s a pleasure to see you agai--”
“Are you actually trying to make cry, kiddo? That’s…I love him. You should work on a little background, and then we can present it to Stan and Steve down at Marvel.”
“Please.” Tony snorted. “Barnes’ smart but not that smart. No one would ever think you’re the kind of lad to bring another lad into his bed.” He teased, pressing a kiss on a small bruise on his side. Steve was always bruised, scratched or cut somehow. Whether it was from helping someone to carry something heavy or from ending up in a fight with bad people threatening Timely. Tony had to worry about his safety all day, every day. Steve was way too good for this town, way too righteous for a shithole like this, a shithole filled with cowards and scum. Or in Tony’s cases. Both.
Bucky accused, turning to him and raising a finger to poke his shoulder. “You’re always chirpy when we keep him here for the night.”
Tony got up and walked away from their argument, finding himself five minutes later sitting on the floor of the male bathroom, sobbing out all the tears he held in until now.
Steve woke up hours later to the click of a camera and blinked slowly, pulling himself to sit up, smiling at the scene in front of him:
Steve was just a sad old man in a body too young. They might be friend but he shouldn’t have fooled himself wanting more.
“Thank you, Stark. How ya doin’ in there?” He asked, setting the plates on the desk before grabbing the keys from the wall and unlocking the cell, nodding at him to get out and pulling two chairs over to the desk.
“When his parents died he was still basically a teenager so he grew facial hair to appear older and handle the business but his father had mustache so he grew a goatee to make sure not to look too much like him because his father was kind of a dick to him.”
Steve took off his hat as he entered the sheriff’s office, wiping his brow tiredly with his forearm and sighing heavily as he wandered over to his desk to grab some water. He stopped in his tracks as he noticed Bucky sitting there, massaging his temples with a sour expression.
“So, you were adamant to try and get an appointment on Anthony’s free day, even if you had to wait five weeks. It’s about him, then.”
“I wanted to be the person you think of whenever you think of having sex in the office, not whatever girl you brought here years ago.”
Steve smirked, moving to almost pour the water before pulling it back and taking a long sip from it himself.
“Who the fuck cares, Steve. God! You’re my brother, I love you. I don’t fucking care. I would rather live in a car for the next twenty years than let you give up!”
Bucky showed up to his door two days later with a FRAKTA blue Ikea bag filled to the brim with comics placed in plastic sheets and handed him a five pages list with characters and summaries of each of them, saying he’d be back to get them in a week and to please –PLEASE – do not eat or drink around them and not break the spines.
Steve moaned around him, relaxing his throat for him and obediently moving his hands behind his back.
Steve hesitated. “Yeah. But it’s not your fault. It’s mine. I-I…” He smiled sadly. “So, you and Johnny, uh? I didn’t know you guys were that close.”
Steve’s eyes were dark as he put away the last candle and reached for the Polaroid camera on the bedside table, standing up on the bed and taking pictures of his painting, of Tony laying there, naked, hard, and deep under. A lovely masterpiece just for him.
Steve hadn’t really given that much thought. “Iron man.” He said, after glancing down at the faded Black Sabbath sticker on his backpack (a reminder of his metal phase back in high school). “Like the song.” He explained. The teacher gave him a weird look, sensing he just made it up.
Tony winked and put the sword back on his side, turning some to look at the room. “Say, you got eyes on the Captain, Hawk?” He murmured as he took his flask from a pocket and took a sip, the liquor burning some in his throat.
Tony was wearing light brown breeches cut to the knee; his black leather boots covered the rest of his legs; his shirt was bright red, closed with drawstrings on the sleeves and the front (for easy access); a large black belt over a red sash, a cutlass hanging from his side, a black vest and a tricorn hat finished the look.
A soft sigh escaped Tony’s lips as he watched the other walk out, those pants hugging his ass like a glove. Right. Work. Finish quickly so he could get distracted.
Steve took his arm again as they walked away from the fountain and into one of the little streets around the piazza. The soldier, even with his sense of direction, would have gotten lost in there, too distracted by the buildings around them, but Tony seemed to know them by heart and it was fascinating to see him so at ease somewhere. They usually gathered crowds of fans wherever they went but luckily, no one knew they were in vacation in Italy and Pepper and Natasha were great at diverting the news and make it seem like they were somewhere else entirely.
Steve looked up at him adoringly, trying not to thrust up into the warm heat of Tony’s hole, trying not to come right on the spot from the way Tony was moving above him.
Steve felt almost as if it was affecting him but he knew he wasn’t drunk on booze but drunk on Tony, on the way he touched him. He let out a moan as Tony’s hands landed on his ass, squeezing it tightly.
Tony walked in, his eyes moving around quickly, curiously, memorizing every detail before he glanced down at the cat and he blinked a little.
“And you’re dangerous, Rogers. You can’t do stuff like that! I’ve a weak heart.” He answered, pulling him in a hungry kiss, pressing close to him before smirking softly as they pulled apart. “But you can’t talk Italian for /shit/.” He added with a chuckle right before tugging Steve back into another long kiss. “Guess I’ll have to teach you.”
Tony marched out of the elevator and headed over to the nurse station, opening his mouth to ask about Steve Rogers when he noticed a familiar figure in one of the hallways and pushed himself off the counter and over to his father’s pacing form. “What the hell happened?!” He snapped, trying his best not to raise his voice. And failing miserably. “There’s a dozen reporters out there and two police cars! Where is Steve? What did you do?” He asked, standing so close to his father he could smell his stupid cologne.
Tony huffed, leaning up on his elbow to steal a long kiss. “Because you love me. More than you love that shiny star on your chest, even.” He said.
So now he was walking into the crowded room where the celebration was being held, swaying ever so slightly.
“And…” Steve added. “I’ve got somebody to thank but---where do you think I can find a bull to sacrifice?”
Steve gave her a pet as he entered, the cat ignored him and so Steve moved on, not wanting to bother her just because he felt needy and sad and wanted to cuddle something. Last thing he needed now was for Fury’s cat to get angry and scratch him.
It was a slow and careful job, taking almost ten minutes per minute and once he reached the small of Tony’s back and heard him whine, Steve paused, putting away the candle and moving his fingers through his lover’s hair gently.
Tony stared at the sinful smirk on Steve’s lips and moved his hand up his leg, under the clothes, feeling stockings at least up his knees.
Steve had never seen Tony with hair so long, nor wearing clothes that revealed the light of the arc reactor behind his shirt so clearly. Yet here it was, right before his eyes. So beautiful and perfect and…real.
Tony pulled him back in his arms, laughing and quickly getting lost in Steve’s kisses, his arms, the scent of his skin, the sounds of his moans as he came.
Both women seemed to think about it for a moment before his mother sighed. “But you’re still going to have a real wedding, right?”
“Mr Stane gave us the video from the surveillance cameras and Mr Harris pleaded guilty, we don’t need these as proof.” She informed him. “Your husband is a very brave man.” She added. “Not every man would jump in to save the life of their in-laws.”
Steve kissed back, with much more experience than Tony had anticipated, hands landing with no hesitation on his shoulders.
Steve was officially in love with Verona. The small city seemed to come out of a wonderful painting. The walls surrounding it, the beautiful buildings and houses, the bridges, the monuments, arches, towers, gardens. Steve wanted nothing but to sit on a bench and paint every single corner. On a couple occasions he did. He sat there with his sketchpad, charcoal in hand and just drew while Tony sat by his side, talking and reading and eating gelato. The days they spent there were absolutely lovely.
His boyfriend was hooked up to a couple monitors and an IV, his face was pale but his heartbeat was steady, his vitals normal and Tony made a beeline for the chair at the side of his bed, taking his hand in both his. “Don’t you ever scare me like that, Rogers, I swear.” He told him even though Steve was still on anaesthesia. He moved his head to rest on Steve’s thigh, closing his eyes and letting the warmth of Steve’s hand and the sound of his heartbeat lull him in a light doze while just a couple feet from them, his parents and Steve’s mother were still arguing as if they were on some fucking Oprah talk show.
“Then no upstairs, I don’t bring criminals into my home.” Steve said, grabbing a blanket and a pillow and handing them to Tony as he walked back into his cell. He then grabbed another blanket and the lamp and followed the pouting man inside the cell.
Steve ran a hand through his hair frustrated before he sat down heavily in the large desk chair and leaned back.
“You know that the statue of the Nile has his face covered ‘cause Bernini hated Borromini’s guts and that church…” Tony turned from the fountain to point at the church across Piazza Navona. “Is made by Borromini so the statue is kind of hiding from it?” He pointed out.
If Steve thought the blindfold was overstimulation, he didn’t take into consideration how intense Tony’s gaze could be while he bounced on his cock. It was too much, too much and Steve wasn’t sure he could handle it. Wasn’t sure he could breath.
Howard leaned back in his chair, watching him some before he stood up and wandered over to the window to look outside. “How much money do you have in your bank account at the moment?” He asked.
Brows arched in pleasure, brown eyes half-close, those long lashes drawing beautiful shadows on his cheeks, swollen lips parted. His body was still for a moment, muscles tensed, his cock shooting thick ropes over Steve’s abdomen, painting him with his pleasure, claiming him with it.
Once he felt like he could move, he put away the camera, gathering the pictures away from the mess and settled back behind his lover, grabbing his painting knife and slowly, painstakingly removing the wax from Tony’s back, enjoying every moan, every whine of pleasure and pain. He felt Tony come not even halfway through but he didn’t stop, didn’t even slow down, letting him feel every scrape and stroking the red and abused skin gently until it was completely clean.
The punches and the blood, the food that he could never quite cook like her, the smell of paint and the burn in his throat with every cough, the wind, the way the world was a little dimmer without her, the shadow of something evil growing in the world; and the only softness was the feeling of his brushes on the canvas.
“Aw, Stevie. I’m willing to lay down my whole fleet for you.” He purred and put both his hands on Steve’s chest, sliding them up and linking them behind his neck.
Steve sat back on his heels and reached for the azure candle, bringing it close and starting to let the wax drip on Tony’s back in a regular pattern, using his thumb to shape every drop the way he wanted. They might have looked like petals at first when he was working with the black and the navy blue but finally his design was starting to look the way he planned.
Maria gently put her hand on her son’s arm, stroking it gently and rubbing circles with her thumb on his wrist. “We’re in a hospital.” She told both of them softly, a hint of firmness in her tone. “Calm down before they kick us out.” She warned.
Sarah clicked the flashlight off and slapped his forehead lightly. “Because I knew you’d get yourself killed jumping in front of a gun to save the first asshole that crossed your way!”
“Here.” Steve lifted his gaze from the phone when the secretary called his name and stood up, adjusting his jacket a little. “Thank you, ma’am.” He added as he walked up to the door, pausing before it.
He heard a second gunshot at the same time he felt pain blossom on the left side of his chest and screamed, falling in and out of conscience.
Tony and Sarah moved at the same time. Sarah leaning over to kiss her son’s cheeks and Tony bringing his hand to his lips, kissing it.
Of course, Tony was not interested in him. Why would he when there were so many younger, much more attractive men out there?
Steve hummed a little before smirking. “Witches and Sirens do.” He said, as it was obvious. “They can travel the ocean flying or swimming, so they came to America while the others stayed back.”
This new era was rougher than the one he left: plastic and metal, and sharp edges and cold glass to touch instead of paper, the lights felt a little colder, the colors felt brighter, too bright, too rough.
“I was wearing them when I was on my call and all I could think was you watching that interview and think about fucking me right here, on your desk…” He purred. “Or try and work and find my panties in your drawer…”
It took a minute but he waited patiently for Tony to speak up, smiling widely when the answer was a soft yet clear:
“I gotta take off my socks. I stepped in a puddle and it’s gross and wet and cold…” Steve told him, removing his socks and Tony’s as well. “And it’s the least sexy thing on earth having sex with socks on.”
“Is that his blood?” Tony asked, noticing the splatter of red on his father’s pristine white shirt. He felt his stomach twist unpleasantly as his brain caught up with his mouth and he looked up to Howard, to his tight lips. “Jesus!” He hissed, covering his mouth with his hand, dragging it down his chin slowly. “What happened? Why was my boyfriend with you?”
Sometimes he would say things to him, mention places and names and wait…as if Steve was about to play along to some inside joke.
Tony’s hands moved to his hair, messing it up as he hooked one leg around the other’s waist, deepening the kiss, making Steve taste the alcohol.
“It’s good luck to touch her.” Tony informed, nodding to the statue. “They made it in bronze because of that. The original was getting ruined.” He added. “It’s said it’s good luck to touch her right breast, over the heart, so her sad fate won’t happen to you.”
“Look I’m sorry about that little show back there but…we thought it best of break it to you slowly.”
His boyfriend pointed up at the plaque on top of the gate, translating for him: “This was the house of Capuleti where…” He paused, frowning. “It literally says came out but it’s like when she comes out of the balcony and it’s kind of archaic so it means ‘where lived the Juliet that the—kind hearts cried so much and the poets wrote’.” He said, grinning to him once he was done and smiled, pulling him inside. “They allowed us a private tour. Surprise!” He said as they entered the lovely garden, overlooked by a small stone balcony.
Opening his eyes again, he felt more voices around him; a blurred man dressed in blue was holding a flashlight in front of him. “Steve?” Suddenly there was a hand squeezing his. “I’m sorry, oh fuck! Steve?” He tilted his head and frowned, a blurred face was staring at him worriedly.
“I don’t even know the truth yet.” Steve huffed. “They called me in for another test and to talk to a specialist. It could be anything.” He said and offered his hand to the genius. “I’ll tell them when I know.”
Steve tried to answer to every single letter, if only with a tiny sketch of Iron Man for whoever tried to reach out. He tried posting updates on his socials and reassure his fans and colleagues but the truth was that it wasn’t going to work. Steve has read it in his doctors’ eyes when they offered to treat him and could read it in the gentle attentions of the nurses at the hospital. His mother used to act the same way with terminal patients.
good. Steve. Fuck, Steve. Steve…” He rambled, licking his lips before throwing his head back some, his hands moving to Steve’s thigh behind him, short nails sinking into his skin as he reached his climax.
They got tipsy on wine laying on the beach that night, making out like teenagers and Steve woke up in the morning fully hard, happiest than he had in ages.
The conversation continued pleasantly, they played videogames and ordered pizza for dinner. When Sam left, Steve got ready for bed and climbed in. That night, for the first time, he had a dream about Iron Man.
The bartender at Starbucks asked why they did it and when they answered solidarity for a friend who was going through chemo, she didn’t immediately realized the friend was Steve which he counted as a win.
“Yes.” Tony hissed, leaning forward, holding onto Steve’s shoulders as he milked every drop of semen out of him.
The two of them chatted quietly about the latest news in town, sharing stories of their day, enjoying the meal even with constant reminder from Stark about how it would have been much better with wine.
Watching Steve bottom was always a high in itself, he was always so responsive, shuddering and moaning with every thrust, with every kiss and caress.
Tony had been to the Stark Industries party earlier that evening and got a few drinks with the R&D team. Then he went home and got a couple drink more to calm down: it wasn’t often one planned to make a move of Captain America. Finally, he changed into his pirate costume and well, a costume so elaborate and detailed would be wasted if Tony didn’t put real grog into his flask, right? Historical accuracy.
Tony was laying on top of him, head resting on his chest and fingertips caressing his ribs. “What will happen to me if something happens to you?”
Tony quickly tried to recover from his mistake, leaning in and kissing Sue on the lips, pulling back almost immediately and grinning charmingly. “I’d give you a proper one too but we don’t want to anger the loving boyfriend, do we?” He joked, winking over to an unimpressed Reed Richards in a Lancelot costume. “Cool armor!” He added. “Call me if you ever want a real one.” He joked, tipping his hat for Sue and then again for Johnny, who was smirking smugly at him.
Tony paused a long moment and shrugged. “Almost. Five lines. I’m still sober enough to know you’re up here looking all sad because of me.”
Steve arched a brow in what he probably thought was a sexy gesture. Nothing looked sexy about him right now. “I love when you’re jealous.”
Then, while he was distracted complimenting Bruce on his costume as a 50’s cop, that he spotted him.
“C’mon, I made reservations.” Tony prompted as he took his hand to pull him away from one of the churches. “You’ve seen enough saints for one day.” He teased, leaning up to kiss his jaw. “Can you imagine how hard it’d be for a vampire to live in Italy? God, poor guys.”
“Bundle it was stolen, in a neat locality, something crossed me mind, when I looked behind, no bundle could I find upon me stick a-wobblin’…'Quiring after the rogue, said me Connaught brogue. It wasn't much in vogue on the rocky road to Dublin.”
“Do we have to write new vows? I don’t know if I can top the first one, I made Rhodey and Natasha cry.”
He put a golden plate underneath it and asked her to let him wake up in Tony’s world while lighting it.
Steve came over the day after the battle of New York to help him clean up the penthouse and Tony showed up at his tiny SHIELD apartment two days later to take the trackers off Steve’s new ride. They parted for a while. Tony moving to California as his Tower was fixed and Steve going off to travel the country.
“It’s white labradorite.” Sam explained. “Or rainbow moonstone. It’s supposed to give calming and relaxing vibes and help with dreams and improve focus and clarity.” He nodded. “I figured, since you’ve been having issues with sleep and work, you might use some placebo effect?” He shrugged and sighed at Steve’s raised brows. “One of my cousins is really into this stuff and I was telling her about your health problems and she dragged me to her favorite shop to get you one of these for you. Made me pick the one that spoke to me the most. She also convinced me to get you this.” He took out a small necklace with a light purple gem. “It’s amethyst, apparently it’s very good for healing headaches and stuff like that.”
“Please. Please Mr. Stark…I-I…ah! I want you to fuck me—harder.” A loud moan interrupted when Tony hit his prostate. “Please, fuck me hard and fast. I’m your bitch! Tony, please, please. I’m your bitch! Make me feel it. Make me come---I’ve been hard for hours waiting to come here.”
That night, at dawn, Steve was lead inside the perimeter of the sanctuary and over to where the altar would’ve been located. The candle he brought was red and gold, apple scented. Steve had carved roses on the outside; in the middle, wrapped around the wick, was a small drawing of Iron Man. He asked a lovely girl online with pink hair at a local witchy shop where could he commission something like that and she made it for him. He thought finding her was a good sign.
Steve was sitting on the armchair in Sam’s living room, eating Chinese food with his friends, chatting about what they were gonna do for the holidays, listening to their plans, their ideas for trips and fun experiences.
“I sure do.” Steve said. “And no one will ever believe your drunken ass.” He added playfully, making both of them chuckle.
“Would I ever be friend with someone that calls himself Mr. Fantastic?” Tony asked with a wide smirk, taking his drink and starting to make his way over.
His teacher bought it. Gave him a nice grade and Steve hung the stipe on the wall in his dorm and forgot about it for a few years.
“Hey…my daddy issues have nothing to do with Howard’s alcoholism.” Steve chuckled a little but stopped when his head started aching all of a sudden and he took a minute to recover. “I really like him. I think he’s a character with a strong sense of self.”
“I am.” Steve promised. “It’s really better since I started going to the gym and all.” He smiled. “I probably just had a couple coffees too much yesterday and my body is complaining.”
“Easy…” Tony moaned, pressing his hands to the other’s chest to keep him still and Steve could do nothing more than follow his instructions. “Slowly.” He added, moving up and down over him, forcing Steve to follow his pace, his hands touching him all over, silk against his skin. “You’re gorgeous like this, baby.” He purred. “So good for me.”
“You and your money, Stark. Why didn’t you marry those instead of this poor woman? Surely looks like you love them more than you do her or your son.”
Bucky sighed a little, undecided. “Natasha would like it if I could go home early for once. She’s been complaining about my work.” He admitted.
Steve nodded wordlessly, his mouth dry, his brain starting to feel numb, empty as he focused solely on keeping his eyes open, slowly sinking into nothingness.
Had another sold out exhibition, went to a couple conventions to say hi to his fans, took a lot of pictures with Iron Man’s cosplayers.
Eventually the stimulation started getting too much for Tony and Steve got up, grabbed a towel and finished cleaning them up quickly. He turned the genius on his stomach again and settled on the bed with him, spreading a soothing cream on the burns and whispering how good and perfect and beautiful Tony had been for him, cuddling with him until they both fell asleep.
The black and navy gave a nice background color and the azure created the motion of a stormy wave but now it was really starting to look like the ocean, the wave starting up Tony’s left shoulder, rising on the muscle of his shoulder blade and then dropping down to his spine, following that perfect line halfway before turning right, following the line of his oblique muscles down to his right hip.
Steve rewarded him with a longer kiss this time and got back to work with the wax, lighting the next candle while he finished the azure pattern. “You’re such a beautiful canvas.” He purred, admiring the way the wax followed the curves and dips created by Tony’s muscles. “One more color now.” He let the azure trickle down Tony’s spine for a moment, enjoying the moan he got in return.
Turning around, he saw Tony stand by his deep red car in a light grey suit, sneakers, his eyes looking at him intently behind the sunglasses and…everything came back to him.
birthday. For Angie’s first red carpet once she finally made it big, for Jacob’s graduation and for Sam and Bucky’s wedding.
“You’re all mean. Call the doctor with the piercing, she’s nice to me.” Steve smirked. The little shit.
Half-naked and sated, Steve laid on the cot in the small cell, Tony’s head resting on his chest, drawing circles with his fingers on his abdomen, playing with the curly trail that from his navel disappeared under his pants. “How are you so blond up there and so red down here?” He asked with a chuckle.
There was some sort of power thing about being fully dressed and having Steve nearly naked in his arms, fully at his mercy and Tony was usually one for giving Steve full power on him in the bedroom but this was probably some sort of secret kink that his genius boyfriend found out.
A moment he was standing, the next he was laid on the marble floor with people around him and strong hands pressing on his chest, right under his collarbone. “Steve, Steve, don’t fall asleep!” someone ordered but his eyes fell so heavy.
“Color.” He demanded, speaking clearly to make sure to cut through the haze of pleasure and coax his genius back to verbal communication.
Tony leaned down and kissed him sensually. “Go get cleaned up and then we can go to dinner.” He urged, watching Steve get up and gather his clothes before walking to the bathroom. Only after the door closed did Tony remove his feet from Steve’s panties, lifting it up and holding it a moment before sliding it in one of the drawers and getting dressed.
He had been talking with a few agents when he saw Tony make out with Storm and he left the party, figuring no one would come look for him in Fury’s office.
He kept dreaming of Tony almost every night. He got to fly with him on the armor and swim with him in the infinity pool on the top of his skyscraper. Tony took him out to dinners and lunches and breakfasts all over the world, talking about science and engineering and wonderful adventures.
“Gorgeous.” He moaned, falling on his knees and letting Tony lick his fingers clean, enjoying the afterglow for a little while.
When the elevator opened again, Steve let out a soft gasp. There were string lights illuminating the whole roof area and in the middle there was a large fluffy blanket with pillows, a bucket of ice with champagne and to the side of it was a chocolate fountain with a tray of various fruits. “Tony…”
“Yes, exactly. Not your approval, I repeat, I will marry Tony if he wants me. But I know for your son it’s important that you accept that. Even if he doesn’t like to admit it.”
Steve stood by the side, his hands raised as well, terrified as much as everyone around. He could see the desperation in the man’s eyes and when the gun was aimed at Howard’s chest, Steve’s body started moving before his brain could decide to and he grabbed the man to push him away from there.
“Now now, that’s not nice, is it?” Tony chuckled, knowing she was referring to the alcohol. He took a very throughout shower, just in case. “And here I came just to compliment your lovely outfits.”
And, of course, he was also wearing an eyepatch. Which, to be quite honest, was not helping much with his balance.
Steve’s eyes opened once more with the firm order, responding to it as if his life depended from it.
“I sent Bambi and Kyle home, it’s almost six. I can take the documents to whenever they need to be when you’re done.”
“Beautiful.” Tony moaned. “Just like that…” He praised, moving faster, more frantically, one hand leaving Steve’s chest to wrap around his own cock and stroke it. “You’re so hard, baby…I-I…won’t be walking straight…ah, fuck. Yes.
“I’ll still tell people it was me who inspired you when you were writing it. And if they make a movie out of it I’ll ask they cast someone that looks like me. Denzel Washington or LL cool J.”
Tony hummed, curling closer and pulling the blankets tighter around them. “Yet you’ve a better voice than me.”
Tony winked and got up, walking out and watching Sarah go call the doctor while his mother got a chance to say hi to Steve and wish him well before joining them.
“'Twas down by Killarney's green woods that we strayed, when the moon and the stars they were shining.
Tossing the keycard aside, Tony pushed his boyfriend toward the bed, their soaked clothes tossed on the ground as they walked and kissed and ripped the offending fabric from their bodies.
Steve was behind Tony, his arms wrapped around his genius as they smiled to the camera. Then Tony tilted his head to kiss him for the picture and Steve reached up to cup his cheek lovingly.
“Nay, Deputy. My sweetheart had red hair but was not a redhead.” Tony smirked. “Talking ‘bout lower.”
“And that’s a hundred stories tower you have. This is a two stories hotel room. I could literally jump down from here without a scratch.” Steve retorted.
“Yes, husband.” He confirmed, showing the ring he was wearing on his left hand. “Last year, our vacation in Vegas.”
“And they haven’t called in a week. C’mon…if it were something bad, they would have called already.”
He turned the volume up a little now that he knew he was alone and turned around to face the window, focusing on the pages in his hands. At some point, he heard the door open and close and moments later, there were gentle hands massaging his head, rubbing at his temples, strong thumbs digging at the base of his skull. He honestly would like to know what he did to deserve Steve because he would very happily keep doing it for the rest of his life.
It was the right decision. For himself and everyone around him. But it didn’t mean it was an easy one. The fact that the doctor didn’t fight him on his choice meant he wasn’t just being pessimistic, they too thought none of the treatments would help.
“I do. Love you too.” Tony answered, wrapping his arm around Steve and resting his head on his shoulder, staying like that a couple minutes before he pulled out his phone and took a couple pictures of the sight and a couple selfies of them kissing in the sunset. The sky was now a dark orange, the light almost fading and Steve turned to Tony, stroking a hand through his hair gently.
“Well that’s silly!” they turned in shock at their son. “My daddies are superheroes, Ashley! No reason to be scared,” he sassed as they saw her face perk up a little in hope.
“Yeah, kind of,” Buck said a small smile as he brought the trash can out to dump the flour in. Steve looked over at his brother, whose smile had immediately faded to a frown as the man plopped down on the mostly-cleaned couch.
“Pretty sure old geezers just out of surgery aren’t supposed to eat donuts,” Clint said as he made his way to the foot of Tony’s bed.
“But see Joey?” Peter asked as he pushed Steve back to sit in his lap and face Joey. “He’s the best Papa. You gotta say it,” he finished with crossing his arms in challenge. She glared at the boy, both for being right and calling her out on it.
“You can do whatever you want to my head, baby,” Tony whispered seductively. He laughed when his husband proceeded to roll his eyes before reclaiming his mouth, effectively silencing the man.
“Hey Daci, Steve’s in the kitchen if you wanna go help him,” Tony offered with a smile as he began tickling Morgan. Daci returned the smile before heading to the kitchen to greet Steve.
“Well, your mom had a brother but he died before you were born. I don’t really know if she had many cousins or aunts or uncles…remember me telling you we didn’t get to know each other that long?” he asked as they both climbed out of the car. He reached his arm out to pull her close, smiling as the two walked into their house.
“There’s something else, Steve,” he said extracting himself once again from the sexy man below him. Steve’s hands moved to rub up and down his thighs for support as he waited for Tony to continue, the super soldier’s eyebrows furrowed in concern.
"Okay, so. I had a panic attack, followed by a flashback. Jarvis apparently told Pop who caught me before I unconsciously...climbed out my bedroom window. Which, apparently there are safety measures for such things. Anyway, it all happened because I haven't seen Kate in like a month. I was sick then she was out of town and then I thought I was doing better which lead to...me...not taking my meds for the last...week. But Pop made me take them today and I have to take them in front of him the next two weeks and I just...am done," she finished with a hopeful look back to her father.
“Oh, cool. Daddy told me my name means ‘rock solid.’ But I would rather it mean wolf.” She chuckled a little at him before taking another long look at the wolves.
that had the brunette opening his mouth reluctantly. Peter quickly placed it under his tongue as he turned to check on his siblings.
“Bucky, in all seriousness, can you not find a single flaw in your partner?” the doctor asked, appearing by Bucky’s other side and offering a bag of ice. The super soldier gratefully accepted it, standing up and holding the ice to his nose as he considered the question.
“Baby, why didn’t you tell me your heart was hurting? Even if you just thought it was anxiety?” he asked gently.
“Daci feel free to pick out a toy that isn’t claimed yet,” Rhodey offered the girl, warming Tony’s heart at his generous friend.
He was so damn grateful for May, who happily accepted having Joey for the night so Steve could talk one on one with his husband without any distractions. Plus Joey seemed more than excited to hang out with May and Peter, so win-win.
“Will you two hush! Buck’s up to bat again,” Steve said after another minute of the two of them arguing, trying to pretend he didn’t hear something about his best friend getting blown in the gym showers.
She stole a glance at Tony, who somehow not only was still asleep, but managed to roll himself up further into a blanket burrito. She smiled again before answering, “we survived.”
“Josephine, no more whining or Jose won’t come over at all.” Steve was glad to hear her sigh but did frown when she simply climbed on top of him.
“Do you want me to stop?” the blonde asked. Tony grumbled in response, not wanting to admit how incredibly hot this was…except this was one of Tony’s favorite outfits!
“Wilson, you go take a fucking walk and cool off,” Sam opened his mouth to protest but Fury was quick to reiterate. “Say one fucking word and I’ll suspend you without pay for the day.”
“Come on slowpoke!” the blonde called out as he raced into the lobby, Bucky a few steps behind since he thanked the driver and shut the door. Any doubts or fears were squashed as he watched his love dance around in front of the check in counter.
“What happened between him and his father?” Peter asked in a quiet voice while subconsciously shifting the boy somehow even closer in his embrace. Wade said nothing for a moment, looking between the two with a sad smile before taking a deep breath.
“Where is she?” he growled at her, trying not to be too satisfied to see her gasping for breath. When her mouth curved to ask a question, he used his metal hand to punch a hole in the wall directly next to her head. “Tell me where she is.”
Her first meeting with her new therapist was in six minutes. She tapped her foot nervously next to her Pop, sitting next to him in the waiting area of the mental health clinic. She was glad he was with her (especially after that awesome sparring lesson this morning). But right now he was talking to an elderly man and his wife – both big fans of Captain America. She kept her eyes from rolling at his Captain voice, thanking them for their patronage. He turned back to her after the couple left, smile dropping when he saw her foot tapping.
“Man, and I thought Pete was cute,” Miles muttered absently as Tony threw a smile at his current oldest.
Joey smiled and reached out to grab his arm to stop him. He turned back to her with a confused expression.
As she blinked awake, she saw what looked like a police officer walking towards her. She looked near her hands, a spilled bottle of vodka lying next to her.
“When…” Steve could feel his chest start to tighten, but smiling and chuckling nonetheless, “when did you know I was…?”
“I know Peter walked in on you guys talking in private. I know it wasn’t on purpose and I didn’t mean to make you feel bad when…you’re already
"M'not a baby," she slurred as Tony waved goodbye to Bruce and followed Steve and Emerson back to the elevator.
He snuck out early the next morning, leaving Steve a note that he’d be back later and pinky promised he’d talk to him about all of this. Currently, he was avoiding that by staying late in his office and yelling at his legal team.
"Tati, can we stay until Clint gets to leave?" Daci asked, snuggling deeper into Clint's side and making herself comfortable on the small bed.
“Mornin,” Steve returned moving to kiss the side of his cheek. He started to extract himself, his bladder demanding so, smiling when he heard Tony groan in protest. “I’ll be right back,” he assured him, kissing him on the cheek again as he moved off the bed and into the bathroom.
“So, can I buy you dinner sometime soon?” Tony asked as his car pulled up without anyone driving it.
hurting whenever he thought of his deceased brother. “So I never bothered trying. And that wasn’t fair to you, because you deserve a better dad than that.” He didn’t look at either of them when he finished, feeling a little raw inside. He felt the couch shift, looking up as Joey moved over to wrap her arms around him.
It was somehow their best round yet, where Tony discovered Steve’s little breeding kink as well as his breast milk kink. It was an amazing discovery that led to the best orgasm he’d had yet. And if Steve’s roar was anything to go by, it was the blonde’s best too.
“Tony, would it be okay if we crashed with you tonight?” he asked, both smiling when they heard the teen sigh with relief.
She let out a giggle of her own when he started to kiss her face, full on laughing when his scruffy beard tickled her cheeks.
“Director!” an agent called from the other side of the hall, leading Fury away while Bucky stood there, mouth gaping.
“I’m sorry Mr. Rogers. I’m Emerson, I go to school with Peter. He told me about you, it’s nice to finally meet the Captain America,” she said, shaking his outstretched hand.
Shit, Emerson thought to herself. She had really been hoping that would drop and not be picked back up.
“Peter!” his Dad said when they realized his presence. His uncle turned to smile at him, the teen frozen in place.
And suddenly Jo felt the air leave her lungs. The energy in the room shifted as she heard Steve answer for her.
It was his tattoo for Joey, which he let her pick out after the wedding/adoption ceremony. It was a tiger lily with a ‘J’ on one of the petals.
?" Peter asked, maintaining eye contact with his Dad but smiled when he heard his siblings laugh. His father quickly conceded and grabbed the cup before immediately chugging the medicine. The man grimaced before over-exaggeratedly groaning and throwing his hands up dramatically.
