Steve looked at him steadily, not giving him the satisfaction of showing emotion.
Tony pulled Steve to him and Steve went willingly as Tony closed the distance between them. His lips closed around Steve’s own and his hands winded around his neck, his fingers going through soft, blond hair. Steve’s own hands came to rest on his waist but the pressure was almost nonexistent, as was Steve’s weight on Tony. Tony wanted to sigh in annoyance but he knew Steve needed to be careful with him, for his own benefit as much as Tony’s. He would probably never forgive himself if he hurt Tony, intentionally or otherwise.
' which would make Tony even more pissed off. Steve must have read it in his face because he just squeezed his shoulder in warning and left Tony hiding behind the conference table while he went out there to fight.
It was a stealth mission. The Avengers needed delicate intel so Fury sent his two best stealth agents, Romanoff and Barton, to gather the info. But because they were a team now and
“You’re staring,” Tony said.
Bruce stayed in the van to oversee the coms, while the rest of them got out and with a quick nod spread out. They designed the entrance plans by looking at the grainy images of the satellite maps. Steve would take the back entrance, Clint the first floor window and Natasha the side entrance. Sam and Thor stayed outside, as a backup.
. Oh, you made me so angry. I didn’t even know why.”
No such luck.
He glanced around, like he was only mildly curious. He had one hand in his pocket and the other was holding a big, silver briefcase. He looked like he had just walked out of a very satisfying meeting.
Tony shook his head. “I’m not worried about them. We got along fine when I was Iron Man, I’m sure we’ll get along fine when I’m Tony too.”
Because at the end of the day, what Bucky did that faithful day, years prior, was the right choice to make. And so was yours.
Even when something finally started happening, Tony wasn't really aware of it.
He looked up at Steve who was sitting on the bed (and one glance around the room confirmed it was Steve's SHIELD room), his arms still around Tony but loose now, as if giving Tony the chance to pull away. Tony didn't.
He has been less nervous going into missions. He didn’t know what it was. He only met the man twice, he should not be feeling this way. He should be running for the hills, not wanting more.
“Just be lucky we did,” Natasha said.
So Tony stayed in the suit. Grudgingly.
Steve laughed. “Thank you Natasha. I don't know what I would do without you.”
Steve stared at them for a long time. He always found the armor to be a beautiful work of art, even when the man inside it drove him mad.
“We’re going to give our best, Tony,” he said in the end. It was the absolute truth.
It was a strange dream, as dreams so often tended to be. In one moment he was standing on a rooftop, ready to jump. He knew - the way you knew these things in dreams - that he would not meet the pavement if he let go. Instead a pair of strong, metallic, red arms would wrap around his waist and hold him aloft. They would keep him safe.
’) threw a car (a freaking car) at a spot where at least a dozen civilians were huddled together and Tony had only a couple of seconds to lift the car before it killed everyone below (and he did it, because he was Tony Stark,
His relationship with Pepper? That crashed and burned faster than the Titanic. Sure it was nobody's fault. Tony blamed karma. You had to blame something.
“Tony! Please!” there was something in Steve's voice Tony couldn't decipher and wasn't sure he wanted to.
She smiled. It was a rare thing, Natasha’s smile. He wondered what he did to deserve it. “You seem distracted, Steve. What’s going on in that head of yours?” she asked it playfully, giving him an opportunity to do the same if he so wished, but he could hear concern behind those words and didn’t want to dismiss it.
Whiskey felt bitter on his tongue and not for the first time Steve regretted his inability to get drunk.
When she noticed Steve all but dragging him back to the side of the building their rooms were in, she gave him another smile, this one more sympathetic, as if she knew the chewing out Tony will be submitted to. He shrugged in her direction in a what-can-you-do manner (as if overbearing super-soldiers were a regular appearance in his life... which, okay, maybe it was). Steve himself refused to get checked out and unlike Natasha, he could get away with it given that he was a super-soldier and was perfectly fine (which Tony of course had to translate to the nice but annoyingly hovering Japanese doctors).
“Perhaps,” she smiled. It was deadly. “But when has that ever stopped you?”
“Okay,” Steve said as Tony settled down again. “Whatever you want, Tony.”
Steve couldn’t help himself, he had to lean down and kiss Tony. They didn’t really do PDA, mostly because of the paparazzi, but they were pretty secluded in their space between Tony’s car and the bushes behind. It was worth it for the way Tony melted into the kiss. They kept it pretty chaste, with a promise for more. And suddenly, Steve couldn’t wait for them to get to his apartment.
The agents (or whatever they really were, but Tony was fond of thinking of them as Japanese SHIELD) were dragging the terrorist away and soon paramedics were there and then Tony was led from the room, Steve at his heels, to the lobby where they checked his injury. They gave him a couple of stitches and some painkillers and then he was good to go.
It was on the SHIELD helicarrier that Tony finally started to breathe normally.
Tony looked at him, intrigued, but said nothing.
“JARVIS?”
“Innocent? Steve, darling, I know how you feel about him, but this is some strong evidence against him. You know this breaks my heart. I was so happy you finally found someone, but…”
“I think about it too,” Steve said in the end, unable to stand the silence.
“Tony! Are you alright?” that's weird. Steve never used their names in a fight even though everyone already knew their identities. Something about professionalism? There was also something distinctly
He created Iron Man? Stane, government, Hammer, Vanko... And that's without mentioning how it all started. The cave. Ten Rings. Yinsen.
“Is he gone then?” asked Natasha, looking around for any signs of Doom but when she couldn't find any she turned to Tony. “Seems a bit unlikely he would just leave like that. Especially when he had you cornered like that,”
. Still, he said, “Tony,” waiting to see what’ll happen.
Thor wasn't among them however. After the latest fight with Loki, the Thunderer had to go back to Asgard to deal with his brother and the Allfather. Tony felt bad for a moment, knowing Thor would have enjoyed electrocuting doombots and would definitely give them an edge.
At that, Tony looked annoyed. “Can't you see I'm busy? Couldn't this wait?”
“Really?” he asked. “Don’t you think it’s too dangerous?”
“I know what you’re thinking,” Steve said firmly. “But Tony didn’t do this.”
Iron Man and Steve started protesting at the same time. Natasha laughed.
How, and why, would Loki want to bring statues to life was a mystery to Tony but this wasn't the time to dwell on the reasonings of a psychotic Norse alien. So Tony, hidden from said crazy god's view did the only reasonable thing (that wouldn't get him killed at least) and called Thor.
But Tony nodded, determined. “I do. There’s just… There’s so much crap happening in my life lately. It feels like it will never end. Like I can’t catch a break.”
By the time the armor rebooted the fight was over.
“It's not that simple,” Steve said, looking (or, well, glaring might be more accurate) at how some guy was clinging to Tony as if he wanted to jump him then and there. And it wasn’t like Tony was doing anything to dissuade him, if the way he rested his hand around the guy's waist was any indication. Said guy was even whispering something in Tony's ear and Tony was laughing and it made Steve hurt all over. It was only his perfect control that was keeping him from rushing over and punching the guy in the face. That would probably end badly for everyone involved. He could already see the headline 'Captain America punching innocent civilian because of jealousy'.
But it didn’t matter. He’ll try to keep it peaceful tonight (and if he said that every time and still haven’t managed to uphold it, well… there’s a first time for everything).
“Right,” Steve said. It didn’t really explain how the elevator knew to start moving but he wasn’t going to risk asking another, potentially embarrassing, question.
“Don’t worry,” the guy said. “You’ll see him soon enough. We’ll make it a reunion, I’m sure he’ll be happy to see you.”
Tony didn't answer, didn't even open his eyes as he listened to Steve's soft footsteps leaving the room, closing the door.
"You found out it was him," Steve said, quietly.
She sat back in her chair, gesturing at him to take a seat opposite her. It always felt a bit like being in the principal’s office, but he liked the way the authority suited her.
Tony turned back. “Because I can only do it once.”
Steve nodded. He stood there for a second, his body tense, his face was a blank expression. It was easy in that moment to keep a cold face. He wondered if it was this easy for Tony.
“Why this painting, though?” he asked, curious. “Big fan of Iron Man?”
Tony shrugged. He didn’t seem at all concern about the fact that they were tied up, unable to escape.
“You're the Captain, you know best,” Tony said. He wanted to make it light, make it a joke but instead it sounded resigned.
Inside was warm. Steve hadn't even noticed the wind outside getting colder, the night getting rid of the last traces of the lingering sunny day. Tony stepped out of the armor. It closed behind him, an inanimate red, colder without its occupant. Instead Tony was there, warm and alive, so alive. They needed to talk but instead they kissed, slow and fast and gentle and messy. Steve's knees hit the couch and he sat down, dragging Tony with him. He was in heaven, Tony in his lap, his kisses a searing heat down his throat.
“Why not?” Clint whined.
’) he was unceremoniously shoved aside by Steve demanding to ‘
“I wanted to go back inside, get him out. I would have. But there was an explosion. It knocked me out and by the time I woke up it was too late,” Steve closed his eyes. “That’s when I got out. I couldn’t do it without him. I spend the next couple of months searching for him with the help of my friends.”
Tony cleared his throat, “Anyway, that’s all super classified, so if you could keep it to yourself, that would be great.”
). It was different holding the gun and aiming it at someone, shooting without knowing 100% that you're not going to hit something critical and life-threatening (and Tony really didn’t want to have any more red in his ledger, considering how many people had already died from his weapons before he shut down the weapons department at SI).
“Maybe if Cap had actually let me fight, I would've been able to help,” replayed Tony. He knew he sounded bitter and any other time it would have made him wince that it was directed at Steve but he couldn't help himself.
“I know. Contact him when we get to the base,” Steve said. He hated the knowing look she gave him, the fact that everyone knew about the animosity between them.
“Well, as long as he’s alright,” Steve said on a sigh.
But Steve was right, he knew he was. Tony would never sell weapons to a terrorist. He was planning to shut the weapons manufacturing division down. It didn’t make sense.
“Like that, but maybe stop after
It was a feeling Steve though he could get used to.
“What he always does,” said Steve, a little more bitterly than he should have, perhaps. “He wouldn’t have waited for an explanation, that’s for sure. He’d probably destroy Stark Industries because he’d think you’re dealing under the table.”
“What? I'm not going to just stand here and watch Loki destroy New York City property,” Tony said indignantly.
. It made sense that Steve would be there. For Tony. Even if Tony couldn't even begin to fathom the reasons as to why.
Sparks. Buzzing. 8 seconds.
“Okay,” Tony said, giving him one last kiss. “Come on.”
Steve couldn’t see Clint but he assumed the archer had found some high ground from where he could better see the flow of the crowd.
Steve groaned. “Do you have a death wish?” he asked, because they didn’t even discuss his teammate’s identities with each other, let alone in front of said team.
“So we’re back at square one?” asked Clint. He sounded resigned and Steve could sympathize. They’ve been going after Hammer for far too long.
“We thought about it,” Tony said. “Actually, I was supposed to just give a press conference and then set everything in motion. But… Some things happened. Stane died,” he said that quietly, staring darkly into his plate.
"Well, I wasn't the one stupid enough to get myself captured without a plan."
“Come on, Steve, I can’t talk all night, say something.”
He turned to look at Tony, who went up to the bar, preparing them drinks. “What do you want to drink?” he asked. “Whiskey? Champagne?”
Stark seemed unsurprised to be stopped, though his expression didn’t give anything away but mild interest. “Yes?” he asked, his voice confident yet surprisingly soft.
“Oh, I’m distracting you now, am I?” Iron Man sounded, if possible, even more amused.
After some grumbling, mostly from Clint, she was the last one to leave the room, turning only to give Steve a wink before closing the door after her.
He thought about just going back to the compound to see if there were any news, but he knew they would call him back if anything important happened, and he kind of wanted to enjoy the day for a little while longer.
He was walking down the hallway, about to gather his team, when his phone started pinging. Steve fished it out and on it was a big, red warning sign saying ‘Iron Man In The House’.
It never came. Instead, the familiar sound came from behind Steve, the one he usually heard from above during the fights.
Steve cleared his throat. “Well, I wrote those reports, so I know what they say.”
“That’s a good idea,” said Steve. “I didn’t think of that.”
Tony knew it would hurt like hell, after everything was said and done, but he did it anyway, unable to deny Steve anything, accepting the one night he would get with him as a gift and a penance.
Later, when they were on the way back to SHIELD HQ she said, “You know, maybe it
“She looks like you,” he said finally, looking down at Morgan. It was the smile, yes, but it was also so much more. The brilliance, the energy. Big, bright eyes. Steve had no doubt she was going to change the world one day, just like her father.
“Well I’d love to see some of your bigger pieces then,” Stark said without missing a beat. “So, I’ve got to ask. What brings
Steve felt a bit like an outsider among these people, but he didn’t let that bother him. Nobody paid him any attention anyway, so after buying his coffee, he sat outside on the terrace and decided to draw. It was very rare these days that he found the time for it, and it was one of the only things that made him feel like Steve Rogers and not the Captain.
“Vulnerable,” Tony said. Not caring if Steve heard the bitterness in his voice.
They waited in the hangar, where they usually met with Iron Man. They didn’t have a lot of outside guests, but the ones they did have knew that they had to keep the location of it a secret. It’s the reason his team was skeptical about inviting Tony here, but Steve knew that Tony would keep it a secret as well.
He saw Natasha standing at the end of the hallway, being checked on as well (as were everyone else affected by the gas even when it was established the effects would wear of slowly) and Tony knew she hated it, would always nurse her injuries by herself (or in some rare cases, have Bruce do it) but he also knew she couldn't just run away, here in this foreign country, with people who would probably take it the wrong way. Still, she seemed fine, and even gave him a slight smile which was highly unusual for her but he realized that she was probably worried for him as well. Scared that he was going to die. It was nice to know she cared.
Steve gave him an unimpressed stare. “Should I rephrase the question?”
Steve choked on his drink. “You move fast, don’t you?” he said with a laugh, leaving his half-full glass on the table, next to Tony’s.
“Why?” Tony asked, but followed Steve when he stood up. “Did you draw me naked?”
The night before the heist, Steve couldn't sleep.
“Tony!” Steve was knocking again, and if the glass was not reinforced, Tony would worry about him breaking it. “Come on, this is childish and you know it. Just… open the door so we could talk.”
Tony didn’t blush but Steve could tell it was a close thing. “Yeah, well. We can do that after. I do really think we should talk some more.”
And, as they kissed, in the bright light of the lab, Tony thought, ‘Maybe this is what happiness feels like.’
“It doesn't matter,” Tony said sharply and Steve turned back to look at him. “It doesn't matter if you make it on time or not because I'm still going to do the right thing and you know it.”
In any case, Tony believed him, so Steve was free for the night to focus on being the Captain. It was weird, being in that role again. Technically, he was the Captain almost every day at the base, but it was a different feeling all together when it came to the outside missions. Especially one as dangerous as this one. Steve couldn’t help but enjoy the feeling. He loved being the Captain. And though he loved spending time with Tony as well, he didn’t know if he would have been able to give it up for him. He hoped he would never have to choose.
"Why?"
Still, the Avengers had everything under control. Cap was even shouting orders less frequently than usual, given that the fight was going so smoothly.
as well. He made a small arts place and spend most of his time there drawing or finger painting or making collages with other kids. It was adorable how determined they were. A lot of them after finishing their art went to Tony to show him what they did. He looked at all the pieces like they were the most beautiful masterpieces he had ever seen, and told them they better all became artists so that he could buy all their drawings himself one day.
“Steve,” Tony said, when there was a lull in the conversation. “You said you like the view, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” Steve lied. He felt bad about it as soon as her knowing smirk made an appearance. He really should know better than to lie to her.
Before Steve could respond, Clint exclaimed, “Oh, Steve is sleeping with him.”
Steve hoped the admission would get a reaction out of Tony, but he was still staring at him, not moving, not saying anything.
“Yeah, well... I know that must have been hard for you. So... thanks. I guess,” Tony rarely saw Steve be so awkward and unsure. It was a weird sight, especially when he was still in his Captain America uniform.
“I have a story myself,” Tony murmured into Steve’s neck, then raised his head to look him in the eyes. “But I think it’s for some other time.”
“What happened to him?” Tony asked.
It made Steve's throat close up and his heart skip a beat but he managed to say. “Can I talk to you for a second,” then looked at the other guy meaningfully, “alone?”
“Yeah, I can kinda see that,” Tony joked.
“Pizza sounds great.”
A few days later, Steve was at his apartment, on his old laptop, staring at his art website, completely in shock. Most of the art works he had up were sold, and whoever bought them paid much more than the original price was.
“I see the most amazing person I have ever met. Kind, generous, brilliant. Someone who would sacrifice himself for others, for a better future. You think those other people, that guy you were just with, see you for who you really are? They only see your money, Tony, and your looks. But you are so much more than that. You're everything. Everything, Tony, that's good in this world.”
Wright turned an irritated gaze on Steve but it was gone by the time he looked back at Stark. “Of course, no problem. I will be at the bar, waiting.”
“More than ever,” Steve said, without hesitation. “And I know it’s not going to be easy. And we’re both going to fall into old habits. And it’s going to take some time to understand each other completely. But I’ve never wanted to try something more in my life. Tony, these last few months have been the happiest I’ve ever been. And I like to think I made you happy as well. And I want to continue doing that, for as long as you want me.”
“Bruce?”
Tony chuckled.
“What if we don’t get him back? What if we fail? I can’t go through that again.”
He was never letting go of him again. He lost him once, and he wasn’t going to do it again. He was happy for Tony and Pepper. Just being back in Tony’s life, being his friend, was the most important thing in Steve’s life, and nothing could ever change that.
But Steve had already seen him at his worst. So maybe he could tell Steve. Just Steve. He trusted Steve. But... “Maybe later? I'm tired now.” It's funny how much a panic attack can exhaust you.
Steve sensed there was more to it. “As far as I know, the public interest in you has always been very high.”
Steve laughed in disbelief. He wasn’t even that surprised that Tony somehow managed to get his number, since this seemed to be his life now.
worth it,” he said, looking Tony in the eyes with as much sincerity as he could muster. “You're worth everything.” He didn't wait for Tony to deny it again, just kissed him, pouring every feeling into that one kiss, hoping Tony would understand.
“You could,” she said, knowingly, “but you’re not.”
The inside of the base was silent and barely lit. It seemed it was out of commission for the time being. Still, the guards were guarding something.
Steve opened his mouth to answer (though what he would have told them, he had no idea) but Clint intercepted him, “He was flirting with Stark.”
Steve blinked, looking away. He didn’t even notice he turned his head to look at Tony instead of the TV.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know. But if it’s any consolation, I feel the same.”
Tony forced himself to feel relief when disappointment overwhelmed him. Of course Steve won’t spend his precious time trying to get Tony to talk to him, no matter how stubborn he was.
Steve felt uneasy looking at that guy. Something about him seemed unhinged.
Tony looked back at the monitors. “Steve, I need you to buy me a few more minutes.”
And then, there was the other problem. They will tell Tony about him. They’ll probably do it right here, in front of him. And Steve will have to watch, unable to do anything to stop it. It was one thing when Steve had to imagine Tony finding out on the TV in his Tower. That would have been bad enough. But this was worse. Much worse.
Steve almost stopped breathing. It seemed impossible, him in the lobby of Stark Tower. Looking at a picture he painted, right there on the display, for all to see.
“I'm not talking about you taking the bomb Tony,” Steve said and Tony's eyes widened as he realized what Steve was implying.
It was Tony.
Yeah, it was too soon for that but maybe. Someday.
Tony breathed deeply. Since the gas was disappearing he let go of Steve’s jacket and took the gun in both hands. He fired a couple of more shots, all well below the waist because the risk of hitting something critical in the legs was almost non-existent.
The movie was nearing its end, when Tony feel asleep. He liked to comment on the movie, little sarcastic comments or pointing out the inaccuracies. But he was silent then, and Steve closed his eyes as well, unwilling to move.
Tony exhaled then hugged Steve. His hands were clutching at Steve’s shirt, his face buried in the crook of Steve’s neck.
“Yeah,” Steve said, because it was the truth. They did mess up. They messed up so badly they lost seven years. They lost so much.
Steve knew that this thing between them would only get more serious after today. There was no going back. He didn’t want to go back. Tony made him feel alive in a way he hadn’t felt in so long. And, yes, things would only get more complicated, and Steve’s identity was bound to catch up to him and who knows how Tony would react. But Steve would try. He would take Peggy’s advice. For once, he thought it was worth the risk.
Steve hesitated before going inside. But the elevator took him right to Tony’s penthouse. When he stepped into the room, it was quiet. He was just about to call to Tony, when the man himself came from the other side, beaming.
“And I wouldn't be?” he asked, his own insecurities making an appearance.
“Not if I'm in the suit, he can't.”
Steve didn’t like the term.
The realization was what finally got Steve to move, stepping over the face tattoo guy, and following Tony out of the room.
"Okay, then," he said, and started walking again. He didn't look at Tony as he passed by.
Steve sighed and tuned her out. He wrote most of those reports anyway.
Steve told him. Tony didn’t seem surprised about the SHIELD mole. He didn’t seem surprised that Steve let himself get captured so that his team could get away.
Steve looked at the monitors. They showed various maps, with all the Mandarin’s bases. Steve came closer to look at them.  He turned to Tony.
“I didn’t think you’d turn down a cause for celebration,” Bruce teased. Clint stuck his tongue out at him. “Very mature,” Bruce rolled his eyes.
Steve didn’t ask what he was talking about. He didn’t have to. But he didn’t have an answer. “I don’t know.”
Steve slowed his breathing. This was fine. This was more than fine.
“Relax Steve, no one knows you’re the Captain. And Widow sent this to Iron Man, because that’s who I said was captured with you at the base.”
Still, he raised his fists in a familiar position and let his mind clear. There was nothing that could sharpen his focus quite like a good fight could.
When he walked into the big conference room, Natasha and Clint were already there, discussing something in low tones.
, Steve thought as he cleared his throat and stepped in front of Tony Stark’s path.
She put a hand on his arm. "You think too much, Rogers."
Tony picked up a glass from the table, taking a sip. Steve could smell bourbon.
“Clint and Natasha both have extensive training Tony. They are more attuned to their surroundings then any of us and nobody could sneak up on them easily. Also, I'm pretty sure Natasha would kick your ass for insinuating something like that could bring her down,” there was a small smile at that but Steve quickly sobered up. “You're different, Tony. You're...”
But for today he could forget all about Iron Man. Natasha would contact him and they would arrange a meeting, but for now Steve could relax and silently celebrate today’s successful work.
He didn’t want to believe that they had Tony.
“I am, yes,” Steve said. Steve Rogers was officially just a small-time artist living in Brooklyn. He wasn’t well known but the pieces he managed to sell were enough to keep him afloat. It was a cover he was happy with, since he didn’t like to lie too much to people (his night job made him do that enough as it was) so setting up a real, small business and selling some of his paintings wasn’t really a hardship in the end. It wasn’t even that hard keeping up with it since he wasn’t that well-known.
“Yeah, it's me, just keep focusing on me.” Steve said. Tony frowned. Was he really so out of it that it even had Steve worried? He thought he was keeping it together.
“And you believe me. Just like that?”
Steve looked up surprised. He was always aware of his surroundings, and he knew people were walking around him in the café, but how he managed to miss Tony Stark looking over his shoulder at his drawing, he wasn’t quite sure.
“You don’t seem that surprised.”
He found an empty room and broke a window to activate the alarm. It was only a few seconds later that the first guards came inside.
“I can’t believe you woke up before me,” Tony said, more awake now, as Steve poured himself a new mug.
Steve nodded. “Yes. He managed to get out eventually. But he was never the same again. He’s still out there, now, fighting against the guys who did that to him. But now at least I get a phone call every now and then,” Steve tried to smile. It didn’t quite work.
“Sorry,” Steve was surprised to hear Tony say. “We had a lot to discuss.”
Lost in his thoughts, hours passed without Tony noticing. He kept replaying last night in his head, every sound Steve made, every promise he said.
Tony startled, looking up at Steve. He paused the video.
“Do you have proof?” Steve asked. “That it was Stane who sold the weapons and not you?”
More boxes. An entire back half of the room was also covered with them. Steve couldn’t look away from the black letters imprinted on them.
Steve sat down. "I'm too wired to sleep."
“And did it ever occur to you that I was doing that to protect your identities? So that you would have the time to put on a cowl or a mask before I just barged in?”
The blur became more than a speck of red. Its movements in the sky were elegant, arresting. The Iron Man armor somehow seemed to be dust free despite being in battle not more than half a day ago. The red was striking, the brightest color Steve had seen since the battle, all around him grey, grey. He was missing the red, he realized. This red. He was looking for it everywhere.
They pulled away way too soon, but before Tony could complain, Steve pressed another light kiss to his lips before saying, “You should get some more sleep, Tony.”
"Can't sleep?" he asked her.
“What’s the problem, then?” she asked. He liked that about her, always cutting right to the chase.
Tony opened his mouth to say something but Steve didn't want to listen to more excuses, didn't want to listen to Tony telling himself he's not worth it, worth
Steve preferred it that way. He didn’t like to talk about it, didn’t like to think about it. His team only knew because it was the reason they all started the organization in the first place. And Peggy only knew because Steve got drunk one day and couldn’t keep it in.
As he was making plans, trying to figure out the best way to get Tony to talk to the Captain, they arrived at Tony’s car. Steve didn’t even notice Tony was leading him there.
“Crap,” he murmured then removed the casing so he could look inside. “Oh my god,” Tony couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was impossible. “Guys... if this thing blows... it will wipe out more than half the city. And I'm not just talking Manhattan,” he turned toward his teammates, “I'm talking about entire New York.”
“You know, I could really go for some pizza,” Tony said when he came back. “Or do you want something else?”
“He had some project he had to work on, that’s why Janet took me in the first place,” Steve said. He hoped he wasn’t too off the mark.
He smiled at Tony and took his hand. “You’ll see.”
All throughout the day, he could not stop noticing the lack of colors. The Quinjet was grey. SHIELD headquarters were grey. Grey, grey, grey.
She stopped abruptly. He wished to continue walking, feeling more exposed standing like that, in the middle of the street. But she didn’t look like she was going to start moving any time soon. She was staring at him like he lost his head.
"Steve?" Tony asked, a question in his eyes. Steve had been quiet for too long.
"Maybe... Goddammit... Maybe you could trust me for once."
Tony started to release the armor but Steve, as if sensing what Tony was about to do, turned around. “Leave the armor on.”
And if the conversation with Tony Stark was at the forefront of his mind, well, nobody had to know.
“She has your smile,” Steve found himself saying.
“So, does that mean you guys are okay?” Natasha asked. Everyone seemed to realize at once that Tony Stark being Iron Man would only complicate their relationship considering Steve’s previous feelings toward their armored ally.
now?” she asked.
When Steve woke up, he felt sore and tired. His shoulder and his knee throbbed with pain but it wasn’t unbearable.
But it was a nice thought, that not every rich businessman was a horrible person, only caring about money and their own influence.
Steve hesitated. Then took a deep breath and started speaking. “I think we should invite Tony here.” Before anyone could start protesting, he added, “Natasha’s right, he is our only lead right now. And he’s the only one who could give us the information we need.”
“Mr. Stark,” he said, unable to keep the surprise out of his voice. He didn’t really expect to see the man again, especially so soon and so randomly. It was more than a little surprising.
“I think so,” Steve smiled. “You know, I never got it. I never understood why you got under my skin so much as Iron Man. I think nobody could understand it. I was always so collected, so detached. A picture of professionalism.”
“I'm not moping,” he said but signed when she just raised an eyebrow at him. “Fine. But what do you want me to do about it?”
Steve ignored their stares and asked, “What did you find out?”
Steve was not feeling the excitement. The last time he worked with Iron Man everything almost blew up in their faces because they were distracted with fighting each other instead of the enemy.
“I guess it makes sense,” Bruce said thoughtfully. “There are not a lot of people who could invent something like the Iron Man armor. Stark’s area of expertise fit it perfectly.”
“What?” he asked, still stuck in the memory.
“I’ll tell you one day,” Tony said after a while. “I’ll tell you everything.”
“We are not telling Iron Man,” Steve said. He knew it would be the smart thing to do. And Clint was right, if anyone could breach Tony’s security, it would be Iron Man. But Iron Man was also a loose cannon. If Steve told him to leave Tony alone until they had more information, he wasn’t sure that Iron Man would listen. And if Iron Man decided that Tony was guilty here, who knows what he would do to him. Steve couldn’t let that happen. “Besides, I have a different idea.”
All the confusion, all the frustration, it all just melted away with that one kiss.
“Fine,” Tony muttered, hanging up. He instructed JARVIS to deploy the suit and fly it next to the Avengers' quinjet (even if the suit could actually be there much, much sooner).
, Fury had said and Tony had rolled his eyes).
Steve clenched his jaw. He knew what Iron Man was doing. Trying to rile him up, mock him, patronize him. He wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.
“Yes,” Steve said, still suspicious. It was one of the things that annoyed him the most, the casual showcase of Iron Man’s ability to hack their private servers. It always seemed like a breach of trust.
He didn’t want to admit it at the time, but seeing Tony as the Captain left him more unsettled than he thought it would. Sure, he knew it was not going to be easy, being in front of Tony. But actually experiencing it? Having Tony look at him with cold eyes and borderline distaste? It made Steve sick thinking about it.
They were undoubtedly the same person. But how could Steve feel so differently about them?
“I mean, I won’t make you sign an NDA, even though Pepper would probably suggest it, but I trust you here, so I don’t think it’s necessary.”
“Steve,” Tony turned to face him and brought his hands to Steve’s shoulders. “I deleted all the footage, and not even SHIELD will manage to salvage it. Trust me on this, okay, technological genius here, remember?” Tony smiled. “And your friend, Mrs. Carter has taken care of any witnesses that would talk, okay? We’re safe. I promise.”
Tony swallowed. “Not nuclear. Not exactly. But very damn close,” he turned back to look at the bomb. 3 minutes. “Must be Doom's own technology.”
Thor soon took over Cap to try and reason with his brother once again (and the whole team learned better than to try to tell him it was pointless) while the others (minus Bruce, because the situation didn't seem to be critical enough for the Hulk) dealt with the living statues.
“The control room.”
“Yeah, we might have forgotten to look at the time,” Steve added with a sheepish smile.
“With all due respect, Captain,” said Iron Man, “but that won’t be necessary.”
Instead,
“Like what?” Steve asked, narrowing his eyes.
was what the message said, and Steve smiled.
Tony knew he had a silly grin on his face, but Steve was so adorable, he couldn’t help it. “Good morning,” Tony said lightly, then frowned at the way his voice sounded, raspy and unused.
“Yes, Steve, I am,” Tony insisted.
Still, even if that weren’t the case, his team would have known. Natasha said to him more than once that he was transparent and a bad liar, at least when it came to lying to them.
But the stupid robots kept coming and coming, as if Hydra mass-produced them and was trying to get rid of them by having the Avengers destroy them. Tony was not pleased. He had schematics for new SI tech to look over for Pepper. Also, a few designs for non-lethal weapons he wanted to try out for his suit.
Same strategy.
“Yes. But why would I need to give them the proof?” Tony asked, wary.
“So what now?” Tony asked after a couple of minutes of silence.
Steve's chest tightened. "So what are you saying? You were just pretending that whole time to be an asshole?"
By the time he manually opened the armor and stepped out of it, Doom was gone and Tony wondered for a brief moment why he didn't just kill him (it's not like villains have morality code or anything, at least the ones like Doom). Then he saw his team coming toward him, all in their righteous post battle glory and maybe Doom decided it wasn't worth it?
It was… huge. Modern. Everything you’d imagine when thinking about the place someone like Tony Stark might live, and more. Yet it wasn’t cold or unwelcoming. It seemed lived in, in a way that places that looked like this rarely were.
Steve clenched his fists in annoyance. Despite not wearing the suit, it was getting harder not to see Iron Man in everything Tony did.
“I was not flirting,” Steve immediately protested. “We were just talking.”
“It’s not just that,” Steve promised Tony he wasn’t going to tell anyone about the division shut down. And besides, they would just think it was his word against the pile of evidence. “Please, you have to believe me.”
Tony’s hand trailed down Steve’s arm, sending shivers up Steve’s spine. “I don’t know. It would have to be something catchy.”
Steve was confused for a second. But then he realized. The kid.
“Perhaps,” Tony admitted. “But I am the best.” Tony had, after all, been making business deals since he came of age and took over SI. Even before, Howard had dragged him all the time to all kinds of meetings in the hopes of preparing him for taking over the company. But Fury already knew that. That's why he choose him for this assignment. “You know I'm the one most likely to get you that deal.”
Instead of answering, Natasha demanded, “What took you so long?”
Steve continued working on the Quinjet. He was hoping that if he appeared busy, Iron Man would leave without talking to him again.
“I'm in Central Park. He, um... he seemed to have brought some of the statues to life and is now scaring the civilians,” Tony tried to explain but it was a really bizarre sight that you just had to see for yourself to believe.
Tony just looked at him for a second. “Steve. I’m not angry at you for not telling me who you are.”
“Excuse me, sir?” the voice said, and Steve flinched so hard he would have fallen down if Tony’s legs didn’t keep him in place. He looked around, but there was no one there, and the doors to the workshop remained closed.
The van pulled up to a stop. The plan was simple. Go in unnoticed. Scout the area. Get out with the data. If seen, get out. If captured, call for help.
Tony inhaled sharply. He looked away from Steve, and laughed, quiet and disbelieving. “And is that a good thing?”
“We’re going to get him back. Tony,” he said and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder to get his attention. Tony snapped his head to look at him. “We’re going to get everyone back.”
,” he said against Steve's lips.
Steve couldn’t stop looking around.
So with determination he just slightly had to force, Tony pulled away from Steve's embrace and turned his undivided attention to the bomb.
“We should probably call Iron Man,” Clint was saying.
"At least tell me what brought this on," Tony insisted.
. “He must have done something in the building. Why was he inside?”
Tony still might've tried to argue but judging by the tense lines of Steve's back as he fought, he didn't think it would've ended well for him.
“I know,” Steve said, keeping his voice in check. He could fall apart later. He had to show Tony now that it was okay. That Steve understood.
He was Tony.
And then they came.
Steve was shaking his head now, almost violently. “That’s impossible. Tony’s security…”
“It is a bit unusual,” agreed Thor.
The elevator they went in had no buttons, but it started moving as soon as Steve and Tony came inside. Steve didn’t think an elevator could look sleek and modern, yet somehow this one managed.
He lost count of how many men showed up in the end. His focus was shifting from one guy to the next, until one of them managed to get behind him.
“Besides, who said
Steve nodded but he was distracted, distant. Something was bothering him. He couldn't stop looking around, looking for a splash of color. A spattering of red on the floor was blood but it was covered with dust as everything else. That was not what he was looking for.
But Steve was not paying attention to Clint’s excited chatter. He was still staring at Natasha and her worried expression. She was never worried, unless someone on the team was injured.
Then Tony moved, suddenly and unexpectedly, but he seemed to forget the glass he was still holding in his hands because it slipped from his fingers before he could catch it.
. “Should I remind you how many people would have died, including
And while she has been a great help to them, there was one important piece of information that made it very dangerous saying that name to Tony Stark. And it was that Janet Van Dyne didn’t know their secret identities. She didn’t know who the Captain was. So saying her name as Steve Rogers was not a smart idea. He could only hope that Tony didn’t know her well enough.
“Don’t worry,” Steve said. “We have a person on the inside. You can trust her.” Steve pulled a card with Peggy’s information out of his pocket and put it in front of Tony.
Tony smiled at Bruce. “Oh, you have no idea how much I had to censor myself not to say something too out of left field for Iron Man. You have to let me join you in the lab.”
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked against his lips.
Before he got a chance to reply, a voice interrupted them. “Why are you two bickering again?” Natasha asked, walking into the room.
She nodded, “How about we go get a cup of coffee. I’ve been needing a break, anyway.”
They were quiet for a few moment. Steve still didn't know what to say, so he just murmured, "I'm sorry."
“Steve, it’s you. I’d be surprised if it weren’t.”
“Okay,” Tony said slowly, with a frown. He seemed to realize this was more serious than he originally thought and didn’t seem to know how to deal with that. “Well… You can tell me whenever you want. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Because…” Steve started. This part was tricky. “Because we have no reason to suspect you. And you came here willingly which makes us believe you have nothing to hide. We’re willing to listen to your explanation if you have one.”
“Don’t worry,” the guy said. “He’s not here because of you. This was just a happy coincidence.”
"Your boyfriend seems busy."
Tony narrowed his eyes but said nothing else. Steve took the glass of wine and reminded himself not to down it in one go.
...). “I'm not going anywhere. I'm not leaving you.
“Tony Stark?” Sam exclaimed. He looked at Natasha and Clint’s amused expressions. “Wait, did you guys find dirt on him?” he sounded bewildered and a little bit excited. If Tony Stark was really found dealing under the table, it would be a big deal, not just for them as an organization, but the corporate businesses as well. Stark Industries was too big not to have an effect on everyone if it ever went down.
“Yeah, um... I think Loki and Thor had another one of their fights.”
"Then I met you," Tony repeated, like the sentence didn't reverberate in Steve's head already like an echo. "And at first I just thought you were really hot," Tony said, and Steve fought a blush. "But you were also so different, and earnest and innocent. You stood out. You made me want to know you. I looked at you, and that voice in my head that told me I shouldn’t trust anybody went quiet."
It was overwhelming, being here, in this moment. Steve felt every motion of Tony’s body, and even after closing his eyes he was hyperaware of every part of his body that touched Tony’s.
“I admit I am curious,” then he looked around, more closely this time. “I’m also curious on where you guys get your funding. You’re more advanced than I would have given you credit for.”
Tony knew that Steve was serious about his threat, as much as he knew that if Steve tried to break the door, he would succeed. That shield might be the only thing that could break the glass but it didn’t change the fact that it could.
“We could have handled it. The back-up came pretty quickly and all you did was make a distraction, put yourself as a vulnerable target. Which they took advantage off! Because they know how valuable you are. You have a target on your back, Tony, and while I know you can protect yourself with the suit, without it everyone can have a go at you. Point a gun at your back and shoot without giving you a second of warning...“
worth a try.”
He stood there, in the middle of the room, trying to focus his mind on the fight to come.
“You want that?” Tony asked. “Even after everything?”
say I like the view, Tony.”
Steve didn’t ask why. He trusted Tony to know what he’s doing. But he needed to keep his mind off of the obvious.
“Fine,” he answered, his voice sounding loud and raspy in the quiet, despite how hard he tried to make it soft like hers.
But he knew better. Stark was busy and dangerous and Steve should keep away.
Steve grinned. “Naturally.” He hated to end the conversation here but he lingered for far too long as it was. He looked at his watch. “I’m afraid I’ll have to leave you to deal with Mr. Wright. I have to go, it’s already late.”
"Tony, hurry up," he yelled, narrowly avoiding someone's elbow in his face.
Steve smiled. The light from the living room TV turned brighter and Tony's armor gleamed red. Red. Steve saw arms around his waist, saw a brush on a canvas, moving in a pattern he was pretty sure he knew the shape of. All red, this red, bright red, gold red. Tony red.
Apparently, some of the more dangerous Japanese terrorist groups were strongly against any deals being made with SHIELD which prompted the Japanese government to take extra measures in securing their guests’ safety (Tony should have told them in advance not to bother, wherever they go, trouble somehow always found them regardless).
“Steve Rogers,” Steve said before he could stop himself, before he could realize that he wasn’t supposed to be Steve Rogers at this gala.
His Iron Man painting stood right in the middle of the wall, straight ahead. It would be impossible to miss it, walking in.
“Yes,” Clint snapped his fingers. “Radiant.”
“I know. But I want to.”
“Not anymore,” Tony said, quietly enough for only Steve to hear and suddenly serious. And it was something they touched upon, Tony’s stunt with palladium poisoning, but it was still a heavy topic. But Steve was glad to hear that, as Tony had helped him come to terms with both sides of his identity, he had helped Tony as well, and that meant more to Steve than he could ever express to him.
“You’re making this awfully easy for me,” Steve said. But he didn’t believe it would be easy in the slightest. He could recognize a good fighter when he saw one.
Steve frowned. Whatever it was, it sounded more serious than Steve originally thought. “You can tell me Natasha.”
They walked to the little coffee shop located near the HQ. It was nice catching up with Peggy, having small talk and not worrying too much about what he could say. It was always easy to talk to her, despite the circumstances.
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony said, looking at him earnestly. “I want to know everything about you and the place where you live is a part of that.”
“Your SHIELD contact,” Tony repeated, not looking away from the monitors. “Do you trust her?”
Clint smiled. “Maybe not, but your reaction tells us everything.”
And Tony did. He moved closer to Steve, burying his head in Steve’s neck. Steve hugged Tony close to him, thankful for the silent support.
“It’s just, you seem…” Clint paused, as if looking for a word, then turned toward Natasha, “What’s the word, Tasha?”
They waited in the shadows next to their van, when the first SHIELD vehicles rolled up, strike teams at the ready. True to her word, Peggy delivered them in record speed. If anyone were to ask questions, she would have told them that it was an anonymous tipper that made the call. But everyone would know that it was the Captain and his organization. This wasn’t the first time.
They all slowly stood up. Tony picked up his briefcase, slipped on his sunglasses and gave them a cherry wave as he walked back out the door.
“Coffee shop,” he murmured.
Stark shook his head. “We don’t take money from the hospital. All the equipment is donated. Most of it is just prototypes anyway.” Before Steve could respond, Stark continued, “Of course, I wouldn’t give them anything that I wasn’t one hundred percent certain it was working. It’s just a way to get away with donating the equipment, since my board of directors are not exactly happy about it,” he gave a little rueful smile, and a what-can-you-do gesture.
It became torture, the waiting. Steve didn’t want the time to come. But the waiting was killing him.
And it made Steve ache, more than it should have. Because that was still Tony, a man that he cared about, the man that made him more alive than he felt in a very long time. But it hurt, because how could that be Tony, when Tony was this, arrogant and flippant and uncaring. When Tony was Iron Man, and Iron Man was everything Steve disliked in a person.
It didn't take him long to locate the genius, who was pacing up and down in front of what looked like a museum but was probably someone's house (the gala was in a very wealthy neighborhood). Steve slowly approached and was grateful that Tony didn't notice him yet because this way he could just watch Tony, unguarded and himself. He seemed tense and he was trying to calm himself down, muttering equations under his breath like he was trying to think about anything but what had just happened. Before Steve decided what he wanted to do next, Tony turned and saw him. His eyes winded, his breath stuttered and in that moment, just one moment, before Tony collected himself back, he looked so beautiful. Just Tony, no mask, and he was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen.
Meanwhile, in the base, things haven’t been going as smoothly. The minions they captured in Hell’s Kitchen refused to talk, though Natasha claimed she would have them crack any day now. The problem was they feared their master too much. She was going to make them fear her more.
“Steve. We need air support if we want a chance at finding Hammer. You know that,” said Natasha.
“Why would he try to leave?”
The guy didn't even wait for Tony to confirm, just walked away from them, as if afraid he would get punched by Captain America if he stayed.
“We’re not bickering,” Steve said.
Steve looked at Tony. He seemed so relaxed, like he rarely let himself be, especially in public. Steve thought that maybe he was responsible for that, at least a little bit. The thought made him feel warm inside.
At least their identities were secure. No amount of hacking and prying would reveal their names, because they all took precautions, and they didn’t trust anyone easily, and so their names were hidden absolutely nowhere, only said through words. It was a small comfort, but a comfort all the same.
He had to keep their attention on himself. Make them invested in the fight, cheering on their leader. With a crowd like this, he hoped it wouldn’t be so hard to do.
"Not with this. I suggest you hurry."
“We wouldn’t get caught,” Steve scowled.
Peggy was now looking straight ahead, trying to process it all. “Steve. Who is he?”
Tony raised an eyebrow. "I wanted to make an impression." He looked away. "I wanted something loud, something eye catching. Something people won't forget."
“Which one?” Steve asked, amused.
Tony didn’t respond, seemingly lost in the screens, but Steve could tell he was worried in the tense lines of his shoulders.
The fight didn't last long as Loki was subdued by Thor who demanded that Loki
“Okay,” Steve agreed. “What about?”
"At least I have a team," Steve said, not willing to acknowledge Tony's words.
“Holy shit,” Steve whispered. He patted the robots when they came closer, in awe.
“So... in what universe is stupidbots better than Hydrabots?” asked Clint. It was a stupid way to break the silence but it still made Tony laugh.
Steve smiled despite himself. “How would that work?”
She knew everything about it, of course. It was dangerous, what with her working at SHIELD, but it gave them an advantage, one that saved them many times before. He knew she was risking a lot just knowing about it, and he was grateful to her every day for helping them regardless.
All of it was what brought this on, but this was also true: "I saw you and I knew."
“And what advantage do you have from appearing like an asshole?” Steve widened his eyes and went to apologize, “I… I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean…” but Stark waived him off, laughing.
“No.”
Again, she ignored him, but this time she turned toward Clint who responded, “Apparently Stark likes kids or whatever.”
) and took a walk since it was a nice sunny day.
The gala was for a charity. It was a huge event in one of the biggest hotels in Manhattan and almost everyone who was important in the business world was there. There were paparazzi everywhere and Steve got sick of watching these people pose and smile for the cameras, pretending they were there for the charity and not just the good press and good wine.
“But?” Tony prompted.
Steve didn’t like how vague she was. Mandarin’s bases were a closely guarded secret, even more so after Steve and his team found the last one. Who knew what kind of resources SHIELD had to put into this. But Steve also knew that Natasha would have told him more if it was necessary. They had the address. That was the important part.
This was one of those times apparently and soon Steve was lost in the drawing, in the lines and the curves, in the light and dark shades his pencil left on the paper.
She narrowed her eyes at him, her look saying ‘this conversation isn’t over’ then turned to order her coffee.
Tony took a deep breath, then started to fumble with his hands behind his back. Steve couldn’t see what he was doing but it looked like he was trying to reach for something. He wondered if Tony had a knife hidden in his sleeve and how the guards didn’t find it.
It made them sound like heroes when that was the last thing they were.
“Everything okay?”
Others were getting more and more curious, trying to see the magazine. The guy threw it back at them and continued looking at Steve in glee.
And really, not even a second passed before a knock came. Tony could see Steve, wearing sweatpants and a white T-shirt that stretched across his biceps (and if the memory of Tony’s hand holding on to those muscles popped up in Tony’s brain, he shut it down immediately).
“We’re going to be okay, right?” he asked, voice small.
His gaze was fixated on the phone, deep in thought. He didn’t even notice Steve.
“You were right, Tony,” Steve repeated, amused. Then his expression turned serious again. “It’s just… You saved the whole city. And you did it without your suit. And no, I still don’t like you putting yourself in danger,” he added before Tony could get any ideas in his head. “But… you’re a hero. With or without Iron Man. And I’m proud of you.”
“No, Tony. I don't want to hear any excuses. I had to leave my post to come here to protect you because you were in the middle of the battlefield,
“We need to be subtle, Barton. That rules out you, Thor and Banner. So Rogers and Romanoff, as the two most professional members of the team, will go. And you will not complain.” Fury glared, as if daring them to disagree.
No one asked Natasha how she got him to talk. She wouldn’t have said anyway. And Steve personally didn’t want to know. There were parts of this job that weren’t pretty, but were sometimes necessary. This was one of those cases.
His go-to has always been the gym, but he wanted to save all his energy for tomorrow. And staying in his room alone wasn’t an option. In the end, his feet led him to the living room, to see who else was up, or just watch some mindless TV.
Steve almost couldn’t believe it when Tony had called him and asked for a second date.
It was pretty soon that Steve realized they were ambushed. Mostly because he had been in this situation once before, and he knew the signs. When you were betrayed, it was pretty easy to figure it out. The problem was that people didn’t usually look for the signs of betrayal, not expecting it.
The worst of all was that everyone else liked Iron Man just fine. And Iron Man seemed to get along with everyone splendidly. It was only Steve he had a problem with. Only Steve he picked fights with.
The kiss tasted like red.
“Why not?” she asked. “I’m not saying you should tell him right away. But if it does get serious and you’ll trust him enough to keep your secrets, well…”
“Alive.”
But even after he left, Steve followed him, Steve kissed him, and Tony was lost.
Steve needed to change the topic, make Tony, as well as himself, forget about the impossibility of tomorrow, if only for just a moment.
And he had a feeling this was going to be a good one.
“Yes,” Steve got a faraway look in his eyes. “I… I have loved only two people in my life. I was attracted to a lot more than that.”
"He was someone who helped me during those three months in the cave. He died saving my life. So you see, when I care about people, they either betray me or they die because of me. Being alone seemed like a great option when those were your choices."
Tony’s coffee machine, like everything else in the Tower, was modern and elegant. Unfortunately, that didn’t really help Steve with figuring out how to turn the contraption on. It took him solid five minutes to figure it out and just as he was pouring freshly brewed coffee into a mug, Tony walked in.
“Right,” Stark said. He took another sip of his drink, looking at Steve, contemplating something. Steve had no idea what was going on in his head. “Another question. Up for it?”
“We have a Quinjet,” Steve tried, even though he knew it was a lost cause.
He didn't care. Steve was still holding him, helping him up, guiding him out but not letting go.
Steve blinked. He wasn’t sure. “I was in the neighborhood. And I like the view,” he said, nodding towards Stark Tower.
Everyone cheered.
Tony paused at that, but Steve was too stunned to say anything.
Tony raised his brows. "Not exactly. But maybe I antagonized you more than I should have. I figured out pretty quickly what your buttons were, and I pushed them. And I know I shouldn't have."
It looked like he was trying to conquer Central Park. And his own personal army; living statues.
Steve shrugged. “You were one of the only people at that time to treat me normally. Everyone else seemed to walk on eggshells around me.”
Tony could only imagine what Steve and the rest of them were going through while Bruce was trying to bring him back to life. Judging by the tightness around Steve’s mouth it wasn’t a fast process either. The pain he could still feel around his chest told him that as well. He was probably dead for a while there. It was weird to think about that. It was worse imagining Steve’s reaction, especially after he tried to protect Tony so many times before. “I’m sorry. That couldn’t have been easy on you.”
“Oh, what do you know,” Tony complained. JARVIS didn’t answer.
“But not all of it was to annoy you, you know. Some things just had that benefit.”
Natasha’s eyes narrowed slightly. “How did he die?”
“Why not, Tony?” Steve asked. He knew he was treading on dangerous ground but he couldn't help it. “Why don't you think you're good enough,”
So without thinking, without all his usual planning and calculating, he slammed his elbow to what he hoped was the guy's stomach and when the pressure on his head disappeared Tony turned and fired from the gun he was still holding (huh? He didn't even realize he still had it). The aim was at the guy's shoulder and it would have been a perfect shot but for the one small fact of Tony not having any ammo left.
“I’m sorry,” she said, still with that frown.
“Yeah, but SHIELD did all the heavy lifting,” said Clint with a pout.
“More than enough time,” Tony said lightly. It was a bad joke, at a bad time and his hands were sweating but he didn't care. He took the arc-reactor from beneath his shirt and twisted it. The reactor came out and Tony took a breath before pulling it out.
Tony swallowed. And then he looked at the tattoo guy with rage. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? He has nothing to do with this.” When the guy just smiled, Tony hissed, “If you touch a hair on his head, I will skin you alive.”
Tony broke his stare and glanced around. Some people were staring at them openly, some less so, but nobody was close enough to hear what they were saying. Tony swallowed. “Steve.” And his voice sounded so small, so vulnerable. “Steve.” He repeated, like that was the only word he knew how to say.
“Well, look at that, the Sleeping Beauty is awake.”
Steve's red.
Needless to say, Steve was a little bit in love after that.
There was a moment of pause after those words. Sam looked like he stepped inside an alternate reality, while others looked mildly amused.
“You’re all of that,” Steve said, after a moment. “And you’re so much more than that. You’re the smartest person I know. You care about others and you fight for what’s right. You’re fast and brilliant, and sometimes I can’t keep up with you, and I always think you’re going to realize how much I can’t compare. You saw something in me when you thought I was just a small-time artist from Brooklyn. You saw me when I didn’t even see myself. When I thought all I was, all I could ever be was the Captain, you showed me that Steve Rogers was someone as well, a person worth your attention.” Steve was steadily getting closer to Tony, until there was almost no space between them at all.
“I'm calling the team, we'll be there as soon as possible,” Tony could already hear the Avengers' alarm going off. “Did he see you?”
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked.
The answer is
Steve was livid, and Tony didn't even try to make a joke about him following him to his bedroom (bad time for inappropriate jokes, really Tony). The man paced a little and Tony sat down on the edge of his bed waiting for the inevitable pep-talk (but he had a feeling it was going to be so much worse. He wasn't wrong).
“Steve,” Tony paused, not really knowing what to say.
“I miss it too, though. Those times. When things were simpler.”
The tattoo guy smirked. Then he deliberately looked behind Steve, where Tony was still furiously typing on the keyboards, as if he knew Steve was trying to divert their attention from him.
“You already are,” Steve said without thinking.
Steve raised an eyebrow, wondering where this was going. “I
Steve wasn’t stupid. He knew he had nothing much to offer to someone like Tony Stark. One night stand seemed like the most likely outcome, and Steve counted himself lucky he even got a chance to just talk to Tony for a few hours in his Tower beforehand.
“Well, she told me you probably didn’t know. No matter how obvious I was.”
Steve didn’t know much about Hank Pym, having never met the man in person, but if the way Janet spoke about him was any indication, the man was brilliant if a little sporadic. But he was her husband so maybe she was a little biased.
Tony suspected the fight wouldn't take longer than a couple of minutes. Waste of his precious time really.
“Good,” Steve said. “That’s good. Anything else?”
“Tony. You know you don’t have to do that, not now.”
Tony couldn't breathe. He knew what was coming. JARVIS called them panic attacks. Tony called them a weakness.
“I know that.” Steve interrupted her. “But what does that have to do with this?” In all honesty, Steve didn't like to think about Tony thinking he's not good enough. It made Steve's chest hurt even more than jealousy did.
Tony looked Steve in the eyes again. And he imagined himself believing it. The possibility didn’t seem so far away anymore.
“Are you saying the Iron Man painting isn’t the only thing worth seeing here?” Steve joked. Then panicked that he went too far, but Tony only laughed.
Steve forgot about the dream. He didn't even know there was something to remember. The nagging feeling in his gut told him there was something he was missing, but he could not tell what that something was so he ignored it.
They made a few more steps before Steve asked, “What are we looking for?”
Tony was charmed by his apartment. It was honestly not a reaction Steve was expecting. But it was endearing, watching Tony walk around his apartment, stare at the various paintings on the walls, ask questions and listen to stories about all the knick-knacks Steve had lying around.
He didn’t need to turn his head to look, knowing it was Tony, so he continued drawing the little flock of birds surrounding the low branches.
As for Tony, since it was supposed to be their date night, Steve had to form a quick lie to explain his absence. In the end, Natasha thought of one for him, saying Clint had just broken up with his girlfriend and needed a guy’s night out. Steve knew that if that were really the case, he would have invited Tony to come along, but since he didn’t yet meet Steve’s friends, it didn’t seem so unrealistic that Steve would want to go alone to comfort his friend. Steve hated having to lie to him, but it couldn’t be avoided.
“With my life,” Steve said without hesitation.
They were closer now, so close that they were sharing air, and Steve thought he was going to pass out from the way his heart was beating in his chest. They were only millimeters apart.
“Yeah?” Steve asked, realizing he spaced out. The waiter was gone.
But this time, when they came, they didn’t attack him.
“I keep thinking,” Tony said, “what would have happened. If we agreed on the accords. If we didn’t fight.”
Tony didn’t, but that wasn’t the point. Every person who said that to him ended up leaving, so Tony didn’t put much value in the words to begin with.
It was more frantic then Steve would've wanted, but he let Tony take control, direct the pace. Tony was beautiful like this, in his element, like when he was in the middle of a breakthrough and nothing short of apocalypse could've broken him out of the haze. He was all energy, sharp movements, quiet gasps against Steve's lips.
He could have watched Steve forever, but he was getting thirsty and there was a glass of water on his bedside table, just out of reach.
“Are you nervous?” he asked softly.
“Maybe if you let me work in peace, I wouldn’t get distracted.”
“Oh. Okay,” Stark said and Steve thought he could see something like disappointment cross his face. “Well Mr. Rogers,” the amusement was back. “I guess I’ll see you around.”
“Right,” Steve exhaled. “Look, I would love to tell you we don’t have to talk about it, but…”
“Nah,” Tony finally said. “Everything is going to work out just fine.”
Tony looked at Steve who was still holding him by the shoulders, frowning, no doubt thinking how this all could have ended had Doom not fled the scene.
Clint cursed under his breath. Steve was still staring at the boxes. There were almost as many of them as they were from Hammer.
“So,” Natasha broke the silence. “I see you and Iron Man are still getting along.”
“Cap, I'm fine,” Tony said, trying but failing to remove the hand on his shoulder which only tightened again.
Steve bit down a swear word, and just waved behind him, trusting Bruce and Natasha to finish things up with Iron Man.
“I can follow orders, you know. Just sometimes I choose not to because they're stupid.”
Tony looked at him like he was mad. “You
"I don't need a team."
Something about his tone, even modulated, made Steve frown, “You heard of him?”
Steve stopped. It had been a long time coming, but what
The guy laughed again. “Fine, fine. I’ll tell him,” He seemed to pause for dramatic effect. “Your dear boyfriend is on his way here right now.”
Tony rolled his eyes.
“Hmm,” Tony pretended to think it over. “I’ll do it under one condition.”
“No,” he said in the end. “I did not.”
They didn’t say anything as Tony got up. He pocketed his phone, but left the bottle of bourbon and the almost empty glass on the table. He moved toward the door, but in the last second turned around.
Which was why, after a while, he slid closer to Tony and said, “The view here isn’t anything special. Would you rather see the one from my bedroom?”
“Wait, Tony. Don't. You'll just bring more attention to yourself. Stay hidden and wait for us to come and then call your suit.”
“I actually suspected it for a while,” Tony said. When Steve looked at him in surprise, he shrugged. “Just some things didn’t add up. But I wasn’t sure, not until today.”
“I’m sorry, are you the leader here?” he asked her. “I thought that was the Captain.”
Tony Stark, Steve’s boyfriend, was Iron Man.
“You think I can't do it without the suit? I think I did pretty well today.”
He was lost in Tony.
Tony just kept looking at him. He seemed nervous, disbelief still coloring his expression.
What they saw on the far end of the opposite wall made Tony freeze. Natasha and Clint were already there, looking worried.
“Well? Who was it?” Clint asked.
When he did, he almost groaned. He hated hospitals and the white, sterile room he was in was definitely a hospital room. There was even that distinct hospital smell and that more than anything helped calm his racing heart and pull him from the edges of memories of Afghanistan.
“Oh my god. That's it.”
“Well, let me see, maybe my super stealthy, flying suit of armor?” Iron Man wondered sarcastically.
Steve shook his head, “He is the most frustrating man I have ever met.” He pulled back his cowl and sat down. He was getting tired of all the fighting. “Call the meeting in the briefing room. We have a plan to make.”
Tony’s expression didn’t change, nor did he say anything. Natasha was stating facts, after all, not asking questions.
“Okay,” he whispered.
Steve didn’t know what to say. He wanted to repeat that they would bring everyone back, but truthfully, he wasn’t so sure. It was a risk, what they were doing, and no one knew for sure how it was going to end.
Tony looked up at him. “No. You’re the one thing I have that’s not tainted. I want it to stay that way for as long as possible.”
“Iron Man,” Steve said professionally. “Any news?”
Steve could tell that Tony was tense. He seemed to appear in control but he didn’t really know what was waiting for him. He didn’t know what was going to happen once they took the bag off.
“Oh, man, you’ve missed so much,” laughed Clint. Sam had a family emergency back in DC so he had to fly back home for a few weeks.
Steve swallowed. “Two days,” his voice was soft, worried. “They said that you’ll be fine, that you’ll wake up, even Bruce said it. But I just… all I kept seeing is you on that cold floor with a gap in your chest and your breath rapidly fading and…”
After a while, Tony untangled from him, and Steve missed his warmth almost immediately. But it was late, and they had work to do. Tomorrow was a big day.
No, what made Steve's fists clench and his chest constrict, was when some gal or guy found the way to get Tony's attention. Or when they spent the night in the Tower.
The night felt too peaceful for all the thoughts running through his head. He needed a distraction, something else to focus on.
Tony started moving, not back to the computers, but toward Steve. He didn't stop when he reached him, but kept on moving, and Steve realized he was getting out of the room.
Putting the uniform on, cowl over his head, always felt like stepping back into himself. It was freeing in a way. He had a clear path as the Captain, while as Steve he sort of drifted off, unsure.
“What? You don’t think that it was me?”
“I don't...” he signed, frustrated. He was going to fight to the very last breath dammit (even if he would much rather spend his last moments looking at Steve). But he had to try. He had to. Millions of lives depended on it. “It's not nuclear. But it's... it has all this components. They shouldn't even work together, how did he even do that? It should have short-circuited, not...“ Tony stopped.
“Maybe he was expecting the Fantastic Four?” asked Clint.
Tony was an answer as well, to a different question, a question that a dream once asked and hadn't had the time to answer.
“Traffic is always terrible, Steve,” said Natasha, cutting through his excuses without even blinking.
Tony lifted his head. “I always have.”
the message read.
After a brief summery from Bruce about the new shipment received yesterday, of the new equipment he ordered, and Clint’s overview of another target he was following, they were ready to call it a day.
“I just think you could do better.” He closed the space between them, and they were close, so close, not yet touching but even a minimal shift could bring their bodies together. “So much better,” he whispered. “Don't you?”
He was dizzy. The impact caused ringing in his head but he vaguely heard Cap yelling something. Was he talking to him?
Steve knew, throughout all those years, that there will have to come a day when they will be given an opportunity to fix what Thanos did. To undo it. Steve knew in his soul that they had to at least try, no matter the cost.
Seems not. Tony just smiled knowingly. “He should really devote more time to her. He’s not gonna find anyone who can tolerate him the way she can.”
“You made the Mandarin bring you to him,” Steve finished. It was brilliant. Mad, but brilliant.
Steve stopped and Tony nodded, encouraging.
“Tony?” Steve whispered as if testing if Tony was awake.
Steve had to look away from him. Instead he watched the monitors, screens bright and uncomprehending, but still less confusing than the man beside him.
“I couldn’t have possibly,” she said. “Bloody hell, Steve, how did you even manage to meet Tony Stark?” then she seemed to realize something. “Was it for a job? Are you targeting him?”
Maybe it was all of it. It was probably all of it.
But no matter how much he liked his night job, he knew that he put his life to the backburner and maybe he shouldn’t have. He couldn’t be the Captain all the time, even when being Steve Rogers seemed like a harder job to do.
He hesitated before hitting send. It seemed bold, somehow, having this casual, almost flirty, conversation with Tony Stark.
“I think…” Tony started slowly, “that you’re confused. You’re… I don’t know. Replacing attraction with love.  I thought… Well,” Tony shrugged, “I thought that you just needed to get me out of your system.”
Steve stopped breathing. He was terrified of saying something and breaking the moment. But Tony was still looking at him intently, daring him to disagree.
“We could help, send a team down, expand the searching area,” Steve said, already thinking about who to send. He might go himself, he was itching for some action lately.
Steve remembered thinking, torturing himself really, imagining what Tony was doing up here with his various guests. And now he knew. He knew exactly how it felt like, to be the person Tony Stark puts all his attention to, and it was exhilarating. It was like a drug and Steve needed his next fix, desperately.
So Tony, not even glancing at Steve's direction, took off toward SHIELD HQ by himself.
Steve finally raised his head to look at the other man, raising an eyebrow.
It made Tony smile, affection and warmth and fondness replacing any other feeling Tony might have had.
“Need some help?” a voice behind him asked.
And Natasha knew that.
They sat like that, in silence, for a couple more minutes until Steve was strong enough to ask. “So what do I do now?”
“I wasn't mad, Tony. I was...” Steve hesitated.
“So,” Peggy began. “Who are they?”
“But it's useless until it reboots,” Tony protested. He managed to drag himself over to a fallen police car and slump against it in a sitting position.
“Wait, what?” Clint asked, as if he just caught up with the conversation.
) could still be felt whenever they were in a room together so most of the other Avengers have taken to avoiding them (except for Natasha, but nothing fazed
And just because he had a highly-advanced suit of armor, it did not make him better than everyone else, as he seemed to think.
“It’s just… You seemed to get along with everyone except me. It was like I was the only one you didn’t like. And I think that bothered me more than I was willing to admit.”
“Almost there,” Natasha said, then a moment later swung the doors open.
Steve looked mad for a second, but Tony got the feeling it wasn’t directed at him. “Look, Tony… I know myself. I know what I feel. There’s no question about it. I’ve felt that way for some time now,” he looked Tony directly in the eyes. “I love you.”
10 minutes later he was awoken from unconsciousness by a very pissed off Captain America, after being knocked out by a single blow to the head.
An uncountable amount of time later, Tony pulled back.
“Thought about what?” Tony asked.
Tony closed his eyes. It hurt. Everything his dad said to him, about him being weak and useless, everything was coming back to him, flashing before his eyes. He knew Steve didn't mean it like that. Knew that Steve considered him valuable, had even said so. His stupid mind just couldn't break the connection, even if it was a connection he never wanted to make. Steve Rogers was the furthest thing away from Howard Stark but maybe they were both right about Tony.
Everything had happened so quickly. Tony was talking to a brilliant, young neurobiologist, whose name he was currently forgetting, glancing subtly every now and then at Steve who seemed to be in deep conversation with Natasha. Then suddenly he was in front of Tony, saying things that didn’t make sense in Tony’s brain, and everything was too much, emotions he fought so hard to burry for so long threatening to overflow.
It did not help. A thought crossed his mind that he could go to the gym, work some of the frustration out, as he so often had in the past. But the battle left his muscles sore and numb, and he was in no state to exhaust himself even further. So instead he went to the common living room, comforting and warm and full of life. Except the battle has left everyone tired and only Natasha was curled up on the couch, hot mug in hand.
Natasha leaned back in her chair.
Iron Man looked to the side. His faceplate looked stoic, cold, but his tense stance and jerked movements indicated that the man inside was anything but. “You do that then. I’m too busy to plan something as straightforward as this. If you want to waste your time then by all means…”
Steve had to force himself to get out of bed.
"Why were you there for so long then? Did Fury need you?"
Steve wasn’t sure why Stark was asking that. He seemed to be going from topic to topic without a pause, asking questions, carrying a conversation almost all by himself. His brain worked very fast and Steve doubted this was his first cup of coffee.
“Just got a lot on my mind, is all,” he said carefully. She didn’t answer, letting him decide whether he wanted to continue or not. “I just want to be done with Hammer, you know? The guy’s been managing to avoid us for far too long.” She nodded, and while he could tell she knew that wasn’t everything, she still didn’t push. Which in the end made him blurt out, “I saw Tony again.”
But he wasn’t the first one to find it.
And as intriguing and funny as Tony was, Steve knew that that would have been a better outcome. He has spent the last few days just thinking about how dangerous involving himself with Tony would be.
Things on the Iron Man front were quiet for once, and Steve was grateful. He was in a too good mood only to have it ruined by the other man.
“I... I can't, I'm sorry,” Tony said and he was avoiding Steve's gaze and he looked like he wanted to run, run from Steve, run from his feelings. “Please, just...”
The guy just continued to smile. It’s how Steve knew he wasn’t really lying. “You see, Tony Stark got a bit over his head. He started researching our boss. Looking for his weapons, you see. And our boss didn’t like that. So, he kidnaped him.”
“Fair,” Tony chuckled. “Remind me to never introduce you two.”
He didn’t know that Steve was thinking the exact same thing.
“Because I lied to you too.”
Tony pushed Steve back against the couch, affectively straddling him, and Steve could do nothing but grip his waist and try and keep up with the pace.
“You okay?” she asked, not exactly a whisper, but quiet enough not to disturb the stillness in the Quinjet.
“Takes one to know one,” she replied, giving him a big hug. “Steve, it’s been a while. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Tony wasn't aware of much, gas clouding his vision, ears buzzing from all the shouting and screaming but his attention was pulled away from the scene when Steve shook his shoulders. “Stay here,” the voice was firm and Steve's face (the only thing in focus, as everything in the background blurred) was tense but clearly conveying the same message. He seemed to hesitate, and Tony could imagine what else he wanted to say. Something along the lines of ‘
Once outside the room, Steve leaned on the wall and closed his eyes. This whole thing was becoming very tiring. It was too late now, but maybe tomorrow he would go outside and just spend the day however he wanted to, not worrying about bad guys or insufferable men in high tech suits of armor.
Which was why he was going to see Tony, despite the fact that they didn’t have plans to meet.
). The weight of the car unbalanced him since he took it in a haste and didn't have time to calculate the best way to do it. While he righted and looked for a spot to dispose of the car his sensors picked up on something.
“You almost died Tony,” Steve shook his head as if not believing he had to spell this out to him. “You almost died and now you want to act as if nothing happened? As if everything went perfectly according to plan?“ he sounded broken somehow, tension in his shoulders visible, and Tony could only imagine how much Steve probably wanted to shake his shoulders and maybe even lock him in his room for the rest of his life. Because Steve was a team mum apparently.
“Sure,” Steve said, even though he knew he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on it. But he was next to Tony, and that was enough for him.
He was adjusting his uniform as he walked, having sped through putting it on as well.
He hoped that one day, when Tony finds out the truth, he will understand why Steve had to lie to him.
“No, I’m not,” Steve said, sitting down at the head of the table. “It’s not 9 yet.”
“Oh,” Steve said. “Can the hospital afford that?”
Seriously, where the hell did the robots find an EMP arrow? Did they stole it from Hawkeye? (Tony hoped not, because that would be the arrows he designed and those could do some serious damage.)
“But Tony,” Steve took Tony’s hands in his own, drawing strength from the familiarity of holding them, “I don’t want to assume anything anymore. I want to get to know you. Every side of you. I want to go out there and know that you’re with me, watching my six. And me watching yours. You were right when you said that I tend to do things alone. Even with the team, no matter how much I trust them, my default was always to try and take care of things my way, keep as much of the fight on myself and not get anyone involved more than necessary. But I want that to change. I want us to be together completely. To trust each other. To be able to go out in the field and know that the other is right there.”
“Because... Tony, without your suit you're only human. You don't even have any military training or anything. I know you don't want to hear it again but... Without your suit you
Steve’s mouth tightened. He did know what she meant. They needed Iron Man’s help.
“Well, actually, I was in the army.”
Steve didn’t answer him.
An EPM arrow. Tony had installed special sensors to pick up on anything that could damage or shut down his suit, so that he would always be able to block it. This time however Tony was carrying a freaking car and was just able to throw it as far away from civilians as possible but had no time to block the arrow so it hit him straight in the chest (well, close. Tony did managed to shift in a way so it wouldn't be a direct hit to the arc reactor).
The thing was… Steve met a lot of people like Stark. It was in his job description after all (the illegal one, of course). Rich and powerful, raised in the wealth. They always looked at other people like they were beneath them. It was one of the reasons Steve disliked them so much. They all seemed so alike. Money was the only thing they cared about.
“Okay?” asked Steve, as if he couldn't believe Tony would agree with him.
“What do we do?” he asked. As a leader, he hated having to ask, but he was out of his element in this situation.
“We have to meet again soon, though,” Sam spoke up. “Something more casual, without masks.”
They acquiesced, and Natasha started reading the reports from the last two missions.
He was a genius child born into a wealthy family? His father was constantly disappointed in him and his mother went on expensive trips to Europe in lieu of taking care of him.
Steve looked at Natasha for help, but she just looked amused. “The thing is… We didn’t want Iron Man to accuse you of something before we gave you a chance to explain.”
“We will let our friends at SHIELD decide that. Until then, you are free,” said Natasha.
"So where is he now?"
“He was so young,” Tony whispered. Steve didn’t realize until now how haunted Tony was. How much the snap affected him. Everyone thought that Tony got lucky, having Pepper, Rhodey and Happy survive the snap. But he bore the effects of the snap, just like the rest of them did.
“Steve Rogers,” Stark said, as if he was remembering the name as he spoke it. He was out of the expensive, tailored suit he was wearing at the gala, but he still managed to look overly put together just wearing faded jeans and a T-shirt with a logo that Steve didn’t recognize. He also had a fancy coat on which didn’t seem to match at all with the rest of his outfit but still somehow suited him.
Natasha's words got Tony thinking though. Doom wasn't even putting on much of a fight and seemed to engage Tony simply because Tony was in his way. He even tried to leave, leaving Tony with the armor and all. It was only when Tony threw that missile at him that Doom got annoyed enough to do something about him. “You're right Tasha,” Tony murmured. “It doesn't add up. He was...” he was trying to leave.
"He just wanted a quick rundown of what happened," Steve said.
“I don't think there's much time for that Captain,” Natasha said. Tony though she sounded way too calm for someone who was about to die in under two minutes.
Tony huffed, amused. “Fine, but just so you know, I would make a great muse.”
He felt, more than saw, Natasha coming to sit next to him, quiet and graceful as she always was.
“You work too much,” he said, as she returned his smile and got up to greet him.
“I wanted to.”
And Steve couldn’t help but agree. He was distracted, and he shouldn’t be. He had to put Tony out of his mind, at least for now.
“But…” Tony started once again. He looked at Steve. “Don’t you regret it?”
Fingers touched his shoulder. Red, metallic ones, no human hands with red nails. The difference was startling. He knew now why the red nails seemed so wrong, despite being the right color.
“They sound amazing,” Tony said, a smile on his face.
Steve laughed. “Okay. Got any ideas?”
“You know I love you, right?” he said, the words a whisper. And it was like he could breathe easier, ready to face every monster, because it didn’t matter anymore. All that mattered was that Tony finally knew, and Steve finally said the words out loud.
Steve just knocked down another one when he made eye contact with Tony. His eyes widened at seeing Tony standing there and not hiding as he was supposed to. His eyes narrowed when he noticed the gun Tony was holding and Tony had a flash of apprehension for the backlash he'll receive for disobeying orders again.
Admittedly, not very recently, but still, he had been to quite a few restaurants in his life, and not all of them had been shabby and cheap.
Tony sat down at the head of the table where everyone else was already seated (and if that put him furthest from both Fury and Steve that was just an added bonus... okay maybe that was the only bonus). “Okay. But that doesn't explain why I can't bring my suit?” said Tony, bringing the conversation to its original topic.
“It’s weird to see them get along,” said Clint. “Does anyone else find that weird? It can’t just be me.”
Steve took a big breath and then slowly let it out. “Okay, yeah, I can do that.”
Steve actually smiled at that, “I’m glad you think that way.”
Disposing of the guards was only so complicated in a way that they had to do it inconspicuously. But they were not expected and the stun guns were set to silent. Steve was always suspicious of a plan going too well, especially at the beginning, but he wasn’t going to overthink it. The base wasn’t the main location of the Mandarin’s operations anyway, so heavy guard wasn’t as necessary.
Still, he doubted he would see Stark again. The man was probably busy developing some new peace of tech for his company or running the meetings who knows where in the world.
His thoughts kept going back to the night before.
When you go into these things, you plan for every variable, you account for every possible scenario. You think about the worst possible outcomes.
"We should clear out," Natasha said. "Fury will want to be briefed."
Still, Tony's armor immediately crashed down and Tony watched helplessly as his HUD and JARVIS went all black as he tumbled to the ground (luckily he wasn’t that far up).
“Wait till you see the view.”
It made Tony frown. He wanted to reassure Steve, to talk to him even but... He felt uneasy. Everything he learned so far has taught him to hide his weaknesses, create walls to protect himself.
But then he turned his back and started walking toward the door, his two minions behind him. And Steve felt relief for a second, a hope that he would be able to explain everything to Tony himself.
Suddenly Iron Man’s faceplate came into view.
"It doesn't matter," Tony said, then corrected himself. "Well, I guess it does. Maybe I'll tell you someday. But that's not the point."
But when he came closer to the couch, he stopped in his tracks.
tell you why you’re here.”
“Tony,” Steve reached across the table and took Tony’s hand in his. He felt warm all over, from the touch and the trust that Tony was putting in him. “I won’t tell anyone, I promise.”
“It’s quite a long story. And not exactly…” he hesitated, looking around, “something you would tell in public.”
“Tony, your suit was down. You would have only been a liability on the field,” Cap tried to reason with him but it only made it worse.
Steve turned and there he was, Tony Stark himself, in ripped jeans and a band T-shirt, looking nothing like an unapproachable billionaire the media set him up to be.
“We should get out before the guards wake up,” Steve said.
She swallowed. “What do you know about Tony's relationship with Howard?”
“Nobody said anything about protection Stark. They're going to babysit you and make sure everything goes according to plan.”
“Jeez, Cap, tone it down, will you?” said Tony because he was starting to have some serious headache and this was one of the few times Steve's voice wasn't helping.
Tony glared at JARVIS’s nearest camera. “Tell him I’m doing something dangerous and it’s not safe to come inside.”
“No!” Tony and Steve yelled in unison which made Tony smile a little behind his helmet (where nobody could see it but JARVIS, and his programming forbade him from saying anything.)
Couple of days later, Fury was happy because the deal managed to come through even after everything (let it not be said Tony Stark doesn't know how to do business, even after terrorist attacks) and Steve Rogers was for once not trying to talk to Tony at all.
"For those 3 months, I was in an Afghanistan cave, being tortured and blackmailed to make weapons," before Steve could react, he carried on. "Instead, I made the first Iron Man suit. I got out.
). Steve tried to initiate civil conversations a few times but it was strained and Tony could admit that that was probably his fault. Bruce told him he should get over it and just talk to the guy, but Tony couldn't. It hurt him that Steve didn't trust him outside the suit and his comment hit a little too close to home (it also reminded Tony of that other sentence uttered all that time ago. ‘
She thought him to be grateful for the things he did have.
Tony shook his head. "And then I met you."
Steve rolled his eyes. “It’s your annoying presence that’s the problem, maybe you should do something about it.”
“Yeah, no offence Tony but the guy got rid of your suit without even touching you and then he just left? Something doesn't add up here,” said Natasha, her voice calculating.
So much could go wrong. This will be by far the riskiest endeavor they ever attempted. But if they managed to succeed? It would mean everything. It was worth the risk.
“Something like that,” the man murmured.
“Thanks for the tip,” she hugged him then said quick hellos to the others. “So, Steve,” she turned to him. “I saw what was in there,” she said quietly. She was looking at him like she was worried he was going to break any moment now.
“But what if…”
He was hoping they could leave it at that but he wasn’t that lucky. “How so?”
“I’m guessing there’s a reason you interrupted me, J,” Tony was saying, sliding down the table and turning on a hologram. Steve was still staring in awe.
Steve turned around. He was annoyed at the expressionless mask of the Iron Man helmet. He knew the man inside was amused.
"You needed us."
“Fine,” Tony said, because there was no time to overanalyze every tremor in Steve's voice. There was a pack of stupidbots (that was what Tony was calling them, deal with it) coming toward him and his suit was still down.
“You know why,” Steve said, his expression earnest, like he was trying to get a point across but Tony just
“Oh, good thing you think you’re so much fun.”
Steve shook his head, trying to focus. Later. There will be time to think about it later.
“Aye,” Thor said, “Everything is going according to plan.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I’m sure he would have waited if you guys told him to.”
He knew, realistically, that it wouldn’t last.
“For what?” he asked.
“It has to work,” Tony said after a while. “It just has to.”
Steve gritted his teeth. It’s been a while since he saw Iron Man and he was starting to forget how annoying the man could be. Good thing he showed up to remind him.
Steve didn’t sigh in relief, but it was a near thing. “Yes, please.”
“You’re an idiot,” Steve told him. It sounded affectionate.
He concentrated on his breathing, his stance. He was out of the suit, it lying next to him in a heap of broken pieces. He longed for its comfort but there was nothing he could do with it now.
And Tony was done, done hiding, done being afraid, done being treated as helpless without his armor.
“Our?” Steve asked, baffled.
Steve huffed a laugh. She was right.
“Because I want to talk to you now.”
“Well,” Tony said, “That was something.”
Steve was pretty sure he stopped breathing. He looked at Tony, whose face was blank, processing. But he wasn’t called a genius for nothing. He figured it out right away. He was trying to find evidence that it wasn’t true, that Steve wasn’t who this guy said he was.
“Johnson said that their exchanges usually happen at the harbor. In Hell’s Kitchen.”
Somehow, this time, the thought seemed more likely than not.
“That is irrelevant,” said Natasha, her tone carefully natural.
“How? By knocking yourself unconscious?” Steve yelled. Tony would have felt sorry for the bastard at the receiving end of that disapproving glare, had that poor bastard not been he himself.
Steve smiled. He could hear it in Tony’s voice as well, all that regret and unused opportunities. The fact that they could have been together, if only they had been less stupid.
It wasn’t ideal, but Steve would just have to hope he was lucky enough not to have this bite him in the ass.
“What about Iron Man?” Clint asked.
But then Tony shifted and Steve realized he wasn’t asleep, just thinking. Then he said, “You’re the only good thing in my life.”
“We’re not looking for the exit.”
"He's the least of your problems now," Steve said, hoping they would leave Tony alone for a few more minutes to focus on him.
Tony raised his eyebrow. Everything in his workshop was dangerous. He put the gauntlet on his arm and aimed. The table on the opposite side of the room exploded, along with half the wall.
“Still,” she said, “You never know. Didn’t you say that no one was innocent until proven guilty?”
. So he didn't. In a couple of strides he was in front of him, as close as he was earlier, and before Tony even managed the say, “Steve,” he was pulling him by the neck and kissing him like it was last thing he would ever be able to do.
Steve nodded, “Let’s meet here to discuss it further. We should have enough time to make a plan for tonight.”
But Steve’s reflexes were as fast as ever and he caught the glass easily before it shattered on the floor. The bourbon spilled on his fingers however, so Steve put the glass back on the table and looked to see if there were any tissues in the near vicinity. There weren’t, so Steve, unwilling to move away from Tony, licked his fingers clean. The bourbon was sharp on his tongue, and Steve relished the taste even though he knew he couldn’t get drunk on it.
He had an address.
“And you really think he would tell us the truth?” Clint asked, skeptical.
Steve just nodded and watched a little helplessly as Stark sat down across from him, casually, as if they were old friends meeting up for coffee.
“And?” Tony interrupted his thoughts.
He could fight without a suit.
Steve woke up from a dream.
Tony stopped in the middle of the hallway. Steve almost ran into him.
Tony rolled his eyes, but complied. If Fury was asking him it had to be serious.
“I wasn’t going to,” Tony fake-gasped.
Sure, Stark seemed like he would be one of the worst ones. But Steve knew how much the media could warp the stories, tell things in a way that would insure them the most amount of views. It was more than once that some news site portrayed Steve’s organization as criminals, going after the rich because they wanted the power to themselves, not because the rich in question were corrupted.
But Tony shook his head, “If I had a thing like that, I wouldn’t tell anyone about it either.”
"Okay," Tony said, after a moment. "Well if you do have any requests, you know where to find me."
“Steve. Steve, slow down,” Tony said. “First, stop apologizing.”
They moved on to safer topics, then. Tony was still very much interested in Steve’s life, so Steve started talking about his friends. There was no way that Tony would connect them to the organization, and he would have to meet them at some point in time if this thing between them continues.
Natasha must have sensed that because she just sighed and said, “We were right, Hammer has been dealing under the table, specifically selling to a terrorist from China. Johnson didn’t know any specific names, but the man in charge apparently calls himself ‘the Mandarin’.”
As long as they were alive they could do anything. As long as Tony was alive, Steve was going to be okay.
Tony opened his mouth to protest (babysit,
It didn’t matter now anyway, so Tony dismissed the thought. All that mattered was Steve. Steve who was here and who was
"Not exactly," Steve said. His hands gripped the rails a bit too hard. His fingers were chilled. "I just like the red."
Steve shared a look with Natasha. “We’re giving you the benefit of the doubt,” he said.
“No!” Tony said. “Don’t tell him anything.”
“Can I see?” Tony asked, excitement evident.
Tony smiled. “It's okay. We'll be okay.” It felt like a lie but Tony had to say it. He took one last look at Steve, memorizing his face, his baby-blue eyes, his strong jaw, his blond hair Tony liked to pull when they were kissing or just go through it with his fingers when Steve was laying in his arms. His stubborn yet gentle expression which betrayed no fear, just sadness. They had only been together for a few weeks, few precious weeks, and Tony had never been happier in his life. He didn't want to lose that. He didn't want to lose Steve.
“I just don't understand why it is so difficult for you to follow orders. Is it some inherited trait for the Stark family, to just disregard any kind of authority?” Steve went on, still pacing in front of Tony, his body showing signs of tiredness (and maybe the gas affected him after all, just a little bit, because Steve very rarely looked tired).
They ordered take out and sat talking on the couch for hours. It reminded Steve of the first time he was at Tony’s penthouse.
but he was willing to go along with it just to avoid more of the Cap's rant).
“I...” Tony started to say but Cap wasn't done.
It stopped. It stopped at 8 seconds and Tony couldn't even believe that had worked. He had but a second to feel relief, happiness, elation before he went into cardiac arrest and unconsciousness.
Steve stuttered, “I’m not… How did you… Where did you get that from?”
he hissed and only then realized how much he actually confessed, but it didn't look as if Natasha was surprised by any of it.
“Uh, nothing. I didn’t mean… Not like that,” Steve said in a strained voice. But it was too late, there was already a grin appearing on Tony’s face.
“Mr. Wright,” Stark interrupted and Steve wondered where he got the man’s name. He probably knew all of them. “I would love to hear more about it after I finish my conversation with Mr. Rogers over here.”
biased. He wanted Tony to be innocent. Because he liked Tony. More than he liked anyone in a very long time. More than he wanted to admit, even to himself.
Tony eyed the shield at his back. The shield Howard made for Steve, the shield that saved his life. Tony had been mad that Steve got to bring it with him on a mission when he couldn't bring his suit but he had never been more grateful he wasn't listened to (Fury told him it didn't count because the shield wasn't a weapon, which was bullshit because if Steve used it in any way, it was as a weapon.
But then there was everything else. Because Steve didn’t like Iron Man. He was arrogant and frustrating and he didn’t know how to take orders. He made unnecessary risks and he constantly breached their security just to show that he could. He was bright and loud and brilliant.
And all the tension Steve carried from the day before just evaporated. Here was Tony, smiling and disheveled, wearing a shirt with grease stains on it. It was so far removed from the cold, calculating Tony and yet there was still that undercurrent of power and knowledge in the way he held himself.
Tony was rich and powerful and good looking and he knew how to use that to his advantage.
The leader shook his head, not buying Steve's sad attempts at keeping his attention. He nodded at the guys on his left and gestured toward Tony.
“You think he would tell you his secrets?” said Steve, jokingly.
“And then what?” Steve hissed. They were running out of time.
Tony's own mixed emotions whenever Steve was around. Or everything regarding Steve in general.
But it was so good while it lasted.
Most of the boxes had the stamp of Hammer Industries on them. There were some other, smaller companies that sold weapons whose stamps were on the boxes, but for the most part, it was all Hammer.
“Well I can’t help but be brilliant and good looking. People are bound to notice,” Stark joked. Steve felt like there was so much more to this story, so much more to Tony Stark himself. He was intrigued despite himself.
Maybe he can have this one thing. Even when… Even if Steve changed his mind, Tony would still have this. He would have the memories and the knowledge that Steve Rogers wanted to be with him.
“Tony you know how he gets. He could hurt you.”
“Nice work,” Steve said, turning around.
“But what?” Steve asked in the same quiet voice.
“Steve, look,” Natasha started and the seriousness in her tone was what made Steve really pay attention because it wasn't the usual blank seriousness she wore like a blanket, it was laced with feelings and understanding, the likes of which she rarely showed. “Tony, he... well as you might have realized, he likes to portray himself as this arrogant, egotistical person who only cares about himself, but... I think we both know that's not the truth. He's self-destructive and insecure. Probably even more then we realize because he's very good at hiding any kind of weaknesses...“
“What?” Steve asked, worried.
“And what would
“Yes. From me.”
Steve waited, but Tony said nothing more. “Well?”
It was only later, alone in his lab, that Tony remembered what Steve was responding to and what that response might've meant.
“Yeah, well, it just pushed the whole thing back a little. Pepper told me we should do it slowly. Keep the damage to a minimum,” Tony said.
Iron Man took his wrist in his armored hand and distanced the phone away from his face so that he could see it better. As soon as he did, he chuckled, “Come on, it’s just a joke.”
The sudden change in topic made Steve frown in confusion. “Uh, not much. I think Tony mentioned once they didn't get along?”
“Okay. Of course. I’d love to hear it.”
It was only a few hours later, as he was nearing the base, having walked the entire way to clear his head, that he remembered, having replayed their conversation over and over again, that Tony had known he was from Brooklyn without Steve having told him so.
Natasha was blaming herself. “I should have known. I should have asked how they got the information.”
“They didn't,” Natasha confirmed. “In fact, as far as I know, they had a really unhealthy relationship. Tony would do anything to impress Howard but even when it was obvious the kid was a genius, he never was good enough for his old man.”
When Tony showed up at the compound, time travel solved, Steve’s shield in his trunk, Steve felt hope for the first time. That maybe, just maybe, they can be friends again. That the past can be forgiven. And then Tony had said, ‘
Steve cursed. Tony Stark. The epitome of rich, spoiled and entitled. He represented everything Steve hated and though they had no reason to suspect Stark Industries was dealing under the table, Steve didn’t cross Stark off his list. Everyone made mistakes, so if Stark was really making illegal profit, Steve was bound to find out about it sooner or later.
He had woken up, unsure. Tony was on the other side of the bed, curled around a pillow, his back to Steve. The sheet was barely covering his hips and Steve couldn’t help but stare. Tony had insisted on keeping on the shirt the night before, and while Steve had frowned, he didn’t protest, not wanting to make him uncomfortable. But now the shirt had ridden up a little bit, leaving his lower back exposed.
“Obbie sold my weapons to a lot of people,” Tony said calmly.
“What are we going to say though?” Clint asked, nervous. He turned toward Tony. “If you hurt Steve, we’re going to kick your ass, even though you have bodyguards and money and very expensive lawyers. Oh, and a highly weaponized, could-turn-us-to-dust-in-a-second, suit of armor.”
Steve just hummed his agreement, drinking more. Once he was done, Tony took both their mugs and left them on the counter before holding Steve’s head with both his hands and bringing their mouths together.
Natasha was first to notice Steve’s nerves.
“Eventually,” she nodded. “You would have to. I can’t imagine keeping something like that a secret, especially if it becomes serious.”
Steve, oblivious to Tony's inner thoughts, said softly, “I'm going to go check on Natasha and maybe see how the people affected most by the gas are holding up.” He sounded resigned, as if all the fight went out of him and he just wanted to leave it all behind.
Tony’s brows furrowed. “Still. I know I didn’t make it easy for you.”
Steve turned to him. He was burning inside, a wild, insistent feeling pulling him forward. He wanted. He wanted so much it penetrated his dreams, got under his skin. He did not know why it took him so long to realize it, but now that he had, it would not let him rest. Steve was a little lost, a little unsure, but he wanted, and he was not letting go unless Tony wanted him to let go.
He lifted his head and woke up.
“I can’t believe this,” Sam said. “How… Jesus Christ Steve, this could have only happened to you, I swear.”
It was only when the pressure eased, and the guy slid from Steve's grasp, that Steve realized he was shot in the head by Tony's repulsor gauntlet.
“You know what I’ll make you draw one of these days?”
Steve sighed, “It doesn’t matter. Can we turn to the matter at hand? What did Johnson tell you?”
Tony saw Steve coming toward him, to check on him or other such nonsense (nonsense considering Tony missed almost half of the fight) but he couldn't deal with that right now. He was pissed at Steve. Tony knew rationally that he couldn't have fought the stupidbots without his armor. But that didn't mean he was useless. He could've checked on the civilians, made sure everyone was safe. Maybe help the police hold the perimeter. Show them how to use a gun against the stupidbots (because even if it might not have killed them, the bullets would have at least damaged the robots so that it would be easier for the Avengers to then finish them off) or something. Anything really.
“Peggy,” Steve said. The name sounded sad on his lips, like a future long given up on. “And you.”
, Steve thought, somewhat guiltily. He never once, since starting this thing with Tony, thought about bragging about it. But he wanted to now. He wanted to show it under Iron Man’s nose.
Tony noticed. He pulled away, breathing harshly. "We should... I should... I need to get out of this armor. And we should talk." He was nodding along with his words, a confirmation to himself. "We should definitely talk."
“Yes, well, I still thought it was funny. Frustrating, but funny,” Tony said, turning back to the monitors.
It was big and wonderful and futuristic, and everything beyond Steve’s imagination. Tony looked so comfortable in this space, and it was easy to see him spending all his free time here, building and creating.
They waited mostly in silence, Thor and Clint the only ones in the mood for a conversation. Natasha kept shooting Steve glances every now and then but Steve ignored her. He knew what she wanted to say.
“Well, we’re going to leave you two alone. I’m sure you have a lot to talk about,” the guy was saying, faking disinterest. Steve didn’t trust him for a minute.
Tony landed. Steve couldn't breathe.
She did always believe in him. Steve didn’t know how to repay her.
There was a noise coming toward them, and Tony pushed Steve into a small room. They waited, holding their breath, until they heard the guards getting closer. Just as they were about to come into view, Tony jumped out, knocking one of them out with his gauntlet. Steve joined him, thankful for the fight.
"What now?" Steve asked, still on the edge. They might have got rid of the main guy, but there were still plenty of henchmen around the compound.
He also didn’t like that he will have to stand in front of Tony, wear a cowl, and pretend to be someone Tony didn’t know.
Tony smiled, big and bright and happy.
“That doesn’t look so dangerous,” Steve remarked.
And then Tony found the control room. It was big, and one entire wall was covered with monitor screens. Two guards were seated in front of them. Tony slammed one of them with his gauntlet, while Steve slammed the other with the back of his gun. Tony sat down and started typing.
“Trust me, if that was my only problem, I’d be happy,” he shook his head. The sun was high in the sky, but his mood didn’t let him enjoy it.
The effect was immediate. He started shaking, his breath was shallow and he was pretty sure his skin started to pale drastically. He heard shouts, probably from Steve but he couldn't concentrate on that now. He brought the reactor to the bomb, removed the casing and connected the wires to the bomb. 10 seconds. 9 seconds.
Right before he fell into the darkness once again (but this one much nicer, with dreams of Steve waiting for him) he felt Steve kissing his forehead. “Good night, Tony.”
“Hey, sweetheart, where are you going? We were having so much fun,” called Iron Man.
Tony, on the other hand, was left speechless, maybe for the first time since they met each other. He was staring at Steve like he was trying to discover the secrets of the universe hidden in his face.
And after everything was over and Tony fell asleep, Steve finally let himself be happy.
made him realize? He looked toward the armor. Red was the answer.
For their first year anniversary, he took Peggy to this really fancy place that Natasha had recommended to him. Yes, he had had to save money for a few months to be able to afford it, but it was worth it in the end, if for nothing else but Peggy’s smile that didn’t go away for the entire night.
Steve looked at the top, left corner. There was a camera there.
vulnerable. And I can't... I
Tony.
. It was hilarious to watch.
“But Tony, didn’t you listen to what I said…”
“And Hammer has been giving him all kinds of weapons,” Steve said grimly. “Do we have proof?”
But there was no point in dwelling on it. Tony was gone, and Steve was left, once again, wondering if he was ever going to see him again.
It was one of those ‘lazy’ fights. Hydra was becoming more and more uncreative, it seemed. They were fighting against one of Hydra’s robots. Although, robots was a loose term. They didn't really do much except create a lot of property damage.
But Tony knew inside that Steve couldn’t. He was honest and kind, and he probably wanted to let Tony down gently despite everything.
Tony bit his lip. “Actually, I was thinking… And you can say no if you want. But maybe we could go to your place this time?”
But on the other, he was so furious, because how could Tony be that person, the person Steve so passionately disliked.
“Unfortunately, we have extracted all possible information out of our prisoners.” Natasha was saying. “And even if they had more locations, the Mandarin is smart enough to relocate them after last time.”
And then they were off, talking about everything and nothing, from favorite movies to Tony’s atrocious taste in music. Steve couldn’t remember the last time he laughed so hard. Tony was funny, witty and unbearably attractive, and the champagne they were drinking made everything feel light and easy.
Natasha grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around so that he was facing the bar. It didn't really help because there was a mirror behind the bar (of course there was...) and Steve could still see Tony's easy smile directed at the other man. “Okay, you really need to stop with the glaring, people will notice,” Natasha told him, her voice stern but sympathetic.
Pissed at Fury for making him leave his armor behind, pissed at Steve for not letting him fight despite that.
Tony didn’t disagree. He was so close, Steve could count his eyelashes.
“What?” Steve asked, disoriented.
“Yeah. Okay,” said Tony.
“What kind of information?” Steve asked, intrigued.
do?” asked Steve.
He just wanted his friend back. He wanted Tony in his life again, after so many wasted years.
She gave him a small smile, and everyone else was more into the idea once they knew she supported it.
Tony signed. He really should have seen that coming. “I can make it weaponless?” he asked in a one last attempt to get his way.
Besides, couldn’t Steve just leave it alone?
Steve looked back at him unflinchingly. “No.”
Tony Stark. But Iron Man on the field, Tony Stark outside of it.”
Steve was in civilian clothing, just walking through the city, thinking about nothing.
“I had my suspicions,” Natasha said, as vague as ever.
Pain was the first thing Tony registered as he slowly came to consciousness. There was pain in his chest, not unlike one he felt when he first woke up in Afghanistan. It seemed more dulled now though, as if this time someone had actually bothered to give him some painkillers.
“Is this about your little group?” she asked, growing serious. They never explicitly talked about it at SHIELD. Too many prying eyes, too many walls having ears.
Something painful crossed Steve's face but it was gone in a second, so Tony refused to acknowledge it. “You should. There was just nothing you could have done in that particular fight and you know it. I was trying to protect you.”
Going from room to room, avoiding the occasional guards, Steve stalked through the base, trying to find incriminating evidence. He wasn’t sure what exactly he was looking for, but he knew he would know it when he sees it.
"Something came up in the lower levels," Natasha chimed in. "He'll be back soon."
One of the guys finally cracked. Natasha said he was a henchmen, privy to only the minimal amount of necessary information, but it was enough.
“Okay, I think that’s our cue to go,” Steve turned to his teammates. “Take a day off. We took down most of Mandarin’s operations today, and I don’t think he’ll recover from it for quite some time. So you deserve a break.”
But he knew he would have to either way.
“Hello, Mr. Rogers.”
Stark looked at him, unimpressed. “Of course I can. But I can’t do the entire work for them. I’m a very busy man, you know.”
"I don't know," Tony said. "Maybe I'm just that much of an egoist." Before Steve could interrupt, "or maybe Iron Man was finally something I wanted to be noticed for. Known for. My legacy."
And with the last manic smile, he turned around, leaving Steve feeling hollow inside.
“Tony,” Steve sounded surprised for a moment, caught off guard. Tony figured he probably forgot to check the caller ID before answering the phone. “Is something wrong?” Steve sounded professional all of a sudden and Tony hated himself a little bit (a lot).
Stark – Tony? Should he call him Tony is his head now too? – smiled. “That’s better. Anyway, where was I?”
Steve stepped inside the van, signaling Bruce, who was at the wheel, to start driving.
Natasha didn’t say anything, but then again, she didn’t need to. She missed Bucky as well.
But they didn’t need to worry. “Yes,” Steve said simply, taking Tony’s hand in his. “Guys, I know this is not how I planned to it, but meet Tony Stark. My boyfriend. You might also know him as Iron Man.”
“What do you mean?”
“But… But they will know. The Mandarin’s henchmen. And there was footage…”
Everybody knew about him and Tony almost immediately. It was hard to keep it from them, since Steve was photographed next to Tony on numerous occasions and the gossip pages on the newspapers were filled with speculation. It made Steve wary, having so many eyes on him, but he was confident in his cover. A few nosy paparazzi were not going to find him out any time soon.
"But you figured it out," Steve said, not a question.
Soon after pizza came, they decided to watch a movie. And while Steve loved all the various outings he got to do with Tony, his favorites were definitely those quiet, casual nights, where it was just the two of them. He loved the intimacy of it, the closeness.
“I do know that,” Steve said earnestly. “But it's different when you're in the suit.”
It did seemed suspicious now that he thought about it. “Maybe he saw you guys coming and ran?”
, thought Tony, as Steve's voice rang in his ear.
“I… I mean… I didn’t… Maybe a little bit?” Steve cringed. He wasn’t planning on telling Tony, but now that he asked, he also didn’t want to lie. The fact was that, he
Clint smiled, more Hawkeye than not. “I like him, he’s smart.”
“Yeah, well, traffic was terrible this morning,” Steve said, having practiced that excuse in his head before coming here.
“Of course. Just sleep. I'm here,” Steve said and kissed his hair. It made Tony's chest tighten and he smiled slightly as he fell asleep, feeling safer than ever before.
Steve blinked, surprised. “Well…” he hesitated. “We didn’t want Iron Man to jump to the wrong conclusions.”
Before he could even think about the response, Steve let him go and Tony dashed out of the room.
Steve was about to go on a rant about privacy, when Natasha interrupted him, “So, wait, does that mean you like
He looked up at Tony, and he could almost feel his heart skip a beat at the look on his face. Steve put his hand down, but Tony didn’t stop looking at his mouth, eyes dark, mouth slightly open. The look made Steve dizzy more than the whole bottle of bourbon would have.
"I'm sorry I was trying to save my team from certain death."
“I like
He missed the warmth instantly.
Stark chucked, “Yeah, I don’t blame you, it’s not what people around here talk about. But to be honest with you, I don’t care. As long as they give the money, they can talk about themselves as much as they want.”
“It’s fine. We both did.”
If there was one thing Tony realized throughout his life, it was that whenever something good happened in his life, something bad always followed it.
Tony chuckled. "And you know, I had a 1932's Ford Flathead Roadster and it looked badass and I wanted the armor to be badass."
“I beg your pardon?” she asked finally, eyes wide.
But he was getting ahead of himself.
“Can we drop it? There are no juicy parts,” Steve snapped, feeling ridiculous.
“We really messed up, didn’t we?” Tony broke the silence.
When the guy realized Tony didn’t have any more bullets he raised his own gun quickly and two things happened at once. The gun fired and a red, blue and white shield collided with it, knocking it off course.
Still, impulsive decision or not, Tony was still not an idiot (in fact, some would even say the opposite) so instead of jumping in the fight he knew he couldn't win (as was evidenced last time when he was knocked on the head) he decided he needed a different tactic. Before his brain started working on multiple ways in which he could create little explosions (none of which seemed possible with no resources at hand), Tony spotted a guard, passed out from the gas, but clearly armed.
After what felt like forever but was definitely not enough, they both parted to breathe. Steve could feel Tony's breath against his mouth and see his dilated pupils just inches from his own and he never wanted to let this moment go.
And then there was the view. The windows covered the entire wall and it almost looked like they weren’t there at all, like there was nothing between them and New York City below.
The one from Peggy showed all the bases SHIELD has managed to hit up in the last half an hour. Tony looked impressed and Steve smiled. Peggy always
Not that Fury cared.
When Tony was out of view, Steve signed and walked back to where Natasha was still sitting. He picked up the glass of whiskey he left earlier and downed it.
“Naturally.”
“Questions. Later,” Tony said, looking back at him.
Without him though, the priority was to get to Doom first no matter what and try to stop him.
Steve couldn’t help but mirror Tony’s smile. “I liked it.”
“Are we going back to the Tower?”
“Oh, crap,” Clint suddenly said.
But they couldn’t keep going forever.
Loki, however, had other ideas.
Steve was about to protest but Tony’s moan at the first sip of his coffee made his brain short-circuit.
“Fine,” Tony said with all the calm he could muster then stood up and left the room before anyone could stop him.
They both had their pasts. Steve couldn’t exactly fault Tony for keeping some things to himself, when he had his secrets as well. He just hoped that one day they could both open up completely and be honest with each other. He hoped Tony would understand what being the Captain meant to Steve, that he would accept it.
“Tony, look at me,” Steve said softly.
“I don't need them to protect me,” snapped Tony.
"Hey, I'll have you know, I could be very stealthy if I wanted to. Don't you dare laugh, I could!"
Despite countless possibilities in which their visit could have gone wrong (most of which were sure to be Tony's fault, at least according to everyone who wasn't Tony) things went uncharacteristically smoothly.
“He’s a fairly new player around US, though he has quite the reputation in the east. This guy is not messing around.”
Steve thought that Tony probably
“Does he know?” he asked.
Steve resisted the urge to sigh. “Well, you are certainly an interesting man,” Steve said and found, to his surprise, that he meant it.
“Janet Van Dyne,” Steve said. It was a very risky name to use but he didn’t have another one. Janet Van Dyne, while not on his team, was sort of an honorary member. Ever since Steve and his team saved her husband’s very dangerous and important blueprints from being stolen, Janet was very grateful and very persistent in joining their ranks. She was fierce and determined and powerful all on her own, but she was a civilian and innocent and Steve couldn’t risk her. But every now and then when they needed it, she was always willing to help. She was the one who enabled them entrance to the gala by making sure their fake names made it onto the guest list.
Almost two hours later, Tony brought them down in the hangar area. It was weird coming in from this side, especially when he had spent so long looking up to see Iron Man coming and going from that exact spot.
“What?! Why can't I go?” Clint exclaimed.
Truth was, Peggy was more than just a friend to him. They tried dating, way back when, and he thought she would be the one for him.
Steve stared at him. He tried to imagine it, Stark Industries not making weapons. He didn’t think he was the only person who would have a hard time picturing it. “Why not just shut it down immediately?” he asked, because he thought that Tony as the CEO would be able to do something like that if he wanted to.
“What do you want me to say to him Natasha?
"How did he die?" Steve asked. He wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer.
Tony thought about how Doom walked out of the building when Tony finally got close to him, how he said... Tony's eyes widened. “He said... he said I was too late,” Tony all but whispered.
