, Tony thought affectionately, something soft and tender blooming in his chest. "I happen to like a little pain from time to time," he said aloud, a low, rumbling purr, scooting closer to Steve on his knees. "Cap, darling- Steve," he whispered, "I— I know it's very hard to concentrate right now, but I want you to be very sure this is what you want-"
"I got you, Tony, I got you," Steve swore, holding Tony up with one hand and using the other to scoot himself closer, drag Tony that little bit closer to him. His hand bumped the half-hard swell of Tony's cock, usually hidden behind so many layers, and both Steve and Tony moaned in surprise at the motion. "Tony—"
He fell forward, nosing into the curls at his groin, and started to lick up the come all over his skin, and Steve jolted, moaned like a goddamn porn star as Tony's tongue curled around the base of his groin, the sharp curve of his hipbone, his soft, sensitive belly button. When his lips closed around the tip of his cock, Steve gasped and gave a full-body shudder, his teeth digging even harder into his skin. Tony hummed his disapproval and reached up to grab his hand and pull it down to tangle in his hair. Steve's fingers latched on tight, and Tony hummed again, this time in pleasure as Steve tugged and yanked on the thick, short curls.
," Steve sobbed again, and Tony shushed him, one hand petting his thigh. His tongue darted out, lapping at the sticky, salty sweet wetness on his dick, tracing trails down behind his balls. Tony moaned, slipping one into his mouth, then the other, saliva pooling in his mouth just at the thought of sucking Steve off. "I've got you," Tony murmured, before flattening his tongue and running back up Steve's dick and lifting up to swallow him down.
Steve snorted, ran his fingers through Tony's hair once again. Tony's eyes fluttered shut at the soothing motion. "Now I know you're tellin' tales, mister," Steve teased gently, digging his fingers into Tony's scalp and scratching. "But I can see someone here is still pretty needy." Tony flushed, deeply, even as he felt his cock jerk and slap wetly against Steve's leg. Steve's hands slid down, the both of them, settled right above his waist, and Tony felt a zing of hot humiliation at how Steve's huge and beautiful hands almost encircled him completely. Steve lifted him, and the feeling prickled even sharper at how easily Steve could move him, how hot and—and—and embarrassing it was, that Steve could just pick him up and throw him on his lap like a child, how he could situate Tony exactly how he wanted and all Tony could do was sit there and
"That good for you, soldier?" Tony asked roughly, pressing a wet, messy kiss to the tip, fingers massaging lightly at his balls. God, Tony's cock was aching, straining against the soft fabric of his slacks. He felt like he'd been hard for so long, his head was swimming with it, the need to just press his cock up against Steve's abs and rut until he came. Tony bit his lip and moaned, pressed his hand to the base of himself to stave off the worst of it. This wasn't about him; it was about Steve, and what he needed.
"Good boy," Steve praised, hushed, and Tony moaned aloud, let himself sort of rock, gently, into Steve's thrusts, tried to clench down again around Steve as much as he could with his soft, gaping asshole so he could make it a little tighter, a little better for Steve. Steve's thrusts stuttered and he groaned out loud, fingers pressing bright throbbing bruises to his hip bones. "Tony- hell," Steve laughed, sliding his dick through the hot mess of come and lube, and he buried his face between Tony's shoulder blades, latched his teeth on tight. "I'm c-close, honey, I'm gonna come-"
of blushing anymore? "Darling, I am never out of my armor," Tony laughed, "present company excluded. I'm a busy man, you know."
Tony moaned before he could help himself: shocked, almost, at the intensity of the lust he felt, deep down in his belly and his balls. He suckled at the head of Steve's cock,just sucking at the salty-sweet precome there while Steve gently rolled his hips over Tony's face, like he was trying to psyche himself up to the act, even though Tony had given him explicit permission, signed, sealed, and personally delivered. When Tony dropped his jaw, let another moan slip from his mouth, Steve gasped and fucked his hips forward, his dick shoving further in and bumping against the back of his tongue. It made the back of his throat twitch, almost like a spasm, and another burst of precome flooded his mouth as Steve's dick jerked between his lips. Tony hummed, sliding his hands up to Steve's ass and pushing on it, trying to get the message across that
of Steve's needs, even needs he hadn't even anticipated for himself. Tony was— he was the most considerate lover, the most considerate friend — possibly the most considerate person Steve had ever met. It was a humbling thing, certainly, to be with him, Steve knew. Sometimes…
"I've got a plug in my bag," Tony blurted, face flushing hot at the admission. "You can— you can put it in me before you shower."
Steve shook his head from side to side, biting as his lower lip and squeezing his eyes shut as he kept playing at his head, rubbing at the slick precome smearing all over his fingers, his palm massaging up and down his jerking cock.
. Before he could stop himself, he jerked his wrists tight against the cuffs, sobbing down into the cushion. His nipples reminded him, once more, how sensitive and raw they felt, and Tony jerked again.
Emotion bubbled up inside him, swirled around in his chest and stomach, made the tears heat up behind his eyes again. "Oh, Tony, I— God," he whispered.
," Tony moaned and clenched down, and Steve keened, fingertips digging in hard enough to bruise, and he was shifting back and fucking in like everything Tony ever wanted.
"Mm, let's take care of that first, darling," Tony purred; when he ground his hips backward, Steve snorted and smacked at the side of Tony's ass, and Tony felt a lash of liquid-hot pleasure shoot through him. Tony moaned, luxuriating in the ache of it, and then clapped a hand over his mouth in a belated attempt to stifle it.
"Okay baby," Steve murmured; he petted at Tony's back, slick with lube and sweat, and Tony wanted to squirm. Steve merely chuckled, dropping a kiss to his hair, and crawled to the edge of the bed. A few seconds later, the fucking machine was slowing down, and then stopping entirely, and Tony immediately gasped at the sensation, or lack thereof, almost like pins and needles inside his ass. "Yeah, look at you, Shellhead," Steve breathed out, chest heaving. Two fingers slipped inside easily, then a third, and Tony couldn't help the high whimper he felt build in the back of his throat.
"Shhh," Steve whispered, nipped at the corner of Tony's jaw, right below his ear. Tony shuddered, hard. "Shh, Tony, I've gotcha honey, I've gotcha — you just lay back and let me do all the work, okay? Let me show you a good time?" He nosed behind Tony's ear, pressed hot, searing kisses to the sensitive stretch of neck, laved his tongue into the tight cord between his neck and shoulder blade. "You're not going to be able to come like this though, what with that big tube deep down inside you. You gonna be able to be hold off 'till you get out of here?" Steve slipped his hand up, back over Tony's hip and to his cock, which was surprisingly, pleasantly already stiffening up under his touch. His cock felt hot, tender almost, smooth between his fingertips; Steve brushed a finger over the head, fingered at some the lube still there, dripping from the catheter. "You gonna be my good boy?" Steve asked, and pressed down just under his slit.
around Tony). And- well, alright, it was silly, to feel embarrassed of his size standing next to handcrafted-by-God-and-Michelangelo-himself Steve Rogers. He wasn't…
for the spread of his ass around Steve's dick, the way Steve went to such lengths to make sure he was soft and open before he'd even think about fucking Tony, how hot under the collar just a finger flicking against his prostate got him. Another click of the cap, and Steve was pushing more lube into Tony's tight little hole, and he squirmed, pressing his face to Steve's knee.
"You need this," Steve said simply, turning Tony's face back towards him so they could share a sweet, simple kiss. "You like it when I'm soft with you," he continued, heedless of the way Tony's cheeks were blushing red again. "You
"So," Tony eventually said, wrapping his other arm tight around Steve. "How do you feel, honey? Did you enjoy yourself?"
"Never let it be said I'm not prepared," Tony murmured to himself as he dug through his medicine cabinet. Would Steve potentially need an entire roll of gauze? Better throw it in the bag. Could he benefit from one of those heat patches for sore muscles? Tony threw that in the duffel, as well. Steve was still only semi-conscious when he dropped the bursting duffel bag at the foot of the bed, so he ran downstairs to grab a bunch of drinks and protein packs.
"Okay," Tony whispered gently, sliding his palm along the line of Steve's strong, tense, trembling jaw. "Okay, let's take care of you, big guy, yeah?" He reached down with his other hand slowly, cataloguing his movements for Steve, and laid his palm to Steve's wet, sticky thigh. God, he was so hot, and tense, his muscles quivering under his skin like he couldn't bear to hold himself still. As Tony's hand slid upwards, drifting to the crease of his groin, Steve shuddered and moaned, his whole body uncoiling. "Yeah, big boy, that's it," Tony cooed, soft and soothing, and never letting go of his face. "Just— just think of whoever you need to to get through this, yeah? Everything's going to be okay." Then Tony's hand was on him, the whole hot velvety steel length of him, just the barest amount of pressure from the heel of his hand on Steve's dick.
," Tony sputtered, tamping down on a sudden wave of anger. Thor knew him better than that. "It's just sex. What kind of a person do you think I am, Thor?"
Tony hummed, pressing a sweet kiss to Steve's lips. "We fucked for eight days, handsome — the anal tissues are very fragile, and anyone would have torn after a session that intense."
"Yeah, big guy?" Steve grinned, brushed a hand through Tony's hair. "You like the sound of that? You want me to just keep..." Steve reached out, slid his hand down Tony's front, over his stomach, "...filling you up. Keeping you full a' me." Tony shuddered under the touch of him, how Steve's palm felt, warm and slightly sweaty. His stomach felt- softer, than normal, distended, like he really was full of Steve, like Steve was changing his shape from the inside, like Steve could change him irreparably, just from being there.
Steve's chest rumbled in an almost-purr. "My sweet, good boy - you'll have so much of my come in you, you won't know what to do with yourself." When Tony keened below him, shuddered around his cock again, Steve beamed down at Tony, pressed his lips to Tony's spine. "Hold tight, now, sweetheart, I'm gonna really give it to you, alright?" Tony nodded against the bedspread, and Steve kissed him again, letting his lips linger along the vertebrae. Steve's hips began to move again, slow at first, then speeding up, fucking in and out of Tony like he had front-row seats to every kink show inside Tony's brain - he knew how to move Tony, how to fuck him, how to ignore Tony's cock like it didn't even matter. Tony hardly ever came from anal stimulation anyway, and he wanted so
. Tony flushed. "Yeah," he admitted, self-consciously. He knew what Steve probably saw when he looked at the damned plug, but- but he hoped that maybe Steve was too out of it to read too much into it, wouldn't call him out on his silly, stupid, insignificant crush, would just plug him up and go shower so Tony could change the sheets and take a fucking drink so he didn't have to think about his goddamn feelings.
Tony moaned, bit down on the soft, cool fabric of the pillow and clenched his fingers in the sheets. He wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or cry or scream — it was— it was too
Steve narrowed his eyes. While that was true, he also knew that Tony had a tendency towards the dramatics, knew how keyed up Steve was over this whole thing — perhaps he'd simply been sitting in the other room, biding his time while Steve slowly went mad from the wait.
excited," he admitted roughly, staring down at his socked feet, the one fraying strand at the edge of the sole.
Steve snorted, knocked his heels against the backs of Tony's calves. "Yeah, alright, Mister Smooth Talker," he teased, nosing in against Tony's skin again. "I'm still gonna thank 'ya, though."
, at the core of him, like clean cotton and tea, and feeling Steve bury his face into Tony's hair and breathe in deep brought all of those warm, fuzzy feelings to the surface again.
Steve grinned, a bit shyly. "When you‒ when you used it on me," he said, voice low and just a little rough, "you were watching me, but you‒ you were also watching
of such an act (by Tony Stark, no less), but right now it felt like everything Steve wanted, and he couldn't help the low rumble that rose up in the back of his throat. "Oh, he's up," Tony murmured with obvious cheer in his voice; he scratched his fingers at the nape of Steve's neck, and Steve moaned, almost embarrassing in its intensity, but mostly all Steve could focus on was how
, Tony thought suddenly, and his chest clenched, his eyes watering again, but he just sniffled and shook his head, bending forward to lave at the sweat pooling in his collarbone. If this— if this was all Tony was ever going to have, he was going to just— just have to savor it, and enjoy it as long as he could, as sick as it sounded. And maybe— maybe when it was all over Steve wouldn't hate him—
Tony hummed, blinked his eyes dopily up at Steve. "Yeah," he said, his lips pulling into a wide, beaming grin. "I can do that. For you."
It seemed to take Steve a while to settle, his mind syrupy slow from the thick, hazy fog of the drug. Tony certainly couldn't move a Steve Rogers who didn't want to be moved, but he was conscious enough to help Tony shuffle him up to the bed, back against the headboard. He was still breathing deeply, but not as fast or harsh as before the two orgasms. That, more than anything, gave Tony a bit of relief. Thank
"That'd be a negative, Wasp," Tony sighed. "It didn't get sprayed during the fight, but we're both covered in the stuff, and the substance was airborne beforehand. It's going to need to be handled with hazmat suits until one of my techs can disinfect it." Tony didn't know if it was still in the air with them (since his suit had its own air filtration system and Steve seemed to be immune to it for the time being), but he'd rather go through decon than accidentally have all Jan's internal organs implode.
at how worked up, how far under he felt already, from kissing of all things. "S-sorry," he blurted before he could stop himself. "I don't know what's gotten into to me tonight."
"Whatever you need," Tony promised, and Steve was clenching finger-shaped bruises into Tony's sides, pressing soft kisses to Tony's cheek and jaw and lips as he rutted against him. Tony hissed, and moaned, felt his cock harden in his soft silky panties. It felt like he hadn't come in so long, and the- the thought of just rubbing against Steve like this until he came was so tempting it made his entire body throb with need. "The sky's the limit here, Cap," Tony continued, mouthing at the edge of Steve's jaw. "I can jerk you off. Or you could fuck my mouth? Work off some of that energy that's got you buzzin'."
"We need-" Tony wasn't sure, but Steve's face might have been flushed again, and his eyes looked a little dark in the dim light of the tent. "We need to get you on a training regimen for whenever you're out of the armor."
"Beautiful," Steve breathed, his lips pressed against Tony's temple, and Tony felt him coming again, felt it coating his insides, felt it sloshing around and slipping out around Steve's dick as he fucked into Tony, dripping down to his thighs, Steve's lap. Steve shifted his grip so that he was lifting Tony with one hand (and
"There you go baby, that's it," Steve grunted, fingers sliding over his face, petting his hair, tightening in the shorter curls at the base of his skull. His dick bumped against the harder ridges in the roof of Tony's mouth, the back of his throat - and Tony whined, high-pitched and breathy as the dildo rammed into him again just as Tony began to deepthroat Steve's cock. "Oh, hell, Tony, that's so perfect, just like- just like that-" Steve moaned, rocking faster and faster and Tony let his throat loosen even more, let the spit and drool drip from his lips, down his mouth and the base of Steve's cock, his heavy, tight sac. "That's it, baby, that's it - let go Tony, I gotcha," Steve growled, and it came out in that low, heavy Lower East Side timber Steve sometimes got when he was really feeling it. Tony preened, even as Tony felt himself start to float, his mouth making soft
"I should go get dressed, too," Tony continued in a whisper, goatee prickling against Steve's sensitized skin. "Meet you in the bedroom?"
; Steve hadn't turned the machine off, so Tony was just going to lie there and take it and whine and mewl and let the fucking machine fuck him 'till Steve had his fill.
, except Steve was flipping them over and shoving Tony's underwear down his thighs and lapping at him, dipping into him, sucking at his cock hard and fast and just how Steve knew how to get him off.
" under his breath, and tightened his fingers in Tony's hair again and he sucked him all the way down, the spasming of his throat working around the most sensitive part of him.
need." Tony gasped again, moaned softly under his breath, and Steve tilted Tony's head up so he could bring their lips together. "That's right. I need it, too. And you're so, so good to me, for letting me have this, for letting me give you what you need."
," he groaned weakly, clenched his ass even as he felt more of it slipping out of him. "Don't let it out-" he gasped, his face heating inexplicably as he fought to keep it all inside of him.
"You're mine," Steve rasped into his ear, and Tony felt the first splash of hot come inside him. "-And I'm yours." Tony whined, but Steve just kept up the same hard, steady pace; Steve rarely went soft if he was still inside Tony (a fact that never failed to flatter him), would probably go for hours if Tony's body could let him, so him being able to come inside Tony and
Steve's cheeks were flushed a healthy pink, splotches of the hue rolling down his pert chest and nipples. "Don't I look like I like it?" he whispered back, slightly hushed. He rocked his hips against Tony's moaning softly. "Everything's so‒ so sensitive," he continued, shivering; the tip of his cock was already leaking through the thin material of his briefs. Steve slid one leg up to rub alongside Tony's freshly-waxed leg and moaned again, hips twitching. His eyes were blown, the tiniest ring of blue surrounding all that deep black. "Oh, Tony, it's perfect," he confessed in a rush.
Steve flinched, rolled his hips where Tony had him pinned. Suddenly the ceiling was a lot more interesting to the super soldier, and he clenched his hands into fists, the one in Tony's hair just the wrong side of too hard before it softened, petting sloppily over Tony's sweat-soaked hair. "I-I-I, I'm not—" His throat swallowed convulsively, sucking saliva back behind his teeth. "Stark I'm— I'm not—" Steve shook his head, his lashes fluttering, and let his mouth hang open, his jaw working furiously around words he couldn't quite form. "I-I, is this—" he murmured anxiously. "D-does this m-make me—"
"Shhh, I've got you," Steve murmured, sucking at his lower jaw. "Good boy, I got you, I've gotcha, that's it, let me have it, s'what you wanted, right? Wanted me to own you, wanted me to make you mine?"
He was still feeling the effects, certainly, almost like he had the flu, but it wasn't the all-encompassing agony and frenzy he'd become accustomed to over the past eight days, and his symptoms could be easily managed on the treadmill instead of—
"I-I-I tried—" Steve's voice cracked, his teeth chattering loudly in the din of the room. "I tried her advice," he continued miserably, squeezed his eyes shut. "B-but it w-wouldn't go away, and my— I was too sore, I—had to stop."
Tony moaned, felt Steve's cock rocket against his prostate, reawakening sensitized nerves that Tony'd been ignoring so long. "Shh, shh, sorry, I know," Steve whispered, skating a hand across Tony's stomach, "I've been trying to avoid it, I didn't mean t'make it harder on ya."
he did to Thor, but what came out of his mouth was: "You know his name's not actually Jarvis, right?"
—" There was a Steve in his lap, a naked and very hard Steve grinding into Tony's abs, his sweaty forehead brushing against Tony's.
," he whined, music to Tony's ears as he spent himself, thick and viscous down Tony's throat, in his mouth, dribbling from the corner of his lips.
Tony felt his chest flutter before he could help himself. "Yes, of course, darling, I can do that," he murmured, fingers curling gently around the base of his cock. Steve gasped, and Tony rolled his thumb just under the head, rubbing gently at the foreskin there so he could watch the pearly beads of precome well up just so. "You just lie back and let me take care of you, Steve," Tony whispered and began to stroke him, ever-so-gently, his hand working up and down his fat, throbbing cock.
"No buts," Steve said, grabbing at Tony's hands so he could move them to his waist. "We had a nice time, and now I wanna have a nice, hot bath with my fella, alright?" Tony grumbled, and Steve snorted, rearranging the two of them so they were side by side, snuggled up in the tub. "There," he sighed. "That's more like it." Tony huffed, but let Steve manhandle them, wrapped his arms tight around Steve so they could tangle their legs together.
. He was suddenly aware of how hot he felt all over, how his cock kept bumping against the cushion and leaving wet, sticky trails and spatters of precome on the fabric. Steve sped up his thrusts and the dildo seemed to speed up with it. "You wanna come baby? Yeah, I bet you do, Shellhead - go on, go on baby, come whenever you want, and- ah-" Steve rocked his hips again and Tony swallowed and whined and felt himself slobber all over the both of them as Steve's thighs began to tremble, to stutter in their pace. Tony groaned, his gut clenching, and worked his tongue as much as he could, trying to drive Steve to that peak.
Tony, Steve thought with some chagrin), the way the all-over body flush warmed his olive-toned skin to a healthy warm-brown hue. Tony responded so sweetly, alternating between clenching tight and opening up to him, the soft, persistent drag of his knuckles over Tony's insides.
"That's fine," Steve murmured, and he grabbed something from the dresser; it was a silk handkerchief and when he unwrapped it, Tony could see a slim, bright red dildo sitting there in the palm of his hand. "I got something a little more your size," he continued, and Tony could tell that Steve meant it as a tease, but his voice came out all low and sex-rough, his eyes dark and wanting as he stared down at Tony.
"I just can't seem to help myself when I'm around you," Tony confessed, pressing kisses up and down his jawline, his own hips starting to roll back and forth in the air. Before Steve could chastise him any further, he reached into Steve's pants, fingers wrapping around his bare cock, and Steve gasped, captured Tony's lips in a heated kiss. Tony started to stroke him messily, and Steve whimpered into his mouth, lifting his arms up so he could tangle his hands in Tony's hair, fuck his cock into Tony's fist. "Remember not to come, darling," Tony reminded him, then surged forward to capture Steve's mouth again, his tongue diving in and claiming him once again.
Tony knew he should insert some witty quip here, but it was all he could do to just bend down and pick up the gauze from the floor, lob it in the garbage and go grab another one. Don't think about Cap's dick, Tony told himself feverishly. Don't think about it.
"W—we don't," Tony's teeth chattered, and he had to consciously stop his hips from rolling into Steve's hand. "—This isn't about me, Rogers," he tried again, biting down on a knuckle and sobbing. "I'm not the one who needs an ultramarathon of the bedroom rodeo to keep my body from shutting down, buddy."
of it all rushing out of him, the leftover lube and come and whatever else might have been lurking in his colon. There was a bit of cramping (but there always was), a couple of embarrassing noises that should've had Tony stuttering out apologies, but Tony was so tired and just so... soft, at the moment that he could do little more than flush, and duck his head against his shoulder.
"And set up an appointment with one of those lovely physical therapy girls for me," Tony yelled, wincing as the sound grated on his head. "I need a massage something awful." That would definitely do the trick, Tony decided. Lots of pills and booze and pretty girls rubbing his body down. He downed the rest of his drink with a gasp and sighed, padding over to the bar to mix himself another martini, extra dirty.
"Wh—" Tony shook his head, tried to understand what was happening. Steve's cock, though not completely soft, was still bobbing half-hard out in front of him, glistening with come, and other fluids.
"Jesus Christ, Cap," Tony said roughly; he grabbed another roll of gauze from the cabinet and a first aid kit, slamming them on the countertop. "Darling, all you had to do was say no," he teased, opening the kit with shaky hands. "I can take a hint, no need for all these macho displays—" He turned to where Dr. Nguyen was peeling away the bandages on his hands, and Tony actually did drop the gauze, his gaze dropping to Steve's crotch despite all his efforts not to.
Steve pressed another open-mouthed kiss to the underside of Tony's jaw before grabbing one of his legs, spreading him almost obscenely so Steve could get at his ass more efficiently, could stroke at the rim of his asshole like he could spend all night there. "I'm gonna take care of you," Steve swore, circling a second finger around the rim, waiting for Tony to open up and let him in. A soft, needy sound wrenched itself from his chest, and he felt brittle and open and so so warm as Steve slid that second finger in. Steve patted Tony's thigh softly and let go of his leg, and then the laces holding his panties together slowly slid apart, leaving Tony's ass half exposed as they pooled and dragged around his hips. Tony moaned and there was more lube slipping onto Steve's fingers and into his ass and Tony sobbed against the sensitivity, spreading his legs and lifting his ass so Steve could fuck into his ass a little more.
"Hell, you've got the prettiest nipples," Steve whispered, flicking at one of the hard, pinched nubs; Tony whined and panted and shifted, the tip of his cock just brushing the cushion. Tony whimpered at the sensations, suddenly aware of his cock in a way he hadn't been since this whole thing had started and suddenly desperate to shove it out of his mind. He wanted‒ he wanted‒
make a load of sense? What would be more… more humiliating than Captain America, paragon of wholesome restraint and virtue, reduced to some mindless, rutting animal? Too wound up to fight (to think even), just an overactive amygdala and an overwhelming sense of need.
"I.... suppose we could make a day of it," Tony finally allowed, fingertips slipping along and under the waistband of Steve's jeans, the ultra-fitted dark wash pair he put on specifically to go downstairs to talk to Tony with.
"What happened?" Steve grumbled; he could feel the frown on his face before he was even conscious of making it. Guilt, simmering like nausea in his belly, swam up into him. "Did I— d-did I—?"
"Come on, Tin Man," Steve whispered, knocking their foreheads gently together. "Show me what those dames are always raving about."
Steve smiled, pulled on the collar of his robe until it pooled on the floor beneath them. "Let's go to bed, Tony," he said, pulling back the thick, quilted comforter and burying them both inside of it. Tony shivered again, and Steve pulled him in close, pressing Tony's head into the crook of his neck. His legs slipped between Tony's own, the thick, corded muscle impossibly warm and soft as they tangled their bodies tight together. Tony could hear the strong beating of Steve's heart, the heavy thudding of his pulse in his throat. He could feel the soft dusting of hair on Steve's calves and thighs, the coarse curls of the pubic hair at his groin. Steve's fingers crawled up to pet the nape of Tony's neck. "You're so good to me," he praised, and Tony's breath hitched in his throat, a soft, sound stuck in the back of it.
Steve beamed. "You think you can get up, or do you want me to carry you?" he asked, thumbs brushing Tony's cheekbones.
There Steve was, wearing an honest to god red and gold bustier, skirt, and fishnet stockings, and Tony was groaning and moving into Steve's space, fingers running up and down the boning, up under the lace of the skirt and
"Mr. Stark is indisposed at the moment," Jonathan said, turning back to the shelf in front of him. "If you'd like, I can pass on a message."
. "You love me?" he asked again, and Steve could feel his lips pulling back into a wide, beaming grin.
"Steve, p-please," Tony moaned, arching back into the soft thrusts. His throat felt tight and swollen, hotter with every swipe of Steve's thumb against his slit. "P-Please, I-I want—"
Perhaps Steve sensed his discomfort, or maybe he was just remembering how tough it had been on his own body, but Steve's hands dropped down to his shoulders, kneading just this side of perfect. "Y'just gotta hold it in for a few minutes and then you can let it all out, yeah?" he said, knuckles making their way down to his lower back before clenching tight into his hips so he could give Tony's joints a little stretch.
Steve almost groaned aloud when he rolled the condom over his dick; he'd been so hard for so long that even feeling the latex stretching over his cock had him biting down on his lip so he didn't come straight away. He panted into Tony's neck, laved his tongue along the heated stretch of skin there, gripped the base of his cock hard as he rubbed the tip of it against Tony's ass.
"That was so nice," Steve murmured a few minutes later, once he got his breath back. "You enjoy yourself?" he asked lowly, nuzzling softly against Tony's cheek.
"'Did I enjoy myself', the man asks," Tony says, words soft and slurring. "Man makes me come harder than I have in over half my adult life and he asks me 'did I enjoy myself'." But he smiled, burrowing further into Steve's warmth, tapping his foot to Steve's ankle. "Was I‒ was it good for you, too?"
"I've seen your lab," Steve shot back, and Tony snorted, rolling his head to the side so he could peer up at Steve with one watery eye. "I can't believe I'm being the mature one here." Steve laughed again, pressing a quick kiss to Tony's cheek, and then another when he seemed to lean into it. "I once jumped off my apartment building to avoid talking to Jan."
A loud, embarrassing noise built in the back of Tony's throat and he hiccuped, sobbed once, trying to keep it inside. "
Tony could feel snot dripping from his nose and his eyes filling up with tears, but all that he could focus on was how
you, I'm not kidding, Thor—" the other man shouted again, throwing himself between the two of them, spreading his purple-clad arms out wide and trying to put some distance between the two of them.
Tony swirled his tongue around the tip of Steve's cock again, lapping gently at his slit and sucking away the salty-sweet precome that dripped from him. It was heady, the weight and the taste of Steve on his tongue, the way it jerked when he bobbed his head or played at his foreskin. Tony wondered if he was this sensitive everywhere. Would sucking on his neck warrant the same response? His nipples?
Tony shivered, felt his skin prickle with goosebumps again, even as Steve pressed his hot hands to Tony's chest. "Darling," he whispered, swayed a little on his feet.
pretty, was the thing — one of the prettiest cocks Steve had ever seen, if he was being honest. Even half-hard, Tony's cock was all flushed red at the head, twitching every so often and causing Tony to shudder hard down to his toes, goosebumps lifting the hairs on his arms and legs. It looked sweet as candy, like a lollipop, like it was just begging Steve to bend down and take a bite. "Even with that big, fat tube deep down inside you, you're still so wet, baby," Steve whispered, sucking at his skin. "What are those nurses going to think when they change your bag later and see it all filled with precome, huh? They're gonna know, Tony—" Steve bit down, hard, and Tony yelped, muffled his shout by stuffing the starchy hospital blanket in his mouth.
Steve kept his finger there for a minute, just rubbing, massaging over the furl of muscle. Tony felt so smooth, still tense but relaxing slowly under his touch, and soon Steve was able to press the tip of his finger in, just barely. Tony gasped, heaving in deep, juddering breaths. He spread his legs a little more, arched his hips back towards Steve, and Steve could hear the jump in Tony's pulse, the quickening
They checked his blood every four hours. There'd been a sharp dip on the third day, but for the most part the drop in the drug's concentration was slow, and agonizingly steady. Tony sighed, pressed his forehead to his knees, grabbing his phone from the bedside table. Steve was actually sleeping for the moment, not dozing or unconscious from delirium or pain, so Tony let himself run a hand through the man's hair, smiling sweetly down at Steve as he thumbed open the lockscreen to call Not-Jarvis.
Steve knew that Tony liked having spa days, that he enjoyed the time to unwind (to 'unplug', he would often say with a smirk at his own awful joke) and spare a moment of indulgence between battles. Steve also knew, unfortunately, that Tony didn't relax as much as he needed to ‒ whether he was too busy or stressed or didn't think he deserved the luxury, or that he was too stuck in his own head to the point that he thought the act of being pampered made him less masculine. Steve could see the signs of wear and tear in his long-time friend-cum-occasional-bedmate-now… partner? Boyfriend?
," Tony murmured, his legs trembling, his fingertips jerking. "Greeeeeeen," he moaned again and his tongue slipped out to lap at the beads of sweat on Steve's neck, his collarbone.
"I'm less worried about your hands and more worried about that substance you got smacked with earlier today," Tony said through gritted teeth. "I'd like to have someone check you over, Cap." Steve didn't respond and that- that really
Tony was throwing some bottles of electrolyte drink into an ice chest when Steve snapped awake, a soft, questioning noise in the back of his throat, and Tony was there immediately, sliding back onto the bed, one hand rubbing across the broad muscle of his chest.
Tony was going to scream. This was one of the best biochemical engineers in the country, maybe even the
it." He reached inside Tony's panties, cupping Tony's wet, hot, throbbing cock, and Tony sobbed again from the feeling of it. "D'd'ya think I'd want you t'be here if ya didn't want t'be?"
. Tony whimpered again, shifted a little on his hip, and Steve scratched at the base of his skull, hard enough that it felt absolutely divine to Tony's sore, migraine-infused body. Another cramp hit Tony and he groaned, ground his teeth through it, pushing his head more firmly into Steve's grip. Steve hummed, massaged at the tight muscles in Tony's neck, the base of his skull, tried to work out the knots of tension that seemed to be constantly worming their way in his spine.
"I love you," Steve whispered back, and Tony could hear the smile in it, those three words that always had Tony's heart twisting in his chest. Fingers slipped through Tony's hair again, curling around the back of his skull, and Steve was kissing him again, his soft plush lips molding Tony like he was made of clay. "I love you," Steve told him again, "and I'm so lucky to have you." When Steve massaged the back of his skull again, Tony felt some of the tension unknot, felt his limbs relax once more into Steve's hold.
"Ah, no thank you," Steve said, flush beginning to crawl down his neck to his chest. Tony watched it with glee, itching to follow the blush with his teeth.
"I'm gonna take the clamps off now," Steve told him, and Tony blinked up at Steve, slow and soft. Steve beamed, petting the side of Tony's face. "Ready?" he asked; Tony nodded, and Steve reached up and slowly pinched the handle of the first clamp.
, he thought to himself, albeit grimly. He swallowed him down a few more times, sucking as he slid the hot, heavy weight of him in his mouth, and caressing the shaft of Steve's dick with his tongue when he pulled up. "Does that feel good, champ?" Tony murmured, flicking his eyes up so he could look under his lashes up at Steve. "Are you gettin' what you need?"
"Are you sure?" Steve asked, hands moving up to massage the backs of Tony's thighs, his ass. "I know I'm not exactly‒" And Steve ducked his head then, a bit shyly, as he gave a small, self-deprecating grin. "I'm not exactly the easiest fit, honey."
Steve frowned. "Do you want me to wear one?" That was why he'd asked, right? Did Tony prefer less of a mess? Was that why he was bringing it up?
"Now, it's, it's a bit of a delicate situation, I admit," Tony continued on, kneeling down beside him, "but you have options, alright? However long this lasts. I'd recommend someone from the team, because it'd be bad news if something like this got out, but— but I know a service. They're discreet. They could send over some girls and you could pick one out—"
Steve moaned below him, and Tony's gaze shifted back, to the droplets of sweat clinging to his bangs, the fluttering of his lashes as he gasped unashamedly into Tony's fingers fucking into him, his hips circling as if he couldn't get enough of the feeling.
Tony hummed softly, nodded and burrowed his face in Steve's shoulder. "M' so deep," he mumbled. "Can feel't."
"Brat," Steve snapped out, winding his arms tighter around Tony as he began to set a harder pace. Steve moaned, tossing his head back, his hips jerking up in an attempt to get his dick even closer to Tony's fingertips.
" Jill broke off with a sigh, and Tony snatched his tablet back from Jan, who'd moved back to her own computer with wide eyes.
. His cock pulsed, come spilling out, striping his dick and his stomach and, Christ, possibly even his face, he couldn't tell. Tony was still sucking at his ass, moaning and grinding down into the bed like it was the best thing he'd ever put his mouth on, his hands flexing on Steve's thighs like he couldn't quite keep himself still. There were tears pricking at his eyes, and Steve couldn't stop panting, couldn't stop whimpering as his cock continued to empty itself all over his belly. His dick felt just the wrong side of too-sensitive, and Steve couldn't help jerking himself that little bit harder, trying to wring the last vestiges of pleasure out his tingling, spasming body.
Tony sniffed again. "I know it's— it's stupid, and I don't expect you to feel the same way—" he started.
Tony swallowed visibly. "Hey, Steve, we don't— we don't have to do this tonight, or— or ever, you know?" he said with forced levity. He was obviously trying to put Steve at ease. "Some people are more than satisfied with plain ol' vanilla sex, or just taking on one particular role — and just because you don't want to do something doesn't mean it's a bad thing, alright?"
," Tony sobbed again, and he could see Steve shifting, moving in front of him, and oh god, there was Steve's cock, bobbing in front of his face and he could've actually
," Steve seethed, totally at odds with the soft way he was still bumping his face against Tony's. "Do you think I wanted anyone else in here with me? Do you think I want to have sex with
"H-honey," Tony moaned, felt goosebumps prickle down his arms and spine. When he tried to clench down around Steve, he heard a squelch, loud and embarrassingly sexual in the heat damp of the room around them, and Steve laughed, fucked his hips faster through the slippery slick between them.
Steve shook his head. "M' good now," he murmured; and he was, actually. The sharp sting of pain on his sensitive groin area had pulled him back from the brink, and while his cock was still aching, Steve felt like he was no longer in danger of coming. Steve let his eyes flutter shut and let all the air out of his lungs. "M' yours," he whispered.
Steve moaned, so loudly, gripped his hands in the sheets and tried to still his hips from bucking up. He knew Tony could deepthroat, had little trouble swallowing down Steve considering the size of him, so if he was just sucking on the head, it was for a reason. Steve grit his teeth, squeezed his eyes shut even tighter, and bit back his whimper as Tony hollowed his cheeks and sucked on him even harder, letting his tongue play into the slit as he massaged at the entrance to Steve's ass.
. "I was thinking we could get our legs waxed," he whispered, voice low and husky; he dragged one fingernail up the inside of Tony's arm from wrist to elbow, delighted at the prickling of gooseflesh along his skin. "Maybe do our nails?" Steve continued, teeth catching the sharp line of Tony's jaw. "Get all dressed up?"
, Tony thought deliriously. The image of it was still seared desperately in his brain, and Tony wanted that,
Steve's hand froze on Tony's hip. He leaned in close, brushed his lips over the shell of Tony's ear. "Did you like that, Tony?" he murmured, dragging his tongue over the soft cartilage.
"No need to thank me," Steve teased; he patted the side of Tony's ass, gently but firmly, rolling his hips idly, like he was gearing them both up for another round. "Just givin' my fella what he needs, right? How could I do anything less?" Steve hummed, grabbed at both of Tony's thighs and spread them so he could (presumably) stare at his dick again, the slow, sensual slide of it between Tony's cheeks, the cling of Tony's rim against his shaft. "Hmm, fella? That's what a boyfriend does, right?" Steve asked idly; Tony could feel his thrusts speeding up. "You feel so good, Tony - oh, you're being so good for me. Am I giving you what you need, honey? Everything you were wanting?"
, was poking exactly at all the raw spots under Steve's armor in a concerted effort to make him leave Tony alone to puke his guts up in the bathroom.
prostate stimulation were few and far between, and he'd always been slightly envious of how easily it came for his super soldier boyfriend. And sure, he enjoyed it (hell, did he ever), but he always needed that extra helping hand on his dick to send him over the edge. His prostate felt swollen, oversized and fucked out and reaching the point of oversensitivity, but he wasn't
Tony gasped, almost fell off the bed, his fingers stabbing in too hard at Steve's prostate, but Steve just moaned again and started rubbing at Tony's shoulders, soft blurry praise falling from his lips.
—" He shuddered and came practically dry, clenching and spasming around Tony's hypersensitive dick and dragging his own orgasm out of him.
Steve's free hand reached back to rub at the spot where his dick slid into Tony's ass, playing with the cum there and Tony felt the shout build up in his chest, bursting out as Steve's teeth sunk into the meat of his shoulder and he was coming clenching and spasming around Steve's dick and Steve was moaning again and fucking at his hole with his fingers and his dick and Tony was whining, soft and high-pitched as Steve slowly, gently slid himself out, turning Tony around so that they were chest to chest, fingers shakily slipping over the clasps of his bustier so he could slip out of it and snuggle himself into Tony's side, one leg knocked between his. Tony could feel tears in his eyes, still shivering from the aftershocks, and he felt that familiar flush of mortification rising up inside his chest, but Steve merely wrapped his arms around Tony and played his fingers up and down Tony's back, against the curve of his spine, the dip just above his ass.
Not that forty-eight hours was really the be-all end-all of the scientific community or anything like that; Tony was just impressed a single human being could keep
, Tony thought nastily, frowning at his own pathetic self-deprecation. The idea that— that Steve would feel this way, would say these things (would want
Praise from Steve had been... stilted, at first, Steve torn between wanting to keep his hard demeanor intact and give in to this softer side, and so Tony had moved to take the reins back — whispered dirty filthy things in Steve's ear, put his tie in Steve's hands to choke him with, swallowed Steve down to the root and tried to make himself gag on the girth of it. But Steve always slowed the tempo down during those times, made his touch gentle, careful, like Tony was something precious and loved, and pressed tender, soft and doting kisses to the edge of his brow and called him
"I'm sorry," Tony whispered, reaching out so he could clench his hand into Steve's messy, tousled hair. "I'm sorry, ow— I'm sorry-"
"You're thinking too hard," Steve panted into his ear; Tony could feel the heat rolling off his body in waves, the first sheen of sweat clinging to his skin as he massaged and coaxed Tony's insides open. "I must not be doing my job," he teased, biting at the meat of his back, and Tony could
, everywhere, all over the place. Tony was sure he smelled awful. His phone chimed on the bedside table, and then a knock sounded at the door. Steve growled, low in his throat, and wrapped his arms tighter around Tony's middle, the sounds of their sex filling the air in wet, squelching staccato. "S-Steve," Tony moaned, reaching back to smack at Steve's shoulder. "Steve, c'mon, we need to check your blood."
"I need to go for a run," Steve blurted. Tony and Jan whipped around to where Steve was sitting on the exam table, practically vibrating under his skin. Steve looked at the doctor monitoring his vitals. "Ma'am, can I go for a run?"
Steve nodded, brushing one huge, hot hand across the span of his shoulders as he reached past him to twist on the taps. "C'mon, let's get you in," he murmured, pressed his hand firm against Tony's back to brace him. When Tony slid in, his breath hitched, the weight of the plug sliding more fully, more directly against his prostate. "Want me to take it out for you?" Steve asked, innocently enough, but the half-hard cock in Tony's face said otherwise. When Tony reached for it, however, Steve snorted and shook his head, pushed Tony's hands back into the hot, soothing warmth of the tub. "I wanna focus on you for a little bit," he admitted, a bit gruffly, but his hand was still soft when it smoothed gingerly down his flank.
, stroking his cock so hard and so long that he'd chafed, that he had to hold off cuz he'd rubbed his dick raw. Desire pulsed in his groin, and it sent a shudder of wanting down to his toes. God, he was such a creep, he was a fucking mess—
"Tony," Steve groaned, and it sounded enough like a laugh that Tony couldn't resist giggling with him, his eyes a little hot and watery. Steve reached out then, and grabbed Tony's hand, like a handshake almost, like they were making a business deal. "I- I… I would like you to— to stay with me. I don't…" Steve took a shaky breath, shook his head as if to clear it. "I don't want to hurt anybody," he said roughly; his tongue darted out to wet his chapped lips, and Tony's eyes zeroed in on the movement. He needed to hydrate; Tony should've, he really should have brought Steve some water, or some Gatorade. Maybe a few ration bars, since he probably hadn't eaten since the plane ride earlier. "You're strong, Tony," Steve whispered then, looking up at Tony under those beautiful blond lashes. "You wouldn't let me hurt you."
"Hey there, sweetheart," Steve murmured, brushing a lock of hair from his face. "That looked intense."
Steve whined again, soft and almost breathy, and Tony tried not to take it to heart, because Steve was in pain and he was very, very heterosexual, God, just because he was here offering himself up in a silver platter didn't mean Steve
He was on top now, pawing at the mouth that was under him, slack and sloppy and open. Steve grunted, had to dig his forehead into the sheets and groan, push his cock in and as far back as the throat would allow. Three thick drops of sweat slid down his forehead to his nose.
, but all Steve did was drape himself along Tony, reach one of his big, warm hands down to Tony's cock. "There you go, baby," Steve whispered, low and sex-rough as he rubbed his thumb over Tony's sensitive tip. He whimpered again, biting back a sob as he felt his cock pulse, his legs jerking in the cuffs.
"You giving your dick a rug burn is not going to help the situation," Tony said eventually, snuffling against his throat. He grabbed at Steve's hand and held it, just for a minute, to try and build up the courage to suggest what they could do next. "I may—" Tony coughed to clear his throat, "have something we can try."
"So what I'd like to propose," Tony continued on, digging his fingers into Steve's scalp and shuddering at the full-body moan he gave. "W-what I'd like to propose is for you to let me help you out a little, yeah? We'll work off some of this energy, some of this adrenaline, and you don't have to worry about hurting yourself anymore, okay?"
Steve dropped down, his hips sliding down Tony's face and chest as he slid down so they were face to face, Steve's dark azure eyes locked onto him. He licked the come from his face, groaning softly and knocking their foreheads together.
"Can I—?" Steve blurted, immediately horrified, but couldn't make himself take the words back, even after his face and neck flushed humiliatingly red. Tony paused, his eyes widening as he looked back up at Steve, his jaw dropping a little. His hand reappeared, the digits slick and dripping, and Steve groaned aloud. "Please," Steve begged, and suddenly he didn't care how desperate, and-and-and weak he sounded. He needed to— he needed to— "Please, I want to," Steve whispered.
Steve trembled, his hands fisting in the sheets, and Tony curled his fingers a little tighter, twisted his palm on the upstroke and letting it tighten up as he slid it back down. His cock was so— so red, flushed and and dark and wet, dripping all over the two of them so much that the sound of it echoed around them, slick and sexual. He came maybe twice like that, or maybe the orgasm was just intense, come spurting over his abs and pecs and even up to his collarbone. Steve whined when Tony slid a fingertip through the mess on him and slipped it between his lips, humming at the taste. God, he was delectable. "Mmm," Tony hummed again, bending forward and lapping at the come on his stomach. "Mmmmm."
The moment cracked, fractured into a million tiny pieces, and Tony was a living, breathing person again, winding his strong, dark-haired arms tight around Steve. "Oh, Steve, I— I love you so much," Tony whispered, and it sounded— wet, choked. There was a hint of salt in the air.
"O-oh, honey, you don't have to," Tony breathed out in a rush, the lax ring of muscle spasming around Steve's finger. Tony bit his lip, blinked furiously up at the ceiling as the tip of the plug pressed against him, cool and slick with lube. "I-I mean it, I'm fine you don't have to-"
"I want to see you," Steve whispered roughly, rolling Tony back onto his back and settling over him, spreading Tony's legs wide around him. Tony's flush deepened, and Steve felt something dark and hot and possessive well up in him. He felt like he was shaking all over, but his hands were so steady and he drizzled the lubricant over his fingers, slid his wet, dripping hand over Tony's balls, back to the soft pucker of his entrance. Tony jolted upwards, like he'd been electrocuted, and Steve jerked his hand away. "Is it—? Did I hurt you?" Steve asked, starting to scoot away.
"—this could actually be a good thing, Captain," Nguyen was saying when Tony came out of his lust-induced stupor. "Orgasm is known to set your body to a sort of, equilibrium state, it could help balance out all the adrenaline and testosterone rushes you keep experiencing—"
to hold off for Steve, to be good for Steve until he'd filled Tony to the brim, full and sloshing with his come-
in tandem with the harsh jerking of his hand around his cock, and holy Jesus, he was not going to be able to hold off now.
"Shhh, my turn now, darling," Tony whispered. "I'm stronger than that, and you know it. I put on a big metal suit and fight the same villains as you,
have an appointment to talk about a new promising clinical trial—an appointment he was now three hours late for, but, well. It's not as if his oncologist wasn't used to his flighty lifestyle.
Tony's brow furrowed, but then he nodded, leaning over so he could rest his cheek on Steve's shoulder, so he could press a kiss right above the wrinkle of fabric on his neck he got when he pushed the cowl back. "Okay, honey," Tony murmured, threading his fingers through Steve's, sucking another hot kiss to Steve's skin. "Okay—"
Tony moaned aloud, even as he felt the back of his neck heat. He scrabbled at Steve's shoulders and held on for dear life as Steve trembled and shook and kissed Tony within an inch of his life, all sharp teeth and wet, sloppy tongue. Steve jerked again, and Tony could feel another gush of come spurt out along his thigh, and Steve shivered uncontrollably, his mouth going soft and lax under his. Tony pulled him forward, so Steve's forehead was resting on his shoulder, and petted him through the aftershocks, one hand in his hair and one rubbing soothingly down his flank.
Steve shivered. "Yeah," he murmured. "Yess'r." It wasn't his favorite activity, taking enemas, but he knew Tony had a thing about cleanliness, and he'd asked him to clean up, so Steve had made sure he was thorough.
. Tony resisted the urge to pinch himself and instead leaned forward, rearranging them so that Steve was braced against the bed and tugging his wet, come-stained pants off. Steve's cock was still hard, and gloriously uncut, flushed with blood and nearly purple at the head, drenched in his own come from his navel down to his balls. As Tony stared (drank him in, really), Steve's cock gave an interested twitch, and he rolled his head to the side, hiding his face in his arm.
of the monitors in tandem. Steve slipped his finger in a little farther, testing the give, stretching his inner walls. He slicked his fingers, spread the lube in and around his hole, pressed his finger further in. Tony moaned, his ass twitching, but Steve knew how to work Tony's body, knew what buttons he could press to make it play nice.
Steve was still shuddering through his orgasm, come spurting across the both of them, his thighs quaking as he tried to keep up the pace. He gasped, shaking his head, whined into one of his fists. God, he had to be so sensitive from the two near back-to-back orgasms, but he was still fucking himself up and down on Tony's cock, his hips corkscrewing as he ground down until Tony nearly saw stars.
"I know you're scared, Tony," Steve murmured gently, and had to take a moment to stifle the burning sensation behind his eyes. Hell, of course he was scared — Steve was
"Lies and falsehood," Tony snarked, letting himself be manhandled into the position of little spoon in front of Steve. "I think just the right amount."
. He hadn't seen Tony in almost nine hours, he knew for sure that he hadn't filled his prescriptions from Dr. Nguyen, or stopped by the kitchen to get something to eat, or even come out to see
"What a looker," Steve murmured, almost awe-struck, curling his big, warm hands to Tony's jaw. "S'that pretty pink all for me?" Tony gave another soft, choked-off moan, breathy despite the way Steve's cock filled his throat, and couldn't help the way his skin colored and darkened under the scrutiny of one Steve Rogers. "Should I get you a gag to match that plug a' yours?" Steve asked, clearly delighted at the thought, and Tony felt his neck heat, whined as Steve pulled him further forward on his cock. "Or maybe— maybe you'd like a little piece of leather—" Steve's fingers trailed down, grazing the edge of the flush on his throat, right above his collarbone, "—maybe you'd like something with the name 'Steve Rogers' on it, instead of the American flag?" Steve asked in a hush, his own cheeks suddenly swirling with a pink of their own, something soft and self-conscious in his face, his gaze firmly locked on that section of skin on Tony's neck.
Tony hitched a breath. "Please," he moaned prettily and rolled his chest up. Steve hadn't cuffed his wrists yet, but he'd placed his hands there so deliberately, Tony didn't want to move them without asking first. It was a little awkward to get the proper leverage, but he still managed to pull himself somewhat upright, chest heaving. "Please, please, yes," Tony moaned again.
Steve's eyes burned. "I feel like such a brute," he admitted, gathering Tony up in his arms. "I always felt like I was going to break Jan — like I'm going to break you, I—"
Tony was certain he should've said something snarky in reply, but he was far too relaxed to think of anything other than a soft hum, turning his hand over to tangle his fingers with Steve's. Steve instantly latched on, practically beaming at Tony as they finished up with the wax and moved to start lathering the body oil on.
Steve gasped, couldn't help but fuck himself into Tony's strong, secure grip, the sounds of his wet neediness slickly squelching between them. Tony smiled, flashing a bit of teeth as he sucked on his lower lip, his attention rapt on Steve and the barely-there moans he kept making. When he saw Tony's own cock, hard and bobbing and leaking, Steve's eyes snapped shut and he threw an arm over his eyes, shuddering down to his toes. It felt— incredible, God Almighty, it felt too much already, like he was seconds away from coming, his limbs trembling viciously as he bit down on his forearm and tried to keep from spilling his load all over Tony when they'd barely even started.
His throat ached again and Tony choked back his sob, turned his ministrations gentle and constant against Steve's prostate. He was close now, Tony could tell — from the tightening of his brows to the trembling in his legs, to the sweet rosy flush down his face and chest. God, he was beautiful. And, well… if this was going to be his last chance… "You're so beautiful," Tony whispered, and Steve's eyes snapped open as he came, spilling hot and heavy between them.
. There were smudges of dark, heavy bruises under his eyes, as well as curling around past his shirt cuffs and collar. There'd been bruises all over his body earlier, Steve had seen, before they'd— before they'd gotten dressed, and Steve could only imagine how bad they must look now, huge finger-shaped marks of purple and deep, dark greens from his neck to his feet. And Tony still hadn't shaved, so his meticulous goatee had softened into a full beard, the unkempt edges curling around his lips and jaw. He had a tall glass of… something, in his hand, and Steve would bet dollars to donuts that Tony was more booze than blood at this point.
"You're so hard," Steve murmured, lips hot and wet against his ear. "You're so wet, Stark. Have you come at all?" His hand slid down, massaged lightly at Tony's tight, sensitive sack. Tony jerked, bit back a yelp as Steve tugged ever so gently at his balls, slid his fingers up Tony's sticky, wet shaft. "Even once?"
"Whatever you're thinking," Steve whispered in his ear, "Stop." He pressed his hand to Tony's stomach again, rocked the heel of his hand against him just so, so that Tony was gasping, sobbing into Steve's hold. "That's my good boy," Steve praised, sweetly, genuinely, even as Tony felt the shock of it in his cock and down to his toes. "You're absolutely perfect - just look at you, huh?" Tony moaned, spit slipping from his lips and down into his chin and beard, shook his head furiously. "Oh, no, Tony, you are sweetheart, you absolutely are - my sweet, good, beautiful boy," Steve whispered, the sound of it so awestruck it had tears pricking at his eyes. "You're pretty sweet right now, aren't you baby? Yeah? How would you like it if I dragged that big mirror from the closet out here, hmm? 'Propped it up so you could see how big you are, how much of me I've put into you."
"Steve, I'm coming in," Tony warned, twisting the handle and shoving the door open. "Steve, I need you to answer m— oh."
," Steve ground out. His jaw was clenched so so tight, and his eyebrows were knit so close together. "They can't— they can't do anything," he panted out. "That's- that's what the doctor said. That I have to ride it out. And, and, and it'll either make its way out of my system, or—"
"—and you need to give your dick a break," Tony continued, oh so gently, because Steve needed gentle right now. He couldn't handle anymore rough treatment, and (if Tony was honest with himself) Steve could stand to receive a little tenderness from time to time. "But I, I—, I have a better idea, cupcake, I have an idea that should make it easier on you, yeah?" Tony murmured, using his other hand to pet through the sweat-soaked strands of Steve's hair. Tony was an
"Y-you said-" Tony stuttered out, thighs trembling as Steve began to crook his fingers in, "y-you said that you'd b-be able to-"
"Not yet, darling," Tony grunted, gauntlet curling and slamming into the goon's helmet. It crunched under his fist, but must not have been enough to take him out because another spray of bullets dented his armor. "It's cute that you think that's going to work," he laughed, punching at him twice more. Then, to Wasp: "The first few computers we scanned had already been wiped, but this lab looks promising. With any luck we should be able to find out what they've been working on and put an end to their nefarious plans, with the added benefit of crushing this lovely base to dust."
"I'm sorry, darling, I didn't mean to get all maudlin," Tony whispered, brushing his lips to his cheek. "You're not going to remember much of this anyway, so don't you worry, Cap, okay?"
"God, Tony," Steve moaned, low and breathy, and wrapped his large hands around Tony's waist so he could lift and drop Tony at his leisure. "God, look at you, all the way in me," Steve groaned. "You took me all the way, honey, just like that. You're so- so beautiful-" And then Steve was moving, fucking his hips up as he slid Tony's ass down, and Tony was sobbing into Steve's skin as he began to move in earnest, the wet smack of skin against skin, Steve's high-pitched whimpers, the squelch of lube between their bodies. "Oh, honey, you feel so good," Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony's brow as he sped up, and Tony tried to clench down, tried to give Steve that extra oomph he always enjoyed when he topped, but he was just so, so loose, and so deep down it was all Tony could do just to hold on and let Steve thrust up into him faster, faster than the fucking machine, than he'd ever let anyone fuck him before.
Tony moaned a little unhappily, but he stayed still, didn't try to take Steve in any quicker, or clench down, or hurry the process up in any way. Making love to Tony like this was always a challenge until he loosened up a little, but Steve could be patient when it mattered, could pluck the right strings to get Tony's hips to open up, his tight little hole to let go of some of that tension. It was slow-going, but eventually he was seated inside of Tony, all the way inside, and even just the pressure of Tony clamped hot and tight all around him was enough to have Steve panting, shuddering and moaning inside of him.
Eventually they landed at the mansion and scattered, because it would be a cold day in hell before Tony attended a post-mission briefing sober. There was a migraine, sharp and throbbing, building behind his eyeballs, and his joints were starting to feel the effects of the mission from earlier.
"No, it's— it's not terrible," Tony murmured, even though it was a little. "The concentration of the drug in your blood
"Then just lay with me," Steve said sincerely, and Tony met his eyes in the mirror, all wide-eyed wonder. Steve smiled, pressed another kiss to his brow. "I'll get you some soap."
Tony groaned, biting down on his lower lip. "G-good," he replied. "That's so good, sugar." Tony allowed himself another slow grind of his hips before sliding down Steve's body until his feet and knees hit the floor beneath him. He bit lightly at Steve's inner thigh, letting the rough scratch of his goatee follow.
He smiled lazily, turning over to blink at Tony, all soft and sleepy-eyed. "Hi," Steve said, flashing teeth. "How 'you holdin' up?"
Steve blinked a few times, tried to keep back the wet heat piling up behind his eyelids. "You're sure?" he asked roughly. "I didn't— didn't hurt you too bad? Tony, I-I-I
Steve huffed, and his muscles rippled under his skin. "You can make time," he grunted, letting go of Tony's arm, his hand coming away dripping with the green goo from Tony's skin and -
They were on the bed before Tony knew it, naked and rutting, and Tony could barely hold himself still as Steve slid a finger in him, getting him nice and wet for the
"Ugh," Steve grunted, trying to struggle his way out of the wet kevlar-chainmail combination. Wetted down like that, it probably weighed a ton, and Tony grimaced. No way that was going to be an easy strip.
"I wanted to spend the day with you," Steve continued then, sticking his lower lip out. "We haven't been out and done something for ourselves in… what? Two months? Three?" He took a big step forward, right up into Tony's space, and slid his hands up and down Tony's arms in a gentle caress. "And I don't hate the spa, Shellhead," he whispered conspiratorially, leaning forward to knock their heads together. He grinned, warmly pleased when Tony returned the smile easily. "And even if I did," Steve said, leaning in close to let his lips just tickle the outer shell of Tony's ear; Tony shivered, "I'd go on a hundred spa trips with you 'cuz I know how much you love 'em."
. He'd come to terms with his mortality. He'd sold off most of his things. His company was still running, obviously, but he updated his will every week, and Cap and the other Ultimates would never have to worry about funding their escapades. It was— it was so
"I'm ready, Winghead," Tony groaned, and Steve slipped his fingers under the garter and began the slow slide in and‒
Steve hummed consideringly. "Nah," he replied in a hot whisper, "Nah, you might like a bit—" Steve slid his hand back and slammed it forward into the fleshy part of Tony's ass; Tony gasped, choked on a hot, heady moan, "—a bit of a sting, but you like it when I'm soft with you, don't ya Stark?" Steve murmured, his huge palm cupping and rubbing at the throbbing bruise blooming under his skin. "You want me to treat you gently."
," he moaned, and the bedspread ripped again as Steve shook again, rolling his head to the side and into the pillow beneath him. "Tony,
"Oh, I know you can take it," Steve said fondly, thumb rubbing idly at Tony's tailbone. "God, Tony, you're so slick and loose down there," he continued, sounding almost awestruck. "I'm gonna be able to slip right inside you after this."
Tony was going to die, surely. Sweat beaded on his skin, trapped between his own outfit and Steve's, the sound of fabric rustling and skin slapping loud in the room and suddenly Steve was pressed chest to Tony's back, the bone of the bustier digging into Tony's spine as Steve reached around and jerked at his cock, circling and teasing and pulling just the way he needed to be able to get off.
Tony's eyes filled with tears, and he had to fight back a sudden ache in his throat that had nothing to do with the cock in it.
Tony looked up from his lump on the floor. His eyes were watery and red-rimmed, made starker by the bruising under them, and the robe he was wearing was barely belted so Steve could see every slash of black and blue he'd put on the man. He was sweating and shaking, and Tony opened his mouth to say something to Steve, but turned at the last second so he could puke in the toilet. Tony's shoulders heaved as he pressed his face to the seat, spitting into the bowl and letting out a low, agonizing whine.
"Fine," Steve said, standing and stalking out of the room. He needed— he needed to find Tony, and talk to him, make sure he understood how
"I don't—" Tony choked out, tangled up in the hot, messy emotions of everything being so plainly laid out like this. He didn't— God, he didn't want Steve to think he was
—), pressing him tight to his sweating, heaving chest. He bared his teeth at the man in front of him. "You can't have him—"
"Steve," Tony croaked, his voice still rough from sleep. He sat up, a bit shakily, and reached out to lay a hand on Steve's arm. "Steve, hey - honey, c'mere." Steve sobbed, then shook his head, pressed his face hard into the mattress to hide his panting. Tony made a soft shushing noise and tugged on Steve's arm, tried to get him to roll over. "Steve," Tony said again, "darling, roll over, let me help you."
"You've been so good for me, Tony," Steve murmured hotly, let his palm rub in firm, slow circles against his sack. Tony moaned and sucked his lower lip between his teeth as Steve kept at it, that soft, sensual pressure on his balls and his cock. "'Kept me from punchin' through the walls," Steve continued, jacking at his shaft, circling the head of Tony's cock, pressing his fingers into his hot, leaking slit. "'Kept me feelin' so good. I want you to feel good, too, Tony. Don't you wanna come?"
Steve huffed out a short, shuddering breath. "Can you— with your hand?" he asked, tilting his head back and panting at the ceiling.
"Jesus," Steve breathed, collapsing to his knees and ever-so-carefully pressing a hand to Tony's backside. Tony shuddered, but didn't yell at him or shrug him off, so Steve began to rub gentle circles between his shoulder blades, like his mother had once done when he was a sick and weakly thing. "Is this—" Steve hesitated. "Is this because of…?"
Tony shuddered against Steve's skin, dangerously close to losing his shit again. He reached out, tightened his fingers into the meat of Steve's shoulder blades, and just… took a second, to gasp wetly against Steve's shoulder. "If— if you really m-mean that," Tony rasped, "tell me again when you're in the clear."
"F-for you," Tony stuttered, keening, throwing his head back against the sheets. "All for you, h-honey."
," Tony moaned. That's what he wanted - Steve filling him up, wrecking him with it. He felt- so hot inside, his soft, sloppy rim stretched wide around the girth of Steve, his hot, massive length. God, he couldn't even clench down on him anymore, could barely even shudder around Steve as he fucked in and out of him, the hot, foaming come spilling out around them, dripping down past his perineum and his sack. Tony moaned, felt his spit dripping from his lips, had to suck it back up between his teeth. It was- it was silly he knew, but he selfishly wanted to keep all that come inside him, didn't want to waste a drop of it (even though he
better," he sniped, wishing he hadn't left his drink outside. "Cap, you— you never forget mission briefings. Are you sure you're okay?"
on telling Steve to stop (even if it hurt a little and he lost his voice, bruised his throat to hell), but it seemed to comfort Steve to know that he'd thought about it. "Now go ahead and fuck my face, Handsome," Tony murmured, smirking up at Steve with some of his finest Antonio E. Stark charm.
Tony dropped to his knees so suddenly he was sure there'd be bruises later. He brushed the hair from Steve's sweaty face, petting through the damp strands softly as he pulled out his phone so he could hit the panic button on his touch screen. "Oh, darling, I know," Tony murmured.
"Please what, darling?" Tony cooed, and he knew it was a bit mean, lapping at him when he was obviously sensitive and gunning for it, but he swirled his tongue firmly around a blot of come at his nipple, and Steve jerked like he'd been hit by a livewire, his entire back bowing up and nearly bucking Tony off him from the force of it. "Woah there, cowboy," Tony said with a laugh, tightening his thighs around Steve's hips and taking one short, short moment to savor the sensation of his cock pressing down into Steve, the soft silkiness of his panties and slacks against the glistening hardness of Steve's pelvis and, oh, goodness, it felt amazing. Steve huffed, one hand grabbing Tony at the hip, the other sliding forward to grind against Tony's aching cock, and Tony nearly bit through his lip from the effort to stop from sobbing.
Tony snorted, took a sip of some bubbly concoction sitting on the bedside table. "Honey, I'm a genius, remember?" When he turned to Steve, Steve gasped, one hand darting up before he could stop himself, pressing ever so gently to the giant bruise on the side of Tony's face.
Whatever. Steve knew that Tony was tired, and he could use a break and the chance to feel soft and pretty and not worry about the state of the world for a few hours. The problem was, Tony needing a break and Tony actually
Tony's shoulders sagged in relief. "Will do, buddy," he murmured, knocking shoulders with him as he passed.
"Of course," Steve murmured, cutting off that train of thought. He slid his hands up and down Tony's thighs, callouses catching roughly on his stockings, and it sent a rush of heat to Tony's gut.
Tony jerked, his body singing. A hot flush crawled down his neck and chest, splotchy and far from attractive. His fingers tapped out an unsteady rhythm against the bed. "H-honey, you k-know what I like," Tony groaned, torn between grinding against Steve's mouth and rolling over to bury his face in the covers.
Alone in the bedroom, it was a little harder to keep up the same level of confidence as he stared down at the outfit he wanted to wear. He picked up the soft, silky sheer lace and just let his fingers glide against it for a moment, breathing in the soft scent of whatever detergent it was the cleaning staff used and the barest hint of Steve that still clung to Tony and all his possessions even here, in a corner of the closet either of them barely frequented.
"Yeah, I didn't quite take this into account when I made your uniform," Tony sighed. He reached out and tugged up on the panels, finally shimmying the uniform top over Steve's goddamn linebacker shoulders, throwing it to the floor with a wet
Steve sighed, his breath tickling the back of Tony's neck. "It does hurt," he admitted, "but I'd rather hurt for a little bit than not give you a break while I can."
"Tony, yesterday I shot spunk up my own nose," Steve told him firmly, and Tony giggled half-heartedly into the porcelain. "I think it is safe to say that anything I could see here is not half as bad as that. Besides," he continued, petting through the sweat-slick hair at the nape of Tony's neck, "you just went above and beyond for me — how could I not do the same for you?"
"I can't—" Steve choked out, feeling his face heat. It was so— embarrassing, and shameful to Steve, that here he was falling apart from barely a handjob, shaking like a— like a
"I have something to show you," Steve murmured, lips brushing against the sharp of cut of his jaw, his neck. And Tony was‒ Tony was writhing on the couch beneath him, skin practically tingling from the light touches Steve was brushing across his ribs, his ass, his dick. "I think you're gonna like it," he continued lowly, teeth just slipping out to graze a nipple and Tony jerked, his cock feeling suddenly, inexplicably
Tony shuddered. "Darling, I'm on chemo," he murmured, stroking one reverent finger down the side of Steve's face. "A strong breeze could bruise me right now — don't worry too much about it, alright?"
"Honey, I-" Tony's breath caught and he whined as Steve shifted the both of them so Steve was fucking up against his prostate, so deep, like an itch inside Tony needed scratching even though all Tony wanted to do was buck his hips up against the sweet sensation. Tony's cock, soft and useless between them, flopped against his stomach, but Tony was so loose, so very very sweet that he had trouble caring at how ridiculous it must look. "Honey, honey, please I-"
"S'ok," Tony slurred, twisting his head to the side so he could nuzzle Steve's big, warm shoulder. Tony shivered, felt his hips buck back into Steve, the hot, heavy sloshing of come well up into his belly. "M' okay," he repeated, finally letting his own hands reach up and- touch himself, his abdomen, the slight distention of it from the copious amounts of come he was stuffed and leaking with.
) and that was something of a goddamn miracle, between the alcoholism and pill popping and chemotherapy and the
, Tony. I kill men, and women, and I've let the government do awful things to me because I thought it was for the greater good. And— and, what? You think because you're attracted to me, because you were kind to me, gentle to me, because you took care of me— that what? That everything you did for me wasn't kind or gentle or
Eventually, Tony sat up, and Steve finally got a good look at him — his cherry red lips, his slick, wet mouth and chin. Tony beamed, sucking at his lower lip and shuddering against him. Tony fell forward, wiggling his way back up Steve's side so he could kiss at his neck, one hand reaching up to tangle into Steve's hair. They laid like that for awhile, Steve trembling through the aftershocks while Tony gently pet his hair, Tony's cock a hot brand of iron against his leg, his lips a comforting presence under his jaw. He was whispering sweet nothings, Steve could tell, even if he didn't quite have the brain power to decipher it at the moment.
" punching out of him, his hands fisting in the sheets on either side of him. Steve hummed, kept up that gentle, steady pressure, even as his cock throbbed and twitched with every breathy moan Tony gave him. When Steve slipped a second finger in, so slick with lube it dripped on the bed beneath them, Tony keened, dug his heels into the bed and hitched his hips onto Steve's fingers almost desperately.
"So good," Steve murmured, pet across Tony's face with his other hand, careful not to get any more mess on his face. It twisted something in Tony's chest to feel it, that kind consideration and regard. "You're so good to me."
, Steve had pulled him up and into Steve's lap, rocking his still half-hard cock up against the wet spot of Tony's boxer briefs, one hand diving into his pants, the other grasping almost viciously at Tony's jaw so he could lick every trace of come from his face, his lips, his tongue. "
Steve pulled him up, so gently, and sealed their lips together, cradling either side of Tony's face like it was made of spun glass, delicate and fine and seconds from breaking. "You scared me," Steve admitted, his mouth hot and wet against Tony's own, already sliding his tongue deep inside. Tony moaned, just a little, and scooted forward, careful of his hip as he tried to crawl into Steve's lap without actually leaving the SHIELD hospital bed. "You
Steve choked out another sob, then finally opened his eyes, bloodshot and glazed over with fever and need. He blinked blearily at Tony, then looked pointedly down at his erection. "It's… it's a little difficult at the moment, Stark."
. He just— he just wanted to make sure Tony was alright. He wanted to talk to Tony. He wanted to hold him and tell him he missed him.
Tony fell forward, braced his elbows on the bed so he could stroke Steve's cheeks and press a soft kiss to his lips. Steve hummed, letting his eyes slip shut as he kissed sloppily back, his mouth slack and soft against him. Tony's cock slipped back into Steve easily, and Steve moaned into Tony's mouth as he thrust in deep, and slow, letting his cock push and drag heavy along his prostate as he began to fuck him again.
Tony whimpered, tried to squirm in Steve's grip. His mouth felt wet, and slack, like he'd been drooling into his beard. He sucked in a breath through his teeth, hard, in an attempt to keep himself from making an even bigger mess of himself. "I-I-It's not necessary, big guy," Tony whispered, tried not to tremble too obviously as Steve started grinding in against his sweet spot again.
, Tony thought fervently, let the slick sounds of their— of their lovemaking overtake the room, let himself moan and cry and gag around Steve until Steve spilled down his throat and lips once again.
wanted (as opposed to what Steve wanted, as if their needs and wants were really that different), even though Tony was constantly giving more and more of himself to Steve.
"I've got you, fella," Steve murmured, fingers closing around Tony's cock and jerking, two of his fingers slipping down to slip down the sensitive sac. Tony cried out, shoving his fist in his mouth. He never touched Tony as roughly as he seemed to touch his own cock; he always touched Tony so gently, whether it was on his cock or his hips or even the Iron Man armor, as tough as that was. Steve jerked him slowly, fingers slipping messily under and over the head, his hand getting slick and sticky from the evidence of Tony's need. When he rubbed against the circumcision scar on Tony's shaft, another moan burst from his lips and Tony fell forward, tucking his head into Steve's neck and shivering under the attention. Tony spread his knees wide, bracketing Steve's hips, and panted harshly into Steve's skin, grinding and rolling his hips into Steve's even, sure grip.
, and it wasn't even happening to him. "I'm scared, too," Steve whispered, and Tony's eyes widened, his lashes clumping together wetly and his lower lip trembling. "But— but I-I, I think you're worth it," Steve confessed, scrubbing uselessly at his scratchy eyes, trying to take one rough, heaving breath after another. "I-I-If all I get with you is another six months, t-then it'll be the
So it was with full knowledge of the brevity of his actions that Steve Rogers did to Tony Stark that he did best:
as soon as this stupid tumor eats through the more delicious parts of my brain matter, so you sitting here trying to make me feel better is little more than you martyring yourself on the cause of waiting for Tony Stark to kick the fucking bucket." Tony clenched his jaw, bit back a very visible sob, and finally opened his eyes so he could look wearily up at Steve. "Is that what you want to do, Steve? Just sit here and watch me wither away until I can't control w-when I piss or breathe and finally suffocate myself in my sleep? Is that what you want?"
"Please, Steve," Tony murmured softly, grabbing hold of one of Steve's soft tits and squeezing firmly. Steve moaned, reaching down to grab Tony's off and lift him in his arms, and god if that wasn't the hottest thing, that Steve could lift him like he was
There actually was a stash of chocolate bars next to the water bottles and ration packs, but Tony figured Steve could use them more, so he popped a couple squares in his mouth to appease the mother hen before shoving the rest of the bar plus two more at Steve. He chewed on them silently with a blissed almost-smile on his face, pacing up and down the deck with a little bounce in his step, snapping his fingers restlessly against his thigh.
"Give me a minute, darling," Tony murmured, slipped further down into the water. "I'll be out in a second."
Steve's hand tightened on his wrist, then loosened forcibly, and he stumbled off the side of the treadmill, collapsing and panting into the tile floor. "Tony," he whispered, wrapping his arms around his middle and gritting his teeth. "M'not— I. I don't feel good."
Steve sighed, made a small noise in the back of his throat. At the next kiss he melted, his lips softening under Tony's touch, his spine bowing to maintain contact as Tony crawled into his lap. Tony's tongue was rough in his mouth, sure but not demanding, had the faintest tang of liquor underneath the sharp mint of his toothpaste. Tony hooked a finger in Steve's shirt collar, hummed into his mouth, kept sucking on Steve's tongue until he was dizzy, panting with need. "Tony," he moaned. "
"Nay," Thor rumbled, his massive golden arms crossed across his chest. "The good Captain has not yet arrived."
"T—" Steve's tongue was thick in his mouth, like it was stuck in syrup, sweet and slick. "Tony—" This, this was something they should talk about, this wasn't something Steve should just let slide—
and seconds later Tony could feel Steve's come striping his thighs, his dick, his stomach, and Tony moaned weakly, another valiant twitch coming from his legs and cock.
. How was something they found in a two-bit hack's lab stumping them? "How the fuck does a group like AIM make something like this? They're all idiots," Tony snapped, flicking one of the tablets away from him. "This is far too sophisticated for this to be their first go at it."
"You know we made that rule for you, Mr. Super Soldier," Tony griped, though it warmed him a little bit that Steve was apparently breaking his own rules to let Tony have a candy bar. "Mostly because if we need to run you through decon, you've usually done some heavy work beforehand."
," Jill replied gently. Across the table, Jan was still scrolling through the readouts, her jaw clenched tight and a furrow in her brow. "
—" someone shrieked, and there were hands pulling at him. Steve grunted and ripped his arms free and threw another punch. The man took it, seemed more concerned than anything else, and Steve had to clench a curse back behind his teeth. He kicked a leg out, tried to swipe the man's feet from under him, but he dodged Steve easily enough, his hands raised placatingly, his words little more than buzzing in his ears. "He's going to
you to," Steve growled, dragging his fist agonizingly slow up and down Tony's cock. "I want you to come, Tony."
it. So Tony's throat flexed and he gagged for half a second before he relaxed, letting the head and part of his shaft slip down past his mouth and into the back of his throat. Steve's hips twitched, and he fucked out, and then in, shallow and torturously slow.
"I could be persuaded to go back down," Tony said, kissing Steve's hand again.  "All you have to do is ask."
"Oh you're ready," Steve noted lightly, slipping his fingers out so he could drag a fingernail up the meat of Tony's ass, along the curve of his spine. "You're so beautiful, baby," Steve rumbled, and Tony preened, his cock bobbing hard and heavy between his legs. Steve chuckled, and slid a loving hand through Tony's hair. He heard the clank of machinery being adjusted, and then there it was ‒ the cool, smooth slide of the dildo working into his hole, and Tony moaned, low and guttural as he tried to keep his hips still while Steve pumped it in and out a few times. Steve pulled the dildo out and Tony wanted to whine
"Let me get you off again," Tony whispered, sliding his hands through the water so he could touch Steve, his already hot and throbbing length bobbing up between them.
, and he just wanted to take Tony in his arms and never let go. "You love me?" he asked, soft, reverent almost. Tony Stark loved
"Please, Tony," Steve mumbled, biting at his lip before mouthing messily at Tony's collarbone. "Please, please,
"Go back to sleep, Stark," Steve grunted, and he bit down on his lip hard, squeezed messily at the tip of his dick.
he needed a break were two very different things, the latter of which often involved Steve bringing out the big guns to get his boyfriend to take care of himself.
"In pigs," Tony said slowly, looking through some of the preliminary test results. "And… a percentage of the phase one participants."
"You're so close already," Tony murmured, lightly awestruck. God, and that was one of the hottest things about Steve, how he could get so worked up over the simplest things, like Tony blowing him, how he took care not to grab Tony's hair and drag him down without warning, how he always managed to rein himself in to practically the point of pain, but he couldn't hold back how
"Good boy," Steve praised, rubbed a proprietary hand down his flank. When he lifted Tony, like a blushing bride in his arms, it looked effortless, his powerful arms, his thick, strong, masculine legs. Tony drifted, and by the time he came to again they were already in the bath, the hot water lapping at the curls of his hair. "I'm gonna take the plug out now, alright?" Steve said, and Tony mumbled something in confirmation, rolling on his bloated stomach so he could peer sleepily up at Steve.
to move it, almost of its own accord, like it was anticipating Steve's needs and clamoring to shift where it could best serve Steve.
Tony moaned, felt his dick jerk against his belly, slapping wetly into the hot dampness of his panties. Steve rolled his hips again, pulling out long enough for Tony to suck at the soft, velvety head of him before sliding back in and holding his cock right at the edge of his throat. There was a trick to it (deepthroating, that is), almost like riding a bicycle - you just had to hop back on it and start
Tony looked at the fucking pillow and almost lost his mind. "You got me a‒" Tony couldn't hold back his snort and started giggling like a madman. "It's red, white, and
"Cap?" Tony asked, suddenly worried that Steve could feel his pulse jackrabbiting where his thumb was tucked around the underside of his wrist.
This had to be payback for that one girl he'd slept with at that New Year's party one year and left before the ball dropped. Oh
Tony jerked, and whined, and honestly almost shot his load off right then and there. He sobbed, loud in the back of his throat, and grabbed at Steve with both hands and held on tight. "T-tell you what, handsome," he stuttered. "I'll come if you take a shower and l-let me check your blood." Steve's fist squeezed over the head of Tony's cock and Tony whimpered, his thighs shaking with the effort not to come straight away. If- if he could just get some calories in Steve, and a shower (God, Tony would kill for a shower right now), he could change the sheets and clean himself up and maybe- God, maybe he could even take a nap before Steve needed to fuck him again—
"That's… unusual," Tony said, considering. He took a swig of his drink, washing the taste of sweet, chalky medicine from his mouth. "Did something come up?"
Tony shook his head, barely. "Chemo," he rasped out, his voice jagged like he'd been gargling glass, and Holy God, it sounded even worse than it had after Tony had— Steve flushed, and pushed that thought to the side. Now was
"Oh yeah, there it is - you just needed a little help," Steve crooned, dropping a wet and sticky hand back to his ass. Steve fucked at Tony with one hand and jacked him with the other, the soft pressure building and building until Tony hit that peak and he was sobbing, a handful of tears falling down his cheeks as he spent himself, come dripping over Steve's fingers, onto the cushion, the covers. "Damn," Steve groaned, his strokes gentling. "Hell, Tony, look how much you came." Steve brought his fingers up to Tony's lips again and he sucked at them, licking himself from Steve's hand and pressing little kisses to his palm and god
Steve frowned up at him, all grumpy and adorable, and it looked nothing like it usually did when he was all pissed off and ready to shout at Tony, because all he did was reach up to tug at the zipper of Tony's slacks, and run two huge fingers down the soaking wet fabric of Tony's panties. There was a high-pitched whine that Tony belatedly realized had come from
that, however, didn't make Steve any less pissed, didn't make Steve want to go punch a hole through the wall any less. "Why are you so determined to believe that I don't want to be here, huh fella?" Steve asked gruffly, threading his fingers through the thick of Tony's curls.
"Darling," Tony murmured, moving forward to capture Steve's lips with his own, "I may need you to pinch me, because I'm certain that this was all for me.
"Water and ration bars after decontamination," Steve quoted at him, and Tony made a face at the man. Steve's eyes slid down and to the right, then he rolled his eyes and sighed. "But chocolate is also good for making up those calories."
," Steve swore, and Tony could hear the quick slap of him jerking at his cock, his hand still wet from the lube he'd left in Tony's ass‒
Tony huffed into the crook of Steve's neck, a little wet and wobbly. "Honey, i— it was stupid, let's just drop it, yeah?" he croaked. "I'm really, honestly, I'm fine with it."
, Tony thought wildly, gritting his teeth against the heat in his eyes. Steve clenched around him again, and Tony moaned so loud it echoed in the room around them.
Steve tossed the filthy, soiled sheets to the corner of the room and grabbed a clean set from the closet. "You wanted clean sheets, right?" Steve said, stretching the fitted cotton over the mattress and tossing a clean blanket on top. "Come on."
Tony's heart fluttered, and he stamped down the tiny piece of hope in him. "Okay, so no escorts, that's fine, but you know, there's always Wanda, or, or Jan, or—well, maybe not Clint or Pietro, and we need to keep Thor available in case we need a heavy hitter, so he can't be stuck in bed for however long, but I mean—"
"Stark?" Steve called out, pressing a hand to the doorframe. Tony's room had a handprint scanner as opposed to the old-fashioned lock and key he'd given Steve's, but the light flashed green when he touched it, so he couldn't have locked Steve out. "Tony, are you in here?" he called again, popping his head in the door. Steve frowned, pulling out his phone and swiping through to call Tony.
Tony moaned low in his throat. "Oh baby, honey Steve please," he gasped, voice catching on the vowels, just beginning to crack and break. Steve's other hand slid around to cup at his face and Tony turned his head to press kisses on it, to wrap his lips around his digits and suck hard. He swirled his tongue around Steve's thumb and moaned. "Please please please," Tony moaned again. He was so, so close, his orgasm just barely out of reach. Unlike Steve, the times he was able to come from
"I think‒" Tony cleared his throat, hand sliding forward to cup at Steve's cock, which jerked and leaked in his hand; Tony felt heady, like he was already halfway under. "I think," he tried again, "that if you don't fuck me soon I might very well die, Winghead."
with you, Tony," he finished gruffly, pressing another kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth, "for as long as you'll have me."
"Head back," Steve murmured, tipping Tony's head against his neck and running wet fingers through Tony's hair. "Open your mouth." Steve tapped the lip of the bottle to Tony's lips and let him take gentle sips while Steve slid the foamy bubbles up and down Tony's chest. Eventually, Tony made a small noise in the back of his throat, smacked his lips against the salty-sweet taste of it, and Steve hummed and placed the bottle on the shelf beside them. "Good boy," Steve rumbled, slid his hands up and down Tony's flank. "I love when you get so sweet and down that all you want to do is please me." Steve sighed, nosed in against Tony's damp curls. He'd mentioned once, underneath all the sweat and cologne and liquor, that Tony smelled so— so
"I'd really like you to consider this treatment regimen, Tony," Dr. Roberts said once he'd finally sauntered into the man's office. "It's a little aggressive, but the results look promising, and we're seeing a shrinkage in tumor size on an average of twenty to thirty percent."
the time. Tony shivered again, made a face, spit into the toilet and looked like he was trying not to hurl again. "S'a new study. Twice the chemo, twice th' drugs," he slurred. "Tryin' t' see if they can beat the tumor outta' me."
Tony shivered, glad for once of the suit's ability to mask some of his more… involuntary motions, and nodded, turning towards Steve and lifting up his arms obligingly. The gauntlets came off easy enough, but the rerebraces and shoulders had discreet catches that needed to be manipulated a certain way (usually it was machine or tech-aided, but well, emergencies were emergencies) to come off. It was the same with the legs and the center chest piece, but once all those large sections were off, the rest of the armor fell off without much work. "Guess it's time for shower number two," Tony said lightly, his eyes firmly on the armor pieces on the floor as he toed out of his own panties, flinging them off and into the pile.
Tony sobbed, fingers flexing in the sheets, his biceps straining as he trembled under both Steve and the machine's touch. He dropped, the chain jangling, his nipples burning and throbbing, and whined and writhed despite himself. Steve whispered nonsense endearments, pressing kisses along his back, his hair, even as he slid a finger around the rim of his asshole. He rubbed at it, softly but firmly, edging the tip of his finger just inside him so he could fuck at Tony along with the dildo.
Tony could see when he hazed out again: his pupils dilated, his words started to stick in his throat, and his muscles seemed to ripple underneath his skin. Steve groaned and sat up, clasping either hand to Tony's jaw and licking into his mouth. "Tony," he panted, "Tony, Tony, Tony." Almost faster than Tony could track, he was flipping them so Tony was the one on his back, Steve straddling Tony's thighs, hunched over and moaning into the sheets. "Please," he whispered, hitching his hot, wet cock hitching along the crease of Tony's pelvis. "Please, please, I need—" Steve's hands slammed into the mattress on either side of Tony's head, his arms trembling.
Thor was in the kitchen already, his hands curled around a large glass stein. His eyes snapped to Tony with a knowing look when he dashed in. He was probably a mess, Tony realized, with his rumpled shirt and slacks, his lips bruised candy red and hair in complete disarray.
Steve grunted, deepening the kiss, sliding his hands up Tony's sides so he could tangle them in Tony's hair. He smelled so good — spicy and a little floral, some complex combination of his shampoo and the cologne he'd put on this morning. Tony hummed, clenching his fingers in the fabric of Steve's shirt.
"Nonsense, dear," Tony simpered, folding and unfolding his fingers one-by-one, watching the way the joints interconnected, how the servos whirred and vibrated under his skin. Steve's cup and undershirt hit the cement floor, then he moved on to yanking off the boots. "What's the point of having a billionaire fund you if you don't take advantage of the perks?"
"Mmm, that's what I like to hear," Tony murmured, still shifting back and forth in Steve's lap. "Lie back now, darling, let's get more comfortable." Tony's hands were so strong, yet so, so delicate — pianist's hands, Steve thought idly, his eyes drawn to the long, slender fingers and neatly manicured nails, his masculine knuckles dusted with dark hair, his wide, warm palms. Tony pushed at Steve, gently, until his back hit the bed, and then he was wrapping those beautiful fingers around Steve's cock and jacking him again, fast but light. "I'll never get tired of seeing you like this, my dear," Tony whispered, like it was a confession, his hand slipping messily along his wet dick, the fat cockhead flushed a deep plum and dribbling precome steadily all over the both of them.
"M' gonna have you again," Steve murmured, fingertips wrapping tight around Tony's hips. "Gonna fill you up again - full a' me."
— "Am I hurting you?" Steve asked, pressing both palms to Tony's cheeks, his thumbs rubbing soft circles against his temples. His hair was a mess and his eyes were red, and his skin had taken on that sweaty, ghost-like pallor that let Tony know he was in the middle of another rough wave of the stuff, but all he kept asking was—
and it was still so high? God, how long was Steve going to have to deal with this? How much of Steve's life was this nasty drug going to eat up? Were the Ultimates
"That's not what this is," Steve said, a bit harshly, squeezing the back of Tony's neck. Tony sniffed again, wrapping his arms more firmly around the toilet, and closed his eyes. "Hey, I'm being serious," Steve continued, trying to tamp back his temper before he went and made a mess of things. He ground his teeth together. "What, Tony Stark can be there for Steve Rogers, but no one can be there for Tony Stark, is that right?"
"'Tony's' just fine, my dear," Tony cooed, sucking at the sharp, stinging bite. "No need to elevate me to godhood, honey."
Some of the pieces required a little finagling because his skin had already healed over the glass, but most of it came out easily enough and Steve sighed in relief, almost, when the last shard was out and he could start scrubbing the soap over his face.
Steve let out a low breath, and nodded, leaning forward so he could reach down into the water. His fingers brushed the base of the plug and Tony gasped, hips twitching minutely before he stilled and spread his legs apart. His body was still soft, and pliant beneath Steve's fingers, and there might have been a groan out of one or both of their mouths as Steve slowly worked the plug out of Tony's body. When the tip of it finally slid out, Tony sighed, softly, let his head tip against the edge of the tub. Even that, just sitting in a bathtub with his soft, fucked-out asshole, was enough to have Tony panting for breath, anxious to close his eyes and just… sleep, for a minute or two.
"Go to sleep," Steve grunted, cuffing the side of Tony's head. Tony continued to wiggle in his arms, and Steve sighed, shifting the two of them so they were spooning, so Steve could thread their fingers together. "I'll still be here in the morning."
"Let me‒" Tony gasped, hands fumbling for Steve's belt, "Oh sugar, let me take that edge off for you."
"You're a fucking dipshit," Steve grumbled, spooning up behind him and wrapping his arms loosely around Tony's middle. "I want to sleep, Stark. My dick'll still be hard in an hour."
"Don't you worry, sweetheart, we'll make it stop," Tony promised, and waited for the calvary to arrive.
Thor frowned, drew a line through the condensation on his glass. "If you need anything," he said in lieu of a proper response, "do not hesitate to ask, Tony."
Steve's breathing stuttered, but he sped up his pace, let his fingers play at the head of his cock. It felt so— so
"What do you want?" Steve hummed, grabbing at Tony's leg with his free hand. He pulled it up, drawing Tony's knee to his chest almost, deepening the angle of his thrusts. Tony shouted, bucked back against it and sobbed into the sheets. His eyes ached, burned against the hot, shameful tears he felt welling up inside them. Tony rolled his hips back to meet Steve's, tried to clench his overworked asshole to make it feel good on Steve's cock. "What do you want, Tony?" Steve asked again, and sped up his hand, jacking Tony at an almost punishing pace.
Steve's hips slowed to a slow, sensuous grind, as if he needed that extra energy to concentrate. "Deal," he said, then bit down on Tony's neck, his hand twisting and squeezing over Tony's red, aching cock. Tony moaned out loud, and his gut twisted with heat at the sharp sting of teeth in his skin, the tight clench of Steve's fist on his dick. Steve's other hand, the one that had been holding him across his stomach, slid down past his cock and his balls, right over his perineum. He ground two fingers in hard, almost painfully so, and Tony sobbed and felt himself come, felt it spurt out his hot, angry dick and splash up his stomach, over Steve's fist and wrist. Steve groaned along with him, moaned and jerked when Tony's body clenched up tight around him, and then he was coming too, spurting hot and heavy again into Tony's wet, sloppy, leaking asshole. Gently, like Tony was made of spun glass, he lowered them back down to the bed, rolling them onto their sides so Steve wasn't crushing him.
Steve choked, moaning into Tony's mouth, then he dug his fingers in, flipped them over, and fucked him like he meant it.
"Tell me what you want," Steve murmured, soft and sex rough as he yanked Tony's panties to the side so he could tongue at Tony more thoroughly. When Tony began to buck his hips, Steve used his free arm to hold him down, and Tony just moaned underneath him again. "You gotta tell me how you feel today, honey," Steve whispered, breath hot against his ass, tickling the soft, sensitive flesh of his opening. Very gently, he began to circle his fingers around Tony's dick.
," Tony whispered, wrapped his arms around Steve's middle. He felt his own heart pounding as if it was going to burst from his chest, overlarge like the Grinch on Christmas morning.
"Don't forget to drink some of the lemon water before you head out. Hydration is very important," Terrance continued with a sly grin, patting a towel to the soles of Steve's feet. "Would you like any help getting dressed, Mr. Rogers?"
"Yeah, you look so sweet," Steve replied dreamily. "You did so great, tonight, sweetheart. I wanna thank you again." Tony squirmed, tried to wriggle out of Steve's hold, but Steve held firm, kept toying with the curls at the nap of Tony's neck. "No, you really did, Tony, you were so good. You took me so well, kept all of that come stuffed inside you for so long." A finger reached down to toy at the plug and Tony jerked, batting gently at Steve's chest. "Sorry, couldn't resist," Steve said unrepentantly, booping Tony on the tip of his nose. Tony grumbled, and Steve made a soft noise, gentling his movements so he could brush his fingers over the plug without Tony tightening up beneath him. "I'm gonna carry you to the tub now. You gonna be alright to keep the plug in for a little longer?"
"You… what?" Steve's breath caught. He felt off-kilter, out of time, like he'd just woken up again and found everything flipped on its axis, but this time it felt
Tony moaned, felt his head loll even heavier into Steve's sure, strong grip. Praise had always been one of
Tony was so hot inside, slick and velvety smooth, and Steve couldn't resist the growl that slipped from his lips as he slid that finger deeper inside, marvelling at the way his body clung to him like a vice. Steve rubbed his finger along the inside of that wet velvety heat and Tony gasped, a tiny "
of a plastic cap, and then Steve was sliding more lube inside him, painting his insides wet with it.
It was tight, and verging on the edge of too dry, but Steve was bouncing on his dick like a goddamn champion, and when Tony slipped lube-slick fingers up to the crack of his ass, he paused long enough for Tony to feed it into him and all around his cock to soothe the burn Steve had to be feeling inside of him. On the next slide, Steve sighed, his head tipping back to show off the long line of his throat, and Tony had to reach out and just— grab onto him, his thumbs fitting into the notches of Steve's hip bones, fingertips curling around his heated skin. Steve groaned, rolling his hips in sharp, rapid snaps; when he came there was a mix of pleasure and pain on his face, and all Tony wanted to do was reach up and smooth the tension from his face, to hold Steve's face in his hands and press soft, loving kisses to his lips and make love to him the way Steve
"Nuh-uh," Steve sang; his tongue danced around the rim of his asshole before very delicately probing inside, once, twice. "I know how you are, Shellhead," he continued affectionately, pressing a wet and messy kiss to the back of Tony's thigh; Tony felt his face flush even hotter. "Your comfort levels change on a day to day basis, and I want to make sure‒" Steve bit down lightly where Tony's ass met his thigh, "‒that nothing happens that you are not one-hundred-percent on board with." Steve moved back to suck and slurp at his ass and, oh god, Steve was touching him so
One, two, three tears squeezed themselves from Tony's aching eyeballs, cool against his hot and blushing cheeks, and Tony hurriedly sniffed at the sudden wetness in his nose and throat, jerked himself forward so that his lips were pressed to the swell of Steve's sac. His throat spasmed around the girth of Steve, the hot and pulsing cock in his ragged throat and drooling mouth, and Tony's eyes slid shut against the well of emotion he couldn't help but submerge himself in.
one. Tony could see Steve's cock jerk in his sweatpants, could practically see the precome dripping from his tip and wetting the soft cotton even further.
"Yeah, Shellhead, I got you, baby," Steve murmured, coaxing his mouth open with his fingertips. "Now just relax and let me do all the work." And Tony wanted to whine
They'd gone out to Iwasaki, a quiet little Japanese place along the river. The bitter chill of fall had set in, rain glazing the streets of New York grey, so they'd sat in a corner booth, staring out at the hazy evening sky, Steve polishing off a few bowls of chankonabe, Tony having a far more reasonable light cream stew. On the drive home, Steve had peppered kisses all up and down Tony's jaw, his neck, his face. Then they'd giggled at each other in the kitchen, trading lazy kisses in between pieces of fudge. When they'd finally dragged themselves to the living room in their attempt to watch a movie, Tony had been relaxed enough to let Steve slide his tie from his collar and drape it on the closest available surface, followed by his dress shirt, his undershirt. Steve had pressed him down on the couch and they'd laid there for‒ god, nearly an hour, Tony was shocked to realize, just... necking like teenagers.
It didn't take long (Tony wasn't particularly surprised, given how responsive Steve was) before Steve was tensing up underneath him, his hands and thighs trembling and a steady stream of
"Yes, well, this has been sufficiently mortifying," Tony said cheerily, followed by the sharp clink of glass. "If you'll excuse me, I have an appointment to get to."
"Well, we're not going to let that happen, darling," Tony murmured, and brought his knuckles to his lips for a kiss. "You could, um— could you get my duffel for me?"
Steve wasn't in the gym (like Tony expected he'd be), and he wasn't in Medical, so by the time he was knocking at the door to Steve's bedroom, Tony was about ready to pull his hair out from the stress.
"You doin' alright, Cap?" Tony asked, finishing off his water so Steve couldn't make any snide comments if he grabbed the gin. Tony saw his jaw tighten, but he nodded, his muscles bunching under the soft cotton jumpsuit as he visibly reined himself in.
"Shh," Steve soothed, finally leaning forward so he could pull the stopper out of the tub. Steve rinsed them off, grabbed a stack of towels from the warming rack on the wall, and toweled Tony ever-so-gently dry before wrapping him in one of his decadent fluffy robes the team always gave him shit for. "You please me so well," Steve murmured, grabbing Tony around the waist again so he could lift him up, carry him out and into the bedroom.
"I was hoping you'd say that," Steve murmured, setting the dildo back on the top of the dresser and gathering Tony up in his arms. Tony leaned up and Steve bent down and then they were kissing, Steve's lips hot and wet and slick as he licked into Tony's mouth, his hips grinding in slow circles against Tony's cock.
). "H‒I'm good," he slurred eventually, his jaw working to sound out the syllables slowly, saliva just beginning to drip from his mouth and into his goatee. God, he was a wreck.
Tony's breath hitched and he clenched his hole, tried to keep anymore of the come from dribbling out. "Y-yeah," he whispered shakily. "Really f-full."
"You've been barely conscious for a week!" Tony spat back, shaking so hard his teeth chattered. "You've been in pain every waking second under the influence of some kind of mind-altering
"I want—" Tony started hoarsely, low and sex-rough and jaggedly overused. "I want that," he whispered feverishly, blinked his heavy, tear-clumped lashes up at Steve. "Oh, oh darling, please, I— I want that s-so m-m-uch." God, it was embarrassing how badly he wanted it, wanted something he could wear when they— when they scened, maybe even
Hesitantly, Tony placed a hand on Steve's arm and he melted, a long, drawn-out moan ripping from his throat, and Tony almost wrenched his hand away before recognizing that that hadn't been a bad sound, but a very, very
, Tony thought deliriously, or maybe it was just the lack of oxygen as Steve's thrusts became shallower, just barely fucking in and out of Tony's throat and blocking off his windpipe. Steve's thighs trembled, his biceps flexed and tensed, and eventually Tony could feel him come, the hot spurt of him dripping down Tony's throat and choking him again as Steve just grinded hard and fast.
"Dialysis would only work if we saw the cells making their way to his endocrine system, but so far it all seems to be concentrated in the brain."
God Almighty, but there were too many could's in that spiel for Tony to be completely comfortable with this - for him to put his faith in a Goddamned
Steve's hand stilled, and he brought his other hand to tilt Tony's chin down to look at him. "If… that's why you're here," he whispered roughly, "I'd— rather you just... go."
"Sweetheart, I— I really just do not want to hurt you," Steve murmured, stroked his thumb across the sharp arc of Tony's cheekbone. "That's all. I swear it." An idea struck him then, had Steve gently disentangling them so he could dance around to the other side of the bed, slip his fingers gently under Tony's shoulder and thigh. "Scoot up a bit for me, sweetheart," Steve murmured, settling in behind Tony. He smoothed the palm of his hand down Tony's flank, careful of the hip and leg cast, brushed the inside of Tony's thighs. "Let me prove it to you, handsome," Steve whispered, hot and heavy in Tony's ear as his knuckles hit the soft, smooth skin of Tony's balls; Tony's breath punched out of him in a gasp, his legs instinctively spreading his legs a bit to allow Steve access as he tugged on the sac, played at it between his fingertips.
Steve hummed in consideration. If they were going to be here for awhile (God, how long had they been here already? Hours? A day? More than that?) it would be best for Tony if they used condoms (even… even if forgoing them meant it left him wet, and sloppy, and
"Hey, hey, there's nothing to be ashamed of here," Tony murmured, fingers gently scratching at a thick furred thigh. "You've been like this for hours, right? Anyone would be ready to go off." Steve snorted, his cheeks warming to a pretty shade of pink, and Tony took the small victory for what it was. "Now it looks like this fella still needs a little help," Tony continued with a grin, fingers wrapping one by one over the base of Steve's shaft. Steve grunted, his hips jumping, and he bit down on the fleshy part of his forearm. "Do you mind if I…?" Tony asked gently.
Steve looked up at Tony, starry-eyed and full of wonder, and he pressed another soft, gentle kiss to Tony's lips. He looked so— blissed, so serene, that Tony was tempted to check his blood right then and there, but lying there and doing nothing sounded way more appealing at the moment, so he just laid on top of Steve, panting roughly into his skin and trying to catch his breath as his cock slowly softened and slipped out of Steve's wet, loose asshole. Steve's own cock, thankfully, looked like it was calming down for the moment — the chafed skin looked like it was starting to heal already as it bobbed half-hard against his thigh.
"Steve!" Tony called out, nearly spilling his drink; Steve gave a full-body jerk and spun around, his shoulders heaving as he stared at Tony. He was gasping for breath, and his hair was plastered to his forehead from the sweat, and it took him a few seconds before he could talk.
"Lucky us," Tony said with a grin, crouching down to take a peek at the screen. "You think we'll get even luckier and the hard drive they're downloading to will be unencrypted? Or oooh, maybe it'll be
"That can't be too comfortable," Steve sympathized, peeling back the blanket and flipping his gown up so he could see the hot tip of Tony's dick, just starting to turn a little rosy red at the head. "Here—" Steve bit at his gloves, ripped them off with his teeth so he could sanitize his hands real quick, grab a tube of lube from one of the many pouches on his uniform.
Tony's ears burned, and he turned his focus down to the cooler in his arms. "I don't know who you've been talking to," Tony started steadily (far more steadily than he felt, actually), "but it is
"Shh," Steve whispered again. "'Gotta make sure you can get the dildo in first, Shellhead ‒ it won't do us any good to hurt yourself before we even start." And god, Steve was right, Tony had no business trying to rush him, if Tony got hurt before Steve had a chance to fuck him‒
"Oh— Steve, honey, oh my god—" Tony gasped, squirming under Steve's touch. Steve grinned, crooked his finger in a little deeper, luxuriating in the way that Tony shivered and moaned in front of him. When he slipped a second finger in him, Tony clamped up tight again, but Steve just held fast, kept his fingers still while Tony adjusted. "Steve, that— that feels so good, slugger, so good, I—" Tony moaned, bit back a keening whine as his body relaxed all at once, let Steve rub slow circles inside of him.
There it was. Tony heaved a hot, shuddering breath out, buried his face in his arms as he felt that self-conscious jittering heat wash over him, felt the way his ass spasmed and clenched over Steve's thumb and tried not to groan too loudly when Steve tugged on the loose (
Tony sucked at Steve's rim, let his tongue spill out from between his lips and lave along his crease, let it swirl around his hole and just barely dip into the quivering pink pucker. Steve could hear himself moaning, a constant
"Mm'I can get up," Tony managed; it took a few wobbly attempts and a strong arm from Steve, but Tony got to his feet and scooted across the living room, following Steve to the bedroom door.
"There's water on the jet," Steve said, clapping him on the shoulder as he walked by. And while apparently Steve was perfectly content with getting his feet all dirty, Tony was not.
Tony's back dipped and hit the bed and Steve was running his hands up Tony's stockings, spreading his legs and lifting them over his shoulders so he could lap at Tony's ass. Tony moaned, shifting in place, digging his fingers into the bedspread.
"Oh, I'm definitely insulting you," Steve murmured, his huge, hot hands sliding slowly down Tony's sides. Tony could feel Steve's cock, hot and hard and angry up against his backside, but aside from the soft hitch of his hips as Steve snuggled further in, he made no move to deal with it. "Now go back to sleep," he huffed and burrowed his nose in the crook of Tony's neck.
"A-ah," Tony slurred, jolting under another hard thrust. His ass squelched, the barely-there suction of his rim catching at Steve's dick before releasing with a wet, lewd noise. His whole body felt soft, and full, and God, every time he so much as moved without Steve there to plug him up, he leaked
Raw and tender emotion welled up in Tony's chest. "But it's hurting you," he whispered softly, hands sliding up to clasp over Steve's. "You told me it was."
"I got you, honey, I got you," Tony soothed and rubbed his hands, soft and soothing up and down Steve's flank. "Come on, baby - scoot up a bit." Tony urged him to shuffle forward, so that Steve's cock was slipping hot and damp against the skin of his cheek. "Yeah," Tony murmured, shivering. "Just like that, slugger. Now you just— just go to town, alright? If I need you to stop, I'll squeeze your thigh just like this." Tony squeezed Steve twice in quick succession, though if he was being fair it was more for Steve's benefit than his own. Who knew if Steve would even
"S'ok?" he rumbled, his hands digging into the soft flesh of Tony's waist, his hips hitching against Tony's. "S'ok? I can?"
"Yeah, fella, I got you," Steve murmured, gently petting the side of Tony's face. He got up from the bed and was back almost immediately, a pair of their smaller, daintier clamps dangling from his fingertips. "Gonna clamp your sweet little nipples now," Steve told him as he scooted back to Tony's side. "They're gonna rub themselves all raw and red with the cushion here, so you tell me if you need to break at all, okay Shellhead?"
, but then Steve's fat cockhead was sliding past that first ring of muscle. Steve and Tony both groaned, like it was punched out of them, and Steve surged up to kiss him as Tony began to slide deeper and deeper inside.
"What a good boy," Steve murmured, speeding up his strokes. Tony could hear the wet, slapping sound of Steve jerking him off, loud and booming in his ears, and couldn't help the sharp breath he let out, turned his head to one side to hide the heating of his cheeks again in Steve's warm skin. "You're so good, Tony," Steve continued, unaware or perhaps unheeding of Tony's hot embarrassment. "Look at you, baby. Gave me one of the sweetest french baths I've ever had and then let me throw you around like a caveman."
"Pot, kettle," Tony shot back with another wobbly smile. "I- I try my best, honey, and maybe I did get hurt today, but I also saved a bunch of people, and that's always gonna be a win in my books."
After another quick check on Steve, Tony ran through a mental list of everything they'd need to ride out this stupid drug. He'd need to run across the hall to his room for supplies; they would need towels, condoms, and lube, maybe some dental dams if Steve was feeling adventurous enough to let Tony put his tongue in his ass. Would Steve be lucid long enough for Tony to get him to shower? Tony wasn't sure, so he'd need a box of wet wipes, as well.
The sensation of movement inside him, sliding hot and soft in his belly, had him sighing, and before long Tony felt like he was full of it to bursting. This wasn't his first rodeo; Tony gave himself enemas fairly regularly (for reasons both sexual and medical), but it still surprised him every time he saw the muscles in his abdomen softening, how everything just sort of… ballooned up under the pressure. He could feel it now, well up into his stomach, the strain and mild cramping, the slight urgency in his lower belly, and Tony felt himself whimper, just a hair. Even then, it was another minute or so before Steve finally turned the tap off, and then he was running his fingertips through Tony's sweat- and water-damp hair.
wrong with him, and short of suiting up and forcibly dragging him up to the infirmary, there was nothing Tony could really do about it if Steve didn't agree with him. His fingers brushed against the emergency shut off and Steve's hand shot out quick like lightning, the fingers of his big, warm hand wrapped tight around Tony's wrist.
"Steve," Tony whispered gently. "Sweetheart, I know it's hard for you right now, but I want you to listen to me, okay?" This was— this was all kinds of wrong, Tony, he was just as bad as Tiberius Stone, he was as bad as
Thor frowned in thought, stared down at the swirling amber liquid in his glass. "It is a most admirable venture you are undertaking," he said then, lifting the stein to take a modest sip, "but I would... caution you to be careful, Tony. I do not wish to see my friend hurt."
"You misunderstand me," Thor murmured, finishing off his drink and setting it to the side. He looked up at Tony with wide, earnest blue eyes, like he could fucking see every sick, twisted thought in his head (and he was a god, so who knew? Maybe he actually could). "It is never 'just sex' with you, Tony," Thor said then, his hands clasped together on the table, his arms bunching as if he was holding himself back from doing something sentimental like reaching out and hugging Tony or some other such nonsense.
"Sorry, sorry, I'm sorry—" Tony stuttered, jerking back, but Steve guided Tony's face to his again, sucked another hot, wet kiss from Tony's lips.
"Yeah," Steve breathed, soft and a little shy, and then he was dragging a hand through Tony's hair and down to his jaw to thumb the corner of Tony's mouth open so he could feed his cock between Tony's lips.
"Come on back to me, baby," Steve murmured, twisting at his nipple again. Tony keened, but jerked his attention forward, eyes wide and glassy as he stared up at Steve. "There you are," he praised. "I'm gonna cuff your wrists down and then I'm gonna make sure you're still ready for the fun, alright?"
—" he sobbed, his hips stuttering and trying to eke out the last vestiges of pleasure from his sweat-soaked, tired body.
"Calories," Tony murmured with a lazy hand wave in the direction of probably-a-cooler, and Steve snorted out a laugh and shoved a piece of his own protein bar in Tony's mouth, his thumb lingering on his lower lip afterwards.
"Look at you, huh?" Steve murmured, thumbs sliding slickly down the curve of Tony's backside, ass spread wide around the fat, heaving spear of Steve's dick. Steve rolled his hips, the motion made smooth through the mess of lube and come; it foamed up around Steve's cock, dripping and sloshing from Tony's soft, sloppy rim, and when Steve leaned forward to whisper in his ear, Tony shuddered, hard. "You were so tight at first, but you're pretty loose now, huh sweetheart?" Steve murmured.
"—rvis, thank you. And could you be a dear and bring me my pills?" Tony asked, and there was a soft, soothing touch in his hair. Oh, Tony was petting him. Normally, Steve would be irritated, would be throwing a fit over the intimacy, the— the
"My gorgeous guy," Steve was still murmuring, his hips rolling and out of Tony at a steady pace. His hands were cradling Tony's stomach now, the outward bulge of it made obscene by the framing of Steve's thumbs and fingertips on either side of him. "You're so full of me," he sighed, blissed, fingers caressing Tony's hips, the usually sharp vee of his pelvis made soft from the evidence of Steve's love for him, Steve's pleasure. Steve groaned, pressed his lips to the crook of Tony's shoulder. "Thank you so much for this, honey," he murmured. "I-I don't know how to tell you how beautiful you are. My beautiful boy, you're so good for me, Tony - thank you."
"I've got you," Steve whispered hotly; the plug pulled free and was tossed to the side without a care as Steve grabbed his cock and fed it into the soft, wet heat of Tony's insides. Tony choked, gasped against the feel of it, pushing his face into the pillow. Steve hummed again, moaning softly as he fucked in and out of Tony, slow, unhurried, a barely-there rocking of his hips that had his cock rubbing insistently over Tony's prostate. "I've got you, sweetheart," Steve whispered, and reached over to fondle Tony's half-hard dick.
Another moan, almost a shout, burst from Steve's lips, and his cock jerked wetly against his stomach, a thin dribble of come spurting from the tip that Tony immediately zeroed in on and sucked from the sweet, hot, velvety skin of him. "
"I'm the lucky one," Tony murmured, shutting his eyes against the tight well of emotion rising up inside him. When Steve leaned over to kiss him again, Tony moaned, let Steve lick into his mouth, take what he wanted from Tony. He could feel his orgasm building, the tight, steady pressure building in his cock and his balls, how the pressure in his stomach seemed to… enhance everything, from the rolling fullness in his belly to the heat in his ass, his cock. Tony whined, shouted, felt tears prick at his eyes. "Steve, I-" Tony gasped, clenched his hands into fists to keep them from shaking. "
," Tony moaned, squirming against Steve in the way that told him this was one of Tony's 'out there' kinks, that he was a little self-conscious about the whole thing.
And it wasn't that Steve was against pleasure; Steve was probably one of the most responsive people he'd ever been with. He loved when Tony blew him, when he sucked that hot, huge monster of a dick down his throat, and Tony loved how surprised Steve was when he did it, every time, like he didn't expect Tony to want to put Steve's big, beautiful cock as far down his throat as he could (even when it made him choke and gag, and spit dribble down his mouth and jaw). He turned such a pretty coral pink, a rosy hot flush from his cheeks down to his sweet, perky nipples, even as far as his abs and thighs when he started getting close, the juddering shake and tightening of his thighs warning Tony of his impending orgasm. The harder he came, the longer his respite from the drug was, Tony noticed, so he made it his sole mission to make every orgasm even better than the last.
, the way Steve was gently rolling his hips, the soft rocking of his hot, heavy cock against his insides. He could handle it when it was hurried and rough, when Steve was too out of it to have any real coherency, but this… this soft-spoken, sweet Steve that acted like he was making
There was a gasp, loud in the quiet of their bedroom, and Tony flushed to realize it was him, tipped his chin towards the ground in a sudden burst of shyness.
He loved the smells of mint and lavender and whatever the fuck else Cindy put in that delectable body scrub, loved the combination of hot wax and pain-plus-adrenaline that came with getting his legs and feet waxed, the way Miranda slowly buffed all the nicks and imperfections his nails and cuticles got from working with machinery day in and day out. Most of the time, people calling him 'Mr. Stark' day in and day out set his teeth on edge ("Mr. Stark was my father,
"Iron Man," Cap piped up, off comm. Tony whirled around, silencing his own comm, and stomped over, boots crunching glass and debris under foot. "These still look intact," Cap said once we was closer and—lo and behold—the screen was still glowing and what looked to be in the middle of a massive data download.
Steve's breath left him in a whoosh, chest heaving, his nipples just poking out of his top. Tony couldn't help himself ‒ he dipped his head forward and latched onto one nipple, then the other, alternating between sharp bites and wet, lathering laps of his tongue.
, he tried to say with every atom of his body, huffing in little breaths through his nose as he tried to take in the rest of Steve, tried to make him understand that
, letting his jaw drop and his throat soften as the fat head of Steve's cock slip past his lips and onto his tongue. Steve moaned, the sound of it wrenched from deep in his chest, and Tony moaned back, tongue catching at the precome as Steve began to rock his hips back and forth.
Steve moaned, low and desperate, and Tony could feel his insides coating hot with come, with Steve's come, felt it splashing and sloshing as Steve's hips jerked messily through the aftershocks, still valiantly massaging Tony's cock and‒ god, he was so close‒
Tony moaned, rubbing his forehead back and forth against Steve's skin. "I can‒ I can do that, Winghead," he stuttered, legs already trembling in anticipation of how raw he was going to be later, how slick and open, and
Tony moaned suddenly, his gut clenching and throbbing as he lowered himself to swallow down more of Steve, throat rumbling and spasming as he pulled out all the stops, tried to make it as good as possible for Steve despite how short this blowjob was going to be‒
He'd changed, obviously, since earlier: clad in a plain white tee and a pair of loose grey sweatpants. But Steve was currently hunched over the side of the bed, fists clenched, his head hanging heavy and his hips in the air, and—and
, a bit less overwhelming now that Tony was just lying there enjoying the show, but at the same time he missed Tony's fingers on him, his most intimate places, the ones that Tony always seemed to be able to coax the most explosive pleasures from. Tony hummed, pressed a kiss to the underside of Steve's jaw, and he had to drop his cock from the sudden need growing in his belly. "
"Mmm," Steve rumbled, cock lazily sliding in and out of Tony's ass. Tony felt another gush of come splash his insides, and he shuddered, shuddered again when he felt Steve reach down and drag Tony's duffel bag onto the bed. Tony could tell when he found it, the way Steve's body went still all at once before he whispered hotly in Tony's ear, "S' that so?"
"Yeah, I've got you, Tony," Steve said, played his fingers around the head. He leaned forward, mouth falling open so his tongue could dart out to lap at the precome there.
along his prostate, and then it slipped in all at once, and Tony could feel his body closing in around the plug, felt the jeweled base of it snug against hole as Steve pressed his hand over it, pushing it bruisingly, punishingly hard against his sweet spot again. "There we go," he murmured hotly. "It's all inside you now."
because of you," Steve continued, brushing his lips to Tony's brow, pressing Tony's cheek against his shoulder. "You fucking idiot," Steve whispered, burying his face to Tony's hair. "I don't want anyone else but
It was… it was selfish, Steve knew, to be thinking like this, thinking of him and Tony closer than Steve had ever been with another man, hoping- hoping maybe closer than Tony had been with another man, too? He said he usually insisted, so... did that mean...? Sitting here and thinking about it, it was like a dam bursting on all his perfectly-controlled restraint, and he could feel the hazy rage of the drug tickling at his consciousness once more.
Steve bit his lip again and twisted the doorknob to the bedroom, sliding one arm around Tony's waist to lead him gently in. Tony saw it almost immediately, right at the foot of the bed, and‒ Oh. Huh.
Tony whined, squeezed his legs together, and tried not to embarrass himself as Steve continued to fuck his face. His jaw ached, spit dripped down his cheeks and chin, and Tony could feel his throat start to flutter and choke as Steve seemed to show no sign of slowing down. One of the thrusts hit particularly hard, and Tony gagged, coughed around the hot length of him, but Steve just moaned and sped his thrusts even further. Another whine, almost a yelp, ripped its way from Tony's throat, and Tony had to reach down and squeeze at his balls, had to hump the air above him to try and get some friction on his dripping, over-sensitive cock. God, he wanted Steve's dick in his mouth forever, could write a fucking epic on how good it felt to have the man jam his cock down his convulsing, raw, overworked throat. His thrusts weren't particularly long, but they were deep and they were
"Now, now, darling, that was just the warm-up. You're not done already, are you?" Tony purred, brushing the back of his hand to Steve's cheek. Steve could smell himself, the evidence of his own wet neediness on Tony's hand, and his cock jerked again, another stream of precome trickling from the tip.
Tony was quiet for a moment, and then he was squeezing Steve's hand, so tightly, his other hand coming up so he could pet at their interlocked fingers. "Promise?" he asked lowly.
Tony gasped, shuddered under the weight of it, the way Steve was still lazily rolling his hips in and out of Tony's ass. Steve smiled, massaged along the outside of Tony's thighs, spread them wide enough that Tony could feel the stretch in his hips, felt the way his stomach released its tension all at once. Steve hummed, sliding his hands up and around so he could cup his big hands on either side of Tony's stomach. Tony moaned again. "That's a boy," Steve whispered, rubbed at his round, protruding belly. "I knew you could do it, look at you - all perfect n' full'a me."
," Tony moaned, breath hitching, saliva pooling his his mouth and throat. Steve just gave Tony another tug at his cock and the clamp, flicking at the tightened nub between the prongs. "Steve, honey, baby, please," he babbled, and there it was, spit dripping from the corners of his mouth, down his chin, into his goatee. The machine sped up once more, the vibrations turned up a notch, and Tony couldn't stop himself from writhing around the machine, bucking his hips back and forth as it fucked into him, steady and buzzing under his skin and he moaned, panting wetly into Steve's shoulder. "Steve, Steve, Steve‒" Tony sobbed.
"Mm, I don't need it," Steve said, petting a hand through Tony's hair. "M' fine with just sittin' here with you."
"Mmm," Steve agreed, nosing the curls at the nape of Tony's neck. "My pleasure, Shellhead." Tony felt Steve's hips start to move again, the steady, back and forth rocking. Had Steve gone soft, even once? "Mm, I haven't," Steve murmured, and Tony flushed to realize he'd asked the question out loud. "How could I when I've got such a gorgeous guy in my arms?" Steve sat up, pulling Tony up with him so Tony was kneeling in front of Steve, the rolling swell of his belly out on display. Tony could hear Steve's cock, the squelching, sucking back and forth of it in and out of his hole, could feel the heat of it well up in his ass, practically up in his chest. And Tony, he- he knew that was impossible, Steve's dick wasn't
shaking. "No, no—I, it's—ah, it's good," Tony murmured, his voice catching, letting his legs slowly relax back down to the bed. "I'm infuriatingly sensitive," he whispered then, like it was shameful, his face a beautiful shade of plum and cream and coffee, his lips pulled into a frown behind his beard and mustache. "But I— ah, it didn't hurt. I liked it. Maybe too much," he admitted, ducking his face into his shoulder.
"Tony, no—" Steve managed, and oh God, his throat felt so hot and tight, like he'd been gargling glass. His eyes felt so wet. God, if he lost it here with Tony, he didn't think he'd ever be able to look him in the eye again. "Tony, please, I-I,
He bit it back, but Steve could still feel the whimper tearing out of his throat, the fine tremor in his hand as he wrapped his fingers around his— his sweet, drooling cock.
"Hey, hey," Steve shushed, leaned forward to curl his free hand around Tony's jaw so he could pull him closer, slot their lips together for a hot, wet, messy kiss. "Your face is already bruised up, Shellhead, I don't wanna make it any worse." Steve could see when it hit Tony - that awful, twisted feeling of rejection that always tore him up inside, and Steve kissed his lips again, brushed them across his nose, his cheekbones, in a desperate attempt to try and lessen the sting. "Tony, honey, you know I don't mean it like that, I- sweetheart, I just
"Don't worry then, my dear, I've got you," Tony whispered, lifting up on his knees and grabbing the base of Steve's cock from him. "I've got you darling, just let go, I've got you—" He sank down, probably more quickly then he should've, but there was lube on Steve's dick and his ass was still a little soft, so it was only minorly uncomfortable—not nearly as bad as what Steve had to be feeling. Tony rolled his hips, grit his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut and tried to work Steve's cock further into him.
"H-honey," Tony gasped, even as he rocked back into it. Steve just hummed and spread him further, almost luxuriating in the slide of his hot, slick dick over Tony's hole as he rutted up against his ass. He moaned quietly, a satisfied sound, and then he was reaching down to slowly guide his cock back towards Tony's hole, the other hand grasping the back of one thigh and lifting him effortlessly in the air so he could let gravity do the work for them. Tony felt loose and sore and tender, and there was a moment of clarity where Tony thought
Tony was at Steve's side before he knew it, his hands hovering scant centimeters above the skin, and he- he didn't know what to
"M-mm-mm," Tony hummed, shaking his head wildly from side to side. Steve fingered his balls again, and Tony gasped and writhed in his grip. "C-came close once or twice. My refractory period isn't yours, y'know? Didn't really see the point."
"That's because they got it from us," Jan whispered, staring down at her computer screen in horror. "This is— this is based on one of the formulas Hank and Bruce and I were working on for the Hulk."
"O-oh that's fine, honey," Tony whispered; Steve could see him starting to get a slightly-glazed look about him, his cheeks a little flushed, breath coming a little quicker. When Steve spread a bit of lube around the sweet tender head of him, bare of any foreskin, Tony shivered and his cock swelled a little, stiffening up nice under his fingertips. "R-really, it's fine," Tony insisted. His uninjured hand darted out to curl around the groin of Steve's pants, and Steve realized with a startling shock of pleasure that he was
-" Steve's hips jerked, and he hit that sweet spot inside of Tony, who jolted underneath him and dug his fingernails into the meat of Steve's back. Tony breath hitched on a whine, and Steve felt the most glorious pressure clenching around his cock, working him from the inside out. "Steve-" Tony gasped, and Steve had to drop to his elbows so he could kiss him, so he could grab at Tony's thighs and wrap them around his waist and drive his dick in deep and hard and long and feel every microscopic twitch that Tony gave as he rolled his hips and fucked him harder and deeper. Maybe Tony would leave marks on him, Steve thought with a shiver, angry red fingernail marks that Steve could look at in the mirror after and remember what it felt like to be so deep inside him he wasn't sure where he ended and Tony began. Maybe they'd-
, he was an embarrassment. "P-please, just— can we just finish, Steve?" Tony pleaded, sniffing and rubbing at his face with the back of his wrist. His body
Steve was still shaking. "O-o-okay," he stuttered, squeezed his thumb hard on his cock, just under the head. "Yeah, okay, Tony."
"Sign me up for the next available slot," Tony murmured, signing his name at the bottom of the form. He took a swig from his thermos, some fruity vodka concoction he'd thrown together in the limo. "And I'll see you Monday for chemo."
Steve shuddered; he didn't think he'd be able to say it out loud, but— but maybe if he showed him, Tony would understand anyway. He grabbed the bottle of lubricant again, squeezed a liberal amount onto his palm, slicked the cool gel across his aching, burning cock. Steve gasped, and he thought he might have heard Tony gasp with him. When he leaned forward, looming over Tony, one hand on the bed and the other on his dick, he had to hold back a whimper, had to bite back the urge to just shove his dick into Tony and go to fucking town. "D-don't," he panted, loud in the empty room around them. "Don't let me hurt you."
"God, his readings are off the charts," another woman murmured, grimacing at the number readouts on her screen. "Captain, I need you to take some deep breaths, okay? Your heart rate is spiking again."
, and he panted into the junction of Steve's neck, while Steve rubbed soft and steady circles against Tony's lower back. "'Till then, I'm just gonna sit back and enjoy the show, okay baby? Think you can do that for me?"
Tony hesitated, then very slowly shuffled forward and laid his head on Steve's shoulder, wrapping his arms around Steve's middle, tangling them as close together as humanly possible. "No takebacks," Tony murmured, ever so slightly shaking in Steve's grasp. "Even when I get annoying and my hair falls out and I lock you out of my lab for not wiping the mud off your boots and tracking it all over my sterile work environment."
"Right‒ right back at you, pumpkin," Tony managed, rocking back again, pleased when all he felt was a soft burn, like a good warm-up stretch before a workout. "Oh, oh,
Tony gasped, a shiver twisting down his spine, when one of Steve's palms slid down his hip, up the back of his thigh to cup under the globe of his ass. "Steve—" he choked out, and Steve's grin sharpened, his eyes slitting like a cat's as he massaged the meat of his ass. His other hand splayed across Tony's groin, fingers framing the obscene jut of his cock, hot and needy and dripping with his desire, and the tight swell of his balls practically vibrating with their need to come. "Steve—" Tony tried again.
in his ear, gently coaxing his dick harder and harder till Tony thought he might actually start crying.
it felt. "No, no, darling, just leave it at the door and text me after. You saw what Steve did to Thor when I answered the door in my robe, didn't you?
"That's my boy," Tony murmured, burying his nose into Steve's hair and inhaling deeply. "That's my good, good boy, Steve, thank you," he praised and Steve felt awful, mortifying tears prickling behind his eyes. When Steve gasped another lungful in, he cried out, just a hair, and Tony hummed and kissed him again, ran a hand soothingly down his flank. "I tried to push you too hard too soon, I think," Tony said eventually, lips brushing Steve's cheekbones. "That's my fault, darling, I'm so sorry."
. Steve's other hand tightened in his hair, and Tony made a broken noise, high in the back of his throat.
"I'm fine," Tony gasped out; he wrenched his arm back so Steve could see the red in his face, how blown his pupils were. He took in another deep, stuttering breath. "I d-don't think I can handle you‒ there," he finished lamely, grimacing. It was fairly tight on the best of days, and considering how hard of a time he had even taking Steve anally, having sex… the other way left Tony usually feeling a messy mix of emotions he didn't like to mix with how he felt about Steve. "Fingers and mouth are fine," he continued eventually, grimacing at himself. Of all the things to
"Sorry about that, darling," Tony said, breezing through the door with a flourish. "I tried to get away sooner, but you know how work is sometimes."
. "You damn self-sacrificing idiot," he murmured, albeit fondly as he dragged Tony's knuckles up for a kiss. "You need to take care of yourself better."
"Steve, we need to do something," Tony said gently, flipping to another tablet so he could see the latest scans of Steve's limbic system. "At this rate you're going to have a stroke."
, that he wanted to do the work, that he was the champion of cock sucking, but Steve had said relax, so Tony
for you." Then he was sitting up, fumbling in the bedside table for the lube they kept there, and when Steve laid back down, knocking their foreheads together, Tony wasn't at all surprised to find warm, slick fingers rubbing at the cleft of his ass, between his cheeks, circling around the edge of his hole. Wet fingers flicked the straps of Tony's garter belt, then unclipped them oh-so-gently, leaving them to lay against Tony's thighs and Tony moaned, the sharp humiliation of it crawling up his neck in a hot flush, like he really was Steve's toy, something to be fucked and used and‒
"Uh…" Steve faltered, a frown twisting his lips. "No… no, that's alright, Jon, thanks. I'll just—" Steve pointed at the door behind them, already turning and stalking out. He focused on just breathing for a minute: in through the nose, out through his mouth, trying not to let his anger get the best of him.
"Well, good," Steve replied, reaching out one hand to flick his fingers lightly against Tony's. "That's the whole point of this."
"D-do you want me to get a condom?" Tony asked, his eyes wide and dark up at Steve. "I mean, I'm— I'm clean, but I know you're immune to, well, to almost anything, we've learned," he murmured with a quirking half-grin, garnering a wry huff of a laugh from Steve, "and I mean some guys prefer less mess, so."
"Alright then," Steve said, petting down Tony's spine. "I'm going to take it out now. And you can just let it all out, alright?"
"Y-you-you know h-how I'm always— willing to take one for the team," Tony said, trembling, his hips hitching and rolling against the sweet sweet pressure of Steve's hand against him.
, and tilting his face up to meet his. "Tony," Steve said brokenly, and oh god, now Steve was crying too, he was so fucking
Steve whimpered messily, but then he was falling back into Tony's field of vision, hair all askew and eyes wide and blown with lust. "Sorry Shellhead," he murmured, pressing a messy kiss to the side of Tony's face, and then the machine sped up, vibrating ever so slightly, and Tony swore as it as it shifted into place, grazing his prostate and lighting him up from his chest to his toes.
Steve snorted and shook his head. "Jumped right over the railing, about a dozen floors down," he replied, brushed his thumbs across the dainty skin on Tony's brow. "You feel like you're gonna be sick again?" Steve asked gently, and Tony shook his head.
Steve rubbed in hard against his perineum, sped his hand up, and when Tony's orgasm finally hit it seemed to punch through him, stars flashing behind his eyelids, his heart beating out of control in his chest. He might have passed out for a second. When he came to, Steve was holding him in his arms, rubbing a hand soothingly up and down Tony's backside, murmuring sweet endearments in his ear. Tony blinked, slowly, felt the sluggishness in his limbs as he tried to turn further into Steve's hold.
. He pressed one long, sucking kiss to Tony's abdomen. "Say that again after I show you how I look in my new outfit," he said, eyes glittering with mischief as he licked slowly at his lips.
Steve moaned and bit down on his lip, but he shook his head, brushing the hair from Tony's face as he put them at arm's length. "Not tonight, Shellhead," he whispered, darting in quick to suck on the edge of Tony's ear, like he couldn't quite help himself. "We are gonna get you nice and‒ and wet, and ready for me, and then I'm going to fuck you." Someone whined, and Tony realized with a jolt of mortification that it was
Tony sobbed brokenly, fighting the urge to bury his face in the covers. "I'm good, honey, I'm good," he said, voice hitching as Steve circled his fingers. "Honey,
All the air seemed to leave the room. Steve would've sworn he was alone if not for the warm, comforting presence of Tony pressed up against him. But Tony didn't move, seemed to be made from stone; Steve couldn't even feel him
Tony was going to say yes, "‒but I had a feeling it was something you wanted to try, and," A hot flush crawled across Steve's neck, coloring his cheekbones, his chest, and turning nipples a deep, dark red. "And you've mentioned before, how, how nice it'd be, for me to just be able to‒ to slip right in and‒"
Tony slid into his arms, wrapping his hands firmly around Steve's middle, his lips pulling back into a wide smile, his eyes sparkling. Okay, maybe it really had been work, Steve conceded, drinking in the sight of Tony's genuine, private expression of happiness that never really left their shared bedroom. "Hi," Tony murmured, stepping up on his tiptoes so he could press a warm kiss to Steve's lips. His beard scratched pleasantly across Steve's lips and jaw.
's spilling from his lips, and there was barely a warning tug in Tony's hair before Steve was coming in thick, hot pulses, that sweet come filling up his mouth and spilling out his lips. God, it was all he could taste, that warm musk of Steve on his tongue and in his throat, the scent of him in his nose, the feel of him underneath him. Steve was still shuddering when Tony sat up, his throat and knees a little sore, but none the worse for wear, and he looked up at Tony through lust-blown eyes before he surged forward and kissed him, licking the taste of himself from Tony's lips. "Don't leave," Steve sobbed into his mouth. "Please don't go."
"Don't hold back," Tony slurred, sucking at the spit dripping out of his mouth. "Go to town, honey—Steve, please—"
Something crackled between them. "Good boy," Tony praised, and then his lips were wrapping around his swollen, aching cockhead, the pad of one beautiful finger sliding up between his cheeks. Steve choked, felt his legs splay apart even further as Tony reached back and just… rubbed at his pucker, circled it around and around oh-so-slowly, the hot sucking heat around his dick the perfect counterpoint to the dry scratch against his hole.
Tony pinched his inner thigh, hard, and Steve swore loudly, just barely keeping his hand from flying out to smack Tony in the face. When Steve looked at him, his eyes were glittering, an unrepentant grin on his face. "You looked like you needed a hand," he teased, and Steve snorted, let his head drop back down to the sheets with a sigh. Tony's smile softened. "Need a break, handsome?"
"You don't need to do that, Stark, I heal up quick," Steve murmured, jerking his hands out of Tony's grip.
It was a little different, Steve could tell, even without really knowing the concrete details. He could take in the details of Tony's face as he beamed down at Steve, lubed up his thighs, guided Steve's cock through the slick, tight heat of them. "He was my butler," Tony murmured some time later, so soft Steve could barely hear it. "He raised me. I never got to say goodbye, you know? So why should I have to?" He reached down between them to stroke Steve's dick and everything turned dizzyingly hot and hazy. "I'm dying anyway, so if I want to spend my last months pretending that Jarvis is still alive, then I damn well will."
Tony sighed, kicked his socked heel against the tile floor. "Who else is going to do it?" he asked, even though his chest was burning with selfish possessiveness.
"Hey, hey, you're being plenty good, mister," Steve soothed, running a hand down his flank. "You are making it so good, I— Tony?" Tony sobbed again, his breath hitching as he buried his face into the sheets, but Steve just rolled Tony back over, his dick pulling out of Tony with a wet, sucking noise that had heat flooding his cheeks. "Tony? Are you crying?" Steve asked gently, some awful, hideous frown marring his perfect features.
"You're hard," Steve said, slowly, like he was still piecing it together, but it still sent a rush of heat to Tony's face and neck, intense enough he was sure Steve could see it. "For— for me. For me?" Steve sighed, his pretty golden lashes fluttering, and began to rub the heel of his hand against Tony through his slacks. Tony did moan this time, loud through his teeth and the hands he'd covered his face with.
"Tony, Tony, Tony," Steve panted, whined really, his thighs flexing under him as Tony sucked and slurped and dribbled spit from his lips down to his goatee. Steve moaned again, and Tony showed mercy, slowly pulled his mouth off of him with a slick
"I usually prefer the latter," Steve quipped back with a little quirk of a grin; he wrapped his fingers around the base of Tony, squeezed at him, and Tony jolted out a moan, clutching at the starchy hospital sheets beneath him. "I can't really get you off like this, I don't think," he continued, alternating between just rubbing his fingertips over Tony's dick and squeezing at the shaft of him. "Not with this tube in 'ya — I don't wanna hurt you, after all."
, something he could wear under his clothes and could touch when he wanted to think of Steve and how he thoroughly owned him—
"Stay right here, honey," Steve said then, pressing a kiss to the sensitive skin behind his ear. Tony shuddered, and nodded, and Steve stood up so he could drag the cushion back off the bed.
"You are, Tony," Steve said again, rubbing the tightly-wound muscles behind Tony's ears. "You're so very good to me, always. You're the best," he promised, dropping a kiss to Tony's hair. "I'm so— honored, that you go so sweet for me, that you let me give you what you need. That you give me what
," Tony begged, hips rolling up to meet his. "Honey, sugar muffin please‒ come on big boy, I wanna feel you come in me‒" Steve swore, fingers working furiously at Tony's dick even as he could feel Steve's thighs beginning to tremble, his hips begin to stutter. "That's right, stud," Tony moaned, clenching again to work him from the inside, feeling warmth starting to spread from his toes up. "Come on, big guy, you can do it, honey bunches‒"
"—netrative sex for at least four to six weeks," Dr. Nguyen was saying behind the curtain. Steve felt ill. "The stitches should dissolve on their own in about ten days."
"They're gonna how much you needed me, Tony," Steve whispered hotly, reaching around to gently grasp Tony's semi-flaccid cock. Tony moaned, his good leg bouncing; Steve could see his face had gone all hot, flushed down to his neck and shoulders. He grinned, gave Tony's pretty little cock a soft, even squeeze. "Don't come, baby," Steve reminded him with a soft kiss to the back of his neck.
It wasn't long before Steve was squirming, before he was actively holding off his orgasm, his legs shaking and teeth digging into his lip in an attempt to stave it off. "O-oh, Tony, Tony— I can't, stop, I- I'm too close, I—" Steve stuttered, shaking his head. Tony immediately let go and Steve's dick slapped up against his stomach, and Steve nearly sobbed at the intense
