And isn’t that what Sherlock’s always been? Warmth, and comfort, and
He knows Mycroft’s brilliant, and dependable, and certainly as intelligent as Sherlock himself. Maybe more so, in certain areas. Beyond that, he’s Sherlock’s big brother - it’s instinctive for Sherlock to put his trust in him, to believe that he’s right. Except he just can’t be, not this time. There is nothing - nothing - about John Watson that says he could be capable of spying on his friends for ex-Death Eaters. Every molecule of Sherlock’s body is screaming that this is flat out wrong.
be the kitchen, anyway.
. With you I would. I do, with you, I do." Sherlock puts his mouth over John's again, his hands coming up to splay wide across John's shoulder blades and press their chests together as the kiss deepens.
John's eyes are closed when he feels the weight of Sherlock settling beside him, the sofa dipping down. Sherlock sits there for at least five minutes before he moves a muscle. When he does, it's to lay a warm palm against the small of John's back. The touch is unexpected, and intimate, overwhelming in it's comfort. It's a touch unlike any they've shared before. It means something different, it's a line crossed. John breathes out staggeringly hard.
right. John very nearly feels at home in his own skin again - his belly full of Mrs Hudson’s cooking, his jumpers and jeans folded tidily in their -
They don’t talk about themselves much, or what’s changed between them. Sherlock’s trying to heal, which is both consuming and tiring, and John’s comfortable in his natural role as the caretaker. Once, Sherlock awakens to John’s mouth pressed against his hair, whispering something sweetly but unintelligibly. Sherlock pretends he’s still asleep, strains to try and discern what John’s saying. He thinks he hears a
“I do, rather. But where on earth did it come from? And what have you done with our old chairs?”
John cleared his throat and stood up. "Well. Best get some laundry going."
Oh, fuck. Not now.
at that, and his head thumps back against the door. "Oh, Sherlock. Me too. Oh god, I..." One hand comes up, fingers twining frantically in Sherlock’s hair as his hips pump forward against air, against nothing. Sherlock watches, John’s cock tenting the front of his jeans, those muscular hips rutting, looking for the press of Sherlock against him. Sherlock slips an arm slowly between them and palms John hard, watches John’s face go slack, eyes fluttering shut, as he thrusts his cock against Sherlock’s hand.
“I know we will. We’re practically legendary - Scotland Yard would fall without us.”
,” I moaned, pushing back against him and mouthing messily at the side of his jaw.
“Well, I do. I’m not
Then something clicks in his muddled mind. Something's off. Something’s missing. “Where’s your stuff?”
“Sorry, sorry,” he slurred against my mouth, and gripped my hip with a sticky hand. “Did I hurt you?”
“It was worth it.” John squeezes Sherlock closer, stares up at the ceiling, refusing to acknowledge the hot tears slipping into his hair.
. Something went wrong last time.” John can hear the venom in his voice. Doesn’t care.
It's too much. John can't look into those perfect eyes any longer, not when they're having this conversation. He takes his coffee between both hands and gets up, paces over to the evidence wall and stares at it with unseeing eyes.
His mouth ticked up at the John-ness of that statement, and nodded. He stepped into the hallway and put the phone to his ear.
you?"
John's expression softens, and he leans forward and grasps Sherlock by the forearms. "Come up here."
"Well, it's just, you know. Breathing." Sherlock doesn't take his legs from round John's hips, though.
John pulls them both into a long warm shower. Sherlock is as loose limbed as a sleeping child. John lets Sherlock use him for support, draping his long body over John's small frame while John washes him gently with a soapy cloth and then wraps him in a clean towel.
John’s spent his entire life not being sure. Never sure of his parents’ volatile moods, of whether there was money enough to buy food that week. He’s lacked faith in his own talents, in his intelligence. Doubted whether he could make it through med school. Friends have come and gone, he’s never really been able to make close ones that would stick. He’s never had confidence in where he was going in life, or with whom.
"DS Lestrade. This is Sherlock Holmes. The CRN is 1291895/10BG. I'm the boy who you talked to in St Bart's a few days ago. I'm afraid I wasn't entirely truthful with you, and now I need your help. John Watson isn't my cousin, he's my boyfriend. I'm not from the country, I'm from Hampstead. And I do know who stabbed John, well, who ordered it anyway. His name is James Moriarty, and he's a drug dealer at Ascham Homes in Waltham Forest. The regular police know all about him, and they've never done a thing. I'm at Ascham now. I'm going to go in and talk to Jim, and I'm going to just keep my phone on, so you can hear what he's really capable of. He'll come after us, Lestrade. He'll never stop. You must believe me. John and I need your help. Please."
Kisses deeper, more heated, Sherlock's breathing ragged against John's breathing back into his mouth, quiet gasps turning to moans as John's fingers snuck under Sherlock's shirt and Sherlock pulled John closer closer closer until their bellies pressed together and Sherlock's leg was clutched tight between John's thighs.
John’s footsteps pounding down a dark alley. Gunshots. John’s face buried in Sherlock’s throat, tasting salt.
“Alright. What for?”
“Oh, Christ, Sherlock.” John scratched at Sherlock’s scalp and sighed, letting his head fall back against the pillow. “You’re so - dirty, gorgeously, fucking perfectly dirty.”
There’s nothing more hypnotisingly beautiful than a blissed out, well fucked Sherlock, his hair in a riot of tangles, his arse rubbed pink from friction, his thighs glistening with come. John takes a moment to admire the sight of him - draped wantonly across the bed and still twitching with the last shivers of orgasm - before padding into the loo to grab a small flannel from the cupboard and run it under the tap.
“If I can.” John looked wary, his head drew back, and Sherlock’s fingers slipped off his chin.
“Oh, god, Sherlock, oh - “ John’s mumbling words dissolve into a choked cry as he comes between their nearly conjoined skin, the white hot electricity that races up his spine licking shiveringly through his nerve endings as he buries his face in Sherlock’s sweaty neck and tries not to pass out. His head is spinning.
Sherlock unfolds the cardboard flaps, peers into the box and tilts his head to the side. Smiles slow and looks up at John, his eyes liquid and black, thrumming with heat.
“We will
“Not if you don’t want to.”
Sherlock chuckles quietly, "It's not an insult. I think you just need time to think, and sometimes when we're talking, you don't have that time. Reading your journal today was enlightening. And...intimate. I know you better than I did this morning, John. And," Sherlock's voice drops into a hush, his head nuzzling under John's arm in small circles, "I want to know everything about you.
John closes his eyes before he looks up, giving himself the time to allow this to wash over him, whatever is about to happen. Breathe in, breathe out. He can feel the saliva drying on his lips.
His mouth fell open with a sob, the sound of his name on Sherlock’s tongue after all this time sending chills through his entire body. He was quaking, falling apart. He was choking, he couldn’t swallow. He definitely couldn’t speak. He laid there, head facing the window, eyes closed, though he knew Sherlock would easily see how his entire body was shuddering.
Sherlock softens. He does miss Mycroft.
John puts a soft fingertip to his lips. "I know. But I told you I wouldn't leave you. I meant it."
Sherlock watched his blonde head bobbing along between the trees, and wondered what on earth he’d unleashed by insisting that they come here. Scotland was associated with happy memories for John, but also with his father and the unhappy childhood John rarely discussed or even allowed himself to think about. He’d said more than once that his life before Sherlock didn’t even feel like his own, that it hardly even felt real. Sherlock knew John well enough to understand that was only partially the truth.
After that, they talked about everything. They talked about music and art, about books and science. Sometimes Sherlock would play his violin as John listened, spellbound and barely breathing. They talked about their childhoods, difficult siblings and distant parents. Sherlock made John laugh, harder than he’d ever laughed in his life, at things that shouldn’t even be funny. John made Sherlock laugh too, which always felt like a victory.
“Jesus, are you alright?” Sherlock pants, holding on to John’s thighs so tightly he must be leaving bruises.
- in the mornings. So affectionate.”
," He bites out, pushing Sherlock away from him to search his face with red rimmed eyes.
The casualness with which Sherlock says it, the ease, cuts right to John's core. He puts a hard kiss to Sherlock's forehead. "I love you too. Right. Eight. Okay. Okay."
, darling, of course,” against Sherlock’s upper lip.
Sherlock's reaction to the sudden name calling, whispered softly in his ear like an endearment, is extreme. He whines low down in his throat and his cock jumps, a bead of precome leaking out as his shifts his hips frantically. He manages to gasp out, "Please fuck me.
Sherlock ignored him. "Cairndow. There, I already rented us a cottage. Right off the A83, should be easy enough to find."
“Harry.” He sounds stiff and unpleasant and he knows it. Harry’s intruding, intruding on what precious time they have before - before whatever’s coming next - and he just doesn’t want anyone here except himself and John. He doesn’t do well with sharing.
“As am I.”
There was an open door at the end of the table, and some of the guys were out on the sidewalk smoking, huddled round the doorway. The cold night air wafted over the table, mingling with the smell of cigarette smoke. The smell reminded John viscerally of Sherlock, wrapped in his dressing gown, one thin pale arm holding his cigarette out of the cracked open sash of one of the sitting room windows.
"Sweet love. I'm going to take your skirts off now. Don't be scared. I'm going to take such good care of you." John knelt up, his skin glistening with perspiration in the heat of the fire, and slipped Sherlock's pyjamas down over his hips and legs. He ran his hands back up his legs, and pushed at the inside of his thighs. "That's it,
hate you." John can't stop touching Sherlock. Face, neck, belly. Warm and whole and strong. "You have to tell me everything. I have to know."
The smell of Sherlock is intoxicatingly good, good enough to send a little thrill of desire singing up John’s spine and he’s suddenly aware of how long it’s been since they’ve made love. He’s been in hospital three days, and the two days before that were nothing but cold coffee and piles of evidence photos and paperwork at Scotland Yard, takeaway at midnight and John falling asleep sitting up in his chair.
They stay there, kissing gently, reverently, until the snow gets heavier and the wind picks up. Then, turning up their collars against the cold, and twining their fingers together once again, they set off. To the coffee shop. To wherever the night - and the rest of their lives - leads them.
“He would protect us. In fact, I’m certain Baker Street is being watched by his people round the clock. As it's always been."
“Or Greg.” Sherlock hitches his hips, and John can hear the grin in his voice.
“S’nice. Here y’re, sweetheart.” She slapped a menu down on the table and smiled at him as he slid past her into the booth. “Coffee?”
“That’s my boy. Always need your sweets, don’t you?” John crosses the kitchen, pulls a half eaten pack of chocolate and caramel biscuits from the cupboard and sets it on the table, “Eat as many as you want while I’m washing up, and then I’m putting you to bed. You need to sleep.”
“Are you joking? I can barely stand.” Sherlock huffs a laugh, rocks his forehead against John’s. “Nothing ambiguous about
The wind whipped up stronger, blowing right through the corduroy jacket and thin tee shirt. He shivered a little and turned his collar up around his neck.
His voice doesn’t shake at all.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
"It wouldn't have changed anything. I would still have had to go." Sherlock's breath is coming faster, his face and his neck are hot, so hot. He arches, neck bending back, hips slipping up against John's.
The texts didn't seem cruel, in any case. While they'd terrified him at first, with a few days to think on them, they felt...loving. Like someone was watching out for him.
“Oh, fuck, don’t talk.” As soon as the sex bit was over, he wanted them out. He couldn’t have them curled against him, couldn’t be affectionate. That was for Sherlock. Only for Sherlock. That kind of tenderness was buried so deep, he didn’t even know how to access it anymore, and didn’t want to.
need it, that they couldn't do anything without it. The only reason he agreed to leave John at the hospital with Harry.
"Oh. I wanted - you to come in and say - say you didn't want to sleep there, at Sarah's. That you -
“It’s Sunday…” John purrs, the tip of his tongue tracing little patterns along the sensitive skin under Sherlock’s ear, “Mrs Hudson’s at church. No one home next door. We could have a little...lie-in.”
"That you're the most important man in the country and you could have me killed with a snap of your fingers? You don't scare me, Mycroft."
“I’m listening, John.”
“Alright. When will I? I do like to know who I’m working for.” John grimaced through another memory shooting through his mind with all the pain of a blood vessel bursting.
“Yes, I do rather. It’s incredibly layered. It reminds me of orchestral music.” Sherlock didn’t actually like it as much as he was leading John to believe, but sometimes all he wanted was to give John a moment of easy pleasure and watch the ever present storm clouds clear from those beloved blue eyes.
He’d almost cried, standing there in a filthy hotel loo with a prostitute, thinking of that tender exchange that never happened. Then he’d taken him hard, leaving red welts on his hips from John’s fingernails, and wept silently as he walked home to Baker Street.
"No. It's not easy for me to challenge you, not here, anyway. But at work, it's different. You've always deferred to me, on cases. Always. That's how we work.  Until recently. You've been getting more and more assertive on crime scenes and while we're at The Yard, and I hadn’t honestly realised it was bothering me. Then last week happened." Sherlock pauses, chews on his bottom lip and squints. “I didn’t want to - question - you. But. Last week was a game changer for me, John.”
"Christ, you're a fucking vision, you know that?" John husks out, slapping Sherlock's back and arse until his own palm is tingling and half numb, until there's not a single patch of unmarked skin beneath him. "That pale skin pinks up like a ripe peach when I hit you. Listen to you, crying and begging for it, fucking yourself against the mattress like a cheap slut. Don't you dare come, or I'll stop. You won't get anything else today."
"Sherlock." John sets his wine down and stretches his left arm across the back of the sofa, curling his fingers toward Sherlock. "Could you just? Just,
entered the foyer, illuminated dimly by the skylight three floors above. The house was quiet, Mrs Hudson’s rooms dark behind her pebbled glass door.
John pushes back and slips out of him, gently lowers Sherlock's legs to the bed. He unbuckles the cuffs and rubs at Sherlock's wrists, unclasps the collar and sets all of the bindings carefully in the bedside drawer. He lays down beside Sherlock and gathers him into his arms. Sherlock nestles against him with a sigh. John smoothes his sweaty hair and kisses his forehead. "Everything you wanted, baby?"
“As I, you, my love.” His eyes softened as he gazed down at me with the affection that we reserved for the private spaces, it being neither safe nor legal for us to adore each other so blatantly in public. “Come up here.”
"You haven't done anything wrong, pet. Just time to begin. Get on the bed."
The realisation dawns that this man just slapped him.
The clouds move more swiftly now, gathering black and heavy right over top the station, and the wind picks up, blowing bits of paper and leaves up out of the gutters. A fat drop of rain hits Sherlock in the eye as he turns his face up to the sky and exhales a long plume of smoke. Another drop blots the face of his watch as he checks the time. 10:48am.
. You take my breath away.” It’s the wine, probably, loosening his tongue, allowing these frighteningly honest words to spill from his lips. Or maybe it’s just that now, having heard the infinite depths of Sherlock’s love for him, he can voice these vague insecurities he’s always had, because he knows there’s no reason for them anymore. He can let go of them now.
“I suppose,” John acknowledges grudgingly. He lowers his voice. “If we were in immediate danger -”
it was.
," John whimpered, his voice muffled in the humid curve of my neck. "Come for me, Sherlock."
“I should have been there.” Sherlock's voice is hard. His jaw tenses under John's palms.
“A walk sounds perfect. That’s exactly what I was thinking.”
"I'm really not." John runs one hand into Sherlock's hair, and with the other strokes his fingers down Sherlock's chest, runs them over his flagging erection and down the inside of his thigh. "Now weren't we in the middle of something?"
Sherlock kisses down his spine, becoming utterly lost in the sensation of each one of John’s muscles vibrating and tensing under his mouth. He gets stuck halfway, licking and sucking at the perfect dip where John’s rib cage gives way to his waist, forgetting what he’s doing, until John’s writhing under him and moaning
John couldn’t comprehend it. He tried to imagine being so angry at Sherlock that he would have hurt him, and he just couldn’t. There was never a moment, never, when he would have wanted to cause Sherlock harm like that. He would have done anything in the world to keep him from it, in fact. Though, in the end, it hadn’t mattered.
come-on, either. Better than something about corpses." John twisted his fingers up into Sherlock's hair, kneading the back of his head rhythmically.
John’s mouth is thick, his neck aches from being crooked against the chair. He rubs at his eyes and sits up. “Oh yes, I feel very dashing right now. What time is it?”
John reddened and held up his hands in defeat. "Yeah, yeah, alright. I get it. I get it. Fine. But can we skip the pipe at least? You know how I feel about smoking."
He certainly doesn’t belong in this filthy alley, squatting gingerly next to Sherlock and offering a bottle of Coke to him with a shy smile. “Here. I have another. You can have it.”
“Yeah, well. I think you need to be taught a lesson.” Jim drifts over to Sherlock and grabs his chin hard, leans in and licks a stripe up the side of his face.
“I don’t deserve you.”
The case was rather easily solved, the guilty party swiftly arrested once I revealed the evidence to the local constable, and I was quite eager to return to Watson by the third day. My mother, however, was loathe to let me leave without a proper visit, and I spent another thirty six excruciating hours being plied with overly sweet puddings and stories of relatives I’d not laid eyes on since the age of eighteen.
“Okay.” Sherlock lowers himself gingerly to the very edge of the bed, very aware of how his shirt is becoming hard with drying blood, and that he must smell like sick.
“Okay, well then would you kindly remove your pointy little fingers from my waist before you actually puncture something?”
.” John sighs to himself and digs his thumbs into his eyes, feeling like the biggest prat that ever walked the earth.
"Bears like honey, John. It's common knowledge."
“So, this Molly Solverson. She’s smart, and she knows you’re not telling her the truth. She’s not gonna let this go, Lester. You know that. You’ve really fucked it up here.” John sipped his coffee. Lester knew how to make a good cup of coffee, at least. He drank it black with two sugars now. It was comforting somehow, to drink Sherlock’s coffee.
“Come on Sherlock, shit, come on,” John grinds out through clenched teeth, his nails slicing into Sherlock’s skin.
John softens his tone. “Didn’t you realise I’m in love with you, Sherlock?”
"Why don't you
Sherlock sucks in a hard breath and huffs out through his nose, helpless to hold back the whimpering, gasping, desperate noises that are coming out of him as John sinks slowly deeper. His hips arch up instinctively, pulling John deeper and deeper, and John groans and drops his face into Sherlock’s neck.
Time stopped. John could hear Sherlock breathing, could hear the snow outside, the wind howling. There was a distant squeak of a nurse’s sensible shoe on the linoleum floor. His own heart was thudding in his ears deafeningly loudly.
“I’ve always wanted what you wanted. I needed the work because you needed the work. That’s just how we are - it’s a bit codependent when I say it that way," John laughs again, his whole body feeling impossibly light, "I guess I just knew somehow...that you were done. So I was done too.”
"Cheeky."
“So.” Sherlock hunches forward and tucks his hands between his thighs.
"Oh, Sherlock." John's hand strokes down his belly, and he shivers, despite everything.
For some reason he can't pinpoint, John believes him. “This morning?”
My foul mood instantly evaporated at the sight of him. His face was relaxed and content, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips, above which the bristles of his well kempt mustache twitched with the nearly imperceptible movements of his mouth. His long golden eyelashes fluttered delicately against his ruddy cheeks, eyelids dancing as he dreamt. The thick blonde hair that I so loved to sink my fingers into was tousled and mussed, falling boyishly across his forehead. His well shaped arms were folded across his chest, the sleeves of his crisp white shirt rolled up to his elbows, and his braces hung loose round his hips. There were smudges of ash on his thighs from his habit of rubbing his hands on his trousers after he’d built a fire in the evenings.
My thoughts coalesce slowly as my hammering heart calms.
"Mmm. Changed my mind." John leaned forward and nosed at the hollow where collarbone met neck, drifted his lips back and forth. "Come on, husband. I want to ravish you. I
“You gonna tease me?” Sherlock growls, low and rough, beginning to unbutton John’s shirt. He needs to see him, needs to runs his hands and his tongue over every dip and swell of John's body, know how his hip tastes different from his neck.
“I want to hold you.” John puts his hand on Sherlock’s hip and tugs gently, encouraging him to roll. “And it will feel
“Who are you working for?” Kick to the ribs. John curled up, clamping his elbows to his side in a protective pose.
"Sherlock, I've
chair.
John watches him struggle for a moment, then walks, floorboards creaking under his bare feet, over to where Sherlock’s standing. He runs his hands up Sherlock’s stomach, his touch sure and comfortable.
Sherlock peers around the bedroom doorway and into the loo as Jim shuts the front door with a profoundly final sounding click. Sherlock fights against the panic rising in his chest.
“You’re amazing. So amazing. I am the luckiest man in the world, Sherlock.” He breathed out his own slight anxiety, and dragged the tip of the scalpel across Sherlock’s arm with his skilled surgeon’s fingers. He felt the skin give underneath the blade, Sherlock sucked in a breath and held it. John pulled the blade away, watching as the blood beaded to the surface, slowly at first, then more quickly, beginning to run down the curves of Sherlock’s arm.
Sherlock knows what John’s trying to say, knew in fact before he even began talking, but he wanted to give him the space to say it. Now he’s struggling, because he thinks Sherlock doesn’t feel the same way, because he’s worried this will ruin them. But Sherlock’s not afraid anymore. He knows what he wants, what he’s always wanted, and it’s right here in front of him.
“My parents are Muggles, so Apparition isn’t really an issue for family travel,” Sherlock says dryly, wondering when exactly it was that he’d invited Molly to have coffee with him.
“Bye, Sherlock.” John seems reluctant to leave, pausing to turn and smile at Sherlock with every step he takes.
Before he could tear his eyes away from them, a tall, painfully thin man with dark sunglasses and a spindly mustache slid comfortably into the bench across the table and folded his hands on top of it. He nodded at John. “Hello.”
John sets the tray on the bed and carefully sits crosslegged next to Sherlock. He strokes his face for a moment, and Sherlock snuffles and turns his mouth toward John's hand, but doesn't open his eyes.
Since the texts had begun, though, there was a nagging doubt. John hadn’t been able to take Sherlock’s pulse for more than a few seconds before he was ripped unceremoniously away from him. He hadn’t actually seen his body afterwards. Mycroft insisted it would be too traumatic, and John had argued he was in the army, he’d seen damage to the human body that Mycroft wouldn’t begin to envision. Mycroft insisted this was different, because it was Sherlock, because of what they were to each other.
Sure enough, a small WSSH is etched lightly into the surface. A thrill races down Sherlock’s spine, overcome with a scent memory of vanilla tobacco and old leather. He hears John’s voice in his mind, rough and dusky - intimate -
"John, I called Mrs Hudson last night. I think I nearly gave her a coronary initially, but she recovered quickly enough. She knows everything." Sherlock frowned. "Well, actually, she knows virtually nothing, because I can't really tell her anything about what happened to either of us while we were gone...but she knows I'm alive, and she knows we're together, and I told her that her boys were on their way home and could she please actually be the housekeeper for just the one day and tidy the flat and buy us some food. She readily agreed."
she is. John spent the entire train ride being disgustingly charming, and kind, and funny, and repeatedly glancing at Sherlock in a way that made his heart plummet into his stomach every time. A
Sherlock has yet to reciprocate. He meets John’s frequent endearments with a nod and a pleased smile as he tilts his chin up for a kiss. Sherlock’s expressions of love come in actions rather than words. In everything that came before this, before what they are now, Sherlock’s proven the depth of his love to John a thousand times. He’s taken bullets and vicious whippings, broken bones and shredded tendons. His body is a maze of scars, a story of pain and suffering all to protect the life and happiness of ordinary little John Watson.
The next time he opened his eyes, it was to the green glare of a hospital wall. Fuck, even his eyelids hurt. He tried to swallow, but something foreign was in his throat. He gagged.
“You - what?” Sherlock’s voice is barely more than breath, uneven and strained.
"I'm sorry, love. I wasn't thinking. I shouldn't have said that." John gets up, leans against Sherlock's side and bumps him with his hip. "Hey. Aren't you going to call me a git or an unfeeling bastard or something?"
Sherlock had said he wasn’t interested in anyone like that, said it that first night, when John was so obviously testing the waters. So John had backed off. Allowed Sherlock to sabotage any chance he had at a relationship with anyone else, while he knew damn well he would never be allowed to love Sherlock the way he wanted to. By the time they’d known each other less than two years, John had realised he could never be parted from Sherlock.
“Just tell me.”
“Ta. I’ll go wait outside.” John drew on his cigarette, ambled out the door. The neighborhood was nothing but cracked sidewalks, weeds erupting from every split, boarded up windows, and neglect. It was a place to disappear.
The noises coming out of Sherlock are like nothing John’s yet heard in their six months of door-slamming, bed-shaking sex. Usually Sherlock’s nothing but grunting and pleading, his moans so ear-splittingly loud John often fights the urge to clap a hand over his mouth, thinking of poor Mrs Hudson downstairs.
The light in the room changes, shadows creeping up over their entwined bodies as the day wears on. John sleeps hard, twitching and talking in his sleep, flipping over to burrow into Sherlock’s chest with a sigh. His hands scrabble at Sherlock’s chest until they find two fistfuls of tee shirt to hang onto, and Sherlock rubs his back until he settles.
“Uh.” Sherlock’s voice was creaky. He cleared his throat, and John mumbled something and pushed his nose into Sherlock’s armpit, still soundly asleep. “I guess he slept fine. I was asleep myself, so...did you need me to move?”
, sublime in its ferocity. Sherlock’s rhythm speeds up suddenly, falters. “John. Oh - oh -
, and that still felt applicable. The only thing that was clear, and real, and right, was John.
He dug his teeth into his lip, fighting with himself. He hadn’t even meant to bring the fucking thing to this country, but now, with it here… He crossed the room in two strides and pulled it out of the trouser pocket, fastened it around his wrist. He’d never done that before, put it on.
"Sherlock, must we?"
“Oh, oh
bad.” Sherlock tips his head toward John’s mouth, strokes his thumb against the sliver of bare skin at John’s hip where his shirt’s come untucked.
“I thought we were going to Hogsmeade tomorrow, not hanging out tonight.”
The line moves forward, incrementally at first, and then seemingly in a rush, everyone’s pushing through the wide open front doors, cool air sweeping from outside into the already steamy club. There’s a thumping beat surrounding them as they push their way up to the bar, John’s fingers tightly threaded through Sherlock’s. It’s shoulder to shoulder, Sherlock leaning halfway over the bar, trying to get the bartender’s attention.
He didn't know whether the last two years were the nightmare, or whether this was the dream.
A full body shudder rolls down from Sherlock’s scalp to his curling toes. Oh god, they’re going to -
Thank you so much to everyone who's stuck with this story, even though I haven't updated for eight months!! You're all lovely and fabulous and perfect, and I hope this chapter isn't a disappointment after such a long wait.
“Alright.” Owen said again. He reached over John and handed the cabbie a few bills. “That should take care of the fare, and there’s a few extra. Make sure he gets into his flat.”
"It's the lip gloss." He smiles, his teeth against Sherlock's upper lip, which is confusingly both endearing and darkly sensual.
Their eyes meet, and Sherlock breaks into a ragged laugh. He folds his arms behind his head, as if he’s about to take a nap, and shifts his hips under John’s chest. “Sorry. I just. This is - I haven’t really - much - and I never thought it would be you and me and I just - sometimes I forget how to breathe when I get - “
“Hello.” John smiles and drops his gaze, then looks back up at Sherlock through his lashes.  “I really should get back to work.”
Days passed in a vacuum. The world ceased to exist outside of the hospital routine of blood pressures being taken, nurses fussing with bandages and changing the sheets,
"Let me.
He lapped at him soothingly as John’s body relaxed back down into the bed, pulling off with the proud smirk he could never quite conceal. John was making little whimpering sounds and shivering every few seconds. Sherlock put reverent lips to the swell of John’s hipbone, nosed and kissed his way up his heaving stomach, nuzzling at the soft blonde peach fuzz that ended just over his sternum.
I cannot adequately explain the true emotions that John stirred within me when we were locked together in these moments I would never - and had never - shared with any other person. I could only say that the entirety of my body and soul belonged to him, and I wished to be owned in this way for the rest of my life and beyond. Never did I feel more complete than when John took me as his own, claiming me with his mouth and his words and his seed.
He arched his eyebrow at me wickedly and grinned, moustache twitching. He gestured at me, twirling his index finger in a lazy circle. “Turn around.”
more endearing. Sherlock wants to wrap his entire body around him, shield him, kiss every single pore on his face, never let the ugliness of the world wear down the wonderful goodness that is John Watson. Sherlock’s whole chest feels like it’s cracking open, everything soft and good that was left in him being exposed, John drawing it out of him. “Yes, it’s okay. We’ll just go slow, and you tell me if you want to stop.”
He swings his head back to look at John, who’s watching him with undisguised affection, his hands folded above his head. Sherlock swoops down and kisses his belly, John sighs, lets one hand drop to the top of Sherlock’s head. Darts his tongue out to lap at the soft skin over his ribs, and John rolls beneath him, fingers tightening in Sherlock’s hair. Closes his mouth around one perfect nipple and sucks, the skin rising into his mouth, responding to his touch. He flicks the very tip of his tongue across the little nub, and John arches into his lips, but remembers not to be too loud, muffles his cry with the back of his other hand.
"As for the drugs, I don't believe you'll be like this forever. I really don't. We'll sort it out." John curls up next to Sherlock, sighing. “Can we just stay like this? For a little while?”
Sherlock levels a bored stare at him and bites out, "Good. Then shut up."
The warmth from the fire radiated against the backs of Sherlock's hands as he moved them up over John's back while they kissed. He loved John's back. Strong and square, a gentle indentation at his waist, smooth shoulder blades marred only by the gunshot scar that Sherlock loved for no other reason than that it had brought John to him. He traced his fingers over the bumpy outline of it under John's cotton dressing gown, and John shivered against him.
, entwined and desperate and indecipherable from the other one, everything that was wrong between them came from trying to hold this back, and now John is inside him and there's nothing wrong between them anymore.
He lit the cigarette and pulled hard at the filter, bent down and poked his head in the window of one of the cabs. “You in service?”
Sherlock swallows and swirls the pads of his thumbs in little circles over the heels of John's hands. "Because. Because we just got home yesterday, and you've been -- difficult to predict since we came back, and we've barely had enough time to have a proper conversation and I just -- I think we should just slow down a bit."
“God, where did you
Body leaden and head thick, he eases himself out of John, rolls the condom off and ties it, tosses it across the room and misses the bin. Curls back up against the comforting plane of John’s back and rubs his face against his hair. John pulls his arm over his stomach and plays with his fingers. Brings them up to his mouth and kisses them.
from the relief of it.
Silently I handed him the ring, and he solemnly slid it down over the ring finger of my right hand. Wearing it on my left would be too obvious.
I sucked him harder in response, swirling my tongue in rapid circles around his retracted foreskin and then pulling back enough to lick at his slit. Before long, he was absolutely writhing, his perspiring body making soft slapping sounds against the leather as he moved. As for myself, I was nearly delirious, my own arousal becoming a shivering sweet ache echoing through me as I focused the whole of my being on John’s pleasure, on the musk of him filling my nostrils, the way his cock took up the entirety of my mouth. I wanted nothing more than to suck him to completion, to taste his seed as it spilled from him, to feel it sticky on my lips. I was greedy for him, for his taste and his scent, for the sound of him whimpering and begging. I took him back down to the hilt, flattening my tongue and lapping at him without restraint. His cock fattened beautifully as his hips lifted off the cushion, his legs shaking.
, his lower belly, the insides of his thighs. He shifts and shifts, trying to push
John’s standing with his back to the room, apron on, his arms elbow deep in a huge stainless steel mixing bowl that Sherlock has never even seen before. Sherlock slips quietly up behind him and tucks his chin over John’s shoulder. John’s front is covered in flour,  hands kneading a puffy ball of dough that smells curiously comforting. Sherlock’s always been attuned to smells more than most people, his nose being an important contributor to The Work. It's just about The Work.
“Oh my god, John, oh my god,” Sherlock thumps his head against the bed and curls one long leg over John’s bad shoulder.
John kisses his way across Sherlock’s chest and laps at his other nipple, relishing how Sherlock can’t be still, his entire body jumping and twitching under John’s ministrations, animalistic grunts and whines spilling helplessly from his throat.
"Eyes open. You'll watch unless I tell you you don't have to, understand?"
“Not even close. It's you, you absolute moron. How could you ever think it was anyone else?” John runs a thumb down the side of Sherlock’s face, over one of those cheekbones that kept him up at night, and thinks maybe he could, again, because somehow his body seems to know how long they’ve been waiting for this.
Sherlock takes his hands, eases him down to the bed, and turns on his side to face him, curled up with his hands beside his face. John pulls the condom off, ties it carefully and tosses it somewhere in the vicinity of the loo. He turns and looks at Sherlock, flushed and glowing with perspiration, his hair tangled, his eyes soft and drowsy.
“Feels like I just saw you two - oh that’s right, I did.” She’d been at Greg’s party the night before. “Way to kick off Greg’s retirement.”
Sherlock takes John’s hand as they emerge from the alley and threads their dirty, sticky fingers together. John looks at his watch. Barely 3:30. Only a half hour has passed since Sherlock dragged him off the sidewalk, but it may as well be a lifetime. He doesn’t know what’s wrong with him. His absolutely gorgeous husband just shagged him senseless against a wall, and they're walking home hand in hand, and everything should feel perfect. Instead, everything feels different. He’s silent on the walk home. Sherlock keeps watching him, surreptitiously, and John can practically
"Sherlock. Sherlock." John pants, pumping him faster.
this exquisite body, to drag his mouth and his hands over every inch of pale white skin, until Sherlock’s trembling with it, until they’re both so drunk on each other they can barely move.
“Okay, love, let me just -” John slides his hand off of Sherlock’s prick and massages over his bollocks, slips two fingers into the cleft of his arse. He circles them slowly around that lovely tight furl of muscle, and Sherlock arches, squeezing his arse and his thighs tight as his back lifts off the mattress. John pushes the tip of his middle finger inside, just that much, and sucks at the sweet tender skin under Sherlock’s jaw. “You’re perfect, just perfect. You feel so good.”
Sherlock lies there, helpless, scratching his fingers against John’s scalp and wondering how he never knew that having his nipples sucked would make him go completely insane. His other hand wanders down his belly.
"Do stop calling me that." Satisfied they're alone, Sherlock perches on one end of the sofa, his hand sweatily clutching the phone in his pocket. The flat is so quiet. Frighteningly quiet. Jim is sure to hear him turn it on, hear the click of the button. "Mind if I take a piss?"
Sherlock keeps groaning and moving, his fingers playing with John's hair and rubbing over the backs of his ears, and God, he's still hard, cock bouncing against his sticky belly as John pounds into him.
“You’re feeling anxious, yes, pet?” John scratched his fingernails along Sherlock’s scalp. “Come now, sweetheart. Answer me.”
the way Sherlock's violin
Sherlock nods, pulls off enough that he can pull languidly at the head with his lips, lick into the slit. John shudders hard, and precome leaks salty all over the tip of Sherlock’s tongue.
“I wasn’t going to ask.” Sherlock struggles upright, tucking the sheets around his still naked body, and sips his coffee.
“Sure, love. Need to call mum and dad?”
"Same."
“You’re devastatingly charming, you know that? You ridiculous creature.” John swoops down and places a kiss between Sherlock’s raised eyebrows. "You know that's a compliment, sweetheart."
brown hair.”  Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and he bounced up into his Thinking Position in his chair, crouched with his elbows on his knees and his fingers tented under his nose.
And now they're having sex. They're in a romantic relationship. Sherlock's experiences in this area are so scant as to be nonexistent. Surely he should be more nervous. It would be wise, considering what they've both been through the last two years and John's mental state, to be wary and cautious. But it's John, and Sherlock can't be wary. He’s incapable of treading slowly, of holding back the desperate love - bordering on adoration - that’s been simmering under the surface for so long. When he said he wanted to stay wrapped in John's arms forever and eat takeaways in bed, he meant it with every fibre of his soul. That should probably scare him.
“I would really,
“Oh, we’re a bit amateur sleuths ourselves. I mean, not that
“Please. Please may I see your face? I missed it so, and you were asleep before. I just want to...see you looking at me.” Sherlock’s voice was barely audible. John allowed him to pull one hand away from his face, and then the other. “Hey, blue eyes. Won't you look at me? Please."
“I have to tell you about Mrs Hudson. And we’re going to have to talk to the police again.” Don’t tell him about Jim. That’s for you to do, Sherlock. Don’t worry him with that.
The storm outside is getting heavier, the rain lashing hard against the window, hammering deafeningly loudly. The lights flicker again.
He’s shuddering and biting at Sherlock’s mouth when Sherlock abruptly stops and pulls away. “No. Not like this. I want. I want you inside me.”
“You’re so good looking, and sexy, and...ENGLISH. You’re amazing in bed...I mean, you could get anybody. You don’t have to pay for it.” Embarrassment crept up on his face. He turned red and shifted his eyes away. Ridiculous, considering what they’d just done, to be embarrassed now.
They amble into the kitchen, and it could be any normal day. They could be uni students, sharing their first flat, clubbing all night, sleeping until late afternoon, John pulling all nighters while Sherlock rubs his neck and brings him tea. If they were normal, that’s what this would be. Just two boys in love and playing house, all sex and video games and takeaway at three a.m.
. How plebian. How
"I think slow might actually kill me, John." Sherlock's hands are running into John's hair and down the back of his neck, hard and uncoordinated. "I've thought about this so many times, and how it would feel, and it's - the reality of it is quite different."
John shaking with fury, barely able to look Sherlock in the eye.
Sherlock grabs at him as he goes to stand up, and he plants a firm kiss on Sherlock's mouth. "Baby, I'm not going anywhere. Just right in the loo, right next door. I will be right back. Two minutes."
John sighed exasperatedly, which hurt, badly. The searing, stabbing pain in the left side of his chest confirmed the cracked ribs Lester had mentioned. He pressed a hand to his side and tried to breathe shallowly. Just breathe through the pain, and it would subside. He’d had cracked ribs before.
Finally, when he’s fairly confident he’s not going to topple over under the weight of the truths that are now colliding against each other in his mind, he croaks out, “You’re right.”
“You getting a coffee?” Molly continues brightly, still standing directly in Sherlock’s way.
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock murmurs drowsily, only half interested.
A shudder of anticipation runs through Sherlock’s entire body.
Sherlock clears his throat. "Well. Being removed from cases. Being sent home. A suspension, if you will, from assisting me."
"I just thought...when I came home...no, shit, sod this. I can't. I just can't, I'm sorry." He's suffocating with the weight of this, with what it will mean for them. His legs aren't supporting him anymore. He drifts down onto the couch, putting his coffee cup on the table harder than he should have and coffee geysers out of the lid, splashes all over the wood.
“Oh, god, fuck yeah,” John chants, rocking his hips as Sherlock noses along the crease of his pelvis, sucks at the plasticy fabric of his shorts. “Oh, your fucking mouth was made for sucking cock, wasn't it? Look at those lips, Jesus fucking Christ. I can’t wait to see my come all over them.”
When John awakes, he’s sprawled on his back, one leg hanging off the side of the sofa, with an afghan tucked around him. A fire is crackling merrily in the fireplace, the flames reflecting flickeringly off the maroon tiles. The flat smells like tomato sauce and fresh bread. It’s completely dark outside. He must have slept most of the day away, for hours and hours longer than Sherlock, certainly.
Sherlock looks over his shoulder at John, a flush high on his cheeks, and shakes his head slightly. Turns back and pulls on his favourite pyjama bottoms, blue pinstripes flannel, worn thin, soft as down feathers.
"So much for no strenuous activity." John laughs and rubs a hand over the incision low on his stomach.
John nods, apparently too weak to speak anymore, and Sherlock goes skidding up the steps, covered in John’s blood, sobbing for help. There’s tourists everywhere. Everyone has phones out, taking pictures of Tower Bridge, laughing. Sherlock freezes for a second, and before he can scream, get someone's attention, an elderly woman turns and sees him, her eyes going wide with shock and fear.
. I’m yours. I was yours, even then, and you should have trusted me.” John’s voice ragged and harsh. His fingers tightened in Sherlock’s hair.
you. I gave you that. With barely a whit of protest."
it true.
John had somehow insinuated his hand between them, though the angle was awkward, and was gently stroking the head of Sherlock’s cock with three fingers. Sherlock whimpered breathlessly, goosebumps shivering electric across his skin, and he shifted down until his cock was pressing between John’s warm thighs. John naturally lifted his hip, his foot flat against the bed, and parted his legs so Sherlock could shift and roll, push forward into the soft skin of John’s bollocks.
But you always stopped it.
Finally, with a wink, John disappears inside the castle. Sherlock watches him through the sliver of open door, until he’s left alone and more than a little bit overwhelmed. Needing to process everything that happened in the last hour or so, he sinks down on the steps with his chin in his hands, and stares off across the rippling lake.
Sherlock’s refused to see it because he’s been afraid of this, of them, what they are, and all the things they could be. Afraid of letting down his guard enough to truly let John love him.
The lights go lower as the music gets louder. Sherlock grinds his pelvis up against John’s hip, slides his hands up his arms and raises them over his head, shimmying against him. The beat’s drawing him in, still a little high from the heroin, and now a bit of alcohol. Sways around to John’s front, his back to John’s chest, gyrates his hips backward. John’s hands slide down his arms, over his tee shirt and onto the bare skin above his jeans. Sherlock clamps his hands on John’s arse, moves his hips back and forth.
are going to hurt yourself. We have to wait." Sherlock hates himself for saying it, for stopping them, especially now. He pushes at John's shoulders. "The doctors said
Years of war and injury and death prepared him for a lot of variables in life, but nothing could have prepared him for the maelstrom that was Sherlock. Sherlock came into his life at a time when John didn't even know who he was, when he was so lost and alone he couldn’t see a way forward. Sherlock had wiped away that lost, miserable person like tsunami waves wiping the landscape clean. The nightmares had stopped, the depression abated. He’d had a purpose again, and that purpose was Sherlock.
"And we've known each other for like eighteen hours, and you don't get why I like you so damned much." John puts his hand back on Sherlock's chest, drawing little figure eights with his index finger. "I don't really get why I like you either, except I just can't not. I kind of feel like I've known you forever already. It's not...it's like it's already done. It wasn't a choice. Does that make sense?"
"Are you serious?" John fixed those indigo eyes on him, brow furrowed questioningly.
Sherlock's smile turned tender and reached into his eyes. He set a hand on John's knee and squeezed. "Let's get you into some warm clothes and put on some tea."
She smiles at him in the way Sherlock imagines everyone must smile at John Watson, fond and beaming, already proud of him for whatever perfect thing he's going to do next. "Well, aren't you a handsome one? It's lovely to meet you, John. Welcome home."
After long stretched out minutes, Sherlock stirs, turns his face up, rubs his nose into John's neck. "I missed your smell."
I looked up at Watson questioningly as he tenderly tucked the blankets around me. “You’ve not slept here while I’ve been away.”
“You are a marvel.” John thought he’d never loved Sherlock so much as he did in that moment. “I want to give you whatever you want and need, too, you know.”
“How much I love it here.”
“Yes, I am a bit anxious, John. It’s been a good week, a lovely week, but I’m used to you being…”
He opened the text.
“More or less.” John pauses as he contemplates which angle is best to begin his attack on the camera. “Alright, now listen. Malvo is a sneaky fuck. He’s got a face like tinned corned beef, ugly as all hell, you’d think people would remember him...but somehow. Somehow he manages to fade, to fit in. He’s in London, just waiting for his fucking moment. And he’s coming for me. I’m not giving up this thing, this
“There now, love. Just, shhh.” John’s runs his index finger over the band on Sherlock’s left hand, curled against his chest. “Husband.”
John kisses his hips, his navel, licks at the head of his cock. He strokes him slow and deliberate, strokes him until both of them are panting with want, strokes him until Sherlock has to reach down and wrap his hand around his prick while John’s licking at his bollocks. John raises his head, puts his mouth against the wet tip, and Sherlock brushes it against John’s waiting lips, smearing them shiny with precome.
John. It seems to be the only word left in his head. He likes the shape of it, how it tastes when his mouth forms the sounds.
“Take all the time you need, John.” Mycroft sits back in his chair and pulls out his phone.
him yesterday. An shiver skitters down Sherlock’s spine, just at the thought.
It should have been silly, it should have felt utterly ridiculous, to have John calling him lassie and pretending he's a virgin, and putting on a horrible Scottish brogue. It should have. But it didn't. Instead, it was like liquid arousal right into his veins, scalding through his bloodstream and short circuiting his higher brain functions. His hips pressed up of their own accord, and John's hand closed around the bone, pushing him back down firmly.
has put him through, and John is so good, so steady and resilient and just impossibly
They lie there in silence, John’s mouth resting against Sherlock’s sweaty skin, Sherlock’s arm curled against John’s face. The sun warms the bottom of the bed, where their feet are twisted together.
John laughs, bites his lip in that way that Sherlock knows is
"Kiss me,
The sheets had been changed. God knows what the cleaning staff thought about all the blood. He lay down on the made bed and tucked his palms behind his head. It couldn’t be possible. Even if Sherlock was alive,
"Has anyone ever done this for you before, John?" He has to know, know if he's John first everything. Wants to be John's first everything.
John drops his phone back in his chair, hears a muffled groan from the bedroom. Then a panicked "John?"
Sherlock shakes his head, overwhelmed, unable to lie.
a detective, John.”
“Yeah, that’s it, my lovely boy, that’s it. Tell me. Tell me how good it feels.” John puts his mouth against Sherlock’s ear, tightens his fingers just enough to provide Sherlock with some friction.
Sherlock lays his head down again, curls his fingers over the curve of John’s hip. He wastes no time getting to the point. “So, you’re embarrassed about last night. About being the submissive partner.”
Sherlock smiles back, his eyes as brightly intelligent and twinkling as they had ever been. His face is a bit weathered, laugh lines etched deeply at the corners of his eyes, wrinkles round his mouth, his jaw gone a bit jowly, but he’s as dangerously handsome to John as he had been nearly thirty years ago. John crosses the room and lays a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he bends to drop a kiss on silvery black hair.
“I know, John. I feel the same. But you’re very injured, and as you so succinctly pointed out, we have a lot to discuss.” Sherlock swept his lips over John’s brow and smiled in what he hoped was a comforting way. “Besides, I really do need to use that loo.”
“No.”
“I did say that, didn’t I?” John breathes out.
John wrenched his gaze from the fireplace, where he'd been staring into the blackened brick. Tea. Tea was simple. "Yes, alright. I'm sorry this is so - I should be happy. I should be happy to be home. I
"Uuuuh." Was all Sherlock could get out, as he fell bonelessly prostrate to the bed, his now aching cock unintentionally rutting against the pillow underneath him, and he quaked once, hard, a viscous heat spreading through his lower belly.
He wrapped his other hand now around both of us, thumb tracing a pattern over the slippery heads of our cocks, and we stiffened further, so hard and hot against each other I could barely stand how good it felt. I melted against him, submitting entirely to the sweep of his tongue into my mouth, kissing him back messily, hungrily, as though I was a starving man and kissing him was my only sustenance.
Still better than London. London ran thick with blood. Red and black, chunks of brain matter sprayed against the grey wall of St. Bart’s.
“It’s fine.” He looks like a rugby player. Definitely. Callouses on his elbows from falling, skidding across wet grass. Hips extremely muscular from squatting in the scrum. “Are you planning to stay there?”
He bit at the bony curve where shoulder met upper arm, wrapped his left arm fully around John’s waist and pulled him close. “I won’t mind driving. That way, we can -
“I need you to erase him. He was never here. Hotel receipts, GPS, bank transactions, whatever. Whatever evidence there is of John being in this country, make it disappear.”
“What?”
you, you beautiful, perfect creature.”
"Yeah, just...stronger than I'm used to." John wipes his mouth firmly, and Sherlock doesn't question him further.
"What?"
"See? Bear."
“Sherlock,” John whispered my name again, drawing out the vowel, cradling the L sound on the tip of his tongue. “Do you know? Do you know how you affect me, what you do to me?”
After a drawn out breakfast, in which Mrs Hudson pressed me to give every detail of the visit to my parents’ home, including what kind of food I’d eaten on the train and what flowers my mother was currently growing in her garden, Watson and I were finally left to our own devices again. It was nearly nine in the morning now, and I was stuffed full of heavy raisin scones and sweet tea. The room was pleasantly warm and it had begun to rain outside, the thrumming against the window hypnotically relaxing. Having been awake since the morning before, I now felt myself giving into sleep, my body and mind exhausted after a long and wearying journey.
“What are you looking at?” Sherlock rasps, sounding snappish and not meaning to. He immediately quails, worried he’s broken the mood.
“Uh, Dr. John Watson. Just me, or - or him, too?” John tilted his head, eyes round and big. A goddamned
“You like me with a gun.” John murmurs, rough, his belly fluttering at the memory of how that tongue felt on his overheated skin.
"Well that's exactly how it will be, then." John picked up Sherlock’s hand and threaded their fingers together. “I want to go home, Sherlock.”
“I’m not going anywhere, John. Never again. We’re going to make this right. Together.” Sherlock continued rubbing his arm, tucked his face into the top of John’s head. “Get some rest, you’re a disaster.”
“Then get in your fucking car and drive away, and don’t come back here. Ever. Or I will fucking hunt you down.” John doesn’t lower his fists, doesn’t back away. “You deaf? Drive. Away."
Unless he tried to save him.
It’s impossible to think clearly, not with the scent of John’s skin all around him, with John’s belly expanding against him with every breath. This is all he’s ever wanted, to be held by John like this, he needs to just absorb every detail of how this feels. Even if it's nothing but a dream, due to dissipate at any moment into the glare of daylight.
"You've been crying."
you liked those. Have to remember that the next time you're busy fussing with mould spores or something." John's lips played over his left shoulder blade, moving his nose in circles, brushing the bristles on his upper lip up along Sherlock's hair line.
“Yes, John. That sounds perfect.” Sherlock’s smile is so pleased and soft, so peaceful.
"Did he ever say that directly?"
?" John stroked his hand over his chin, another new and appealing habit associated with The Beard. He looked rather like a uni professor thinking over a particularly vexing philosophical query. Sherlock wanted to put him in thick rimmed glasses and an elbow patch jumper. Make him smoke a pipe. Maybe John would let him. He did fancy some role playing now and again. There was that time with the crinolines...and of course John’s old army fatigues were a favourite...
working for him?! Christ."  John exploded, whirling out of Sherlock's loose grasp and walking past him into the sitting room. "Are you fucking serious?"
“Three hours of sleep? We went to sleep at the same time and I got at least seven.”
John sighs resignedly, turning his face so he can press his cheek against the crown of Sherlock's head. "Alright, love. I shan't press the issue at the moment. We'll have our tea and retire early tonight, let you rest."
? How it plays into what he already believes?” Sherlock can hear in his voice the wheedling tone that he loathes. Mummy always caved to it, and Mycroft used to mock him for it incessantly. He clears his throat and tries again. “John, he is convinced you’ll never stay with me, that this is just an interlude for you. If I go crawling back to him telling him that you’ve gone home to your parents, that he was right…”
this - John’s breath against his throat, his hands sliding down to rest on Sherlock’s hips - and here he is, right here in front of him, and Sherlock can barely
John immediately allowed his charming face to take over, all sweet smile and sparkling baby blues. It was shocking, how easily people were taken in by a pretty face. Rationalisation was easier when people were generally so bloody stupid.
Sherlock kicked at the now freed blankets until they crumpled to the floor at the end of the bed. God, he just wanted
“Perfect. I’m perfect.”
“The shop girl nearly had a heart attack, John! They had to take her to hospital. John, get
"Ye-yes, John." He gasps through the words, bites at his lip.
John rubs his hand up and down Sherlock’s spine, rhythmic, and he can feel his body giving in to sleep, his eyes drifting closed again and again until he can’t drag them back open.
in his ear at night before they fell asleep, pulled him down into his lap on the sofa in the evenings and stroked his hair until he was loose limbed and sleepy, then took him to bed and they made love slow and sweet, Sherlock pressing gentle kisses along John’s spine and whispering how much he loved him, that he would always take care of him.
“Dinner?”
“Ah, you beautiful thing, Jesus,” John choked out in a brogue that shouldn’t have sounded natural, but did. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, lips dragging, tasting along the hollow of his collarbone.
“Of course, John. Whatever you want.” There’s no other answer. It
“Aren’t we? Our dates have always involved a threshold level of violence and the threat of imminent death. I’ve always found it quite an aphrodisiac.” Sherlock grins against John’s hand, his eyes flashing with mischief.
“I’m really, really sorry, John. I shouldn’t have said that.”
As if he can’t help it, John whispers, rough, “I’m so sorry about before. Is your leg alright?”
associated with sex. Feelings are difficult, heartbreaking, consuming. But he'd known the moment he saw John's compact body moving assuredly through that crowd of drunken fools, that John would be more than a one off fuck in the loo. Or he’d at least hoped. Feelings are probably unavoidable at this point.
“Happy bastards.” John grumbles, well aware of his own jealousy, then catches the closing door with his palm and kicks it open. Might as well get a coffee if he’s going to be stood up. No reason to freeze his bollocks off in the street any longer.
Sherlock doesn’t want to spoil it, this perfect moment, with the sunlight breaking over their laps and their saliva being exchanged on the cigarette filter.
were one."
I paid the driver and gathered my bags. In my eagerness to get upstairs, I fumbled my key and bumped my head against the door as I bent to retrieve it. I was cursing under my breath as I
“John.” Sherlock gasps, kneading his fingertips against the base of John’s skull.
They laid in thoughtful silence for a few moments.
Sherlock’s only answer is a delicate little snore and his socked foot rubbing a slow rhythm against John’s calf. John leans his head back against the armrest, lazily stroking his fingers between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. As his hand stills and his mind drifts closer to sleep, he remembers dreamily the first time this happened, the first time he woke up with an armful of Sherlock. Just a few weeks after he’d been home, and he still hadn’t been entirely sure what Sherlock wanted, so he was careful, cautious, treating Sherlock a bit like a wild animal that could be easily spooked. That night had been quiet, no case on. They had eaten dinner separately, John having a sandwich while he worked at the computer, Sherlock scarfing cold curry as he watched Kitchen Nightmares. When John finally closed the laptop, he looked over to see Sherlock curled on the sofa, long arms wrapped round knobbly knees, curls tumbling across his forehead, mouth hanging open, and looking about nineteen years old. He was
“Oh, god, god, John, I love you, too,” Sherlock manages to gasp out, arching his hips against John’s hot mouth.
A world and five time zones away, John was in Lester Nygaard’s kitchen, having coffee. John had found a grudging pity for him in the last week. He couldn’t not pity him, regardless of the awful things he’d done. He’d been a good person once. He’d tried to do the right things, work the steady job, marry the girl, buy the house. Do the things you’re supposed to do in life. Except life was sad and awful, with a wife who hated him and a job he was bad at, and in the end, it all came crashing down around him. A good man destroyed by the misery of it all.
John's natural charm had helped him out of quite a few tight spots recently. People liked him. They trusted him. A few eye crinkles and a crooked grin, and people would follow him anywhere. Even when they really, really shouldn't have.
"Think you've got me wrapped right round that gorgeous little finger of yours, don't you?"
John was sprawled across the bed diagonally, his left leg hanging off, socked foot brushing the floor. He was wearing a dark tee shirt and red boxers, his beard was auburn in the yellowy light of the bedside lamp. Sherlock tossed the jeans into the hamper and pulled a folded blanket from the closet. He laid it gently over John and pressed a kiss to his temple, allowing his lips to linger enough to feel John’s pulse thumping comfortingly.
.” Sherlock grins, his eyes still closed, and slaps John’s hip playfully. “Barely ten minutes I think.”
“What on earth is an owl doing delivering the post at one in the morning?” Molly says curiously, making no move to actually let the owl in.
together. They'll say what needs to be said, and Mycroft will get exactly the information he needs with a minimum of extraneous material. Sherlock will only muck up the works. He'll stay in the background, be a ready hand to hold should John need one. This is what his role is now, John's backup. He finds he doesn't mind that at all.
to help me think it through. If took me apart, if you gutted me, cracked open my rib cage and looked inside, the only thing there would be
live without. I’m quite certain I would find a way to survive without
John's grip is firm, secure, as he pulls Sherlock up. He’s short, tiny. He seemed so huge a few moments ago, his presence filling up the space his body doesn’t occupy. They haven't stood next to each other before now, and Sherlock looms over him, a full head taller. "Thank you."
He’s still shaking when Sherlock takes his hand off John’s softening prick and puts it sticky on his hip, wrenching him backwards. "Fuck. Fuck, you feel so good." Sherlock only curses when he's viciously angry or when he's about to come. Sherlock drives into him, so hard, harder than he’s ever done before, and John feels used, knows he’s purely for Sherlock’s pleasure right now and nothing else. That thought is obscenely and confusingly erotic. John allows himself to get lost in sensation, the rhythmic smack of Sherlock’s thighs against his, the pressure of Sherlock’s fingers between his own against the wall, the scrape of the uneven bricks against his knuckles.
"You're avoiding the question, John."
Criminals in London operated at night. Not noon, not in the grotesque glare of the day. Americans did everything wrong.
- stretched myself for you. You like that thought?” John was far more than half hard now, and he adjusted himself in his suddenly far too tight jeans.
“For now. You’re not in immediate danger. Malvo doesn’t want to kill you, John.”
“Good.”
“Sorry I was out so long, love. Why didn’t you wake me?” John yawned and dragged his hands up and down his face and through his hair, making it stand on end.
“Dunno. I don’t want to be alone, I guess." John shrugs.
“I’m glad I tricked you in the train car. This wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t.” Sherlock cocks one eyebrow and grins crookedly.
And now I’m talking to myself.
“I know. But, better to go get him than sit here and wait, yes?” Sherlock strokes down over John’s shoulders, the curve of his neck. Soothing him. The gentleness is painful.
"I won't. I won't come, I promise." Sherlock snivels, stilling the roll of his hips and sobbing quietly as John runs his hands all over Sherlock's  reddened skin.
"Well, I
when he’s high, just FYI!”
“Yeah, alright. Just pretend we’re on a date.” John rubs his thumb over Sherlock’s bottom lip, shivering at its plump softness, despite himself, despite the circumstances. Years of hunger and want and need aren’t so easily tamped down once freed.
"I never bought it, you know. I knew you too well to believe that crap you fed everyone else."
His head fell back away from Sherlock’s bleeding arm and Sherlock grabbed him roughly by the hair as the aftershocks coursed through him, squeezing his muscles around Sherlock’s pulsing cock. The guttural moan that escaped him seemed to spur Sherlock on, and he yanked John’s head back, thrust up again and went completely stiff, the fingers of his other hand stabbing so sharply into John’s hip he knew he’d have bruising tomorrow. The thought of which cut rather pleasantly through his post-orgasm haze, and the pain of Sherlock pulling his hair nearly out of his head.
this a good night.
across the back of an envelope and leaves it on the counter, just in case John wakes up before he gets back. If he gets back.
As was normally our way, he spoke them for me.
Sherlock. The memory of that gentle voice next to his ear surged back.
Sherlock responds by bringing the wine bottle with them into the sitting room. The mood feels ominous. John's stomach starts to hurt again. They take positions on opposite ends of the sofa, and it feels like they're even farther apart than the meter between them.
this? Be grown ups? I don't know how."
in front of that same cute boy who’s rendered Sherlock entirely incapable of doing either. Though no one has ever made him feel this kind of nearly painful desire. The thought of being rejected by this perfect being, of not having him, makes Sherlock's stomach hurt. He
What is he going to say to John?
“No.”
Sherlock balks. It’s never been that much. That’s everything he’s got. But no choice. He’s got to have it.
"What on earth are you doing
Sherlock’s basically unconscious when he returns, so John just rolls him on his back and wipes the drying come from his stomach and thighs, runs the flannel gently over his cock and bollocks. Sherlock sighs and stretches, his eyes fluttering open just a crack.
“Of course I do. You’d pull a horridly overdramatic face and have a temper tantrum if I didn’t. You idiot.” John squeezes Sherlock’s fingers and brings them to his mouth. “Just remembering. How we used to be. All dangerous and stupid and madly in love.”
John swallowed, and plastered a smile on his face. Maybe if he just -- pretended. He breathed deep through his nose and looked up, met Sherlock's worried expression with his own false smile. "I'm okay. I'm fine."
Sherlock immediately drops to the floor with a quiet thunk and doesn't move, unsure whether he's allowed to touch John yet. He folds his hands behind his back and watches John patiently.
“Sherlock.”
“No, love. They -- have someone in custody. Apprehended him during the night. Greg said the evidence is airtight. It’s done.”
They curl together, breathing heavily, and kiss and kiss and kiss. Kiss until their mouths are sore from each other’s stubble.
"No. We just have to get you somewhere to lie down." Sherlock started climbing the steps slowly. Every creak resounded through John's head, thunderously painful. He felt sick again. Sick and humiliated and furious. "Just fifteen steps. Surely soldiers carry injured comrades more than fifteen steps, yes? Nothing to be ashamed of. Now hold on to my neck, alright?"
John huffed and yawned, rolled on his back so quickly Sherlock had to move or get his face crushed. He smacked his lips and yawned again, rubbed his belly. His eyes stayed shut, though, and after a few minutes he settled back into sleep, his head dropping to the side as his body relaxed.
Sherlock makes a noise somewhere between frustration and sympathy and rubs his hand up against John's stomach and whispers, "I know. One day. We'll take care of everything, tests and whatever, and one day, we will. With nothing between us."
John’s chewing his lip thoughtfully. “You couldn’t go home?”
“Okay.” Sherlock allows John to help him up, and he leans against him, watching his face in the dim light as he bends down to pick up the torch on the floor. “You’re so beautiful. I want to go dancing with you. I love to dance. Did I tell you that?”
He closed his eyes and prayed, opened his eyes and swiped the screen with a trembling finger.
.” Sherlock’s mouth against his neck, pulling on a tendon sucking hot salty skin between his teeth, he can feel the vibrations of John’s vocal chords through his lips. Nips at John’s skin, sucks hard enough to leave a bruise, and John’s wriggling on his lap, his thighs tensing. He tries to lean back, pull John on top of him. It's feels like he's suspended underwater, and John's the only way he can breathe.
“Well, well. Shall we?” Sherlock went to pop the collar of his Belstaff, and realised with dismay he was wearing a huge floppy green duffel with a hood.
The scent of basil and garlic, savory and deep, rouses John from a dreamless slumber. The bedroom is bathed in an orange glow, the sun setting outside. He rolls to his back, mouth feeling thick and sticky, his skin greasy. All the alcohol leaving his system.
There’s a thunderstorm brewing outside, the result of weeks of unseasonable heat and moisture, and now the onslaught of suddenly cool autumn air. The thunder rumbles and a flash of white streaks across the window almost simultaneously. The lights flicker. Sherlock gives John a wicked grin, and John returns it, a knowing glint in his eyes. John's so in sync with him, even as different as they are, Sherlock understands for the first time what
“It’s alright.” John’s hand came to his thigh again, squeezed.
They twine together without another word, John pushing Sherlock back against the counter, but gentle, quiet, not breaking the silent darkness that’s surrounding them. He can’t see John’s hands caressing his hips, mouth at his throat. John’s so
Sherlock almost blacks out, his spine arcing up like a live wire as John circles his finger over and over in the same spot -
"But you do want to. You want to punish me. Correct me. Put me in my place." Sherlock sounds disgusted. He kicks at the shards of the mug, sending one spinning out into the hallway. "Tell me you don't."
Sherlock must have had more wine at dinner than he’d thought. He was feeling pleasantly drowsy, the kind of sleepy contentedness that was an unfamiliar state for him. John often said Sherlock had two speeds, full throttle and dead stop, with nothing in between. Now he felt perfectly in between; every touch, every rumble of John’s voice a hypnotic drum beat thumping through him, holding him in this place.
Sherlock's never been one to do the right thing. He deftly undoes John's jeans and shoves his hand down the front, pulls John's cock out of the top. It looks crude, and gorgeous. John's head rolls back, his face and neck flushed maroon, white blotches all over his cheeks.
. He wrinkles his nose at John. “And that’s - you like that? Just.
“More than alright. Amazing. It’s not that I...I mean I want to. God, I've wanted to forever. I just...I can’t...we can’t...I mean, I physically can’t.” John’s face was ruddy, his eyes a bit glazed. He bit nervously at the inside of his lip. “Nevermind that we’re in a hospital bed, I’ve got mob hitmen trying to kill me, and I still don’t know where the bloody hell you were for the last two years or why the fuck you faked suicide right in front of me and lied to me and left me to grieve. I’m grateful as
Sherlock doesn't know what to say to that, because John's  bursts of affectionate compliments still flummox him, so he just hums in agreement and lets John nip at his neck and his ears and rub his face in his hair. It isn't really arousing as much as it is deeply satisfying - John heavy on his back, pressing him into the mattress, the sound of John's breath against his ear. Just John. Pleasantly grumbly and warm and comforting.
John fumbles for it, Sherlock grabs at the bag first, rustles inside until he finds the bottle of lube. John watches, transfixed, as Sherlock deftly unscrews the cap and tears off the tiny aluminium paper seal, and dips his finger in the top, tugging his pants off with his other hand.
." His anger died as quickly as it had flared, leaving John sinking back against the bed, looking drained. Lips pinched in a tight line, he shook his head disbelievingly and murmured in a low voice, "Do I love you? Are you fucking joking? Do you
John's making beautiful noises into Sherlock's mouth, soft and needy. His cheeks are burning where they touch Sherlock's face. Sherlock slips a hand between John's legs, and
“So. You’re a club kid, eh?” John laughs, and Sherlock dives down, captures the rest of his laugh in his mouth. John licks into his mouth, purring a happy little noise, and Sherlock kisses him harder, pulling him up until he’s off his feet, toes barely touching the sidewalk.
Molly wrinkles her nose. “Those Muggle things smell terrible. What do you call them again?”
. The water runs cold before John even has a chance to wash his hair, and they stumble out, pushing each other, shivering and laughing.
They make breakfast together, eggs and beans on toast, giggling like schoolboys and kissing against the sink. When they go to Angelo’s for dinner that night, Angelo brings a candle for the table, and John smiles at Sherlock over the flickering flame.
“That. Is. A fascinating name for a fascinating person.” John goes up on tiptoes, presses a strangely chaste kiss against the cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s upper lip. He slips under Sherlock’s outstretched arm and picks his crumpled shorts up. “It’s nice to meet you, Sherlock Holmes. Last name’s Watson, since you didn’t ask.”
“But you didn’t. You didn’t lose me.”
He’d been in America for less than an hour and already left someone bloody and begging in a bathroom stall. Probably should rein it in a little. Keep a low profile.
By the time the cab pulls up in front of Baker Street, John’s nearly asleep, breathing humid against Sherlock’s throat.
“Oh, Christ, thank
“Making bread.” John smiles and turns his head so their noses bump. He smiles warmly, kisses Sherlock’s lips, and turns back to the bread bowl.
Sherlock nods again, fighting the sudden and strong urge to giggle. This is
John grins and pulls his fingers out to a disappointed groan from Sherlock, runs his hand up the back of Sherlock's thigh into the crook of his knee and hitches Sherlock's leg up over his good shoulder. "I'm going  to do better than that."
It doesn’t occur to Sherlock to protest. John releases him and steps back, hurt and anger roiling in the depths of those wide bewitching eyes. Sherlock reaches out, desperate to make this right, and runs his thumb over John’s mouth. He half expects John to flinch or turn away. Instead, he catches Sherlock’s wrist with his left hand, and presses a hard kiss against his palm.
John hadn’t been able to help himself, moving across the room as if being pulled, until he was kneeling beside the sofa and gently brushing Sherlock’s fringe out of his eyes. Charcoal lashes had fluttered open, and those beautiful eyes had looked up at him sweet and drowsy.
“It’s not.”
“Everything alright, Mr Holmes?” Somehow the formality coming from her mouth doesn’t seem formal in the least.
And Mycroft's head disappears in a whirl of smoke and ash, leaving Sherlock alone.
“Fuck yes.” John growls, and sets his wine on the table clumsily, sloshing some over the sides of the glass. He flips and crawls up Sherlock’s body until he’s bracketed between Sherlock’s bent legs. Sherlock’s neck looks so inviting, creamy above his dark shirt collar. John finds his pulse and nips at it with his teeth, rubs his lips back and forth as the heat stirs in his belly. “I love you.”
with you.”
“Alright, you. I know, I know. Let’s just clean you up a bit and get you calmed down.” The old woman again. She’s still here. She pushes him by the shoulders into a hard blue plastic chair. Her nose inches from his, bright hazel eyes looking at him almost sternly. “
“You don’t have to call me sir, John. Jesus. That’s my dad -
Oh fuck. Lost in John, dizzy with love and post sex bliss, Sherlock had completely forgotten about his call to Lestrade.
Sherlock swallows, considering. He looks at John again. John gives an almost imperceptible nod.
“Sherlock.” John mouths at Sherlock’s bottom lip, breathing hard.
“Nothing. Just my brother wondering how the first week of school went.” Sherlock throws her a smile and yawns exaggeratedly. “I think I’m for bed, Molly. Shall we finish up the game in the morning?”
been this, it's always been
John's cheeks flush deeper, he grins shyly. "You're the first bloke. That counts."
"Jim Moriarty." Sherlock can hear the sneer in his voice, tries to scale it back.
“Be right back.”
“I do too. We’re
He looked at Baker Street, at Sherlock standing there rain drenched and beautiful, curls sopping wet round his eyes, right where he's supposed to be, and not dead. Several people had gathered under the awning next door, cradling steaming takeaway coffees and now staring at John.
want is important too, Sherlock. You know that, right?”
Left alone to wait for John, Sherlock doesn’t know what to do with himself. He stands up and then sits back down, watching John down on the grass, shaking hands and slapping backs, his face ruddy and his back soaked with perspiration. He looks up, for the second time that day seeming to sense Sherlock’s eyes on him, and smiles, then holds up his finger and mouths “Just a minute.”
under his breath. Sherlock's jaw had locked tight, a string of vitriolic insults ready behind his clenched teeth. John had yanked him away and gotten them both a double scotch neat.
Sherlock's mouth falls open in a wordless cry as his back bends up off the mattress, and then he's spilling hot and thick over John's hand, between his fingers, dripping down into the thatch of thick black curls trailing up to his navel. John slows the motion of his hand, the rocking of his hips, spreading Sherlock's come over his cock as he pulls him through it. John licks his lips. He can't stop looking at Sherlock's flushed neck and his eyes rolled back in his head and his come slick and translucent white all over John's fingers.
It’s so tender, so tender it breaks down something inside of Sherlock that he hadn’t even known was there. He’s never permitted anyone to get this close to him, never allowed anyone to see him gasping in pleasure, giving in to the most primal desires, because it was terrifying to cede the control of his own body to someone else. To allow them to have that part of him. Not even John.
John cocks his head to the side, as if he’s considering it. He shrugs, “I don’t know what to do with me, either. So we're even."
“Have all afternoon. But every time I look -” John shakes his head, leans forward and quietly sips his beer. His neck prickles with the creeping sensation of being watched, and he lowers his body as much as possible, slumping down until his knees bump Sherlock’s.
John's arm slides around his hips, his head on Sherlock's shoulder. The rain slips silently down the window. It's too perfect.
Sherlock smiles softly, blinks, and opens the door wider. "Hi. Thought you might be awake. Dinner's almost ready."
"I have absolutely no idea what this could be." John said, seemingly to himself more than Sherlock, as he slid the blade of the letter opener under the paper and ripped. He tore the paper away and allowed it to fall crumpled to the floor as he opened the flaps of the box. "Oh."
“Precisely.”
Sherlock’s mouth goes dry.
Sherlock patted his thigh, and John threw both legs up over Sherlock's knees.
Sherlock doesn’t speak when they get home. He takes the steps up to the flat two at a time while John carefully bolts the front door behind them. Mrs Hudson is home, he can see her outline moving behind the etched glass window. Something in him needs to check on her, make sure she’s safe.
As if he's a dog that pisses on the floor when no one's home. Hot anger mingled with humiliation gripped the back of his throat, his jaw. His hand clenched. How Sherlock must hate this. Hate him.
“Shut up, Sherlock. Stop trying to convince me I don't want you. It's bollocks. Just be quiet. I love you. It's just how it is, so get used to it. Be happy. We get a few free days sleeping in the hospital. Food and everything.” John laughs quietly, tucks his freezing cold hand under Sherlock’s tee shirt. He wrinkles his nose. “Christ, you smell awful."
Everything about this stings. Burns at the backs of his eyes and his throat, makes his chest tight. He doesn’t even know whether this is real or not. God, how he
The old woman leans across the ambulance, puts a hand on his knee. Steadying. The ambulance jitters to the side, rocks as they go over a speed hump. “You can do it. Take his hand.”
He's supposed to trust John. Implicitly. John won’t let him crash.
“That’s the only one.”
He shrugged, a half smile on his face. “I just don’t get it.”
John finally rolls his eyes and huffs, throws a backward glance at the bartender. He holds his index finger up to Sherlock. “One minute.”
John nods, looks down at their hands clasped together and back up at Sherlock. “Yeah. I just, um. This meant a lot to me, doing this with you. I don’t know, it felt...like
"John?" He shouldn’t ask, he shouldn’t. He knows this. He shouldn’t ask half the questions he asks of people. He just has to
“Well, I hate to disappoint you, John, but I’m certain it wasn’t Mycroft
“Sheerleck?” He slurred, face half smashed into the pillow.
“You sure?” Sherlock squeezes lightly, feeling all those delicate bones moving between his fingers.
“Shhhh. I’m going to make you feel amazing,
John sucked his teeth, rubbed the knuckles of his right hand as he looked out into the morning fog laying thick over the cab stand. Fucking guy’s jaw was hard as concrete, for as pussy as he looked. Well. He’d definitely come off the worse, even though John’s hand would be sore for a day or so. Flabby would certainly think twice before provoking any short Englishmen again.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock’s voice is so diminutive, so ashamed, it makes John turn towards him.
John stirred slowly, wincing and grumbling. He blinked drowsily a few times and looked up at Sherlock, confusion written in every line of his face. The spark of recognition and then something like fear flared in his eyes, and for a moment, Sherlock was sure John was going to scramble backwards and get as far away from him as possible. A mistake. This had all been some drugged reaction to seeing Sherlock again, and any second John was going to mutter a
Anger trills icily down John's spine. "What did you say to me?"
It’s impossible to feel any panic about it with John’s overheated languid body snugged against him, the sound of the rain dripping steadily off the eaves. He can’t remember the last time he was so comfortable, so relaxed.
John’s face breaks open into a wide relieved grin, and he bolts from the kitchen quick as a jackrabbit. Sherlock hovers between following John and slinking out the window, having rather forgotten all about Harry’s existence.
No time for that yet. John pulls back and brushes Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. “Alright, gorgeous. Tell me what we have to do.”
"Must we what?"
He can't ever say them, the things that really matter, fear swelling in his stomach. "Mary never made me happy the way..."
Molly doesn’t seem to notice his indifference to her company. She just steps aside to let Sherlock through the door and then falls into step beside him as he queues up at the counter.
something.
, like the slut you are."
“I agree.” John tucks his fingertips into the hollow of Sherlock’s jaw and pulls him forward, brushes their mouths together frightfully gently, barely a kiss. “One caveat,” He murmurs against Sherlock’s parted lips.
"I thought we were...mmm...heading somewhere." John's other hand was wandering up the inside of Sherlock's thigh, his voice honey sweet and husky.
Neither of them can take this anymore. John teases just for a second, rubbing the slicked head of his cock around the edge of Sherlock's stretched hole before he rocks forward and thrusts home hard and fast. Sherlock's eyes and mouth fly open, a ragged moan escaping his cracked lips. John grinds deeper into him, moves his hands to grip him by the waist. He's dizzy already from endorphins.
“Yes, please.”
Above him, John shudders and whimpers, his chest contracting. "Take it, come on, you want it, take it, yeah, yeah, that's it."
“Thinking?”
John slid it under the table and thumbed it open. The bills were hundreds. Well. More money than he'd ever seen, even before, when he and Sherlock were working cases. He went for his poker face, tried not to look stunned. It went into his jacket pocket as the waitress reappeared with a coffee mug and a handful of prepackaged creamers.
John groans in response, his voice two octaves deeper than Sherlock has ever heard it. “Oh, god, how I want you. You’re so -”
There's absolutely no explanation for how hot and perfect the sole of Sherlock's bare foot feels rubbing over his arse, except that it's Sherlock and of course he would do something bizarre like rub John's arse with his foot and make it sexy and endearing and wonderful. Sherlock puts his foot flat against him and pushes them together so tightly their hip bones grind together and it actually hurts, and John groans and tries to move and Sherlock whispers, "Sorry, sorry," and John doesn't care that it hurts because he just wants them as close as they can possibly get and so he says, "I don't care, it's fine," and kisses him again.
John considers Sherlock for a long moment, how much he's aged, how different he is. He's become both stronger and softer, a warmth and openness in his eyes that John had only caught glimpses of before. He smiles more easily, doesn't try to couch his emotions in sarcasm all the time.
“You trying to be intimidating?”
“I know, baby. I know.” John rubs his nose against the top of Sherlock’s head, inhaling his shampoo, the smell of his skin underneath. “I always want to make sure you’re alright, too. We take care of
“I used to bake all the time. My mum, she...it was the one thing we liked to do together.” John’s eyebrows knit upwards, his lips press in a line. His eyes cast down for just a second, long enough to make Sherlock’s heart clench painfully. Suddenly, he wants to bake a loaf of bread more than he’s ever wanted to do anything in his entire life.
John interrupts, "You were bashing your head against a fucking wall, Sherlock. You hadn't slept in two days. I was trying to protect you from yourself, for fuck's sake."
He stretches and his arm hits paper. The notebook. Sherlock's returned it. A bubble of apprehension expands in his stomach. The book is closed, with a slender brass bookmark protruding from the top. He picks it up and takes a deep breath, then opens it quickly to the bookmarked pages.
"That's it," he says aloud.
“I bet lots of people like you. You’re a handsome man.”
- and does what comes naturally, sliding his hand up and over the swollen head of him, makes John curl up and
"Alright, love. For you. For you, I will get a bee tattooed on my arse."
. They've waited seven years. People aren't supposed to wait seven years to kiss the person they're in love with, because its overwhelming, because its incomprehensible once it happens.
?” The dread dissipates into relief so powerful it knocks the breath from his lungs, chest heaving so hard he can feel his each individual rib moving.
"I had suspected as much, considering your inclinations towards rough sex, but it is always satisfying to be correct." Sherlock grinned, wide and genuine, drew an affectionate fingertip over the swoop of John's nose. "John, listen. You've always told me that I can just ask for what I need from you. That if I need to be corrected or praised, all I need to do is tell you. Yes?"
"Alright, alright. Shhhh. Put your knees up, that's right. Good job." John eases the stretcher out of him, and replaces it with his index and middle fingers and finds Sherlock’s prostate, eliciting from him a keening sob that sounds a bit like
“Mmmm, we just passed by Manchester. We’re near Blackburn. You’ve been asleep about two hours. Shall we stop and stretch a bit?”
Before either of them could respond, she said breathlessly, “First murder here in, god I don’t even know how long. Since the fifties, I think. It’s exciting. I mean, it’s terrible, but...
"Thank you." Sherlock smiles, still looking at his knees, his hands clasped at the small of his back.
John holds out his hands, one to each of them.
Sherlock nods back and his smile is gentle as he swings the door to closing, "We'll talk after dinner. Go get your shower. I have to go let the wine breathe."
, has to know every detail. He used to be able to deduce people without asking. Now his brain’s too heroin muddled for that. It’s all still in there, his intelligence, it’s burning like cinders at the ends of his damaged neurons, but he can’t
Sherlock’s sucking gently on the tendon in John’s neck, and it’s not even close to hard enough. “You can - harder. You can, if you want.”
“No, yes, you are. That’s what this is - it’s every part of each other.” John tucks a stray curl behind Sherlock’s ear, kisses his cheek. “That’s all. It’s not complicated.”
“We did.”
It was too late.
“I still don’t even know who we’re talking about.” Mike says, shrugging, and tucks into a Yorkshire pudding with gusto.
“Oh, hello.” Lester waved again, and John suddenly felt powerfully sorry for him, just for a moment. He was absolutely pathetic. Worse than Molly when he’d first met her.
"I'm sorry to say that I am." Sherlock followed, arms crossed over his chest. He looked exhausted, angular face rife with shadows, his eyes ringed with grey.
” is all Sherlock can manage as it starts to overwhelm him - his body shaking  uncontrollably, shivering even in the nearly oppressive heat of the room.
John lifted the corner of his mouth in a wicked grin. His voice was dark and lust drenched, "Yeah? You like your wild highland soldier?"
to?" His voice is quiet, hesitant. He's not trying to claim Sherlock, not trying to command him. He’s pleading.
The bare want in his voice was enough to knock the breath from my lungs. A shiver ran from my scalp to my toes, curling into the worn carpet. I moved forward, and his knees opened immediately to me. I slid between them, still standing, and brushed my fingertips over his hair. His eyes fell shut as he rolled his head into my touch, his knees tightening against the outsides of my thighs.
John could feel his eyes on him. He turned, already exasperated, and blew smoke in his face. “What are you staring at?”
Though Sherlock knows it’s anatomically impossible, it feels as though his heart actually
“Oh god yes.” John whispered.
Sherlock had recently been objecting more stringently about John’s work habits. John left early and stayed late, and wasn’t available for cases the way he’d once been. There was no need, Sherlock insisted. They made more than enough money from cases.
“Going out for a smoke?” She ignores his tone and strides across the kitchen. “Come on then.”
They finish up late, the tube is closed, and for once they can't find a cab. It's a cool night, their blood is pumping from the case, so they decide to just walk. Nearly home at three in the morning, Sherlock suddenly stops and unceremoniously yanks John into a dead end alley in the middle of Marylebone, leads them back until the light from the streetlamp is no longer visible, and shoves him face first against the wall. John gasps out a "Sherlock, what're you -"
Text me pictures of you in the shorts.
him. All that Pureblood rubbish, what the fuck was he playing at?” John’s fists clench reflexively as he paces the distance between two massive old oaks, his shoulders tight.
"Yes, I'm just...I need a minute." He breathed deep and regular, trying to push out of his mind the visions of Sherlock underneath him, twisting and weeping and covered in blood.
"Come here and lay with me." John gets up, and Sherlock does the same. He turns back the bedding and slips under. "We've never slept in a real bed together, like where we have sides to pick from. Can I have the right?"
Something is very, very wrong.
think it’s a brilliant plan, and he also really
“Do not.” Sherlock mumbles halfheartedly, kissing at John’s cheek.
A pair of canvas chairs under an ancient oak tree. A long eared dog asleep on a hearth rug. Sherlock’s eyes twinkling emerald and cerulean in the firelight, his hair silver. John’s hand curled around a cracked coffee mug.
The first rays of sunlight begin to burn at edges of the round windows, the feet of robins and little martins jumping round outside the in the dirt, pulling up worms for their breakfast. Shit, it’s six am. Sherlock stretches and stands, joints creaking, muscles tight, and stumbles exhaustedly down the hall. He crawls back into bed, not even bothering to turn back the bedclothes,  his head pounding. He’s got to get a bit more sleep before he meets John at nine to walk down to Hogsmeade.
He swallowed down the bile in his throat, though the dark blood against the grey sidewalk and the blank aquamarine eyes were inescapable. The image was lodged forever just behind his peripheral vision, barely out of sight. “Oh, yeah? And what did your research tell you about me?”
A cold shame washes over John. He shouldn’t have, shouldn’t have said a damn thing. “No. I - no.”
“Well, lovelies. This has been smashing, but I’m going to leave you to to yourselves and get my arse home to study.” Harry stands abruptly. “Expect me to unexpectedly show up on your doorstep frequently. Not that I don’t trust you, Sherlock, but I like to keep a close eye on this one.”
He slowed the car to a crawl, looking for Lou’s Diner. He spotted it, and pulled into the first parking place he saw. He stepped out of the Buick and lit a cigarette, shook the pack. Almost out again. He was well over a pack a day now. At some point it was going to kill him.
That first text from Sherlock had very nearly been the last. It was mortifying enough that a third year medical student needed a tutor for sodding
. You’re my family, Sherlock. You know that.”
, and watched the firelight flickering silver in your eyes while you told me two years worth of stories. I should have shut you up with a kiss at three in the morning, and lain down with you and kissed your hair and your nose and all the parts of you I never thought I’d see again.
Sherlock tries to jerk his head out of John’s grasp, pushes at his arms with his hands. John tightens his grip, and Sherlock drops his hands. He whimpers a little and casts his eyes on the floor.
“I do pride myself on it.” Sherlock kissed John’s forehead and hugged him tightly. “You alright?”
John’s hands flew to his face. Wracked by weeping, he couldn’t hold it in, shoulders shivering and his cheeks slippery with tears. He couldn’t speak. He couldn’t look at Sherlock. He was paralysed by this new reality. He’d lived for almost two years in grief, he was used to grief, and misery, and pain. He lived in them, they walked with him. He was alone. That was his reality.
“Not really my area. Just a good friend.”
John laughed, eyes twinkling, and he rubbed at the beginnings of scruff on his jaw. "Maybe I'll grow it back for you while we're up here."
relaxed. You have absolutely no idea what I’m like when I’m not relaxed.” John’s eyelid twitched slightly, and he could feel the venom in his smile. He needed to calm down.
"How can you misunderstand so deeply, Sherlock? You. Are.
''H'lo, love. Thinking?" John had clearly had more than a few pints. He flopped heavily on the sofa and tried to toe off his boots, lower lip jutting out in frustration when he couldn't manage it. It was devastatingly adorable.
Sherlock’s mouth in his hair, across his cheek.
“Is it Jim?”
Sherlock gingerly laid down next to John, his arms curled at his chest, legs rigidly straight.
"A few times. There was, a woman. American, really nasal voice. And Lester. Well, didn't know it was Lester until later, but yeah, talked to him on the phone a few times once I was in the states. While I was still here a home, just the woman and Malvo."
Lester Nygaard had killed his wife. With a hammer.
John smiles indulgently, concern still swimming in his eyes. “That’s my good boy. Food, and rest, and bed. No arguments.”
“Get down here and kiss me.” John’s hand left my hip, and drifted up to the back of my neck, tugging me down to meet his mouth with mine own.
“John, I want.” Sherlock seems incapable of articulating what it is exactly, that he wants, but his head tilts to the side, and he trails two fingers up the side of John’s cock and watches with smouldering eyes as John shakes and whines at this lightest of touches. “I want.”
He would drown in Sherlock Holmes and never even try to breathe.
John shakes his head, too fast, and blinks. “You won’t.”
"And no more of this Daddy business, alright? This is who we are, all the time. I can't accept this part of myself if you're calling me a different name while we're doing it. It's John who loves you, and takes care of you, and it's also John who spanks you and keeps you in line and who you obey. So. No more Daddy. That's done." John kneads at the back of Sherlock's neck, the words falling so easily from his lips. Now that they're here, in this space together, it's so natural. He's been resisting for so long, and there was never any need. This is who they are together just as much as any other incarnation of themselves.
Sherlock pays the bartender, careful to get their change, and hands John a plastic cup.
“Not.”
John and Sherlock delve a bit deeper into the mystery of Malvo.
sometimes. That’s the worst part.
"So what brings you back?" She positioned her pen over the pad balanced on her crossed legs and waited.
“Too much cleanup. Now insects, though...”
John shakes his head and surges up against Sherlock, grabbing his face between his hands and kissing him, their teeth clanging, and it isn't even a pleasant kiss. Instead it's exuberant and deep, and heartfelt, and it makes Sherlock's throat sore. John pulls back to pepper kisses down across Sherlock’s jaw, into the hollows of his neck, whispering, “I don’t, I don’t want it.”
“I’ll get you a flannel. Be right back, gorgeous.”
“No, John. I apologise.” Sherlock turned around and crossed the space between them in just two long strides, sank to his knees between John's legs and laid his cheek against the inside of his thigh. Somewhat breathlessly, "You could correct me for being late...only if you think it necessary."
Rather than just sit there and wait, Sherlock makes his way down to the field and hangs at the edge, waiting for the balls to be put back in their crate. Two other players carry the crate off and John finally turns to Sherlock, slinging his broom over his shoulder as he approaches.
“You don’t have to be still, love. I won’t bite you, I promise.”
Despite everything, John has the overwhelming urge to tell Sherlock to sit down, let him clean his foot, bandage it. He swallows, eyes fixed on a bloody smear next to the kitchen door.
with the effort.
Waking up next to John was always perfect, no matter which part of him it was. After so many years of separation, waking up together still came as somewhat of a happy surprise to Sherlock. He would often wake hours before the alarm and just watch John sleeping, memorising every flutter of his honey blonde lashes, mentally recording every mutter and grumble and sigh. It didn’t make up for all the hours of John sleeping that he’d missed out on before they were together, but it was deeply satisfying nonetheless.
“Oh.” Ginger sniffed, but it was a poor cover for the disapproving curl of his lip. He cleared his throat. “Wouldn’t have guessed that. You don’t look - well. Anyway. I’ll need to get your contact information,
The kettle whistles and John pours two cups of tea, though he knows Sherlock’s will go untouched until it’s cold and bitter. He sets the cup next to Sherlock’s chair, on the floor, and grabs his phone to email Ella about rescheduling. One damn appointment and she’s probably already completely fed up with him.
"That's how you ask, slut." John has to hold back his own thrill as the sound of the word reverberates through his entire body, the power of using it making his head light. He swallows and tries to focus his own desire on what he's going to give to Sherlock, not just the ache of desire in his own belly.
Sherlock shrugs, fingers trailing over John's scar, "There was a time, you know. When I was gone. Well, most of the time, actually, when I wasn't sure I'd ever see you again, so. There you were, a bit broken up, but
Sherlock clears his throat and takes a sip of his beer. "Yes. He wants - well, to be fair, I also want - a briefing on Malvo. We've no idea who he is, can't tie him to any particular crime. He's like a ghost."
“Yeah. That’d be lovely.”
There are men much less foul, but they take searching for. And Sherlock’s starting to shake, feel weak. He
“John.” Sherlock’s voice a harsh whisper, not trusting himself to say everything he’s feeling.
"Yes, John, come now. Oh god, please, you're so --" Sherlock wrapped his legs tight around John's hips, enraptured by the changing expressions on John's face as he got closer. He crossed his ankles against the small of John's back and rolled to meet John's rhythm. He was still half hard, John so perfectly full and thick inside him, hitting his prostate with every thrust. Electricity swarmed over him, his entire body alight and fizzing with arousal.  "You're so beautiful -- oh, John, there, yes, there, oh god..."
"I thought about you that night too," Sherlock whispers, pulling John's bottom lip between his teeth. He pushes at John's boxers with his toes, managing to pull the elastic down under one arse cheek. "I wanted this. I wanted you to come home to me and just - like this - with you on top of me - "
," Sherlock says again, and bites into John's shoulder.
needed that, would like that. You knew.” John threw the bandage wrapper in the wastepaper basket next to the bed, smoothed the adhesive over Sherlock’s skin.
to do. Not what I want
The day Sherlock brings home the bees, John shakes his head and tries to glare at Sherlock over the top of his half moon reading glasses, but he can't quite manage it.
“Fine. You’re not going to call your parents.” It’s not a question. John is his to protect now.
Sherlock was the caretaker now.
“I’ve got it, John.” Sherlock waves a hand at him.
"Yeah," John chokes out, and it sounds like a sob.
in love like this, had this kind of giddy elation coursing through him every second of every day, coexisting uncomfortably with the nervous terror that it will all fall away. That Sherlock will get hurt, that one day John won’t be there to protect him, that because of the nature of who they are and what they do, this kind of happiness is a desperately fragile thing. He’s already almost lost Sherlock twice. The thought always lurks darkly in the back of his mind that each casual
“A bit, yeah. I left my jacket at home. Didn't realise it was going to get so chilly.”
"Yeah?"
Time slows. They’re completely lost in each other, Sherlock sinking down into the mattress with John’s weight on top of him, the fire crackling and spitting, rain skidding down the wavering window panes. It’s
They walk close enough for their hands to brush, the night growing cool around them. It’s miles of companionable silence, their knuckles sweeping past each other occasionally, shoulders bumping, before they get to what Sherlock calls home. Tower Bridge looms in the night sky as Sherlock moves a few pieces of hastily stacked lumber and a few canvas cloths spattered with paint and reveals a wide stairway down into pitch blackness.
John bites his lip, looks down where their pinkies are still touching, shoulders pressed together. "Do you
Sherlock scrabbles for the door handle, can’t find it. Gets a handful of velour and fake wood paneling, the wood coming away in his fingers. He can’t breathe. Got to find a way out.
"You sound relieved."
“Oh.” Sherlock says again, which is apparently the limits of his speech right now, which is fine by John.
.” Jim enunciates every word, watches Sherlock with an open mouth for a long second. Takes a deep breath and scratches his head, turns away. “You know, Sherlock, I might have left you alone, let you move on with the golden boy over here...but you just had to rub it in my face. I can’t have that. You had to know I couldn’t have that.”
Sherlock whimpers at the first pull of his skin between John’s teeth, the sweet pleasure-pain of blood vessels breaking. “I want you to push my limits, see how much I can take. I want you to -
"Yeah." Sherlock slips in beside John, surrounded by the scent of lavender, and the heat of John's body.
“I just - forgot -” He wants to say
"But you always said..."
Sherlock opens his eyes, which is bizarre because he didn’t even remember closing them, and John’s still kissing him. All he can see is the fuzzy golden edge of John’s hair and the water stain on the ceiling above them. John is
“John.” Sherlock whispers, his voice thick with tension, his nails scratching restless little patterns on John’s scalp.
Sherlock nods, mouth open. He looks wrecked and needy, his eyes as rough as a storm tossed sky.
. Because god, what if? How long? How long would he not have to...?
“Yeah.” John swallows, the bitter aftertaste of the whiskey on the back of his tongue. Malvo’s face flashes in front of him, that smug dirty smile, his overlarge teeth. “
"I feel the same. You're my one and only, sweetheart." Feeling calmer than he has in perhaps his entire life, John understands now what they've been working towards all these months. Balance. Equilibrium. Pain and pleasure in equal measure. The release they both need within the carefully constructed boundaries of this life they've made together. This is who they are. This is who John is. Without fear, and without reservation.
"Fuck, you're gorgeous like this. My pet. My perfect creature. I should have put you in a collar years ago." John circles his thumb in the wetness at the head of Sherlock's cock, making him whimper. His thighs are shaking already. "The collar is for both of us. You wear it when one of us wants this, and no other time."
“Yessir.” Sherlock smiled triumphantly down at John as Ginger turned away.
"Good," Sherlock purrs, lips moving against John's ear. "Because I
Then John’s hand was flat against his chest, pushing him back. He withdrew, half relieved that he wasn’t the one who had to choose to stop, and half disappointed that they were. “Alright?”
You were careful with me even then, every new touch accompanied by a soft
“Yes, I’m alright.” Sherlock nuzzles into John’s lap, his nose brushing the inside of John’s thigh, and that spark of arousal flares brighter.
“No. I don’t feel sorry for you. I’m not pitying you, Sherlock. It’s not some good samaritan bullshit.” John sucks his top lip into his teeth, his eyes wary and a bit glazed. “So can you just cut the shit and come here and let me sleep on you? Cause I’m really fucking knackered - it’s more tiring than you would think, being stabbed - and I just really want to lay with you. Can you just stop being so...whatever the hell you’re being right now, and just do that? And we’ll talk about everything later?
“Sounds perfect. Come on, then.”
“Oh god, Sherlock, oh god…” John’s arm moves up and back as he touches himself, his body curls inward, shaking.
“Shhhhh. I’ve got you. I just - I want to - “ John’s eyes are half closed as he shimmies down, his mouth open against Sherlock’s collarbone, tonguing at his nipples. Sherlock’s fingers slide through his hair, tug on it just the slightest bit and John answers with a satisfyingly deep groan. He pushes the heel of his hand against the soft fleshy part of Sherlock’s thigh, “Open your legs, there we go. Oh, god, you are
"And did you...enjoy it?"
"Shhhh. It's okay." Their roles are completely reversed, Sherlock murmuring words John's heard come out of his own mouth so many times. His adrenaline is spiking, his breath coming in short little gasps through his flaring nose, his skin burning even as he shivers in the cold air. He tries to say "Please," ends up just licking at Sherlock's palm.
, superseding what I knew about myself, making a decision for me I knew was wrong and I let you."
"You're the smartest person I've ever known. Much more so than I am. You’re remarkable, John." Sherlock says shakingly. He’s trembling so hard, John can see it.
Sherlock squeezed his hand and glanced over. John's face was relaxed, his head leaned back against the headrest. "Alright. Tell me about it?"
“I love you, too,” Sherlock gathered John into his chest and rubbed at the small of John’s back, thinking how impossible it had once been to say that to each other. And how grateful he was that they could say it now.
John ruffled Sherlock’s hair as he passed, easy and affectionate. Sherlock watched him as he set off, silhouetted against the low mountains rising purple across the loch.
"John. I've got you, it's alright." Sherlock's hands closed round his biceps and dragged him upright, "Listen. You
"Just leave us alone, alright? We've nothing to do with you. I don't need your fucking drugs anymore, and I don't care about revenge. You don't need us, you...Just leave us be and we'll never bother you. I promise." Sherlock's aware that he's pleading. That this isn't at all what he came here for, and that he's utterly failed. He doesn't care right now, about being clever, or winning. He just wants peace, with John. He wants to go home to him, and crawl into bed, into the radiating warmth of John's muscular beautiful body. He wants John surrounding him, wants John's stale morning breath and sleep crusted eyes staring at him. He wants them to share a cigarette and a latte at that coffee shop under the flat, the sunrise just barely visible behind the roofs. He wants out of here, out of this ridiculous situation he's put himself in, and Jim does so love it when people beg.
Sherlock lifted his hips once, experimentally, and John bucked wildly, a throaty growl tearing out of him. He released Sherlock's hands and fell forward over him, mouthing and nipping wetly at his throat, licking at his collarbone and his jaw. Sherlock pressed his feet into the mattress and thrust up firmly. John writhed against him and bit into his shoulder, gasping out desperate little whines.
"Thank you." To his great surprise, it's heartfelt. He means it. He is thankful. For her calling 999, for staying with him, just for noticing he was there in the first place. No one ever looks at him anymore. The invisible street kid no one wants to see. But she did. She saw him, and she helped them, and she’s still here.
Sherlock licks his lips and yawns, threads his fingers through his hair. “
A bell jingled merrily as he opened the door. This place was the opposite of the dreary Denny’s in Minneapolis. It was clean and warm and friendly, the kind of place people grew up in, made memories in. He thought immediately of Angelo’s, him wolfing down pasta, Sherlock watching him bemusedly, their knees bumping under the table.
me, sweetheart." Jim smoothly picks the remote back up and the telly comes to life, music blaring into the silent room. "I'm not interested in your ill conceived plotting and your lovelorn begging. I'll be watching. You can be certain of that. When you're ready to play with Daddy, I'll know."
“None of that was your fault. Alright?” John says again, his voice no more than a whisper of wind between tree branches. His thumb rubs a line down to Sherlock’s wrist. “He’s just a wanker. Let’s forget it happened, yeah? We were having a nice walk before that, weren’t we?”
“Okay,” Sherlock’s fingers dig hard into John’s hips, the muscles in his arms ropey and straining as he pulls John back and forth. “Oh, god, I’m - “
“John?” Sherlock whispers, confused and unsure.
John traces the shell of his ear with a fingertip. "Talk to me."
alright. I'm being awful to you."
"Yeah," Sherlock pants, his voice breathy and much higher than John's ever heard it, shifting his hips against John's, his cock hard and hot between them.
It’s unhurried, the way they move together, the whole of Sherlock’s body covering the whole of John’s body, their knees pressed together, Sherlock with one foot tensed and pushing against the corner of the mattress, rocking them both down and forward, making the ancient bed frame creak ominously. Sherlock kisses John’s shoulder, and his neck, and the sweet tender place behind his ear. John moans and strains cursorily against Sherlock’s hands, finally stops trying to hold himself up even the least bit, letting his knees slide apart and laying flat on his stomach against the mattress while Sherlock fucks him slow.
John laughs, too, easily and genuinely, and everything feels so breakable. Sherlock shuts his eyes against it, refusing to allow what’s coming later to intrude upon this.
“Yes, of course. We’ll go back home and hide it. No one will find it, I promise.”
“Lester. You have to tell me absolutely everything about this tall English man you saw, including where the fuck did he go?” John huffed out his nose, his head throbbing. His mouth tasted of tobacco and vomit, and he felt disgusting. “But first, go get me a Coke, and something to eat, and do it fast. There’s money in my jeans.”
I grinned around him, unable to hide my satisfaction at his response, and counted his heartbeats as they thudded heavily on the inside of my bottom lip. I hummed and John quaked above me, emitting a long low groan, and I realised that in my eagerness I had been licking rather hard at the sensitive underside of his cock, bringing him much closer to his crisis than I had intended to.
John exhaled in a rush as he sank into me fully, his hand on my hip tightening. “Christ,
Fuck. Shit. He should have known there would be police involved. His mind starts racing, trying to sort out a story that doesn’t involve Jim, because then they truly would be dead. Jim’s slippery as a fish, he’ll never end up in prison. They’ll probably end up dead anyway, because John wasn’t meant to live, and he’s alive. Jim will never leave them alone.
John nudges Sherlock with his elbow, and Sherlock understands, leaps up to relieve Mrs Hudson of the tray.
“When do you have a break?”
“Sounds glorious.”
I’ll tear the goddamned room apart, Mycroft, I swear to god.”
Jim snorts, laughs. “You believe this? He doesn’t know me very well, does he, Sherlock?”
Sherlock hovered, hands still outstretched. "Are you sure?
Sherlock shakes his head quickly. "No. Before. When I was -- not this."
Finally Sherlock speaks, his voice dangerously quiet. "You interfered with my work. You prevented me from solving a case. And I permitted you to do it. That cannot ever happen again."
"Yes. Listen, John, I'm so - "
"Completely." John grins, biting at Sherlock's lower lip and pushing his hands up over his head. "And you'll love it."
John grumbled and waved his arm dismissively at Sherlock, threw it over his ear.
"I don't want you to have to take care of me." John whispered finally, and tucked his face practically in Sherlock's armpit, muffling the end of his sentence.
He was having a more intimate moment with this prostitute than he’d ever had with Sherlock; their legs brushing under the sheet, talking softly across sweaty pillows, sharing a smoke. It was so wrong, so desperately wrong. I’m betraying him. I am. And I can’t stop. I love you still, and I can’t stop this.
Before John could find his voice to ask what he could be offended about, Sherlock was slipping an arm behind his knees and hoisting him up so he was laying in the cradle of Sherlock's arms. He leaned backward so John's weight was centered, and turned sideways to walk up the steps to 221B.
"I thought you were hunting down Moriarty's network for the last two years."
your stomach growling."
. It's everything that he's talked himself out of wanting, never thinking he would even live to see twenty, that he'd OD all alone some miserable night on a cold tile floor and that would be it. Nice is everything it isn't. It's heartbreaking, and magical, and precious, and Sherlock could stay like this forever. If he hadn't made choices that needed to be atoned for. If Jim didn't exist.
“Okay.” Sherlock nods, his eyes ticked up at the corners, every laugh line and crease deepening as his smile grows.
“God, you really mean it.”
you. I would die without you, just simply cease to be. There would be nothing left of me without you.
John rocks up on his tiptoes to whisper something in the bartender’s ear, calf muscles tensing into perfect hearts as he stretches. His knees spread just the tiniest bit, tendons standing out, and Sherlock’s mouth floods with saliva. He swallows hard, trying to regain some of his normal control over his body. Everything in him is pulled to John in a way that feels inevitable.
, and he just can't make himself put a stop to it.
He kissed me in response, fierce and hard, nipping at my bottom lip and making me gasp. His hand cupped possessively around the back of my head, holding me in place, and tilted his head to deepen the kiss. I submitted willingly to him, parting his lips with my tongue and licking decadently slowly into the warm wet cavern of his mouth. He hummed against my tongue as his thumb rubbed a circle behind my right ear.
“I’m going to take you. Fill you up and ruin you for anyone but me. You want that, my sweet lass?”
"I mean it. I won't leave you. Not in this life."
“I love
. I love you so much.”
, you’re so...are you really mine? Forever, no matter what happens? Mine?" Oh, so he’s definitely still drunk, because he knows he wouldn’t say such a silly thing if he weren’t. Even though it’s true, so true, he feels it in his bones, John is the only person he’s ever needed to possess this way, to be possessed by.
He shuffles off the bed, aching and empty, pours himself a cup of cold coffee and curls in his chair with his knees drawn up to his chest. He pulls a blank notebook, the kind he usually keeps case notes in, off the bookshelf.
“Nor can I, John.” Sherlock tentatively reached out and laid a hand on John’s thigh. “I...I love you. I have always, and nothing you tell me will change that.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock finishes, snuggling down into John’s warm body, relishing the weight of John leaning against him.
you’re my best friend. You silly sod.” John puts his hands on Sherlock’s biceps, flips them over so Sherlock’s flat on his back, and crawls on top of him, straddles his hips. Neither of them is hard - he doesn’t care. There’s something heartbreakingly intimate and trusting about their soft cocks pressed together. He finally pulls his open shirt off, throws it across the bedroom, and they’re completely bared to each other.
John’s right hand on his back, rubbing a slow circle. John’s left hand on his knee, warm and heavy. John’s lips soft against his cheek. Oh. Kissing - John is
John stared at him a long moment. Talking about Sherlock was impossible. He couldn’t say his name, and wouldn’t ever dare to utter it in front of a man like this. Sherlock’s name was a benediction. Only worthy people deserved to hear it, and John wasn’t even one of the worthy any more.
John holds up the condom, a mischievous glint in his eye. "Looking for this?"
John swallowed, saliva sliding thick down his tensed throat. "No. I am
anyone to stick around.
But Hogwarts was an overwhelming place for an anxious and naturally solitary child like Sherlock. It was made more difficult when he was sorted into Hufflepuff and separated from his Slytherin older brother. Without the consistency of Mycroft’s comforting presence, he'd had to socialise by himself for the first time in his life, and found he was rather horrible at it. He's only managed to make a few close friends in all his years here - Molly, Mike Stamford, James, who doesn't really count anymore, and -
He stretches two fingers between, just to see if he can reach, and
"You're not. You've been through a massive amount of trauma and recovery is not linear. I don't expect you to just get better every day without regression."
Soft smile, furrowed brow. "It's alright. Let's get you inside."
is why I’ve never thought I had to say it back, to parrot out formulaic overused words that mean nothing to us, to what we are. I thought you
“Well…” She hesitated, and glanced behind her. Seeing the corridor empty, she shrugged and beckoned John closer. “I’m not really supposed to, but.”
John pulls off, looks up at him with fire in his eyes. "You don't
There’s a plastic straw pressed against his lips, and he opens up pliantly, drawing a cool refreshing flood of soda over his tongue. It tastes heavenly - sweet and peppery and calming - and he drinks and drinks, head resting back against the lumpy hospital pillows, until Sherlock tugs the straw gently away.
if I fancy him, I don’t - it’s not as though anything’s going to come of it anyway. I mean.
"No." Sherlock takes a drag, gazes steadily at John.
“Sure.” Sherlock tries very hard not to blush, feeling terribly wrong-footed and confused about what’s going on inside him right now. When John, rather sleepily, shoves a Cauldron Cake in his hand as a thank you, he can’t even bring himself to tell John he hates the damned things, and he just eats it.
was right on the tip of his tongue, but he could feel Sherlock's eyes on him and he swallowed it back. Trying to be the old John. Old John would not shout at strangers. He smiled again. "Okay. I think I can -- Let's go inside."
Sherlock watched the swing of the kilt against the backs of John's knees as he walked out of the sitting room, and he couldn't stop himself from reaching down and giving his prick a few hard pulls. He moaned in relief, the coil of arousal that was tight in his belly loosening just for a moment. He exhaled hard and put his hands above his head, trying to calm his uneven breathing, the staccato of his heartbeat. They'd role played before, but there was always an element of silliness to it, both of them fully aware of the artifice of the scene. This didn't feel the same. This time, Sherlock felt utterly transported. He did feel like a swooning maiden, he did feel like one of the characters in one of Mrs Hudson's ridiculous romance novels
“Piss off,” John grins, eyes shifting away from Sherlock’s, and immediately gets up to take Rose’s trunk. He stretches up to toss it on the luggage rack above their heads, his tee shirt riding up to reveal a sliver of toned stomach, pale skin above the waist of his jeans. He flops back in his seat, his short muscular legs stretched out in front of him, ankles crossed.
“Okay?” Sherlock pauses, shaking with anticipation, with need.
The gravel crunched resoundingly under his boots, nostrils filling with the sharp tang of pine needles, the musty odor of damp earth. It was an utterly foreign smell, nothing like the countryside round London which was vaguely floral and assiduously maintained by human hands. These smells were much more primal. Unspoiled.
Sherlock wakes up enough, after some nudging, to accept the bites of cheese and banana that John slips between his lips. John makes him drink half a tumbler of water, and then sets the tray on the floor. They shift down until they're both lying flat, and Sherlock adheres himself to John's side, head on John's bare chest. He throws an arm over John's hips and tucks his hand down into the waistband of his pyjamas.
“So good, baby, Christ. You’re going to make me come already.” His voice catches on every word. Wracked with shivers, he reaches past Sherlock and yanks the bedside drawer open, fumbles for the lube, “Oh God. Fuck.
John's so volatile. God knows how he'll react to talking about all these painful and difficult things. Maybe John will be angry with him, and everything that Sherlock’s been nervously anticipating for two weeks will finally come pouring out and it will be like starting all over again. Sherlock's own pain over the last two years seems nothing in the light of John's blinding grief.
John whispered tender words,
. But close. Also, I’m laying in - well, I’d like to move over.”
The cab pulls to an abrupt stop at the kerb of grey stone house, black scuffed door with a crooked 221 hanging from it. Next to it is a shuttered cafe with a ragged burgundy awning that reads Speedy's. It's much shabbier than the rest of the block, the rest of the neighborhood. That suits Sherlock perfectly. Imperfect. Messy. An unfamiliar sense of -- comfort, maybe -- wells up in him, looking at this unabashedly ordinary house in the middle of fashionable Marylebone. He can envision their life here. For the first time in over a year, he sees himself playing his violin again, standing in the window looking down into the street while John sways behind him with his hands on Sherlock's waist. They're
and I wriggle back against you, settling our bodies together, and kiss the inside of your wrist.
“So.”
“Well. See, these two, whaddya call em...roughnecks, I guess, the bearded fella and the deaf one, they must be looking for Malvo. They found me, then you, and tossed us both in the trunk of their car. They were going to kill us. You were out for most of it. They took us to the lake, cut a hole in the ice. Asking all kinds of questions about who killed Sam Hess, who did we work for. I had this taser I took from my brother’s house, and I used it on the bearded fella, bought me a little time to pick you up and we ran like heck.” Lester paused, clearly proud of himself, and looked at John expectantly.
"I would like that, John." Sherlock's voice quivering, muffled against the sheets, his knees sliding ever farther apart, even as he struggles to stay up.
Sherlock lets his legs fall open and John rolls to the side, pulling Sherlock to him in one smooth motion. Sherlock sighs and wriggles and sighs again and tucks his sweaty hair under John's chin and twines his left arm over John's stomach and John's left arm goes behind Sherlock's shoulders so he can put his hand in those curls and twist them idly round his fingers.
“Oh.” John smiles, and this time it reaches his eyes. He inclines his forehead, rests it against Sherlock’s. “No. Not really hungry right now.”
"When are we not anxious, Sherlock? Never a dull moment for us, eh?" He knows how weak it sounds, but his mouth can't form the right words. He actually is starting to feel like he can't physically breathe. Like his ribs are constricting the expansion of his lungs, digging into them sharply.
Sherlock leaves his finger inside of John, feeling each of his muscles slackening around him in the aftermath of orgasm. He can feel every little aftershock, every twitch. He touches his middle finger to the outside of his hole, questioning. John doesn’t pull away. Sherlock pushes the second fingertip in, John’s body opening to him more easily now. His legs fall open farther and he hums against Sherlock’s lips as the second finger sinks in deep.
“No. But there’s two people.”
Mycroft sighs heavily and clears his throat. “I’ll just press on then. Malvo’s methodology is unsurprisingly similar to his mentor’s. He works mostly alone,
“I missed you, too.”
John’s head was buzzing so hard he could barely think. He watched as Sherlock picked up the other scalpel and pressed it against his arm. Anticipation coiled hot in his belly. He laid the blade in his hand against Sherlock’s arm, and looked up at him.
“Yeah, alright.” Fumbling, one-handed, the clink of the metal lid not fitting, and Sherlock gives up immediately, throws the whole damned thing to the floor while his legs fall open and John laughs and laughs into the hollow of his shoulder.
. I like that.” John swallows, and looks suddenly serious. He blinks a few times and licks his lips, scratches the back of his neck nervously. “I like. You. I really like you, Sherlock.”
John runs his fingers over the base of the toy again, breathing hard, his lips dry. He wants so much right now he's having a hard time focusing. He slides his hands around and pulls Sherlock's hips down. "Go ahead and lie down."
“Good morning, good morning.” She entered backwards, her skirt catching on the rough worn wood of the doorframe, carrying our breakfast tray, laden with fresh scones, butter and jam, and tea. “I apologise for the lateness, Dr Watson, I didn’t wake at my usual time this morning.”
"That's it, Sherlock, that's - fuck, you're beautiful."
John found he didn't so much care that Sherlock had just carried him up the steps like a child, not now, when he was sitting here, dripping rainwater all over the sofa in 221B, the flat looking exactly as it had the day he'd left. Sherlock's chemistry set still on the table, Sherlock's dirty coffee mug from that last morning before it all went to shit sitting mouldy and ruined on the desk next to John's laptop. He'd never been able to move a thing. It had felt too much like he was erasing Sherlock.
Warmth floods through him at John’s easy endearment, his brain muddled with a rush of oxytocin.
“That’s a terrible pun, John.”
They've never talked about what it is about John that makes Sherlock - the man who normally dominates everyone in the room - want to submit, give up his power. They’ve never talked about why Sherlock needs John’s praise and approval, or less often John’s hand hard and punishing across his bum. Never why. Just how. They’ve never explored the motivation behind why they both need this so badly. John's never even given a thought to how this all works in his own life. Why he likes this. In fact, he often tells himself that he doesn’t like it, that’s it’s not for him. It’s for Sherlock. It's always been about Sherlock.
Sherlock nods. "I understand that."
“Got yourself a bodyguard here, Sherlock. Careful, pretty boy. Sherlock  will get you into lots of trouble.” The sing song in his voice is menacing. John doesn’t flinch.
it. I want all those things we talked about."
John had barely suppressed the shiver that rippled down his spine, watching Sherlock watching him, the immediate connection between them palpable and electric. Sherlock laid it on so thick - the flirting, the cool guy routine. It was both endearing and sexy as hell, and John hadn’t been so enthralled by someone, well.
"No, I don't want you to stop," Sherlock reaches down, curls his fingers around John's ear, his eyes watching the motion of John's hand inside his pants, "I just. I'm so - I'm really close already."
, the repercussions of that life are trailing icy cold fingers along the back of his neck, ready to strangle him at the slightest wrong move.
“Oh, was I being ambiguous before? I thought I was pretty straightforward, the whole
A whimpering cry shuddered out of him, his fingers digging into John's waist. He ground his hips forward, the hard length of him rubbing against John's stomach. "Yes, yes, please. Oh, god, John, fuck me, please."
John’s entire body jerks, his shoulders tightening, and he makes a small, desperate sound and then gasps out, “More. Please. I need, I need more.”
Finally I had been permitted to politely take my leave, and I hurriedly took the first train back to London. It left at midnight, the last train out of the station, and one might expect that I would have slept. I was as far from tired, however, as it was possible to be. I was tense and miserable, wanting only to be home with my Watson. The nearly six hour ride had only increased my foul temper, and I had paced the train car restlessly until we had pulled into Waterloo and I had very nearly flown off the train before it had stopped moving.
The weight of John across his thighs, the rhythmic smack of his hands on Sherlock's bare skin as he sings softly along with the song, it's all so. Almost hypnotising. Sherlock tosses the kindle aside, laying his head down on his folded arms, a cosy drowsiness spreading through him.
"You have some explaining to do, son. Shall we do it here, or am I going to have to take you to the station?"
“At Greg and Molly’s, remember? For Greg’s retirement? We’re bringing wine.”
Sherlock gapes, stunned, unable to answer John. His heart is thumping out his chest. Never, never did he think he would see Molly Hooper again. He assumed she was an unidentified body, a bloated corpse being buffeting by the currents at the bottom of the Thames. He can’t remember how swallowing works.
What if? What. if.
- tell you?”
“Mmm. Was. Not now.” Sherlock squirms closer, his nose pushing into the hollows of John’s throat, fingers exploring up under the ragged hem of John’s well worn tee shirt.
Sherlock’s hands dive into his hair, frantically tugging. His eyes are brimming with angry tears. “I’ve never. Never not solved a case.
“They’re crossing the street...they’re looking at the bus schedule. The one you recognised has his phone out, texting - contacting Malvo, no doubt.”
Ginger’s eyebrow lifted. “Ah.” His gaze flicked down to the wedding bands on their fingers. “Taking the wives for a nice country break?”
John was smiling, but Sherlock didn’t miss the touch of melancholy in his eyes as he turned and looked toward the loch and the village. Sherlock pressed his palm into the small of John’s back, and John leaned into him. They finished their coffee in silence, watching a cold autumn sun slowly burn the fog away.
“Because. Because this is my fault.”
A gentle kiss landed on my brow, and then John was settling himself back down against me, making soft sleepy noises into my hair. I allowed my eyes to drift shut, thinking contentedly about the next time we received clients, John leaning against the side of
Our romantic and sexual relationship being a fairly recent development, after having been subverted for so long, our passion for one another burned hot and constant. We could barely sometimes make it safely in the front door of our flat, though we knew we had to. I had been pressed up against the back of that door more times than I could count, John’s hands plucking frustratedly at my buttons, his mouth raising red marks just under my collar, as we rutted and groaned, kissing messily and clinging to each other in our desperation.
Sherlock breathes out harder than he ever has in his life, chills racing over his skin, his whole body tingling in fearful anticipation. The night is freezing cold at this point, but he doesn't even register it. He's chilled to the bone for reasons that have nothing to do with the sudden onset of the damp London autumn.
There’s only one person who would be sending Sherlock a letter from the Ministry in the middle of the night. Sherlock slips his finger under the flap to break the wax seal and unrolls the parchment. Sure enough, his brother’s narrow scrawl, just one line of text.
“Yes, alright,” Sherlock stretches, aware suddenly that his stomach is rumbling rather insistently. “Let me get my shoes back on.”
Jesus fucking Christ. Was the guy calling him back to make sure he said goodbye?
"Seems like it." John said, tight.
“Don’t leave ever.”
Laughter wells up, pushing the tears away. “We are
“Uh huh,” John lisped out, one endorphin slackened arm flopping heavily over Sherlock’s shoulders. With his other hand, he fumbled at the flap of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms.
Sherlock began recording how many times a day John laughed, the approximate decibel and duration, and what had made him laugh. He regretted he had no control study, that he'd not recorded John's laughter frequency before the The Beard, but it couldn't be helped. Instead he discovered through an extensive Google search and sifting through scads of uni research papers, that most middle aged men laughed 4 to 8 times per day. John laughed 12 - 15 times a day now.
“What?” Sherlock stops rinsing John’s hair. He sounds apprehensive and shocked.
in my hand, not some damned condom." Warm soft lips trail over Sherlock's Adam's apple, down to his collarbone.
John Watson’s smile in a bottle is something every person on earth should be able to have.
“Not particularly. It’s more like...stinging.” Sherlock pushed the scalpel into John’s hand, picked up an unused alcohol swab and rubbed it over his arm, making spirals of clean skin in the blood. He opened another one, and unbent John’s arm, swept the swab up and down John’s forearm.
There's always been such an emptiness, such a hollow inside him, an ache. An ache for something intangible, undefinable. Something missing. He always felt like there was something wrong with him. He's tried ignoring it, tried filling it with danger and drugs, with cynicism, with science. Nothing ever helped close this wound inside him that made just living, just the dailies - getting up, going to school, going to parties and talking to people; things that seemed easy for everyone else - so goddamned hard for him.
“I want to touch you, John. Please.”
“Yeah, well, playing rugby four nights a week will do that.” John tilted his head and smiled down at Sherlock. “You sure you don’t want me to - um - clean up a bit?”
John looks wary. Heat rises in his cheeks. Perfect cheeks. Just hollow enough, round on the bone, handsome. He’s handsome. His eyelashes flutter as he looks down, upper row catching on the lower as his eyes shut. “I don’t have to. Can I just...finish my sandwich?”
John smiles slow and honey sweet, takes the tips of Sherlock's fingers into his mouth. "Yes," he says, and cants his hips gently, jerking forward with a harsh pant. "I'm still angry, but - I think you're beginning to get it. How this works. How
This he did over and over - rubbing me, stretching me - all the while kissing and nibbling at my arse and thighs reverently, until I was absolutely delirious. My body curled in on itself, head resting on my folded arms, my hips rolling uncontrollably against the press of John’s hand. His knuckles brushed against my bollocks and I groaned, my stomach contracting hard. I opened my eyes to see the maroon flush of my thighs, the streaks of sweat down my belly.
“I already told you - at the flat - I’m
"I love him, Mycroft. He's everything to me. You
“You’re Mycroft Holmes’ brother.” Lily Potter looks at him approvingly. “My dad says he’s brilliant.”
I forgive you.”
Sherlock's head snaps up. He looks into Lestrade's earnest chocolate brown eyes, solid and plain like the rest of him. Lestrade looks back evenly, a kind smile on his lips. Sherlock realises they may actually have an ally here.
And now, nearly sixteen months after that first text, here he sits, dressed in his best fitting jeans and a brand new button down, in an uncomfortable chair in this overheated coffee shop, waiting. Impatiently waiting, his skin feeling stretched thin, his head beginning to throb. Digging his knuckles into his eyes, he opens them to a long shadow falling across the table.
“Thank you.” John’s wine glass is empty. He’s feeling more than a little relaxed, and more comfortable with himself than he has, maybe ever. “This is good for us, you know. The dom/sub stuff. It just suits who we are. I
"You see, Holmes," Watson drew back, panting slightly, his pink lips wet with our shared saliva, "Did I not tell you that absence makes the heart grow fonder?"
Harry’s gone and John’s asleep when he gets back to the hospital. There's a note scrawled on a brown canteen napkin taped to the door with a plaster.
Sherlock shakes his head, overwhelmed, his whole body tensing up, jaw muscle jumping. John slows his hand but doesn't stop. Two fingers lightly up and back, rubs the pad of his thumb gently over the tip, precome smearing across his palm. "You feel so good," he repeats, kissing Sherlock's sternum and nipping at the dip where his ribs swoop down into his stomach. Sherlock gasps and bends up, his leg arcing around John's thigh.
"Baby, I'm going to - stop now. That's it,
Sherlock pulled John back down as he started to straighten up, kissed him again with a bit more heat, and rubbed his lips against the wiry curls round his mouth. John planted two firm hands on Sherlock’s knees and moved back. He flipped Sherlock’s fringe back from his forehead and put a kiss there, too.
The blizzard had just gotten heavy when John left Lester’s and headed back to his hotel. He half thought he had finally lost his mind entirely. He’d made Lester read the texts, to make sure they were real, that he wasn’t just hallucinating them.
They share long deep kisses, John pulling Sherlock’s lips between his own, Sherlock nibbling lazily at John’s tongue. He feels raw in all the right ways, like John has taken off a layer of him that didn’t belong and left him rubbed pink and shiny, brand new. John kisses him and kisses him, and doesn’t show any urgency at getting himself off, even though he’s hard and blood hot against Sherlock’s stomach.
to see you, don’t misunderstand, but I have a lot of questions and a hell of a lot of anger.”
“Oh, you’re not supposed to smoke in the…”
That’s who the face was, black curls tumbling into John’s blonde hair as those perfect lips had swept over his forehead. No no no no. That could not have happened. Sherlock could not possibly have been here. It was dream, a hallucination. He was on powerful painkillers, that was the explanation.
Sherlock sets his chin in his hands and tilts his head, watching the yeast devour the sugar. He can’t believe that he’s missed out on this all this time, watching the process of separate ingredients meld, blend, alter their chemical composition, become new. “John, this is
"Alright." Sherlock whispers shakily. His cheeks are flushed as John pulls away. Flushed with blood. John's so close to his face, he can see his capillaries. All that
“Let’s get somewhere private. You have cash?” Sherlock lets the guy continue fondling him, waits.
"You've been thinking about this for a long time, haven't you?" John says fondly, taking hold of Sherlock's chin and turning his head to face him. Sherlock's green grey eyes are glowing like raw emeralds in the semi darkness, searching John's, imploring him to understand, to agree.
Sherlock takes both John’s petite hands in one of his and lays them against his sternum, so John can feel him breathing. “I’m here.”
“Well, I only have the first floor flat. Actually…”
Lester handed him a styrofoam cup of water, watched him drinking it with unblinking eyes.
He drops his gaze, cheeks burning, suddenly unable to look at her.
John sucked in a breath and tried to calm his hammering heart. They were right. He was all out of sorts, just drunk enough to be morose and tetchy. These were guys he worked with every day, who had been to Baker Street for dinner before, who knew and liked Sherlock. This evening was spiraling quickly downhill, and if he was honest, the real object of his ill temper was Sherlock. For missing the match, for not needing him on the case. That wasn't Owen's or Tommy's fault, or even really Sherlock's.
“I know, sweetheart, I know. Me too.” John smoothes his hand over Sherlock’s quivering back, settling him. It’s natural for him to take the lead between them in everything but The Work, and it seems sex is going to be no different. “Come on.”
“Absence, my dear Watson, makes the heart grow fonder.” I pressed my mouth to his, and held him, pulling him up until he was nearly on tiptoes. As we broke apart, I whispered against his lips, “And I like my present.”
She patted his face, and then wiped at her own eyes with her apron. "That pie's about done. I'll put on the coffee."
Sherlock's mouth drops open for just a second. "That was not at all what I was expecting you to say."
“Other side of the tennis courts.”
Sherlock can feel John’s Adam’s apple moving against his shoulder as he swallows hard. “I know. Alright. Fuck Malvo. Fuck Minnesota. Fuck all of it. I don’t give a shit anymore. I don’t want - I don’t want to have to be that person anymore, Sherlock.”
Tears well up again, burning behind his eyelids. Sherlock loves him and they’re about to die. This is so goddamned unfair.
“Goodnight, Molly.” Sherlock opens the door to the boys’ dormitory hallway, a warm barrel-ceilinged space hung with dozens of copper lamps that cast an orange glow over every surface.
“I’m going to be an Auror, like my brother.”
Sherlock strips off his trousers and pants, stands with his back to John as he picks out a pair of pyjama bottoms. John allows himself a moment to appreciate the gracefulness of that silhouette, broad shoulders, the ripple and swell of each muscle in his back, the curve of his buttocks, firm and perfectly round, the long muscular thighs tapering into slightly knobbly knees and calves that could belong to a ballet dancer.
,” he grinds out between clenched teeth, hips jerking faster, fingering Sherlock harder and harder, fucking him with his fingers instead of his cock.
So it came as a surprise one chilly winter evening, snuggled cosily in the sitting room watching a Doctor Who marathon, when John mentioned he was thinking of growing a beard.
" Sherlock breathes out. He can't comprehend this. How everything has changed, how it all feels - romantic, suddenly. Like they're in a film where the ending is predetermined, the boy gets the boy, things aren't complicated and messy and confusing. He knows it’s false, it can’t last like this. Maybe even just...just for a few days. To pretend. For them both.
Lester described him perfectly, down to woolen trousers and leather gloves. Down to the colour of his indescribable eyes. John had never mentioned a single word about Sherlock to Lester. He supposed Malvo probably knew about Sherlock, though he’d acted as if he hadn’t, but John was sure he’d not said anything to Lester.
Sherlock sank the tip of the scalpel into John’s arm. It didn’t hurt at all at first, and then as Sherlock began to pull the blade in a horizontal line, the pain welled up, sweet and burning. It immediately went hot, all the blood surging to the surface, and he trembled at how good it felt, how right. It was release like he’d never felt before.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock props himself up on his elbow and looks down at John, his own eyes glistening at the corners. He kisses John’s cheek, his nose, his mouth. “Of course it was worth it. Though I daresay we could have made it easier on ourselves if we weren’t both such idiots.”
John sighs and presses his face impossibly tight against Sherlock’s throat.
“Where to?”
“Oh, Christ, me too. I missed you so much this week. So fucking much.” John sits up, and drinks in the sight of Sherlock reclined on the sofa, kissed breathless, his cheeks flushed and glowing, his throat already reddened by bruises and bitemarks, “You are so beautiful."
“Good morning, beautiful. And what are you doing?” He said, voice thick from slumber, an amused grin playing at the corners of his mouth.
"Case. Lestrade called early. Your door was shut. Didn't want to wake you." Sherlock's eyes flick down to his lap, and then back up at John.
"Well," John murmurs, curving forward and tucking his nose into the juncture of bone and tender skin below Sherlock's jaw, "We can, um,
“I know. But you’re not weak, John. You’re the strongest person I’ve ever met. This isn’t weakness, it’s just getting well.” Sherlock held John’s arm as he slipped past the blue vinyl curtain into the stall. John braced himself with one hand against the plastic shower surround and allowed Sherlock to reach past the curtain and wash his hair, scrub his back. Sherlock passed a sponge over John’s shoulders, over the scar, allowed his thumb to brush over John's skin. John shivered, and Sherlock tried not to notice how his hips hitched forward. Desire was coiled deep inside of them, desire that had been dormant for far too long, and neither of them was remotely ready for it to be fully unleashed.
"Hmmm." John grumbled, shifting backwards and hooking his left ankle over the top of Sherlock's.
“Oh, hello, then,” John’s suddenly breathy voice tickles at Sherlock’s ear. “Woke up a bit gasping for it? Good, so did I.”
"You're my whole life, you fucker.
to do with it, John."
Her shoes squeak on the linoleum floor, pants swishing as she walks. It’s extremely quiet except for the beep of monitors, the click of fingers on keyboards. No voices. No tellys turned too loud. No hum of traffic. There’s a hush that gives the entire place a dreamlike quality. They reach a closed wood door with a huge brushed metal handle.
"Gimme a drag." John sidles up beside him, tight to his body, legs touching. Sherlock's arm drapes immediately around his shoulders. The cigarette is right in front of his mouth, held loose between two long tanned fingers. Tanned. So incongruous with everything John has ever known about Sherlock. They really have a lot to talk about. Not now. He wraps his lips around the filter and pulls, Sherlock's eyes on him.
Fuck, three hours. He did not want to sit here for three hours and wallow in memories.
how I want you. I want to be with you the rest of our lives and I want to kiss you good morning and good night and I want to have your arms around me when we sleep and I want your breath on my neck and my hands in your hair and I want to share your bed and your life and everything. Everything. I want
“And you.”
is entirely unnecessary. I breathe you. I
It was a test. Lorne was giving him the most despicable job possible to test his nerve.
person, this one right here, he’s my concern at the moment. He needs a night off. We’ll be in touch.”
“John?” Lester snapped him out of his reverie. “I been thinking. What I really need to do is get rid of the hammer. I hid it in the wall downstairs, but they’ll find it soon, won’t they?”
“No, I have cash.” He finds a crumpled five pound note and offers it to Sherlock.
Sherlock unlocked the door with one hand, his arm unwaveringly tight round John's shoulders. They turned sideways so as to both fit through the doorway while still holding hands, and Sherlock closed and locked the door behind them.
John pushes at him, then peels his own shirt off and drops it on the floor. Without another word, he walks past Sherlock into the bedroom, clearly expecting Sherlock to follow behind him.
He texted Sherlock.
He has to
with anyone.
? What is happening, John? Tell me." Sherlock is pleading. Sherlock never pleads.
The sun was barely a pinpoint of weak light in the cream coloured sky as John and Sherlock picked their way through the dense ground cover in the forests surrounding the southwestern outskirts of Cairndow. The cold damp air seemed capable of penetrating skin and bone. Sherlock was shivering hard, despite their fast pace and the heavy duffel coat John had forced him to wear. He was feeling quite the pampered city weakling, longing only for a warm cab and a steaming takeaway cup cradled between his palms.
I should have.
"I'm going to get you so wet for me," Sherlock manages, before lowering his face to John’s arse and licking a long wet path from his perineum to his sacrum, dipping just the very tip of his tongue into his loosened hole. The noises it wrings from John’s throat are like nothing Sherlock’s ever heard before. He does it again, this time lingering over that most sensitive place, thrusting his tongue deep inside John, inside that welcoming heat. John turns into a thrashing, whimpering thing, clutching at the edges of the counter, at Sherlock's hair, at anything he can dig his fingers into. He keeps pushing up to his toes, rocking his arse back, like it's not enough, like he can't get Sherlock's tongue deep enough. Sherlock licks and sucks at him until his entire face is wet, saliva running in rivulets down his throat and down John's balls, in thin streams on the inside of his thighs.
He’d learned to drive. He knew the transit system in America was shite, and with what he was going to be doing, he knew it was critical to be able to drive. Fast.
“Alright. Yes." Sherlock trails a soft fingertip down the side of John's cheek. "John?”
"You're still hard," John gasps, shaking to his core, every muscle trembling. His throat feels raw.
Sherlock laughs, kindly and soft. "Yes. I rather expected you would be. It's alright."
“Okay?”
“I know that. I do.” Sherlock whispers back, snuggling closer to John and slotting a knee between his thighs.
Sherlock moans and slowly lays back, reaching one hand out to stroke at John's stomach and adjusting the pillow behind his head with the other. "Come here."
"Please, love, please."
He doesn’t get
You bent down and kissed me so gently, the rain slipping down the window behind you. That image has it’s own room in my mind, just your sleep spiked hair outlined against the white sky between the curtains, the tips of your ears crimson with arousal.
Sighing heavily, he forces himself to look away, and surreptitiously licks the blood from his mouth. Yes, N.E.W.T.s are much more important.
"How the fuck can you ask me that? How dare you fucking ask me that? As if everything in my life wasn't a goddamn train wreck as soon as I met you. And I embraced it. I threw myself into your life, I didn't even have one outside of you. I spent two years waiting for you to SEE me there. To realise that...that I was just...
“Yes, John. I’m sorry.”
I literally could NOT taken this fic to the places it went without the amazing and talented CaitlinFairchild and bittergreens, who gave me INCREDIBLE feedback and input, and generally just supported me while I wrestled with this beast. Thank you, my sisters in fic!
like me.”
Blow jobs, hand jobs, snogging in the backs of cabs, John’s hand sneaking slowly up the seam of Sherlock’s trousers under the table at Angelo’s while Sherlock nearly gnaws his lip off trying to stay still, Sherlock’s tongue accidentally on purpose trailing hot over the helix of John’s ear as he whispers instructions to him at Scotland Yard...they honestly
. His skull seems to have shrunken to half it’s normal size, constricting his brain and his throat and his eyes. He fumbles blindly at the sheets, trying to find the call button for the nurse. The sheets feel rough and foreign, and he doesn’t know where Sherlock is, or how he got here, and there’s suddenly an embarrassing prickle behind his aching eyes.
“No? That wasn’t one of your variables? Bit shortsighted of you. I'm disappointed.” John chews on the inside of his cheek, trying hard not to laugh. All his anger is being short circuited by the relief of knowing they’re not about to die, and more than a little bit by the charming display Sherlock’s putting on.
Sherlock's eyes fell closed again. He heard the thunk of the bedside drawer being opened, the quiet snick of the lube bottle being opened. Then John's scorching lips were against his shoulder, his fingers prodding at his side. "How about you roll over, gorgeous?"
“Christ, that feels good, love. I miss you, too. I missed you yesterday.” John breathed out, his chest moving in shallow little truncated movements.
are two different emotions.”
"Are you sure?"
“Well, if you look at it that way, yes, I guess I did.”
“John, can you tell me the circumstances under which you and Malvo first came in contact?” Mycroft says quietly, treading lightly.
"I have. But not for a very long time." Sherlock's hand tangles up with John's hand, and Sherlock's fingers are against his own mouth, which is something John can't look at without a resounding shiver racing through his nerve endings, so he looks at the wall behind Sherlock's ear and breathes.
“Mrs Hudson’s - amazing, really. I don’t know where we’d be right now without her.” John murmurs, watching the coffee dripping down into the carafe.
John’s so lost in his own thoughts that when Sherlock suddenly pushes his hips up and tightens and whispers “Oh,
John drunk always gave Sherlock a deep understanding of where the nickname Three Continents Watson came from. He was devastatingly flirtatious; a lip biting, arse wiggling, eyelash batting menace, brimming over with sexual energy. He could barely keep his hands to himself normally - drunk, it was impossible. Sherlock knew when he was single, he would sleep with virtually anyone within arm's length. And no one within arm's length would have even considered turning him down.
Sherlock works his hands in between them and begins unbuttoning John’s shirt, still sucking hard on John’s lower lip. “Shall I -
"Sherlock." John pulls back enough to look at that beautiful face, now even more so for the reddened cheeks and kiss swollen mouth. He looks twenty years old, eyes wide and black, lips parted. "We don't have to if you --"
It seems vitally important to touch everything, to make sure it’s solid. He runs his palm down the side of the wardrobe, drifts over to the window and parts the curtains to look down into the alley, which is pitch black. He perches on the edge of the bed, startles when he sinks down into it nearly up to his hips. Feather tick mattress. Obviously.
"Will you stay with me?" Sherlock's voice is small as he pulls his shirt off over his wrists, unbuttons his trousers.
"Did you get any sleep today?" John snapped, meaning to sound concerned, and sounding irritated instead.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I’m not…” Sherlock was always too apologetic when allowed to be, sorry about everything he was and all his uniqueness that made John love him so ferociously. For all the love that John lavished on him, he was still deeply insecure in so many ways.
Sherlock doesn’t look surprised. “Yes, I’ve been thinking that, too.”
The air in the room was thicker. Something had irrevocably shifted between them, and they both knew it. It was barely ten minutes since Sherlock had walked into the room, and two miserable long years since they’d seen each other. It was moving too fast. They weren’t giving each other space to understand, they didn’t seem able. Every buried feeling they’d ever had, all the whispered words they’d never said, they were all right here, laid bare in both their eyes. John realised now that Sherlock felt just the same as he always had.
“Motherfucker.” He sprawled on his chest on the freezing ground and felt under the car for the keys. His hand brushed something that felt out of place, and he tilted his head to try and get a look at it. A small black box. A GPS trace. Someone was tracking him.
Molly grins as they slide into the benches at the Hufflepuff table and start loading their plates. “Sherlock
He hurries to catch up with him, falls in stride. John won’t look at him, eyes resolutely fixed ahead. “I’m sorry.”
“John Watson?” Inexplicably nervous, his stomach roiling. All he wants is John, he’s tired of talking to everyone but John.
"You. You take it off." John moves back, shifts his weight so Sherlock can sit up, his long legs stretched out straight between John's thighs.
Now it makes him sick.
“Show-off.” Mike grins at Sherlock and shakes his head. “I’ve been to a million practices and scrimmages, and I’ve never seen John play like this. I mean, he’s excellent, but. He wasn’t kidding when he said he was going to work harder to impress you. He’s at the top of his game.”
A sweet warmth suffuses through him that has nothing to do with the hot mug in his hands. He feels guilty for having doubted Sherlock for even a second. Of course Sherlock’s just running late. Not standing him up. Biting back a huge grin and trying not to look like a totally lovesick fool, he wipes his sweaty hands on his jeans before he replies.
