Dean came here, every night since, when he knew Sam was out doing an errand, or asleep, or just busy with whatever the hell he and Eileen did. He'd open the door to the empty room, sit down on the ground where Cas had thrown him to save him, to protect him, and just try to figure out what he could have done, what he could have said, that would have...saved him. His grip tightened on his jacket, the one where Cas's blood stained hand print lay, a perfect print both on his skin and on his jacket. He would just sit here and try to come to terms with what had happened. What he had witnessed.
She watched as he turned back to the house, and she saw her stepson, her little High Sorcerer Castiel, standing on the door step, his fingers clenched in fists to his sides, anger evident in his features. “…please, don’t leave because of that!” Castiel cried, holding onto the door frame, leaning out of the door, hand reaching out to the blonde mage.
that had done this to both Winchesters, and why to only them? While he had been waiting for Gabriel to appear, he had tried to get in touch with the other witches and wizards in the area, to see if they had witnessed any similar problems. But no one had been the wiser, and no one seemed to know just what the hell the spell could have been.
Dean clutches at Cas' coat, shaking, his hands leaving sticky-red smears on the collar and sleeves. "No, it isn't."
The soft, surprised noise Cas makes shatters something in Dean's chest. Something deep and horrible and permanent, something that strips him down completely, leaves him nothing but a raw nerve.
Cas kisses him, tastes dust and smoke and ash, but it's just there on the surface, hasn't yet burrowed into Dean's soul, and that fills Cas with something new, something lighter and brighter than the grief he carried on the long drive back to Kansas, and when Dean hums against his mouth, curls a hand into his hair, Cas recognizes this buoyant, brimful feeling for what it is: hope.
Cas smells like heat and clean skin. He arches up when Dean bobs his head, and he claws at the sheets when Dean tongues his slit. He moans, low and rough, and Dean feels it everywhere—under his skin, behind his ribs, in the pit of his gut. Dean sucks in and in and in, wrapping his hand around the base of Cas' dick so he can stroke up to meet his mouth. Cas' thighs shake. He murmurs, "Dean, Dean, Dean," like a prayer. The light on Dean's nightstand flickers and spits as he comes.
"Cas." Dean can barely see him; he's standing to the side and hidden by a heavy cut of shadow. "Jesus Christ."
"This is yours," Sam says, setting one bag on the pressboard dinette. "Country-fried steak, mashed potatoes and gravy, corn on the cob, pie. Eileen's got the room next door, so we're going to go catch up."
"It scared me sometimes, how much I'd think about you. How much I wanted—uh. Then Chuck told me he'd been pulling my strings all these years, and I, I just—"
"Dean." Cas runs his hand up Dean's back, rubbing slow circles between Dean's shoulders. "If I bring you back to bed are you going to get up again in an hour?"
"You know, this isn't necessary," Cas continues, his voice careful and low. "As I understand things, people date so they can get to know each other, and so they can decide if they'd like to pursue a relationship. I already know everything about you, and I don't need to decide anything. I chose you years ago."
"All of his dads," Dean says, snorting. He sets the knife in the sink and looks at Cas. "I guess you saved the day."
Once they're gone, Dean snags a beer and his food. He works his way through both while flipping through the motel's handful of channels. This early, it's mostly
“You’re a lifesaver,” Sam said, taking a sip of the heated tea. He let out a sigh, his cheeks turning a warm pink. He placed the tea down next to his coffee cup and got back to work.
Dean’s hands tightened on Castiel’s hair, fingers buried deep as he rode the waves of his orgasm, head shaking from side to side in his feverish state. He whimpered. “Son of a bitch, Cas!” as Cas continued to stroke inside him, pumping softly, he felt a sharp pinch at his thigh and he gasped, panting.
in a sense. Like a clone apple would taste like cardboard, or cloning a car would disappear in mere hours of conjuring.
He shuddered, submitting to the role Cas had designed for him, playing into the fantasies he had only ever told Cas in the darkness, when they were alone. His legs were yanked open, spread and shackled. His cock was drooling on the bedspread.
She leaned in a little closer, peering over the table and getting as close as she could to the both of them. Her long, curly white hair falling to frame her wrinkly, yet pretty face. In tandem, both Sam and Dean leaned as far away from her as they could. Which wasn't very far, as they were pushed back against the overly stuffed back of the sofa.
Also, I don't want anyone to be freaked out by the new tags, yes I did write Sabriel and Sam/Eileen, but I was so on the fence about which one I would choose. I've always been a Sabriel simp, but I love Eileen. As a fellow hard of hearing person (though obviously Eileen herself has it a lot worse than I) I was glad to see the representation, and I adore her and Sam together.
He sighed. He looked like he was trying too hard. But this was as good as his appearance was going to get.
Dean was mesmerised by his gaze, hell by his everything. He was even starting to dig the trench coat, provided he could take it off him later tonight. What the hell was happening? He should be freaked out, but hell, maybe it was the drinks he had downed, or maybe it was something else, something more profound about this man, but Dean felt like he knew him. Intimately. Weird.
Castiel had to focus. What had he seen, what had he sensed before the magic spell had hit Dean. Closing his eyes, he tried to focus. They had been outside. Castiel’s barriers had been up and they had both been inside the parameters. He was damn sure of that. He could still sense the little strain he felt whenever he had them up, like a little tickle at the back of his head. A presence that made itself known only when he focused on it. Like breathing, his magic was to him.
She had been the one to call him, the one to tell him how much she loved him, how scared she had been, how they shouldn’t wait any longer. He had been ecstatic, he had immediately agreed and they had been together ever since.
“Yeah, they’re both…” he took a look at them both, seeing that they were, in some way safe and contained. “Yeah, I have them both,”
He tasted so much sweeter when he came, and it only made his orgasm all the more intense. Watching the beauty that was Dean, he came with a growl, grasping Dean tight to his body, fangs digging deeper into his skin.
She nodded, closing the box lid with a snap, bringing Dean out of his trance. “It’s something that will wake up the shadows from their deep,
To all of you lovely people who read any of my fics. I'm sorry I've not been updating as much as usual lately.
He exhaled slowly, dropping his head forward, running his hands through his hair and down the back of his neck, groaning as the water seeped down his back, a delicious warmth that was much needed. He looked up, letting the hot water spray over his face, a ticklish sensation that he loved to feel. A shower was just what he needed; he needed peace and quiet, no rush, no chaos, no work.
He reached for the nearest piece of wood, the small plank he had been whittling, and pressed it into Sam’s skin, in his large palms. The magic he had infused into that wood sunk into Sam’s skin, little sparks rising up his wrists, his arm, crossing over his elbow and up into his shirt. Gabriel could see his magic erupt on Sam, growing stronger and more wondrous as it rose up his arm, across his shoulder and settled into his heart.
“You seemed so in the zone, Samalam,” Gabriel mused, “Didn’t want to break you out of it. Is that another assignment?”
He yanked the phone from the ground and held it to his ear. Sam’s voice picked up, but before he could say anything, Dean stated with determination in his eyes.
about the Empty, what could this old lady do? But she had known, she knew everything about the Empty —well, almost everything. She hadn’t really told them how they could summon her, or if they
He found he couldn’t move very well. It felt like he was stuck in molasses, everything around him was heavy, and hot, and all sorts of awful. However, though it felt like there was a large weight on his entire body, he felt
His head felt fuzzy, and his mind was a mix of white noise and a blaring siren. The cacophony of sounds pounding and aching behind his eyes.
Cas bit his lower lip, hiding in a breath as he undid the buttons, pulling them out one by one. The shirt hung open, his chest bare, the little trail of dark hair caught Dean’s eye and he followed the gaze to the thick swell in Cas’s tight shorts. Holy fuck. He was so hard and so fucking ready already. He couldn’t wait for the actual sex to happen.
He could almost see the words escape his lips, Latin and Enochian mixed together to make something archaic and powerful, something only he was able to conjure and perfect. He closed his eyes, letting the spell get to work. His eyes shone white, he knew this because Dean always told him he looked eerie yet awesome whenever he chanted a spell that involved his eyesight. He smiled at the memory, but focused instead on what he had to do. Almost like a weaving of an image, he suddenly found himself drawn back to a memory of the front of his home. Of him reaching out to Dean, tears escaping the corners of his eyes, stinging and hot as he listened to Dean yell at him, saying the same thing over and over again.
He let his head fall forward, relaxing as he let his body fall heavy, arms coming beneath his chest to break him from his fall. He moaned as the plush cushions morphed around his body, remembering him. He shuffled, trying to get as comfortable as possible. It was no surprise that Cas found him like this moments later.
Dean nodded, not really knowing what else to do at that moment. If...if Sam believed that was Gabriel, then Dean was...probably going to believe him too. Right? There wouldn't be another bullshit agenda they would have to stop now, right? Jack wouldn't do that to them, would he? They had been scorned so many times before, he wasn't sure what to believe.
Cas chuckled, understanding without Dean saying anything. It was one of the reasons they worked so well together, they understood each other intimately. It was just how they were. It was something that stayed between them, something profound.
They’d been here, sitting on the hard yet stuffed cushioned chair for almost an hour now, and Dean was starting to get a little pissed off. Why couldn’t they just hurry this shit along please. Like now. He didn’t have any time to wait around here drinking tea and eating dumb ass biscuits — even if they tasted amazing — he really needed to get what they came for and get Cas back.
He instead pressed a kiss higher up Dean’s hips, moving up to his chest, his collarbone, his neck. Smattering kisses on his warm skin. He wasn’t surprised when Dean’s arms wrapped around him, hauling him up the resto of the way on top of him. Cas let out a yelp, but laughed as he straddled back over Dean’s waist, legs on either side of him. Dean pressed a kiss on his nose, seeing him huff and roll his eyes.
Dean came then, hearing Cas’s thick and throaty voice filled with so much love, spilling in the mess between them. He thrust in one more time, feeling Dean’s wall massage him, hearing Dean scream his name. He could no longer contain himself, He took sight of him, flush wish his orgasm and with a few more quick thrusts, he came inside him, roaring out in his pleasure.
“Where should I start?” he inquired, his voice deep. He touched Dean’s cock playfully with his heeled foot, pressing the flat toe on his hard cock just a little. Dean gasped, but he was grinning. Cas pulled off his tie, tugging on it and removing it from the collar of his slutty outfit. He arched his foot back and bent down, letting the tie drop to the ground, licking Dean’s chest and all the way up to his full lips.
different, yet similar to the Dean he knew. He got up from …well, from himself, and shook his body. He looked down to himself and smiled. Castiel saw his eyes turn a pitch black as he smirked, looking
“What is it?” Sam asked, taking the drink from Gabriel’s hands – Gabriel was always so stunned at just how trusting Sam was of him, after all he
“I…I just had a weird thought,” Sam replied, “Maybe…look hear me out yeah, but maybe we can like summon…
"I'm fine, Dean," Sam stated clearly, his voice holding a smile. "He's...resting? I think, but I can feel him. It's...warm..."
No…come closer. Dean forced his body to move and reached out to Cas, wanting him closer. He pressed a hand to Cas’s cheek, leaning up with him.
Then again, Dean was missing his boyfriend. Sam would have been the same if it were Eileen after all, hell he’d be the same if it were fucking Gabriel.
Dean was confused. No, not confused. He got what she was saying. This little ball of light inside him would be able to tell him where Cas was, probably when they were in the Empty, and that Dean would basically be a beacon for Cas to find him. But that didn’t answer just how the fuck they were going to get
Writing and doing any form of art is either extremely slow, or extremely painful. I wanted to continue but I just can't keep up with it.
Memories infiltrated his mind, of standing with Castiel, smiling and laughing with him as they worked together to make a potion or cook up a spell for something…or someone. His mind was still a little fuzzy about his thoughts and his past. But he remembered the feelings, the emotions he felt. The way Castiel’s mouth tilted to one side as he spoke, the way his gorgeous blue eyes brightened as he stirred the pots and cauldrons, the way his laugh sounded like lilting bells. The way his eyes had darkened when he got the package signed for ‘Novak’, the way he had signed it with a sigh, the way his body curled in on itself as he turned to look at Dean. The way he had…given up.
Please God. Please don’t do anything to his Dean. “Please come back to me.” He leaned in closer, pressing their foreheads together, forcing his magic through their bond, knowing more touch would only help Dean gain consciousness quicker. “I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you I’m a Novak, but
Dean imagined his eyebrows were furrowed cutely in concentration, thumbs easing up his calves and thighs, and back down. Dean shuddered and groaned, slumping onto the cushions as Cas found the tight ring of muscle and worked on releasing even that bit of tension from his body.
Dean was so close to thwacking the douchebag with the spanner he had in his hand. The place had been empty, he could wipe away the blood, clear the cameras and stuff the asshole in the boot of his shitty car. No one would have known. Hell, the police might have agreed with him and let him off with a slap on the wrist.
yet…it was strange. It was like he was thinking this, and knowing it, but at the same time, it didn’t matter that he didn’t have any reflexive thoughts. Like he was free to do as he pleased without the repercussions.
Victor knelt in front of his king’s advisor, the one who had led him on this wild goose chase, the decorated box held out in front of him.
she desired, collapsed into the forest floor, grasping at his head in pain. Naomi watched as the Rifter sunk into the man’s heart, making him stumble into the street. She also noticed that, without hesitation, Castiel leaped into his way, wrapping his arms around the Eye and holding his other hand to Dean's heart, stopping the Rifter in itspath. It shot out of The Eye and up into the air, most likely off to find its next victim.
Cas rolled his eyes, murmuring something about him being so quick at getting excited because of a damn massage, but he obliged him anyway. Dean really didn’t know what he had done to deserve such an angel. Cas teasing his fingertips up and down Dean’s cock, curling his fingers around it, legs straddling either side of Dean’s hips in a way that showed just how intimate this impromptu massage had gotten. His hands grasped, squeezing and pumped a few times, fingers flexible as they curled and twisted on the up thrust, massaging his full length.
had been forced out of him. Yanked from his very existence, leaving a wide, gaping hole, needing to be filled. It made him gasp for breath, but that only made the sandy taste sink into his skin.
My usual livelihood had been disrupted and put into a standstill pretty much. My tumour has revolted and is seething for revenge, and my body and joints etc are paying the price.
Gabriel barely heard the sound of his mobile phone ringing in the distance. He was too busy trying to make sense of Sam 2.0 sucking on his neck like his god damn life depended on it.
After hiding her eyes from the bright burst of light and stars, Naomi’s gaze returned to the two on the forest floor, she saw Castiel was on his back, eyes closed, unconscious to what was happening. Her gaze rushed over to The Eye, seeing him also on the ground, unconscious.
Dean had been hit by something that made him act differently. Maybe it was a love potion – not that that was possible to create, no one could create love where there wasn’t any – or an infatuation potion seemed more like it. He wouldn’t rule out the baby duck spells either, imprinting on the first person you see. But he had to find out just
She skimmed the air just above the homes, resting against the point of a large Edwardian style cottage-like building, the only man made looking monstrosity home within the urban forest like vastness that surrounded both sides of the road.
He would have sensed if some otherworldly magic spell had tried to come in through his barriers. It would have been a definite red flag, and if the spell was low in strength enough, then it would have been dismissed there and then as they hit the wall. He would have made sure nothing happened to Dean. So whatever had happened hadn’t been a spell.
instead,” She called out, whizzing almost immediately to Dean’s side and settling on the sofa next to him. How the fuck did she do that? He hadn’t even seen her move! Just one minute there, and the next
"Trust me," he stated, to both of them. Dean paused. He...he wasn't sure what to do. On the one hand, if they had Gabriel back to full health, then they'd be able to figure out a way to get Cas back. Hell if a nephilim could wake him up in the Empty and have the shadow creatures spit Cas back out, then maybe Gabriel could do the same?
He reached for the dropped bottle and grunted as he took another long swig of the now warm beer, hoping, wishing and praying that he wasn’t here. That it hadn’t happened. That Cas…
Cas. How else would she know? Was she actually able to help them? Did she have what they needed? A way to summon the Empty and get Cas back? Or had listening to Gabriel only led them down a pointless path? That dumb ass archangel was a bit of an asshole when it came to things like this. Dean could appreciate the pranks, they were always awesome when they weren’t solely on him. But if he was making them do a god damn stunt or some shit, he was going to yank that fucker out of Sam and gank him.
“I ain’t giving you another Perk Up Coffee,” Gabriel rolled his eyes and conjured a sweetened tea for the giant moose. “Try this instead,”
Sam, the same way Gadreel had done all those years back, and had acted all snarky, yet not as much of an asshole as usual. Like he was actually trying to be civil and good. It was fucking weird to see his brother like that, that was for sure. - Dean had expected them to do some breaking and entering into homes, barns, covens or even caves. Chanting some weird ass spells or enchantments that he’d have to remember and pronounce correctly. Maybe they'd even have to do some blood letting or blood magic or some shit. As per their usual shtick when it came to crap like this.
Leaning his head onto Dean’s chest, his heart plummeted when he couldn’t hear a heart beating, or feel his chest rise and fall in his breath.
“Poor hunter can’t talk,” He whispered, eyes glittering in that particular way that made Dean yearn for him. “Perhaps I can help with that,”
to know if Dean’s blood tasted as sweet as he did. He felt his canines extend slightly. His eyes darkened and he pressed his mouth to the curve of Dean’s throat, plunging his fingers deeper into Dean’s hole as he did so, claiming his throat with his teeth. His fangs sank into his plump flesh, he felt the warm nectar of Dean’s blood flow into his mouth and he groaned in unadulterated pleasure. Dean was by far the sweetest and most succulent thing he had ever tasted.
“I could say the same thing,” Castiel’s voice was a little bit choppy, followed by a loud thudding as if something had hit the ground behind him. Gabriel heard Castiel yell Dean’s name, before something else seemed to have fallen onto the ground, something sounding more fragile and glass like.
Castiel tried again, pressing his other hand to Dean’s cheek trying to push more of his magic into his…Dean. His chanting continuing until it was like white wash humming in the background, like a mantra as he repeated it again and again. The words came easy to him, the intonation and the pitch like breathing. Dean’s skin was cool to the touch, sallow and weirdly shining with sweat.
“You feeling good?” Cas murmured, fingers trailing heatedly down high thighs, massaging his thighs, his calves, his ankles over his pyjama bottoms.
He tugged Cas into his bedroom, trapping him into his embrace as they slammed into the door, and then into the wall. Kissing and giggling, acting like teenagers. He slipped his hands into Cas’s trench coat, dragging it off his shoulders, throwing it off his body and onto the ground. Cas kissed him then, soft, sweet and so good.
his bag, but he’s going to look like a fool if he just took his bag off and put his laptop inside. Oh god. Already messing it up!
The place she had landed on was dark, there was wet soil at her feet, staining the bottom of her dress. The once star filled sky overturned with darkness as clouds rolled in. The sound of thunder was almost deafening as lightening crackled to the ground a few feet away from her. The simple lights around her flickered off one by one, engulfing the place in darkness.
coming out of his Sam, and the way said other Sam was straddling over him and giving him the deepest hickey – one that could rival Dracula – and made Gabriel’s already love stricken mind fly in all sorts of directions. Then Gabriel would have noticed his own magic flare up at the melding of their two magiks, the way it actually pulsed and grew as if it in itself had limitless potential. As if, in those few moments they shared their strengths, they could have taken over the entire universe if they had wanted to.
“So, which one is it?” The old woman asked, setting her tea cup down on its saucer the table silently, giving them both an intense look.
blonde mage's. And she definitely hadn't expected her own stepson, the High Sorcerer to the House of Novak, to have fallen at its power.
Putting on clothes sounded like too much work, but he forced himself to get on a pair of loose, old pyjamas, not bothering to do up the front. He didn’t care if Cas saw him; he had seen Dean in even worse states. Groaning, he stretched; gasping at the twinge of pain on is back. He made his way through the hall and into the living room, breathing a sigh of relief as he dropped down onto the soft sofa – god bless Cas’s need for soft furniture. This was the one good thing about their small apartment.
Dean wasn’t sure how he did it, but he got up, drank the rest of the beer and lay back in a far more comfortable position on his back. Cas grinned, getting back to work as Dean settled himself more comfortable, Cas slipped a small cushion on his back, pressing it into the gap between the cushions and the arm rest. His smirk a bit more wicked than usual.
They were just as beautiful now. But it made his heart ache at the memory of his boyfriend. He hadn’t seen Cas since he had left for a family get together a few days ago. He wasn’t due back for a long while. Man, Dean was so hooked on his angel, he had even thought he had seen Cas at the bar, but that couldn’t be possible. Cas was miles away.
Dean didn’t know how, it felt like mere moments, but suddenly he was in Baby, his Chevy Impala, and then they were at his apartment. He had decorated his house a little with pumpkins and streamers, a little gothic, a little scary. He loved this time of year. But right now, he didn’t give a damn if his house looked stupid or a mess, because the gorgeous guy’s hands were on him, each and every touch setting his nerves of fire, making him quiver with excitement.
His heart grew a few sized bigger at the idea that his Cas was looking after him after he had fallen.
Gabriel rubbed the back of his head and turned to the sound as well. Looking to the dining chair that held the sleeping beauty, he grinned when he saw the sleeping Sam stirring in his sleep. He rushed over to him, placing a warm hand on Sam’s shoulder, waiting for him to wake.
This was just what Cas wanted, the wicked angel playing with the knife, tossing it from hand to hand, blade shining in the barely there light. He looked dangerous.
His solid gold gaze fell to the giant hottie sitting in one of the booths in the back of his bakery, his long hair falling to frame his gorgeous face, a hand coming to push his hair back so Gabriel could look at that face a little better. Those long, dexterous fingers returning to the laptop sitting on the table in front of him as he typed away at something or another. A cup of coffee next to him, and
Dean let out a low chuckle, he knew his baby was perfect for him. But he also knew, if Dean hadn’t taken a shower, the probably wouldn’t be doing even this. But it was all appreciated.
Cas didn’t cease his movements, fingers webbed with Dean’s arousal, licking and sucking him clean. When Dean finally returned, his breathing shallow and uneven, he grinned, lining himself with Dean’s stretched and relaxed body.
Leaning on the lamp post, he grinned. The night sky was clear and bight, he could see so many stars in the sky and it made his heart swell. The only time he had been able to focus on the stars like this was when he was with Cas. They had spent many date nights sprawled over the hood of his car, a picnic between them, just watching the stars twinkling in the sky, as if they were painted by an artist.
He was able to weave his magic directly into his creations that would actually help and benefit the people who ate his treats or used his things. He was still trying to work on that nasty cancer. But he was sure he was going to get a break through some day. He was damn sure of it.
“This is getting ridiculous,” Sam replied, tugging and yanking at the ropes, sparking up bolts of lightning in order to dispel of them somehow. But Gabriel had created the ropes, and unless he
Cas made his way over to Dean’s side, feet shuffling silently on the plush carpet. He looked so soft dressed in one of Dean’s old shirts and pyjamas. He could just imagine how he would walk over, looking so gorgeous and much too put together for Dean’s liking. He poked at Dean’s shoulder, insistently.
“We do not talk of his name out loud,” The ogre muttered, pushing him back from the stalls. “Leave before I make you,”
“Thanks for letting me stay late, you know you can just kick me out when you’re closing,” he mumbled, stumbling as he got up from his seat, almost slinging his bag on his back and holding his laptop in his arms. Shit, he should put that
His strength came from the things he created. Though he owned and worked in a bakery store that sold all sorts of sweet and savoury treats to help people, all the way from those who were exhausted and needed a pick me up to those who were dealing with actual life altering problems, like depression and other evil ailments.
slap him on the back of his head this time. However, the low growl coming from the sleeping Sam caused him pause.
Maybe when he became a lawyer, and used his words as his magic, and climbed the ladder until he was toe to toe with someone as wonderful and strong as Gabriel, then he would come back here, see Gabriel and ask him if he would like Sam as a familiar – if he didn’t have one already.
Dean didn’t want to argue, but he was in pain and he was aggravated. He swallowed his anger and shrugged Cas off, hand waving at him.
“That thing; we’ve got to figure out what it was,” Gabriel stated, making his way to the pedestal and leafing through Castiel’s book.
“My, my, my,” Cas smirked, tapping the side of Dean’s cheek, which, to Dean, meant he should stay quiet. “You’re really enjoying this,”
“Y-yes,” Victor started, finding it rather difficult to follow her, she seemed to cut through the creatures with the utmost of ease. She stopped almost immediately in front of a beautiful Japanese styled building; its sweeping roofs seemed to invite him in as angel flew up and sat on the roof.
“Just the usual,” he moaned again at those magical hands. “Asshole douchebag made me work all night, I was ass deep in his fucking car all night trying to fix it,”
Her king had tasked her with the job of peace with the kingdoms, yet she despised the thought. Who wanted peace when they could have everything. People feared her, they saw her and trembled at her gaze. She adored her place as the advisor to the king, it allowed her so much, and yet she was always hungry for more. Absorbing the Eye's powers, she would be able to usurp her stupid stepson, and finally take her rightful place as next in line to the throne.
She breezed past trees and bushes that were all lined in a haphazard row on either side of her. Such disarray, such forestry. Her son was a stupid one. Though, the area was completely still, not an echo of a person or animal in sight. The moon was slowly rising, climbing to its highest point in the sky, and yet she trudged on, getting closer and closer to her destination.
“Are you feeling better now?” he asked, fingers trailing over his the freckles on his high cheekbones.
Sam stared incredulously at his brother, wondering just what was going through his head. Sure, he understood the need to get Cas back. Cas was like a brother to him, he was family. But…well, going into Heaven or Hell was easy — the latter far more easier than the former, now that they didn’t
It was hard to form words when his angel was working over him so wonderfully, his fingers easing slowly with patience down his back, leaving no part of his skin untouched. The massage soothed away the stress he had been feeling. Dean’s fingers tightened on the bottle, moaning as those fingers pressed down on either side of his spine, cracking his bones and making him melt onto the sofa.
He was suddenly frightened of the situation, in a good way. Cas meant business right now, and looking so
Their kiss deepened, fierce, hot and intense. Cas gently lifted him and carried him over to the bed, pressing him down onto his sheets. They never broke their kiss. He pulled off Dean’s boots, and jeans, over shirt and shirt until he was laying there on the bed in just his black boxers.
Fuck, Dean was so hard now, he wanted Cas so badly, but it was still too early. Cas liked to make him wait, he enjoyed torturing him, there was so much more yet to come.
He didn’t know how long had passed, but there were no cars on the streets and more, and he could no longer see anything outside with the bright lights of the store. This was nice, just a calm, serene moment of him working on something, Sam sitting in his usual booth doing the same. Would this be what it was like if he ever finally asked Sam to become his familiar?
He knew how Dean was grieving for Cas. How much pain he was in that he had lost his best friend, his…lover? Hell, it wasn’t a surprise to Sam how much the two loved one another. It wasn’t shouted out at the world, they weren’t open and welcoming about it. They kept everything quiet, like it was just for them. Something special and warm and exciting that they wanted to share with one another before they told the world — or at least told him. Which was how Sam had expected Dean had wanted it.
Dean was too lost in his desire to register what Castiel had asked him, he reached down and pulled Cas to him, kissing him with a boldness he didn’t know he had. A faint blush kissed the apples of his cheeks, partially from arousal and partially because of Castiel. He gasped as thick, slick fingers entered his hole, cutting him off from his train of thought.
Dean tensed, and then relaxed at the feel of Cas’s cock inside him, stretching him to the brim. Castiel was slow to start, thrusting into him slowly, again and again, driving them both to the point of no return. He could feel Dean’s inner muscles tense as he came again. Castiel leaned forward, sinking his teeth into Dean’s exposed neck,
Naomi thought harshly, her deep dark eyes glowing in intensity against the darkness that permeated the forest. Have I killed my own stepson? So easily?
“I know a lot of things about you,” the man replied, running a hand through Dean's hair and smiling brightly when Dean didn't shy away. “Although, from a really long time ago,”
The Rifter stood still above the man. Naomi could almost feel the anticipation in the air. Did this mean that that dumb, lowly mage was the ‘All Seeing Eye’?
The old lady pointed her clean cut nailed finger at Sam, smiling warmly. But there was still something weird about her, something that kept them both to high alert. They had been burned way too many times before by people who looked and acted good, but were evil to the core. Who knew what this woman was. She hadn't given them her name, and neither had they.
dragged him out of hell, after all. Maybe he had…had he left a part of himself inside him? Was that what he meant by
“Now the shorts?” Dean asked, knowing he was pushing too far, but Cas nodded and he exhaled. Dean was waiting for the shorts to drop, licking his lips in anticipation. The sound of the zipper unzipping as Cas drew near him again was sweet symphony to his ears.
Fucking hell, no way was that little bit of light the asshole archangel. That...that couldn't be, right? But Sam was looking at it with such...fuck...reverence, it was impossible to think of it as anything else. Right? Maybe Sam knew, maybe Sam could feel it?
Cas leaned back, mischief in his pretty blue eyes. “Hmmm…you have a funny way of showing it, you haven’t even kissed me yet,”
He probably should have told Cas just how much he was into this, but Cas had told him not to talk. Everything was coming to head, gloriously. Rolling his eyes, he groaned deeply in the back of his throat. The silence was overwhelming, god, if he listened closely enough he could hear his own heart beating.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother. It was so like Gabriel smirk and crack jokes at a time like this. Though he knew his brother was only trying to lighten the extremely confusing and tense situation; there was a time and place for those sorts of jokes.
It was only some times that Cas let out his more crazy and sexy side. It always came out in full form, just like now, as he moved over to the table in the corner – not that Dean had been paying any attention to the room, not after seeing Cas in that outfit. He pinched at the centre of the white cloth draped on the table and yanked it off in one swift move.
Dean groaned, nodding in agreement, arching his back into Cas’s magical touch. It wasn’t all that rare that they’d massage each other, but it was usually Dean massaging Cas – he loved being able to touch Cas all over, making him moan and groan and sound so pretty. But Cas had a way with his hands that seemed to immediately soothe Dean in mere seconds. He panted softly, struggling to contain his voice, taking another gulp of his drink as the heat of Cas’s body warmed him up.
I want it so badly,” Dean replied, parting his legs, desperate for more. His hands travelled to Cas’s cock, circling it and squeezing the thick and hard length the same was Cas had done to him. He stuttered when Cas’s fingers started to move inside him, his strokes were long and languid, the pads of his fingertips rubbing against that sweet spot inside him, which made his entire body tingle.
He bristled again, a frown forming on his face almost automatically. He paused, not sure why the fact that his woman was talking bad about his asshole of a dad was making him feel this way. “Don’t…don’t talk about my dad,”
He felt Dean stiffen under him, and then relax, eyes drifting shut as Cas’s tongue traced lazy patterns down his stomach, muscles tensing for what was about to happen next. When Castiel’s teeth sunk into the flesh of his hip, he almost came with a shout.
Time seemed to stop, he was so lost in his ecstasy, feeling Cas’s tongue slide in and out of his hole, deeper and deeper. He blew cool air, scalding Dean’s insides.
Sam was his familiar. He had to be. Gabriel could feel it, like a calling. Sam was definitely his familiar. He
Dean panted, raising his hips up off the bed, eager for Cas to continue. He looked through darkened half lidded eyes at the gorgeous angel before him, gaze tripping down over his pearled blue eyes, heart stuttering as he stopped moving and held his breath.
He always sat at the corner booth, because this was the booth that was the most comfy, the cushions looked so flat and lacklustre in their plush, but whenever Sam sat on them, he felt like he was sitting on a cloud. The table was always smooth, and every time he placed his laptop onto it, it rejuvenated itself, never lost power.
History and fantasy suggested that in these kinds of situations, one of the clones would be inadvertently
“Actually, it’ll be easier if I show you,” And with that, she was right in front of Dean, her hand splayed out over his chest, nails a lot sharper now and eyes a pure white. Dean didn’t even have the time to react. He was pushed back onto the sofa with the lady standing right in front of him. Sam yelped from next to him, but before his brother could actually do anything, the lady smiled brightly.
"I am fine," Cas says quietly, but he smiles as Dean presses closer, tilting his head as Dean palms the side of his neck, as Dean rubs his thumb at the corner of his jaw, and when Dean kisses him he makes a soft noise into Dean's mouth and fists his dirty hands in the front of Dean's shirt.
"No, I didn't," Dean admits. His voice sticks in the back of his throat, and watching Cas' face fall feels like a punch to the gut. "But I do," he adds quickly. Fuck, his cheeks are on fire. "I would've -- I want, um. I want that."
the desert wind chases them, slow and hot, moving just enough to stir the dirt underneath their feet. dean can taste it, gritty between his teeth.
"And, if you don't want to do anything about it, that's your business. But you're aiming it at everyone in your life."
Sam chugs some of his water, the wet sound of it loud in the library's stillness. Then: "I thought you said this time was forever."
"I came to in a meadow," Cas replies. He pauses like he's picturing it. "There was an old windmill with a garden near a quiet brook. Then I walked here."
Slowly, Cas turns around. A weird look passes over his face when he spots them—a look that feels like a knife between Dean's ribs. After a beat or two, he ducks away from the woman he'd been talking to and heads their direction.
"You gotta snap outta this, kid," Dean tells him. His face is a little flushed, so Dean pulls the blankets down to his waist. "Cas is worried about you. I mean, we all are. But Cas, he—you can't do this to him. So, c'mon. Snap out of it."
Dean hasn't left his room in a couple of days, has been drinking most of his meals. He rubs a hand over his face, says, "Well, I'm up now."
"If you go, you ain't coming back," Dean says, his lips moving against Cas' skin. "Naomi ain't gonna let you waltz away from her again."
Cas says, "Nothing with you ever is," and kisses the corner of his mouth. "But we're both incredibly stubborn. I believe we can work it out."
Days pass: three, four, five, six. Dean sleeps late, drinks most of his meals, avoids Sam as much as he can.
"Neither." Cas touches Jack's sweaty forehead, then thumbs open one of his eyes. "A human illness I could heal. This—this is—"
"I thought I wanted you to go. I thought—I thought it would be easier than waiting for you to decide that you don't wanna keep hanging around now that Chuck ain't making you." Dean tips his head back, swallows hard—once, twice. "I thought maybe if you left, I'd stop needing you so damn bad.
These are just drabblets written for one-word prompts on tumblr. All Dean/Cas, all roughly 100 words.
The bodies are lying shoulder to shoulder, their arms at their sides and their hands clasped; the bed is strewn with rose petals and paper hearts.
Dean doesn't answer. He doesn't have anything left. He feels scraped raw, open and exposed, hollowed out. He's just an empty shell without the rage, limp and worthless. He gets into bed because Sam and Cas lead him there. He doesn't think he can sleep -- is almost afraid to -- but he drifts off eventually, too drained to fight it.
It's just a pair of werewolves, but they're exhausted from back-to-back-to-back fights. Dean tweaked his elbow at some point, and he has an aching bruise on his thigh from being thrown into a tree. They start out shoulder to shoulder, but get separated almost immediately. Dean swings his machete, stumble-steps back as his werewolf tries to circle around him. Behind him, Cas grunts in pain.
Sam says, "Okay," and sips his coffee. Then: "On our way back, he started sensing something. Something big."
"It is. But Heaven—Heaven is—" Cas signs and looks out the window again. "Billions of souls, Dean. Billions."
He crissrosses the town, searching around the edges, and all the shadowed, hollow places the Winchesters call home.
"Cas," Dean says. His throat feels tight. "I just -- I wanted us to do something normal. You know, just once."
"Sure. Days. And what if Michael shows up while you ain't up to snuff? What if you bump into some of those juiced-up monsters he made?"
He's ashamed of himself when he finally admits it. Heat crowds under his jaw, and a thick, rising feeling claws into his throat. He should be better than this. He should be stronger. When the hellhounds came, he'd been willing to fight. When Lucifer had stared him with with Sam's face, he'd stuck his chin out and kept talking. How he's useless, helpless. When Amara's around he can feel her tugging at him, like a hand pushed up underneath his ribs, pulling him down, dragging him under.
"Good." Sam grabs the chair Belphegor's using as a footrest, yanks it clear so he can sit on it. "Since you feel like talking, tell me about that spell you used to trap the ghosts."
"The spell we worked didn't remove the Mark so much as give you the strength needed to reject it." Cas tugs Dean closer still, tucks his hand under Dean's shirt, holds it at the small of Dean's back. "You may feel weak and tired for a few days. Nauseous. Sore like you've overexerted yourself."
"Once Chuck is dealt with, I can make more reapers. I might also be able to help replenish Heaven so it can… keep its lights on."
His phone starts ringing again. Sam coughs pointedly, and Dean snatches it out of his pocket, grumbling, "Agent Hetfield," with a slow flush burning over his jaw and cheeks.
Charlie isn't back yet, and Sam is up in Sioux Falls, helping Jody and Alex with what had sounded like ghouls over the phone, so when the chili is done Dean takes a beer and his bowl out to the library. A few minutes later, Cas comes out with his own beer and a coffee mug with about three and a half spoonfuls of chili in it. He sits down beside Dean, close enough that their elbows bump, and he hesitates over the chili like he's afraid of it, frowning at it, poking it gingerly with his spoon.
His next shot of bourbon tastes like the acid burning in the back of his throat. He chokes it down, then sets the bottle on his nightstand and stumbles over to his desk. He opens the notebook, grabs the first pen he sees, and scrawls the date—
Cas studies him for a moment, then turns and props his scythe against the wall. Then—in the blink of an eye—he's standing in front of Dean, so close that his new coat brushes Dean's knees.
"This?" Cas clutches the sweater to his chest, one sleeve bunched in his hands and the other hanging down to dance around his leg. It's black and blue and covered with red and yellow triangles. "I bought it at Goodwill."
"No. That's not what I meant." He catches Dean's arm, his hand sliding up, stopping just below the Mark. "You mean far more to me than Metatron."
Dean breathes. His throat is burning like he's going to cry. He says, "Welcome home," and pulls Cas in.
"You told me Cas had some crazy deal with the Empty and that he cashed it in to keep Billie from icing you."
Instead of answering, Cas steps out of the shadows. And he—he's not all there. The bunker's lights are shining
Cas turns, sliding his hand down Dean's arm, his thumb brushing Dean's wrist as he tangles their fingers together.
"His hair. He is bald, save for a single forelock that was difficult to grasp in battle. Together, these things signify the fleeting nature of luck." Cas turns toward Dean, backlit by the orange glow of the desk lamp. "Dean, did you write in here about wanting me to return to earth?'
Stevie shakes her head, waits out the train whistle howling to the south. Then: "Just a kitchen witch looking to up her game. I took care of it."
Cas can’t get close enough. He fists his hands in the front of Dean’s shirt, trying to pull Dean toward him as they fall back against the seat, the leather upholstery squeaking under his knees, his foot slipping against the door. Everything his humid and thick, and there isn’t enough room, and Dean’s hand is sweaty at the back of Cas’ neck, his fingers twisting into Cas’ hair as he kisses the line of Cas’ jaw. Cas rolls his hips, his mouth open and wet against Dean’s check, then hides his hot face in the curve of Dean’s neck, closing his eyes as he rubs himself against Dean’s thigh.
The bed creaks again. Dean knots his hand in Cas' hair, tugging slightly, his hips working as he tries to thrust, and Cas leans into him, holding one hand on Dean's belly, wrapping the other around the base of Dean's dick, stroking up to meet his mouth.
The worst part of research is waiting while it gets done; Sam is searching for next-of-kin online and Cas is flipping through a book, trying to decide between wraith or ghoul. Dean taps his foot until his leg shakes the table, then snatches up a pen, drumming it on a pile of papers, chewing at the cap until it cracks between his teeth. Cas lays his hand on Dean’s restless knee, and Dean doodles a star at the base of Cas’ middle finger, a spiral on the pad of Cas’ thumb, writes his name on the inside of Cas’ wrist, crookedly, the letters getting smaller as he goes, blue ink smeared over Cas’ pulse.
"Yeah," Dean says, thumbing through the message. "Apparently, the dude at the mojo shop doesn't remember selling the stuff we found in those hex bags."
"Hey, Cas. I hope you can hear me. What you said to me before you, uh—before you left, I need you to know that I—I do too. I have for a long time. And once we get Chuck snuffed, I'm getting out outta there. I just—I want you here. With me."
Warmth uncurls under Dean's ribs, the same warmth he's carried around for the last ten years. He knows what it is. He just doesn't know if it's
#but imagine him doing it to cas and he tries to just be casually joking but he blushes and fumbles cause you know he’s saying ‘be my valentine’ to cas #and cas just solemnly accents the plastic or disembodied or whatever heart #’thank you dean’ #and he like puts it in his pocket or something #so dean blushes more and stammers cause it was supposed to be a joke#but holy shit cas said yes??#so he just sorta doesn’t say anything#and thinks about if this means he needs to buy flowers#cas likes bees and bees like flowers so would cas like flowers??#and meanwhile sam sighs harder than he’s ever sighed in his life
Finally, Jack says, "Heaven's still failing. There aren't enough angels too keep it going. Naomi thinks I need to make more. I think it would be easier to release the angels in the Empty."
The silence after that is awkward. Dean's forgiven Jack—as much as he can, anyway—but they never really found their footing again, and now that Jack's basically the new God, he's not sure they ever will.
The nurses' station is empty when they get to the lobby, but Dean doesn't let go. Probably better if they keep it up until they get back to the car.
"Stay," Dean repeats slowly. He pushes his chili away; his stomach is twisting too much. "What -- like, here?"
"You don't have to do that," Dean says, which sounds more dickish out loud than it had in his head. "I mean, I know it's all just molecules to you."
It's not that Dean dislikes likes the newbies. He just doesn't know them, and making friends has never really been part of his skill set. Besides, most of the Apocalypsers are still kind of spooked because he was dumb enough to say yes to Michael. He can't blame them for that, but it makes hanging out in the bunker's common areas tense and awkward. Especially when Sam isn't around to grease the wheels.
Standing up to go check on his brother, Sam walked towards the hallway which had the doors to all of their bedrooms. The taller brother knocked on the door before opening it just far enough to see Dean sitting on his bed with a book in his hand. Sam glanced at the book to see that it was a book on woodland creatures. He cleared his throat which caused Dean to glance up. He just looked back to his book as Sam walked in to sit on the edge of his bed. “Hey, Dean.” He said quietly. “I know you probably want to go and see dad tomorrow.”
Before speaking, Dean put his hands up defensively. “Sorry, Rowena. We know the rules. Just trying to teach Sam some less girly magic. Him being the only witch who isn’t a chick.” He laughed slightly before realizing this would only anger her further.
Later that night after both Sam and Rowena were asleep, Dean got up and got all of his robes on. He turned to his bed and said “replicate” while moving his hands. A clone of him appeared in the bed, fast asleep. It wasn’t a solid clone but it would be enough in case anything happened. He grabbed a bag as well as a weapons belt so he could carry everything he needed on himself. He quietly snuck out of the house and rounded it to find Sisco’s stable. He woke up Sisco and slipped him an apple to keep him quiet. Once he got him all saddled up he mounted him and set out for the dark forest. “Just one thing. Just kill one thing. Blood on your hands means nothing… No. It means surviving.”
John reaches through the bars and grabs Dean’s clothes, slamming him into the bars. He stares him down, practically breathing on him. “That bitch isn’t your damn mother. No son of mine is answering to some freak. So put your big boy pants on and hunt something. All you’re good for is killing. My natural-born killer. So act like it. I used to be proud of you. Get that respect back.” He loosened his grip and walked to his bed in his cell. With that, he was done talking to Dean. No more words were shared. Dean felt his heart sink down to his feet as those words played over and over in his head. ‘All you’re good for is killing.’ Dean was a magic possessing monster. He needed to make up for that by killing other magic possessing monsters. That or have himself be the next thing his dad hunted.
“Those boys… They are going to get themselves into trouble and I feel so powerless. It was so much easier when they were little.” Rowena smiles at that last thought. Thinking back to before Sam was taller than she was. Singing the boys to sleep when they had nightmares about their parents. Thinking about the first time Sam managed to do a spell. He nearly set his hair on fire but he had been so happy. She would give her life for those boys. She wouldn’t let anyone take them from her. Not John. Not anyone. She walked to the front of their house, making sure all the wardings were still strong so nothing could enter their home while they sleep. As soon as she knew they were safe she went to her room. Her mind was troubled but she soon allowed herself to slip into a deep slumber. She tried to believe the words she told to Sam. That no matter where he went, Dean would always come home.
Sam was the first to look back up, anger filling his eyes. “I have no reason to see John. I would prefer to go to work and then come back home.” He continued to eat without another word.
“I won’t blame you for seeing him. If that is what you need then go ahead and do that. Sooner if you want. I can tell Rowena I am covering your end of things. Just don’t let him get in your head. That’s all I ask. Please…” Sam gave Dean his famous Sam Winchester puppy eyes. Never once has Dean been able to say no to Sam when he gave him that look.
Sam waved his arm causing the other man’s legs to sweep out from under him. He fell backward with a thump before shooting a glare to the spell caster. “Which one of us is the one on their ass, Dean?” Sam said smugly. Before Dean could throw magic back at Sam, a red-headed woman appeared from a puff of smoke.
Nothing infuriated him more than Dean did. That’s what brothers do. Fight and fight until someone else comes along to fight them and then it is a blood bath of protecting each other. But when it came to their dad their they had different thoughts completely.
Holding his tea with both of his large hands he let out a sigh before turning slightly to face Rowena. “I have had Dean threaten me before, but never like this. Never so seriously. Never because of dad. I know he loves me and I know he loves you. But dad messed up his head. I guess I feel guilty. Dad was extra hard on him because he refused to let him hit me. He hides how messed up he is as if it makes him less of a man. I just want to punch him in his stupid face. But I also want to hug him until he stops feeling the need to get dad’s approval.” His head sinks as he uses one of his thumbs to gently rub against his cup.
Quickly getting to the edge of the forest, Dean cast illuminate so that he could keep a small ball of light near him. He couldn’t ride in blind. He may be rusty but he wasn’t stupid. There was no telling what kinds of creatures he would be found here. “Okay, Winchester. Get in. Find some freak. Get out.” Sisco was hesitant about going in but Dean forced him. He rode around in the near darkness for a while. Jumping at every little sound coming from the depths of the darkness surrounding them. He must have spent at least an hour or two without finding so much as a regular animal. suddenly from his right, he could hear what almost sounded like singing or humming. It was deep and clearly coming from a man. Dean couldn’t help but follow the sound of the angelic voice. Wanting, no, needing to be closer to whatever it was coming from. Dean felt drawn to it. Like some being was calling out to him specifically. Almost as if by name. As he and Sisco crept closer and closer to the being, Dean could almost make out what it was. He saw what looked like a bright blue light behind some trees. It wasn’t blue in the way water was. It was more like the soft but powerful blue of a flower. Delicate and beautiful but insanely powerful. He could now clearly hear the sound of a man humming to a song he didn’t recognize. The man’s voice was deep and slightly scratchy but it sounded absolutely amazing. It was almost like he could feel it inside of him. Like his heart could follow along with the humming. Dean’s eyes went wide as he kept going closer and closer. Trying to see what was creating the sound. But before he could see anything more than blue light, Sisco stepped on a stick. The stick loudly snapped in half sending out a loud crack. The humming stopped. Dean felt as if his heart stopped. The wind around him picked up and loud sounds surrounded them. As the light got brighter Sisco began to panic. The horse was bucking and freaking out, not knowing what to do... “No no no no! Sisco! Shh! Sisco, calm down buddy.” Dean begged. The horse wouldn’t calm down and Dean’s magic gave out sending them into the pitch-black forest without anything to give off light. The warlock was quickly thrown off the horse roughly. His head slammed against a tree. Blue light once again filling his vision before black crept around the edges. “Sisco…” He muttered once more before slipping into complete and total darkness. As darkness crept closer he felt the shooting pain in his head as he felt his head droop and his body go numb. Sisco was long gone. Everything was gone. Dean was gone.
The next day the three magical beings ran around each other trying to get things ready for work. Trying to get everything together and loaded into their carriage. Dean and Rowena loaded the carriage while Sam hooked up their horse, giving him a few apples while brushing his mane. “Hurry up stable boy. Sisco’s gotta get up into town.” Dean said as he hopped into the carriage with the rest of their stuff. Rowena came out in her fancy dress with her bag. She pulled herself up to the front so she could help steer Sisco in the right direction despite him knowing exactly how to get into the village. Sam gave the horse a couple of gentle pats before hopping in next to Dean. The village wasn’t too far away but the ride there was a bit long. Sam and Dean sat in awkward silence for most of it. Neither wanting to talk about or apologize for the night before. Eventually, Dean caved in and muttered a small “sorry.” without really looking at Sam. As angry as Sam was, he knew he couldn’t blame Dean. They had different feelings towards their father. How much harm could John do from one talk?
The three of them talked amongst themselves. Many topics came up in conversation. Work, magic, friends. They enjoyed their food as they exchanged laughter. An odd family, but a found family. Their bond was tighter than that of any other “normal” family out there. But a sore subject had to be brought up. Everything in Rowena had wanted to put it off, to keep the happy smiles on her boys faces. But it had to be said. “Your father is being allowed visitors. I don’t need to reiterate my feelings about your father but… It isn’t my place to say you can’t see him. You both have work tomorrow but if either of you wants to go and see John then please just let me know.”
Dean tried to level out his voice to hide any emotion from his father. “I have been working. Not a whole lot of hunting… Most things are out at night and Rowena says we aren’t supposed to go out at night.” Mentioning Rowena seemed risky enough but mentioning rules that he obeyed might as well have been a death sentence.
“Yeah yeah. Don’t get your broom in a twist. We got all the plants on your list before doing anything else. Sam insisted on it.” Dean tilted his head to the bag on a smaller table in the other room. “Everything we need for a full restock,” he added.
“Talk to me, Samuel. I could hear you both screaming at each other. I wouldn’t be surprised if the neighboring village could hear you both.” She said placing a hand on his knee.
Smiling softly she thanked both of them. Turning her attention to Sam she said, “and you, dear. How was that little game? All your magic work? Please tell me you were able to hex your brother.”
Dean sat there, looking down a moment longer. “I’m heading to bed.” He says quietly as he excuses himself. He takes a moment to look back at Rowena and his brother but heads to his room without another word.
“Rowena isn’t our mom. She isn’t our parent. She is a wanted witch who stole some kids. Dad is dad. Doesn’t matter if he is a total asshole sometimes. He is our family. Not that freak.” Dean slammed the book closed and swung his legs out so he could stand up to yell at Sam.
Both boys were losing their heads. Screaming at each other. Thinking about throwing punches and throwing magic.
“Girly magic? There is nothing girly about being a witch. Not that a Winchester gifted with the powers of a warlock would care. Witches are the most powerful beings to exist. I suggest you bite your tongue before I hex it.” Rowena glared at him before letting out a sigh. Her look seemed a bit softer as she released her magical grip on both Sam and Dean. “Let’s just go home. Your dinner is getting cold and we have work to do tomorrow.” She offered a smile at the boys as she reached out her hands, wanting them to take them. As each boy smiled and took one of her much smaller hands, purple flames engulfed them. Soon they were back in their old but fancy-looking cottage. It was just beyond the busy human filled village. Sam and Dean went into the village often but Rowena only ventured that far for work. Not all humans were very accepting of those who possess magical powers. Then again, most magical beings were the only thing that could take on another magic being. It was good for the village or the higher kingdom to possess allies.
Once home, Rowena stripped from her cloak. This left her in a slim dress with sleeves that went just past her elbows. She let down her fiery red hair which she tucked behind her ears. She watched as the two boys took off their many layers of clothing. Leaving them in thin tunics and a pair of pants. The older woman looked over them for any injuries they may have given each other during one of their many games. She loved them as if they were her own children but they stressed her out more than if she were to bear ten children. That was the price of having magical young adults. Or just one. Dean was the only brother who inherited magical powers. Everything Sam had was because of what he learned from Rowena. Having one magical parent and one regular human had caused one brother to be a warlock and the other to be a non-magical human. Rowena knew when taking them in that he still had it inside of him and trained him to be a witch. A bit unconventional. But Rowena was the most unconventional witch there was. A covenless high witch raising a male witch and a warlock who showed up on her doorstep one day. Moving from her thoughts about the boys, Rowena gestured for them to sit down and set the table. While they were off messing around she had prepared food so all of them could sit down and talk about work the next day. “Dean, deary, please tell me that you picked up the things I asked you to while you and your brother were out trying to kill each other.” The boys worked with her at her shop where she sold things to the non-magical villagers. Simple stuff that wouldn’t mind-fuck any of them. Simple potions or magical items that would be of assistance.
“Hi, dad…” He says with a small voice. The normal happy sounding and egotistical Dean Winchester was long gone.
Rowena was going to be angry if he went into the forest at night. But John would kill him if he wasn’t a useful hunter. Dean decided that he was an adult and that if he wanted to go out at night that he would. He was a powerful warlock. A monster. He was capable of hunting down one measly thing in that forest. He had done it before, he can do it now.
The younger brother just stood up with him, glaring at him after what was said. “Really? Fucking really Dean? Boohoo. We had a shitty life. Don’t take that out on the woman who feeds your sorry ass. I didn’t even get to know mom. I couldn’t even begin to replace her. But if it weren’t for Rowena we would probably be dead because of the crazy shit dad did. If you want to repay her by slandering her and praising that monster then why don’t you leave? Go stay with dad. Oh, wait! He is in prison.”
Sam ambushes Dean in the kitchen; Dean doesn't know if it's day or night. Sam's fully dressed, his hair shower-damp. He's holding his tablet like he's planning on using it as a weapon.
"Don't worry about it. Sam can rustle up some pinch-hitters." There are plenty to choose from. Dean's still not used to having this many people in his house. "Where're you now?"
Cas brushes his fingers through Dean's hair, murmuring Dean's name, and Dean presses closer, hides his face in the curve of Cas' shoulder. He's exhausted, feels sick; the bloodlust always washes over him like a wave, ebbing away in a rush that leaves him cold and empty and unable to breathe.
Cas shifts his hand, tangling their fingers together, and he says, "Dean," again in a lighter voice. "The other day, I went -- I'm trying to arrange things so I can stay."
"I want to say it," Dean insists. "You fucking deserve to hear it." He has to swallow a few times before he can do it; all the scotch he drank is rising in his throat. "I love you. I have for years. I just—"
The phone keeps ringing. Groaning, Dean sits up and gropes through the blankets until he finds it. His vision is blurry, his eyes sticky with sleep. He puts the phone to his ear without really looking at it.
He'd been worn down to the bone that day, exhausted by his mom's death, Jack's soul, Cas being gone, Chuck. Going to Purgatory on a goose chase had chipped away the last of his defenses. Cas had disappeared, and Dean had prayed, and blurting it all out had felt like a bloodletting, like something festering inside him had finally welled up to face the sunlight.
"Yeah," Sam says, reaching for a grimoire. "Our best bet's probably a spell. Something that will sever his connection with the Empty, or reunite the part of him that's stuck there with the part that's here."
"I'll go," Dean says again. He owes Cas this, owes Cas everything. He wouldn't be standing here right now if Cas hadn't pulled him out of Hell. "I'll—"
Near the feet of the windmill, a stream is ribboning through the grass, about two-feet wide and sluggish. One bank is blooming with wildflowers, maybe ragwort, something with fluffy centers and long, thin, yellow petals. Dean walks over to where they're growing the thickest, crowding up around a pair of boulders just big enough to sit on. He spreads the ashes there as evenly as he can, watching as they sift down between the leaves.
He expects Dean to yell, to pull a knife, a gun, to throw holy water in his face. But Dean stares. His hands shake. His voice dips around Cas' name.
Sam says, "Great," like they didn't just drive twelve hours for nothing. "Are you hungry? We were thinking of grabbing dinner."
"But I can't—fuck. I can't stop it. No matter how—how bad I want to, I can't stop it. I don't even know if what I feel is even me, or if it's something Chuck put in my head for shits and giggles. But it's there. And I can't—I can't let it go."
Cas makes a rough, furious noise. But before he can fire another shot across Dean's bow, Sam walks in from the kitchen and clears his throat. "Uh, guys? Everything okay?"
His legs go numb, and a dull ache takes root at the base of his spine, but he stays where Cas threw him—where Cas
Belphegor snorts. "C'mon." He tips his head back a little, enough to flash the scorch marks under his sunglasses. "I told you, I read the papers. You guys are legendary, with all the fighting and brainwashing and rebelling." He makes a slow, thoughtful noise in the back of his throat. "I heard you
After a pause, Sam says, "Maybe," and sets the tablet on the table. It's open to a bright-white online article from the Casper Star-Tribune; Dean squints at it as Sam continues, "I've been thinking about it, and this is what I'm good at. It's what I know. And now that Chuck's gone, it feels different. It's less—" He trails off and waves his hands like he can't find the words. "It's smaller. It's saving people, not the whole world."
. Dean had wanted to bruise Cas' skin, bite Cas' lips, slam Cas up against a wall. He'd wanted to fuck Cas, be fucked. He'd wanted to vent his anger at Heaven on one of its immovable objects.
When he walks back out to the parking lot, Sam is leaning against the Impala's hood, his feet crossed at the ankles. His cheeks are pink, either from Eileen or the cold.
When they get back to the motel, Sam slinks off to bunk with Eileen. Dean grabs the Maker's Mark from his bag and slouches onto his bed.
south. they've been following cas' gut for the last day and a half, toward a weapon of some kind, something that can blow michael out of the sky. cas doesn't even know what, just that it's *there*, that he can feel it. to the south.
They're north of Waterloo, parked on the shoulder of US 63.  Jack is pacing the field behind them, trying to reconnect with whatever cosmic disturbance he's been sensing the last couple of days.
Something rustles up ahead, close enough that Dean's levels his gun as he clears the next thicket of trees. He moves toward it slowly, careful where he places his feet. At the top of the rise, he sees—
Ten minutes. Dean should really get back out there, before Cas gives up on him and leaves. They drove over in the Impala, but Cas knows how to steal a car. He's got his own credit cards now, so he could pay a taxi. He could --
"But," Billie muses. "Which one's right?" She tips her head to the side and gives Dean a long, narrow look. "That depends on you. On the choices, you make."
The cabin creaks and sighs with a gust of wind, and Cas and Dumah exchange a long, silent look. Cas' mouth is tight, his lips pressed into a thin line. A bad feeling slithers up Dean's spine.
He starts coughing again, fresh blood flecking his lips, and Dean gets to his feet. He mumbles, "I—dinner," and cocks his head toward the door. He walks out like he can't feel Cas glaring murder at his back.
Before Dean can say anything, Cas turns away and starts up the low rise leading into the trees. A gust of wind twists between them, tugging at the tails of Cas' coat.
episode with the volume nearly at zero. He opens the bag of Cheetos he lifted from a convenience store in Sterling but doesn't eat them. He paces. Sits. Paces. Sits.
Sam is quiet for a long moment. Then: "Look, I know you and Cas, uh—I know he… meant a lot to you, but—"
"Dean." Cas takes a careful step closer. "I felt you praying. I felt your… longing. Your regret. But my grace is so depleted, I couldn't hear what you were saying."
Cas shuts the door a little harder than necessary. He cocks an eyebrow and asks, "Have you finished your tantrum?"
Still, it couldn't -- well. He hadn't been lying when he told Sam hunting is the only normal he knows. It is. It's just that hunting is also really fucking lonely sometimes -- especially right now, when he's less than a month back inside his own skin and getting closer and closer to the wrong side of thirty-five. He's pretty much accepted that settling down won't even be in his cards, unless -- well. No sense thinking about that right now.
Cas is silent for a long time, long enouh that Dean almost hangs up, embarrassment a living thing in his gut. They’ve been friends all these years, but Cas has his mojo back, and is making plans to go back to heaven and maybe stay there, and Dean is just a dipshit human who keeps getting himself marked for hell. Then:
Dean waves that off. He doesn't want to hear about Michael. Or think about Michael. Or even remember that Michael fucking exists.
He's on his sixth or seventh trip down the hall when Cas comes out looking tired and drawn. His mouth is tight, and blood is smeared underneath his jaw. The skin around it is already healed, but seeing it still makes something sour twist into Dean's gut.
speech was nice to hear, but it was mostly bravado. Dean ought to know: he's been peddling the same kind of crap for years. "Yeah. I—I'll be right there."
"Shitty. Yeah, I know." Dean leans his shoulder against the door jamb and scrubs a hand through his hair. "But this ghost thing—it's big. We need all the help we can get."
"I told him the truth," Dean says, flat. They've already had this argument about twenty times, but if Sam wants to go another round—fine. "See, you think you can use this freak, but I know how this ends, and it ends bad."
A burst of light so bold and bright it hurt his eyes; a gust of wind that raged against the walls, howled like a hurricane.
"I know," Cas says simply. "I've always known. But you seemed unwilling to address it, so I never brought it up."
(A green and yellow motel in Rexford. Holy fire throwing shadows on the wall. A stretch of highway between Des Moines and Mason City: summer heat and road dust and Cas' hand on Dean's thigh. Purgatory. Ham sandwiches in a cabin. Cheeseburgers at a diner with blue and white tablecloths. A rainstorm, and the curve of Cas' jaw in the orange-red flare of a vacancy sign. Cas' palm opening as Dean hands him a tape of Led Zeppelin songs. Sparks falling in an abandoned barn)
"Since I got this… new job," she says, walking closer to Dean, "I stand witness to a much larger picture. Do you know what I see? You, and your brother. You're important."
"Flesh," Dean mutters, wrinkling his nose. As the last of the shivers pass, he rubs his sweaty palms on his knees. "So, I—uh. I gotta tell you something. But it might take me a minute, so don't—"
they came out here looking for jesse and cesar, but their little homestead outside cimarron has been abandoned. dean hopes they found some place to hole up.
Wind batters at the window, shaking the dusty curtains. Cas asks, "How bad are things in Heaven?" in a quiet, tired voice.
"I'm sorry. I—I shoulda been watching your back that night. I shoulda known Lucifer was gonna come crawling outta that hole in the Matrix. I shoulda—"
"Something stupid and dangerous?" Cas repeats sharply. A muscle tics in his jaw. "Something like...  letting an archangel possess you? Even after I begged you not to?"
They don't do this much. Dean doesn't dare—he already needs Cas more that he wants to admit. But it's easier sometimes—easier to put his hands in Cas' hair, to mouth at the hinge of Cas jaw, to let himself forget about the bullshit going on. For a little while, he can pretend their lives are normal. That they have enough time. That they ever get to be in the same place for more than two or three days.
Sam says, "Hey," again and squeezes Dean's shoulder. His knees pop as he stands. "We'll get him back."
Dean heads into his room to grab the books he's been hoarding. He doesn't realize Cas has followed him until he turns back toward his dresser and plants his elbow in Cas' side. Cas tries to move out of the way, but the damage is already done. A jolt of pure ice screams up to Dean's shoulder.
"I remember being here," Cas says, his eyes skipping away. "Then I was in the Empty. The entity put me to sleep right away."
"Yep." Dean's gut wants a divorce, and a headache is jackhammering at the base of his skull. He hasn't slept much in the last week. He misses Cas like a phantom limb. "Just peachy."
"Cas," Dean says, hoarse. His tongue keeps tripping him up, like it's too big for his mouth. But he can't write his own stories if he can't get the words out. "I love you, and I want you here. With me."
a fucking angel. "You heard what Chuck said. In ever other universe, he pulled me out of Hell and walked away."
; killing him was never on the table. And Dean knows, somewhere deep down, that killing a kid Cas wanted to protect shouldn't be on the table either. But Cas'
Holy water doesn't help. Neither does salt or the blood of a saint. After that, they try three different exorcisms—two Latin translations that don't do anything, and an Enochian version that doesn't do anything
The property's been abandoned for years; the last things standing are the windmill, a rusted water tank, and a house that's more ribs that shiplap. Behind that, there's the corpse of a tractor and a pile of wood that probably used to be the barn.
Dean says, "Sam," and stops. He thinks of Cas' crying. Cas' hand shaking as it touched his shoulder. Cas' mouth curving around that last fucking smile. The ache under his ribs is so restless and raw he barely has room to breathe. "I'm not—I can't—"
Cas studies him for a moment, then kisses him, leaning in slow and brushing their mouths together easy and soft. He tastes like chocolate and vodka from his stupid martini, and he curls his hand around the back of Dean's neck, stroking his thumb over the dip behind Dean's ear. As he pulls away, he slides his other hand down Dean's arm, pausing at Dean's wrist before he laces their fingers together.
face -- the ragged, tapered curl of horns, the longer, sharper teeth, the way the eyes inside the smoke are (nearly) the same impossible green of his vessel -- but he neither repulsed or afraid, his instinct to protect Dean stronger than his impulse to smite one of hell's creatures. He reaches out, wanting to pull Dean close, wishing Dean would allow it.
"Hey," Sam says, looking tired and pale as he walks down the garage stairs. His mouth is pinched like he lied about how much his bullet wound is hurting him. "What's going on?"
Dean can feel Sam glaring murder at him, but he doesn't really give a shit. He's not letting Lucifer's kid laugh at cartoons when what's left of Cas is in a coffee can in the Impala's trunk.
"It's intact," Cas replies. He shifts again, and the lamp behind him sunbursts through his shoulder. "But I can't touch it."
the door opens with a tired, rusty shriek. the rats chewing the hymnals scatter as the flooboards creak under their feet. cas sits in the last pew and folds his hands. he sighs quietly before bowing his head.
They settle in on their sides with Mary Grace between them, and Dean falls asleep with Cas' hand spread over his hip and Mary Grace's hand curled around his finger.
"You don't have to, to --" Dean clears his throat, unable to say it. He wants this with Cas, wants it desperately, but not if Cas doesn't mean it, not if he's just babysitting because he thinks Dean can't be left alone. "You don't --"
Cas' footsteps cut through the white noise in the hallway—the dull whistle-hum of the heater, the low buzz coming from the ancient lights. Dean turns away as Cas walks in and bites the inside of his cheek. He shouldn't have stormed out like that. But Jack started coughing up blood again, and he—he—
"We, uh—we don't know," Sam admits. "He took off, after that thing with Nick. I thought Mom was with him, but she isn't answering her phone."
Dean stares at him, feeling suddenly hot in his fed suit, unable to breathe. He hadn't -- except that he had -- except that he
When they finally pull apart, he plucks at Cas' lapel and asks, "What about this? You've got a job now."
They're at the ritzy Italian restaurant in Smith Center, which is the kind of place Dean usually avoids unless he's questioning the manager about the weird rattling noise in the stockroom or the cold spots behind the bar. The mirror in the restroom is rose-colored; between that and the dim lighting he seems younger, more bright-eyed. He doesn't look like a guy who's been to hell or been a demon or -- any of that.
“It’s a bit like a Holodeck,” Dean says thoughtfully they reach the back of The Roadhouse. Dean opens the backdoor and gestures for Cas to go first. It’s a convincing enough simulacrum of Bobby, after all.
“Dean,” Cas says. It’s placating, so much packed into that one word, his name. It has the intended effect, and Dean waits for Cas to speak his mind, albeit reluctantly. “Dean,” Cas repeats, this time sounding more resigned. Dean feels silently vindicated. “I know it’s not ideal. And so does Jack. We’re—working on it.”
Cas seems disinterested in small talk, reticent and serious. Dean occasionally steals glances at him as they trudge forth, awestruck by his sharp profile and somber expression. There’s something that shines through in Cas’s expressions, the divine seeping through its human confines, and it never seems clearer to Dean than when he beholds his friend in profile.
Bobby gives another gruff nod as Dean passes, entering the building. Dean hears him say “Have fun in there, boys” as Cas shuts the door.
Part of him, huh. “’Perfectly adequate,’ Cas?” Dean asks, raising his eyebrows as he takes the blade. He steps closer to the trunk and braces himself as though gearing for a knife fight. “You need to get some self-confidence, buddy.” After he says it his words catch up to him, and his stomach drops instantly with guilt. He wants to fix it all now, to say the right words and look directly at Cas without breaking the stare, but he overcomes the impulse and anxiously jabs the blade into the tree, like a needle into a pincushion.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says. Lightbulbs are still flashing and exploding above them, and Dean sees Cas’s outstretched wings in silhouette against the barn wall.
“Jack isn’t God,” Cas says. He says it patiently but in a way that suggests this fact should be obvious, though to Dean it certainly is not.
“I really am sorry,” Dean says softly, still not looking at Cas. The forest has taken no time to devour them, the overgrowth of nature blocking out light. Dean feels more like he’s swimming in some dark, viscous ocean than hacking through a primordial forest. It’s strange and makes no sense, but Dean supposes that’s nothing new.
“Now what, we bring this whole damn tree to a river? Is that it?” Dean is trying to keep the incredulity to a minimum, he really is, but the fact that after forty years of the hunter life he’s still encountering new supernatural problems is just difficult to accept some days.
.” Everything else being, presumably, the continuous maintenance of every universe, ever. It makes Dean feel sort of special that he could be enough to distract Jack from successfully juggling all of
“A little help?” Dean snipes finally after a few tense minutes of this. He hazards a glance back at Cas, who extends his hand. Dean hands him the blade and steps back, clearing space for him to work.
“You should not have done that, Dean,” Cas says warningly once he’s finished coughing. He wipes his mouth with the back of his palm. He looks wrung out, not unlike the way he’d looked when releasing the Leviathan, though Dean isn’t sure why he thinks of that now. Just one of many ways Dean had made Cas a fuck up, he supposes.
“You’re just saying words, Cas,” Dean says, careful to stay a few feet ahead. He needs this slight distance.
That non-zero statistic doesn’t sound too good, so Dean ignores it. “Hey,” he says. Cas glances back at him. “I can’t wait to see you again.” He means to play it a little joking, a little offhand, to soften the underlying earnestness, but it comes out painfully sincere.
“Alright, fine,” Cas says, petulant. Dean smiles at that but refuses to look back. It still hurts to face Cas fully, knowing how things had ended and with the other elephant still very much in the room. “Putting it in terms of the visual scenario you and Jack have provided, we are in this forest to find a particular tree, which will allow us to build a particular boat, on which we can sail back to the moment when Jack downgraded God, which will be—once again in analogical terms—like sewing a loop to stitch fabric. It will close the anomalous hole into which your timeline accidentally slipped, and this time you will hopefully avoid self-impalement on a rusted nail.” Cas says that last bit with a particularly sardonic bite, and Dean gets the feeling that there’s an unspoken threat buried in his words. Fair enough.
“There,” Cas says, and Dean knows without glancing back that he’s pointing somewhere. Dean refuses to check where Cas is indicating, instead scanning the horizon himself until he sees what Cas must be noticing. A silver tree, vast and magnificent and almost luminescent. Distant enough not to be obvious but nonetheless visible when observed.
“If they’re all like that, I’d rather avoid anyone else,” Dean mutters as they head towards the back of the building.
Dean exhales unsteadily, relief and sheer terror at once. “I missed you,” he says after a beat. He huffs out a surprised laugh, which along with Dean’s words startles Sam enough that he pulls away, breaking the tight embrace. He stares at Dean as though verifying he’s real, still holding him up like he might collapse. Cas is still staring intently at him, but Dean breaks his gaze to look at his brother. “Hiya, Sammy,” he grins. Not today, vampire mimes. He feels on top of the world—on top of the universe.
, because that seems ludicrous based on optics. And it reaffirms the maxim Dean has chosen to believe since arriving in this apparent Heaven: Cas is his compass.
Dean had played his part with Bobby, but when the sheen of absurdity hadn’t worn off even after the piss-tasting beer, he’d decided to trust his gut. The stakes were awfully low if he was wrong, after all, because if he was then this would be Heaven.
“It’s a mess, you shouldn’t have died, everything’s under construction,” Cas had said once Dean had gotten close enough. Three short successive statements, a tidy recitation like a prayer or a to-do list. Dean believed it because it made sense in a way that nothing else had since he’d died—hell, since before then, even.
Cas smiles at him, an expression that still seems sad to Dean. He says nothing in response, only turns back ahead in order to keep guiding them toward infinity (or something like that).
He chokes a little on blood, and a mouthful of it forces past his lips. The taste and the smell make his head hurt. Rust and salt, that familiar red wetness.
“We’re sailing down this river of sludge on that tree?” Dean asks. Cas grimaces. “Or whatever the cosmic equivalent of that is,” Dean adds. “I don’t know what this looks like with God goggles, please forgive me.”
“I’m just kind of confused,” Dean says, which is putting it mildly. “Jack is God, right? So he’s omniscient. He shouldn’t need a three month trial period; he should have had a lock on everything from the get-go.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean sighs, softening. The fight goes out of him along with his exhale. “Cas, listen.” Dean turns towards Cas and steels himself mentally. “We are gonna talk about. Everything. I swear. But for now—it’s just all too much.” He internally winces at how bad it sounds, hating himself for it and because of how much he now knows it must hurt Cas to hear. But it’s true, now just isn’t the time. It can’t be.
Cas drives the blade into the tree in a single fluid sweep of his arm, and the groan of the tree strains Dean’s ears for a moment as it shudders, splintering.
Sam doesn’t let him go, only collapses under him until they’re both kneeling inelegantly in the hay. Something brushes Dean’s forehead, a gently, white-hot caress, and then he’s been knitted completely together.
“It’s okay, Dean.” Cas says it with such care and conviction that Dean knows he means it even though it’s nearly unfathomable. Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder—Dean privately revels in the familiar touch, feeling guilty as he does so.
“I am not the conjuration of a God.” Cas says, his voice low and firm. His tone has a dangerous edge to it, a gesture toward anger, almost, which both excites and scares Dean. “I am just as ‘in the lurch’ as you,” he continues (Dean can hear the air quotes even though Cas doesn’t physically make them). “We are resorting to this because Jack can’t handle a project this
