After skirting several near collisions, they see Tui standing at the edge of the chaos, by herself. She waves when she sees them, welcoming them to join her apart from the frenzy.
Sherlock chuckles and steps back so John can get a proper look, and as John gets his fill of Sherlock's new curves, Sherlock bends down and kisses their egg.
When John came down a few minutes later, Sherlock was done with his tea and toast and was holding the note between his index finger and thumb. John stood at Sherlock’s side and leaned down to kiss him on the mouth. James sat still as stone next to them.
Sherlock bit back a smile, and without looking up, waved his long fingers over the page, and said, “Kevin? Oh, just some guy.”
John stopped teasing. In one fluid motion, he grabbed Sherlock under the arms, and pulled them both down onto the bed, lifting Sherlock up and over him so that Sherlock’s hips were aligned with John’s shoulders. John shimmied and shifted, and then Sherlock felt a long swipe of tongue up his shaft. Sherlock pressed his forehead to the mattress and linked his fingers over the back of his head.
The sofa had always been Sherlock's territory, always. It was the only place he could properly lay himself out for a good sulk, other than his bed, and what was the point of sulking in his bedroom if John couldn't see him do it? The frailty of genius may have been an audience, but the audience of a sulking consulting detective was categorically John Watson. He was in the middle of a spectacularly good sulk the first time it happened.
After breakfast Sherlock and Imi disappear outside to check on the bees one last time, and John clears the table and runs the tap for the breakfast dishes. It's hard to concentrate on the task at hand when his head is so full of Sherlock's admission that he, too, has been thinking about their first time. Fortunately for him, this is a mindless task that takes no effort whatsoever, and he smiles to himself and sponges soapy water over the dishes, lingering over those very first hours.
They walked into the house to the sound of Mrs. Hudson vacuuming her bedroom. They shrugged off their coats, hats, and gloves, lined up their boots on the doormat inside the front door, and made a beeline for the stairs. Their impending separation had been sending shockwaves of need through them all day long. They’d only gone halfway up the stairs when the vacuum went off and Sherlock heard Mrs. Hudson call out, “Sherlock? Is that you?”
Sherlock held him close, kissing whatever he could reach. John was a delicious, sweaty, heavy, post-orgasmic miracle on top of him. He never ceased to be amazed that they could give each other such pleasure, never stopped feeling even closer to John after making love. Never had Sherlock felt so necessary to someone, so adored and wanted and appreciated.
Sherlock sat down and tugged the sides of his robe closer together. He crossed one leg over the other, then switched legs, then switched again.
Sherlock finished his drink and took inventory around the table. Everyone was either done, or almost done, with whatever they were drinking. Buying another round seemed like the right thing to do, especially for Greg, who’d gotten them into the club in the first place.
And then John is with him, pressed against him, wings wrapped so tight, his neck rubbing Sherlock’s, his cheek and bill caressing his shoulder. John is whispering his name,
Sherlock drains his wine glass and holds it out for John to refill, then sets it down and leans forward, resting his elbows on the table and interlacing his fingers under his chin. “I do. We can't leave yet because we haven't talked about it, and you'll want to talk about it here, not at home, so that you can imagine yourself leaving behind the parts and pieces you don't want, for someone to sweep up at the end of the night, and carry out to the bin in the back. It's a clever mental trick, quite impressive.”
“Coming here, to your ancestral home, was one of the most thoughtful gifts anyone has ever given me. I’ve enjoyed every single moment of being here with you.”
I could easily spend 100,000 words writing in-depth details of all things Chicago, but I don't think that's why anyone is here. I purposefully glossed over the boys' trip to the FLW house because if I started talking about him and his work I'd not know where to stop. Needless to say, FLW, the John Hancock, the Bean, and the Chicago Cultural Center are all important parts of this city's history and architecture.
John held out a flute of something bubbly, holding another one close to his chest. “Did you finish the spinach smoothie?”
“Well, that’s all, sir. We found it about halfway up that path, not long after we started going to the cave.”
The hatchlings bounce and wobble and flap their ridiculously small wings. Despite everything, Sherlock has to smile. They remind him of himself and John, just one winter ago. So alert, so excited, always on the lookout for a new adventure. Like these two, they were probably the only ones who would have heard such a call over such a racket.
Sherlock led John by the hand through the crowds until they were at the edge of a packed dance floor. They drained their drinks, set their empty glasses down on a nearby table, and squeezed into a sliver of open space.
“Yeah. I’m not gonna last though. I’m trying to drag it out, but you feel so good, and I wanna make you feel so good, and oh God, look at you.”
A slow tremor moves upwards from Sherlock’s belly into his throat. Each wave of it reminds him of diving into the sea, reminds him of the tension, the push, the suspension, the plunge. It reminds him of the crossover into that otherworldly place.
John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him. “Surely the BIG-SAM doesn’t rule out a little fooling around while a newly married couple endeavours to solve a case?”
The drop of salty-bitter spread over Sherlock’s tongue and he opened his throat to swallow. John bucked to the back of Sherlock’s mouth.
John crammed the cookie in his mouth and grinned. “I’ll eat lots of protein at dinner tonight,” he mumbled through a mouthful of crumbs.
5. The part about emperor pengs reaching sexual maturity after three years, but not taking a mate for another one to three years, sometimes longer, is true. I have no idea what they're waiting for.
"I understand." Gratitude and humility wash over Sherlock. All this time, he thinks to himself, all this time Sherlock had assumed Mycroft did not want these most common elements of peng life when in actuality Mycroft had abstained in order to dedicate his life to Sherlock.
Sherlock put the matter out of his head, which meant at the front door of his mind palace so he could find it easily when he wished to revisit it, and returned to the topic at hand, which was finding appropriate blogs to follow. Shockingly, Tumblr was bereft of chemistry blogs, and the ones he did find were filled with something called memes that seemed to poke fun of various chemical processes. No. Not for him. He followed the few legitimate chemistry blogs he could find, as well as general science blogs, three amateur detective blogs (laughable!), half a dozen London photography blogs, and before realizing it wasn’t legitimate,
“You saved me, John, and even though I was quite upset at the time, I do understand how much I owe you, and I just want you to know, should I not come back, that you … you mean … the very world to me. And,” she continues, her voice going low, “if I do come back, I hope that we can continue to get to know one another, and continue this very special friendship.”
So, here they were, on the precipice of what? Were they going to drink Champagne to their future together? Or maybe they were going to drink Champagne and wish each other well as they went their separate ways? Or maybe they were going to drink Champagne because John liked Champagne?
, and John hummed a little louder. Sherlock pressed the flat of his tongue over John, not moving it, just pressing, giving John wet heat.
He dreams that he and John stand on a precipice, high above the sprawling plain of Pobeda. Below them, hundreds of their own colony members form a queue, shuffling toward them, waddling the slowest waddle Sherlock has ever seen. When the first one finally arrives, she says nothing, but pushes an egg onto Sherlock’s feet. The next one arrives, and slips an egg onto John’s feet. More and more come, steady as snow, and each of them give Sherlock and John an egg.
is the word you’re looking for, and yes, you do need to learn to protect yourself against birds of prey. You also need to eat."
That night, alone in bed, Sherlock pressed John's pillow to his face and breathed John's scent deep into his lungs. He ran his hands over the places on the mattress where John would be sprawled, and stretched his leg diagonally across the bed, and held onto John this way, with his pillow and scent and usual places.
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and pushed him down, lowering himself on top, rubbing their cocks together for a moment before sitting up straight over John’s hips. Sherlock took John in hand again, swiping the excess oil up his shaft toward the tip before pressing it to his body. He spread his knees more, curled his hips, and sank down.
, and someday, when we are ready, I would like to share who we are with a hatchling of our own. I think that any hatchling of ours would be a continuation of us, and that is far better than a continuation of just me.”
A short while after that they were back in a spotlessly clean kitchen. Annette had left a note saying that she’d cleaned half of the ground floor, including the library, sitting room, and dining room, and that she’d be back the next day at 10:00 a.m. to keep going.
“How many rocks are you overturning?” Was he really asking these questions? He sounded like a jealous spouse questioning where his partner had been until 3:00 in the morning, but suddenly it was paramount that he understand the nature of the competition he was up against.
“Maybe the ketchup is very, very far away. Maybe the ketchup is in the bedroom and the french fries are in the kitchen.”
”But, you told me. When it was all over, after the—when we went back home that day, I asked you if it was my fault, if it was because I was sick, and you said they’d been on their way home because—”
“Thank you. I want you to know, that is, you should know that I do very much want to pick up where we left off.”
According to the 2010 census figures, Andersonville has more same sex households than Boystown. This doesn't really surprise me, as it has an older demographic, and one with more established careers. This neighborhood is for couples, not just-out-of-college kids looking for a good time.
Mrs. Hudson served up the pound cake with butter, jam, and glasses of milk, then retrieved her feather duster from the counter and returned upstairs to banish the dust.
“Mycroft, what are the chances of us finding a seal tooth that exactly matches the description of a seal tooth from an ancient legend? And, I might add, one that involves the fate of our kind?”
“Big time.” Sherlock met Kevin’s eyes for a moment, and saw nothing but affection there. He smiled, and laughed at the memory of how afraid he and John had been to approach each other. “Very much big time. God, it was horrible before we figured it out.”
The hatchlings observe John and Sherlock using their secret language when they want to communicate outside of the chicks’ comprehension –
“I will stay to tell the story, Mycroft, but only if I can do so in the next three days. The next part of my journey bears a sense of urgency that I cannot deny. I will be useless to you here once that compulsion to continue consumes me. And it will.”
“You all right?” Marcus asked, pulling the next ticket from the machine and looking at him askance. “You look a bit…peaked.”
John, despite the three-to-one vote against his idea, continues to propose they stab Moringa in the head with a gigantic icicle, and search her for the tooth. He suspects she has tucked it high up under her wing, but when asked, cannot explain how she could swim with her wing permanently tucked against her side.
“I can’t believe you guys are going to Chicago and leaving me stuck here in the middle of BFN.” Harry had started grousing about their upcoming trip the second she heard about it.
John could've sworn the car was still moving when Sherlock jumped out and ran for the front door. He slung a duffel bag over his shoulder, and followed.
Sherlock’s wrinkles are still there, but his eyes look less furious. Maybe just sad now. There’s a twitch of movement at the corner of his mouth, but he doesn’t speak.
He smirks at John and the other junior pengs, and he and Mycroft take their leave. As they walk away, Sherlock hears Lestra count down for Janine.
John left his place at the end of the table and came to stand close to Sherlock; close, but not touching. “Don’t be embarrassed. It was incredibly sexy. Now, I promised you a tour of the grounds, yeah?”
“I go for long walks, I avoid the neighbours, I buy Hobnobs by the case. I have a telescope, for observing the sky at night, and I have learned everything there is to know about the solar system. I rarely get haircuts, as you have undoubtedly noticed, and sometimes I don’t shave for a day or two.”
Sherlock kept his hand on the back of John’s neck until they were in the elevator, then walked John up against the wall and dropped to his knees.
Finally, John stands up and looks at Sherlock with clear, bright eyes. He presses his cheek to Sherlock’s, as if to kiss him, but the kiss doesn’t come. Instead, John starts giggling, quietly at first, as if he’s just thought of the funniest thing, a flying fish, perhaps, or a pink penguin. He giggles louder, and louder, until his entire body is shaking, and he has to lean into Sherlock for support, because his body is so consumed with laughter, it cannot focus on other simple functions, such as standing.
“Anyway, I'm happy for you both, and as long as you're discreet when you're in this house, I have no truck with what the two of you get up to.
“Working. He’d come in every other weekend or so, always left with some young twink – no offense,” he said, glancing at Sherlock, “He never left with the same guy twice. I thought he was kidding when he asked me out, because based on what I’ve seen, I’m not his type at all. I said no. I’ve had my share of one night stands, but going into it knowing there’s no chance of a next time kind of takes the fun out of it, know what I mean?”
Sherlock unfolded the extra blanket at the bottom of his bed, arranged it over the quilt, and pulled the covers down so they could slide underneath. John curled up against Sherlock, back to front, and grabbed his phone off the nightstand.
Apo approached Pono and told her what the tribunal had decided, then moved to retrieve the egg from where it rested on her small feet. They scuffled, but even at his advanced age, the elder was able to overtake tiny Pono with her weak wing, and had soon wrested the egg from her. The elder then stood his ground while Pono battered herself against the bodies, claws, and bills of his cohorts, who had arranged themselves in a circle around him.
“Likewise, Greg. You and Kevin should come up to the farms this summer. There’s not much to do, but it’s relaxing and quiet.”
"Janine has been practicing the legend for many moons now. It occurred to me one night as I listened that perhaps some of this is not her story to tell. Perhaps for this generation, it should be different. This generation is Erebel’s, and she shouldn’t learn who you are from anyone but you. I asked her not to tell."
Sherlock senses he is about to witness a very personal moment between his two friends. Mycroft is already backing away.
John is gathering stones at the edge of the shore and Sherlock is pretending not to stare. He could help gather stones, but that would interfere with his ability to really, properly, stare at John. He is simultaneously watching for leopard seals, because he told John that he couldn’t help him because someone had to watch for the enemy, but he knows that no seals have been reported in this area since before the hatching season.
John bit into another cookie as Sherlock pulled him out of the lobby. “Thanks, Jessica!” he called out as they went through the revolving door.
John stands and shushes him, and the room goes silent as Sherlock's keening dwindles to hushed begging. “Oh god John
The song began to blend with another, slower song, and John and Sherlock wound it down, softening their touches, lessening the tight hold between them. Within a minute or two they were swaying, John's hands linked behind Sherlock's neck, Sherlock's arms around John's lower back. John looked up at Sherlock and smirked.
Downstairs he hears Sherlock come in through the back door, cross the lounge, and turn the water on in the kitchen. He waits another few minutes, then takes the thick stack of paper from the printer, taps it into a fairly neat pile, and goes downstairs to meet him.
John dropped his duffel bag on the rug as Sherlock tugged him forward, closed the door, then pressed him back against it.
“Anahera, let’s not waste time on small talk. Let’s review, shall we? You told Tui that you were coming to find us, that you had a brilliant idea to help us get an egg. We were on our way to find you at the same time, and we searched all day. You disappeared. You have been gone, and our hearts have been breaking, for more than half a moon. Half a moon, Anahera.
Sherlock’s distress is palpable, his trill is anxious, and other pengs nearby look over in curiosity. If he thought he knew sadness before, if he thought he knew separation, he knew nothing. He will see John later today, if all goes well. But Erebus and Selvic …
“Well, that was more productive than I thought it would be,” John said as they approached the Range Rover.
“We need to talk about all of this more, though, okay?” he continued. “The things you said about all of this being new to us, and exploring things we might like, that’s important, too. I never want to do something you aren’t comfortable with.”
He stood at the edge and looked down. The water's surface was still as glass, reflecting back the reach of branches, one stray cloud, his own mop of hair.
Here's the thing. At my heart, I'm all about the relationship. Cases don't intrigue me the way Sherlock and John's relationships does. The plot of this story doesn't even intrigue me as much as the relationships of the various characters do. In other words, this chapter is really just another character study, and nothing happens, LOL.
You’re so tall, so strong. I can tell how hard you’ve worked while you’ve been away, how much swimming and walking you’ve done. Look at your legs, and your wings. They’re so
Sherlock says “I’ll be back soon,” because he cannot say “goodbye,” not again. He and John cling to each other, neither wanting to say the next word in a string of words, each leading to the last. Finally, Sherlock strokes John’s bill with his own and bends down to kiss the egg. When he stands again, John shakes his head and closes his eyes.
“Well, that certainly is a relief,” Sherlock answers, sitting still under Imi's careful administrations.
John turned his head from side to side and lifted his chin. He shaved over the patch Sherlock had pointed out and rinsed the blade again.
in a larger bag. Mrs. Hudson would love it, and he was relieved to have found something for her this early in the trip.
“I love you. Always have done. Won’t likely stop, either. I thought, maybe, we could restart here, the way it might have been from the beginning, had we not both been such complete idiots.
Everything is gone. Every single feather, every tiny artefact, bone and shell. The seal tooth. It’s all gone.
He heard the clink of the coffee pot, and the opening and closing of the refrigerator door. He’d be putting in the milk and sugar now, for Sherlock, and just a dash of milk for himself.
The other men around him start sketching and working paint onto their palettes, mixing colours, adjusting perspectives and proportions with sticks of charcoal. Sherlock feels feverish and dizzy and something else, something worse, something horrifying.
Sherlock felt the sheet covering his thighs tug tighter, and looked over the side of the bed to see what was pulling on it. His eyes were now adjusting to the shadows, and he could see something small, perhaps four inches tall and two inches wide, something furry, something dark brown in colour, hoisting itself onto the bed by its precarious grip on the bed sheet. It then flopped over, quite dramatically, onto its back. From there, the small furry thing let out a deep sigh, and appeared to unfold.
Mrs. Watson had her back to them, and was whisking something as she poured it onto a griddle. Harry sat at the table, slumped over a glass of orange juice. She was still in her pajamas and a terrycloth robe, and had pulled her hair back into a messy ponytail. She raised her head when they came in, looked back and forth between them, and sighed. Mr. Watson was still thumping around upstairs, probably getting dressed.
There were quick answers that begged no follow-up (green, Hamish, Harriet Katherine, 157, Viognier, neither quail nor Cornish hen), and there were answers that required a little follow-up (3:00 p.m. or 5:30 p.m?, chamber or sinfonietta?, with a C or a K?, but
John clenched the napkin dispenser in his hands when the waiter appeared at their table, but he needn’t have worried. The harried, late-twenty-something, perspiring employee took their order without a second glance, not bothering to write anything down, and disappeared again.
Sherlock kept doing it, stretching higher, lingering longer before sliding back down. He was fully hard now, aching. He slid his cock into the soft flesh between John’s cheeks again, and John spread his legs further and began to roll his hips into the bed. Sherlock couldn’t help but let out a groan. He watched the rise and fall of John’s ass, the soft clench and unclench of each undulation. He watched the way John’s cheeks clutched at the tip of his erection, watched as a drop of precome oozed out and onto John’s skin.
John steps forward and places a warm hand on Sherlock's waist, over the corset, his thumb rubbing lightly against one of the stays. His eyes are on Sherlock's rosy nipples now, pert little nubs that peaked in the cool air that came in with John. He runs one hand up Sherlock's long, graceful neck, and into the curls at the back of his head. He holds out the bottle of champagne in his other hand, eyes dropping to the stockings and G-string. “Why don't you open this and pour us some, and I'll, em, go get a bit more comfortable?”
John, however, steps closer, and Sherlock can feel him at his side, stretching up to his full height. The wing pressed into his side is clenching, too, as if John is waiting for a fight. Delightful Johnling.
Sherlock watched John climb out of bed, watched his strong thighs as he crossed the room, watched his ass flex and release under his narrow hips and waist, his strong back. He already wanted him again.
Sherlock tread water and calculated where John might reappear. It was much closer than he'd approximated. Three feet away, close enough to feel the currents John's legs created. John wiped a hand over his face, pushed his hair back, and blew a spray of water between them. Drops of water sat on his shoulders and collarbones, and clung to his eyelashes, dark and spiked into clumps. John's eyes were a very angry shade of blue. A furious shade.
“Yes. But Hannah is strong and smart and capable. Whatever she reads, whatever she discovers, if she even reads the letters at all, she'll be able to handle it.”
Sherlock was grateful that Mummy lacked his skill at deduction, as John’s change in posture told Sherlock a fairly complete story about his father. The man had squandered what was left of the Watson fortune and turned to drink, a vice that eventually killed him.
“I mean, he broke his contract with his employer and built those five ‘bootleg’ houses, was fired for that, abandoned his wife and six children for a client’s wife, built a house for her, lost her and six other people to a crazy pyromaniac axe-murderer, then his third marriage ended because his wife was addicted to opium, then he and his fourth wife were accused of interstate trafficking of a minor—”
“I don’t know. It might just take some time to get used to the fact that I’m enjoying this. I’m still in control of my brain, so that’s a very good thing, indeed.”
John’s hips bucked as Sherlock rolled the extra skin down, revealing the deeply flared ridge around John’s cockhead, exposing the smooth skin of his frenulum. Sherlock slid the skin up and down, uncovering more and more of John with each pass.
Five bazillion, gazillion, trillion, bubillion thanks to KarlyAnne, my OBEE*, for her enthusiasm, thoughtfulness, and expert beta work on not only this chapter, but the first nine chapters, post-publishing. None of the content changes, but she did catch my typos and grammatical errors. Her help with
Warmth, background noise, cotton, and lavender. He had a hard time concentrating on the case, awash in a fog of drowsiness.
“Apis mellifera carnica, John! Carniolan honey bees, perfect for this region, as they forage in the early morning, not minding the cold and damp, and overwinter quite well. They’re gentle, too, although they have a reputation for swarming if not managed properly. We’ll have to be careful about that. Oh, look. These are very mature colonies, very well cared for.”
John’s hands were gripping the edges of the bath towels now, and he’d pulled his legs up, sliding them through the cage of Sherlock’s arms until they were free, until he could spread them wide.
He followed John into the shower and closed the door, backing into the multiple sprays. For a moment he stood still with his eyes closed and let the water beat over him. It rinsed him clean, disappeared down the drain with his sweat and grime and come. What remained, he thought, as John's arms encircled him, was everything permanent to who they were, and nothing that they were existed without the other. That truth had been forged long ago, in that small patch of their world, before the universe realigned and changed everything.
"Not their business." John reaches for his tea, no longer steaming, and takes a long draw. Thunks it back down. Shakes the paper.
“Anahera, this is Molling. Molling is one of Cetus’ apprentices, like John and Stamfjord. Molling said that Tui is asleep, but we can go to her now.”
The cab crawled up the Magnificent Mile, giving them plenty of time to gawk at the shops as they drove by: Hugo Boss, Max Mara, Henri Bendel, Cartier, Tiffany & Co.
"Sir, with all due respect, nothing happens. What percentage of the colony would actually stop reproducing? We already have pengs among us who have chosen not to reproduce, and the colony seems to be just fine.
He crawled back out, suede Pumas in hand, intending to feign shock at her interference, but Maiko was already gone.
“Twenty-four, twenty-five, suburban Chicagoans staying in Boys Town for the night, recently had a fight over something sexual. The shorter one is really pissed off.”
It was coalescing now, all of it, the thrum of climax building in his tight, trembling flesh, the thoughts that were crashing in, all of the bliss and the brilliance of it combined.
Note: Berkeley is ranked #20 overall in national universities, but #1 for public universities. There are also rankings for regional universities, but let's not go there right now.
Sherlock scrubbed the towel through his hair and checked his phone as John pulled the bedclothes back, then smirked as he put the phone back down on the nightstand.
John’s shoulders slump in relief and he shakes his head from side to side, sending unshed tears flying. “
Word spreads among their returning family and friends and soon Anahera and Tui have joined them, and Mycroft along with Harriet and Clara, and John’s parents, and Sherlock doesn’t even know who else. He is grateful for the support, but he is riveted to the event taking place before him.
“Yes. I had Molly produce pictures via magnetic resonance imaging. She thought it was a bit macabre.” Sherlock glances at John, and fiddles with his water glass.
. When the convulsions stopped, the shuddering took over, and then the shivering, and then they started giggling, hugging each other, brushing hair out of eyes and kissing each other's faces.
“It’s definitely an emperor egg?” John asks, running the side of his bill over the creamy white surface.
Mr. Watson knelt in front of the fireplace and rebuilt the fire that'd dwindled during dinner, and Harry slipped away to make a phone call. Mrs. Watson brought in coffee, cups, dessert plates, and utensils on a serving tray, and Mrs. Hudson followed with two homemade pies: pumpkin, and apple.
He fills in the parts he avoided before, laying down the foundation for manhood, for flesh and hair and shadow on thigh. His own flesh stirs, so very interested in the proceedings, and Sherlock has to pause and shift and resettle himself.
John gripped the base of Sherlock’s cock and alternated full-mouth sucking with tongue-tip stroking, and the thoughts came.
John laughs and leans into Sherlock’s side. “You remember all that? That my bill was open, and the expression on my face?”
sounds before he went completely still and silent, and when Sherlock saw John’s mouth freeze in that tortured O shape and felt his come coat his hand, Sherlock pressed his face into John’s shoulder, drove in one last time, and let his own orgasm rip through him.
John looked at him with a bemused look, but then smiled again and rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock’s arm. “All right, then. I’m glad you like it so much. It is our home, after all. We can spend as much time here as we want.”
Sherlock waited until they had each ordered before unzipping and tugging off his coat. He tossed it on the coffee table in front of them and scooted closer to John, lifting his leg so he could rest his knee on John’s thigh.
Loving and kind, Kororā ensured her progeny by selecting an unbound adult as a mate every winter. In her offspring, Kororā instilled mauri, the life essence. She would descend from the skies and live among them, invisible, so that she could observe. Kororā was unbiased and fair in her selection of mate, choosing with her heart an individual who was that rare combination of loving, generous, honest, and kind. She did not concern herself with outward appearances, bloodlines, or status. There were no contests, no battles, no eliminations. When her heart found its match she would call to it in song, and her chosen, the only one to hear it, would respond in kind.
They explain, still indignant, how Moringa surprised them, and of her ridiculous accusation against them. They admit that they followed Hudi to her encounter with Moringa, and the confusing half-bits they overheard, and how Hudi agreed to accompany them back to the cave, and what they found when they got there.
“I’m serious. I don’t know if it’s humanly possible to comprehend how much I love you, or all the ways I love you.”
The junior pengs are enjoying a bit of recreation at the swimming hole after dinner. Lestra has invented a game, and all of them, including Sherlock, are taking turns.
“There, now that should keep you going for a wee while. Just let Alice here know if you need anything else, and don’t leave without saying goodbye.”
terribly. He tells them story after story about John, about how he loves to skip ice chips, and the secret language he’d suggested, and how protective John is, how easily he makes friends, and what a good healer he has already proven himself to be.
Sherlock reached over and grabbed the crust off John’s plate, and began chewing as sullenly as he could. John winked at him.
“What about you, then? Any travel plans? You should come visit Mrs. Hudson, I’m sure she’d love to see you, and meet Greg.” Sherlock could imagine Mrs. Hudson’s reaction already, and the flurry of food preparation, cleaning, and foostering that would take place.
And why were people from every corner of the globe pretending that he and John were doing these excessively carnal things to each other? It was bad enough that everyone thought they were a couple. Surely not all couples were fixated on providing mutual oral sex on tire swings in the forest as were the actors he saw in gifs on Tumblr?
"Kororā took Pono’s body and their precious egg and she flew up into the sky, as high as she could. For more winters than we can count they stayed there, and for just as many winters penguins everywhere have stared up at the stars and waited for Aumārire to come back. Does anyone know what happened next? Shall I tell you?"
Sherlock and John continue to split their time between Junior Council responsibilities, visiting friends, and spending generous amounts of time pengsitting. Each winter finds them more and more besotted with their small charges. They agree that the tiny creatures must have been designed by the gods to be as adorable as possible, as it is hard to take your eyes off something so cute, and when you cannot take your eyes off something, it tends to stay safe.
“Hey Ma.” He cleared his throat and listened. “No, I didn’t forget. Are you ready now? Okay, I’ll be there in ten minutes, okay? Okay. Bye.”
“People are idiots as a general rule, John. It took me three tries. I’m downloading the video footage as well.”
“Jesus Christ,” John muttered. “But how did she know who his friends were? How did she know to look for me?”
“Spending the night before the wedding together. You know, it smacks of a throwback to virginal brides and all that nonsense. Just ignore it.”
John stared at him, nodded slowly, licked his lips. They watched each other undo buttons and slip out of shirtsleeves, tug undershirts off, step out of boots and jeans and socks. Standing in a pile of discarded clothing in nothing but a pair of red briefs, John waited for Sherlock to tell him what to do next.
John's bill is hanging open. Sherlock reaches over and pushes it shut, but John opens it again to speak. "That's incredible. So how did the rest of us survive?"
Sherlock suppresses an urge to belly flop on top of the cranky old bird, and steps into the space Stamjford has vacated, next to Lestra. Lestra nods at him, and goes back to watching Cetus wrap the seaweed around Moringa’s foot.
“Mmm. You like this, don't you? What else do you like? This?” John pressed the tip of his finger inside.
Sherlock and John say goodbye to their families before saying goodbye to each other. Tensions, and affections, run high.
They started again, slowly. Slow kisses, slow stroking, slow explorations. Soft sighs and gasps and smiles.
John rubbed the back of Sherlock’s hand and opened his eyes. “I know I have no right to ask this of you, Sherlock, but I have to. Can you help me?”
Sherlock lowered his hands to John's ass and squeezed the rounded flesh tighter around his cock, staring, slack jawed, as he pumped himself over the edge. Stumbling, he slipped down to the bottom of the porcelain tub, and rested his head on the back of John's thigh. John hadn't yet moved from where he'd propped himself up, heaving, against the wall.
“Sherlock Holmes Watson, I do believe you’re falling in love with me,” John said into Sherlock’s curls. He could hear the grin in John’s voice, the tone of someone thrilled with a recent turn of events.
Sherlock stepped a little closer and ran his hands down John’s back. He closed his eyes and focused on John’s touch, warm and teasing. Goosebumps ran up his arms, and something in his chest fluttered and caught. His entire body tensed and released.
He had to accept that the evening they'd planned didn’t happen, but as he sat there and looked at John, John who was tired and worried and also disappointed, he knew that he also had to accept that they would, eventually, have their night. They’d have lots of nights and mornings and afternoons. John was sitting right there within arms reach and Sherlock knew deep down that their surprise visitor didn’t change a thing about the fact that John was his husband, loved him, and wanted to be with him. They’d get there.
“Um, nooo.” John tossed his phone down between them and shifted in his seat to look at Sherlock. “What party?”
So caught up are they in their growing ardour that they don't hear the arrival of an unexpected visitor, not until she speaks.
After one day of their new behavioural plan, Sherlock comes to the conclusion that the entire thing is stupid. John consoles him with a quick hug and bill rub, then moves away to something else they have discussed and agreed upon:
“Right. So, instead of talking to me, or, I don’t know, continuing to be my best friend, he just sort of deleted me.”
Sherlock turned another page, and another, and then they were in high school, and there it was, the subtle shift, evident in the images before he himself had become aware of it. There was the proof of them changing, growing taller, broader, gaining strength, leaving childhood behind. Still, they were together, constantly. Sophomore year, both of them cramming for finals at John’s house, books strewn over the coffee table and couch, a pencil tucked behind Sherlock’s ear, John working a graphic calculator. In this one, John is wearing gym shorts, and they’ve ridden up high over his thighs, which are stocky and tanned, and Sherlock is wearing a button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, the fabric stretched tight over his shoulders and chest. He hadn’t had any idea.
Enter Delphinus, who saves the sinking lion and his young charge, in exchange for one night with the mighty god. Leo agrees, but must transform himself into the shape of a compatible creature. The night is spent in passion, and Delphinus finds herself with child. Enchanted, Leo stays, and the first sea lions are born.
“I don’t know how you have a tooth left in your head, Sherlock, what with all the sweets you eat. How about some coffee, too?”
"It’s not intended to be a punishment, Erebel. It is intended to teach her that peng communities have far greater needs than dictating who can love who."
“Oh my God, I’m so hard. I shouldn’t have worn these, I should’ve come to bed naked. I wasn’t sure if I was ready, but I can’t wait anymore, John.”
"On a ... on a new feeding spot. Excellent shrimp. Relatively unknown location. But safe! Yes. Yes, shrimp. I think you'll like it."
Sherlock deleted ‘remove 2013 mould experiment’ from the list as a concession to John and continued to read. John fell into fits of giggles when Sherlock read in his typical, deadpan tone, “Continue sexual experimentation, not limited to the bedroom, as frequently as possible. Kitchen table is ideal height for activities involving bending at the hips. My hips.”
When John finally broaches the subject with Sherlock he uses Mrs Hudson’s words. “It might be good for Rosie, you know? To have more than just me around? You’re really good with her and she, um, she really loves you.”
Sweat rolled down Sherlock's chest. He closed his eyes, ran his other hand through his hair to push it out of his face, and felt John's mouth on his throat.
Maryle coos and sighs and presses back a bit more. John runs the side of his face and bill down her shoulder. The gesture could mean anything. It could be an itch, a way to generate warmth, a kiss. It could be a kiss.
Sherlock nodded at her and slipped lower in his seat as John kicked out the third chair from the table, an invitation for her to join them. John, John, John, he thought. Always doing the right thing.
John demolished his cheeseburger in three bites and unwrapped the next while he watched Sherlock line up the french fries. He finished the second cheeseburger and unwrapped the third one.
Sherlock turns and bends at the waist, grabbing his spread ankles and arching his back. He can't see John now, but he can hear him, and he sounds very, very happy.
Lestra strikes Sherlock as a more concentrated version of his younger self. He gives Sherlock a solid thump on the shoulder and welcomes him home, then jerks his head in the direction of Anahera, and says, “What’s with the white one?”
Below him, John was inhaling through his nose and exhaling out his mouth, loudly, trying to control his breathing.
“And how I went to all those Friday afternoon pep rallies in the auditorium, even though I hated those pep rallies?”
Sherlock and John grabbed the seats as soon as the woman’s date threw down some bills and chased after her, leaving a bunch of other hopeful diners staring daggers at them. Well, Sherlock thought, all was fair in love and dining warfare.
He used his thumb and two fingers to nudge John’s foreskin down, and the sensation of that slow tugging slide sent a pulse through him, an exponentially large reaction considering that only his fingertips were involved. He forced himself to swallow, to breathe.
Supplies gathered, they make their way back to where Anahera stands vigil at Tui’s side. John changes the dressing on Tui’s foot, and Sherlock peers over his shoulder, wincing at the sight of her missing toes and broken leg. Still, he must admit that the injuries are much improved. The swelling seems reduced, and the wounds are not as angry and raw looking. The poultices Cetus concocts are working.
I got as far as the title, subtitle, author, publisher, and table of contents in the comments. I expound on that here.
“Yes, but so did he. He knew I would not go back to Pobeda without him. He stayed with the new colony until he knew their habits and ways, and when he could, he took his leave.”
You can't even imagine how many kitchens come up when you google "mint green cabinets black and white floor."
Sherlock loves this part of the day, and works hard to store away all of the information in his ice palace so that it is easy to cross-reference, analyse, and retrieve. His very favourite lessons are about the constellations. He is fascinated by the dichotomy between those vastly distant pinpoints of light, and the cultural foundations with which they are so reverently imbued.
Sherlock drops and drags his feet on the ice, and would normally put his wings down to increase the drag, but cannot do so now, because he is holding the tooth tight up against his body with one wing. He aims himself toward John, just in case he can’t stop in time. Just in case, it would be much better to take out John, who would be startled but forgive him, than Irena, or Janine, or gods forbid, Anthea.
The houses lining either side of the tree-lined street were enormous, and when not completely ostentatious, stunning. Those on the east side sat on large parcels of land overlooking the lake, and some had guesthouses larger than John and Sherlock’s family homes. Most looked to be maintained by a small army of gardeners, maintenance workers, and carpenters. Those on the left side were on smaller lots, but still impressive in size and design.
Snorting must be John’s last line, because as soon as the indelicate noise escapes Sherlock, John stomps his foot down and shouts, “Sherlock, enough!”
Then, like the most beautifully orchestrated underwater pirouette, Erebus slips between John and Maryle, wraps one wing securely around Maryle’s shoulders, and begins nudging her toward the approaching group.
John looked away from Sherlock and shook his head. “No. No, not at all. What was horrible was that I had told my mom several times not to try to set me up, but I hadn’t told her why, and she wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer. I knew from the onset that it would be a waste of your time, but couldn’t just come out and tell you. I’m the one who should be sorry.”
"John, Sherlock, you have given me a gift the likes of which I could never have imagined. My words are simple but heartfelt. Thank you."
Sherlock turned wide eyes back to John, who said nothing as he pulled out his wallet and paid the driver.
Also, he decides, John must wake up, right now. The sooner John wakes up, the sooner it can happen. John is not waking up. John is standing with his head tucked under his wing, his shoulders rising and falling with the slow breathing of a peng fast asleep. Sherlock looks at his Johnling, at his shiny black coat, his long, elegant wings, his bright yellow ear patches and shiny white chest.
Sherlock did as he was told. He folded his jeans and his shirt and put them on the desk, then slipped off his underwear and his socks and tucked them into the bag with the rest of the dirty clothes.
“I’m going to work the other side, too. You could be overcompensating with the uninjured side when the damaged side hurts.”
“Harry, don't tell your parents about you and Clara right away. Maybe wait until things have settled down a bit.”
They sat, Sherlock looking at John, John looking around the room and clearing his throat, until the tea came, and then John poured and stirred and sipped and took a deep breath, relaxed his shoulders, and said, “I just really wanted to see you today, because tradition says I’m not supposed to see you the day of the wedding and I figured now might be my best chance.”
Sherlock and John had narrowed down the search from a couple dozen restaurants on that two-mile strip to a few solid choices, based on ratings for food, ambience, and price. They were completely settled on a serviceable brewpub when they’d seen the tiny gold logo for Maude’s Lincoln Bar painted on the front of a black and brick repurposed auto garage, and decided that their rating system could go fuck itself. Maude’s it was.
More people joined the queue behind him and he slowly shuffled forward, using his overloaded backpack as a shield to keep the person behind him from getting too close. He tugged down the cuffs of his lilac broadcloth shirt and smoothed the fabric into the waist of his slim-cut, dark denim jeans, then rested his hands on his hips and jutted his elbows out as a further defence mechanism against the bumbling people around him.
Sherlock lowered himself over John the way John had done earlier and pressed his hips down as John pushed his up. He licked John’s earlobe and whispered, “What do you want?”
“And?” Sherlock pushed his empty coffee cup away and tapped the corner of the card on the Formica table top.
Thought-challenging is a cornerstone of DBT, intended to balance the emotional and rational parts of our mind, and I used it this morning while getting this chapter ready to post. I want to share it with you because I think we can all benefit from it whether we're depressed or not.
Atwood was an open two-story space framed by broad white and gray columns, wide-plank dark wood floors, white tables, black seating, and a light wood bar with high red stools. It was spacious and airy and surprisingly subdued considering the openness of the layout and the tables arranged within inches of each other, most of them packed with brunch-time diners.
Sherlock bumped John out of the way so he could meet their server at the cash register. “Don’t worry. You’ll live. You’ll probably eat at least half of mine, too. But not until after dinner.”
Sherlock wrapped both arms and the book around John and hugged him tight. “You want to go to New York?” he said into John’s hair.
It all felt fucking fantastic, like his entire body was going to have a collective orgasm, like his cock couldn't possibly handle what was about to happen on its own, and so was spreading it around, through every limb and nerve, every vein and synapse.
“Of course there's more, it's your birthday. I'm going to check out the medical texts, but I'll meet you in the reading room, okay? I wrote the room number on the back of the card.”
Lovely John, so desperate for it, trying so hard to be considerate, to warn Sherlock off, to respect the sensibilities he’d had when they’d first become physically intimate. Sherlock was past all that now. Sherlock had very few hesitations when it came to the more masculine aspects of John’s body, and he had none whatsoever when John’s body was begging for him the way it was right now.
When John came back from the bathroom, Sherlock asked him if he'd thought about this a lot, and John went a fantastic shade of pink, and ducked his head down, and said, “Yeah. Always.”
John throws his head back and laughs, and Sherlock's world turns a brilliant shade of yellow and gold, everything halcyon and just.
“Well, no. But that’s not my point. My point is that she’s going to have control of a few short hours—”
Sherlock let go of his thighs and wrapped his arms around John’s back, and let his legs fall open. The movement caused his lower back to round off the bed, which changed the way John was sliding in and out of him, and he froze in that position.
James looked over to where Annette was loading their plates and mugs into the dishwasher, then back to Sherlock and John. John stepped back and gestured toward the hallway with his arm. “Why don’t we go sit in the library. We’ll be more comfortable there.”
Sherlock studied John’s face and body language, the pace of his breathing, the tension of his hand on Sherlock’s chest. In his excitement about the case he had lost sight of John’s arousal. He slid his hand under the sheet and took John’s somewhat deflated erection in hand. “We should talk about that later. Let’s focus on you right now.” He stroked up, his fingertips catching on the crown of John’s cock.
John does the same, staring at Sherlock, studying him, and Sherlock wishes John didn’t look so desperate, like he may never see Sherlock again, but he knows he wears the exact same expression, so he bends his thoughts toward the difference between
“Would you like some more of that expensive stuff from Scotland?” Sherlock asked, trying hard to be the consummate host.
They cannot be heard from where Sherlock stands. He listens to the sweep of the wind over his ears and feels the way it rushes over him, clinging to his curves and plains. If he lifts his wings, the wind will caress his sides, will whisper to the underside of those wings held high.
“It occurs to me that I may have misunderstood something crucial regarding the nature of our relationship.”
Mycroft keeps an unhurried pace until he sees his younger brother break away from the huddle, then he drops down to his belly and pushes forward, and soon enough Sherlock hears the
Sherlock shuffles back to the huddle and presses himself up against John's side. John hums in his sleep and leans into Sherlock. He lets out a dream-rich sigh and mumbles something about Cephalopoda before tucking his head under his other wing and settling down again.
Sherlock made sure to be in the locker room before the team came in, all of them wiping themselves down with towels and chugging water and gatorade from plastic bottles. He scribbled numbers in rows across the white board and waited for his audience.
“I think maybe we were dying, and we were looking at our lives’ work, right there before us, all of these beautiful emperor descendents. And you said that you didn’t mind going, because we would get to see old friends again, and we would finally meet Selvic.”
, which shows a little robot peng infiltrating a chick huddle, after which all viewers immediately melt into puddles.
“Just because this is the first time I’ve touched you doesn’t mean it’s the first time I’ve … you know, touched, or been touched.”
“Not your fault. So, the way we left it was that dad will keep telling her that she needs to let it go, but there’s nothing he can really do to change her mind. I just needed to know that he wasn’t buying into that sexual abuse bullshit, or thinking that this is some sort of experiment, or phase that will pass.”
“Yes, John. Tui, we will find her, and bring her back to discuss matters. Time is of the essence. Thank you. Thank you so much, for everything.”
He didn’t think anything would go horribly wrong, but there was always something, wasn’t there? he thought as they left the police station.
In the beginning, Sherlock followed Mycroft’s lead, forcing himself to keep up despite the heaviness of his heart and the yawning absence next to him. Within a few days, he acknowledges that he is doing himself no favours, shakes off his malaise, and dedicates himself to completing his task.
“Yeah, we’re gonna watch some movies, too, probably a bunch of Bond back to back, like a marathon. Probably not a million times, but close.”
“Perfect, yeah.” John yawned, and moved his hand to Sherlock's hip. “The perfection might be ruined if we don't clean up the mess.”
Under Sherlock’s watchful eye, strangers' family closets were opened, affairs were aired, kleptomaniacs singled out, kinks uncovered, all for the benefit of John and his whispered 'incredible, unbelievable, fantastic.'
Sherlock smiled at his phone and shifted his backpack higher on his shoulder. He was almost home now, and would be able to talk to John privately, uncensored. They hadn’t talked since the night before, which wasn’t so unusual, but he’d had a really good day, and wanted to tell John about it.
It isn’t until he hears Molling say something about dissecting a dead albatross, that he fully turns his attention to her.
James nodded and let his arms fall to his sides but he maintained his ramrod posture and held his head high. “My instinct was to find a secure place to regroup and consider what action to take. I won’t inconvenience you, though. I’ll be on my way as soon as I’ve thanked John for his hospitality.”
He folded the letter back up and slid it into the envelope covered with Mrs. Hudson’s loopy cursive. He planned to reread it later, and see what he could find between the lines.
in his ear. The smile spread itself over his face before he even opened his eyes, and he turned his head on his pillow and kissed the next
“I love this song,” he said against Sherlock’s cheek, then leaned back in the circle of Sherlock’s arms and started singing along. Sherlock was captivated. John managed to make it sincere and self-deprecating at the same time.
John giggled and rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles on the bench between them. “It really is sort of a coming out party, if you think about it. But no, of course not. This is different than decorating, though. Moms dream of this stuff from the time they first have kids, or so I’ve been led to believe. And it’s only one day, albeit a really big one.”
Sherlock knows the heartstone does not belong to him, yet watching Hudi and Molling wrap it in its seaweed pouch and secure it around Lestra’s body makes him feel homesick for it, and for the Shelf, and for adventure. Even so, if asked, he would not switch places with his friend. He does not begrudge Lestra this moment to shine as he heads off to present this newly discovered treasure to the High Council. He would not change a thing, but he is
“Imogen, let me tell you something about your Granddad. He likes to act big and tough and pretend he makes all the rules, but he's really just a big softy. He pretty much lets me do anything I please.”
“Are we going to have a hard time getting in here with no IDs? Because it occurs to me that some people think I look like a twelve-year-old.”
John shook his floor plan open and studied it. “This stuff, here,” he said, jabbing with his finger.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s not impossible. What I don’t know is if the suspect then got back in the boot or left some other way. I’ve looked at Google maps and it appears that after the first quarter-mile from your house there are two different routes one could take to get to the village centre. If the person was on foot you wouldn’t necessarily have passed them on your way home.”
John punched at the buttons until the machine spit out their tickets, pushed through the turnstile, then they climbed the stairs to the westbound platform and waited for the train.
“Anderson, not going for a new record for most times sacked in a single quarter would be nice, too. Meanwhile, Stamford has a twenty-seven percent interception rate, Dimmock gave up three-point-two more fumbles than Brett Favre, and Moran appears to be playing for the other team.”
Sherlock would even accept some random natural disaster as intervention. An earthquake, a tsunami, an alien invasion; even a gas mains leak would have been acceptable.
And here we have a perfect example of brain synapses firing and nerve endings communicating throughout the BODY I will have to study this again, at a different OHHH my nipple is connected to my penis I’m not sure I knew that before
“Our minds are mysterious, aren’t they? I have travelled far since I’ve held the tooth. I have gone home, to John, and I have been to the ocean’s floor, and met Pōrangi, and to the sky’s ceiling, and met the gods, and in doing so, I have sought my own answers.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I didn’t realize the photos would be so upsetting. I wasn’t thinking. I’m so sorry.”
Over the course of the next half hour Sherlock and Greg sat, glued to screen, and watched the dynamics unfold. It was better than any spectator sport Sherlock had ever seen. They looked like any other couple on a first date. He didn’t need sound after all, not when so much was available through their body language. John was playing an excellent job of cat and mouse. Laffitte would talk, and John would bat his eyelashes, or look at the other man with puppy eyes, or bite his lower lip.
Sherlock tried to spread his legs again, and this time John let him. John shifted and came up on his knees a bit, giving himself enough room to align his erection along Sherlock's ass and drag it back and forth. It left a trail of precome.
He needed to stop pinching himself. It was real. John had wanted Sherlock as badly as Sherlock had wanted John. To have discovered their feelings for each other as they tripped over that boundary between boyhood and manhood, and to find those feelings reciprocated, must happen every day, to people all over the world. None of those people were Sherlock, though. Sherlock was someone that people left. They went off to New Year’s Eve parties, and they never came home. They went off to big jobs in big cities, and they never came home. They went off to college, and they never came home.
As soon as Erebus has left them in their huddle, Sherlock whispers to John that he will be right back, and he slips off. Twenty steps away he hears something behind him, and leaps into a spinning twist, ready to catch his attacker.
They leered at each other over the table for a minute, and would have done so indefinitely, if not for someone calling John’s name. They both turned toward the voice, John smiling, Sherlock sighing, and saw Sarah Sawyer coming toward them with a tray of Chipotle in one hand, and a large, red and white Macy’s bag in the other.
Sherlock sighs. To make such a decision, and then end up in the same place, without an egg? No. Sherlock couldn't bear it.
, but Molling says that for her, it's different now because Lestra loves her enough to say he will not change his mind. Sherlock doesn't even know what that means, because there's never been a shred of doubt in his mind that he and John will never change their minds about each other.
John lifts his hips to press against Sherlock’s cock, but Sherlock moves back and mumbles something into John’s mouth, something that might be
. Let’s go in there.” Stepping out of the cold and into the overheated store, Sherlock stopped in his tracks and let out a low, “Ohhh,” that, until that moment, John had only ever heard from him in bed.
Sherlock can read Mycroft like the inside of a shell. He is not ready to go. He has only just returned.
"At the sake of asking you to repeat yourself ... no, never mind. Swimming. Do you have trunks in one of those poncy pockets of yours?"
“And I,” he said, holding up one finger, “should stay away from damaged army surgeons who can’t help people anymore.”
“You can’t hold me to that. It’s fictitious. But John, seriously, I’m afraid you and I are going to be on hold until this thing with James is taken care of.”
“Yeah, I think so.” Sherlock stepped closer to John. “Thank you. I can’t imagine how that would’ve gone if you hadn’t been here.”
“I'm not saying that you loved me more than I loved you until we had sex, that's not what I'm saying.”
John knew that Lestrade planned to retire at the end of the year, but hadn't realized there'd be such a big do, or that the Met would host it. Probably should have figured, he thought, seeing as how the Detective Inspector had served on the force for thirty years or so.
“No. Here,” Sherlock said again, this time reaching out to brush the crumb off himself. His finger reached John’s lip just as John’s tongue darted out again, and he froze there, John’s tongue making tiny circles against the pad of his finger. It felt like an eternity before John pulled back, leaving Sherlock’s finger hanging in the space between them.
Thank you, KA. You may want to read the above sentence through your fingers, because I suspect it's a grammatical mess. ;)
“You deserve only the best, John, especially for your birthday. I asked the sales boy, and he helped me.”
Sherlock went a bit mute then, but nodded and stepped closer into the circle of John's arms. Standing stone still while staring at each other's lips was part of no choreographed dance routine that Sherlock had ever seen, but John seemed to know this particular move quite well, so Sherlock let himself be led. He studied John's long lashes and their slow sweeping arcs, and the tip of his tongue as it darted out to wet his lower lip, and the way his Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's mouth as he moved closer, and Sherlock kept his fixed on John's as he leaned down and tilted his head.
Sherlock looks over the top of John's head at his brother and tries to see him objectively. "I don't know. Would you want him?"
Everything, every single bit of Sherlock’s body, tensed and quivered. As John repositioned himself, Sherlock stopped breathing, pressed his palms flat to the mattress on either side of his thighs, and stared at the bursts of light on the inside of his closed eyelids.
John counted to twenty, and as quietly as he could, he slit open the envelope. Several pieces of fine stationery spilled out, informing him that they’d been invited to Detective Inspector Lestrade's retirement party.
“Vela and Pavo, alert the elders of what is to take place, and prepare to resume your roles as chaperones of the orphans as they return.”
Sherlock stepped into John’s space, backed him up against the tiny sink, and stared down at him. There were times when his height was an advantage, and times when it didn’t matter at all, but right now, towering six inches over John, he poured himself into that advantage.
They saw the smoke from the Watson’s chimney before they could see the house, and Sherlock made a mental note to make sure there was enough firewood stacked by his own fireplace. Maybe they could watch a movie later, with the fire roaring, and a shared bowl of popcorn and a blanket on the couch.
Sherlock tilted his head and brought his mouth down on John's, and John ran his hands down Sherlock's back to his ass, and squeezed. The exploration of tongues and lips was unhurried, the two of them welcoming themselves back to each other.
“Windy?” James looked up at the ceiling and shook his head. “Not that I recall, but I’m not sure I would remember, to be honest. Why do you ask?”
“Does this mean, Sir, that I will not find myself wanting to mate before my body is ready, or that I will want to mate before my body is ready, but the action will not be effective, and therefore, cannot be inappropriate? And if the latter, why would some consider it improper, and if it is improper, surely there is a way to stop it?”
They’d been in Sherlock’s bed since ten o’clock, no longer able to keep their hands off each other. They’d started the movie, but as soon as Mrs. Hudson said goodnight, as soon as they heard her bedroom door click shut, they’d left Matt Damon to his adventures, and reached for each other, pent up longing boiling over into heavy petting and kissing.
There are probably books written about America's university system, and like most things in this country, it represents the very best and the very worst of that which it hopes to achieve. You can get the absolute best university education here, or a middling one, or a not very good one at all.
Imi laughs, her face scrunching up in delight as she hides her hands behind her back, slowly tiptoeing away from Sherlock in mock nervousness.
They dressed, Sherlock fiddling with John’s navy blue tie, John helping Sherlock with his dad’s cufflinks; Sherlock straightening the lapels of John’s suit jacket, John flicking lint off Sherlock’s shirt collar, and when they were ready, hair combed, teeth brushed, stubble shaved and shoes shined, they stood side-by-side in front of the mirror, and grinned at each other.
, can feel his thumb pressing deeper inside. Then John stops, and slaps Sherlock’s arse cheek, hard. Sherlock tenses, and tenses, and tenses, suspended just over the edge, and then he comes, and comes, and comes. Above him John hisses, “
On the bed, lying on his stomach with his head resting on crossed arms, he watched John undress. He was perfunctory about it, a man on a mission. His John, intent on taking care of him. His John. John left his underwear on, grabbed the Lucky Tiger tin, and crawled onto the bed. He straddled Sherlock’s hips, laid the lid next to one knee, and told Sherlock to close his eyes.
Sherlock laughed, and undid the buttons of his jeans. He pushed them down around his knees, then pulled them all the way off.
One wakes before the other, vision drifting upward in the weak morning light, awareness settling through his body.
Sherlock has previously spotted a promising looking place called Bow Truss Coffee Roasters a couple blocks from their hotel, so they wandered back down Halsted, continued onto Clark, and then cut over to Broadway. They pushed inside, out of the cold, and were enveloped in the warm, caramel scent of roasting coffee beans. It was a sparse, industrial looking place with an unfinished ceiling, exposed bricks, beams and pipes, and repurposed wood tables and benches. The few customers there looked like they’d been there for a while, and were reading, chatting on their phones, or playing Ms Pacman on an arcade monitor that was doubling as a table top.
John's hands are feather light as they travel up Sherlock's thighs, hips, and waist. He teases Sherlock's nipples, circling and flicking them, plucking at them with the tips of his fingers. Sherlock's body is like a finely tuned instrument, resonating with each touch. When John's fingers dip under the corset to splay across his chest, Sherlock pushes into the touch, rubbing himself against John's hands like a cat.
The woman grinned at him, her eyebrows creeping higher on her forehead with every ridiculous word he spewed. “Which restaurant?”
“No, of course not. I don’t think that, Sherlock. I’m frustrated, too, but I understand and respect why the line is drawn where it is. Don’t worry, we’ll get there.”
“As you’re well aware, I’ve been dating Sherlock for several months now.” Here John stopped and grinned at Sherlock again. Good God, man. “I’ve had the great pleasure of getting to know more about him, and I find him to be uncommonly intelligent and good company, as well as insightful and engaging. He has a very dry sense of humour, which is exactly what I like, and, well, the bottom line is that he’s everything I could ask for in a partner.”
John braced his feet against the door and pushed harder into Sherlock’s fist. He stared down at Sherlock, eyes locked, brow drawn. Sherlock knew this expression, knew he wore that same look of shocked and stunned disbelief that anything so powerful could come for him, could take him, could sweep him up and level him.
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He had just recalled last night’s drink-induced habit of pronouncing the doctor’s name with an exaggerated French accent. “Nothing. Sorry. Sorry. Go ahead.”
“Yes. I couldn’t help it. You know how I’ve said that I can’t always control what comes to mind, or out of my mouth, when I’m stimulated?”
Sherlock pushed away from the truck and paced back and forth in front of John. “Well, it's not like we've talked about it. And your mom is probably right about you being chased all over campus,” he said, waving his hands in the air as if to indicate some flurry of flirtation and pursuit.
Sherlock sleeps well that night, with Anahera and Tui tucked by his side. He does not dream. He does not travel. The question Mycroft posed stays at the forefront of his mind in its restful state, and when he wakes, he knows what he will do.
In the new bedroom, Sherlock put the bag on the bed, then turned back to John. He slipped off his scarf and unzipped his coat, then hung both up in the closet. John stood and stared at something only he could see. Sherlock nudged him back until he was sitting on the edge of the bed, and knelt at his feet. He pulled off his snow boots, and put those in the closet, too.
This chapter is sponsored by an ongoing nervous breakdown, the only relief from which I found was writing this and the next chapter of
Sherlock gave them each a cursory wash with a face cloth and bar of soap, then climbed out of the tub after John. They stepped gingerly onto the sopping bath mat and looking around for dry towels.
“We’ll be discreet. Look over my shoulder. Are they still talking?” Sherlock didn't let go of John, but scooted them toward the living room and turned so John could see into the room.
“Not at all, Mycroft. Your brother’s advocacy of your skills and expertise would carry much less weight had he not spent the better part of this day impressing us with his mature countenance and sound analysis. If family cannot champion their own, who will?”
“Mmm.” Sherlock nudged his hips against John’s. “I’m not very decent right now. You tend to have that effect on me.”
“Me? Obviously.” Sherlock grinned back and began to laugh. “Couldn’t you tell? The inability to form a sentence, the full body paralysis, the uncontrollable shaking? The copious amounts of semen?” He trailed a finger through the mess splattered across their bellies and chests.
“Our foot soldier is getting off duty and his life is very much in danger. You go help him, and I’ll nab our would-be murderer.”
Sherlock approaches the crèche as quietly as he can, hoping that everyone, especially John, is still asleep. The sun has cut through the horizon now, and long shadows cast by Cassiopeia’s peaks are traversing the ice, almost as fast as Sherlock. Beyond the crèche, the senior pengs are stirring. He knows they might question why he’s up so early, or where he’s been, but he doubts any of them will chastise him; none of them but Moringa. He has to make it back before she sees him.
Sherlock was pretty sure by the motion of Kevin’s arm that he was sliding his hand up Greg’s thigh, and Greg’s blush confirmed that observation. John must’ve picked up on it, too, because he wasted no time asking the question on both their minds.
“I hope it will be. Listen, Anahera, the things I’m going to say today, some of them, I think they will be of interest to you and Tui, on a personal level. And I want you to know that just because I haven’t already shared them with you doesn’t mean that I haven’t wanted to, or that I wouldn’t have trusted you.”
John had to tip his head back to meet Sherlock’s eye, and then it was just a matter of a small tip and tilt, and Sherlock could kiss John, could say thank you with soft lips and a slow tongue.
Sherlock crossed the room and sat on the side of the bed next to John. Sitting caused the material to strain even further.
“It’s him. He’s definitely hiding something about his or his brother’s identity but I’m more concerned about his intent to kill James at this point. When is your next date?”
Once the idea took root, it was hard to deny. John began to peruse the property pages of the newspaper, familiarizing himself with the housing market in the southern counties. At first, he thought that Sherlock was too busy scraping cytological matter onto his smear slides to take notice of John’s reading habits, but after all these years, he should have known better.
Sherlock is flustered enough to want to argue this point with imaginary John, but John knows him too well. He shakes his head, blows Sherlock a kiss, and disappears.
John rose up a few inches and slammed himself back down on Sherlock’s fingers, gasping, “Christ, Christ,
“I didn’t move because I couldn’t. Because my best friend was lying flat on top of me, breathing hard, inches from my face, and it felt so amazing, so right, and I was completely caught off guard.”
It was a balancing act they were still working on, John driven both by the need to keep Sherlock safe and his own need to not lose his identity to the pull of Sherlock’s adrenaline-driven detective work. Sherlock knew they’d get there. It would take patience and compromise and clear intention, and Sherlock, through association with John, was getting better at all of those things.
Pobeda floats in the distance. Everything precious to Sherlock waits for him on the expanse of her shiny surface. Anticipation, held at bay for so long, overwhelms him. He remembers once telling his Johnling that penguins could fly, and he proves it now, racing through this underwater world as fast as he can. Skybirds spend their lives looking down, Sherlock thinks as he looks up, scanning the surface for the last possible clearing before the ice locks him out. Sherlock flies up.
There were pictures of their early elementary school days, waiting for the bus on the first day of school, backpacks almost bigger than them, and pictures of them blowing out birthday candles with those pointy hats on, and dressed as Dracula and Frankenstein for Halloween. There were photos of them sitting on tractors, holding ears of corn, raking hay, feeding chickens, running with sparklers on the Fourth of July.
“Māmā!” Anahera sings, and Sherlock is endeared to her, this ghost-angel of a peng who still calls her mother māmā. Mother and child embrace, touching each other affectionately in greeting, and then Anahera turns back to face them, and says “Māmā, allow me to introduce you to Mycroft and his younger brother, Sherlock.
As they drove through the small market towns of Perthshire, Sherlock imagined a large brick home, Georgian in style, with a circular drive and overgrown hedges. He was surprised when John pulled off the narrow lane and onto an even narrower dirt path and said, “Here we are.”
From the west edge of the huddle a lone peng breaks away, stretches, and surveys his surroundings. Sherlock recognizes Erebus' gait, and is pleased to see the elder emperor walk in Sherlock's direction. Sherlock greets him as he approaches, and Erebus nods in acknowledgment.
“I can smell it coming off of you in waves as your body heats up, as you get more and more aroused. Your armpits, between your shoulder blades. Your groin. You’re covered in it, and as the blood rushes to the surface of your skin, which it’s doing quite quickly now, you produce more and more.
As Sherlock walks through his colony, his senses register short flashes of input, little moments that will stay with him forever. He sees the tip of an orange bill, the sheen of a yellow feather, the blink of an ebony eye. He hears the last notes of John’s song, the click of a foot on ice, the coo of a peng moved to tears. He feels the rush of wind against his chest, the sweep of ice under his tail, the sting of cold in his lungs. The world comes to him in bits and pieces as he makes his way to John.
“There's nothing wrong with my foam. It's fine. It's perfectly fine foam,” Watson quips, sticking his middle finger into the substance in question and sucking it off with a loud pop.
Sherlock switches on the kettle and fusses over finding cups and saucers, a half-full packet of biscuits, the least damaged teaspoon. He balances everything in his hands, between his fingers, and carries it into the small sunroom off the kitchen, facing the back garden.
Sherlock wanted to argue, but he knew John wouldn't budge on that condition, and he knew, deep down, that John shouldn't budge on it, no matter how much he wanted them to be together. He did a mental crossing of fingers, toes, arms, and legs, and let it go. It would be what it would be, which had to be them together.
Sherlock the uni student was a sleepless wonder to behold. There was so much to learn, so much to study and absorb and try. He never tired of his textbooks and experiments, and often stayed up all night without realizing it had passed. When he did sleep it was in fits and spurts: a short doze in the library stacks, a quick cat nap in his dorm room, an occasional nod in the coffee shop. His intellect kept him buzzing long past the limits of his transport, and no matter how loudly the various parts of his body pleaded for a break, Sherlock overrode their demands, and persevered in his studies.
They chatted as they walked, discussing the possible outcomes of James’ upcoming date. How long would it take him to reach the candidate? How long until they actually met? Where would they meet? Would Sherlock be able to get close enough to observe without being obvious? How long would the candidate drag out the process before attempting to harm James? At what point should they notify the police? As the questions grew less answerable, Sherlock became more frustrated. He kicked at rocks in their path and plucked at the low-hanging oak leaves brushing their shoulders.
Sherlock's cock bobs obscenely between them, heavily veined and flushed dark at the glans, slapping against his belly over and over again. He stares down at John, eyes barely focused, watching John stare hungrily at the place where he disappears into Sherlock's body, the tip of his tongue caught between his teeth.
Sherlock does his best to be brave for his Johnling. He pushes his disappointment aside and pulls his love to him, and holds him. They will try again tomorrow.
John slumps down next to him and bumps his head against Sherlock’s. He mumbles something Sherlock cannot understand, and Sherlock wonders if the joys of mating have somehow interfered with his ability to comprehend language. It would be a small price to pay. He musters together some scrap of energy, and grunts a questioning noise in John’s direction.
They stood like that for another minute, each of them trying to capture the significance of the moment, and then Sherlock lifted John’s hands, kissed the backs of them, and said, “Come on. Come to bed.”
“Sherlock and I, um, we sort of came out of the same closet, I guess you’d say, and uh, have been together, exclusively, since then.”
Sarah was trying hard to draw John out, and John was being polite, but the woman had to see that something was wrong. Or, maybe she didn't. He looked around the room, and took in everyone's smiling faces, their relaxed banter, and he thought, well, maybe not. Maybe only Sherlock could tell something was wrong, because he knew John so well. John would never take out his frustration with his mother on this unassuming not-quite-blind-date, but he wouldn't sit easy with it, either.
She'd sent him a couple of care packages, too, filled with her baking, the local papers, and her plans for updating and redecorating the house. He’d told her to do whatever she wanted, but she kept sending him paint chips, pages torn out of decorating magazines, and drawings for rearranging the furniture. He had little opinion on any of it, but would try to weigh in, because she wanted him to be involved in what she was doing.
John put his hands on his hips and tapped his foot on the marble floor. “Doesn’t mean anything? Doesn’t affect your life?” He twisted his mouth to the side and wrinkled his nose. “Hey. How many planets are there, gorgeous?”
“Hard to say. They don’t usually last longer than a day or two. I imagine we’ll see it through the night, at least.”
KarlyAnne, I say it every chapter, but it carries no less weight for its repetition: THANK YOU. Pursuing a PhD and your regularly scheduled life and still making this a priority is above and beyond, and I am so very, very appreciative. I'll give thanks for you as I raise a glass with my family this Thursday.
, “is that you’re afraid we’re on a wild peng chase, that the High Council won’t see us, this will never be resolved, and you’ll never see John again.”
Sherlock stroked himself with his other hand and prodded into John. He closed his eyes and imagined how that silky tight clench was going to feel on his cock. He twisted his hand and aimed his finger toward John's belly button until he met the bump of John's prostate, then caressed in slow circles.
Neither he nor John had brought coats, despite temperatures dipping into the teens, because they hadn't wanted to deal with them at the bar. Sherlock wrapped one arm around John’s shoulder, and John put his arm around Sherlock’s waist. After three cocktails with dinner, Sherlock was glad for John's stability by his side.
“Where did she get those?” John mused, running his finger over a candid shot of the two of them sipping champagne and grinning at each other.
“I'm too tired for this,” Anahera yawns. “I'll give myself a proper cleaning tomorrow. If I'm still alive, that is.”
John took a quick, hard breath in, and placed his hands on the back of his head. Sherlock nosed his way down John’s spine, tasting with the tip of his tongue as he went, then sucked a kiss to the base of John’s spine.
Sherlock loved the domestic intimacy that had grown between them. It felt natural and fully of them, like one of Frank Lloyd Wright’s homes, built to fit around a specific owner and no one else. He didn't want to stay in this one room forever, but he knew he'd never forget it. He hoped that at some point in their future they'd have another shared room, several shared rooms, and dozens of as-of-yet unanticipated routines and patterns.
“Not yet.” John turned onto his back, then his side, and smiled, broad and beautiful, at Sherlock. He swept Sherlock’s wet curls off his face and kissed him lightly on the lips. “I guess I'm not a virgin anymore.”
They made it to Bow Truss by 12:08, out of breath, with damp hair and besotted grins on their faces. If Sherlock’s lips looked a bit swollen, and John’s eyes a bit dazed, no one was going to call them on it.
John put the bottle of Champagne down and tugged on the bow, then carefully slid his finger under the tape on either side and along the bottom of the wrapping. The paper fell away revealing a white box, and when John lifted the lid off he was met with piles of scrunched up, silver tissue paper.
Anahera nods. “You don’t have to tell me. I won’t pry. But it has something to do with what you’re carrying, doesn’t it? And that’s why you’ve come to the High Council.
John pressed his face to the side of Sherlock’s neck and laughed. “No, you berk. About … what was his name? Daniel?”
Sherlock feels filled up, overflowing, with tenderness for John. Each touch is a gentle kiss, a love poem, a promise. Neither have the emotional energy for more than these soft caresses and whispered requests to not let go. Not now, not ever.
Sherlock moved out of the way as John finagled the tree into their apartment and through to the living room. “Can you get that bag in the hallway? It’s a tree stand.”
“Dung beetles, John. They're fascinating. In one night one dung beetle can bury dung that is 250 times heavier than the beetle itself.”
“Whoa, hold up there. First of all, we can do a lot of this ourselves. Second of all, 2013 mould experiment?”
Sherlock nods, not taking his eyes off this man he knows better than he knows himself. Little does it help, at times. Knowing is not understanding.
Sherlock’s hand bucked up against John’s crown on every stroke, the flare around his cockhead yanking on the webbing between Sherlock’s thumb and index finger, his fingertips tripping over bulging veins and slick-soft skin.
Sherlock’s cock had filled out inside the briefs and was now pressing against the confines of his waistband. He squirmed, looking for any sensations whatsoever on his sensitive skin. The thin fabric tugged back and forth over his frenulum and cockhead, and his balls drew up tight. The more he wiggled, the more the silk wedged itself between his ass cheeks and slid over places Sherlock couldn’t begin to consider.
“Yes. As much as we want. I agree.” Sherlock didn’t care where they spent their time, as long as they were together. They could live in the tattered tennis hut for all he cared. He could just move a few meager belongings in, and his wedding garments, and they could throw a mattress on the floor and never leave.
has a place on the Senior Council and is the most high ranking healer in our colony. If you won’t be proud of yourself, I’ll have to be doubly, triply proud of you."
“And I like that you like dick. Wait, how many? Seven thousand? That’s more taxis than the entire population of our town. Jesus.
“I don’t think so, but without so many of the rugs covering them, you can actually see more of the wood now. Come on, let’s go look at the rest.”
A black, ribbed corset cinches his waist into a smooth hourglass, and his rouged nipples just barely crest the sheer trim lining the top of the garment. The corset is cut high on the sides, framing his narrow hips above his endless legs, slender but firmly muscled.
John looked ever so pleased with himself, Sherlock thought. At that moment, he’d have agreed to eat dinner on a plastic tarp on the roof of the barn, if John wanted.
Sherlock watches the Senior pengs for their reactions. Erebus and Cetus smile and nod, Vela and Pavo make small bows of recognition, and Mycroft doesn’t react at all, unless perhaps his usual frown is slightly different in some way that Sherlock cannot detect.
“Listen to the story and stop interrupting, and I’ll tell you!” John laughs, exasperated, but fond. “Where was I?”
“Whatever. Tell me, brainiac boyfriend of mine, what are we going to eat until then? I'm starving. And what are we going to do in bed all day?” One of John's eyebrows shot up.
They spent that lesson reviewing and practicing the salidas, embraces, and closing steps of the Argentinian tango. The tempo was fast and demanding, and the steps were nimble and exacting, but John was a quick study, dedicated and enthusiastic, and as the hour neared its end he was proficiently leading Sherlock through their routine.
John turned and Sherlock brought his thighs together to press against John’s legs and hold him there. He rested his head on the back of the chair and made another list.
“Er, I guess?” John said, running his hand through his hair, wondering if he should feel embarrassed or not. Sherlock nodded, as if he had just confirmed to himself something about John’s character.
He poured milk into his tea and absently stirred it with someone else's spoon, daring John to tell Mummy what, exactly, he did to turn Sherlock into a human furnace, burning up calories and stamina at an alarming rate, draining him of the ability to do more than roll over and slip into unconsciousness, leaving him to wake hours and hours later, absolutely starving, his body demanding sustenance, nutrition, fuel. John had turned him into a goddamn leafy-green, complex carbs, omega-3 craving, omnivore.
John turned off his bedside light, wrapping them in the dark, but a moment later the room glowed bright again with a text notification.
“I’m not. It’s fine, really.” She stacked the roasting pans and last of the dirty utensils in the sink and turned on the hot tap.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. Never. But it was a very important night for me. It was the first time I ever saw you, John.”
This all would've ended in a spectacular orgasm shortly after John had started, except John had told Sherlock to put his hands over the back of his head, and not to move them until John told him he could. And there Sherlock was, face down, hands clasped in his curls, ass in the air, legs spread, cock hanging like a truncheon between his thighs.
“The matter of Mycroft’s prophecy is a complicated one,” she says. “We cannot divine that Sherlock has completed the entirety of his fate; therefore, we cannot know that Mycroft is finished following his.
“I suppose.” John dragged a piece of toast through the grease on the empty bacon plate, and took a bite.
Sherlock let his hands come to rest on John's shoulders, his fingers brushing over the white leather sleeves of John's high school letter jacket. The cold outdoor air had soaked into it, and into John’s hair and skin, along with the scent of fallen leaves and crisp pine.
“You guess.” John took a sip from his water glass, put his elbows on the table, and leaned forward. He spoke in a hushed tone, so Sherlock leaned forward, too. The candle on the table between them was warm on his skin, and cast John’s neck, face, and hair in yellow-gold.
Anahera walks toward the heart of the colony. She stops, apparently having reached some point of significance to her, presses her chin to her chest, and calls. Anahera’s call is songlike, melodic in a way that matches her speaking accent. The notes drift up and ring clear in the icy air. Everyone around them turns to look.
Sherlock nodded again, then pushed the sheet down to his ankles and grabbed John’s hand. He pulled it up to his mouth and sucked on John’s fingertips, one at a time, then gave John a soft kiss and said, “Take the g-string off.”
“Well yes, but more than that, I mean. I’m beginning to realise that the more I trust you with who I am and what I like and don’t like, the easier it is to let those walls come down. You would think that would be a foregone conclusion, but it’s taken me a while to figure out why it’s becoming easier for me to keep my thoughts in order when we’re together, intimately. You may have noticed that my outbursts are less accusatory, or inappropriate, the longer we’re together.”
Perhaps they were going to Germany? Sherlock hoped not. The United States? He really, really hoped not. Scandinavia? No, he just couldn’t see them there. Iceland might be interesting. What was the crime rate like in Iceland? Would John let him solve crimes on their honeymoon?
“Never mind that now,” Anahera soothes. “Soon enough, you will be home, and none of that will matter.”
Distraught, enraged, Kororā flung Apo aside and tucked the egg safely against her own legs, then gathered Pono's beautiful, still body to her chest. While the stunned community watched, she plucked Pono's perfect heart from her breast and laid it atop Apo’s feet, where it quickly turned to ice.
John nodded and tapped away at his phone, and Sherlock noted that John's adorableness quotient seemed to go up with each word typed.
“Stranger things have happened.” John winked, closed the door behind her, and came back to the table where Sherlock had shredded his nanomaterials notes into several hundred pieces.
Sherlock had figured as much. Now it was almost 10:00pm, and as sure as he was that Laffitte would want to make a fashionably late entrance, he didn’t want to be caught here at John’s side. He didn’t want anyone else in the room to see any affection between them, either, so he whispered a quiet
“Yes.” Sherlock took that index finger between his own fingers and sucked it into his mouth. “I’m feeling particularly oral today, and whereas I’ve never spent much time on the aesthetics of my own penis, I have to say I’ve become a bit obsessed with the way it looks sliding into your mouth.”
Mycroft holds Sherlock at wing-length and looks him up and down. Sherlock squirms under his gaze, reverting to his role as the impertinent younger sibling.
“Me, too. And I really do hope they’ll come visit us this summer. Can you imagine how thrilled Mrs. Hudson would be?”
John leaned closer and put his mouth to Sherlock’s ear. “So you’re telling me that you douche every time you take a dump?”
Sherlock woke to the sound of drizzle on the windows, and the warmth of a small Watson furnace curled against his back. He kept his eyes closed and drifted in and out of a light sleep, happy to sink into the nest of pillows and blankets, content to be in bed with John on a rainy Sunday morning in Chicago.
James took the folder from Sherlock but didn’t open it. He blew over the surface of his tea and took a cautious sip, grimaced, and set his cup back down in its saucer. “Maybe we could back up a bit. On the phone, John said you’d figured out who was after me and that it had to do with one of the AMP candidates, but he didn’t say much more than that.”
“Please, Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock realized that, as his mouth was not currently occupied, he could put it to good use, and still do what he was doing with his finger. He inched up between John’s thighs, inserted his finger a little further, and licked a stripe up the snake-like veins of John’s erection.
Sherlock shook his head and turned on the windshield wipers to swipe away the big, wet flakes that were clinging to the glass. “That’s ridiculous. Let me take care of it.”
“And to think that I wore underwear. It's probably best I didn't know. I wouldn't have been able to concentrate all night. Probably would've tried to have you in the linen closet.”
Sherlock wants to defend himself, but Mycroft's logic is sound. He tucks his head down in a gesture of acquiescence, and senses his brother relax from furious, to cautious. Sherlock is embarrassed, and that is not an emotion he wishes to experience on a regular basis. He vows not to let it happen again. He tells Mycroft that he will be vigilant. It is as close to an apology as he can muster.
“So I can compute the changes in blood volume and weight between flaccid and erect states.” Sherlock looked down at the front of his Levi’s. “I wonder what my penis weighs,” he said mostly to himself.
Sherlock turns and looks at the ice, which has a fine film of frost over it. John has not been gone long, but he most definitely woke up and left earlier than usual. Sherlock looks at the sun, which has not finished her climb over the sea. Sherlock looks at the huddle. Everyone is still sleeping.
1. (verb) to begin to move, spring up in the mind (of feelings and emotions), swell, increase in bulk
“Ah, well, I doubt she would have any with her right now. She's working on something else at the moment. They work very hard, Imogen, so hard that they only live about six weeks.”
“But then you were not you anymore, you were Anahera, but it was like Anahera had travelled to the skies and back, because she was glowing like the moon, and I could barely see her through the intensity of it.
“Well, the milk bottles need to be put out, and you can bring the bins to the road because county garbage collection is tomorrow. Would you mind? It’s just my back is really at me right now.”
“Do you?” Sherlock had no idea how to proceed. Did married couples take on new habits to accommodate their spouse’s routines? If he turned the light off before John was ready to sleep would John just lie there in the dark? Could he leave his light on if John was ready to sleep but he wasn’t? Need they always go to bed at the same time?
“Hank, give me twenty pounds of that layer mash you were talking about, and twenty of those starter rations.”
“You will remain with us, under our watch, until this can be referred to the Emperor High Council, as you have committed
Sherlock hummed as he worked his tongue around John, feeling him fill out more, taking up more and more space in his mouth, until he had to slide off, wrap his hand around the base, and start again. He swirled his tongue around the tip, and flicked it against John’s slit, and under his crown, and then sucked him back in.
John drove down Main Street and out of town, heading north and west and north again, until they were on the outskirts of town, and climbing into the hills. As the street lights fell away and the sky above them grew dark, Sherlock risked longer and longer glimpses at John. His profile was strong, but not harsh, and his hair was short, but thick. Sherlock braved a glance at John’s thighs. He was used to seeing those thighs wrapped in football Lycra, but they were perhaps even sexier in faded denim, flexing with each gear change.
John blew his bangs out of his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Okay. Lemme brush my teeth.”
“It wasn’t a mistake!” Sherlock hisses out the words, and that’s when John understands what Sherlock’s lockdown is really all about.
John nudged Sherlock’s foot and pushed his plate toward him. “Eat up, you. I’ll order another pot of tea because yours has gone cold.”
says, "The newest tool for biologists is the baby penguin robotic spy. It's pretty darn cute, and so convincing that penguins essentially talk to it, as if it is a potential mate for their chicks."
John lies on his stomach at Sherlock's side, his bill tapping against the slick surface of ice. Sherlock picks up on the pattern right away, and feels a flood of affection at John's need to
, and smiles. They are about to slip away, leaving Anahera and Tui to reunite after her long sleep, but Tui shakes her head and reaches one wing toward them, so they stay.
“The rest of it is more about the house, and oh, here, she won ten dollars at bingo. And she says to pass on her love.” Sherlock made kissy noises into the phone, and John laughed and told him to save it.
Sherlock scanned the entire room, getting a sense of the layout, clientèle, doorways, and bar. This room was situated between two others, with open, double doors facing each other on opposite walls, and the bar was in the center, a rectangular island with two bartenders working either end. Greg saw him checking everything out, and said, “Hey, no worries, okay? We’ll be able to see everything from the monitors in my office.”
“Come here, you git,” John said, then grabbed Sherlock by his collar and pulled him forward. He kissed him on the side of his mouth and whispered in his ear, “I’d love to kiss you, Sherlock, really kiss you, but I want to be respectful of your privacy in front of your parents. Maybe later?”
“So, chances are, all those guys he was seeing behind your back? Underage, some of them probably paid for. Now we just have to catch him in the act, and use the proof to change his mind about an assault charge against John.”
Anahera puts one wing on Sherlock’s shoulder and nudges him around to face them. She looks very serious now, not unlike John when he is about to impart some great and significant knowledge to which Sherlock has previously been oblivious.
John laughs and ducks his head toward his belly, out of reach of Sherlock’s nipping bill. “What are you doing, you silly peng?”
Sherlock glanced around for John, and Kevin pointed toward the dining room. “In there. Your John has a big appetite.”
“Do you not know the meaning of the word ‘surprise’? Let me talk to your mother. I’ll make sure she leaves the honeymoon plans well enough alone. And I’m not telling you another word, so don’t even ask.”
The timing was perfect for a change of subject. “Let’s not stress Greg out about his future career options. What are you guys going to do for the rest of the weekend? Other than the hanky party, that is.”
Sherlock turns and stares, but Maryle keeps her eyes fixed ahead. "I think you and I are alike in many ways, Sherlock. I understand what it’s like to want to do things your own way. I know how it feels to have your secrets revealed, things you’d rather have kept private.
Sherlock turned onto his back, too. “John, losing control is not who I am. It’s not what I do. When I lose control bad things happen.”
“Like what? I mean, I can see if you lost control on a crime scene and destroyed evidence, or hurt a suspect. But how else could something bad happen?”
Sherlock doesn't know those details of Erebus’ relationship, and suspects it might be unfair to ask him about something so intimate. It must be hard for Erebus to be alone now, after having what he had with Selvic. He must struggle with those more evocative memories enough as it is, without Sherlock asking him to discuss them. On the other wing, Erebus has made it clear that he wants to help others like him and Selvic avoid the hardships they had faced. He has made it clear that he will answer any question Sherlock has.
Sherlock stops blinking long enough to study John for any clues about the nature of their interaction. John is still staring off into the middle of his own befuddlement. He seems unsettled and thoughtful, but not agitated or angry.
The other juveniles fall about, snickering and clasping their wings over their bills. Pavo and Vela look thoroughly confused, and Mycroft rolls his eyes so hard Sherlock wonders if they might not get stuck staring backwards at his brain.
Sherlock shook his head. A raindrop, caught in one of the dark coiled strands, dislodged and slid down the milk white column of Sherlock’s throat. John watched it cut down, clinging to the tendons which flexed and moved as Sherlock spoke, “No. Studying today. Test tomorrow.” The raindrop met the collar of his shirt and melted into the fabric. John blinked and found Sherlock wrapping his hand slightly self-consciously around the back of his neck, rubbing his palm over the wet path the raindrop had traveled.
John ordered them each a flight of Champagne and a shared gastro board with a large assortment of cheeses, charcuterie, and tapenades. They sampled everything with enthusiasm, divvying up their favourites and discussing which of the bubblies they preferred with which of the cheeses and meats. Eventually, they had to order more of everything out of both enjoyment and hunger.
Afraid he’d sounded corny, he stopped, his hands frozen on John’s hips. John, though ‒ John hummed and rested his hands over Sherlock’s. “That’s good. That’s a good idea. Yeah. You want to, um, do all your research. Be thorough and all.” He let his head fall back on Sherlock’s shoulder, and sighed.
They make the trip back together, Sherlock in the lead, John right by his side, the others following. They are huffing and short of breath when they arrive, and if they weren’t shocked by Sherlock’s abrupt reappearance and unexpected plea for help, they are speechless now.
John’s kiss was soft and tentative. He teased, taking little sips of Sherlock, who stood, transfixed, bombarded with the sensations of John’s warm mouth against his, his clean smell between them, his
“Oh fuck, oh fuck,” John panted, his thighs gripping Sherlock’s waist, and with one last press of John’s finger Sherlock spilled, vaguely aware of John pulsing hot between them.
“Not at all, John. You'll need a good breakfast for the day ahead of you. What time are you headed off?
Back at the house, they unpacked their bags of groceries. Sherlock liked standing next to John in the kitchen, deciding what should go where. Putting the eggs on the second shelf of the fridge, putting the cans of soup on the third shelf of the pantry, leaving the packages of biscuits out on the counter; all of this was like building themselves from the ground up. Sherlock put away luncheon meats and bread, tea and sugar, pickles and apples and tangerines and bananas, and by the time they were done he was ready for the tea John was brewing.
The second photograph was of John as a young boy and a slightly younger girl that looked just like him. That must’ve been Harry. They were standing on the banks of a river, looking at each other, laughing. Sherlock wondered what either of them had said to make them laugh like that. Sherlock wondered how long it had been since they had laughed like that, together. He imagined it had been years, given Harry’s bouts with alcoholism.
John did pry Sherlock away then, but only to weave his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and kiss him, long and slow. They shifted in their seats to better face each other, and each time Sherlock thought the kiss might end, John pressed in again, sometimes just brushing his mouth against Sherlock’s, sometimes running the tip of his tongue along Sherlock’s lower lip, changing the angle now and then, exploring and marking Sherlock’s mouth with his own.
