“Steve.”
. Don’t tell me you’re not freezing your ass of right now.”
“Liar.”
“You can’t be serious.”
Warnings: CHARACTER DEATH (not Steve or Tony, but still...).
– excuse me,” he calls the bartender, voice not much more composed than he feels. “Hi, yeah, um, can I get– can I have a towel, please, or two? My drink–”
Summer of Stony prompt #23: “I can’t stop thinking about you.”
“It doesn’t hurt to be sure.”
This time, Steve’s laughter rings out loud and clear. “Come on, then, Shellhead. Let’s go get that chocolate.”
Pepper’s smirking into her coffee, though, and Tony’s confused until he turns back to Steve and sees his smile grow to a mischievous grin.
“Right,” Clint says, and in the heavy silence, it comes out louder than he’d probably meant it to. “As much as I think we’d fucking enjoy watching what’s about to happen–”
“Somehow, I don’t think he thought you’d actually text him
“No, you’re not,” Tony breathes, “You better not be.”
Tony can only wave, and then let out a loud chuckle when he hears Steve’s muttered ‘
“Always, sweetheart,” he says, and can’t help the smile that settles on his face. “But you are still in the dog house.”
door.
“Stop pushing me away.”
“Fucking snow,” Tony rasps. “Fuck this storm, fuck winter,
This really isn’t like Steve.
“Oh come on, I wasn’t that bad--”
Steve lets out a laugh, and pulls Tony in just a little bit closer. “You look beautiful.”
“Oh, really?”
“God, you’re so--”
Tony turns at the sound of Steve’s voice, and feels his breath hitch when he finds the blond suddenly sitting right there next to him. “Should’ve bought you a bell, you menace,” he says.
Tony just stares, eyes wide and confused. There’s a small shower of glitter floating down from the card, and Steve watches the little puddle on the ground get bigger and bigger.
Warnings: NONE.
Tony doesn’t tell him they pretty much have it all already He’s known Steve long enough to know he’ll never accept a single penny of Tony’s money-- not that it changes anything, because Tony’s going to have
Civil Union Fest Prompt #27: “This isn’t funny.”
“Yes. It seems he made an impression of her from the first day. Master Tony’s taken to whining that she likes young James more than she likes him.”
Steve’s eyes are still wet, but when he nods, the determined set of his jaw is comfortably familiar. “I’ve always wanted to go to one those Christmas Tree farms.”
“Then just come with me.”
“Don't be jealous, Tony. You can have your turn, too,” he says, the blush on his cheeks just as gorgeous as ever. Tony's noticed them more and more with every line and innuendo they've traded-- and they've done it enough for Tony to know that Steve is, at the very least, attracted to him. But he's careful not to take it further, because somewhere along the way, losing Steve's friendship has become non-negotiable, and Tony will do a lot to keep it that way.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #28: “I dare you.”
,” Steve says, grinning as he holds said slider-- ridiculously tiny in between those large, pale fingers-- out to him, and Tony’s always known when to take what he can.
Steve just lifts his arms up in victory. “I win!”
“Pretty sure you could never
“For what? Wasn’t your idea to…” he waves his hand around, “y’know. It’s not like I fucking remember it anyway.”
- - - - -
“And you’ve got nothing to apologize for.”
“Don’t think I’ll make it that long, baby,” he says, and pulls back the bedcovers a second later, rising from the bed with a grace that sends shivers of appreciation down Tony’s spine.
“It means you might be spending a lot more time with Pepper from here on out,” Steve announces.
In the midnight silence of the Stark Tower living room, Tony’s low, tired voice sounds louder than it really is, and Steve turns away from the New York skyline in time to see him plop down into the couch. “Hey, Shellhead.”
“Now if you don’t mind,” Peggy continues, “there’s a blonde that’s been eyeing me since I came in here, and she’s cute as a button.” She leaves with a wink and a wave before either of them can reply.
“Smile!”
March Prompt #9: “We’re not buying a dog.”
“You’re tryin’ to distract me and it’s not gonna work,” Steve says.
“Love you too, darling,” Tony sighs, and then there is nothing, as the silence settles over them like the warmest blanket of all.
“I never expected to be easy”
Tony didn’t write that he forgave Steve, but he put on paper something that it was almost like forgiveness.
Bucky decides to return to the
and you decide
If he slept no more than five hours being lucky a day, well, it was another thing, besides is not like he slept a lot, MIT trained him for this kind of job, his binges in the laboratories were legendries.
He seemed so sure, so determined to do well, just like him in the beginning when he searched for all his weapons. When he was arrogant enough to believe he could single-handed put peace in the world, just to now know that he put on march something bigger than him.
Tony didn’t trust easily, but when he does, he trusts with all he has. That’s why when someone betrays him it hurts too much and breaks his heart a little bit more, but it was his fault…because obviously something in him is wrong, something in him that makes good people want to stab him in the back. It’s the most logical conclusion.
He was shouted by an obnoxious member of the Board of Directors, the man forgot that it was tomorrow the appoint for his date with Mr. Rogers, and begun to shout at him saying it was his mistake, because he told his assistant to make his appointment for today. At the end of the tirade of insults and threats from the other man, Mr. Rogers came out of his office after hearing the scandal, the member of the Board begun telling his tale again and insulting Tony.
’ ideas like Ultron, so disregarding it was not so difficult and having Natasha’s not exactly approval but understanding sold it. He forgot about how fucking white and black the law seemed to be sometimes.
“Okay, I will post an advertisement and we find a candidate I will send them your way to begin training, if that is okay with you?”
For Tony happiness was Steve and his two dogs.
“No it isn’t” his friend murmured but left it at that.
However when he met Steve, he sincerely thought that it was
“You know you can tell him…you have time, Tones” Rhodey said watching him apprehensively from his seat in the corner of the room.
Jarvis was not amused when Tony returned two hours after with Buddy, neither were Rhodey and Pepper. He forgot to inform them that he had found Buddy.
They fought, Bucky was innocent and he couldn’t let Tony kill him, if that meant that he had to fight his soulmate, he would do it.
relationship. Tony only nodded but it was enough for Barnes because he left the room and left the door opened.
Now walking towards Steve room, Tony wondered if it would be possible for him to make an early exit; something to escape the breakfast (more like brunch) the day after and obviously the newlyweds going for they honeymoon. He reached his destination sooner that he would have liked, he took a minute to breath deeply before he knocked on the door and this was it the final time that Steve would be free.
He has had to buy the kid clothes. But he still stands by what he told him, he wanted Peter to be better than him, to be a better hero…he is the next step. Nonetheless, he wished that he hadn’t shouted.
“Really Steve, you can’t have an incompetent person for your PA it reflects a bad image of the company, you need to fire him before he make an unforgivable mistake” the man said.
“I don’t mind training”
And Steve has still the gall to say that theirs are still the best hands.
He needed to take care of Tony Stark and he would do it, for the good of the World, of course.
“No, no, no” he whispers with increasing anxiety dropping the phone to touch his own wrist with misery.
He loses something he never had.
They were still the safest option, they knew about their weakness and how to calm each other in case of emergency. As a team they could go to missions where they were needed without waiting a committee giving them the order and with that losing the lifes they were supposed to protect.
So he sent Tony a cellphone and a letter, Steve didn’t know if Tony would ever call or would read the latter, Tony could have just throw it away; but Steve wanted to think that at the very least Tony would keep the phone and consider his words. He was a good man, even if Tony himself didn’t believe so. Steve could believe for both of them.
“I am
He confided that to him…like a lot of things, he trusted him against his brain telling him that it was not wise. He loved him like he has never loved him anyone else, with all the parts of his broken heart and putting all his being in his hands.
Maybe with that he would finally gave this Ms. Potts person a call, she seemed really interested in being part of his project when he went to seek help in the organization where she worked.
But Wanda’s custody in the Complex changes it all and Steve turns in someone Tony doesn’t recognize.
“It is not easy” Tony said defeated, “There will be times where you have to make hard decisions”
Tony scoffed; he was capable of taking care of himself without the pups. He reminded Jarvis of that.
He lost the kid.
Tony smiled at his friend and left the room to search the groom and started his functions as best man, he touched the box in his pocket’s pants gingerly through its expensive fabric. He wished that Steve had chose Barnes instead of him, it would have made the things a little easier for him.
“I love you too” Steve replied easily with a little smile, “you are one of my best friends”
That was the reason why he called Mr. Rogers, Mr. Rogers, he sometimes slipped in his mind a called him Steve, but never out of it. Not even when his own boss asked to call by his name.
“I understand why he did that, not wait Tony let me finish” His friend admonished when he saw his intention to interrupt, “I understand that he didn’t want to hurt you, I do know where he is coming from and Steve didn’t do it with malice; but he also didn’t do it only for you wellbeing the way I’d have done it…he though about the repercussions of you knowing that it was his friend who murdered them or at least he suspected, he wanted to protect Barnes and that it was something I respect because he was protecting his friend.” Rhodey squeezed his shoulder a gave him a sad smile, “What I didn’t forgive is that in the way to protect his friend he also hurt another friend, Steve hurt my best friend…and Tony if I’ve known about your parents, I’d have told you; because I have known you for years and you trusted me to tell you things even if you don’t like them, but Cap? He didn’t really know you…maybe because he didn’t have the intend to do it or simply didn’t have the time, he chose wrong and ended causing you pain and for that I can forgive him”
or the wrinkled body of the log,
“I’m hopeless” Tony grumbled, Buddy licked his face trying to cheer him up, Bailey was lying in the opposite love seat seeing them unimpressed. “You could be totally a cat, doll,” he told her, “with that apathetic response to your owner suffering”
Steve still forgets his wallet, Tony remembers for both.
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks and kind comments.
Then all the scheme of Zemo came to light and Tony hoped…he finally saw an exit, one with the less repercussions. One where Cap could have his bestie while he tried to forget that Rhodey could end paraplegic as the result of this wanton fight.
But Tony Stark was not a sensible guy.
But he could help him and maybe in doing that he could redeem himself.
Tony saw the accords as both: as a form of accountability and as a form of protection for them. It’s practically impossible battled without some form of collateral damage. A lot of ‘super’ ‘enhanced’ humans begun to pop everywhere, some of them with the right motivation but without training making them just as dangerous as the super villains they fight for the people they swore to protect.
There is the memory from their first kiss, it was sweet and he associated it with the savor of peaches and the smell of petrichor, he guards the remembrance with all his might, willing himself in never forgetting it.
“Nah, they’re a just nervous…leave it to me, I’ll talk with some of them to read it and give a shot”
His wrist hurts and Steve’s name feels a little hot, Tony nods to the pilot and goes to Vienna with Natasha, he sees the news in the middle of the flight.
“Steve” Tony begun unusually quietly, “I have to tell you something”
“I’m training them, and they were smart” Tony said proudly scratching behind Bailey’s ears, to her delight. Buddy was doing and excellent impression of a leech onto Jarvis’ legs demanding attention.
“Yes we need regulations, but we don’t agree in your proposals” Tony nearly shouted caching himself in time, he needed to control his temper; he didn’t want to fall in their stinky hands.
Tony wonders why is that and how can he fix it, he wants his boyfriend smiling like that even if it is not at him. He wants Steve to be happy.
are the halves of one soul something like the Accords can’t be more powerful than their love (the will of people with hidden Agendas).
Tony searched for hours, in the neighborhood and outside it, shouting Buddy’s name until his throat hurt. Bailey noticing her owner distress begun to yowl, in an unusually sign of empathy from her, but it was her brother, Tony guessed, so she must have been worried too.
“I certainly had a difficult morning, but that was not a date” Mr. Rogers said looking at him puzzled, Tony dismissed the look and concentrated in his driving, trying to see the rear-view mirror the least he could.
“Buddy!!”
Though, Steve missed his friend and those silly calls the genius sometimes did when he wasn’t in the complex improving their gadgets; his lame jokes that Tony didn’t recognize as bad, the crazy ideas of outings for bonding, and their own get together in some restaurants in New York.
if I touch
could agree with those Accords, how he can give up his freedom when not a long time ago Tony called the Congress assclowns for trying to obtain his suit. In that moment he thought nastily that Stark could only ‘compromise’ when his tech was not in the line, Steve regretted the thought almost immediately; he had already misjudged his other half once and he paid it nearly losing him, even if they were at odds, he didn’t want to loose him.
and my roots will set off
They lived to serve them, those who had to rely in their powers…so those who had the experience need to be in control; not some loose canon like Tony Stark. The UN needed to put in charge someone with experience like him, General Ross, he who had the temple to follow the Accords as it said, without all that sentimentality that the law mustn’t have.
Their reunion was emotive ¾if Tony said so himself¾, full of dog kisses and threats and praises from Tony. He nearly cut off the leash keeping Buddy from him, he managed to untie it after a few tries and gained a lapful of overexcited pup.
Someone coughed in his near vicinity and Tony remembered about the stranger. So for this time he would do what a normal person would do.
Not that Tony believed that he would actually return, usually after a date Mr. Rogers didn’t return to the company, and Tony didn’t like to thing why he did not.
They were more; Tony knew that, a lot of them in the shadows and didn’t want recognition. Though the world needed them, every time that the Avengers came out it was something bigger than the previous, it was harder and had more casualties and sincerely they were understaffed.
And Tony kissed him, trying to pour what he felt in that kiss.
that sail
“We will need to find a bigger house, Buddy and Bailey need more space to run” Steve commented.
It did take Mr. Rogers two days to notice Darcy’s presence, and another day to know why she was there.
Steve Rogers was such a dork, Tony thought accepting Steve lips and deepening the kiss.
think, even if DUM-E kind of act like a puppy, but the bot didn’t need much care. However, he still didn’t regret to have picked them up, not when Bailey and Buddy looked at him with those eyes filled with affection, not even when DUM-E was so damn exited seeing his new little friends ¾and if he record it with his phone, anyone but him would ever know¾ and tried to douse them with the fire extinguisher.
remember
He is so sickeningly cute as a
He drank and hoped, like Howard, to forget how he wasn’t a good man.
“Let’s go love” he whispers in the blond locks making Stevie chortles with the action.
If suddenly
So he found himself in the pathetic position of searching refuge, watching out for a store with enough space in its exterior to protect him of the rain; a café would be perfect he really needed his daily fix of caffeine. However, it was late and most of the stores were closed or had already packed with unfortunate souls like him.
“Did you miss them?” the reported asked, it was the last question after an hour of a row of enquires of the new Accords.
Tony knew that they were more memories than other thing, some of them with macabre twist. But undeniable all of his nightmares held a hint of true in them, and that was what made them more horrible.
“Tell me something that you have never said to anyone else”
Tony opened the lids of the box with care, peeking its contents. He guessed that it must had contained some kind of animal, probably kittens or puppies, some unfortunate animals that had been in the unlucky place of their owner being an A+ douchebag.
Is the least that he could do it, to leave someone capable to manage the difficult schedule of Mr. Rogers.
. It took a lot of himself living in the past, he saw his wrist and remember what it was once upon a time and what it’s now; a bitter mix of disappointment, fear and few fickle embers of love.
“Sorry Johnson, but it can’t be, without Tony I couldn’t last a day…he is very competent” Mr. Rogers said with a forced smile, “forget it and come in, we will discuss now whatever have you preoccupied and couldn’t wait to the next meeting”
Take Ty and Rumiko, they were friends before all went to shit. Rumiko was the love of his life, now she is dead and it was his fault, maybe if he was a better boyfriend, she wouldn’t had betrayed him and then she hadn’t been in Ty’s car when the accident happened. He still visits Ty, he always brings his favorite flowers to his room in the Hospital, and also he talks for a while even when the doctor told him that he didn’t hear him. He visits Rumiko’s grave twice a year.
Sometimes Tony woke up feeling cold and shivering, his body remembering the hours in Siberia until Vision came for him, the suit powerless and making everything colder…the shield in front of him and the sounds of a quinjet going up and going far from there.
you feel that you are destined for me
He recalls the memory in the route towards Leipzig remembering that it’s his soulmate who will be there, it will be Steve his other half and he will be able to
He took the two tiny bodies in his arms and tried to shell them with his jacket until they reached home.
“I love you, I want everything that you give me”
When he finished to read Steve’s letter, Tony did two things; the first was burning the letter, he couldn’t let evidence of his contact with them for their security and his own, the second was to write his own.
you forget me
He didn’t know when he stopped to feel the bond.
He was grateful for her cooperation and willingness to read his proposal before deciding.
One thing was forgive and forgetting was totally different from it.
At the end Tony had to call Pepper and Rhodey for help, his friends searched too and called their own friends to ask for Buddy. While they were doing that, Tony made a missing post and went out to paste it everywhere, not before he called Jarvis to asking to babysit ¾
“Here, take this. You find him and you put that on.” He showed him his blank wrist. “We are not more.”
Just like hundreds of others, people with super powers, normal people…all of them inspired thanks to them to do the right thing. Some of the positive things that the Avengers achieved and Tony was proud of.
He named them Bailey and Buddy, well Jarvis named them when he called him asking if he knew something about the care of puppies. Apparently those were top names for dogs, and Tony had been ban of any kind of naming after DUM-E and if his thesis works as he planned JARVIS.
Rhodes fell and he only knew that after rescuing his friends, in the flight to return to Wakanda from the RAFT.
Clint hasn’t been that naïve, she was sure of that.
“You didn’t deserve this”
’ wrote on it, with Nat’s calligraphy.
Tony didn’t like the idea of more people getting his hand in that document before it was presented to the UN, but he asked Carol’s opinion and now he was getting a help he sincerely didn’t expect and Tony wouldn’t be a fool to reject it.
“What?”
“I…” Why was Mr. Rogers fighting so hard? For a simple employee like him, “I don’t think so, my dream was, is to build a company to create my own projects and do what I want”
Even if it means to work as the PA of Steve Rogers, the CEO of Rogers International, a post that he didn’t imagine for him. When he came to RI was for a post in de R&D department, with his PhDs it would be a piece of cake or that was what he thought; in the end it was his MBA what won his place in the company. As a personal assistant, of the CEO, because apparently the HR’s secretary misplaced his curriculum and he was interviewed for the PA vacant, and the R&D that he originally wanted was occupied for a CalTech crony ten years older and only one PhD, and there was only one vacant so for the moment he had to endure being the PA, until another post was open. Or if he finds more investor to found his own company, whatever comes first.
“Invite me a cup of coffee” Tony elaborated while he walked towards his boss, “There is this little café a couple of blocks from him, you left your wallet in yesterday’s suit so you need to take it, you have to paid since you will be inviting me.”
There were a lot of things that he couldn’t tolerate; one of them was not being in control and in that moment it what was happening.
It’s an image (a low quality image that Steve is so sure had Tony cringing with utter disgust, it was obviously taken with the same device that he has sent) and for a moment he doesn’t understand what he is seeing. It’s the inside Tony’s left wrist, he knows that because he has spent a considerate amount of time memorizing his lover’s body specially where his name resides; said wrist has a little mole under the beginning of his thumb, he loves that mole.
“Found everything you need?” Tony asks dry, expression lack and eyes cold.
The puppies were time consumers, and with his schedule already packed, it took a toll of him to try to be on time with all his work. The sensible thing would be looking for a house where they could play and receive all the love they deserved.
The RAFT wasn’t even in the first draft that they had signed.
“People save other people all the time”
Mr. Rogers seemed defeated; he never has seen him like this, not even in his most stressful days.
“Very well, sir” his butler said smiling, “also it’s refreshing to find you well rested and feed, they were very good for you”
“I will forgive Steve given the time, but I won’t forget what he did” Tony said with a bittersweet smile, “Anna taught me better, but I am not as a good person as her”
“Steve…”
He had seen the end of his relationship with Pepper long ago, before the Mandarin, after his trip to the wormhole. But he tried, because that woman was one of the best things that happened in his life…he loved her and he wasted a lot of years with his head in his ass and not seeing, even then Pepper loved him and she was wonderful for that reason and thousands more.
Then someone took him at the elbow stopping his escape, the action made that his body collide with the other person making possible for them to hold him.
Being a PA, Tony founded, was not as easy as he believed in the beginning. He is the eyes and ears of the CEO, so he has to be at the day on all the on goings of the company and that sadly means to read the reports of the heads of the departments ¾ who apparently didn’t know how to make a resume¾, and make their kilometric reports in one page resume for his boss, something more mindful for taking decisions. Furthermore, he has to do miracles with Mr. Roger’s schedule, making it as productive as he could, not wasting any minute of one of the more influential men in the country ¾thankfully he knows a lot about algorithms, even if they’re for software, about optimization, they come handy in these situations.
“I want to kill him,
Bailey and Buddy were growing up nicely and were very smart, Tony was training them and they cached up quickly the instructions.
Because life hates him and had demonstrated its hate again, after being hit with one of those weird guns that some of the AIM thugs were carrying, Steve, his baby form, attached himself to his right boot and refused to let it go and for the rest of the team it meant that Tony is in babysitter duty for the foreseeable future.
So he would enter to the restaurant, paid the stupid bill because his boss left his fucking wallet in his other fucking suit, and then he would return to RI’s HQ and present his resignation letter so de HHRR department could find his substitute. Tony calculated between a week to two to found an adequate person and trained them.
“Why did you not say anything to me?” Mr. Rogers asked sounding hurt, Tony didn’t now what to say, “Did you not feel comfortable? Was someone harassing you? Was it Johnson?”
Because even if Steve’s name was not longer tattooed in his skin, it didn’t magically erase all his feelings, too his displeasure. No matter the rage he felt at the end of his soulmate’s letters, or the sick satisfaction afterward when he sent the picture of his blank wrist. No, all of it came again little by little waking him up of his numbness; making him face his new reality.
Bucky Barnes’ face is in all the news, the count of deaths is rising and General Cross is filling his voice mail with angry demands for information. He closes his eyes and breathing is difficult, he waits for something but nothing comes from Steve’s end not anger or hurt and it scares shitless Tony.
Natasha observed him, the defeated stance without the cocky charade that was normally in his features, the sadness in his eyes and all the discolored bruises of a painful fight, pain from fighting a super soldier or a friend maybe from both. It was a Tony that she had never seen even when the man was dying he didn’t look like this.
“If it is for money, I can increase your salary, that would be not a problem”
else too”
When the policy and security arrives he will tell him about Steve, as well as launch a program to find his blueprints if them showed in the red and destroy them. Tony will do all of that, but later, for now he wants to nurse himself a little more.
So Tony gets to know how to run a fortune 500 company, gains a nice salary, and the cherry on the top was his handsome boss.
Tony shakes his head.
But if they were there since the beginning they could have a tell in what those regulations would be; they could turn the accords to their benefit with compromising, but that word apparently didn’t exist in Cap’s dictionary.
to seek another land.
He wondered if his father felt as disappointed of him as he did.
“But you don’t have…”
Parading in the rain must count as a shower, like hell he would wake up early tomorrow to take a proper one, his assessor must have to endure the smell of science and awesomeness.
There were several texts in the draft folder. Something like:
He could have sworn that he also hears his heart breaking. But how can something break again when it’s already in ruins?
“It’s not perfect” that was the first thing that Carol said to Tony after introductions and small talk, “But it could be, if you want this to have a go, you will need more supporters”
Steve’s reaction was a spectacular session of full-throated cry, the little guy demonstrated to have a pair of very healthy lungs and thank Thor for that…it seemed that
The puppies barked, or tried to bark, moving franticly inside the box happy with the attention. They were a little wet, the box didn’t offer much of protection against the rain, but their fur were not too dirty so he could see their color, one of them was a light gray with black spots and the other was totally black or at least it seemed that way; Tony didn’t know which race they could be, the nearer he had been of a dog was Thor’s Golden Retriever ¾a crazy dog with a friendly attitude that matched its owner¾, but if his limited knowledge was correct, they must be a mix…they were more common to be abandoned.
Maybe they are coordinates to a point of reunion, someplace where they can see each other without the fear of the U.N breathing down their necks, or perhaps he finally realized how wrong the Accords are. A tiny part of him hopes that it is because Tony recognized that Bucky is a victim too and that his stubborn lover forgives him.
“Hey Captain Handsome” Tony called him with a grim, “Looking good sir!”
Even if they were in different sides, they had the same objective.
Maybe it was the way that Mr. Rogers looked at this woman, the tender cadence in his voice and caring tact towards her, it was totally different to the other people who he went out with. She was special.
’ went unsaid but Laura heard perfectly, she sighed.
Tony is now in a dire situation and being part of a glare contest, Stevie was winning by the way. The man sighs and bends to pick of the little boy, minding his armor and how the heck he will get out the Iron Man armor without getting Stevie in another fit.
“It was my work”
He almost made the kid an Avenger, yep not ready to be a role model. Thank to heaven that Peter had common sense and told him no.
“Coffee” Tony said.
Tony sighed and stared hard at his tumbler of whisky, something expensive that go hot and easy in his throat and makes his stomach settles for the first time in the day, talking about old habits. It was okay, it was just to take the edge, to ease himself to finally sleep. Just an hour, before the night terrors came and made it impossible to rest.
“Keep fighting then, if you fall the get up and fight again, fight for what you believe Tony, and if the rest don’t understand that is not your problem”
“About that, I think I left my wallet in my other suit…do you have another of my credit cards?” Mr. Rogers said sheepishly.
He only remembered being angry, almost like the first time when he met Tony; however, now without the interference of Loki’s scepter (the mind’s gem); he also felt betrayed.
“I know…I just wanted to do the right thing” he confessed, Laura could her the defeat in his voice.
Jarvis was not a fan of animals, but Buddy and Bailey; he was fond of them if only for making Tony happy, for returning to his young master’s eyes some of the light that he was losing with the time.
, is there because of him, no, it’s because the spot Steve has put them all with his unwillingness to hear, his tunnel vision with all Barnes’ related, he put them all in risk for a single man.
Stupid Thomas and his flu, it was not like he would die if he drove with a cold. The pipsqueak.
Tony didn’t believe that Rhodey knew it and wondered when his friend would abandon that cave. How could he lose the Tony from MIT? And why did he not do anything to recuperate him?
, you have a giant heart with a lot of love to give”
“What I told Johnson this noon was true, I wouldn’t last a day without you, Tony” Mr. Rogers said sincerely, “I was embarrassed when I didn’t find my wallet and I couldn’t leave Peggy foot the bill since I was the one who invited her, you really save me”
Steve hugged him and whispered sweet nothings at his ear, it was the last time he hugged him like that, after that came Ultron and his retirement, the drills and Steve’s quest to find Barnes.
Maybe that was one of the reasons he didn’t went to Aunt Peggy’s funeral, that and that he wasn’t really family, not the way Sharon is or the connection that Steve had. Even if Sharon called him telling him the hour and place and asking if he wanted to say something. He didn’t deserve that privilege.
“No, anything interesting?”
Tony feels hate for a single moment and it terrifies him. But when there was anyone he still had Rhodey, he never left him and his friend was with him in everything that matters. James was the one that found him, who didn’t stop to search for him when everybody gave him for lost.
It was a mess and she was afraid for them.
“Is it the reason for being Spider-man?” he asked nonjudgmental.
“I don’t think that you contract listed that as some of your job’s specification”
“Go away” Tony nearly shouted when he felt a hand in his shoulder, “I need to find Buddy”
Tony also discovered that Steve was not perfect, but it made him more perfect for him. Bailey like Buddy ¾and Tony¾ loved Steve at first sight. Steve loved the three Starks.
Yeah, he will never send those.
The more Mr. Rogers asked, the more Tony felt guilty. His boss was eager to know the reason and fixed it, trying to found a way to avoid Tony leaving.
Now he would have to wait in the car while his boss ended enamoring another person that was not he, and possible driving them to the nearest hotel.
They had an opportunity, it was time for them to fight back…together as they must have been since the beginning. Well at least the few of them that remain.
If he has felt betrayed when he knew that Steve hide the true about his parents death, this finished to kill the hope that he stupidly harbored; because he knew about the Reactor and his issues with it.
“Thank
“Damn right--”
“You just did it for me, gorgeous. Thanks for the welcome,” he winks.
“Modest? Not me,” Tony laughs, that familiar, impish grin turned straight at Steve. “I don’t even know what that means, no sir! Never met her.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Nope. No way. That’s bullshit, Rogers–”
Tony doesn’t reply, but when Steve smiles into his hair, and runs his hands down his back, he thinks he might be able to believe it one day.
“I just... do. Do you trust me?”
"I'd like that," Steve finally says, smiling like he thinks it's the best idea ever, and even with a black eye and a bruised shoulder, even sitting in a hospital waiting room at two in the morning, Tony thinks that's exactly what it might be.
“How old is she?”
“Baron Zemo, old friend of Johann Schmidt.”
“Can’t believe you even have to ask,” Steve replies, eyes steely with determination, but just before reaching the door, he steps close into Tony’s space. “Are you okay?” he asks, voice as soft as the fingers that brush against his hand.
Tony’s voice is almost disbelieving. “Really—”
“Sure seems like you do, sometimes. You have no idea how much I hate that.”
He lets the kisses begin again-- the fast, loud rush of blood in his ears a contrast to the soft, wonderfully tender feel of Steve’s lips on his own-- until they break away with a sigh.
Barton’s smile just gets bigger. “Guess what I found down in the basements last night?”
“Yeah.”
“Nonsense,” Steve shakes head. “He’s a very well behaved little guy.”
“You heard it,” Rhodey grins. “Grow some balls and go see your man, will ya?
“And to be honest,” Tony leans in closer, lifting a hand to trail it back down Steve's chest. "I wouldn't mind spending some more time with you, Mr. Rogers."
His phone pings loudly where it sits on the large glass table, and more than one eye turns his way. From his periphery, he sees Pepper sigh in exasperation, but it means nothing when he sees the words on his screen.
“Are you okay?”
“Sarah.”
“Come on,” Steve coos, “I know you’re still sleepy, sweetheart. You can stay here with me and Daddy, all warm and cozy, yeah?”
“You can’t wear this,” Tony announces. “There’s no way I’m letting you leave my house--”
“Yeah I know, honey bear. It’s nice?” he asks, but Rhodey’s already back on the other side of the room, running the car up and down Barnes’ sides.
“Yeah.”
“JARVIS locked me out the workshop,” he says, walking past the blond and into the softly lit living room. “Something about a thirty plus hour work binge.”
“You’re so special sometimes,” Pepper mutters when Happy drives off.
“I didn’t mean it like
Tony sighs, and finally looks up until their eyes meet. “I can’t believe you pulled this shit.”
“You betcha, Shellhead.”
Tony doesn’t nod. “I’m sorry for what I said.”
“Don’t keep me waiting at all, handsome,” Tony says, facing Steve even as he walks away. “Chop chop, Rogers. And thanks for the ‘boost’!”
“Are you okay?” He barely hears Steve ask him, then feels the couch he’s on dip a little as the blond sits back down next to him.
Summer of Stony prompt #15: “So, I found this waterfall...”
, let me tell you, baby,” he swallows around the lump in his throat, “I could live a thousand lives, and never do enough in any of them to deserve even a tenth of what you’ve given me.
Tony doesn’t hesitate to reply. “Anytime.”
” Steve gasps, slapping a hand his reddened face.
Pepper gives him an unimpressed look even as she sighs again, waving him off, and Tony would’ve probably leaned in to kiss her if he hadn’t already been out the door and halfway to the elevator.
“Right. Sorry,
"Shhhh. You wake her up, and there'll be hell to pay-- what," Steve says, when Tony turns in his arms to bury his head on Steve's shoulder.
“That hurts, Tash.”
“Please, just- stay. Please.”
“Breathe, Stevie,” Barnes says. “I’m okay--”
“Scout’s honor.”
“I don’t know if I should say anything,” Steve bows his head. He looks and sounds small and unsure and everything Tony knows he isn’t.
“Be careful, yeah, I know,” he says, and doesn’t breathe as he pulls her up and into his arms. She gurgles quietly as he settles her to his chest, nuzzling a tiny cheek against the soft cashmere of his sweater. “I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of looking at her.”
"And then-- then, the fucking icing on the shitty cake... That you'd been impaled," Stark's voice breaks, "with a fucking construction bar."
Tony rolls his eyes. “I should have known—” he begins, but stops when Red suddenly lifts her head, eyes moving to a spot beyond his shoulder, and before he can say another word, the room goes bright as a door opens behind him. The slow, measured steps echo loudly in the warehouse as the Captain— at least Tony assumes it’s him, because Red actually smirks— makes his way to where they are and oh god, Tony feels the fear coming back.
” Sam waves a paper around, even though there’s no one around to see him, “
Tony looks down at the teammate sitting by his feet, and huffs out a laugh at the sight of a young Clint Barton gnawing on a plastic ID card. He crouches down to pull it away, and the archer relents with a displeased glare. “Hey, none of that,” Tony hums. “Be a good little Barton and we’ll get you a pizza--”
“Let me guess,” Tony says. “You’ve signed us up for babysitting?”
“And I thought you were over your self-sacrificing bullshit.” Steve’s voice is loud and hard, and despite Tony’s earlier resolve not to argue and end the night in the proverbial dog house, he looks up to meet cold blue eyes.
“Yeah.”
-------------------
“Oh no, thanks,” he shakes his head. “I’ve already had more than I can count.”
"Serves you right."
“Except it is, ‘cause nothing could fuck me up this bad.”
“Sure, Tony,” the blond replies, and turns on the radio just in time to hear the opening lines of–
“Fine. But I swear to God, Rogers, if I die--”
“Shut up, you fucking meatball,” Tony laughs. “Just go already, will ya?”
“‘m sorry.”
Who’s Mom?
“This is nice.”
“Nothin’ wrong with that,” Steve runs a hand up and down his back. “I’m pretty sure everyone saw my tears at the ceremony.”
“Come on, then,” he reaches for Steve’s wrist-- it’s as warm as he remembers-- and pulls him to the elevators. His other hand still holds the teddy bear to his chest, and he brings it up to his face, smiling into the soft fur. “Hey Steve?”
And many of us are wondering: what’s it like, being teammates? Being partners…
“I knew bringing out the big guns’d work,” the soldier mutters, eyes still and dull and never wavering. “Now go hose yourself down, you stink somethin’ fierce.”
Not the sight of his team in front of him, no-- not that one. Even at knee-height and with large, pleading stares filled with more hope than he’s sure he’s ever seen, it’s not a sight that conjures anything other than fondness and a fierce surge of protection.
“Gotta wait couple more hours,” Steve says, and Tony leans in again to kiss the smirk off his face. “Just… just wanted to make sure you’re ready.”
Barton ate all my Chunky Monkey! I needed the sugar rush, remember?
“Oh god, I’m sorry,” Steve whispers into his hair, and even with Howard’s curses still beating at his brain, Tony hears his best friend clear as day.
“There you go, fighting dirty again,” he murmurs, leaning in to press his lips to Steve’s again.
tower," Tony shoots back. “So... my kitchen, my rules."
We weren’t sure we’d be able to get the both of you.
“‘m not a duck!” Clint glowers. “‘m a
turn to start. “I’m-- excuse me?”
He’s returning the kiss before he even realizes-- it’s a reflex at this point, really, because there will never be a time where he has Tony’s lips on his and he won’t kiss back-- but pulls away with a grimace a second later.
She makes her way back minutes later— feeling far more refreshed and conscious than before— to a full but pleasantly quiet kitchen, and she hops up onto the last empty stool with a content smile. Next to her, Barnes is tiredly poking at a bite-sized piece of syrup-drenched pancake with half-lidded eyes, and on his other side, Barton is too busy stuffing his cheeks with his own bits of breakfast to notice. Thor, Bruce, and Sam mumble quietly to each other across from them, and standing over by the coffee maker, Tony rocks a still-smiling Natasha and spares each of them a watchful but affectionate glance.
“And then maybe I will invite you for lunch, but I will let you foot the bill since I probably will forget my wallet ‘cause the nerves, since I can’t believe this wonderful man invited me for a coffee and it makes me so happy and clumsy that I would forget my stupid wallet just like my boss”
It’s after T’challa comes for him that he can leave the armor, he looks at his wrist remembering the burning and find it blank, there is no name…Steve Rogers is erased from his skin leaving his wrist clean in a way he didn’t remember.
“Already on it”
“You trust too much”
There was Peter and after him were Sam and Kamala, all them so young, so eager to do the right thing…to save people.
The only time he tried to speak about it the other person fell sleep, he didn’t judge him but he wondered if Bruce hadn’t fell sleep that time, he would have helped Tony or it would be worse.
“Boss your 12 o clock is here” FRIDAY announced.
at that hour,
Tony must be dreaming, there was no other way that Steve Rogers was asking him out.
“We present an initiative, one of some of you I am sure already heard of it, The Avengers Initiative, though with some changes”
So, he felt his knees weakened at his first step in the Earth. To see Steve run at him, to see him for the first time in two years.
Tony wanted to make a world for them, one where their laws protect both, the civilians and their heroes. One where they could receive help and training; where accountability meant a fair trial.
“We will have to wait for Natasha or his Highness for more information then” Wanda said.
and as long as you live it will be in your arms
“He chose, Tony” She answered him, “He knew the risks”
“And for your information, I had never made peace with their death, with my Mom’s death; I’ve always blamed Dad for her death now I know that he didn’t kill her driving drunk it was just for being with him, that’s something I guess”
He touched with care their little heads,
The thing was that it was his best friend’s wedding and said friend had chose him as his best man (a total surprise if you asked Tony about it), the runner-up was Bucky Barnes, childhood friend and brother-in-arms, so Steve picking Tony left the man out of depth.
“I don’t doubt that he still feels a great affection for you, but it was not what it had been”
“It will be worthy Mr. Stark”
But being shouted at, was not what it made his day horrible, nop, it came after that episode.
It was exhausting to keep hating, to wake up shouting the name of a person long gone from his life,
But, all habits were hard to disappear and Tony often cached himself tracing a penmanship that wasn’t longer there, weeks after the fight in Siberia, in those long meetings trying to fix the mess that the battle left, just…just trying to reach an agreement and made the Sokovia Accords something worth it. Worth losing his teammates, because otherwise he’ll go crazy.
He searched in the glove box for another black AmEx, with how careless his boss seemed of the money, he thought opportune to have some kind of back up in all his cars. It was not like it would hurt him to have some more cards, he certainly could maintain them.
Sometimes he wondered what he did wrong for Steve’s reluctance to talk.
A life without Steve Rogers as his soulmate.
“Then what do you propose, Mr. Stark?”
“The table of Mr. Rogers” Tony simple said to the waiter giving him the credit card.
There were heroes that didn’t want anything to do with the Government, but they accepted to read their proposal. They were willing to compromise in order to satisfy some of his demands.
Tony glared at the man until he abandoned his office, he still didn’t trust Ross like the other Ross in his life, he didn’t like all the mystery and uncalled help. That man had his own agenda, Tony was sure of that. What could Ross gain of all of this? That question was what bugged Tony the most.
There is the memory of the first time that Steve told him that he loved him, but Tony can’t remember the last time Steve repeated it.
Tony loved him since the beginning, before they have met…after the first story about Steve Rogers (the kid from Brooklyn) that his Aunt Peggy had told him.
He could see her rimmed red eyes, the tense lines around her eyes and mouth, how the light in her eyes diminished every time he returned from a mission with the Avengers. How being Iron Mas was consuming her and how not being was killing him.
So Tony found himself catching a glimpse of his boss date, an stunning brunet with red lips; the kind of woman that seemed perfect for Mr. Rogers, not the usual bimbo, no this woman looked like someone efficient and in perfect control of herself and whatever else she wanted, she had a pair of intelligent brown eyes bright with wit and sense, also she had a nicely shaped body…but Tony doubts that was the reason that Mr. Rogers was dating that woman.
Natasha doesn’t say anything to that retort, but she takes Stevie from him and that causes that the little blond starts to sob; Tony hurries up FRIDAY, his eardrums are still recuperating for the early outburst, he doesn’t want a repetition.
Then he went an called the rest of the Avengers to fight with their friends (with other Avengers), because they had to save the world, to stop those five Winter Soldiers… to clean Bucky’s name.
He still could hear the broken tone filled with defeat and wanted to scream and told that infuriating mind that he still was his friend.
Mr. Rogers laughed at that, and Tony cursed him for having a ridiculous imperfect dorky laugh that seemed perfect to him.
“You aren’t dreaming” Steve said blushing, he was adorable and he had to be talking aloud, “Yeah, you are…also thank you I think that you adorable too”
, smiling when the puppies kept head-butting his hand for more attention, they were cute and lively enough to discard a serious disease, so the visit to the Vet could wait until tomorrow at a more decent hour.
Yesterday Mr. Rogers told him to reserve a table on a luxurious French restaurant in the heart of the city, something intimate and as far as possible of the paparazzi. And that in Mr. Rogers’ language meant a date with his new paramour.
“I am really sorry Tony, but I swear it that he told me that he wanted a date for tomorrow, not today”
“Are you sure, Mr. Stark?” the secretary asked.
Whimpers could be heard even with the rain falling without mercy, whimpers from a box that cached his attention. Now hearing it and not only seeing, he couldn’t ignore it even if he wanted. Whatever, he checked his phone for the hour, 00:05, officially a new day…so his odds were good.
cellphone that Cap sent him and Tony didn’t know what to think, he has spent some hours here and there thinking about its meaning, he had thought about call him but that impulse didn’t last long; at least not when he remembered about Steve lying to him, about his teammates in the RAFT and those that didn’t want to be found. When he remembered why there were not more Avengers.
“With great power comes great responsibility” Peter said, “That was one of the favorite phrases of my Uncle” he explained to him, the boy didn’t see him at the eyes preferring playing with his long sleeve shirt, “He said it for last time a little after I acquired my powers and he died.”
“Bingo” he said quietly when two heads of rather scrawny puppies peeped up from the box, “hey there, um, boys?”
He run at the door after that, he was a coward even if Barnes thought the contrary. Maybe he had the courage to say something about his feelings, but he was not brave enough to stay and hear Steve’s answer.
Steve stared at his phone with conflicted feelings, he passed his index finger of his right hand at the sides of the piece of technology, waiting for a call he was not sure he would ever receive. Waiting for words but he didn’t know what kind of them he hoped to receive.
“No, not really” Cheeky, full of himself, just like Tony Stark.
In Maria Stark’s grave now lies a beautiful bouquet of white lilies, her favorites.
And he collapsed.
“It’s not money and neither the rest, Mr. Rogers” Tony finally said, “It’s only that I need to leave”
Tony glared at the cellphone for minutes here and there and asked himself about the reason of why Rogers sent him that. He had read the letter a couple of times, more like hundreds of times, but he didn’t dare to believe what the missive said.
of the heart where I have roots,
The thing was that even he that could hack everything that he put his mind on, he couldn’t discover the mistake in Steve’s story. After being betrayed regularly, he is not so dumb to not do some research of his new acquaintance. More if Tony wanted them to being around him more than once. But Steve Rogers had come clean on the background check.
for I shall already have forgotten you.
“Kill me please”
“Let him pass”
Also there was a high chance that Steve was Bucky Barnes’ lover. James Buchanan Barnes who was Tony’s partner in the MIT’s laboratory, or more exactly his charge since he was the graduate student supervising that lab ¾ironic, they put in charge someone who wasn’t interested in leading or having more responsibilities¾, but he didn’t like all that formalism, so all the undergraduates were buddies (
“Good job” he told them when Tony didn’t see him
It could be that when he was a CEO himself they would meet again, but now as equals, inclusive they could make deals…even if he wanted to concentrate in Green Energy and not the Medical that RI was focused.
. That
Fights usually came with collateral damage, not only from the bad guy, but some of them from their heroes. How could a normal person understand the death of a loved one? A death caused for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, death that was from a mistake for a carelessness of one of the team.
in me all that fire is repeated,
that always said what his lover thought) told him that.
They were his friends too (even if he didn’t know two of them, gosh, where the heck did Tony find that kid?) he didn’t want to fight.
She also read the new Avengers Initiative, Carol took her time but finally mailed Tony to schedule a date and talk about his proposal together.
almost inexistent) crush he had been harboring for the almost entirely all the time of their friendship with Steve; that hopeless feeling that was born with Steve’s ridiculous
But it was not enough; Tony never seems to be sufficient.
An incoming call comes from his own phone and Sharon Carter tells him that Aunt Peggy is dead. His world crumbles a little more, another piece falls and he is alone to deal with it; his soulmate is already in a quinjet flying toward London so lost in his own sorrow that he does not remember that he has another person who he can share it with, Steve lost his girl, Tony lost the last member of his family.
But maybe Pepper’s words had a ring of true in them. Could be why this damn fight hurt too much for being simple friends.
He tended to avoid emotional problems, put in front of him some machine to fix or a mathematical problem, tell him to find a solution to the Global warm or build a architectural marvel, he would do all of them; although if you hinted for him to talk about his feelings he would avoid it with all his might. He was telling the true in his MIT presentation, he could have said a lot of things that day but he told them nothing. He saw his parents as eternal beings, the form a son or daughter tended to do…it sounds impossible to hear that your parents could die at least not until you have your own, until much later in your life.
Betraying it’s common he ought to remember that.
possessed some of his adult counterpart super soldier serum, Bruce needs to take some blood to confirm that; also the AIM thug talked easily after a session with Natasha, thus now they knew it would be temporal, the rough esteem went from a day to three. Bruce’s blood analysis will help with that, if Stevie lets go of his boot sometime today.
It is still there and Steve breaths a little better; there isn’t discolorations or signs of decaying. He picks up the flip phone again and dials the only number it has programmed.
“I am sorry Tony”
They fight, Tony wants to kill his parent murderer all logic disappeared and is replaced with grief and visceral anger. It doesn’t matter that he has to pass through his soulmate to get him, he wants revenge like anything else.
“Don’t worry, also don’t make that call, you could drive” Rogers said smiling, “I have to return to the office to sign more paperwork, haven’t I?”
There was an awkward silence…Tony was not good with feelings and people insisted in talking to him about them. But Peter is young, so painfully young for the kind of living that the Avengers had; however, the boy needed them and Tony wanted to protect him.
He is tired and when Steve changes the trajectory towards the Arc Reactor, Tony can feel his heart breaks like the power source.
“So it does mean that I lost him forever” Steve said with a defeated tone.
“No, it isn’t” Tony accepts.
Tony sometimes dreamed with eyes so blue like the sky and smiles that shined like the sun at noon. He woke up from those dreams with the sensation of a fresh essence in his nostrils and relaxed in a way that only seldom times he could achieve.
He sent Tony the letter and the flip phone hopping that it would be the first step to mend their relationship.
Tony dreamed with the sound of her heels and the wheels of her suitcase leaving their home. But some part of himself ¾an ugly one¾ feels free, he could be Iron Man again without excuse, he could return with his team. He could protect people.
) for him. Bucky was a good person, a perfect match for someone amazing like Steve.
’ whispered in the nights before he went to sleep and she didn’t have a gala, all the kisses and ‘
“It was my choice, it wasn’t your fault”
That damned video.
“I wanted to save the world” Tony said to his father’s gravestone, “I wanted to do the right thing, but I don’t know what the right thing is anymore”
So Tony complied and reserved the perfect place and arranged his schedule according, what he did not anticipated was the driver being sick as a dog.
He grieves again and asks himself if it will ever stop, he traces the familiar patter of that man’s name, over and over on a blank wrist. He wonders if Steve feels hollow like him, if loosing his name hurts to him, like it’s killing Tony.
, to resolve this ridiculous situation like adults.
He would have better never trust Steve after all.
Because Steve Rogers is a genius for business, young with only 26 years old, charismatic, cunning and handsome. He took the reins of RI a couple of years ago after his father decided to retire, and in that time he placed RI on the Fortune 500 list single handed. And he mentioned that Rogers is hot, because he is.
So his actual situation, he is not a CEO not for lack of want, more like the legal system and the Government campaigns to help the start up was so tangled and restricting, that instead of helping it was blocking his advances. Even when he went with his proposal to private investors they were more difficult to crack than he imagined, though, he is suspicious of Howard. His father is prone to use his contacts to make it more difficult for him, he could be using his influence trying to teach him a lesson and making him return begging for another chance.
Steve seems genuinely conflicted and something in his eyes shines with repentance, like he is sorry for what he is doing. It’s a lie.
“So you didn’t agree with the Accords” He wasn’t asking her, “Which was something that will protect normal people and keep us in control”
He wanted to be next to his lover again, fighting side by side, he would have liked to take that olive branch, but Tony’s methods were still wrong and Steve forgot to trust him. If he did that to Wanda, what would he do to Bucky?
Tony sighed and pressed his nasal septum in order to prevent the headache that this conversation was causing him. He observed Everett Ross who was sitting in front of him trying to see what was his game; Tony didn’t have the opportunity to know more about the man during well what the Government had denominated ‘Civil War’, he just knew that the man ¾lawyer whatever he was¾ was the liaison and principal interrogator in the case against Barnes. Though, FRIDAY discovered an interesting connection of the man with Wakanda.
in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten,
“Sorry boss, are you ready to depart?”
There was a package curiously sent via FedEx than the usual messenger from Stark Industries, it had passports for her and the children, some credit cards and an envelope with a lot of hundreds.
Also part of his mood was thanked to the tiny (
(Cassie, Johnson’s assistant, called him apologizing when she heard about the spectacle that her boss mounted outside the CEO’s office.
Ms. Lewis, ‘
that passes through my life,
When he decided to send the package he didn’t think more of it, really, Steve didn’t expect anything from Tony, he just wanted to say sorry for not telling him the true about his parents death; however, he was not sorry for not signing the Accords, for not compromising his beliefs, his values, his dignity as citizen of the USA, for not renouncing to his freedom. Yes, Steve regretted that all finished like that and his teammates had to choose between them, that the rest decided to sign and left them.
But then the Winter Soldier escapes,
His nightmares had a lot of sources: sometimes it could be Afghanistan, other times Obadiah, for a time the wormhole was the principal and with it the anxiety attacks, then it was Aldrich and Pepper falling, after Wanda it was his team death that still remained, Ultron.
But today he would lose Steve forever, so maybe he was not really feeling nervous and he was more sad and worried than anything else.
Tony didn’t know a fuck about taking care of puppies, but he just couldn’t leave them in that storm waiting for dead; he wasn’t so heartless.
Wanda was silent watching her teammates discuss the contents of this new proposal, all them sporting the same range of emotions from bitterness to anger, talking in circles about the same things. It was a little tiring, after months of hearing them complain and they being stranded here it was exhausting. She changed of jail from the Avengers Complex, the RAFT and now Wakanda; Wanda wondered if Cap saw it as that.
Sorry for the wait, real life was being difficult, hope you enjoy the chapter.
He was a futurist after all.
if each day,
At some point Tony tries to maintain eye contact with Steve, but he receives a text and leaves the room without explanation. Another feeling unusually quiet pass…it’s grief.
He did present his resignation letter the next morning, the secretary that received it looked at him with surprise. Tony imagined that with the salary and all the benefits, it was uncommon for someone to resign instead of being fired.
“Yep” he only confirmed but not elaborated ignoring the curious expression in the other.
“They were more well-behaved than I expected” Jarvis commented when he came for his bi-monthly check up.
>>“You are telling us to fight your wars and bleed for you and your political agendas” Tony paused taking air and seeing each member of the Committee, “Then we have a disagreement, we didn’t sign to that…we sign for an opportunity to reach a compromise not to turn us in your watch dogs.”
if little by little you stop loving me
“Whatever he is proposing it didn’t change the fact that the control is in hands of the UN, a new name and more specifications don’t make it different from its predecessor” Steve declared with a sour face, “They still wanted us as their attack dogs”
was this blond, blue-eyed, gorgeous man who would be his forever; he not only has the physical appeal ¾totally his type¾, but also he has the personality. He is so inherently good, always trying to help other people, fighting for what it’s right and defending who can’t, all of that plus a sassy mouth and surprising mischievousness, and dorky tendencies that he can’t hide. Tony has met his match, but all of it was a lie.
He felt the same every time Steve smiled at him with proud in every line of his face. That usually made him uncomfortable after some minutes and he didn’t know why.
“Your group is a menace” A old man with a severe problem of baldness interceded, “You need to be watched”
Everybody betrays or leaves him at the end. It was naïve of him for thinking otherwise.
Meeting Steve was like breathing after being a long time underwater, it was exhilarating and it made him feel alive again.
If this woman could make Mr. Rogers smile like that, then Tony could leave in peace. The blond would have her and with another competent PA he would be good, he wouldn’t miss Tony, and that was good, because Tony would try his hardest to forget him and concentrate in building his own empire.
He is furious, with himself and with Steve, but self-deprecation still works and he hates himself a little bit more; because Tony could have prevented it, or at least he could have tried harder to make Steve listen.
“Why?” Mr. Roger asked, he almost sounded distraught.
Those vigilantes needed someone who knew what to do, they couldn’t go unsupervised, they were weapons and as that they need to be registered, studied and put in an optimal function considering its abilities.
Rhodey told him he looked like he gained more muscular tone ¾though, Tony suspected that his friend didn’t wanted to say ‘chubby’ ¾, his best friend fell in love with Buddy and Bailey, he wanted one. Tony refused.
Bailey liked to eat lying and slowly, her brother on the other hand ate as fast as he could and always wanted more, he was like a black hole. Tony had to program an alarm to remember to feed them and while he did it, he also ate. It was a win-win situation.
my love feeds on your love, beloved,
Each hit is painful and the burning in his wrist worsen minute after minute but Tony does his best to ignore it. He tears Barnes’ left arm and he feels a vicious satisfaction with that, Steve increases the power of his punches but FRIDAY finishes to analyze his fight pattern. He is in the floor and Tony wishes he remains there.
He never talked about how his mother’s death have been killing him day by day for a long time until there is no more of him left to consume, how much he missed her and needed her.
He made his choice and believed that whatever price was good if he could save his best friend…
“I lost the kid.”
He was in a permanent state of bliss. He had two dogs and an amazing boyfriend.
Just like all the good things in Tony’s life, this ¾Buddy and Bailey in his life¾ didn’t last.
It was his last line of defense against his hopeless crush. Tony was afraid to call him by his name and fall more for him.
He stares at the flip-phone and checks at the contact, he takes a photo of his blank wrist at sends it.
Steve didn’t understand why they’ve chose those convoluted politics but he respected their choice, at least they believed in their cause and he was sure that even if now they respond to another they would still save people. That was their real work…to protect the little guy.
So here I am, I won't call quotes of the movie in what I wrote here...because they are not, 'cause I am terrible in remembering word by word without hearing at least five times?, but I tended to keep the feelings that they gave me in that moment. Thus I hope you can deal with that.
He still goes to the RAFT that excuse of prison that Ross will paid later for daring to put their team in it. That was never the plan and the Accords established a fair trial before imprisonment.
“Thomas was indisposed sir, I can make a call to asking for another driver… but I am sorry, but after Mr. Johnson interruption we will be late for your ‘appointment’” Tony said in the most regretful tone that he could muster.
“Stark likes to play being God and deciding what it’s the best for everyone, without hearing our opinions with him backstabbing his teammates without care” Clint said bitterly, “Didn’t really surprise me that he is still promoting those damn Accords”
“Ah, that is okay…if that was what you want, then I couldn’t say anything more to convince you to not leave”
They lost.
Tony is not sure where this situation leaves their relationship, if after this they will still have some resemblance of it.
He did not propose to anybody, but he touched his wrist after the press conference and wished for what he still did not know.
Anthony Edward Stark, all in capital letters with his other half penmanship…the same mark that appeared in his eight’s birthday.
each hour,
“That won’t be necessary” Steve refused glazing fondly at Buddy, for a second Tony felt jealous, but it was Buddy so Tony understood the fond. “It was more that, um Buddy? Found me.”
He dreamt about this moment years ago, no one believed him when he told them.
Guys it will be available for all the world...and I want to see it again.
In the first place he just left the University’s laboratory because he was starving since he couldn’t eat on breakfast and at lunch he totally forgot; however, he didn’t check the hour when he got out, the supermarket was open till ten o’ clock, it was quarter past eleven when he decided to go and see if they could offer something more nutritious ¾Pepper would be so proud¾ since the vending machines near the laboratory only offered some cookies and a weird looking sandwiches, but now they seemed better than a hour ago.
Almost all of them full of regrets.
“Tony, Ms. Danvers, and I hope so”
There was Carol Danvers and Tony for the first time in months smiled.
Well he knew, but he kinds of want that Steve kept refusing.
¾his actual situation¾ but it also is not like he imagined himself two years after he got out of his father’s house and consequently renouncing to his inheritance. He naïvely believed more on the lines of being more successful than his father and having a miracle start up worthy of millions, the entrepreneur dream come reality. The harsh true, it did not happen yet, because if Tony Stark is something, it was stubborn.
“You are a good person” Vision said without seeing him, preferring to concentrate in the concoction on the stove, some Paprika dish that Tony or Rhodey would end trying, “You make mistake like the rest of the people, but the difference, like the other in our position, is that we have power and that makes our mistakes more dangerous”
He adjusted his tie for a thousand times (if Rhodey was to be believed, Tony said he was a liar who lies), he was oddly nervous; because Tony Stark was always confident and nervousness was not in his dictionary. But today he was, as his friends could see, nervous.
“This is for you, something old that was Howard’s cufflinks and something borrowed my favorite pin tie the one that you called obnoxious with his red and gold colors, good luck Steve and I’m sorry”
Maria told him about not being requited, to love too much and not receive anything.
Then the Accords happened and he lost something he hasn’t even considered having.
“So was I”
Then there was Maria Stark, mom, with smiles that brighten any place, agile fingers that could produce music that soothed his soul, warm voice that told him ‘I love you’ every time he needed it and kisses that warmed all his being. She taught him to play piano, she told him that music was similar to the mathematics that Tony loved, she told him about patience and skill, how to wait and not rush…he wasn’t very good on that. Maria taught him sacrifice and resistance, what real love had to be about; she told him to love with almost all his being, because if he gave all, he wouldn’t have anything to return to.
Maybe he wasn’t worthy of being Tony’s soulmate and the moment that the genius realized that…it was when Steve’s disappeared.
He doubted that Rogers really know what he decided to sacrifice.
“Don’t” Tony begs, he doesn’t want to hear it, “Don’t say you love me”
Tony waited patiently in the car whereas he remembered some of the best moments with his boss. There were a lot.
Today is a day that being the PA of the CEO of and International Company is not that great.
Twenty-something days in space, watching something that used to make him have panic attacks. Several of them with fever.
He would need an Advil after this talk, speaking with Ross was always headache inducing.
Because Rhodey, his
Steve excuses himself from the meeting and leaves the room wanting for privacy. His mind makes wonderings about the content of the text while he is walking towards his room.
“That was my first option, y’know, but they said they were no vacancies” Darcy explained, “But being a PA is not that bad, I know what to do, I had to work with Dr. Foster in my graduate school credits, so is no problem”
“Have you seen the news?” Sam asked serious leaving the teasing almost immediately.
“Don’t worry Cass, I trust you”
And his crush was not anymore a simple,
There were a lot of thing they didn’t know.
“I don’t need the money, I am really glad that he found his owner” the blond ducked until he was at the same height of him and Buddy, “but if you want to reward me, how about a date?”
ah my love, ah my own,
He saw red, he hadn’t thought beyond killing the man that assassinated his mother, Tony forgot about all the programming and HYDRA’s orders, he only wanted the blood of the man that strangulated Maria…the one that left him an orphan at nineteen.
He wondered if his father felt as disappointed of him as he did.
He still doesn’t.
The anger came later.
Bombs, arms all that he left when he returned from Afghanistan.
, because operating without any baseline its just as dangerous as super villains, Tony didn’t like to agree with Ross but they were not more like lousy Vigilantes. They were a lot of innocents’ deaths, as proof of that, and the tally seemed to rise after each battle. Not amount of training appeared to help on that, it wasn’t totally their fault but they hadn’t had any form to defend their actions too.
Mr. Rogers looked at him right in the eyes, those blue eyes determined and sincere, trying to transmit all his feelings.
Then Peggy died and the Government wanted to kill his best friend, the man that Steve was in debt with. He couldn’t leave Bucky alone, he had to help him and Steve hoped that Tony understood that; he already has failed his friend once, he could not repeat that, Steve wouldn’t loose his best friend again.
It wasn’t worth it. Nothing was worth losing Tony.
Did he miss them? Yeah sometimes, but it was sometimes as well that it was easier to breath without them, without fearing to disappoint them, to not be worthy enough to be in the same team as them. Okay more than sometimes and it scared him.
Tony’s eyes filled with hurt and the bond unusually quiet.
SR formed a partnership with RI and together launched a medical accessible program for the poorest communities.
“What are you trying to tell us, Mr. Stark?” A woman snapped all stern voice and glare, “You work for…”
He wants to shout, to cry, but he doesn’t have the time…there is much to deal with and the world doesn’t stop because he wants and the problems don’t solve themselves for much stubborn he is on them, Rogers doesn’t seem to grasp that concept.
However, there is something so horribly wrong with this image, because if it’s Tony’s left wrist, where is his name? The image shows a wrist free of a soulmate mark.
Tony feels fear because this Steve is not pulling anything and with each hit of his shield seems nearer to be a fatal hit. For a moment he can see the shield going down towards his neck, and he has the ridiculous impulse to say
“Tony…”Steve answers surprised, he hasn’t expected him obviously, “I though you would be all day in SI”
Steve could not understand how his
“I am sorry” Rhodey whispered in his hair hugging him with all the force he could muster, in a way that he hadn’t hug him in years and he regretted not doing it.
day a storm in spring, when the weather’s prognostic was a free-rainy day.
At his 27 years old Tony Stark got married with Steve Rogers.
“What makes a bond to…” he couldn’t finish his question, he didn’t really want to now the answer.
“The number you are trying to call is unreachable…”
He recognized convoluted politics miles away and he did know the game after decades playing it. He told the congress assclowns a couple of years ago. That’s why he knew that he had to sign the damned accord…
Aunt Peggy taught him how to shot and present himself in front of others, about how to be brave and never let something like sex or social condition or whatever media picked up to hate, define him or construct his judgment towards someone else. Peggy Carter told him about being a woman in men’s territory, in trusting your instincts and choices, but hearing advice when given. Though, he was not really good with the advice thing.
“It was the only bridge”
It was the perfect love story, the cute first meeting in a little café, Steve dropping his coffee in his shirt, apologizing shyly and offering to pay the dry laundry. Tony being Tony suggesting another forms to apologize and Steve blushing while accepting to go out with him for another coffee after Tony changed his shirt. The rest of it was history and going with the same perfect pattern. Now it was obvious that all of it was a farce, a fabricated fantasy to tempt him and making him fall.
“Days, huh? That’s a first.”
Because Steve’s breath is leaving him, his heart’s slowing down, and Tony can’t do anything except watch the man he loves grow colder and paler.
"Where're you guys going?" Clint asks.
Steve rolls his eyes even as he blushes, but his fingers are warm when he intertwines them with Tony’s. “Ready to do this?” he asks.
“I’m quite alright, Captain,” she says softly. “Come sit with me, Antonio.”
“...Just wait ‘till next month,” Tony threatens, more than a little breathlessly.
- - - - -
Tony grins in surprise when he sees him again the following morning, and something about seeing all four of them with smiles on their faces makes Steve’s heart beat just a little bit faster for the rest of the day.
“Steve--”
And through it all, Steve fucking Rogers never fails to stay far from his head.
“How the fuck would I know?” Clint flails. “But I’m so dead, she’s gonna murder me. I gotta go, forget I was here,” he points a finger at them, then at the egg. “If she finds me, I’m coming back and killing Peter.”
] That would be what you choose to focus on.
Steve shakes his head, and reaches out to brush his fingers against Tony’s hand. “I’m not Steve Rogers without Tony Stark.”
much.”
He looks so sad, Tony can’t help but laugh. “I kid, babe, I kid.”
Stony Christmas prompt #1: “I can never look at you the same way again.”
“No problem, shortcake.”
“Hey!” Clint calls out. “Speak for yourself. Don’t drag us into this.”
-----------
Tony scoffs. “Good luck saying that to Cap’s puppy eyes,” is all he says, and Bucky takes a moment to curse said eyes before trudging over and plopping the milk gallon on the counter with a sigh.
“Now, just sit there, look pretty, and let me take care of you,” Tony continues, trying to push down the slightly irrational flare of panic from climbing up his throat at the sight of the ugly burn on the leg propped up in front of him. He has a job to do, damn it, and seeing that it’s
It’s adorable.
“Yeah?”
“God knows I miss you too,” Steve finishes softly, eyes warm and bright as they meet Tony’s.
"I remember," Steve says."
“Hey, hey,” Tony warns. “English or we walk, okay? Pass the kid along, Barnes, we don’t have all day.”
“I promise we’ll go later,” Steve whispers into his hair. “Wanna take the gang with us?”
“M’friends says I’m worse.”
Warnings: NONE.
"But mommies love you duh most," is all Clint says, and Steve sees Tony duck his head to let out a shallow breath. "Mommies care about you duh bestest, an' we don't have mommies anymore but you take care of us lots!"
“Because you… love me?” Tony asks, his breath catching on that one word.
“So what if I like them, okay?” Steve looks so pleased, he’s almost smug, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to throw another popcorn at him, rolling his eyes when Steve catches it easily with his mouth. “Don’t let Barton pick their spot-- he’ll probably hide ‘em in the back.”
Steve rolls his eyes as he enters the building, and then smiles when he hears the man’s laughter follow him inside.
“We only just met, and you’re already talking about destiny,” Steve replies, and he looks so perfect standing by the big, clear windows-- like he’s everything Tony’s never known he’s wanted-- and Tony still has no fucking clue how Steve’s voice sounds exactly like his thinking voice, but he couldn’t care less about that anymore. He’ll take what he can get.
“Doesn’t look like it.”
Steve is nodding before Tony’s even halfway through. "Shit, are you-- yeah, yes, oh my god, yes. I'll marry you sweetheart, of course I will, I'll marry the fuck out of you."
“I made you some cupcakes, though,” Steve holds them out. “If you– if you want ‘em.”
- - - - -
“You’re an idiot,” Tony sighs.
“I’m havin’ a hard time seein’ how.”
“And stubborn, so I won’t take no for an answer,” Steve finishes.
He groans and tries to push her away, but she just pats his arms down firmly. “Yep. Hurts lik’a bitch, though,” Tony says when she’s done, and when Steve sighs like a kicked puppy, he decides enough is enough.
“So you knew about it” Tony didn’t make a question.
the impalpable ash
Tony didn’t mind and liked the names, still it was hard…being responsible for another
Tony took from his pocket the small box and left at the bureau that was near to him.
Tony hears Clint’s painful jabs stoically, he doesn’t have the time to discuss with him, and he needs Sam cooperation if he wants to save Steve and Barnes.
Some of them wanted to remain anonymous, something Tony was sure General Ross would not approve. But at the end, the Secretary of Defense was not a member of the UN, Tony would sure as hell revoke any position of power from this man on their Initiative.
[tbc]
“Are you sure that you wanted to move in with me?” Tony asked, “I was hard to manage in bigger doses.”
So when the time to call Tony came, he accepted Sam’s reasons not to call him. He also forgot what he preached on the Ultron’s debacle.
“They won’t catch me” Steve whispers, he gives him another pleading glance.
Maybe she would be the one, she certainly seemed like a one, she could be the final date and turned in a steady. Tony always knew that this day would come, but he didn’t expect to hurt this much.
If you think it long and mad,
He wonders if Steve knew that he was there, he chose to sit the last row trying to pass unnoticed and went through the ceremony in calm dealing with his loss. He heard Sharon’s speech and the glances that she and Steve shared. It was when he knew that Steve wouldn’t sign the Accords.
Today was an especially difficult day, he shouted at Peter. He felt like Howard after that.
He was so fucking angry, when Steve told him that they would deal with Ultron together, he believed him and then just saw what together ended to be. Captain America decided to sacrifice all that they were, Tony sometimes wondered if Steve realized the extend of that, he would have to know.
People was afraid and when cornered it’s obvious that they would react. Laura wondered if Clint thought of that.
“But it was okay
Accords can be dammed.
Thus Tony was not so sure where Everett Ross loyalty lies. If he wanted to help the Super Heroes community or just, like it seemed the rest of the UN, wanted dog attacks for their personal agendas.
But his mother’s death was what begun the spiral of destruction that his life turned into, well at least more destructive than before. Because the only good thing about being birth in the Stark family was Maria, with her soft ‘
And it hit him, it was his last chance...after this he would have to keep quiet and tried to live as this man friend, maybe he even would be the godfather of Steve’s children or they would call him Uncle Tony. Steve would get married and he would left alone with his broken heart and what if’s. Maybe was too late, but he couldn’t bear not trying…if it failed Barnes could keep his job as best man.
Steve touches his right wrist where Tony’s name is tattooed into his soul, he has always liked to trace it with his fingers (something that he discovered share with his soulmate) the movement and the familiar pattern of Tony’s penmanship kept Steve calm and helped him to concentrate.
Steve was so handsome in his uniform, it was a sight and nearly made Tony sigh. He would deny as many times as he wanted but without a doubt he was in love with his best friend and today he would lose him to another person.
It’s not like Tony hated his job, actually it was pleasant and he gets to see how the executive office of transnational company operated; it is one of goals when he gets to establish his own is make it as big and important as he can. So he is learning with the actual benefit that his boss is hot as hell as he is competent.
Once upon a time he might have believed those words, but now he couldn’t afford it. He still had accords to emend, the UN to convince, a best friend to help and an ex-girlfriend to make rights to.
He didn’t know how he ended like this, it is not like it was bad
He just…Steve needs to believe that they will solve it, that this is not the end of their relationship, they
So today Tony was nervous for a wedding that wasn’t even his.
He is alone; Steve has lost the only thing that gives sense to his life.
“No, you are people too…but I know where they come from, you are more than us and that sometimes is scary”
He did not miss the old dynamic, his old team.
The travels were not problem either, apart from his mother, Jarvis and Rhodey, he didn’t have another person who cared or wanted his presence; and he had the opportunity to practice and picked up more languages.
And Tony was, well, Tony; that means that he didn’t have any possibility, even if he managed to talk with Steve without putting his foot in his mouth.
Scott nodded next to her.
Tony Stark wanted an organization big enough to protect the Earth.
cryogenic chamber. For a moment he wonders if it was worth it.
But he itched to return to inventing and designing the future, he was an Engineer not an Executive; he needed to put his mind and hands working in projects, loosing himself in equations and code. It was nice for a little while, he playing the role of a personal assistant, but he need bigger challenges that organize and impossible schedule or resume kilometric reports.
, , but the last didn’t went well with what she saw the last time. Stark was disconcerted seeing they there, she wasn’t able to use her powers but she could read his corporal behavior; Wanda knew better Stark after the month working together.
That Tony knew that’s why he was working on something else…in something that it was impossible for this man to have knowledge of it.
In this absurd war he lost the love of his life.
There were other noises around them but Steve’s declaration sounded amplified to him along the sounds of his heartbeat.
“I beg your pardon?” he mustn’t have heard it well.
“You will be good, Darcy is a competent PA and I will do an excellent job” Tony said with false enthusiasm, “You will not notice that I left”
Also Mr. Rogers seemed to adapt to his own peculiarities, they made an amazing team, or that was the other personnel said.
Sometimes he watched that
“Love is both selfish and selfness” Maria said with a sad smile, “It’s paradoxical”
He is talking with his team when he feels it, for a moment he has the absurd wish that what he felt was from his too quiet bond-soul; but it is the flip phone. The package was due to arrive that day, so he is surprised that Tony contacts him so soon (Steve knows Tony and he has already acknowledged how resentful the brunet can be). It s a text, it isn’t the call he was hopping…but it’s something.
There in the center of the table was Everett Ross making the same question of their last meeting, the man had a placid expression in his face immune at the sound of disagreements of several members of the UN, waiting calmly for an answer he already knew. Waiting like a good part of the Committee, of those who wanted to reach and agreement, all of them names that Tony and Natasha agreed in the possibility of being in their side…the side that wanted to save people.
He pleaded, he tried that Tony saw reason.
“Ok Stevie-o, we will go home now, you will be good…right big guy?” Tony tries to sound convinced but Stevie unimpressed stare is enough tell of a not good work from his part, “I didn’t sign for this”
When they were in their way to the company, Mr. Rogers talked to him for the first time since they left the restaurant.
Tony was a professional, a businessman, he made his relationship with her what it must have been since the start just a business transaction.
Tony had to begin consider giving another call to another investors, to stop trying to delay his dream. He knew that they were more possibilities for financial help and he only remained in RI because his stupid crush in its CEO. It was a valuable experience, he couldn’t deny it, but it was pass the time that it was actual beneficial for him and turned up in being an excuse.
Just look at him, his fantastic ideas destroyed a country. They were a threat and it didn’t matter what Steve had to say, they couldn’t control themselves.
Tony couldn’t care for anything else; he just wanted to kiss Steve like all these years he had dreamt.
Sighing he decided on walking, he was already drenched so even if he did not find refuge, he would reach his apartment. At least his house was only a couple of blocks more.
, but part of him rebels with the idea to die and give him that satisfaction.
Sam must has seen something in his eyes but Tony doesn’t care in what, he thanks him and goes for his stubborn mate with all intention to help him in that suicide mission of his.
He left HHRR lighter and guilty, in part this was the next step to reach his dream but in another it was difficult to him to accept the idea that he wouldn’t see Mr. Rogers in daily basis anymore, and after yesterday ‘s talk, Tony felt worried about how his boss would take the notice.
“I am sorry, Laura” Tony said quietly, “I will fix it”
And Steve knew that there was not turning back, Tony’s eyes (
Stark Resilient took three years to enter fortune 500, and it was the leader in Green Energy.
His boss bided farewell to his date with a smile and a chaste kiss in the cheek of the woman, that somehow surprised Tony but he just marked it as another eccentricity of his boss.
Like his first day, he was introduced to this tall, blond, muscular with outstanding blue eyes and kind smile and Tony became tongued tied in his presence only having mind to return the handshake presented. Because never in his life was gifted with a smile like that, one that didn’t wanted something in return or expected something of him. It just seemed to reflect that the person who gave it to him was glad to meet him, without second intentions, and it was for Tony, not Stark. That was when Tony decided to give a chance to the PA position.
“I am an Engineer, what I love it’s not the administrative work, but inventing…finding alternatives, another ways to work a problem” Tony tried to explain, his frustration, his dreams, “It’s not that I didn’t like working for you, but it is not what I see myself doing in the future, I don’t want to became frustrated and doing poorly my job because of it”
one thing.
But they had let it pass after seeing his doped face. The date with Steve was awesome.
“Then how about you moving to R&D?”
The man could be edgy before a deadline, even anxious in some situations. However, he was always in control, he liked to know all about what happened in his life and had the ways to confront everything that was put in front of him. He had the intelligence and the meaning to do it.
“That Mr. Ross you could read in the e-mail I sent some minutes ago”
Tony persuades General Ross to let him in charge to the persecution in hopes to protect his wayward other half.
But he won’t return, his proud doesn’t permit it and also it is his dream, his own company out of the shadow of Howard Stark.
It was raining cats and dogs and he didn’t carry an umbrella, just his luck; maybe it was his fault since he started the day oversleeping, and the jinxed himself saying ‘It couldn’t be worse’, of course it could be worse… arriving late to his first class, forgetting his thesis draft, no finding his car’s key and having to take the bus, and now to finish a
crush that he is harboring towards his boss, the man was handsome and he is not blind, and when he quitted he will forget about it anyway, so no problems for his part.
“They won’t sign the Accords” Tony deadpanned.
Really, he liked James, he had this sarcastic and witty personality and even when they fought ¾and that was more common than the appropriate¾ Tony didn’t hate him, they could be like friends with more time, their personalities almost similar make it difficult and easy at the same time. But asshole calls an asshole.
if I look
I shall lift my arms
Everett Ross smirked while he got up; he arranged his suit and smoothed the inexistent wrinkles on it.
“Yes I knew” Tony deserved the truth, “And I agreed with Steve in not telling you”
Steve Rogers was such a hypocrite.
They have power and a great responsibility along with it, their life come to second to those they swear themselves to protect when they accepted the role of Avengers.
“Too late I’m already working on that…so tell me Ross what do you really want? You’re with the UN, you expect something from us for this ‘help’”
“No, I want to take you out first, if possible”
Sometimes they killed him, other ¾the worse of them¾ he killed Steve.
with you, I have been in love with you for years and now you’re getting married and I being selfish but I’ve to tell you and I’m sorry but I can be your best man because this is killing me; maybe with time I’d be your friend again but I can stay for this” Tony rambled and felt his eyes dampening, “I can see you getting married to someone else”
You know how this is:
“It must be tedious for you having a boss like me”
Tony walked leisurely towards the restaurant, trying to give his mind more time to compose himself. He didn’t know why he was so affected by this, when there were other times or more explicit glimpses of his boss love life.
Tony’s idea and Natasha’s approval, Laura was sure as she saw the coordinates masked in the package.
He left his shield, because he almost killed his other half… the love of his life with it, he didn’t deserve it.
He grieved his father’s death in a way too paradoxical to explain in public, he hated and loved Howard at the same time, what had hurt the most was not being able to demonstrate his worthiness of the Stark surname, to not obligate Howard to say that he was proud of his with his achievements. He was selfish with his Dad’s death, his ego was what hurt the most.
“Dunno,” Tony shrugs. “Buy a pinball machine? Paint room? Make a mini aquarium? Whatever, go crazy.”
“This… isn’t me,“ Tony finally admits, removing the glasses to wave them around, and
- - - - - - - - - - -
“Nope,” Steve says, and turns him around so their eyes meet. “I’ve got something better in mind.”
“I dunno what you’re talkin’ about, Edward.”
“Don’t think I could stop you from that even if I wanted to,” Tony huffs, smiling into Steve’s sweater as the blond laughs into his hair.
“I’m sure as hell not doing this for anyone else.”
“It’s all online, you’ll get them by tomorrow. Oh my god, Tony, you’re going love having a cat,” she squeals, with a happy little jump.
His mom pulls him close, and cups his face. “Listen to me: no matter what you do, no matter what you say,” she says fiercely. Her eyes are blazing even as they burn with tears. “Anthony Edward Stark, I will always love you, do you hear me?”
Steve doesn’t look away from the screen. “In about a minute, I’ll be calling you a loser!”
“How did I end up here?” the blond sighs.
“Our kids?” Steve asks, and hears the brunet let out something that could almost be a chuckle, soft and stilted as it is.
“Sure,” he replies, hopping onto a stool with a quiet groan. “How’re you liking your room?”
“Yell, scream, say
“At ease, soldier,” Tony says, moving to stand beside Steve. “I’ll go back to schmoozing eventually.”
“Well, you’re halfway to that already.”
“And here I thought it was Edward,” Steve waves the patient chart with a smirk of his own.
“Yeah, you’d like that, wouldn’t you?” Tony sneers. “Well, you’re gonna have to pry it from my cold, dead hands.”
“Who’s the more foolish, the fool, or the fool who follows him?” Steve raises his eyebrows.
“Only with you, Shellhead,” Steve winks, and walks the rest of the steps to the next door. “But please remember to play nice in there.”
“I can’t!”
“I carried
"I already did.” Steve’s chuckle is more than a little watery, but Tony doesn’t care. “Oh my god, I love you."
“Where’d you wanna put yours?” Tony hears, warm and low and close in his ear, and he pops kernel in his mouth as he turns and finds a tiny Cap and Iron Man staring at him, and beyond them, Steve’s soft, playful grin.
Tony barely moves, but the rough groan that leaves him lets Steve know he’s been heard.
“And I love you,” Steve says, “but if you wake her up, I want a divorce.”
. “If you want, obviously? And if you’re not busy. It’s only Brooklyn, so it’s pretty safe, you don’t have to worry about--”
As long as the Captain is there.
“I wouldn’t dream of it,
Clint groans, and smacks Sam on the arm. “You’re so fucking blind, Jesus Christ, dude! Wilson, tell him he’s blind.”
Steve just tugs him closer, and Pepper feels something fall into place when Tony smiles into his Captain’s chest.
Except this time, because there’s no sign of him.
“Fine, you want reasons? I’ll give ‘em to ya,” Steve says, and then gets down on one knee. Tony makes a sound between a sigh and a sob, but doesn’t run away, so Steve takes it as a good sigh. “I wanna marry you because you’re the most amazing person I’m ever gonna know. I wanna marry you because you’re my partner in every way that will ever matter, and I don’t want that to change. I wanna marry you because you make me a better man, a better hero. I wanna marry you because for the rest of my life, I don’t wanna wake up next to anyone else. I don’t want to sleep or kiss or fight, or make love to anyone else. I wanna marry you because I wanna be your husband more than I’ve ever wanted to be anything else. I wanna marry you because I want you to be mine, and I want the whole damn world to know it. I wanna marry you because... because you gave me a home. You
“Okay.”
“I already am, Red,” Tony replies around a sated smirk as he caresses a particularly deep mark with a finger. “Pretty damn often, in fact–”
“He’s– he’s not my boyfriend,” he says, even as he catches Tony’s eye and returns the wave sent his way.
“Nope. No peeking.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Fine, fine, you cornball. Lemme just… There. Saved. Now scoot over, will you?”
“I knew I could count on you,” Steve smiles, pulling Tony this way and that as they begin swaying to the music. There’s more than one eye glancing their way– Pepper’s, too, and the rest of the gang’s– but neither of them pay them any mind.
Tony furrows his brow. “My what?”
“— but...
“Steve--”
“Me too,” Steve admits, and doesn’t care that he’s probably grinning like an idiot.
, he’s almost afraid to ask.
“No problem,” the man smirks, holding out a handful of napkins. “Not much left in there, lucky for you.”
The plastic tupperware in his hand feels unusually heavy as he carries with him through the school halls the next morning, and it’s almost a relief when he spots Tony leaning against his locker, chuckling at something on his phone. Steve squares his shoulders, takes a breath, and makes his way up to him.
“Hey, now. You’re a little heavier, Tony.”
“Zip it,” Steve grumbles, and then presents the now giant, singular sleeping bag. “Alright, get back in.”
Steve’s laughter sounds even better than it did last night. “Nice to see you, too.”
“Fine,” Tony rolls his eyes. “How do you like your floor?”
“I’d rather just have you back.”
“But I don’t...” Tony swings open cabinets when they get to the kitchen. “We gotta find some food first, tater tot.”
“Stark,” Tony shakes his head, “but that name’s reserved for the old man. You can call me Tony.”
Tony shakes his head. “Mom, I can’t-- we can’t talk about that. Time travel--tricky bitch.”
Steve’s smile grows. “That’s why I did it. And it was worth Vice Principal Coulson’s phone call to my Ma.”
“The truth is... I’m looking forward to moving.”
Remy gives one short, loud yip, and licks the tip of Steve’s noise, sending half the room into various states of groaning.
“Cinnamon?” Tony finally speaks up.
“Should I pinch you to prove otherwise?”
“Figured it wouldn’t hurt to pop in and see my favorite Elf, though.”
hands, and Steve lets out a heavy breath when his eyes meet Tony’s.
Warnings: NONE.
“I’m good, I’m fine,” he nods, patting Steve’s shoulder with a practiced grin. “Go get ‘em, tiger, yeah?”
Steve sends Tony a wink, and then sighs dramatically. “I wonder what I’m gonna do with all those pancakes I made, then.”
I feel the same way. Are you a fan of Hawaiian?
“Well, that’s a bore.”
“The things I do for you…” Steve calls out, but Tony can hear the fondness in his voice as he walks away.
“Whatever you say,” Tony coos, patting his cheek before pulling back. “So, Mr. Man-With-A-Plan, think you can find some space under there for these babies?”
"Nope, no whining," Stark tuts, pushing Steve down until his head hits the pillow.
“Well, now they will. And if they give you shit, I’ll knock every one of ‘em out, alright?”
” She sings. “
“Seriously, Steve... Isn’t there-- isn’t there anything you wanna do here? I’ll... just, just say the word. I’ll make it happen. What do you want?”
“You’d better,” Tony says “But until then,” he stands up, putting the last touches on Steve’s bandage. “Try to take it easy. Again. As pretty as your face is, I’d prefer not to find you in one of these rooms any time soon.”
“Ab--absolu... yep. Jus’ one, pretty please?” Tony asks, drawing out the last syllable.
“--into the fucking cold, with all these people--”
“I don’t care if the whole world knows it, either.”
God, Steve wants to kiss him more than he’s ever wanted to do anything in his life. “Okay,” is all he can say.
“Tin can?” Tony deadpans, but his eyes soften as they meet Steve’s. In the morning light, he looks so beautiful that it takes Steve’s breath away, and he almost leans in to kiss Tony again.
The shaggy haired brunet sitting in the chair next to him shrugs his shoulders, and then winces when he ends up jostling said arm. “It’s better. Still hurts like a motherfucker, though.”
Steve whimpers one second, and then the next, he palms the back of Tony’s head to bring their lips together. It’s soft and slow, and everything they both live for when they’re together, but there’s also an intensity that’s never been there before.
“I’ve already got half of them ready, honey. You’re gonna be a mess at the altar.”
“It’s fine if you’re not.”
“We can share,” Tony gives him a smile as he holds the plush out, and Steve shuffles closer until the toy is squished in between them.
,” Blondie growls over his shoulder. “I will throw you out this room myself.”
"I do plenty well too, thank you very much."
- - - - -
“I swear to Christ, man, if you stare at any harder, he’s gonna notice eventually.”
] I could use it as a plate when I catch fish.
Tony chuckles. “Gonna shut me up, then?”
” Tony replies. “
“Let’s never do that again.”
Steve’s blush is as beautiful as ever. “Th-thanks.”
“Yeah?” Steve whispers. He doesn’t look away from Tony’s lips.
“You’re so gone, it’s not even funny,” Clint crows, but when Steve grins at him after taking a bite, all dimpled cheeks and pastrami hanging from the corner of his mouth, Tony’s pretty sure he might not even mind.
“Trust fall exercises?” Tony asks, and yelps when Steve whacks his arm as they make their way into their bedroom. They part ways to go to their respective dressers, and if Tony holds off on pulling out his clothes to stare at Steve through the mirror– he’s still sated from their long, luxurious bout in their shower, but when Steve lets the ridiculously small towel fall from his hips, the flash of want that runs down Tony’s spine is no less strong– he doesn’t think anyone could ever blame him.
“Steve,” Tony says again, but the blond just shakes his head.
"Tony."
“With extra pineapple?”
“So ungrateful, God... Next time, I’ll leave you to the wolves,” he mutters around a mouthful of meat and cheese.
“That branch right there!”
The cat is cute, stumbling on top of his counter on his short, stumpy little legs, and those eyes-- big, green, and already too smart for his own good-- are almost too big for his face
Barnes curses.
“I’ll let you pick the spot for our bed.”
“Of course you did, darling,” Tony laughs. “All my ideas are good.”
“Where’s Ma?”
“Sounds good? Yes? Okay,” Tony claps. “We’ll be leaving now.”
Tony’s grin is all charms and playfulness. "Of my awesome parenting?”
Now, Steve’s never met Tony Stark, but in the three weeks since he first called the station to insult Steve’s choice of songs– and after the fourth time in one week that Tony called in during Golden Oldies hour, this time to complain about how anyone could ever willingly listen to Artie Shaw, Steve was pretty convinced he was doing it on purpose– he’s thought, more than once, to ask if they could.
“There’ll be time for apologies later,” the paramedic cuts in. “He’s probably not dying, but we should still get him in the truck and get him to the doctors.”
Tony ignores the hitch in his breath, the way his heart skips a beat. “‘M fine, Steve,” he whispers, eyes falling to the blond’s lips. “But you’re lookin’ a little blue there.”
“Y'know, Stevie, it’s just a debrief,” James says a second later, casual as ever, and Natasha sighs in resignation at giving her team too much credit. “You didn’t have to go all out with the uniform.”
Tony can’t help but return the smile. “So you decide burning your leg’s the way to go.”
“Tony,” Steve walks towards him. “Maybe she’s–”
“You said that two hours ago.”
“Are... y’an a-angel?” Tony squints at the sky. Why is everything so fucking bright?
“Takes one to know one, y’know.”
“You’re welcome,” Steve replies, and when he shifts Tony’s grip until their fingers intertwine, Tony finally feels at home too.
Sexy?
He’s expecting to be met with loud, excited ruckus, but instead, he enters the living room to find the rest of his pint-sized teammates crowded into the biggest sofa, staring transfixed at the movie playing before them. Clint, perched on the back of the couch, sees them first.
“Asshole,” Tony laughs again. “You do not have them synced to your phone.”
Warnings: NONE.
“You’re so small.”
“Let me take that, then,” Steve nods at the carrier, and Tony hands it over without a word. “Now, pick her up. Just–”
“Hey, Shellhead.” His voice is rough and tired, but it’s still the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever heard.
“I love you so damn much,” Steve whispers. “Sometimes I think I’m dreamin’, baby.”
"Well, I guess I can maybe learn to share,” Tony sighs, nuzzling into Steve’s shoulder.
“You don’t know that.” Tony tries to ignore the pain that stabs his chest at the thought.
“Maybe I should stop, then?”
Tony blinks once, twice, then rolls his eyes and nods. “Can’t you get anyone else to go with you?”
“What--”
“I don’t know why we’re doing this.”
“Ridiculously eager, terrifyingly enthusiastic. Reminds me of you, actually.”
“H-he smelled’f beef’n cheese!”
“I will eat my own damn arrows if Cap’s not sulking down in his room too,” Clint says. “Go check. You guys are pathetic and y’know what? I’m outta here– keep moping if you want, I’m done.”
“See what?” a voice calls out from down the hall, and seconds later, Tony’s heart skips a beat when Steve walks in, arms lifted high over his head as he stretches languorously. There’s a sliver of soft, tan skin peeking out from under his white tee, and Tony feels that deep, familiar pang of longing burn hotter in his chest.
“Why the hell not?” Tony asks, and the tremor is his voice almost breaks Steve’s heart.
“No, baby,” Tony lifts her from her high chair. “‘Da-ddy’. Say it with me, bella-- ‘Da-ddy’.”
And then?
“This ain’t my first rodeo, Pops– we’re a rowdy bunch, the little ones. Besides, I know you and Dad’ll always come for me.”
Steve sighs, and runs a hand down his face. “Do I wanna know?”
Clint rolls his eyes. “You know Rogers would starve
"I’m happy enough watching you hold her, y'know,” Steve says. “I think I could do it for the rest of my life. ” He falls gently on the bed, turning sideways, and Tony follows wordlessly, nestling their baby between them. She squirms and whimpers for a second or two, but then falls right back to sleep with a sigh.
"I missed you,” Steve tells him, and just like that, Tony feels his body relax.
“Were you good for Mr. Rogers?”
“I’ll make you carry me piggyback this entire game, not kidding.”
It might just be the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
“Yes, tater tot?
“And Uncle Agent?” Tony joins in, winking at Steve over their daughter’s head.
“You know it won’t be real, right?
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Steve looks over at him fondly, and Tony can’t resist winking at him.
,” Steve whispers, and leans in to press their lips together.
And to make things worse, the
“An’ they hug you,” Bruce says softly, and Steve thinks his heart could break at the hints of uncertainty he hears.
When Tony wakes up on Christmas morning, he barely manages to not fall off the bed at the sight of two bright green eyes settled on a tiny face inches from his own.
weird,” Tony clarifies. “Not the, y’know, bad kind of weird.”
And that’s when he just says
Is it?
"Tough luck, toots. But look..." He pulls up another picture, this one showing Steve and their daughter sleeping face to face; there's a soft morning glow coming from beyond the frame, and their matching hair gleams golden as they share a single white, fluffy pillow. "This one? My absolute fucking favorite," he says softly.
“That’s a first,” Tony huffs.
“Why?” It slips out of Tony’s mouth before he can stop it.
"Well, I dunno about you, but I'm looking forward to a lot of things."
“Are you...” Tony swallows, and doesn’t try to hide his suddenly trembling limbs. “Are you seriously doing this?”
"...but I'm hungry," Steve whines.
“Yeah, we’ve got a number of ‘em,” the blond laughs, “including these little buds.” He gestures to the litter of golden retrievers yipping and running and doing their best to climb him as high as they can.
“T-Tony,” he says, forcing himself to breathe even though his head still feels like it’s getting tossed around inside a jar.
– and the next, every machine in the room goes off, lights blinking brighter than they’ve been all week. A room full of doctors and nurses come flooding in to shoo him out, before Tony’s mind can even register what’s happening.
“Right on time,” Steve says, and then Tony’s breath hitches when Steve’s hand finds his, their wedding rings clinking softly as their hands intertwine. “You said something about a bedroom?”
“I should throw ya over my shoulder, goddamn you,” Steve growls, words as rough as the hands holding cradling Tony’s are gentle.
we stop there,” Bruce holds up a hand. “Please.”
“Oh, god, is this…”
- - - - -
, he can see the man’s eyelashes from here. He’s even more beautiful now, if that’s possible. “Oh, and Sam and Bucky are outside-- they wanna meet you.”
He stays that way for what feels like hours, until he hears a soft hitch of breath, and then he looks up and oh god… there he is, alive and well, eyes big and blue and staring straight at him.
It takes more than a few moments for him to blink back the ridiculous sting of tears in his eyes at the words, and when he finally speaks again, his voice is steady as ever. “Back atcha, stud.”
“... Ass?”
“Mom...”
Tony pokes him on his side, and tries not to dwell too much on how he can feel Steve’s ribs. “Zip it, shrimp.”
“Tony--”
“Breathe,” Pepper orders, fingers never breaking their steady taps on her phone. “Why are you still in a bed?”
He doesn’t know where to start. The eyes, the hair, the jaw-- those fucking shoulders are a wonder and oh my god, Tony’s being held captive by this man but he really wants to
“Yeah,” he manages to say in between giggles. “You think I’m fucking crazy, don’t you?”
"Everyone?" Steve raises an eyebrow playfully, and Tony scoffs even as his heart skips a beat.
“Bossy bossy,” Tony mumbles, but breaks the seal with surprisingly steady fingers, and when he pulls out the papers inside, he doesn’t have to read beyond the first line to look up with a smile. “Guess who’s going to MIT in the fall?”
Pepper leads him towards the black car parked to the side, and Tony waves all the way there. “Bye, sunshine!” he cries, and then he’s pulled into the warm seats inside.
"Tony,
"Promise.”
“I will be,” he replies, and despite the fact that he can still feel the remnants of
Oh. Shit.
His mom’s eyes grow soft. “It’s my favorite thing to do. You’re going through a little ‘no’ phase right now too, though.  Most stubborn little soul I’ve ever met.”
“Tony, you can’t– Tony, wait!” Pepper shouts, and then both of them wince when the baby wakes with a whimper that grows to a wail. “You can’t just leave, what about your daughter?”
“--with apologies, then I’ll calm the fuck down,” Tony huffs.
Tony lets out a breathy “
March Prompt #6: “Will you marry me?”
“Can we go tree picking?”
Tony nods. “My mom, she, uh... she baked. Sometimes. Ana Jarvis, too-- the recipe’s hers,” he replies, then jerks his head at the apples. “Today, please.”
“You’d better,” Tony dusts an imaginary fleck of dust off Steve’s uniform. “‘Cause I’ll kill you myself if you don’t.”
“Except
Tony Stark is no stranger to being kidnapped.
“You’re not a fan of stargazing, though. I usually have to drag you out here,” Steve chuckles, but stops when he turns back to him. “Hey, what’s wrong?”
Steve obeys with a smile, only to hold out his spoon again less than five minutes. “Awwow! Tony, hawk!”
He almost trips on the ten steps to Steve's door, but didn't bother knocking this time, just barges in on Steve painting by the window, right next to Tony’s sneaky little Traitor Cat.
“Would you maybe wanna be just mine?”
“It’s six thirty,” Steve rolls his eyes, but burrows them further under the covers. “I think I’ll stay here today, though.”
“Jarvis,” Steve says, “your boyfriend? Or maybe he’s not, but it sounds like you really care about him.”
“‘m surprised Steve’s not in here with ya,” Bucky says, barely holding back a laugh when Tony’s cheeks turn the faintest shade of pink. “The two’f you are tied at the hip.”
“Tony–”
So he grins and breathes through the pangs of longing and the bittersweet moments that come with being friends with the man Tony's pretty sure he's been falling in love with for months. And for the most part, it's manageable.
Steve does.
Steve snorts into his pillow. “‘cept when you don’t. Like now.”
“I’m sorry, sweethearts,” Steve says. “Papa was kidding-- he thinks about you two
“Call me that again and my hand might just slip later on,” Steve says, as he sits down on the stool in front of Tony and picks up the ink needle.
“Don’t,” Tony snarls, shaking his head frantically and oh, his heart is beating like a jackhammer now because he’s been ignoring it for hours, but Barnes is here and if they start talking about it, it’ll be real and
Well.
,” Steve voice breaks, “just stand there and let anyone talk to you that way–”
“Yeah, that’s pretty fucking obvious,” he says. “But Stark Industries has a policy about paying ransoms, so—”
“Pepper,” he reads, “Rhodey... Jarvis.”
“Warm,” Steve breathes, fingers pressing softly against the circle in Tony’s chest.
In the very best way, of course.
“Captain Rogers here, Ms. Potts,” she says, a faint blush covering her cheeks, and her eyes follow Steve when he walks past her and into the office.
,” Steve says loudly, “I know.”
“Eh, you know how Rogers is, and toddlers aren’t much different than centenarians, as it turns out— I’m cursed to suffer through it. Chop, chop, Potts!”
“She said she wants chicken!” Clint shrieks, and more than one person in the room winces at the volume.
In the silence of the workshop, Steve’s soft voice easily carries across the space between them, but Tony doesn’t look away from the floating numbers in front of him. “Do I?” He asks, even though he already knows the answer.
“What? No--”
Because Steve still hasn’t forgotten every rejection from all the pretty dames back in the 40′s, hasn’t forgotten that he was never good enough, and even though he’s bigger now, and stronger and faster– even though he’s Captain America– maybe Steve Rogers still isn’t enough.
“Well yeah, that tends to happen when something almost cracks it open,” Tony says, and can’t resist reaching out with his free hand to brush his fingers against the butterfly bandage on Steve’s temple. “God, there is no way you should look this good with a gash on your head.”
“And I know I’m a mess, okay? I know it’s not always easy to… to be with me. But for some reason, that I don’t think I’ll ever be able to figure out, you’re still here. And I love you more than anything on this fucking planet
Stony Christmas prompt #28: "Just once."
Natasha’s lips quirk up in a shy smile, and she climbs off him to join the group by the tree. Tony hears Steve chuckle as the boys pass her gifts to her like an assembly line, and then the room breaks into a squealing, giggling chaos.
By the time they get back to the room, and despite the way he’d tensed up throughout the whole procedure, Tony’s a bundle of playfulness now, talking Steve’s ear off as he’s wheeled down the halls.
... So, um..."
“Oh, sorry I’m not feeding your ego like everyone else,” Steve smirks. “Your head’s already big enough as it is.”
- - - - - - - - - -
Steve holds his breath.
“Did that already--”
“You’re doin’ alright, stud,” Tony smiles again. “You didn’t misspell it, right?”
“Sorry,” Steve says sadly. “The heater’s actin’ up again...”
“‘s too late for safety pr’cautions.”
“My mistake,” she smiles down at him. “You were saying?”
“Not as often as you do with Steve,” Pepper continues.
Steve is still blurry, but his grin is almost blinding. “Tony–”
“I know,” Steve replies, smirking when his husband rolls his eyes and swats at his shoulder lazily.
“In the sheds. Don’t fuck ‘em up, alright?”
“Nope, no like. Zero like,” Tony shakes his head, and feels his traitorous heart skip a beat when he feels Steve’s laughter brushes across his face. With Steve sitting on the edge of the seat, his height is closer to Tony’s than usual; it just makes it all the more harder to ignore the crooked quirk of his lips, the bright, blue eyes dancing with mirth, or the faint Irish freckles on his cheeks and nose.
This is his team...
, should Tony’s body feel like it’s going haywire? Steve’s lips are soft and warm, and he smells like laundry and sun and freshly cut grass.
“Thanks. For, uh, coming, too.”
The chime of the bell above the door jingles some time later, but Steve doesn’t even look up from the account books. “Welcome to The Flower Pot, I’ll be with you in a sec.”
“Love you too, sweetheart,” Steve says, and presses his lips to Tony’s once more.
Stony Christmas prompt #16: "Did you think I forgot?"
