Dean’s eyes slip shut; he’s not sure how, but Cas’s shoulder always seems more comfortable than their bed. Stifling a yawn, he asks, “How many pages do you have left?”
The pain is already overwhelming, and Cas breathes shakily through it. The stars are so bright above him. He looks up at them and remembers their beginning; he’s grateful he gets to see them this last time.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas says breathlessly. He leans back, and Dean’s eyes open at the movement; he catches a flash of blue eyes, the raw intensity in them. Dean’s scrambled brain frantically thinks,
He creeps in and sets the tray down on his bedside table. Then, unable to resist, he slips back under the covers and wraps his arms around Dean. Dean stirs somewhat awake, and wiggles back into Cas with a satisfied hum.
“I’ll be back,” Cas says. He’s not sure it’s a promise he’ll be able to keep, but he’s going to do everything he can. “I’ll kill Chuck, and then I’ll come back.”
Dean has no clue how Sam knows the exact date of Dean’s one year, but isn’t surprised that he reached out—Dean leaned on him a lot when he was first getting sober. It was a strange reversal from almost fifteen years prior, but Sam handled Dean’s addiction with far more grace, kindness, and understanding than Dean had Sam’s.
“Wait.” Dean shakes his head once, like he’s breaking himself out of a trance. He takes a shaky breath and closes the space between them so that only a few inches are separating them. “Wait, I—I have to give you something. Well, uh,” Dean half-laughs, a nervous, watery sound. “Two things.”
So this one sort of sneaks up on him. He hasn’t been thinking about it, not wanting to put any real pressure on himself, but as soon as he wakes up, his very first thought is,
Dean starts Baby up and closes his eyes. For the first time in a long time, he thinks about his old hustle, how he used to tell Sam the cash came from running scams on drunk guys—Dean always figured that wasn’t technically a lie—and how he still freaks out when someone grabs the back of his head during sex. How he tries to pretend those memories aren’t there, but they are, they always are, just lurking somewhere in the back of his mind.
Cas rolls his eyes again. Loving Dean is the best part of his life, but sometimes he worries it’s a strain on his vision. “I know. Take your shirt off.”
Dean elects to ignore that request and blows his straw wrapper right at Sam anyway—it hits him in the cheek at full speed.
Dean kisses him. The angle is wrong, but Cas’s lips are soft and lovely against his. Their movement is slow, and as they kiss, the poem buzzes in Dean’s mind, lines about loving long before eternity, about longing for someone you never knew. When he pulls back, he hovers above Cas, looking at his big blue eyes, and thinks,
“It’s gonna be fine, okay?” Dean says. His hand is pressing into the wound on Cas’s chest, the mess of blood and grace leaking out endlessly. Cas is dismayed to realize that Dean’s crying. “You’re gonna be fine.”
It’s early when Sam walks into the kitchen, dressed for his run and probably looking for a healthy snack or something before he leaves. He takes one look at Dean and frowns. Dean doesn’t even bother to say anything or put on any front—he can’t hide this shit from Sam, not anymore. And it’s not like it’s particularly normal for Dean to be awake at the ass crack of dawn that Sam has deemed the optimal time for a run.
Dean takes a steadying breath, wipes his eyes with the backs of his hands. Jesus. Maybe he’s just tired. It’s been a rough few weeks: Dad hasn’t called to check in for days, Sam is upset and pissy, all of the johns have been giving him hell. Add in tonight and the blooming black eye that fucker gave him earlier, and hey, maybe Dean finally just cracked.
Dean places his hand on the small of Cas’s back to get his attention, and is immediately rewarded with one of Cas’s best smiles, soft and warm and loving. Dean grins back.
“Hold on,” Dean says, and he begins the harrowing journey across the room to the couch where Cas is bundled up. It takes a moment, but he manages to find an entrance to Cas’s little cocoon and slips in beside him. They’ve both been sick for two days, sweaty and feverish and snotty, so it’s generally pretty gross under here all pressed together. But Cas immediately leans against Dean with a contented sigh, and it’s worth it for that.
“I don’t care about that,” Dean says, a little more awake, his voice sure and strong. “I’d eat concrete if you made it for me.”
“Bitch.” And as Sam walks away, he mutters just loudly enough that he’ll hear him, “Who orders a salad at a friggin’
Cas’s smile softens. He reaches out and rucks up Dean’s sleeve to fit his hand over the scar once again. There’s that incredible buzzing warmth, a far more muffled version of what he felt last night, and it’s something Dean could sink into.
“Do you think so?” Cas tilts his head like he’s seeing into Dean’s soul, which he probably is, and Dean’s brain catches up with his mouth. What the hell? He’s not doing this, he’s not trying to fuck an angel, a male angel,
“No problem.” The knots in Dean’s stomach are unraveling, but he still feels vaguely like his head is going to explode. Looking at her, he realizes he should probably give her some kind of advice, an
As they head up the creaking porch steps to the front door, Dean thinks that probably, it’ll be better for everybody if they just pretend like this never happened.
“How does that feel? Does that feel good?” Cas breathes the words into Dean’s neck between open-mouthed kisses, like he’s tasting the sweat there. Hysterically, Dean thinks he probably is, the freak.
is the moment in which his love has reached its threshold, that it can never possibly grow any larger than this, can never be more encompassing and consuming.
Cas puts the book face-down on his chest, and tilts his head up. He’s still smiling. “Kiss me, Dean.”
“Yeah, I—” Dean makes another sound that would make a pornstar blush. “Oh my god, where did you learn to do this?”
His husband’s ensuing smile would have caused Cas to blow out all the lights in the house, were he still an angel.
“Not really,” Dean says instead. Judging by Sam’s expression, that lie doesn’t come across as particularly believable. “I just… I don’t know. We had to do some fucked-up shit as kids. It wasn’t a great way to grow up.” He feels his grip on the mug tighten—his knuckles are probably white. “And why? Just to screw with us?”
“Dean?” Cas seems a little concerned, probably at Dean’s obvious internal meltdown. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah.” One thing Cas had done right. “I picked some up at the store the other day. I know it’s your favorite.”
They sit there for a long time. Cas rocks his son gently back and forth in his arms, so grateful he thinks it might break him apart. Jack is home. He’s
Cas’s eyes move from the book and find Dean’s like they always do. His smile deepens with affection. “That’s one of my favorites.”
“What made you think about it?” Dean takes a big bite of his sandwich and fights the urge to pat himself on the back—he’s really outdone himself this time.
Dean stares at the blankets that are also his husband, and he tries to imagine what it must feel like for him right now, to have the flu for the first time ever when he’s only been human for a year and hasn’t ever been sicker than the regular common cold. He feels kind of shitty for not being more patient with Cas. If the roles were reversed, Dean would definitely be as much of an asshole as Cas is right now—actually, he’d probably be worse.
“You and I.” Cas’s hand on Dean’s arm grows more gentle, more of a touch than a grasp, as his words grow more intense. He seems almost frantic with his desire for Dean to understand what he’s trying to say. “You don’t owe me this. You don’t have to do this for me. Our… our friendship is not transactional.”
Dean nods wordlessly. The whole world has gone silent. Everything on the planet is straining to hear whatever is about to come out of Cas’s mouth.
to say, but he doesn’t know how to. So he allows himself this last look, this last chance to see the man he loves.
The next morning, he buys two breakfast sandwiches from McDonald’s, and watches Sammy devour his with a grin like Dean just handed him a million dollars.
Dean runs a hand down Jack’s back, an absent soothing gesture, and says, “Let’s get him to bed, so I can get
“What? ‘Course it is.” Dean sounds like he’s smiling, and Cas can see it in his mind’s eye, that dreamy thing that only comes out when Dean is extremely relaxed. “It’s sweet.”
Cas takes Dean’s face in his hands, and runs his thumbs gently across Dean’s cheeks as though that’s just something people casually do standing in their kitchen. His eyes are full of all his angelic might when he says, “I’m going to bring you flowers every single day, Dean Winchester.”
no longer operational. He moans as Cas thrusts again, slow and sure, like he’s been doing this with Dean for centuries, like this isn’t the first time he’s known Dean’s body so intimately. “I don’t…”
He lifts his head up, too afraid to turn around. Because he knows that voice. He knows that voice better than he knows his own, and if this is another trick, he really
?” Dean looks up at Cas with so much open trust and love that Cas is joyous with it, his grace singing out all around them. “Dude. It’s a hell yes.”
Cas opens his Coke up and takes a sip. The lake glitters all around them, and not for the first time, Dean marvels at how good his life has gotten. How perfect.
“Well, I only visited once, but it was lovely. Beautiful beyond description.” Cas frowns. “I wish you could see it.”
Dean has just enough self-control to set the bouquet down on the table before he gets his arms around Cas. He kisses his husband deep and full, intense and so stupidly in love. Cas, of course, barely misses a beat, and it’s not long before they’re completely wrapped up in each other.
Dean’s staring and staring and staring and then it clicks. Fuck. He’s been doing a pretty good job staying in denial about some of the more unsavory bits of his personal history that Cas undoubtedly knows about due to the whole, y’know, rebuilding Dean from the ground up like a shitty broken down car thing. Or at least, he has been until now. “That’s not—Cas, I don’t—” Dean doesn’t know what to say; he doesn’t
the best. She’d rub my back and sing until I fell asleep.” Dean half-laughs, tries to ignore the way his head pounds as he does so. “I’d sing for you, but I’m a little too out of it for that.”
“No, you wanna finish.” Dean doesn’t manage to stifle the next yawn. “I’m comfy here. Do your thing, read your tedious book.”
Distantly, he realizes that he’s slumped to the ground, leaning against the driver’s side door with his head in his hands.
,” Cas says. Dean is watching the storm, but he can hear the way Cas is smiling gently just from the way the words take shape in his mouth. He looks down and goes breathless. Dizzy with love, dizzy with the desire to press his mouth to Cas’s, to get so close they share every breath together. “
Cas readjusts his arms, one firm under Dean’s knees and the other careful around his shoulders. He doesn’t feel Dean’s weight, of course, but he wants to make sure Dean feels comfortable. “Are you sure?”
“I am.” Cas moves his hand to cover Dean’s, blood and grace mingling between their fingertips. The pressure is almost soothing. “Don’t argue. Please, I…” Cas closes his eyes for a moment, tries to collect himself. The tears begin to fall anyway. “Just stay here. Just stay with me.”
Dean turns on his side. The other side of the bed is still empty, despite the fact that it’s been almost an hour since Dean turned the tv off and went to bed, Cas promising that he was right behind him. Logically, Dean knows he probably just got caught up in the book he’s been reading—some mystery Eileen recommended—but he still feels uneasy without Cas beside him. With Chuck gone and Jack running the show now, there’s not much left to put them in danger; he knows that. But what can he say? Old paranoia dies hard.
“Yes sir,” Dean says. The cash in his pocket feels heavy, and he prays to God that Dad won’t push for more information or ask any questions. “I’m sorry.”
Dean thinks of the guy who bought him a drink, his easy smile, the way he’d run his hands through Dean’s hair like he was somebody worth being gentle to. Dean doesn’t know what his name is—no use for names in this business—but for once, he kind of wishes he did.
, please go give her some love for creating something so incredible and just generally being lovely!
Sam half-kicks at him under the table, and then launches immediately into an explanation as to what he thinks is going on in the next small town they’re heading for, absolutely oblivious to anything that might have happened while he was in the bathroom. Dean listens to him, throws in his own thoughts on the case, and resolutely tries to think about anything but the girl in that motel down the street, her thin arms and the dark circles under her eyes.
There was something about that guy, Dean thinks. His raw sincerity, the things he knew about Dean, the way he talked to him like they’d been talking to each other for years. It couldn’t have been, but it felt real. It felt so real.
“Um. Okay.” Dean realizes he’s still on the ground and starts scrambling to get up. He’s been rejected in more embarrassing ways, probably, but he sure can’t think of any. “Sorry, I’ll just—”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says quietly, reverently. And though it physically pains him, he takes a step back. There isn’t much time. “But I have to go now.”
“Weirdo,” Dean mutters, because that’s always his instinct when Cas is being as sweet and loving as he is right now.
“Looking good, sweetheart,” he drawls. He wastes no time coming up behind Cas and looping his arms around his waist, tucking his chin against Cas’s shoulder. Cas’s skin is warm under the thin material of his t-shirt. Dean presses his lips against the small strip of exposed skin on his shoulder.
Then, a light clicks on. Dad is sitting at the tiny table in the kitchenette, a single beer and their first aid kit in front of him. He’s fully dressed, and there’s a cut on the side of his face from eyebrow to chin, blood dripping down his face. Dean freezes.
Dean slips out of bed, toeing on his slippers and heading downstairs. The old wood creaks familiarly beneath his feet.
“I understand,” the man says. His voice is like Baby’s wheels cutting through a gravel road, rasping and easy. “This will only take a moment.”
Cas looks at it, almost overcome by the implication of what Dean is doing. “I know,” he says breathlessly.
“It’s not complicated,” Cas says nonchalantly, but he’s pleased that Dean’s enjoying himself. “Is it helping your back?”
Cas drinks in the sight of Dean in front of him, beautiful and lovely even now. There are things he should say, things he
“You won’t—you won’t, like, tell anybody about…” Dean casts around for the words. “About what I used to do, right?”
It doesn’t take long for somebody to catch his eye, to incline his head, lead Dean around to the back beside the dumpster. Dean asks for the cash upfront, because he’s not stupid, and the man doesn’t argue the point. He hands Dean the money, then clamps a hand on the top of his shoulder and pushes him down, down, down.
“It’s okay.” Dean’s voice is soft, wavering with emotion but still soothing. Cas’s grip on his soul is fraying, but he hangs onto it while he still can, listening to Dean’s voice and feeling that warm golden light. “It’s okay, Cas. I’ve got you. I’m here, and I’m not leaving. I’ve got you.”
Even if Cas had never forsaken Heaven for him, even if Dean had said yes to Michael all those years ago, even if they had never become friends and then lovers, Cas would still love him, if only because Cas himself rebuilt him. Cas—or Castiel, then—had cradled the broken shreds of Dean’s body there in the Pit, and fallen in love. He hadn’t known it yet, but as he stitched together bones and skin, as he felt the thrumming golden light of Dean’s soul, as he left his mark upon his creation, he fell in love.
Dean nods. Everything has faded into the background—Cas is all there is, his bright eyes and kind smile and grace, reaching out for Dean’s soul. “Yeah. Yeah, I can.”
on me,” Dean says, snatching a piece of bacon off of Cas’s plate before he can stop him. “Seems a little possessive, sweetheart.”
“I miss you, Jack.” His voice breaks over the words, and he takes a steadying breath. Some days are harder than others. “We all miss you so much.”
Cas’s breath hitches, and Dean watches him squeeze his eyes shut, watches the visible effort it takes for him to say, “No.”
to do, but most of the time, it was just like another shitty job. And sure, it fucked with him a little, sure, there are hang-ups he’s never been able to get over and things he has nightmares about, but he doesn’t think about it much anymore. Sammy’s safe and happy, and the world isn’t ending, and Dean’s having regular and kind of incredible sex with an angel who loves him and doesn’t give a shit about any of the stuff Dean did in his youth. He’s got some kind of fragile peace, now, so of course he doesn’t think about it. Why would he?
There’s a hand beneath him, and suddenly he’s shifting, being pulled into someone’s lap in a jolt of white-hot hurt. He cries out, and someone’s shushing him, murmuring in soft tones that are distant through the sudden agony of movement.
“Get out of the car,” Dean says, not waiting for a response before he’s slamming the door shut behind him.
They go over the edge within a few seconds of each other, like it’s a movie or something, and Dean is
He can feel Dean’s glare from here, despite his face being obscured by the bed. “You’ve gotta give that up, man. I’m not ready.”
“Just relax,” Dean whispers, gently cupping him through the thin fabric of Jimmy’s boxers. It’s kind of an insane moment, feeling him like that, warm and alive and so fucking human. It feels like Dean’s pulse is running away on him, so he exhales slowly to try and get himself back under control. Then, he looks up at Cas through his eyelashes as he goes to take his dick out. “I’ve got you.”
“Not really,” Cas sighs like the author has personally disappointed him. “It’s a little tedious, but I do want to see how it turns out.”
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand. “Congratulations,” he says warmly. “I know you worked very hard to get here. I’m proud of you.”
—is sitting at the counter and making eyes at him. She shifts in her seat, licks her lips, tucks her hair behind her ear. It’s stupidly obvious, but hey, Dean thinks—how else do you drum up business?
“You’re killing yourself, Dean!” Sam had shouted, the desperate emotion in his voice enough to make Dean wince. “I’m not going to stand by and watch you waste away after everything we did to get here!”
“You’re…” Cas can’t stop staring, soaking in every detail of the child in front of him; if this is a dream, Cas will make the most of it. “You’re your true age? And you’re human?”
Cas’s smile sweetens, like he knows what Dean is thinking. His ability to mind-read is long gone, but he always seems to know what’s going on in Dean’s head anyway.
"Hello," after a moment of hesitation he added, "Dad." John stared blankly back at him as if his words hadn't registered. Examining his youngest son more closely, recognition finally flashed in his eyes.
The relieved chuckle that got him from Cas somehow made this entire bizarre evening feel so much more real. There was a certain lightheadedness in that freedom and he didn't quite know how to deal with it.
Sam scratched his neck and tried to find an answer that didn't sound entirely insane. Mary offered him a small knowing smile.
(I know this chapter is comparatively short but I thought a short chapter is better than none at all, I might stick to this length from now on tbh)
"Yeah, it's me. I'd ask how the hell you're alive but I suppose we might know more about that than you do. Though I gotta warn you we don't know much either," he rushed out, "Are you okay? Where are you?"
Taking another swig of beer he was starting to hope Sam hadn't forgotten about him or his day might end even sadder than it started. He had to get himself together, he decided, moping in silence wasn't going to do him any good, he just had to make it until next Friday when the next campaign was scheduled, that had to get his spirits up.
John did give in eventually, even though he played it off well. "Apocalypse, huh?" He asked. "And somehow you still found the time to catch yourself a girlfriend," he scoffed.
John snapped to attention at the familiar name. "Singer?" He asked in disbelief and grimaced. The others ignored him.
The casual question might as well have been a punch in the face for Dean. It was still too painful to think about. Having intentionally glossed over how they lost Cas he cursed himself for thinking he'd get away with it and for wanting to get away with it alike. Cas deserved better.
In a tired attempt to deescalate the situation, Sam said, "Look, Dad, you're not the first person we know who got back after being a goner for a while, so we know this is probably difficult for you-"
They would all check on their neighborhoods and a few places on the way and assemble at the bunker over the following weeks. It was starting to nag on Sam's mind that he didn't know what they'd tell all of the other hunters, all they had were more questions.
"Dean-" Bobby immediately tried to argue, while Kevin seemed to have already accepted that this was happening. Smart kid.
Late in the evening, a firm knock on the front gate distracted them from their preparations for the inevitable giant hunter-gathering. But it wasn't Bobby on the other side like they had expected, or at least not Bobby alone. At an arms-length, he pushed a supremely out of it looking young prophet before him.
There is an Angel by your side as you watch tv and he is so much more real than the pages of some old diary. The world didn't want to make space for you, so you cut your place into it by force and it was well and truly worth the struggle.
"I can't imagine how hard this must be for you. You two should have had more time together," her voice was wearing thin and Deans' thoughts swam together. He agreed with her internally but he also couldn't shake the feeling that something was off about her word choice.
"Sure," Benny agreed and it seemed as if he were about to turn away when he paused. "By the way, where is your Angel?"
You haven't made a decision he would have approved off in a long time, but he isn't here. You pretend you don't know that he wouldn't approve. He doesn't know what you have faced and would have recoiled in horror if he did. Somehow you miss the simplicity he had forced on you while resenting him for it all the same. You wish you could follow one last order without questioning it and at the same time you wish you had questioned all of his orders.
Your father's voice in your head has become background noise. You taught an Angel about free will, pretending like you weren't learning of it for the first time too and you still struggle to grasp how well it worked out.
After a few minutes of wistful silence, Bobby fixed Dean with a questioning stare that didn't quite betray his intention, "The whole deal with God being the final evil must have really knocked Cas out of the game. Where is he anyway?"
Almost one week passed at the bunker in which old friends reached out to them at all odd hours of the day. They had long since moved Jack to his old room but he appeared to be in some sort of magical coma that nothing could rouse.
Dying would be an easy out, and your life was never easy. A while ago you decided that you wanted to live, peace be damned, and your Angel deserves to live more than anyone. If he stays dead then you lost after all, and failure isn't an option.
Her eyes went wide for a split second but always one with the right priorities she didn't ask any questions and promptly took off with a hasty nod. She didn't need to know that Sam had also hoped to get her away from a potential threat by sending her off.
Either you follow him into death and are finally done with all the pain, or you seek even more impossible challenges, ask for even more hurt, and try to get him back. You've done the impossible before, giving up now after you got all your hope through him for so long would be an ultimate betrayal.
He was on his second plate of leftover bacon from breakfast, Sam sitting across from him with a sandwich of some sort, when the door to the kitchen crashed open. In tumbled Jack, looking far from well. Sam and Dean were up in an instant and rushed to either side to support him. Sam tried to get his attention but Jack, breathing heavily and drifting in and out of consciousness, wouldn't react. There was no color on the boy's face, he was shaking and his eyes darted around as if he didn't see them at all.
The first person they passed up close and didn't just see in the distance caused Dean to punch Babys' steering wheel so hard that a long honk erupted out of the car's horn and the poor guy almost fell off his bike. Sam laughed heartily and they allowed themselves to feel free for a second. Granted, the people were fewer than they had expected but they had no way of knowing how long it would take Jack to bring them all back. What mattered was that they'd done it. Who cares if it would take a few days for things to go back to normal.
"Who released what? Jack? Come on!" But it was no use. "Why would I be mad? Jack, what did you do?" He whispered.
Bobby took a deep breath after the silence began to stretch on again, "okay, I'll bite. Who is Eileen?"
"I don't care if it says it's an Angel, if it's not human you kill it. I never expected you to be this weak Dean. I don't recognize the son I raised. Sam was lost from the beginning but you-"
He was vaguely aware of Sam who had choked on nothing at Marys' words and was now violently coughing. Dean's face burned with shame. As if this wasn't bad enough already, of course, Sam had to hear it too.
Dean considers it for a moment, but really Cas got him with 'real-life DnD' as his argument and he could already feel the buzz of a good game spread through him. "Deal?" He asked
Shaking his head in exasperation Sam went on, "then why do you insist on this? Jack will find something way before we do, there really is no reason-"
He felt a little steadier now that he knew that Cas wouldn't sell him out, maybe the evening wasn't bound to go wrong after all. It could hardly get any weirder than this anyways, he told himself. Sam, however, seemed to be entirely out of his depth in Dean's stead.
'What the hell', he thought and downed the rest of his beer before getting up to meet them in one smooth motion.
"I'm just trying to understand this," continued Bobby unfazed. "I know he was a good guy and your friend and from what I gather you'd have lost without him. He deserves to be brought back, no doubt," but-
That did get a genuine if startled laugh from Dean while Sam buried his face in his hands for a second having forgotten about his own throw-away comment from earlier. He quickly got over it though and turned to tell Bobby all about how wonderful Eileen was. So wonderful in fact that Dean soon had enough of it but it was good to see his little brother happy for once.
"We can't be sure," he added despite better judgment. "Jack basically thinks of Cas as his father. If there was any way at all, the kid will have tried. Maybe he'll be back." Even to his own ears, he didn't sound convinced and the uncertain faces he was met with just confirmed that.
Sam ignored the snide comment in favor of running a hand through his hair in exasperation. Every time he thought about the circumstances leading up to their situation he felt like admitting himself to a mental hospital and this instance was no different.
Silently cursing Sam's fat mouth he waited for an answer from the others, backing out now wouldn't save him either. Really it was his own fault for drawing that comparison earlier. Which was exactly why he never ever talked about feelings dammit. His brother just continued to fix Bobby with his best set of puppy eyes.
Somewhere between finding out Angels were real and fighting God himself the guy had simply stopped being scary. He was just a man, and he was killing Dean's patience. Not that he possessed much of that lately. Or in general. He took another sip of his beer and his father seemed to have finally found the words to protest his son's attitude when the kitchen door swung open again.
Maybe Bobby would drop it and accept that as usual, his Dean wasn't making any sense. Then he'd still feel like a liar but he also wouldn't have to confront the truth. Wouldn't have to confront whether the guy he practically thought of as a father would think differently of him or not.
The next person to actually show up however was their Mom. Seeing her was even more of a shock than seeing Bobby had been and they welcomed her accordingly.
He knew Bobby meant well but Sam shook him off with a sad smile. "That'll make it worse. Let him cling to whatever hope he still has for as long as he can. Then we think of something else."
"Okay, first of all not my angel," Dean corrected. Jody behind him scoffed and Sam raised an eyebrow at him but neither said anything.
"We had another world-ending scenario at our hands just about a month ago. Dean and Cas and I took care of it though, with some help. But before we were able to fix anything things got worse and God wanted to punish us, the old God not the new, and he kinda killed every single person on the planet other than Dean and me as punishment but we were able to reverse it."
Through stepped Benny, covered in dried mud and all kinds of other dirt, some of which looked suspiciously like blood, and carrying a duffle bag. Judging by his appearance he had been on the road for days, probably walked a good portion of the way too. Despite the exhaustion on his face and his tattered exterior, he broke into a wide smile when he saw them. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything," he grumbled only half-jokingly. "Kevin let me in. Told me I'd find you here."
Kevin had wisely distanced himself from the conversation a while ago. He fidgetted with his empty bottle and tried his best to make himself invisible to prevent any more awkwardness.
"Nothing is too much to get Cas back," he replied in an instant and saw his mistake in the very next second. He felt his ears redden as Sam just tilted his head in his direction as if he were waiting for further admissions.
The following morning, nothing woke them. They slept through the entire day and half of the night after that. In the early morning hours of the second day after, they met in the kitchen. Sam informed him that Eileen had left to check on some people and would be back in the evening.
Trying to shake the embarrassment he tried to come up with something else to say but when he heard Sam snicker he suddenly couldn't find it in himself to be annoyed. Whatever, as long as no one was going to stop him he could deal with the jokes. He hardly could argue their point after just having declared that he was going to bring Cas back from the dead no matter the cost. Which was what all of this panned down to in the end, he realized.
Sometimes you wonder, he has rebuilt you entirely, how is it possible that he can stand you? He's seen the inside of your head and yet he is still here. That makes you feel better than it should. Your own father could hardly stand you and yet this Angel who knows you far better than he ever did has decided to stay, he has no obligation toward you, and yet he stays. It's intoxicating, dizzying, addicting. It's too much.
"Screw my life," he mumbled under his breath before he could think better of it. He knew without looking that Sam behind him was trying his hardest not to burst into laughter. Silently vowing to kill Benny later, he not so subtly elbowed Sam in the ribs.
The brothers exchanged a look and followed him swiftly. Sam hoped his brother saw the 'thank you,' he signed his way.
He had halfway talked himself out of his sorry mood and half-emptied his second beer when Sam finally showed but he wasn't alone.
"That doesn't mean we're endlessly patient," Dean cut him off, and if that bothered Sam he kept quiet about it. "We just dealt with the latest Apocalypse, excuse us for not being too eager to deal with whatever this is," his voice was laced with equal amounts of sarcasm and venom.
"Well," he caught Cas' eye, "my condolences for knowing him I suppose." Sam joked and attempted a friendly smile in Cas' direction. Again Dean wondered how exactly they knew each other.
Only that, ironically, the thing that made you find faith again, maybe for the first time, was the Angel who lost his. He tells you he is beginning to doubt and in the most wonderful contradiction, that is what makes you believe in miracles for the first time in your life. The joy doesn't last because now he is looking to you for direction even though all your choices keep leading to misery.
You kiss him and it's the truest thing you've ever done. You're alive and praying like never before that he wants it to. A second later he kisses you back and you have no intention of ever letting him go. All the grief and pain fall off of you and all that matters are his lips against yours. Finally, finally, finally.
The further they drove, the fewer people crossed their way. Dean figured Jacks' power was the strongest where he had last been and would spread from there but that did little to lighten the mood. Unable to shake the feeling that something was off, all they could do was wait. Sam anxiously checked his phone every few seconds. Every minute or so he'd find something else to text Eileen but he never received an answer.
They pulled the two chairs by and took a seat across from John, the same way they would if they were fake FBI questioning a suspect. Sam flexed his hand and wiped the blood off on his jeans.
"Sam used to play too, but I stopped mentioning DnD and, god forbid; Larp, after he stopped cause he kept going on about how I shouldn't go overboard with the escapism. Just going along with this would probably be easier." Wishing he knew how to apply his brother's puppy eyes, he watched Cas for a reaction. He was so glad that he was buzzed, at least that presented him with an out for any stupid ideas he might regret in the morning.
"You can let go of him Bobby, he's one of the good guys. Best prophet you'll ever know," Dean joked.
After racing down one corridor after the next he finally burst open the library door. He hadn't heard any shouting but somehow the silence was worse.
So you chase the prayers out of your mind because you know the consequences, know what your father would say, know that your Angel would never listen to one of your prayers again if he knew. Yet he is always there when you ask for him and the knowledge alone is driving you insane. You wonder how much he knows but he is unreadable.
Years pass and you can't imagine life without him. You thought you'd die an alcoholic fallen to insanity and revenge, now you hardly drink and insanity doesn't bother you anymore. Sanity in a life like yours was just a lack of knowledge after all. You've lost track of how often you died or how old you are supposed to be. You have fought everything in the book and you'd do it all again. You find happiness in small moments like shared bottles of beer after a job well done or conversations with your brother that don't revolve around the end of the world.
"I know you never officially told me about your relationship. I know you probably didn't have it easy since hunters tend to be a little old fashioned but I love you Dean and I was happy to accept him in this family on your behalf and I'm sorry that I didn't say something sooner but I didn't want to pressure you. I could tell how much you two loved each other right away." She kept on talking but after that Dean could only hear the blood rushing in his ears. He froze.
You found a home in a place meant for war, a routine in a job that had none, love in a being that wasn't supposed to care, and trust in a brother you should have given up on according to your father. Everything in your life is a contradiction and it took so long, almost more strength than you had, but now you have it all.
For Sam's sake, he pretended to be doing good, like every step in the bunker wasn't a constant reminder of what was missing. Who was missing. As quiet of a person as Cas was, his absence constantly screamed at Dean out of every corner he wasn't looming in, out of every soft shuffle that turned out not to be him appearing out of nowhere.
The instant he was gone Mary turned to Sam for an explanation who shut the book he was reading with a loud thump in order to face her. "Mom, it's complicated," he said and pushed his hair back, internally cringing at his word choice.
"If there is anything true about what that vamp said, you are no better than the things we hunt. You're worse because it would have been so easy for you not to get corrupted. It was Sam, wasn't it? You always were too soft with him, even when you found out what kind of a freak he was. You should have killed him, Dean. If you had just listened to my order none of this would have happened and I wouldn't be here, hearing rumors about my son bending over for a -"
The question stopped his thought process, Dean could tell by how hesitantly he had asked that Benny must be thirsty, he seemed about to add something to the request when Jody stopped him.
One day between two cases you're on the road, in your car, with your brother, and everything is normal. Only that there is an Angel on the backseat and he is staring out the window at the nightly landscape of a city and somehow that's normal too. He is older than the city or the ground it was built on, he has seen more than all people currently living on the planet combined, and yet he chose to be there, with you, on the road. And you know you don't deserve him but you've come too far to question it now.
But brilliant and nonhuman as he is, he won't have it. So in the single most painful moment, he takes the choice away from you. He looks at you like he had expected you to say something first, hurt through years of silence. Your heart damn near fails because you can already feel the soul-deep sorrow settling over you. And he says to you everything you ever wanted to hear and never dared to hope for. And he says it to you as he dies.
To his surprise, Dean found that they were in good enough spirits to each grab a beer and relax for a few minutes before they departed for some well-deserved rest. He marveled at the fact that the two of them had come out of this alive and yet it wasn't enough. 'Cas,' he began to pray, 'if you can hear me...,'
"Didn't think I'd see your annoying face again so soon brother. Not that I'm complaining," Benny replied as Dean let go of him. Letting one hand rest on Dean's shoulder for a second before pushing him away just as Sam joined them.
You've lost him more times than you can count, you've lost yourself each time too. There is a sparkle in his eyes whenever you welcome him back because you can't stay apart, not even through death. You can see the life you want in his eyes because it's him you want. Once you picked up the habit, you never stopped praying, always to him, no matter how distant he seemed. Each prayer is followed by waves of guilt.
"And you knew he'd survive the ordeal because he's Satans kid. Right," Bobby echoed. "How old is he again?"
"I can't believe John raised you like that," she added with disgust. "You boys deserved better. That doesn't sound like the man I married at all." Sam tried his best to comfort her a little in what was probably a unique type of emotional pain caused by being resurrected twice.
With all the newly arising family problems he had almost forgotten that they weren't alone in the bunker and had to play off how startled he was to find Jody in the kitchen.
That made Dean even uneasier than he already had been. Ever since they defeated Chuck a plan had been beginning to form in the back of his mind but he hadn't allowed himself to fully formulate or voice it. Thinking about it alone made him feel guilty. But now, should it truly be up to luck, he'd go for it.
When you see his face again it's the most religious experience of your lifetime. He meets your eyes with hesitation and a decade of suppressed emotions is strangulating you. You can't speak but you have so much to say and you are done allowing yourself to hide.
Cas considered him with his trademark frown then he seemed to get it, "We're in a tavern, we just got a mission and hatched a plan." He said, and managed to sound equal parts bewildered and resigned.
Missing Cas had by now turned into a physical ache. He was vaguely aware of the comfort that having his family in the house provided and for once allowed himself to be okay with it. Even if Jack was still knocked out. Maybe Cas would just come home like the others. Maybe.
Even worse, it meant the resurrections might be coming to an end. The first flood of hunters had been a random mix including Bobby and Kevin who had been dead for a while. It seemed like a random outburst of whatever magic was bringing them back before it knew how to control itself.
Complying for the moment they ushered him to the kitchen. Dean didn't ask why they had fought before he came in, but he knew he wouldn't leave his little brother alone in the same room with that man again if he could avoid it.
"What would you do if Eileen hadn't come back?" His voice sounded hoarse even to his own ears and he tore his gaze away from Sam, unable to hold eye contact. Sam quietly got up and walked over to face him, forcing him to look up again.
His brother took a deep breath, "look, Bobby, we know you just want us to do what's right. The thing is, there are things we simply cannot accept, and when we are faced with something like that we change it. It's what we've always done. It's why we are still alive. I'm with Dean on this because I know if it was Eileen who was still gone he'd help me too. After everything, I think we are entitled to a real victory, and this isn't one until Cas is back too."
And that's the problem. The most awe-inspiring presence in your life, your source of hope, your reason to go on, is a man. An Angel, yes, but also a man. He doesn't belong here and he belongs nowhere more than here.
Preparing breakfast in silence both of them wondered about how nobody had called them still. It was eerily quiet in the bunker but each conversation one of them started sooner or later turned to the number of people they were missing. So they opted for not talking at all.
"That's hardly the same,"  Sam said carefully as if he were still deliberating the meaning behind Dean's words. His gaze searching his face for anything that Dean wasn't willing to say out loud. He could practically hear the gears turning in his brother's head, the seconds ticking away until he understood. He had to fight the panic in him, this was Sam, not John. Sam won't care, he told himself.
For the first time you wish you had sorted out this thing between you and your Angel, but that would have taken the nerves only people without an apocalypse on their hands can spare. In the end, you'll die fighting with him and for him, whether he knows or not.
Before you know it you're 42, and you are happier than you've ever been and you think about your father's diary and all the things you weren't supposed to have but you can finally no longer hear his voice.
For just a second he felt better even as he was already pushing Sam away. Chick flick moments never had helped anyone. Now Sam was wiping at his eyes too and that certainly didn't make things easier on Dean. What a mess they were.
"Dead," Sam finished for him but didn't meet anybody's eyes. The remorse in his brother's voice and the shock in Kevin's face woke Dean out of his misery, reminding him he wasn't the only one who was suffering.
Knowing he didn't stand a chance Sam attempted to undo the worst of the damage and was suddenly glad that Dean wasn't in the room. "He IS straight," he said lamely, if only out of obligation toward Dean.
No way around it, he figured, the others would find out sooner or later anyway and he was way too exhausted for lies or secret scheming. "I'll get him back," he swallowed heavily, his tone leaving no room for debate. The others snapped to attention and stared at him, safe for Sam who was already on his side. "I don't care what it takes. It's not a victory until I have him back and I'm done accepting losses. Not this time. Not him."
The door fell shut behind Eileen and John spun around, pinpointing where the noise had come from in a split second. Luckily no weapon in hand. Sam squared his shoulders and met his father in the middle of the room.
"No, Dad, that's not what this is at all. Cas is a guy and also an actual Angel of the Lord. He's a close friend of ours, what Benny meant earlier is simply that-"
"You've met?" Sam inquired as he pointed out an empty table at the back of the bar (of course the giant spotted it first).
'We need a game plan,' Dean thought before promptly stopping himself. They had to be careful too. This wasn't actually a game, he could really screw things up if he wasn't careful, he reminded himself. But putting their current situation in perspective he couldn't help but snort.
Eventually, he exchanged firm handshakes with Jody and John who had fixed him with his analytical hunter stare ever since he entered the room. Eventually, Benny gave in, dropped his duffel, and pulled by a chair on which he promptly collapsed. Rubbing one hand over his face he said, "you won't believe the shit I've seen on my way here."
This time Charlie's startled voice sounded through to him and he caught Jody's name in Sam's conversation. The next half an hour went on like that with sporadic calls from people who had been dead just a day prior. They soon got used to the weirdness of it all and cheerfully directed one person after the next to the bunker. For a while, it was easy to pretend like everything would be alright.
That night when they got back to the bunker, tired and full of relief, Eileen had been waiting for them. She practically threw herself at Sam and that was the last Dean had seen of the two for the night. Sam deserved it, he figured.
"Hello Dean," Cas said and even though his tone betrayed no emotion there did seem to be a glint of surprise in his eyes. They both glanced at Sam for an explanation who unhelpfully looked back and forth between them, seemingly just as taken aback that Cas knew Deans' name as they were about meeting in a bar, on a Tuesday night.
Dean risked a small glance at Cas who caught his eye and winked. Biting back his laughter he couldn't help but think that playing Sam like that was even more fun than a well-planned con in DnD. Even if they were just avoiding telling him about DnD by making him talk about work.
Quietly taking another sip of his beer Kevin mustered them, eventually, he shrugged, "in their defense, Gods a dick."
"Since you turned into an idiot who apparently needs to hear this every now and again," Bobby shot right back, obviously just as uncomfortable. "I'm just trying to make sure that you don't break yourself trying to fit a dead man's image. I know Cas meant a lot to you and maybe it wouldn't hurt to talk about it," he urged.
He had to say something, but how do you summarize half a life of living, fighting, and dying for and with each other in a sentence? And that was only what he'd have to explain ignoring his real feelings. "Castiel is an Angel. And a friend," he ended up saying. All other words got stuck in his throat as it finally clicked into place that the way John looked at them was the way he looked at monsters he was hunting.
"Can't die there," he continued unfazed, "I figured there was only one thing that could have happened. With how hell-bent you were on the two of you leaving together last time we were all stranded there, I wasn't even surprised." There was something like fond exasperation in his smirk when he added, "if anybody could make that happen it would be you. I just hope it didn't cost you too much brother."
He recognized the old, slightly annoyed voice in an instant. But that was impossible. He swallowed his surprise, "Bobby?" He answered, well aware of the shock in his own voice. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sam's eyes go wide.
Especially those moments when you're hardly in the picture, listening to your brother and your Angel while they think you're asleep on a particularly long drive. Your two favorite people in existence get along just fine under normal circumstances and there is nothing that can quite match that happiness.
Waiting for him to add anything else that would make this situation a little more reasonable, Bobby frowned, clearly deep in thought. Or shock. It was kind of hard to tell at this point and Sam had to admit the whole thing didn't sound too promising, especially the bit where he and Dean might end up raising God. A shudder ran down his spine as the silence stretched on. Mary patted him on the shoulder reassuringly but before she could say anything Bobby spoke up.
After a while, he intervened, "are you not going to try and stop me?" Because if this was going to come up again he'd prefer now over later.
He has impressed you in more ways than you can count, in strength and skill but also in kindness and loyalty. You marvel at his very existence and hope he can't hear your thoughts of adoration as if your face doesn't betray them just as well.
The closer they got to the bunker, the more the exhaustion began to win out. With it came the dread of everything they had lost but hadn't had the time to mourn. Dean didn't think he ever felt that many different emotions during a single ride and that surely meant a lot considering he had spent half his life in that car.
When they all just looked at him he shrugged and continued, "Heaven knows the Winchesters have a hard time staying dead and he's basically one of you."
Laughing triumphantly Dean embraced his friend, dirt and all. "You know damned well that you're not interrupting anything. Man, you look like you dug your way out of your grave by hand," Dean said excitedly and clapped him on the back.
Despite the painful memory and how unlikely it seemed, Bobby's words did wake the tiniest flicker of hope in him. It was probably foolish to allow himself even that much but he couldn't help it. Ever since they lost Cas every part of him was in pain caused by regret and unbearable longing. He wanted to hope so bad even if it would only crush him again later.
Within seconds of turning his back on them, he felt better. Then he realized that he now had no idea what they might be talking about and regret crept up in him just as quickly. He ordered and paid for two beers and a vodka soda in record time and was back at their table in less than five minutes. He was met with startled expressions and muttered something about the bar being pretty empty at the moment.
"Look, I'll wait till we are sure no more people are reappearing and if he is not back by then, I'll do something about it. Till then, I plan. You guys can either help me or stay the hell out of my way," he announced coldly.
Before he even knew what he was doing Dean was out of his seat and glowering down on his little brother with hardly controlled fury. "I will not stop looking," he said with a little too much force to his words.
"What's that supposed to mean, 'can't stay dead'?" John demanded in his usual gruff voice. Nobody answered
'Oh thank God that he is easily swayed Dean cheered mentally. But before he could get too caught up in celebrating his small, and admittedly ill-advised win, Cas came to another decision.
There it was. How on earth was he supposed to answer that? A pained noise escaped his mouth. "I just have to try," he insisted.
You win the fight, you had to, there was never another option, the memories are what carries you through it. Before you know better you are by the side of a foreign road and dread settles over you as the adrenalin wears off. It's over, you no longer have a cause, you have nothing to fight for, you won the ultimate fight and you're free and more miserable than you've been since hell. You're so broken that it's almost enough to convince you he will show up.
Before you know it he is more constant than absent, no longer a mystery. You think you know him, even if not as well as he knows you, which never fails to send a shiver through you. You long for him to stay and it shocks you that you're even capable of feeling that way. You can't tell him to stay so you try to show him but it always goes wrong. You know what your father would say, you can see the disappointment in his eyes just as clear as the worry in your brothers'.
"You can't go around calling some random fucking creature 'family,' or making friends with fucking vamps-" His voice rose with every word and Dean felt his mind dwindling as he lost his grip on reality, encompassed by his fathers hate.
"Three? Who the hell was raising him? And why does he look like you did when you left for Standford? You know, babyfaced but old enough to buy booze," he elaborated.
"So," Sam said and tilted his head. "You know each other's drink orders. You complete each other's jokes. You know which conversation topics to avoid for the sake of the other," he counted down conversationally. Dean cursed himself for underestimating his brother and Cas seemed entirely taken aback. "You are clearly comfortable with each other but that first 'Hello' was beyond awkward." He really wished Sam would shut up and sent him murderous glares to match that sentiment.
John spat blood, looking just like he did when he got back from an especially bad hunt. Thinking about it, Dean noted that he and Sam never looked that bad after a hunt and he wondered if his father took the violent route on purpose with everything he did or if he'd simply forgotten that there was another one.
Laughing heartily Bobby clapped Sam on the shoulder, "you know Kevin has a point. Your brother and Cas were always their own category." He continued to laugh with a slight knowing twinkle in his eyes that Dean chose to ignore.
"Oh I'm so sorry Dean," she whispered and pulled him into her arms. "I know you and I hardly had the chance to form a normal mother- son relationship but if you need me I'll be there for you," she promised and went on to smother him with motherly affection.
"We are well past that," Dean half-shouted. "That idea went out the window, I don't remember, when was that? When I came back for the third time? When we found out God is a dick and nothing really matters? When our mom came back after being dead for 30 years? How does any of it matter? Why should all of that be okay but I still lose Cas?" By the time he finished, he was as breathless as he was hopeless. "
At first, Mary had wearily kept her distance but within minutes she got over her shock and was now sitting on the edge of Jack's bed.
"I had to match our powers to what he released," Jack ground out but he was beginning to waver even as he spoke, his strength seemed to be leaving him again. "Dean please don't be mad," he pleaded, deep concern was written all over his features even though his voice was so soft they barely could make out what he said. "It was the only way." With that, he promptly collapsed again.
The truth was it was getting harder to carry on with each passing day but he wasn't about to admit that. He had long since come to the conclusion that Cas loved him as a friend and nothing more. So he'd be a good friend and get him back so things could go back to normal. He wouldn't bother Cas with his feelings, he couldn't do that to either of them. "We'll bring him back," he promised haughtily and promptly stalked out of the room.
“I love you.” Dean laughs like he can’t quite believe it, like he’s so happy it’s ridiculous, it’s impossible. “Holy shit, there it is. I said it. I love you. You made me breakfast in bed, and I fucking love you.”
Sam stands up, his hip popping loudly as he does so. This last hunt did a number on both of them; Dean’s pretty sure his right shoulder might never be the same. “I’m gonna hit the bathroom. If the waitress comes, will you ask her to refill my water and order me a roast beef—”
“I was.” Cas clears his throat. “The, uh, scar is a physical manifestation of something much deeper. Raising you from Hell was difficult for both of us, and the experience created a… bond, you might say, between my grace and your soul. It left marks on us both.”
Dean texts back a quick thank you, and resolves to try to verbalize just how thankful he is for Sam the next time he sees him—that should make them both plenty uncomfortable, but unfortunately, Dean’s working on being more communicative about his feelings. That’s what getting a therapist and getting sober will do for you, apparently.
“You seemed too peaceful to wake up.” Even in the darkness, Dean can tell Cas’s eyes are twinkling. “And I’m always happy to carry you.”
They drift off like that, sick but healing, holding each other close. Despite having the flu, it’s some of the best sleep Dean’s had in years.
He’s holding a bundle of white flowers from that bush in the yard—they’re the ones that Dean always smiles at when he leaves for work in the mornings, the ones he misses seeing most in the winter, his favorite of everything in Cas’s extensive garden. They’ve been tied carefully together with a piece of twine, which is looped into a crooked bow in the front. Dean remembers teaching Cas how to tie his shoes about a million years ago, back when he was still unknowable, back when Dean thought the thing between them would never go anywhere he wanted it to; now they’re here, in their house, with Cas holding out a bouquet of beautiful flowers that he put together just for Dean, tied together by his careful, gentle hands.
Cas has fought celestial battles. He has seen the rise and fall of human civilizations, he has razed cities and healed kings, and he has been the only thing outside of God’s control. Yet somehow, someway, he is being bested by a pan of scrambled eggs.
Cas’s arms grow tighter around him. “Dean,” he starts. And then he’s silent. There’s nothing he can say. What the fuck is there to say?
The girl blinks. He watches as the understanding washes over her face, and then as she considers the risks of taking the money—he can’t blame her for that, because he would’ve done the same thing in her shoes. Dean’s not even sure he would’ve trusted that good things happen with no strings attached enough to take the money at all. But then she nods, and snatches the cash from his hand like she’s worried he’s going to change his mind.
“Hey, handsome,” she says, all sugary and hungry. Dean knows exactly how fake it is, and God, she really can’t be older than sixteen.
Cas sighs. He looks thoroughly exhausted by Dean’s antics, and he’s wearing an old t-shirt Dean bought years ago at a rest stop somewhere in Wyoming, and Dean thinks the whole moment is pretty perfect, actually. “What do you want to know?”
Dean rakes his fingers through Cas’s hair. (It’s gotten longer, lately; Dean teases him constantly about needing a haircut, but they both know he likes it just as much as Cas does.) Cas sighs contentedly at the feeling and keeps going. Dean doesn’t know the poet whose collection they’re reading now, but Cas seems to like him—that’s enough for Dean.
Dean’s mostly asleep again, but he manages a slurred, “Night. Love you, Cas.” He’s pretty sure he hears Cas say it back before he’s completely lost to dreams.
“They aren’t for anything. The gardenias were beautiful today, and I wanted to cut some for you.” Cas says it in that way of his, the way that means
Cas kisses him warmly and then drops his head back into Dean’s neck like that’s his own personal pillow or something. Dean doesn’t even bother to make fun of Cas for calling sex ‘intercourse’ like the nerd he is. Dean just pulls him closer, holds him tighter, and lets himself breathe easy.
“I… I know I’m not dying,” Cas says haltingly. “I know that. But I can’t control myself, and I feel so—” Cas turns his face into Dean’s shoulder so that his next words are muffled. “I hate this.”
Dean makes a terrible sound, almost a sob, but he squeezes Cas’s hand, his other arm tight around Cas’s shoulder. “Don’t be sorry.”
He arranges the limited food on an old wooden tray, along with two mugs of steaming coffee and a jar of Dean’s favorite apricot jelly that he
. Dean knows something inside him is breaking open for good, and he’s glad for it. “Cas, I love you,” he says again, desperate and urgent because it has to be said. He’s spent way too fucking long not saying it. “I love you, I love you so damn much,
but his eyes are burning with tears anyway. Dean squeezes them shut, if only so he doesn’t have to see all that tenderness in Cas’s face, the gentle way he’s holding onto Dean. “Please,” Dean repeats in vain, a cry for mercy that he doesn’t understand. He’s never done this during sex before; there’s never been this cresting wave of overwhelming
Dean stares at her. It’s not like he’s never come across a hooker before—kind of an impossibility, what with all the time he spends in shady places. He’s seen plenty of women with that horrible edge of desperation prowling around in darkened bars and fluorescent truck stops, had a few proposition him. And he’s met even more hookers who were pretty legit, who ran a business and did it because it was their job, not because they had to. Dean’s man enough to admit he’s even paid for it from women like that before, when he couldn’t muster up the energy to charm anybody into bed and figured he may as well support a small business. But he’s never slept with anybody who might have been driven into sex work by hunger or poverty or a little brother who needed a new winter coat. Just the thought of it makes him want to gouge his own eyes out.
Dean’s not really an anniversary guy. For most of his life, there wasn’t anything good worth remembering in his past, just dates of death and twisted endings and the usual terrible shit, so he didn’t bother with it. Now, though, things are different. He has good stuff to remember—his marriage to Cas, the first day they were free of Chuck, Jack’s birthday, Sam and Eileen’s anniversary—but it’s not really in his nature to lean into the sentimentality of them. He celebrates for the sake of the people he loves, but left to his own devices, he’d just smile to himself and move on with his day.
Dean sets his fishing rod down at the bottom of the boat. There’s not really anything biting today, and it’s about lunchtime, anyway. He opens up the small cooler they brought along and pulls out the two sandwiches he made early this morning, along with a couple cans of Coke. Cas doesn’t seem to notice—he’s completely off in his own world, his head tilted up toward the clouds with a small smile tugging at his lips. Dean’s whole chest goes warm.
And hey, it’s been a long time since that was something Dean only dreamed of hearing Cas say, but a year and some change later, the novelty still hasn’t worn off. Inside Dean’s chest, the cork pops, and champagne spills over, sweet and bubbly.
“I love you, too,” Dean says. He’s pretty sure he’s crying. “I love you, too, you son of a bitch, and you can have me. You’ve always had me.”
. But I didn’t, not really. I did it because Chuck wanted me to, and I didn’t have any control over any of it. I bent over for all those dudes, and I bent over for Chuck, and for fucking what? So I’d be more fucked-up? So he could
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, clearly oblivious to the entire thing; he never notices anybody flirting with him except for Dean, which is quite the ego boost. “Greg here was just telling me about a restaurant near our hotel that serves great burgers—he said it’s a great place to go on a date.”
Dean is asleep on the couch, head dropped to the right, his chest rising and falling slowly. Jack is bundled in his arms, sitting in his lap with his head pillowed on Dean’s belly, and he’s asleep too. The light from the TV flickers across their slack, dreamlike faces, and Cas’s heart feels like it might just beat out of his chest. He loves them so intensely it’s almost a physical ache.
It wasn’t, but maybe it kind of was. Dean exhales slowly, tries to get a lid on the weird and suffocating mix of emotions attempting to escape him in what would probably be some kind of fucked-up meltdown. “No, I, uh… I don’t know. I guess I’m just trying to figure out why some things happened, y’know?”
“Lunchtime.” Dean nudges Cas’s knee with the can to get his attention, and smiles at the way he blinks in surprise. “What are you thinking about?”
Dean just sits there, hands on the wheel. He can hear the low buzz of summertime in Kansas through the open window, and God, he wants to kill something. He wants to pull the trigger until he sees blood, he wants to watch as something falls apart, he wants to destroy. That black hole excuse for a soul he’s got is rearing its head, ready to suck up everything good in Dean’s life, and for the first time in a long time, Dean’s ready to let it.
Dean stares. Earnest, sweet blue eyes stare back at him, and not for the first time, Dean wonders how he got so lucky to make it here.
“Sam told me what happened after you left. I’ve been driving around trying to find you—I wanted to make sure you were alright.” Cas is running his thumb in soothing circles on Dean’s knee, and Dean wants nothing more than to collapse into his arms and never leave. “I can go, if you want, but I—”
He wants to look around more, but it’s getting late; Sammy needs to be up for school in a few hours, and he won’t get up at all without Dean making sure he doesn’t hit snooze on the alarm six times. So Dean starts walking back to the motel, head down and hands shoved in his pockets.
“Thanks.” He tries not to seem too smug, but really, these sandwiches are some of his best work. “I used the bread we got at the farmer’s market. Which reminds me, when we go this weekend, will you remind me to buy a loaf of the pumpernickel? I know it’s not your favorite, but I found a recipe for some paninis that call for it and I think you’ll like them.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean is smiling so hard his face is going to hurt; God, married life has really made him soft. “What is it?”
He sure as hell did work hard. Those first few months, full of slip-ups and breakdowns and more white-knuckled self-control than Dean ever thought he was capable of, were some of the toughest in his life. But he’s made it this far. Sobriety is a work in progress, sure. But Dean’s got people to help him and support him if there’s a setback, and he’s got healthy coping mechanisms out his ass (thanks Mia), and he’s sitting here on a warm summer night, alive and healthy and just about the happiest he’s ever been. So it’s easy for Dean to let himself smile and say, “Y’know what? I’m proud of me, too.”
“You love me,” Cas repeats breathlessly. He knew it would come eventually, he did, but this—this is worth the wait.
“You guys would—would probably have a good time,” Greg says, face bright red. He glances over his shoulder. “Oh, uh, duty calls. Nice to meet you.”
The storm thunders outside. Cas goes back to reading, and the next poem comes to life around them as Cas gently ushers it into existence with just his voice alone. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, and he listens.
Dean turns his face into Cas’s chest, laughing again. He’s flushed all the way down his collar, and Cas is looking forward to seeing the rest of him.
“Okay.” Dean would deny it, but he nuzzles his face in the warm skin of Cas’s neck. “Finish your book, and then let’s go to bed.”
“You’re very dramatic,” Cas says, but he’s already swinging a leg up on the bed and over Dean’s torso so that he can straddle him. “Take your shirt off.”
It’s itching under his skin, trying to think about this, so Dean just lets himself drift there in Baby’s front seat. He focuses on the purr of her engine, the low sounds of the radio, the road as it’ll unfold in front of him as they drive through the night, until he’s thinking about nothing at all.
He pushes Dean back on the bed and tucks him in like someone might a child, and then he clicks off the lamp. Dean closes his eyes, already near-sleep, and Cas presses a kiss to his forehead.
Some of the tension in Dean’s chest loosens. “Okay. Okay, great.” He claps Cas on the shoulder, which feels weird all of a sudden, but he’s not sure what to do about that. “Let’s get inside. We’ll drink a few beers, finish the night out the right way.”
“Hey, sweetheart,” he says, glancing over at the bartender’s disappointed face. Dean resists the urge to pump his fist in victory.
Last night, he and Sam had gotten into it in a way they haven’t since Chuck’s been out of the picture, yelling at each other in the middle of the kitchen like a bomb exploding.
“Seriously?” Dean nods, and Sam grins, already grabbing at Dean’s cup to take a Sasquatch-sized sip. “Thanks, man. I think I’m getting dehydrated.”
Dean snaps his head up, and Sam’s sliding back into the booth, looking at his empty glass of water with something like misery. “Not yet,” Dean says. He pushes his cup forward. “Want some of my Coke?”
“Roast beef sandwich with a salad instead of fries, extra dressing on the side,” Dean cuts him off. “Dude, I know your gross-ass order.”
He lets out a string of curses he would never have even dreamed of fifteen years prior, and carefully carries the smoking pan to the trash can. He dumps as much of the blackened lump as he can unceremoniously into the trash can and sticks the pan, still coated in bits of burned eggs, back on the stove.
He makes it all the way to applying the bandage before Dad says anything else. But when he does, he grabs Dean’s wrist hard enough that pain jolts all the way to his elbow. It never really healed right after that hunt in Missouri last year.
“Of course you can be here,” Cas says through tears he can’t stop, pressing his face into the top of Jack’s head. “Of course you can, this is your home, of course. We’ve missed you so much. Oh, I’ve missed you so much.”
Dean leans precariously over toward Cas, the boat rocking all the way, but the kiss he plants on his husband makes it well worth the risk of overturning them both into the lake. When he pulls back, Cas’s eyes are a more beautiful color than the water could ever hope to be.
The Cas-shaped lump lets out a sound like a huff, followed by another gross cough. Dean’s heart twinges in sympathy, and he turns just enough in his chair to get a good look at Cas. The blanket is shaking, and the tiny flash of his husband that Dean can see is very pale.
“I don’t know about that,” Cas says. He peeks around the blankets as Dean grabs the tray and settles it over his legs eagerly. “It’s not—”
Dad says nothing, only tilts his head to motion Dean forward. Even in his fear, Dean can’t disobey his dad. Slowly, he walks across the motel room. He glances over, and thank God, Sammy is still fast asleep in his bed.
“It will.” Cas says it with that unwavering conviction that only he can manage. Dean latches onto it. “And you’ll feel better in the morning.”
not in the fucking mood to get mugged right now—one of the johns tried to knock him around a little tonight, and though Dean is more than capable of taking care of himself, that always sets him on edge. He just barely resists the urge to reach for the gun tucked in the back of his jeans. “Don’t think I’ve got time,” Dean says, careful to remain casual. “Sorry about that.”
Cas doesn’t smile or flirt back like Dean would expect. Instead, his frown deepens. “Do you think so?”
“Listen to me.” Any words Dean could have said disappear as his dad leans forward, nearly whispering, eyes flashing deadly. “I don’t know who the hell you think you are, but if I
“I’m dying.” His voice falters. Cas can see the stars, and he can see Dean, and he’s not ready to leave either of them. He’s not ready to die.
Dean lets Cas handle dinner, because Cas also knows what today is, and though he won’t say anything unless Dean does, it’s clear he wants to do something nice for Dean. The burgers are actually pretty damn delicious, and Cas’s smile when Dean tells him so is brilliant. Then Jack takes an absurdly large bite of his burger, and they’re both reminding him to chew slowly, Jack, you’re going to choke if you’re not careful, and it’s pretty perfect.
"That desperate, huh?" He choked out after a few beats of silence that had Cas slouch in his seat in resignation.
In the armchair next to him, Sam looked up from whatever ancient scripture he had busied himself with and gave Dean a calculating look. "You should take a break," he said matter of factly. Dean scoffed. There were no breaks for him, not until Cas was back with them where he belonged.
People were supposed to be coming back and he was obviously happier than ever to hear Bobby. The only problem was that the coming back part wasn't supposed to apply to people who had died before Chuck pulled his ultimate move. Yet he was talking to Bobby. Who was supposed to have been in heaven for several years now. Dean took a deep breath, suspecting that it was going to be a long day.
The defiant stare he offered his father would have scared anybody else who knew him into silence. But not him.
If Chuck found one last way to get one over on them they were screwed. Left with no plan, back to square one, but with no resources and no support left. Dean feared they might have reached their breaking point. Worst of all, Cas's sacrifice would have been for nothing. Old anger began to flare up in him, combating his hopelessness.
You remember the first case you ever took on alone, you were 17. You did what was expected of you, but it didn't leave you cold as it would now. You hadn't chosen that case like you haven't chosen your current calling.
About fifteen minutes and a lot of colorful language from John's side later, the four of them had managed to drag him into the dungeon. They weren't happy about it but they agreed that they would have to force him to listen. It went unspoken that it would be best if they got him caught up and acting like a semi-reasonable human before Mom and Bobby got back from their mission.
Getting over her surprise within the second Jody huffed good-naturedly, "you Winchesters really can't stay dead," she extended her hand for John to shake. He took it. The two adults seized each other up for a moment and despite her kind attitude, Jody had obviously picked up on the ice in the atmosphere. The warmth in her smile didn't quite reach her eyes. They both let go quickly.
Cas nodded and reached for his drink, "I have a tendency to annoy Christian organizations into suing me, risk of the job I suppose" he conceded and innocently tried to add, "How much do I owe you for the drink?" As if that would make Dean more likely to let him pay.
And there was something in the way Sam genuinely cared that broke Dean's resolve, after all those years, he couldn't do it anymore. Before he knew it he was gasping for air like a drowning man, fighting down the emotion.
And yeah, there was Cas, unnerving blue eyes and trench coat as always. Looking as unreal as if he had stepped right out of one of their campaigns.
Cas hid a smile behind a dramatic frown, "Gabriel can be brutal," he insisted and took a long sip of his drink.
Once they got back to the bunker they had practically crashed with exhaustion. After sleeping through the better part of two days and frantically checking if anybody else had come back yet to no avail he had begun his research. An hour in Sam had decided to join him, if only for the distraction.
"Sure you are," came the prompt if sarcastic reply. "If you ever get over yourself you know where to find me. Or Sam." Bobby offered him a way out of the conversation and Dean took it.
Sam completely ignored their little exchange, he just grabbed his beer and continued talking, "I'll never understand religious fanatism. These people are seriously arguing that research should be stopped because they don't like what it is coming up with." He grimaced to underline how unbelievable that line of thought was.
"I have to agree," Cas mused and he too visibly relaxed. "I don't think he'll be easily convinced of the truth at this point anyways. But it's still your brother we would be... deceiving."
She smiled at him warmly, but the corners of her mouth tugged down for a second in confusion when she saw John. Right, she didn't know him. Most of their friends didn't. Dean sighed.
Bobby was the first to break the silence, "stop the long faces boys. You all know damn well he wouldn't want that." He shook Dean's shoulder a little and put on a firm face even though he clearly felt sorry for them too. "Besides, if everyone is suddenly coming alive again, it's just a matter of time, right?"
Mary frowned at him, "So Dean never talked? Not even to you?" Sam shook his head and she looked utterly defeated. "I was dead sure they were already together, how could I misread the situation that badly?" She asked, sounding miserable. "I probably sent him in a full-on panic."
His heart dropped. Why could nobody leave him alone these days? He shook his head and was just about to protest the question when Benny stopped him with a dismissive gesture.
A small voice in his head began to question whether it would be so wrong for them to know. But as somebody who dealt with demonic possession on the regular, Dean wasn't a fan of voices in his head.
The day had started so good, with Eileen next to him and a bunker full of reunited friends and family. But nothing good in his life came without a price, a problem, some kind of hook. So here it was. Out of all the people they were still missing, it was John Winchester who had to return.
He wasn't sure whether John's face was uncomprehending or simply unbelieving, either way, his father blankly stared back at them and still managed to look disgruntled.
At least John remained silent though his bloodied face clearly read 'way to make me believe you're not just a monster'. Dean contently ignored it, he knew now how he could get the man to listen.
"Angel?" John questioned helpfully, though his tone betrayed the usual amount of mockery and disapproval. Dean hardly registered his face turning bright red with all the other panicked thoughts crowding the forefront of his mind. So much about his pokerface.
One step ahead of Sam, Dean flung the door open and let it crash against the wall behind him. He tore open the drawer with his collection of abandoned phones. Nobody alive had the number to any of these as far as he knew but that didn't mean anything in his life he supposed. He picked it up. "Hello?"
He is an Angel and you are the broken shell of a human but your pieces have begun to mend thanks to him. At your most destroyed, you found faith and the will to go on, thanks to him. He saved you when he pulled you out of hell, but he also saved you when he gave you a reason to keep going and an inclination
It struck him that he didn't even know whether John had a gun on him or not, for all he knew his father would shoot the second he saw him. Stopping dead in his tracks he turned back to Eileen.
"From what you told me it was clear that he died so you would live. So if you now go and risk your life to bring him back and it goes wrong, do you think he'd want that?"
He is family now, inexplicably tied to you, probably from the moment he pulled you out of hell. Only that now you can see it, how real he is, how good, and how he matters so much more than the image of a dead man. You can't tell him though, you've learned if you name a good thing it'll leave you.
"He'll be here any second. Just sit." Sam insisted tiredly. So of course John stayed exactly where he was, proud as ever.
By the time the bunker came into view, the sun had set and they were going back and forth reassuring each other that they had done it. Chuck was gone. Everyone would be back. It was only a matter of time. A wary sense of peace had begun to settle over them, they weren't yet ready to fully believe it but the worst of the tension had left them.
Bobby went on, with a sneer rivaling that of Crowley, "He was raising a child with the guy and still thinks he has anybody convinced he's straight?"
Sam answered dismayingly promptly, "My law firm got hired to defend Cas and his research on how the Christian ideology covered up and obscured important historical events in its favor."
Sam was still talking to him but Dean was content to ignore him as he had done for most of the time they spent researching. Roughly every hour Sam would attempt to start a conversation. Probe at him to talk about how he was feeling in thinly veiled questions.
After quickly informing them that he seemed to be fine and confirming that he had no clue how he was alive again, Bobby agreed to meet them at the Bunker as soon as he could get there. Offering to come to pick him up only earned Dean a string of insults that got the first real smile out of him since their victory, though it faltered quickly as he remembered the still unconscious kid in the living room.
Bobby still had pure disbelief in his eyes and kept glancing between Sam and Jack. "I know you said he defeated Chuck for you but he looks so young, are you sure that he can be considered a God?" He asked for what must be the dozens time.
For all his tough-guy bravado, John still managed to look annoyingly arrogant. He leaned back in his chair as if he were sitting there out of his free choice and had his eyes trained on Dean expectantly.
He sounded annoyed and Dean couldn't blame him, yet he knew he wouldn't stop until they had Cas back. Or until he passed out from exhaustion, whatever happened first.
You think of the child that you unwittingly adopted, of how your Angel would want you to watch out for the child, and you keep going. One last apology your Angel will never hear as you finally accept this child doomed to death as your own. You don't have the time but you want to be better than your father, you think the kid knows. You know the kid loved your Angel almost as much as you do. You will never think of him in past tense, you will never stop praying, you will never stop loving him and the realization hits you harder than any of your deaths. You love him and it's the first time you allow yourself to think it, you love him, and it's too late.
Okay, so that hadn't worked out. "Fine. Maybe he isn't. But he simply isn't ready to talk, you have to trust me on this. Especially now with Cas gone, I don't know how much more he can take. We have to let him be."
Even when he is dead, he is the reason you are alive. He is what changed the story, what turned the tide, what no final monster could predict, what you yourself still don't understand. It all pans down to what he sees in you, how he is willing to disobey all he ever knew for you, how he loves you. Nobody saw coming how he would love you to completion, least of all you.,
Bobby scoffed, "thought so. Cut the crap Sam, if you believe that then you're more oblivious than your brother and that's damn near impossible," he said but the anger in his voice had deflated.
"-Also his research is actually fascinating. And the fundraiser requires a lot of nerves, so I figured we might as well get a drink together. We've been working on this for weeks, tried to settle the case outside of court first, ya know?" Sam shook his head, "I just wished the rest of your family wasn't so involved in all of this, that's just bound to blow up."
Benny caught on nonetheless. "No Angels in Purgatory since I last returned there," he offered half a shrug, and Dean understood. There weren't exactly any football games to watch in Purgatory, of course, he would have wondered where the hell Cas had gone to.
Evading all eye contact he got up again, "I'll get us something to drink," he announced and made his hasty exit.
Your head is ringing with how wrong you were as you lean against that wall, sobbing. You're inconsolable and pathetic and you know it. You long for death almost as much as you long for him to come back or even just a chance to make it right, but you don't die. You have to pick yourself up in the end, you have to tell a child his father died, and you have to seek revenge. But you are not your father, this is your revenge, not the kids.
Dean’s cheeks go pink. Cas knows he’s insecure about some of the weight he’s gained in the past few years, knows that he doesn’t like it when Cas kisses his stomach, knows that to Dean, his body isn’t a perfect thing. And Cas, well, he endeavors to show him that it is.
, he thinks. But when he finally gets into bed that night, Sam fast asleep in the one beside him, Dean closes his eyes and lets the warm possibility of a future worth fighting for guide him to sleep.
Dean leans against the doorjamb and watches Cas with what he’s sure is an idiotically fond expression—it’s one he finds himself wearing a lot these days, now that he and Cas are living in sort-of kind-of domestic bliss. It’s so impossibly great that Dean can’t even bring himself to care about how obviously in love he is.
Dean forces himself to hold his gaze—to look away now would be a death sentence. “I wasn’t at a bar, Dad.”
Cas gets to his feet, and for a brief moment, they’re just looking at each other. The air is charged differently than it was before, and from nowhere, Dean thinks,
“Dean,” Cas says, voice wavering. His head has dropped low, and they’re speaking more into each other’s mouths than anything else. “I love you too. Oh,
, Cas; this is what the flu feels like. And I didn’t know it was a crime to wanna take care of my husband when he’s sick.”
“Okay.” And it sounds like he actually might this time, especially when he stretches and something pops into his back. “Jesus
That satisfies Dad enough that he lets Dean finish patching him up without any further conversation. And when Dean goes to bed, Dad even squeezes his shoulder as a goodnight—that’s something, at least.
Sam watches him for a moment. He takes a long sip of his water. And then, apparently deciding that he’s going to have to be the one to start the conversation, he says, “How long have you been up?”
He thinks about it. He thinks about saying something out loud: a goodbye, a confession, a prayer, some combination of all three. But his mouth seems wired shut. The grief is more than enough to keep the words from coming out – it’s not the first time that’s happened to Dean. Sometimes, there’s nothing he can say, whether he wants to or not. There’s no sound, nothing to give voice to. Not when the loss is so deep, a wound that bleeds and bleeds until there’s nothing left inside.
“No,” Dean says. And then he blinks his eyes open, fresh tears flowing openly. Cas reaches up and wipes some of them away with his thumb. “No, just—it’s a lot. This is a lot. But it’s good.”
They sit there for a long time, taking rattling breaths and occasionally coughing. Dean keeps rubbing Cas’s back.
Dean wants to point out that it technically is the morning right now. He wants to say that Chuck might be dead, but he’s still scared. He wants to keep asking why, wants to keep asking for an explanation that isn’t there. Dean drifts off before he can muster the words for any of that.
Dean scrabbles for the hand still holding his face, and pulls it to his mouth, pressing a kiss to Cas’s fingertips. It’s clumsy, because Dean’s muscles are still somehow both coiled with tension and also complete mush, but Cas smiles; that alone makes the cracked-openness of Dean’s whole self worth it, makes Dean want Cas to keep taking him apart more than he ever really knew he could want something.
“I normally don’t—” Dean starts to run his hand absently through Cas’s hair, just for something to hang onto. He laughs nervously, and it grates in his hoarse throat. “I’ve never cried during sex before. I don’t know what that was about.”
For a moment, the night air cool around him and the crickets chirping peacefully, Dean lets himself believe. He imagines a future where Dad is kinder, and Sam isn’t fighting like hell to get away, where he isn’t fucking creeps for money and the hunts aren’t all so bad. He imagines a future where he’s loved enough that someone travels back in time to tell him.
He looks at Cas for a long moment, the blue of Jimmy’s eyes and the concerned furrow to his brow that is, undeniably, all Cas. And then he says, voice a rasp, “Hold on.” Dean realizes his hands are still tight on Baby’s steering wheel, her engine still purring all around them. “Just—hang on a sec, okay?”
“Dean.” He looks over, and Cas is watching him carefully, blue eyes glassy with illness but just as intense as ever. There’s a soft smile on his face. It’s maybe a little sad, but it’s there. “Dean, thank you for taking care of me.”
So Dean shuts the car off, and he lays his hands on his thighs. When he chances a look over, Castiel is still just watching him.
When it’s over, Dean stands there, unmoving. It’s final, now. The ashes are scattered, and Cas is gone, returned the Earth he loved so much.
Cas’s eyes fly open. Standing in right front of him, barely taller than Cas sitting there on the ground, is a little boy. His hair is messy, and he’s in Star Wars pajamas, and when he smiles sheepishly, there’s a gap in his teeth. Cas would recognize him anywhere.
Cas has only been back, free from the Empty and fully human, for a month. It’s been a good month, mostly, full of reunions and laughter and slowly but surely figuring things out. He and Dean share a bed now, share a life in a way they never did before, and it’s good. Cas is learning to be human again, and every step of the way, Dean is with him, endlessly patient and gentle with all of it, seemingly happy just to be with him at all. And Cas gets to kiss Dean when he wants, gets to hold his hand and brush his fingertips along the crinkles at the corners of Dean’s eyes, and every day, he gets to tell Dean he loves him.
“Of our lives?” Dean nods, and Sam sighs, running a hand back through his hair. He looks old, Dean thinks. They both are, now, older than they ever thought they’d be—it’s the best thing in the world, but it’s also pretty fucking frightening. “I don’t know. I mean, a lot of it, probably.”
Dean sighs, makes a show of being inconvenienced because he’s not sure why the fuck he’s engaging in this at all. “Yeah, whatever, man. What’s the deal?”
“I love you,” Dean says. They’re both close, very close, and Dean hasn’t ever felt like this before. He’s been with plenty of people, has tried just about everything once, and never has it been quite like this. Never has it felt less like an action with an end result to strive for and more like an exchange, a mutual sharing, a way to give something to someone you trust, to say
“Babylon,” Cas says casually, like that’s something everyone thinks about in their daily lives. He takes his Coke and the sandwich—Dean made sure not to put tomato on it because of Cas’s whole thing with textures—and adds, “The Hanging Gardens, specifically.”
“I gave up my powers.” He says it all in a rush, the way small children do when they’re worked up over something. “It took a long time, but it’s fixed, and Amara’s in charge, and I’m all done.”
Slowly, carefully, Cas makes his way out of the kitchen, and to the bedroom he now shares with Dean. The door is cracked from when Cas left earlier, and he can see the corner of the bed, the way Dean’s pulled all the blankets over to his side. Cas smiles at how familiar that’s become lately—it seems that with the luxury of his own bed, Dean is loath to share the covers; Cas steals them back all night long, but it works out because Dean puts up with his kicking.
You would like it here, Dean thinks then. It’s all he can think. It’s all he can cling to, and he is clinging, because if he lets go, he’s going to a place so dark and twisted there’s not going to be any coming back. So he closes his eyes, lets the warm breeze of the day caress his face, and thinks,
, and Dean’s up and out of his barstool before he can even think twice about it. Behind him, Sam is laughing like the bitch he is.
He kind of falls out of the car in his desperation to escape. He looks down at his hands, sees the already-forming bruises, feels his stomach churn.
Dean closes his eyes. Thinks of bathroom tiles digging into his knees, hands pulling at his hair. Thinks of Chuck watching.
Dean watches the bartender lean across the bar, laughing warmly at something Cas said—probably in that painfully earnest way of his that makes even his most awkward moments go down easy like a nice scotch—and weighs the risks and benefits of getting into some kind of physical altercation.
Jack doesn’t say anything, already asleep again. But the look on Dean’s face is tender, open, and he leans in and kisses Cas so gently it’s like a prayer, like a devotion.
There’s no more time to waste. Dean crosses the kitchen in quick strides and wraps his arms around Cas with so much force it knocks him back a few steps. It’s the best feeling Dean thinks he’s ever had.
Dean’s never done this before, or had it done to him, but people always tell him he’s a fast learner; this guy doesn’t seem to have any complaints, at least. Dean’s jaw aches after a few minutes, but it’s not too bad other than that. The taste is strange, and he chokes a few times, and the end is unpleasant, but all-in-all, Dean’s grin and bear-ed it through worse—he’d take this over fighting a poltergeist any day.
Cas lets out a long breath, and it’s almost like a sob. He reaches out and pulls Jack into his lap, and Jack buries his face in Cas’s shoulder, little hands gripping tight at his t-shirt. Cas feels something in his chest click into place.
“It’s alright, Dean.” His eyes are still shut tight, but he feels Cas’s fingers trace from his hairline to his chin, painfully and wrenchingly gentle. Cas has stopped moving inside him, and everything else seems to have gone motionless in response. The Earth has frozen in its orbit, the night breeze outside and above the bunker stops in its tracks, and Cas and Dean are so still together in this bed.
Dean keeps laughing for most of the drive back to the house they’re squatting in. Cas is still quirking that smile at him, like he’s pleased he could make Dean laugh but he’s still not totally sure what exactly happened back there in the “den of iniquity” or whatever the hell Cas was calling it. Dean can’t stop sneaking glances at him in the passenger seat and bursting into new peals of laughter.
"So in summary, we are expecting a whole lot of dead people and a child god is sleeping on your sofa next door," Bobby concluded, "why ever I thought living again would be a good thing." Kevin next to him nodded solemnly.
They changed the subject pretty quickly after that and found themselves engrossed in a deep discussion of Cas' work and the upcoming fundraiser, and to Dean's surprise it turned out to be pretty pleasant. In the end, they were all just making fun of their bosses and had completely lost track of what they were trying to discuss. Sam had long since forgotten that he still didn't know how they met. Or so they thought.
That finally made him pause. Sam carefully let go of him, breathing heavily. He gestured for John to wait and grabbed a box with hunting utensils from the table that they kept there just in case. His father understood and had at least the patience to stick to custom.
"So Gabriel is the one on your side?" Dean asked. The picture that was beginning to form between Cas's job essentially debunking Christian ideology, his older brother actively making said job difficult, the weird religious names, and his DnD angel character looked less than pleasant. He was really beginning to wonder what was going on in Cas's head, they intuitively got along and worked well together, and yet the guy remained unreadable. Cas merely nodded in response.
"I'll say this only once," he forced out. Mary's startled expression didn't deter him. "There was nothing between me and Castiel. He was my best friend. Nothing more," he swore intently as if he could convince himself.
But your brother doesn't need you to be a soldier, so slowly you start to be yourself again instead, after almost forgetting what that even means. Apparently, it means burdens and pain and a never-ending job but it also means open roads, good music you can play as loudly as you like, and easy quips between you and your brother. You can taste freedom but it's never quite yours. You stay busy, ensuring strangers have what can never be yours and it's your type of normal.
This time you know you'll go mad. There is no coming back from the edge of that cliff but you'll make sure to drag the responsible down with you. You don't know what hurts worse, knowing you wasted a lifetime to cowardice or knowing he was waiting for you to do something while you ignorantly vowed never to bother him. That he wanted it too. Wanted you.
"How did any of this happen? Only you could find a way to piss off some old entity so bad that all of humanity has to pay for it," he sneered at Sam. "I'll decide later if I believe it was God. If I believe any of this," he shook his head in denial, cold eyes fixed on Sam. "You shouldn't even be here right now," John stood up straighter, glaring at his son as if he were asking him to justify his existence.
His father and brother looked at him with equal amounts of surprise on their faces, only that John hid it quickly while Sam's just morphed into badly hidden awe.
"Man it's good to see you. Both of you actually," Sam said while pushing past his brother to hug Bobby.
The bar provided a perfect backdrop for his sullen brooding and since Sam was late he conveniently had time to indulge. It was busy for a Tuesday night, and Dean was already nursing his second beer, that's how late Sam was.
He wanted to feel satisfied, or angry or sad or anything but instead, numbness had overtaken him. Remaining impassive he stood as a silent witness as Sam kept on beating their father and the sounds of violence filled the room. Each punch came with a statement but he didn't register those either.
They stay on your mind. You think your father wanted you to know that your crime too, was to exist. Should you be like them, you needed to burn, like them. Your Angel tells you that Heaven isn't concerned with who people love and somehow that makes it better. You don't care for heaven, but you care for him, so as long as he believes what he told you, you allow yourself some doubt.
Choosing to ignore them, he cast a wary glance at his father. Still, he couldn't help but force a reply for the simple reason that with how long Benny had been dead he shouldn't even know that Cas was out of Purgatory. "How do you even know...?" He trailed off as he caught himself and considered how much of this John should hear.
The challenges don't stop coming but you settle in a sort of routine forged by unbreakable trust in your family. It's clearer to you than ever that you are no longer 24, your father is long gone, you have learned what freedom means and will fight tooth and nail to keep it.
"Dean, seriously," Sam tried again, "we've been searching for hours. I want to get him back too but this," he gestured at the endless amount of papers in front of them, "won't do him any good if we're too tired to actually notice anything helpful."
"You have no right to speak to Dean like that. You almost ruined him when you last were around but he is stronger than that." Every word was laced with conviction and the trust in his voice ended the weird out of body experience Dean was caught in. He snapped back into reality.
"Mum is back to," he said with cold satisfaction as he saw sinister eyes widen with a spark of life they hadn't possessed in years. Sam behind him shifted uneasily and Dean couldn't blame him, he would have preferred to keep her out of this too but they had to bait him somehow.
It didn't help that Bobby had driven out to collect a few people and check on some old hunter meeting points. He was one of the few people who were well respected by the older generation of hunters and it would have been helpful to have him around. At least he was set to return by the end of the week.
"If all is well, then whose power do we have to match?" He deadpanned. "Should have known something was going to go wrong," he stated coldly.
After taking a minute to steel himself he cautiously made his way to the library. His thoughts drifted to Sam, who was alone with their father. Their father, who was alive again. Whose last will it had been that he should kill Sam.
Before Cas could complain further, Sam finally made his way back to the table. Dean and Cas exchanged one last conspirational look and dropped their conversation.
Stubbornly Sam added, "He's family." That was when John lost it and in retrospect, Dean should have seen it coming. Still, he was glad that Sam was the one to make that call and confirm that Cas was family. Not only because it was true and John needed to hear it. Or because Dean was already on thin ice in terms of showing affection. But because the confirmation that Sam wanted him back too, that he wasn't acting entirely selfish and irrational, was a welcome remedy to all of his guilt.
He is always there and yet there is nothing that can keep him for long, the only moments he allows himself to linger are when he's talking to you, and it's starting to go to your head. It's irritating at first but the irritation quickly turns into fondness as the moments in which he stays grow ever longer.
“Me neither,” Dean barely manages to say. Cas’s gaze is flaying him alive, cracking open his chest and shining a light right on his soul, right at all the rot and all the horror inside of Dean, and he’s still doing this. He’s still kissing Dean, still looking at him like he’s the most perfect thing he’s ever seen. “Cas, me neither. Please, I—” His voice breaks. Somewhere in the back of his mind, a voice is screaming
So yeah, encountering a hooker isn’t out of the ordinary for him. But normally, it doesn’t affect him like this. Something about this girl’s obvious youth and hollow lust is putting Dean back in a place he usually doesn’t let himself go.
Dean blinks. And then, inexplicably, he bursts into a sort of breathless laugh. His eyes are warm and bright. “Jesus, Cas.”
There’s only one real store in town, and they’ve already caught Dean shoplifting once—they gave him a stern warning that the police would get involved next time, so that’s obviously not an option anymore. And it’s not like they’ve been here long enough to make any friends who could help them out, no neighbors or friendly motel clerks or even any fellow hunters.
“This wouldn’t have happened if you had just listened to me in the first place,” Cas intones. Dean can barely see his face, he’s buried in so many blankets, but the Cas-shaped lump manages to radiate disquieting and powerful hatred just fine. “But no, it’s too much to ask that my
“Don’t spend it on anything stupid, Dean. This is for you two to eat,” Dad says. He doesn’t have to say that there isn’t any more, that he’d better figure out how to stretch it if he needs to—Dean already knows all of that.
Cas rips the oven open, still cursing, and just barely remembers to put an oven mitt on before he pulls the pan out. Thank God, the bacon is on just the right side of burnt, sizzling and crispy but not blackened yet. He breathes a sigh of relief, and sets the pan down carefully beside the other on the stove. Well, Dean’s always enjoyed bacon the most—if breakfast is just that, it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world.
“I will.” Cas slips Mary’s ring in his pocket, and tries to match Dean’s careful smile. “I have luck on my side.”
“We don’t have to discuss it.” Cas, as he sometimes does, refuses to meet Dean’s frustration with the righteous anger Dean
“Freak,” Dean grumbles. But he can’t stop the note of fondness in his voice, and he doesn’t do anything but wiggle closer when Cas pulls him to fit against his chest.
“I’m eighteen.” And then she fucking winks. Dean’s having some kind of wildly upsetting out-of-body experience here, because he knows that fucking move like the back of his hand—he used to
They’re in North Carolina, some tiny town in the dead center of the state. Dad’s been hunting a shapeshifter there for a few weeks, and when that finishes, he hears about a potential haunting out near the coast. Sam begs Dad to take them along so they can hang out at the beach, but Dad refuses—the motel’s already paid up through the end of the month. Sam argues, but Dean tells Sam to quit complaining and listens dutifully as Dad goes through the usual rules, his usual expectations. And right before he leaves, he hands Dean a stack of cash like he always does.
Dean feels incredulous laughter bubble up out of him. If it’s a little watery, a little tearful, Cas doesn’t mention it. “Yeah. Yeah, no problem.”
Today, Cas closes his eyes, lets the cool early morning air caress his face. He thinks of Jack watching him somewhere far away.
having this discussion with Dean, he recognizes how difficult it is for his husband. “Sam and Eileen have the hunter network up and running—there are people to pick up where you leave off. It doesn’t always have to be you.”
“Sorry won’t cut it if you slacking off gets your brother killed.” Dean winces, and Dad knocks back about half of his beer. He wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and motions toward the chair next to him. “Now sit down and clean this up before I bleed everywhere.”
Dean’s eyes are full of tears, and Cas knows he’s barely holding himself back from asking Cas not to go or trying to convince Cas to take him along. “I know,” Dean says. “I know you will.”
He prays to his son every day. It’s been six months since the world didn’t end, since Jack became the new God, and with a single wave of his hand, returned Cas to the bunker like he’d never left it. And every day since then, Cas has talked to him. He tells Jack about his life, about how he’s adjusting to humanity (“The last time, I never noticed how annoying shirt buttons are. I wear a lot of t-shirts now.”) He tells Jack when they leave the bunker, Eileen and Sam remaining to get the hunter network off the ground, while himself and Dean move into a small lake house only a few hours away, the one just a hundred feet behind him now, the one with an empty bedroom, decorated and waiting (“We argued about which color to paint it, but I decided that Dean was right—the yellow is beautiful, Jack.”) He tells him when Dean gets a job at the mechanic in town, about his first time volunteering at the local homeless shelter, about days spent fishing and laughing and living this fragile new life. And more importantly than any of that, Cas tells Jack that he’s loved, that they miss him, and that he’s welcome to come home whenever he’s ready. He hasn’t yet. Sometimes, Cas fears he never will. But he has faith in his son, the kind of faith he was never able to have in his father.
“I—” This is the first time he’s going to say it out loud. Dean’s not sure why it’s kind of scary. But he’s done a lot of scarier shit in a lot worse places than his husband’s arms, sitting outside the house they share, their son asleep and safe in his bed. “I haven’t had a drink in a year.”
Cas relaxes a little into Dean’s touch, and finally stops eyeing his reflection like it’s as alien to him as it was when he first took it as a vessel all those years ago. “I guess you’re right.”
“I have to—” He stands up abruptly, chair clattering and knocking his mug on its side; the remaining dregs of his coffee pool on the table, and neither of them bother to deal with it. Sam’s looking up at him with wide-eyed concern. “I’m going for a drive.”
“Okay.” Dean smiles, an edge of hope to it that Cas wants to look at forever. “Get back here soon, alright?”
Sam nods. His eyes search Dean’s face, and Dean’s pretty sure he’s weighing the risks of pushing the topic. Fair enough. Things have definitely been better lately, especially for Dean and his various and extensive emotional issues, but it’s always smart to err on the side of caution; this weird little retired life he’s got going hasn’t fixed everything.
whirl around to glare at Cas, but his head feels like it weighs a thousand pounds, and any sudden movements make his stomach lurch horribly. So he settles for scoffing and saying, “Hey, don’t blame me, pal.
. “Yeah, I—” he clears his throat and smiles shakily. Cas smiles back, a little softer this time. “Jesus, Cas. I love them.”
That probably earns him an over-the-shoulder middle finger, but he doesn’t see it, too focused on the menu in front of him. Dean almost always gets a bacon cheeseburger at places like this, but some people across the room ordered fried chicken and the smell is making Dean’s mouth water. He’s contemplating whether to order the platter or just the regular combo—who is he kidding, he’s definitely gonna order the platter—when he realizes somebody’s watching him.
Cas runs his thumb across Dean’s cheek, and Dean has to wonder if this is how he looked at those gardens, awe and affection in equal measure, like just seeing them was a miracle. “I am too.”
The living room lamp is still on, and sure enough, Cas is sitting exactly where Dean left him, reading glasses slipping down his nose and book open in his lap. Any worry Dean had dissipates at the sight.
Castiel just appears outside of the passenger side door—showoff—with his head tilted in confusion. He looks more human in the quiet darkness of night than he does angel, and his tie is still completely backward and lopsided.
Fog rolls easily across the surface of the lake, and Cas watches as a bird swoops low above it. The sun, still mostly hidden below the horizon, paints edges of warm oranges and yellows along the cool tones of dawn. Cas smiles at the beauty of creation.
Cas sighs. “I messed up the pancakes and the eggs, and there wasn’t enough bread. It doesn’t look good like it does when you make breakfast.”
Now, though, as Cas stands in the doorway taking in the sight before him, he’s sure. He’s sure that now,
When Dean is finally standing in front of him, Dad gives him a once-over. He’s clearly not impressed with what he’s seeing. “Where have you been?” Dad says, voice low and dangerous.
“Don’t.” It kind of gasps out of him. He thinks he might be crying. “Don’t go, Cas. I can’t—” His breath hitches again, and he clutches at the front of Cas’s shirt, a soft old favorite of Dean’s. “Jesus, I don’t know. I can’t, I’m sorry, I—”
Dean hesitated before he addressed them, "Would you guys mind calling Bobby and telling him what's up?"
That action alone was enough to send the better part of his confidence to hell. There was hardly anything he hated more than feeling scrutinized and judged. Ironically it was the opposite for Sam, who'd rather be judged than ignored like he was at the moment. Their father knew this. He was playing them both but unlike so many other times before, Dean would not cave.
Bobby sighed, "I'm trying to tell you that just because he wouldn't approve of something that doesn't mean it's wrong. He had a tendency to see the world in black and white, dangerously so. But you are not him and thank god for that." He grimaced, "or thank the universe. Or whoever isn't against you yet." He shook his head thoughtfully,
You're back on the road, with your brother and your car, and your gun, and even though you are free it's no longer enough. It will never be enough again.
Hesitating for a moment Sam considered how well they knew each other but he ended up also hugging Benny. The guy had helped them get Bobby back after all. The quick but firm hug earned him some startled laughter from Dean but Benny simply clapped him on the back and smiled. The whole scene made Dean strangely happy.
Sam just rolled his eyes while Dean found that his Dad's opinion didn't bother him anymore as much as it used to. "Yeah, sorry, if you had called ahead we would have stocked up on the last century brew you prefer," he answered sarcastically.
To his shock, she reacted much differently than Bobby or even Sam had. Mary seemed so upset in fact that Dean feared she would start to cry which really didn't help him keep his emotions in check.
Sam paused, chest heaving with heavy breaths. He got closer and leaned over the table. Grabbing John by the collar he forced him to meet his eye.
The steely resolution in John's eyes didn't escape Dean, but he wasn't sure what it meant yet. He took a deep breath and began their story with the day after John died, he figured if he heard the events in the right order, maybe, just maybe, he would understand.
"That's the way around you are choosing to draw that comparison? Really?" Complained Sam. "After what he just said?" He gestured at Dean in that exasperated way all younger siblings know.
You tell yourself it's alright, at least you have a reason to see your little brother again, you have a car and a mission and what else do you need? Your father wasn't really there even when he was, but now he's gone and you're free. But your brother is miserable and you feel so guilty for your freedom. What is a soldier without someone's orders to follow?
He hung up but before he could even turn to Sam, his regular phone began ringing, Sam's phone followed a second later.
Merely raising an eyebrow at them, Bobby crossed his arms over his chest and waited for further explanations. He had always been immune to Sam's puppy dog eyes which was so not fair. Anybody else would have given up by now.
“All I did was bring them soup! How was I supposed to know their flu would be so contagious?” Cas lets out a horrible hacking cough, then croaks, “But if you had just left me alone in here, we wouldn’t both be sick. It’s not my fault that we’re both slowly dying. That’s
“We’re not going to do this,” Cas says, awkwardly readjusting and zipping his pants back up. His voice is so firm that Dean’s starting to think he’s overplayed his hand so spectacularly that he’s about to get smited here and now. God, what kind of fucking idiot hits his knees in front of an angel, not to pray or beg forgiveness, but to
“Still. Last night on Earth, and all.” Dean’s not sure where that comes from, but there it is, out in the open: Dean’s best line. He’s so surprised that he did it
“Yeah,” Cas says quietly, tucking his face in Dean’s neck, enjoying the closeness but also trying to hide his embarrassment. “Is that okay?”
to say anything. So he attempts to collect himself, gets a little irritated so he can maybe regain some semblance of the upper hand here. “C’mon, man, you really think I wanna talk about that shit?”
Cas reads. Dean lets the words flow over him, lets them make light in their living room, lets them make a home in his chest.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas takes a step forward, then stops. He looks at Dean like he wouldn’t mind standing here forever just to watch him, and it’s a look he’s given Dean before, and Dean is filled with so much relief at once that he thinks his knees are going to give out. It’s
Sam looks at Dean, and it’s like he’s seeing right through him. God, he’s always hated how perceptive that kid is. “I think he manipulated a lot of it. I think he created some of the situations we were put in. But I don’t think that absolves Dad of anything, if that’s what you’re getting at.”
Dean’s resolve cracks immediately. He turns around, and there he is. Cas, standing in front of Dean in the trenchcoat and the tie like always, looking worried and scared but alive, alive right here in the goddamn kitchen at ten in the morning.
And it’s been a long time since he did it in the dirt like this, but he drops to his knees. He feels Cas’s gaze on him like physical touch, and glances up. Cas’s expression is impossible to read. Dean figures—hopes—he’s just nervous.
. He shakes that thought away, because what the fuck does that even mean, and stands up too. His knee pops—Jesus, it’s been a while since he’s done that. He guesses it still has, because there is definitively
“Yes,” Cas says like this isn’t a big fucking deal. “As to why it feels that way during sex—the act is already one that creates close contact between my grace and your soul, so I’m guessing that amplifies the feeling you get when I touch the scar.”
Cas figures he can at least make some toast to go with it. Unfortunately, he forgot to buy more bread at the store yesterday, so there are only three pieces left, two of which are end pieces. He toasts them all, gnawing on a thumbnail and trying to convince himself that Dean won’t hate all of this.
?” Dean sits straight up in bed, sniffing around in the air like a bloodhound and apparently completely awake. Cas rolls his eyes and flops over into the warm spot he left behind, pulling the covers up and over himself again. “I can’t believe I didn’t smell that. Damn, Cas. You outdid yourself.”
“Well, heya sunshine,” he drawls, leaning back against the cabinets and wiping his hands on a towel—the dishes can wait a few minutes. “What’s got you smiling?”
Later, after Jack’s tucked into bed and the dishes are done, Dean and Cas sit on the back porch, tucked together on the porch swing. The warm summer evening makes Dean feel younger than he has in years, and as the sun disappears further and further below the horizon, he realizes,
Cas surges up, unable to hold himself back any longer. He takes Dean’s face in his hands and kisses him as deeply as he can, as deeply as he’s ever wanted to. Dean is surprised at first, but meets Cas in the middle like he always does, takes what Cas gives him and then takes some more. They only separate when the tray is in danger of tipping all of their breakfast over onto the floor.
“I’m not pissed.” The bartender says something, and his mouth curls up at the corner. Dean knows that move, and he’s pretty damn sure it looks better on him than it does on this asshole.
Cas gives Dean a flat look, like he’s genuinely reconsidering this whole head-over-heels, see-it-from-space, cosmically-important love they’ve got between them. “I don’t see why it matters.”
“So weird,” Dean agrees, barely stifling a laugh and slipping his arm tighter around Cas. “Now. Tell me about this burger joint.”
“Still you.” But Sam kind of smiles, and Dean feels his heart lift. This is what he knows: finishing up a good hunt, messing with his little brother, eating in a skeezy diner. It’s about as close to being content as people like Dean ever get, anyway; he’s missed the feeling, these past few years without Sam—having it back feels good.
Dean drops into the chair like his strings have been cut, and opens the first aid kit with shaking hands. He avoids Dad’s gaze as he dabs at the gash with an antiseptic wipe—they usually use vodka or something, but Dad’s just pissed enough and just drunk enough that Dean figures it can’t hurt to be extra careful.
Dean turns his head. A man is standing in the shadows near the bar’s back door, impossible to see but clearly watching him. His voice grates low in the quiet of the mostly empty parking lot.
He glances up. Cas is already dropping down beside him, a hand on Dean’s knee and a deeply concerned expression on his face. “Cas, how the—what are you doing here?”
“I made something for you.” Dean notices for the first time that Cas has one hand held behind his back. “I think you’ll like it.”
Dean blinks his eyes open, smiles sleepily at them both, then stands up and stretches, his shirt lifting up, his joints cracking. Cas watches him.
He drives for a long time. By the time he feels like he can stop, he’s got no idea where he is, just some random backroad, flat and endless. The sun has risen entirely over the horizon.
Dean’s grinning as he slips inside their motel room. It’s been a great night—he made almost a hundred bucks, all of the johns were respectful and nice, and one of them even bought him a drink in addition to his usual fee. So he’s feeling just a little loose, relaxed in a way he rarely does after a night of work. He’s planning on falling asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow, and the thought of sinking into the mattress is soothing in a way it usually isn’t—he’s not even worried about nightmares.
Cas is squinting at his reflection in the bathroom mirror, running his hands through his hair as if he’s trying to get it to lie flat—that’s a losing battle—and frowning as he does so. It’s so human, so achingly normal, that Dean feels like his chest is going to cave in.
So Dean spreads the ashes, jaw clenched so tightly that it’s probably going to give him a headache later. There are tears in his eyes, but none of them spill over; he kind of wishes they would, if only to let some of the grief escape him, but again, he can’t do it. He can’t do anything but let the ashes spill out of his hands and be caught by the wind.
“Shut the fuck up.” Dean’s voice has a hard edge, but the desperate fear of his soul and the shining green of his eyes tell Cas all he needs to know. “Shut the fuck up, you’re gonna be fine. You’re fine.”
“Yeah, dumbass. I do.” Dean laughs. He knows he’s blushing like an idiot, but he can’t bring himself to care, not when he’s got an armful of angel. “Y’know, nobody’s ever gotten me flowers before.”
“The world’s not ending anymore, Dean.” Cas goes to the bed, lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder blade. Despite his frustration over
And suddenly, Dean thinks he might cry. There are tears burning hot in his eyes and everything. “Cas, I—” He swallows hard, wills himself not to break down here on the ground with his holy tax accountant. Again, seriously, how the fuck did this go so badly so quickly? “Cas, I’m sorry, man.”
I wanna know why you touching it during sex makes me…” Dean might also blush a little, thinking of Cas’s lips on his throat, his hand fitted over the scar, how quickly Dean had gone right over the edge with his vision whiting out. “Well, you were there.”
The girl is out the door before Dean can even think to say anything else. He watches her out the window for a moment, and it looks like she’s heading to the motel down the road. Dean has the strange urge to laugh at that—some things really don’t ever change.
“Sorry,” Dean says quietly. There’s no reason to whisper, but under all these blankets, it feels like their own little world, something precious and safe, despite all the clammy skin and used tissues; he wants to keep it that way. “I know this sucks.”
Dean wishes he could pull him closer, even though they’re already as tangled together as they can possibly get right now. He settles for pressing a kiss to Cas’s forehead and saying, “Of course. Always will.”
,” Cas says. His voice is measured in the way it always is when he’s reading out loud. Dean likes reading—loves it, maybe—but there’s something special about hearing Cas read to him, something sacred. Like they have their own little pocket of the universe in this worn-in, well-loved living room, like Cas’s head in his lap and Cas’s voice around them are protective sigils all their own. “
Dean blinks, and the silhouette is gone. He charges forward, but there’s nothing there in the shadows, nothing to indicate that a man ever stood there, let alone just disappeared. Dean turns around, craning his neck to look around the parking lot. Nothing. Whoever it was, he’s gone now.
Cas’s wide eyes search his face as he puts one hand on Dean’s arm, right where the handprint is. He doesn’t touch him anywhere else. And then he says, “Dean, I need you to understand me. Are you listening?”
In the lifetimes between then and now, Cas has seen Dean take many forms. He’s seen his body be a weapon and a tool, a violent thing. Cas had loved him then. He’s seen Dean careful, loving, has watched Dean take care of those he cares for. Cas had loved him then. As they built their new life and Dean became softer, happier, Cas had loved him. He’s seen Dean bruised and broken, vibrant and healthy, while making love and while crying and while laughing. And each time, every time, Cas has thought
“Of course.” Cas sits up and studies Dean’s face like he has for years. Dean’s expression is a little difficult to read, but he’s still smiling. Cas feels himself start to smile, too. “So this is okay? You like it?”
“Sorry, pal,” Dean says, taking care to keep his voice light and jovial. “I’m done working for tonight. Gotta get my beauty rest.”
“It’s alright,” Dean says, running his hand down Cas’s thigh. Guys always liked that. “I’m gonna take care of you, okay?” He goes for the zipper and inches it down. Cas shivers—both of them shiver.
Dean searches his face, and though Cas isn’t sure what he’s looking for, he must find it, because he almost smiles. “And the second thing.”
Cas doesn’t bother to respond, focusing on the knot of tension between Dean’s shoulder blades. It was a tough night, but it’s been a tough few weeks for Dean as he struggles to move on from hunting. So Cas tries to put every bit of love he has into his hands as he massages Dean’s back and shoulders. Judging by the smile Dean gives him afterward, Cas thinks he got the message across.
Sam pulls a water bottle from the fridge and drops into the seat across from Dean at the table. Dean’s hands are tight around the mug of coffee he’s already refilled three times. At this point, he barely tastes it.
He waits until Sam is asleep, then slips out of the motel and walks to the bar just around the corner. He lingers outside, coat pulled tight around himself to combat the cold. When he looks back on it years down the line, that’s what Dean will remember best about this night: how cold it was, the way it got in under his skin and burrowed there.
Now, facing the first sober morning in a while, Dean feels sort of like he’s going to die. He barely makes it to the kitchen, and brews a pot of coffee with his face in his hands, breathing shakily. The headache from last night has only intensified. There’s a hollowness in his chest he wishes he couldn’t feel, wishes he could cut out. He imagines he can feel himself coming apart.
Charlie insisted he never got over his 'playing cool' attitude from high school, and maybe she was right, but he was in way too deep to admit that. Cas at least seemed to agree.
You can't help but wonder when your life became so complicated, and how it failed to feel complicated just so long as your Angel was there.
"Normally it's easy to secure funding but the impending lawsuit scared off one of the sponsors and now the others are taking a closer look at the project as well. To estimate if it's worth the trouble I suppose," Cas explained.
Wonderfully unaware of the shock he had caused, Sam turned towards Cas, "It's not gonna change anything at work, I swear. And then toward Dean "and seriously Dean, I'm not going to get all up in your business demanding every single detail about your love life. I'm not mom. Even though Cas is an upgrade from all your previous dates and he needs a plus one for the fundraiser..." he trailed off carefully and grimaced when Dean kicked him under the table yet again the second he unfroze. The world slowly started turning again.
"Oh, is that so?" Cas prompted, clearly expecting more from him as an explanation but he wasn't laughing about him yet so Dean counted that as a win.
