She grabbed her phone and dialed in a number. She counted the rings until a sweet familiar voice answered.
I had finally begun to forget about him. I had started to move on with my life towards new horizons. And I embraced that reality as more time passed. At last, it came time for a final step towards ending my denials, towards recognizing the truth that I would never have him. And that was when I first decided to ask Mary to become a permanent part of my life.
“We’re going to a small study group of friends,” Molly said, though she winced the moment it left her mouth. No one would buy that, least of all Mycroft who could find deductions in the smallest detail, and who certainly wasn’t blind to the dresses and makeup.
He was in a fog. The case he’d just cracked. The woman he’d had chasing after him. John’s attentions. And for once….he couldn’t think.
, he thought to himself, not daring to add it aloud in case Sherlock again commented on the ludicrous possibility of him writing a blog post about this event. It was tempting to the let the whole world know he was the one Sherlock had chosen. But never in this kind of detail. No. He couldn't share this with the world. It was his and his alone.
He sighed and said the unthinkable. "I'd say he's heartbroken…" perhaps he was. Perhaps that truly was the case. Saying it somehow made it more real. "But, er, he's Sherlock. He does all that anyway—"
Hand in the hair…nervousness. Unable to make eye contact. Rambling. Adding details. He knew that well enough.
He’d decided maybe it was time to take a more direct approach. When they entered into Baker street he went right for the kitchen, grabbed a bottle of wine. Nothing like a little liquid courage.
Oh, no-no-no-no-no, we’re fine. No, it’s the, uh, it’s the burglar. He’s got himself rather badly injured.”
The crescendo of music, the rising swell as more and more passion and energy went into each stroke, reaching towards climax, climbing up up up, the tip of the bow sliding more and more rapidly back and forth, the sawing motion arcing as the undulation of smooth vibrato rose faster and faster—
“What in the bedroom?” John said with a chuckle, only to pause when he finally got to the door and saw the figure asleep on the bed.
To make matters worse, Sherlock stalked over and settled a hand on her arm. Gray blue eyes opened to stare up at them.
Irene glanced away from the screen and turned her attention back onto the woman on her bed. She was just about to suggest moving from flogging to something else when a noise caught her attention.
He was stopped in the hallway by a young woman. She was leaning against the wall with a phone in her hand. She tucked it away and looked up when he appeared. Lestrade took a moment to assess her, taking in her professional dress and attractive features.
Moriarty was doing his best to keep his anger contained. It took everything in his power to not simply walk over and grab Sherlock by the throat. Perhaps another time he might give in to that desire. Sherlock always had looked nice with bruising on that gorgeous length of neck.
Mycroft’s eyes were on him. He knew that there was nothing he could do. Not now at least. But back at home…after he’d sorted it all with John, maybe.
His phone beeped once or twice more in their progress onto the bed. He glanced at it before he finally surrendered to Cindi’s attentions.
She was lovely. Dark hair piled high on her hair. Fine features and bright eyes. Her dress showed off her curves and she was wearing almost three inch heels. He swallowed.
John was lying. A small voice in the back of his head whispered it was sentiment getting the better of him. But there were too many signs. Every bit of the way John had said that had seemed like an invention…his nervousness and his inability to keep it simple. All he’d needed to say to Sherlock’s question was yes. Instead he’d rambled. Created. Done his best to keep a story going.
They stopped at a large house, leaving Lestrade a bit more in awe of the Holmes family than he had been before.
He sank back on his elbows, eyes scanning over the various social groups. The preppy girls who were there to watch a few boys showing off with a basketball. And then the small dance troupe that had assembled in one corner.
“You’re bluffing. You should know better,” he muttered as he quickly slapped the last piece of tape over the man’s mouth, effectively gagging him.
“By the time I get back, you’d better have picked out a new case,” John threatened as he started to head towards the door.
Watson smirked and nodded as Moriarty pulled out his wallet. Honestly, simple folk. So easy to work. A little money and they were butter in his hands. Moriarty sighed as he forked over the cash, watching as Watson strutted off. Well, perhaps this time it really would work. If not, it might be time for plan B.
John hoped dearly that ten seconds had passed as he jerked away from Sherlock, moving a hand up to cover his newly freed mouth, trying hard to process what he’d just been thinking. Had he thought snogging would be…arousing? No, hardly. This was…weird. John shook his head and glanced back at Irene who had her head cocked but was still smiling.
The cab pulled up to a curb beside several police cars. John sighed, trying to clear his head as he stepped from the vehicle, grabbing for his wallet to pay the cabbie even as Sherlock immediately stalked off towards the crime scene.
There were footsteps. Sherlock looked up to see John entering the room again, and he froze up. Moans were being emitted from the laptop on the table. John’s eyes narrowed.
“It’s not that hard Mr. Holmes. I’ll direct you and him as I see fit. Just fifteen minutes. I promise you. I know that’s all it would take.”
"The truth? You mean you can't just look at me and tell?" John scoffed. He let out a long sigh. "Fine, yes. The truth is yes. I have…feelings for you. I…I didn't want to ruin this. You're my friend, Sherlock. This was the last thing I wanted…but somehow in the midst of all the teasing and the crimes and the time together…I developed a rather strong sense that…that you were the one I wanted."
"I'm quite sure, John." Sherlock remained reclined in his armchair, pajama-clad and dressing gown-draped, absolutely still with his eyes shut. The nausea, at least, had abated. With his fingers interlaced under his chin and his long lashes against his cheek and clean-shaven again, he looked like an especially lazy Greek statute.
When John is done, his skin flushed and hot and overall properly debauched, Sherlock rolls free, working his jaw and clearing his throat. He rolls further onto his side, his back hunched against John's caressing fingers, and inelegantly shoves a hand between his own legs.
"It is. I know." He kissed the side of Sherlock's head, breathless, almost dizzy; he felt it too. Christ, it was
Sherlock doesn't think that something inside him will ever stop jumping with exhilarated, selfish joy, every time he sees John's left hand, and the ring finger that is bare.
The motions made the lump of oversized clothes wearing thin shift as he uncurled just a little for the first time, and for the first time, Greg was able to see that he'd been holding something close to his chest this entire visit. A newspaper. This entire time, he had been cradling a newspaper, hugging it to his stomach without letting it go. A newspaper? Was there a case in there that he had some deduction for? Was that why he was here?
On one hand, Sherlock obviously wasn't comfortable in this discussion, and he kept not being able to look at John, and flinching, and clearly was trying to say what he thought John wanted to hear instead of what he really thought and felt. And if John hadn't known Sherlock so well... it made a horrible sort of sense, didn't it? Because he had just
His face and neck feel so freakishly hot that for a moment he wants to tear his scarf off and throw it down on the floor.
Lestrade dawdled for several moments on, obviously still torn; even with Sherlock's head still buried into the sofa, he could feel his gaze lingering on him. He desperately wanted to sleep and lick his wounds in private, but his room was
The memory hits him all at once and he moans, sagging right there in the middle of the corridor. It's still in his exam room, at the surgery. He'd taken it out of his pocket to text Sherlock, to remind him to get on Skype, and he'd left it there. It's still there, with his laptop and all of his things. Shit.
He said the words with an air of finality, putting the conversation, or at least this topic of it, at a decisive end. Whatever it was that he knew, he clearly didn't want to talk about it behind Sherlock's back, and John couldn't make him. And he didn't like it, not at all, but... he also did have a point. If this man had hurt Sherlock somehow, Greg definitely wouldn't be keeping silent about it now. Hell, if this man had hurt Sherlock, Greg was, again, right-- Sherlock wouldn't exactly be going on a date with him now, would he? Of course not.
Sherlock had come here tonight to prove that he could. He had never intended to continue this charade past this restaurant, but he had come to this date to make John happy, and-- to prove that he could. To prove that he could be
They can give Sherlock any creature comfort in the world that they want. None of this will matter to him. Sherlock doesn't want order-in room service from a five-star chef, a physician with a pedigree longer than his arm, and a pool downstairs where he can take water therapy with the princess of Wales.
John just shrugs when Sherlock signs as such, dropping his head back to his knees. He does not look like he wants to move from the bathroom floor at any point in the foreseeable future. But when Sherlock takes a step closer, John pushes at his knees, like a cat butting his head against a door. "No, Sherlock, I don't want--" he coughs, a deep, wet, hacking one, and when he clears his throat it sounds like he's swallowing glass. "I don't want to get you sick."
Sherlock sighed again, but it was just a bit easier, now. He leaned his face against John's, then turned to meet him mid-kiss, a foul wrinkle of tension softening away. "I know." He kissed John back, quietly, almost gently.
He's not allowed solid food yet. Maybe he'll sway a nurse into taking them downstairs to Molly. Or looking the other way as he eats them anyway.
He ranted on under his breath a mile a minute, switching topics like the wind and his eyes a bright, almost electric blue. Even riding out withdrawal and pain and his own grief, to look at him now, someone who didn't know him wouldn't have any idea there was anything wrong with him save the mark over his eye.
Francis smiles again, likely sensing the end of this discussion that has already been laid in stone. "That's enough of that, then, I think," he says, sitting back in his seat. "Let's move on. How has the violin been coming?"
John swallows, wrenching his breaths back under control. Once again, the very last thing he needs right now is to pass out or get sick. "Fine," he mutters, "I... I just really need to get home."
That's just about enough for Sherlock to shut his phone off all-together, and recommence trying to find his own fucking way out of this awful alley.
"Mycroft was here," he sighs, scowling at the room at large. John gives him a curious look and Sherlock jabs his head, nodding to the chess game abandoned on his desk. Mycroft had been humoring John- black appears to have been engaged in a strategy to systematically take every piece on the opposing side. "Why was Mycroft here? And why did you let him in?"
Soon enough, the bedroom door creaks open. He listens as John pads out, already dressed for work, by the sound of it. He stops very quickly off in the loo, taking care of his bladder and teeth and hair, and then. There he is.
The silence drags on, with still no motion from Sherlock. With another pointed look, Mycroft clears his throat, flipping pages in one of the files to turn to a clean sheet of paper, a pen now clipped to the edge of the file. "Once again. Brother mine, if you would be so kind..."
get? Feeling miserable for himself? Thinking about his dead assassin wife? Stewing about how he felt for Sherlock?
A box of something is set beside him. Plastic tupperware, by the sound of it. Those chocolate biscuits of hers that he loves, and she makes them for him whenever she can be sure he'll actually eat them.
"John-" he tried. "John-" He caught his sleeve before he got more than a step away, desperately turning the gears in his pounding head, fishing for some excuse, any excuse at all. But the right words were lost underneath the fuzziness in his head and he had no idea what he was meant to say. "You don't need to-"
Thank you all so much for all the comments/kudos!!! This chapter is up a bit early as a thank you, to all the engagement and support I've gotten on this fic so far <3
The detective sat quietly, his expression remaining almost painfully shuttered. He did not look remotely accepting. "You were grieving," he started, voice low. It sounded like an unwilling compromising with
The weeks they spend piecing Sherlock's body back together are the worst of John's life. There is no comparison, to what it feels like to know the person he loves more than anything in the world is hurt this badly, and there is
"Well," he says quietly, setting the sheet aside. "I'm not sure that anyone can ask you to do any better than try."
The bundle of blankets next to him suddenly and violently shifts. Sherlock wrenches away, the look on his face transformed from placid to livid. His eyes are wide and ablaze, burned alive with the sudden fury of it, and he yanks himself away from the brush of John's shoulder to pick up the pen.
Clearly, there was an elephant in the room. "Christ, Sherlock, I told you three times, I'm going to a conference this weekend. Five days, in Dublin? My train leaves in an hour?"
"Yes! Of course!" He stepped even closer, so close that the hard edge of the table dug into Sherlock's back, and one hand patted his hair, like he was a fragile, precious thing. "Surely you know that, Sherlock. I think you're the most special student I've ever had."
He's trembling violently when Sherlock closes the gap, his eyes unfocused because Sherlock knows Baker Street is not what he's seeing. He's seeing Sherlock's broken arm and shredded back, all the way back in hospital. He's seeing Sherlock just yesterday afternoon, huddled in a tearstained ball on the floor like an idiot. He's seeing the entirety of these past ten nightmarish months and now it's all under the veneer of it being
himself. "Dull." He pursed his lips and re-steepled his hands, like he was physically wrapping them around whatever stress he still had and trapping it there, pressing it into nothing. "My point is simply that I was... trepidatious. Enough so to listen. I told Mycroft to piss off, of course, it was none of his business, but-- I tried to take the doctor seriously. I went to see Oscar as soon as I was released, and he'd heard what happened, of course, and he was appropriately worried about me. So I thought it would go well, when I tried to tell him I had to cut back. I told him I couldn't stay late in lab for him anymore, and I couldn't teach his classes that semester either. Which I wasn't supposed to even be doing anyway, though I had for years, but this time I couldn't. And I told him so. Had a bloody doctor's note and everything."
Another few moments passed in silence. Oscar continued to touch his face, both his hands and the ice. It alternately stung and helped, actually, and Sherlock no longer minded it quite so much when Oscar squeezed his shoulder again.
him, because that is what he always does. "What positive strides do you have any hope of your little stunt accomplishing here today?"
The words are low, and croaky, and unfamiliar. They don't sound like his voice. He feels them in his sore throat and how they taste in his mouth, and they're unfamiliar there, too. It feels like the first few weeks of learning a foreign language, when the sounds and syllables are still uncomfortable as he fights his tongue to make it learn the proper ways to move and speak. It's only his name, and there's nothing familiar about it at all.
He holds the leash for a great, slobbering, energy-stuffed golden retriever. His name is Bosco, and he takes a particular pleasure in leaping up to press his front paws to his chest and push him down to the floor whenever Sherlock swings by for a visit. He does not now, of course, because he is overly thrilled and excited to be taken for a walk, but Sherlock still keeps a tight hold on the leash, just in case he spies a stranger he wishes to try it out on instead.
Slowly, deliberately, Sherlock drew back out of his hands, freeing his face, his pale features and blue eyes entirely inscrutable. But he allowed John to drop his arm around his shoulders in replacement without protest. He let John tug him back onto the sofa beside him, not quite looking at him, not quite looking away, the long line of his throat pale and elegant as he forced a swallow.
Sherlock swallows wetly, clutching a hand at nothing but air. Everything feels hollow and his legs are suddenly empty underneath him, cold and empty and
"If your girlfriends only date you because they want to see if I'll remember their names, then I think you're setting yourself up for some extreme disappointment, John." His violin safely settled down and at rest, Sherlock spun back around to flop himself into his own armchair, balled up and curled to rest his chin on his knees and lock his arms tight. It was as secure nest of blankets and restlessness as he could manage, and it wasn't enough.
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, his teeth ground together and his heart in his throat. His fingers kneaded into the old, hideous afghan- a present from Mrs. Hudson- and for god's sake, this wasn't okay. This wasn't okay at all.
He wants it back, and there are rocks in his throat. He swallows around ground glass and he's drowning in his own blood.
"Blaming the victim?" He smiled weakly, staring back down at his exhausted hands. "Isn't that a bit against your creed?"
Thank you everyone to has read or interacted along the way, it has absolutely meant the world to me, and I hope it's been as fun for you to read it as it's been for me to write it <3 I think I got all the replies to people for this update, but if I missed someone, I am sincerely sorry.
Once again, the pieces slipped slowly into place. He remembered the stories he'd heard when he'd gone to Cambridge alone, professors complaining about a sloppy and lazy Sherlock, one who'd tried to skate by on his rich brother's connections, and he sighed. "So you left." He didn't blame him.
"I have a surgery shift today. Not important, though. Someone wants their vaccine jabs. Another need a physical for work. Here would be more interesting. Especially after last night."
It was meant to be rhetorical, but Sherlock answered anyway, his voice low and rough. "Nothing." He rubbed his mouth again, shoulders hunching. "Not now."
John turned back to glance at Mycroft, gauging how long they had left. The politician held up two fingers, his face strained and pale, and John nodded. Two minutes. "Sherlock--" he started, increasingly reluctant, but he had to ask. "Can you wait until we get there? Do you have something with you right now?"
It wasn't until his watch ticked to ten o'clock, the audacity of it burning a hole in John's stomach, that he gave in.
"Yes. Please." He sat up an inch straighter, almost seeming to inflate and glow, his face transformed from a kicked puppy to an eager one. "That would be-- much appreciated. Yes."
"London's own brings home the Nobel Prize: Cambridge professor wins laureate in chemistry," he read aloud, giving Sherlock a slight, purely verbal nudge. "That's right up your alley, innit? Chemistry? Think, Sherlock, that could've been you one day, if you'd wanted."
Sherlock looks- and feels- dreadful. He's wearing unflattering pajamas, his third best dressing gown, and accepted a wheelchair because falling on his face would otherwise be in his future, and he doesn't actually want to be murdered by John. If Sally Donovan had been in tow, there's a solid chance he would've reversed course and saved his pride.
Make me earn it. And don't--" He closed his own eyes for a moment, blinking back the sting. "I want to promise you that I'll never do this to you again but clearly I can't, because this isn't even the first time. But that's what I want to do. I want to be able to promise you that something like this will never happen again and that's what I'm trying to do with Ella. Sherlock,
for it all to be for nothing. For John to see who he really is, right here at the finish line, and be there when something happens and he can't do it and he fails
John could kill him. John could shoot him in the face just like Sherlock had shot Magnussen for him.
John flexed his hand again in his lap, trying to force those gleeful thoughts out of mind. He really wasn't supposed to be enjoying thinking about breaking anyone's nose, or making excuses to do it.
Sherlock prances about as if his vocal chords were ripped out of his throat. To look at him now, nobody would have any fucking idea that instead he'd sat up in a hospital bed six months ago, with one black eye and a swollen lip and long, new scars on his back, and hasn't said a word since.
He kissed him long and hard and breathless. He held his collar and he shoved his tongue into his mouth. He felt Oscar's surprised intake of breath against his face, but he never tried to stop him, he never even protested, so Sherlock kissed him and hated every slimy, wet second of it, and he kept kissing him until his lungs strained for air and stepped back with one final suck at his mouth.
"There we are," he said, shooting Sherlock a lazy grin. He dropped one arm around his shoulders, pulling him in closer to his side for a squeeze. "That took a lot longer than I thought it would; I'm beat. How're you doing, Sherlock?"
And now he'd put bruises into Sherlock's skin, and broken bones inside his body, and beaten him. He'd hurt him. He'd kicked him until he was spitting up blood onto the floor.
"Sir--" One arm squirms under his grip, the same arm that had pinned Sherlock's hands. "Sir, he was--"
. But I will not--" His throat scratched at itself and he shifted, suddenly having to tear his eyes off of John's. "I will need to think about the rest."
"Sherlock. Sherlock." John edges closer, crouched across from him on the hard, rough floor. He's still so
"John," Sherlock said again, somewhat urgently now. He really, really did not want to talk about this. "It's all right. It is. If you need to apologise, then-- I accept it without reservation. Of course I do." He sounded bewildered for a moment, as if he could hardly believe it himself. "We were both at our worst, so of course--"
He plays violin to himself in the mornings, because that's another thing he can do, now. He can play violin.
And he actually feels the slightest bit guilty, now. Which is utter nonsense. But Mycroft is unhappy that Sherlock had gone to John before he'd gone to him, that Sherlock had trusted himself to an ex-army doctor with a tyre iron before he'd relied on the most powerful man in all of Britain, and-
It's for the best anyway, he thinks. Still curled up there and looking pathetic. His violin, while under the influence of drugs, sounds absolutely disastrous. It's the screeching of a cat beat against the walls and it's out of tune screeching at that. He's recorded it once, for the sake of science, and never again.
and pivoted back to face John. He was still red in the face and his lips were tight, betraying a quiet, simmering anger, but he stood there and looked down at him and had gone almost unnaturally still. "You have no idea how old Sherlock was the first time."
Sherlock manages something barely approaching a smile of his own. It feels like a nail has been driven into his chest, that Sherlock is himself the one that hammered it in, and John is now gently wedging it out.
"This is..." Sherlock licked his lips, his mouth gone suddenly dry. He looked up at John, another thudded heartbeat sounding in his ears.
and if he'd had it in hand he might've thrown it. "No, Sherlock, don't just-- this can't work like that! You were at your worst and you hurt yourself with it, and that's... not okay, but... I was at my worst and I hurt
It wasn't a good sign that Sherlock, even in his intoxicated state, knew exactly how far his dealer was from him. But they'd deal with it. They had to. Sherlock hadn't used, and that was what was important.
Sherlock scowled, dropping his stubbornly blank mobile into his lap. Did he want an apology? Was that what he was waiting for? Or some other sort of nudge? Surely not the former; surely Sherlock was not expected to sink to the level of such sentimental tripe. It wasn't as if Sherlock had written that dammed article. What did it matter, anyway, what other people thought? Other people were idiots. There was a reason Sherlock wanted nothing to do with them.
But Sherlock seemed to be put on edge even worse than before, his voice rising and he still couldn't face him, he
Ministrations now complete, John turns away to sit down back in his chair, dropping down like a puppet with its strings cut and then his face into his hands. Sherlock's been home five minutes and he already looks like he regrets it, and the feeling sinks in his stomach like a stone.
He has always found it easier to express sentiment and emotion acceptably through his violin. It's hateful, to try and put it to words-- he already knows what he wants to say will always come out wrong. He's passionate about creepy, freakish things, his limits are all wrong, the things he actually wants to say are always inappropriately timed or make someone cry or a bit not good. He can't do things
He writes the last two words, knowing John won't be able to translate the signs for them. Sherlock isn't sure he even knows them himself. But John is immediately upright all the same, joining him in searching out the window. He groans at the sight, but his smile glints with a hard edge of steel.
Sherlock is still backed against the wall, his thin chest heaving and face dotted with sweat. For a moment, John has no idea what Mycroft is so obviously referring to-- but then he sees it.
The kettle boiled. He took it off the heat, feeling Sherlock's eyes digging into his back with every step. He measured it out into the mugs already on the counter-- one glass, one still plastic, he noted-- and added a metric ton of sugar to the plastic one. The sugary cake at the cake place had been the brightest he'd seen Sherlock's eyes in weeks.
moving from his throat to his fingers, but he'd already sworn to not get up from this sofa until he'd accomplished what he'd set out to do. So he lifts a theme from a Bach partita, and he develops it out with elementary music theory. Measure after measure, all the way down the page.
Sherlock went at it for most of the day. John went at it for slightly less, taking a break several times to indulge in break room coffee, and, mostly recently, a vending machine sandwich that looked... well, it looked atrocious, but that was what normal people did, wasn't it? They took lunch breaks. So Sherlock continued on his warpath, and meanwhile, John yawned at the table, picking with supreme disinterest through cardboard bread and warm ham.
For a moment, John wants to just tug Sherlock up right now and get him down to Greg's police car. He does not
"John," he said suddenly, his voice low. With another sharp, stuttered breath, and he lowered his face to rub his mouth, his skin taking an almost greyish quality. "John, I think I'm going to be sick."
Was that why Sherlock had been so wary about this? Was that what Ella was trying to say? That John was really the most significant relationship that Sherlock had ever had, platonic or not, and... John had hurt him. John had used his fists and his words to hurt Sherlock more than once. Sometimes not even on purpose, but-- sometimes intentionally.
John laughed again, beaming even brighter than before. "Yes, Sherlock, you do," he said, kissing the unbruised side of his forehead, then an unmatted clump of hair. "You
The doctor gave a small curse, something about his imagination. Then the door closed, and he was left in peace once more. He opened his eyes and glanced towards it to make sure, noticing the coat hanging there. To his surprise a soft noise echoed from the coat pocket, but whatever it was he didn’t have the energy to get up.
Her eyes fluttered a bit, threatening to close without her permission. How long had she been awake now. Fifty hours? Seventy? Any more and she’d likely start hallucinating.
John was doing his best to keep his mask in place. But honestly, every day it was becoming more difficult.
“All I’m saying is you could use some enjoyment in your life,” Irene said with a sigh. “God knows I could at least, and I have far more fun than you. A boyfriend might be just the thing you need.”
Mycroft just looked at him for a long moment and then said. “Don’t try to…” He paused and glanced back at Molly. “Who drove you home?”
“All right,” Watson said. “You help me that’s fine. But I’m not messing with Moriarty. I want to make that clear. You do your part there. I’m merely in this for the cash.”
Lestrade nodded emphatically. “True, true. But…I’m sure there are girls who’d be into that. After all, there’s this moody vampire thing that’s so popular amongst a lot of teenagers. How far off could your sulky older brother be?”
There was only a loud snore in reply, but it was enough for Sherlock, knowing John was sleeping and safe…and potentially returned his feelings. They would have to have a good talk.
Still, Sherlock had spared her life. And when it came down to it, there were plenty of worse ways her life could have turned out.
John did his best to not sigh in relief. Good, so Sherlock hadn’t intended to give her the phone then. Just trick her. Perfect.
After just a moment to let the information sink in, he leaned forward and stared into his captive’s eyes.
“Deny that you love him of course,” Adler rose to her feet and sashayed over to John, causing him to have to try desperately to maintain eye contact.
As he lay there panting, trying to regain his breath and his mind, Sherlock tried to make some sense of the implications of this. Option A, he was still under the effects of the drug and therefore was stimulated by the thought of sex with someone who was attractive to him. Option B, he was experiencing some level of sexual arousal due to his high adrenaline inducing activities (this had happened before actually).
Donovan jumped in. “We set Moriarty onto the whole thing. You see, Lestrade here likes Molly Hooper.”
The swell of music began again. The same tune that seemed to speak of heartache and love lost. John tensed.
“Don’t worry, I’ve studied the subject of male sex rather extensively,” he deadpanned, smoothing a hand down my torso.
He headed down the stairs, relaxing only slightly when the door closed behind him, and he could finally get the sound of violin out of his ears. Until he realized John was playing loud enough he could hear it even through the bloody window. Ridiculous instrument. Why would anyone invent such a horrid thing?
“Yeah there’s this great restaurant I’ve been wanting to try… and we could…you know…eat and maybe…study?”
“Now, enjoy watching a bit. You’ll see what I mean if you’re observant. Now, I must be off so I can return and watch later.”
“Oh never fear my pretty virgin,” Irene purred. “I’ll have this one take good care of you. Follow my instructions through for fifteen minutes, and I’ll give you your information.”
John glanced around. He couldn’t mean Shannon could he? Pretending to have her jewels stolen seemed a bit odd.
Sherlock allowed himself to collapse on the bed, sighing as his head made contact with the pillow. He just needed to rest for a moment.
John nodded and set to it, somewhat relieved to be able to stare at his screen for a moment rather than at the two ridiculous people in front of him.
John grabbed for his coat, eager to get out for the day. Go somewhere else. Leave the sound of wailing violin in 221 B where it clearly belonged and pretend for a while that Sherlock Holmes did not exist.
was why no cases ever got solved around here without him; here he was, actually investigating, while everybody else wasted their time with tabloid magazine fluff articles.
Mind palace John finds him again, because he's too miserable to even pretend it's not what he wants. He sinks deeper into his own head, the emergency lights dimming as his breaths steady and the urgent alarms switching off when his body understands that he is safe, and the danger is only in skin and muscle memory, reminiscent in fear. John wraps around him in the morgue and mind palace John lets him sink onto his side, clutched around his lap in the dark.
It's ludicrous. Sherlock doesn't know why he bothers pretending, at this point. It could not possibly be any more apparent, even to someone as average-minded as John: Sherlock Holmes needs John Watson.
Sherlock flicks the pen at him, still held in his mouth. He looks perfectly at home and absolutely content.
"John," Sherlock finally said. His vice was faint and raspy, like he barely had the wherewithal to speak.
He would run, if provoked. If Greg pushed at all, just the slightest bit, then he would run. And he wouldn't come back.
He groaned but did as he was asked. There was an immediate temptation to just ignore her, but the whole point of this was to get her to talk, not to pleasure himself or Sherlock.
Yay another update! I was initially going to include the party in this chapter too, but figured it would be too long, so another chapter should be up fairly soon.
Their lips connected before he had a second to think. He reached to weave his fingers into John’s hair, pulling him closer. He closed his eyes again, allowed himself to savor that previous memory, and to store away this one too. He’d fill a whole room in his mind palace with them. Build an entire library to what they had and fill it with books full of each kiss and each moment. How fitting now that he knew what to call it. Love.
Every person in the streets was a potential enemy. As she scurried past another woman she did her best to look down, thinking how possible it could be that someone had already sent a killer after her. They had nothing to lose now. She was a sitting duck, and it was open season now.
“Er, right. I’ll just go have a wash and then…I think I’ll go to the store anyhow. We’re running a bit low on milk again.”
Lestrade shook his head. “Aw, you pulled through all right. You take care of yourself, you hear me Sherlock? I’m glad you’re doing better but…just…I’m here for you if you ever need, right mate?”
John shot him a glare. “I went for a walk,” he said. “What expected me to circle London and then come back?”
John had no time to think. Suddenly Sherlock’s mouth was on his, arms tugging him a bit closer. He felt himself groan, relaxing into the kiss. One of Sherlock’s hands had come up to cup the side of his face, and then his tongue was tracing gently along his lips. John felt himself hardening in his trousers. God, no other kiss felt like this. Jeanette’s seemed childish in comparison.
“It’s crazy…but…” she paused and pursed her lips. “God, I would never suggest this ever but… we need a backer.”
What the bloody hell was he doing? But if I truly was uncomfortable I didn’t voice it. He was so close, his breath against my cheek. I didn’t dare move as he cupped my face and leaned in and—
The door slammed and John sighed. So much for a thank you. Giving up his girlfriend. Sitting here by himself reading a book while Sherlock possibly got high in his bedroom. Closest he would ever coming to being Sherlock Holmes' boyfriend.
“And somehow managed to do the deadbolt behind him?” Sherlock said drily. “Use your brain Lestrade.”
She paused and glance up again, head tilted slightly as she regarded him. John's mouth kept opening and closing.
Eyes narrowing, Sherlock tried his suspected email address and password combination only to have an error box pop up.
Irene was wearing a low cut black dress, full make up, and tall stiletto heels that made her look incredibly sexy. Sally downed another swallow of her drink before heading in Adler’s direction.
He struggled to piece it together still as he worked through his classes, and was still pondering when he went to meet Irene after school was finished.
“I know when the system’s been played with,” Donovan said. “I’m not an idiot. You leave my grades alone. I gave you a useful tip.”
Unable to move, he simply watched as John rounded up the stairs, panting hard as he reached the top.
Oh god. Irene. Her weird fetish with having Sherlock touch him and…he thought back to the kiss in her house and the love bite a month later.
She’d used his school email. Contacting him to set up the meeting. And he responded five minutes later to say that he’d be delighted to meet her over lunch to begin working with her. Perfect, finally she’d have her second language straightened out and actually make the grades she wanted. Third language. She was forgetting Latin. But Latin didn’t involve speaking. Especially speaking with growling noises and strange formations of the mouth that didn’t suit her usual English pronunciation.
He watched Sherlock’s hand on the violin again. The man’s eyes were closed, concentration fully in playing a short little round of Christmas carols. Mrs. Hudson looked positively gleeful on the couch, still drinking. John sighed and decided to go make himself useful and make her some tea. The party had barely started and she was already tipsy.
The detective looked at him for a moment from where he was examining the windows. “Black, two sugars please.”
“Not much happening?” Irene asked. “Or that’s what I would assume at least, especially considering you didn’t come get me.”
“Oh that’s sweet of you dear, but it’s all right. Sherlock has been in a mood for quite some time now,” she whispered. “What happened with you two?”
“Wear what you’re comfortable in,” Lestrade remarked. “Don’t give a fuck about what anyone else has to say.”
Sherlock put a finger to his own lips and reached down to grab the phone out of his dressing robe pocket. He pulled out his phone and gazed down at the text.
He did not relish the thought of her being here. Anything could happen at an event like this. And Molly lacked the traditional Holmes’s cleverness.
What very few knew about Irene, was she had an intense interest in gay men. While a man at her control was interesting, she grew weak at the knees watching two men submit to one another. There was such a fascinating power dynamic, and it worked so well. Kate was well aware of this of course, often finding her gay erotica in her spare time.
He pulled himself out his thoughts in a moment to see what Sherlock was talking about. He felt a little bit of hope as he saw Sherlock studying his blog. Well then, perhaps he didn't think it was as entirely stupid as he pretended.
However, Sherlock’s brief consideration of the facts was interrupted as he noticed something alarming. His eyes caught on the door where there were obvious signs someone had forced it open. A scowl crossed his face as he pushed the door open, scanning for other signs and quickly finding ones that alarmed him.
He broke off and stared towards the figure that had suddenly appeared in the room. He was expecting Mycroft's tall well-dressed form. But instead it was Irene Adler, much better clothed than the last time he'd seen her but nonetheless still appearing quite sensual and deadly.
“Forget her,” Donovan said with a shake of her head. “Her family is incredibly uptight, and it’s a widely known fact that the Holmes siblings aren’t allowed to date.”
Sherlock was silent. He had no words for her. His heart was pounding more quickly. Was it possible? He had been suspecting John had lied…but it still seemed so unlikely. Could John truly love him?
“Every good brain needs a heart,” Irene said lips curving into a smile. “My lovely Kate, what would I do without you?”
If Sherlock heard he didn't respond. Simply continued to play his music. John wondered for a moment what would happen if he walked over and smashed the bloody violin to pieces. He thought for a moment how wonderful it would be to feel the wood crack beneath his fingers. And then he'd turn to Sherlock and say "You don't need her, I'm all you need" and kiss him on the lips and have his bloody way with him…
By now she needed a bit of everything. Sleep. Water. Food. Warmth. Perhaps a nice wash too based on her smell. There had to be another option. There had to be some way. She couldn’t give up.
My poor poor followers, I have let you down and I apologize. I’ve been really involved in my other two WIP’s and didn’t even realize how much time had passed. Be warned updates will probably continue to be infrequent, but I truly do want to finish this story and will try my best.
Sherlock blinked a few times, but still kept his gaze focused. John wanted to look away, but he couldn't. He needed to be ready the moment Sherlock spoke.
“Sorry brother dear,” Sherlock said. “I’ll make it up to you somehow. Then again, perhaps you can just skip buying a fancy suit this month. Or go without your personal trainer… can’t be that hard to say no to cake, can it now?”
Stepping out of the cab, he had to consider the real possibilities here. John’s tone had been one of concern. He’d been doing his best to solve the dilemma with Irene Adler himself. Had that been enough to motivate him to lie?
His fingers worked to undo the buttons on his shirt. He thought back to earlier when he'd done this for Irene's little games. But this time it was for his own pleasure, and he couldn't deny how much faster his heart was beating as a result.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to the stage as the soft tone to signal the end of intermission rang out.
Sherlock sighed, steepling his fingers under his chin, wondering how long he could go in silence before John would become upset.
Lestrade smirked. “Ah, well, doesn’t mean you couldn’t find one. You seem like a decent girl. Got to be someone willing to put up with you.”
John had to admit, he was mesmerizing. He couldn’t tear his eyes off of Sherlock as the other boy began to move to the music, hips gyrating, body moving in perfect rhythm. He swayed, arms raising above his head before sliding back down over his chest and down to his waist. John swallowed as he followed Sherlock’s movements, admiring his slim lithe figure, suddenly turned so unexpectedly sexual.
“You aren’t my heart, Mr. Holmes. Any more than I am yours. We’d be quite ill-suited for one another.”
Sherlock tried his best to keep his face neutral, even as he considered the possibility of John lying. Would John lie? Was that possible? But how else had Irene Adler gotten ahold of the sound of him moaning.
Both Lestrade and Molly reacted with shock. Jeanette looked intensely uncomfortable by the whole situation.
He waited until Sherlock was finished with his stretches. The other boy came over to grab for a bottle of water.
I couldn’t bear Baker Street after just a few days. It became too much. I apologized to Mrs. Hudson and moved out, rented a flat on the other side of the city where I could ride the tube to work and gradually start forgetting. Other than the bloody therapist everybody started recommending I go see.
"I'll come after you if you don't," John growled, fists curling. He would. He'd chase her to the ends of the earth to have Sherlock's happiness back. Just to see one of his quirky siles or catch a glimpse of joy glittering in his attractive eyes.
“It’s nothing crucial, so what happened? Don’t you be trying to put me off, I know you and John have been all out of sorts for months. So what was it this time?”
“I believe it’s you who likes danger,” Sherlock said. “Though not quite how everyone imagines I suppose. Still, a little drag racing to raise some money for your brother… touching.”
When the curtain fell for intermission, Sherlock did his best to school his face back into a neutral expression, but it was proving more difficult than he might have anticipated. This was not helped by Irene excusing herself with a smirk, leaving him and Watson alone.
Okay, should be obvious by now but I'll say for any new readers this was started pre season 4 so not compliant with current cannon.
“Smoking indoors…isn’t there one of those…one of those law things?” he said as Mycroft lit the small roll for him.
He looked around and his eyes settled on a tray of shots. It took him only a moment to make his calculations. He hadn’t eaten all day. Based on his weight and his minimal experience with alcohol before…well it would only take a few of those to get thoroughly pissed.
She sat and waited. Nothing came. With a sigh she settled back in her seat. A game then. Even though she'd been informed it was over.
Every emotion possible flitted through him simultaneously. Anger and confusion and sorrow and joy. Sherlock had been heartbroken for nothing. Sherlock had been wrongly hurt. Sherlock would be with Irene Adler and not John. Sherlock would be elated to know that Irene was alive…and that he no longer needed to mourn.
There was a snap of bitterness in his voice as he addressed her. Tried to tell her not to cry. But he left any emotion out of it. Did his best to conceal the worry building beneath the surface. He couldn’t make it apparent to these men that he cared.
He tilted his head, blonde hair catching the light in a way that had Sherlock swallowing. What was it about this boy that undid him so? Sherlock took another step forward, willing his heart to slow down.
Sherlock sighed. It made them three of a kind. None of them caring all that much about Christmas. Not like John about to go spend the night with his new girlfriend, or Lestrade going to try to reconcile things with his wife or Mrs. Hudson who was at least going to call her sister or maybe going to have a bite to eat with Mrs. Turner. No, he and Molly, and Mycroft were all loners. All left to fend for themselves in the merriness of the holidays.
Greg was delighted when he got the message. He hadn’t been expecting it to be honest. Hoping maybe, but not expecting. Still, when Molly’s cute little text came through asking to meet up after school, he had to smile. Perhaps his luck really was changing.
Molly’s lower lip trembled slightly, but she sat, folding her hands in her lap. Sherlock looked up at Mycroft, waiting for the hammer to fall.
"But it's not like that with you," Sherlock said. His eyes seemed practically luminescent. John tried to remember if he'd ever seen them like that before. So full of life. So full of
She stared at him, looking him straight in the eyes. Within a few seconds he was squirming, and she knew she’d done her job well. She pouted a little bit more.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He was still trying to process. John was angry with him. Why was John angry with him? Other than the obvious of being sexually frustrated, he couldn’t really find a logical reason for John to be feeling such.
“No.” Kate’s voice is a snarl. “I was right all those years ago. I knew… I knew someone like you could never truly love someone like me. And all my friends…they all said you were dangerous. They said to steer clear of you. God, they were right….”
John moved over to the couch, sitting down beside Sherlock and pulling at the neck of his jumper. Sherlock frowned and reached for his phone, turning on the camera before adjusting the angle to fit both of them in.
Lestrade’s eyes bugged out. “Really? What, he off at that bird’s place again? Can’t believe they’re actually going out.”
“And if we’re going to talk about Sherlock, why are you pushing John Watson at him?” Irene said, smirking as she took a sip of her own drink.
John swallowed and willed himself to speak calmly. "Ages. I think I've had them all along, but that kiss…it opened my eyes. Made me more willing to see it."
Lestrade blinked a few times and then nodded. “Oh. Well even better. I mean guys are more willing to put up with fellow guys being dicks. And your brother’s attractive and…I mean there’s probably guys who’d find all that hostility really kinky.”
“So the boy who convinced the school you weren’t actually selling drugs isn’t someone you’re interested in?” Donovan asked, folding her arms. “Seems like you two get along fairly well all things considered. Even if to do so he mention that you were really busy hacking into teachers accounts to correct the grades your customers received on their exams.”
Lestrade was apparently busy. He waited on the line, wondering how long he should hold before just giving up and taking action himself. Not that he wasn’t going to do
"So," he said finally, when he had gotten his voice back. He coughed and cleared his throat again, working his hands out as if they could beat the kinks out of his words and force them to comply. "To recap."
"Okay," John sighs, his bright eyes squeezing shut. He swallows hard, and re-wraps his hands around over his.
and once she even kissed him on the forehead. She asked after him and accepted grunts as her answer, and told him his playing was lovely as he sawed out melodies of the disgustingly melancholy.
John sways for a moment, faintly woozy. His head hurts, his stomach is swimming, and it feels like he's had one too much to drink.
"Home, then?" Lestrade asks, tilting his head back towards the entrance. "I can you two lads a lift back to Baker Street. It's on my way back to the Yard, anyway."
He could count the ceiling tiles upstairs and fully categorise the different species of toxic mould in the break room.
He tucks Sherlock's hand into the spot, arranging everything so it just falls limply right into the bowl. It only takes a few moments before his fingers realise what they're doing, and curl around a biscuit.
He eats. He eats on a damn schedule like clockwork. He eats twice a day even on a case, 1500 calories of eggs and protein and vegetables and it's so
"That's it," he murmurs, nodding in time with each of Sherlock's rapid-fire wheezes of breath. "There you go. You're doing great, Sherlock, that's brilliant. Keep going, baby, just like that."
He doesn't dare move, can't dare to do anything at all beyond watch him with bated breath and wait. He's doing it. He's writing. He can't speak but he can write. Damn it, Mycroft was right, Mycroft was
He swipes his scarf off the bathroom counter, and emerges back into the flat with his hair still drying and a grin of his face.
John tried to roll it back in his head, playing through conversation that had happened days ago now. Before that horrible look on his face this afternoon and whatever the hell Mycroft was doing here tonight. He had, hadn't he? Wasn't that what had happened? He'd assumed, and Sherlock had... let him assume that. He hadn't challenged it, so he'd thought...
He rolls his head, just barely. The fall of his dark hair against the pillow makes him look frighteningly pale, and John rubs his cold shoulder a little, trying to warm him. Good. John doesn't want to talk about the case, either.
for reasons he was still struggling to properly discern. After all, as John had been so quick to illustrate on this case, they were not friends. They were flatmates, with John occasionally conscripted into the role of live-in physician. John was not supposed to care like this. But he did. He did, and it was going to be an ongoing experiment to best thoroughly understand why.
If Wilson had been a proper partner instead of an abusive fuckwit, John fumed, he would've noticed the symptoms too.
Mycroft glances between the two of them again, unreadable in exact the same way his brother is-- the familial relation has never been so unmistakeable. But something about it makes John want to clutch Sherlock to him even tighter. "Not as such," he returns cryptically, whatever the fuck
"Sherlock," he croaks. Oh, god. He did this. He did this to him. "I'm so sorry." He tries to reach for him and Sherlock thrusts a sharp elbow into his chest, throwing him aside to tear free only to just stop in the middle of the room, shuddering from head to foot and covering his face with his hands. He's a cross between livid and terrified and shattered, and it's all his fault.
A very big part of John wanted to call it quits, go straight back home, and drink himself to sleep. He wanted to do what he'd done on Sherlock's birthday-- hit the ground running with Sherlock's apparently unending capacity to forgive, sweep everything under the rug with it, and then keep running. Run away. Again.
"Is it not enough that you are my brother, Sherlock?" Mycroft asks, tilting his head to the side. He looks at him with naked sympathy, and it is disgusting beyond measure. But it is sympathy. It is genuine sympathy and it makes him feel more exposed than anything else ever could've. "Sentimental affection, for the only remotely intelligent individual I have the displeasure of sharing this city with? Make it out to selfishness, if you will... my life would be considerably dimmer if you were not in it."
"...yeah. Yes. That's... yes." John nods, once. His head is heavy, his eyes still half-drooping, but a hand cups his shoulder and stays there, circles traced into his bare skin. "That's good, Sherlock, that's really good. We were going to start weaning you to oxy soon anyway- your attending will be happy. It's always a good sign when the patient requests less painkillers." He looks to Sherlock's PCA next, nudging the constant infusion rate down a notch or two. The renewed pang hits almost immediately. "All right?"
"Donovan or I will text you what happens," Greg promises, his face strained with worry. "Come on, you lunatic,
Donovan smiles tightly back, sitting on her heels. "My sister was born deaf," she says to John, clearly not an invitation to inquire more, and turns her gaze back down to Sherlock.
"Okay. All right, Sherlock. You need to calm down, now. Right now, understand? You're hyperventilating. That's why you feel like this, you're not getting enough oxygen, and that's telling your brain there's something to be scared of, but there's nothing, all right? It's just me." Something warm gathers around his hand and folds his fingers like a marionette's, folds each one, turning them until they feel something thudding underneath them.
"So. If he's still-- then--" Lestrade swallows audibly, fishing for the words. He clearly doesn't know how to talk about it or how to call it. "I'm sure it's obvious to him, I guess, but if he can't--
The words stick to his gums, with lead in his veins. He is rotting and miserable and hates it, but if he doesn't say it now, then he knows he never will.
to tell John that he has expanded his support network. He should've told him months ago, and he should be chomping at the proverbial bit to tell him right now. John would be thrilled, of course, and relieved, and probably stupidly announce again that he's
John seemed to be in a similar sort of mood. Tight-lipped and sullen, his shoulders slumped as he trudged inside with the weight of what looked like the world on his shoulders. He'd been checked over the paramedics even more aggressively than Sherlock had, refused a ride to an A&E through sheer stubbornness alone, and finally been let go with instructions to come in if he experienced any bouts with dizziness, headache, or severe nausea. They were still waiting on the blood test results, to see what Moriarty had drugged him with.
"Well, no one cares what he thinks." Sherlock groaned and dropped back, covering his face with his hands, but this time he just looked tired rather than overcome. All of this was, still, coming after a pretty damn exhausting night. "Believe it or not, I haven't always been so cavalier about my transport. Not that I was ever particular about it, but this was the first time it had ever betrayed me and I was eighteen, waking up in hospital, with a doctor telling me I had nearly died with how poorly I was taking care of myself, and that if I didn't change something then it was going to happen again."
John hmmed to himself, his back still to him. He said nothing at first, passing the slowly filling water glass between his hands. "But you never had dinner with her."
Sherlock showed up here, upset, bewilderingly, about a newspaper article, talking all about a Cambridge professor's grounding achievement of the decade. Sherlock claimed to know the scientist responsible for the work, and said he was dead of a heroin overdose. Not exactly a common habit, among hugely successful scientists.
He never wants to see Mycroft in this flat again, and the next time he shows his face here is not going to be pretty.
"Sherlock," Mycroft started again. A little louder this time, his voice tinged with the return of worry instead of relief. "Are you--"
The question is pointed and oddly flat. As if it's not a question at all, really, but a statement of fact.
But. Yes. Needs must, after all. After all other options had been exhausted, there was nothing else for it but to tell the truth.
From far, far away, he feels John's fingers in his hair. He says something, something that sounds a bit like
" He paces back and forth, tearing at his hair with his eyes gone wide and horrified. "I can't believe this! This whole time I've been so worried, trying to figure out what could've possibly caused this, and this whole time, it was-- no. No,
Mycroft blanches, his unshakable composure rocked and shattered just like that. For the first time, there's three people rattled in this room instead of two.
"Everyone here seems to remember him very well," John said tightly. He clenched his jaw, digging his thumb into his pocket just to keep his hands still. "He was a student here twenty years ago, right? Do you usually remember all your students like that?"
Also, when he realised Milgram's fire-scorched remains would be even more problematic than Milgram himself, and would solve exactly none of his problems.
John moves back home, and Sherlock wraps himself all around him and doesn't let him go. John moves back home, and this time he's there to stay, and it's 2010 again, but this time forever.
Sherlock slumps lower on his knees, shaking his head. He's already half on the floor and sinks all the rest of the way, and he can't
And if he answers with that, then he has to sit here and listen to Francis tell him, patiently, like he's a small and stupid child, that that
But whatever it is that has him so upset, he just can't communicate it. John worries that that's exactly the problem. This all happened because some sodding bastard took him by surprise, he wasn't able to communicate, and got assaulted because of it. The fact that he can't communicate
It slowly occurs to John, sitting there together on the floor, with Sherlock too thin and too cold and just
The only break in the silence is the sound of chewing and chopsticks. John scrapes at the styrofoam, picking at rice with a single-minded intensity and staring at it like it's the most interesting thing in the world. He doesn't look at Sherlock, now, and Sherlock may not understand much, but after years of living with John (and living without him), he does know it's best to let him be.
A/N: Sorry for the late update. Today is a terrible day but hey here’s some fic anyways. Sometimes you just got to write through the pain. Hope you enjoy! If you like please review. I need a pick me up.
Sherlock froze at that. Molly had presented two real possibilities. And both had him terrified. Either John really did love him but was worried his feelings might scare Sherlock off. Or, the alternative was that John really did love him…but felt that they wouldn’t really be a good couple together. And with their history together, that was certainly probable. That John was happy living with him, but thought that Sherlock was too…Sherlock to possibly merit anything more. After all, it wasn’t implausible for someone to find him attractive. Molly herself was evidence of that. But even she seemed to have moved on by now. He glanced her over and saw more than one sign that she’d had sex in the last week.
Ah, so that was it. John frowned. Of course, Sherlock would be disappointed she was going to be gone soon. Upset that the one woman he'd cared for wasn't a possible person for him to love.
“It took you long enough to get them,” Irene said, she stretched out, showing off just a bit more. “I really did think you hadn’t noticed. So good you did for Dr. Watson’s sake.” She looked towards him smiling. “Perhaps some of that love is returned at least.”
Irene elbowed him once in the middle of the performance and he was forced to glance back at what was happening in the choreography, but it was very difficult to keep his eyes off of John Watson.
He turned to go back over to his car and assess the damage. With any luck the deal he’d worked out last week would come through and he’d have some more cash by the end of the week. Or perhaps mummy would be home this week and he could wrangle some out of her. So far he wasn’t too concerned. But a car was a luxury. And it made his dealings outside of school easier. Sherlock’s bitchy behavior had cost him something.
Again his fingers were shaking by the time they reached Sherlock’s fly. He was careful as he undid the button and then pulled down the zipper. He only paused when he realized Sherlock wasn’t wearing any underwear.
“So we’ll be hearing your moans for as long as Irene Adler decides to use them,” Sherlock pointed out.
“I can’t take all the credit. Had a bit of help,” she said suddenly. “Oh, Jim Moriarty sends his love.”
He sighed and looked into the parking lot. His eyes strayed over the figure of a girl a year younger than him. Just a quick scan provided him with all the deductions he needed. From her clothing he could know that her parents were getting a divorce. From her hair he could see that she was currently seeing two boys. It wasn’t all that hard to parse out.
"All right," Kate repeated. "You're forgiven. If you behave, that is. Will you behave for me, mistress?"
John was still trying to process everything that had happened over the course of the day. Sherlock sitting in Buckingham Palace wearing only a sheet, Sherlock disguising himself to go meet Irene Addler, or The Woman, or whatever the hell she was supposed to be called. And then being allowed to punch Sherlock in the face. What a day.
She watched his face start turning red, but she walked away before he could make his excuses. Better than an admission of guilt right there. Donovan smirked and shook her head. Well, if this situation wouldn’t provide her with any action, maybe she could at least live vicariously through Lestrade and his little fling.
“There has to be someone,” Lestrade argued. “It’s a big school. I mean...I think crazy might be sort of our ticket you know…just not…criminal.”
“Whatever, I’m driving,” Sherlock muttered, reaching for his coat and scarf on the hook before pushing past the boy out the door. Molly watched in mild amusement as he turned up his coat collar with the boy trailing after him. Well that certainly was an improvement.
Not that Sherlock wasn’t normally odd. But…this was a different sort. This was too normal to be considered typical Sherlock behavior. And that was what was putting him on edge most.
weren't screwing each other senseless. But then again, if they'd gone out…well God only knew what kind of possibilities there were outside of the flat.
If he’d admired from a distance, it was even easier to do up close. The lines of muscle as Holmes bent slightly, the slight flash of skin where his shirt rode up. Well, this wouldn’t be a chore by any means.
“Of course,” Sally said. “No one’s perfect, correct? Been clean a while I believe. But he was gone a few months last year for rehab. Everyone knows it.”
Sherlock had been looking forward to the ballet for months now. As soon as he’d seen the program for the coming year he’d found the simplest and most straightforward way to persuade Mycroft to buy them for him. Well…otherwise known as blackmail. Which was how he and Irene were sitting together, watching the various attendees pass by their prime seats.
“Of course,” Irene said with a chuckle. “Sadly, not all my noises will be reserved for your listening pleasure. But no worries, darling. I’ll let him get used to it for a time. But I think I might change it after a bit.”
Molly sighed. “Well, confirmed that he is gay. Because I found interesting things on his laptop when searching. So unless he’s looking at… well…porn for research, I’d say we’re well set on that.”
“Yeah, seems like this bout has been lasting longer than normal though,” Lestrade muttered. “Especially with you.”
It didn’t take long to arrive at Mycroft’s residence. Sherlock sighed as he stepped out, though Irene soon was at his side again, practically clinging to his side. He wondered for a moment if she might be frightened of Mycroft. But of course, the idea was absurd. There was no possibility of that, especially as he watched her straighten when Mycroft glanced in their direction. She smirked, wrapping one arm around Sherlock’s and leaning closer.
After John had touched him. Well, under the effects of a drug it wasn’t improbable that human contact had felt good.
He moved back to pull Sherlock’s collar out of the way. His lips traveled down that sharp jaw bone to the pale smooth skin of Sherlock’s neck. After a long moment of planting different kisses, he finally settled on a spot and sucked lightly. Sherlock groaned, and when he pulled away he could already see color blossoming.
“Your girlfriend’s?” Molly asked with a playful smile Sherlock caught out of the corner of his eye. He wasn’t sure why, but something about her behavior set him on edge. She’d been so eager to flirt with him the other night, but now she appeared perfectly calm as she asked if he had a girlfriend. How was such a thing possible? Human emotions. Those would always confound him. Reasons to not have them he supposed.
Donovan was half dragging him out of the hallway. Lestrade ended up running after her, out of breath by the time they were back in the main corridors.
Moriarty eyed him again, looking over the simple boy with a sigh. “If you don’t get any, I don’t get any,” he said. “So get some. Perhaps you’ll even enjoy it.”
Sherlock gave a light smirk. "I'll ensure you explode…but in a way I think you'll find much more pleasurable."
“Are you okay?” he whispered, unsure if he should even bring anything about the kiss up. Sherlock’s face appeared drawn. He had looked fairly moody all evening, but this…this was a different expression, one John couldn’t quite define.
Could it be real? Was it a taunt of some kind? She hardly dared to hope as she pressed the buttons necessary to open the thing. And was presented with three words she hadn't imagined she'd see.
“I don’t believe we talk, Donovan,” Moriarty sneered. “What makes you suddenly think we should start now?”
“And where will your dancing take you, Sherlock? Really? Working in strip clubs with your ridiculous
“Having fun are we?” she asked, setting her things aside before coming to sit on the bed beside her lover. She reached for the handcuffs and undid them, taking the phone as well to scan the few texts.
She had the decency to blush. “I will admit animal rights are not my highest priority, but my boss needed me there. So yes, when I came home I was hungry and cooked up some bacon and eggs. Honestly, having all those vegan foods…I needed something a bit more substantial.”
And with that last though she refocused on spending time with her lover, content in knowing her work was done.
John fell upon him again, moving to kiss him deeply, tongue sliding in as his fingers threaded into Sherlock's curls. He moaned slightly, moving so that his entire body was pressing along Sherlock's.
His eyes caught on Sherlock Holmes, noting the lithe muscles of his chest and legs, the flexible way he bent to touch his toes.
He gasped as pleasure overwhelmed him. As his body went lax, he heard footsteps again. Groaning he shifted to clean himself some, closing his eyes and trying to steady his breath as the door opened again. John stood there a moment. Sherlock did his best to imitate sleep. To ease himself back into something of a relaxed state.
He offered a half smile at her words. That was his Molly. Always so hopeful. It was quite foolish, but somehow he was unable to stop himself from having a little hope. Perhaps Molly had a point.
one of the team responsible. In the intervening months since, it appear the only assistance I have been able to provide is in keeping as far from you as possible. Preventing you from injecting trash into your veins, at least while John is unavailable, is..." He pauses, pressing his fist gently against his mouth. "This is perhaps the very least that I can do for you, little brother."
want to hurt you again, but. I especially don't want to hurt you on accident, just because you thought you couldn't or it wasn't worth speaking up to tell me to stop. I don't want you to... hurt yourself, Sherlock."
