"I'm, um, sorry about your dog." Meg muttered to Bobby. Meg got flung back as her counterpart busted open the door and stepped in. Meg had been flung into Dean and they both fell onto the floor. As past Meg stepped in Squirrel comes at her, unscrewing the flask, but Meg hits him and sends him flying into a stack of books. He appears to be knocked out. Sam steps in front of Bobby and Scruffy, placing himself between them and Meg. "I want the Colt, Sam – the real Colt – right now." she told him glaring.
Sam chuckled. "I ransacked that trunk. Holy water, every weapon that I could think of, exorcism rituals from about a half dozen religions. I'm not sure what to expect, so I guess we should just expect everything." Dean nods, and they begin loading their guns silently. A few minutes later there was a knock at the door. Dean got up to answer "Hey, welcome back guys." he greeted the future Winchesters. "Here for the Meg and demon situation?" (p)Sam asked. "How'd you guess?" (f)Dean asked back.
***************
Sam gets up and goes over to John. "Dad? Dad?" he lightly shakes his father. John suddenly looks up "Sammy! It’s still alive. It’s inside me, I can feel it. You shoot me. You shoot me! You shoot me in the heart, son!" Sam aims the gun at John. "Do it now!" Squirrel gets up. "Sam, don’t you do it. Don’t you do it."  "You’ve gotta hurry! I can’t hold onto it much longer! You shoot me, son! Shoot me! Son, I’m begging you! We can end this here and now! Sammy!" "Sam, no." "You do this! Sammy!! Sam...."
The older Winchesters exchanged looks, knowing what was about to happen. "What's wrong with you?" (p)Dean asked. "Ahh My head." (p)Sam making anguished noises and sinking from the bed to crouch on the floor. (p)Dean gets up from the bed and crouches next to (p)Sam "Sam? Hey." he grabs (p)Sams arm "Hey! What's going on? Talk to me." he looked at their future counterparts. "He's having another premonition." (f)Sam told him.
Cas closed the small space between them and hugged Dean. Wrapping him in his wings. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' waist. He had finished brushing out Cas' wings and pulling the dead feathers out. "What's this for?" Dean asked. He didn't mind more affection from Cas but it's a bit out of nowhere. "You keep complimenting my wings. When an angel is looking for a mate they use their wings as a way to court. The better the Wings the better a chance for a mate." Cas explained. "Oh, Cas," Dean hugged Cas tighter. "You should already know you're amazing Honey Bee."
Squirrel rolled his eyes "Stupid agreement." he muttered under his breath. Sammy ignored him and they walked up to the counter "Fellas. Can I help you with anything?" the guy behind the counter asked. "Yeah, are you Craig Thurston?" Squirrel asked. "I am." Craig said with a slight nod. "Well we're reporters with the Dallas Morning News. I'm Dean, this is Sam." "No way. Well I'm writer too. I write for my school's lit magazine." "We're doing an article on local haunting's and rumor has it you might know of one." Sammy piped in.
Both men somewhat watched the show, mainly just enjoying the others company. 5 minutes later Dean seems to have fallen asleep. Cas moves Dean so that he is laying against Cas' chest. Cas reaches over for the remote to turn off the t.v but was stopped by the feeling of Dean kissing his neck. Cas quietly moans and grabs the back of Deans shirt "I thought you fell asleep." Cas muttered. "Nah, just closed my eyes for a little bit. Didn't know you were gonna move me though Cas." Dean said, smile evident in his tone. Dean started to bite and suck Cas' neck, moving to straddle him.
"Yeah." Azazel turns to Squirrel "You know, I never told you this, but Sam was going to ask her to marry him." he backs up toward Sam. "Been shopping for rings and everything." he turns to Sam. "You want to know why? Because they got in the way." Azazel answered. "In the way of what?" Sam asked. "My plans for you, Sammy. You... and all the children like you." Azazel explained. "Listen, you mind just getting this over with, huh? Cause I really can’t stand the monologuing." Squirrel groaned. "Ya, I got bad news. Almost every supernatural asshole we meet is gonna monologue." Dean told his younger self.
"No. No one dies or anything." the older Winchesters looked at their past selves. "You guys are dealing with this case on your own. We have other work we need to do anyway." (f)Dean told them. The younger Winchesters looked at each other confused. "Anyway, Sam?" (p)Dean asked, trying to get back on track with his brother. "Yes?" both Sams said at once. (p)Dean groaned "My Sam." he said. "We need to fix that." (f)Dean said cringing. Everyone looked at him confused "When one of us says are brothers name and both respond. It's really annoying." (f)Dean clarified. "How do you suppose we do that?" (p)Sam asked. "Simple, one Sam and one Dean have to use a different name." (f)Dean stated.
The Impala pulls up as Roger approaches the entrance with a bag of groceries. (p)Sam leans out the window "Hey Roger." "What are you guys, missionaries? Leave me alone." he said, heading to the building. (f)Dean guns the engine, jumping the curb as he hurriedly parks. (p)Sam hopped out of the car and yelled after him "Hey. Roger. We're trying to help!" all Winchesters got out of the car and ran after him.
She gestured vaguely behind herself " Actually, our son Max, he was the one who found him." (p)Sam looks through the doors into the dining room and sees Max sitting in the corner, staring into space. "Do you mind if maybe, I go talk to him?" (p)Sam asked. "Oh thank you Father." Ms.Miller says to (p)Sam as he walks over to Max.
Both Sam's started laughing, "That's all you got? Weak. That is bush league." Squirrel says, giving them a dirty look. The other three Winchesters hopped in the car "Sammy, you know the rules, don't mess with my car." Dean said, turning back to look at his brother. Sammy just smirked "I would like to point out that you started this."Sam told him, Dean glared. "When we deal with Gabe next year you're on your own." Dean said, looking between the two Sam's. Sammy looked appalled, Sam just looked confused. "Better yet, Sammy, I'm gonna turn on your favorite song." Dean said before reaching for the radio, heat of the moment started playing on the radio.
"Get out of here, now!" Sam yells at them. "We're out of here."Ed says. Squirrel and Dean are in the other room splashing kerosene everywhere. Mordechai lifts Sam off his feet with the pressure of the ax at his throat. Sammy runs in and  holds up a spray bottle and lights the gas, a plume of fire appears. "Go go go!" Sammy yells. Sam runs past him, Sammy follows, pulling Sam as he stops and leans over, holding his throat. Both Deans are already waiting by the door "Mordechai can't leave the house, we can't kill him -- We improvise." Squirrel tells Sam.
John turns around "Who are you?" the man steps forward, more into the light. "I am Castiel. I am an Angel." he says. John looks at him disbelievingly, Azazel and the other two demons took a step back. "There is no such thing as Angels."John scoffed. "John Winchesters you are an idiot so shut your mouth." Azazel muttered to him. "You are not doing anything with this man." Cas stated, looking at Azazel. "Now hold on," Azazel exclaims, taking a step forward. "You can't just come in here and interrupt my deal." Cas glares at him.
On the interstate the sheriff's car is following Dean's car to make sure they leave. When they are gone the sheriff turns around and drives back to Burkittsville.
***************
Sammy walks in the front door and goes to a fire alarm on the wall. Just as he's about to pull it a man comes walking down the hallway. Sammy moves to the stairs like he's going up them, but when the man leaves through the front door he quickly goes and pulls the alarm, quickly leaving the building.People are leaving and firemen are coming in. Dean comes up to one of the firemen "Hey, what's happening? Is it a fire?" "We're figuring that out right now, sir. Just stay back." the fireman moves Dean away.
Walking out of the bathroom he bumps into Sam "Anything?" (p)Sam asked. "Nope." he told his brother, putting on a smile. (p)Sam frowns at him "Will you please tell me what we're dealing with?" (p) Sam pleaded. "I already told you Sammy." (f)Dean said heading back towards the stair. (p)Sam follows him and they head back down together.
Dean smirked "Well, past Sam got lucky and just goes by Sam." Dean said. John raised a brow "And what about Dean?" he asked. "That unlucky bastard gets to go by squirrel, courtesy of ol' Sammy here." Dean said patting his brother on the shoulder. John looked confused "Why Squirrel? That's a very odd name, and random name." John asked. "My dear brother hear hated the nickname I gave hims so in turn he picked the nickname I hat most." Dean responded. "Who gave you the nickname squirrel?" John asked even more confused. "A Scotsman who sold his soul for a bigger dick." Dean said.
(p)Sam knocked on his brothers room door. (p)Dean opened the door "What do you need Sammy?" (p)Dean asked his brother. "We need to get going, wake up future you and meet us by the car." (p)Sam told his brother and left before he could say anything. (p)Dean shut the door in confusion and went to wake up his future self. He lightly shook his future self, (f)Dean blinking slowly and looking up at his counterpart. "Rise and shine, we're apparently heading out." he said before walking to get his stuff.
Dean rolled his eyes and stepped away from (p)Meg "Alright, first things first, pick which one of you is getting a nickname." Dean said, looking at both Megs. (f)Meg raised her hand "I'll take the nickname." sh said. "Great, you can go by traitor." (p)Meg snarked at her counterpart. (f)Meg just rolled her eyes. "How 'bout Thorn?" Sammy suggested. Thorn smiled "Not bad. I'll take it." Dean nodded. "Alright, now that we won't be getting confused lets talk for a bit." Dean said, glancing at Meg. "Alright, Where's our father, Meg?" Squirrel asked, clearly wanting to get on with the interrogation.
Their at a Bus Stop. Emily is getting on a bus to Boston. She smiles at past Dean, who waves to her. She waves back and takes a seat. Past Dean and Sam watch the bus leave. "Think she's gonna be alright?" "I hope so." "And the rest of the townspeople, they'll just get away with it?" "Well, what'll happen to the town will have to be punishment enough." Dean said as all four started walking to the car. "So, can we drop you off somewhere?" past Dean asked both versions of his brother. "No, I think you're stuck with us." past Sam says as they hop in the car.
They left the building and got into the impala. Driving to the motel (f)Dean was leaning against a car and talking to (p)Sam. (f)Sam got out of the impala and headed towards his brother, (p)Dean behind him. "Ready to go?" (f)Dean asked his brother. "Yep." (f)Sam said smiling. "Please tell me you'll come back before anyone dies." (p)Sam said, looking at their future counterparts. "We'll be back before you know it." (f)Dean reassured him.
***************
"Well, yeah." "Like that town near here, Burkittsville. Where are their ancestors from?" "Uh, northern Europe, I believe, Scandinavia." "What could you tell us about those Pagan gods?" Dean asked. "Well, there are hundreds of Norse gods and goddesses." the professor said turning to look at Dean. "We're actually looking for one. Might live in an orchard." Dean said. "This way." the professor said and started walking.
"How?" Squirrel asked. "Well, he figured it was best if his girls died quick, rather than starve to death. So he attacked them. They screamed, begged for him to stop but he just strung 'em up, one after the other. And when he was all finished he just turned around and hung himself. Now they say that his spirit is trapped in the house forever, stringing up any other girl that goes inside." Craig told them. "Where'd you hear all this?" Squirrel asked. "My cousin Dana told me. I don't know where she heard it from. Ya gotta realize, I -- I didn't believe this for a second." Craig said
***************
The boys take off the fireman gear and move to the bedroom door. They slowly open it and see John on the bed. Squirrel goes over to his father. "Dad?" he leans down and listens "He's still breathing. " Sam looks relieved. Squirrel starts shaking John "Dad, wake up. Dad!" Squirrel takes out a knife and is about to cut the restraints around John's wrists. "Wait. Wait." Sam says, stalling his brother. "What?" Squirrel asks. "He could be possessed for all we know." Sam said before turning to their older selves. "Is he possessed?" Squirrel asks. The older Winchesters look at each other.
The Sams and Meg are sitting at a table with beers and different foods around them. "So, what, are you on some kind of vacation or something?" young Sam asks, Meg laughs. "Yeah, right. It's all sipping Cristal poolside for me." they laugh. "No. I had to get away from my family." "Why?" young Sam asked, looking at his older self, who was being very quite. 'I love my parents. And they wanted what's best for me. They just didn't care if I wanted it. I was supposed to be smart. But not smart enough to scare away a husband." young Sam smiles. "It's just...because my family said so, I was supposed to sit there and do what I was told. So I just went on my own way instead." Sam stares at her. "I'm sorry. The things you say to people you hardly know."
Sam walks up behind Squirrel and look at the journal "That looks a hell of a lot like Dad's." he said. "Yep, except this dates back to the 60s." Squirrel said. The brothers move into the other room and shine their flashlights around the destruction, including up at the hole in the roof. "Whatever attacked him, it looks like there was more than one." Sam said. "Looks like he put up a hell of a fight too." Squirrel said looking around. They all look around the room. Squirrel crouches to get a closer look at the floor.
Heading inside they all look around. "Looks like old man Murdock was a bit of a tagger here in his time." Squirrel said. "And after his time too. That reverse cross has been used by Satanists for centuries but this sigil of sulfur didn't show up in San Francisco until the '60s." Sammy informed him. "That is exactly why you never get laid." Squirrel said, pointing between the two Sam's. Both Sam's gave him a bitch face and Dean started snickering. "Hey what about this one, you seen this one before?" Squirrel asked, moving over to a wall.
When they got to Bobby's Thorn had stayed outside as the four hunters and Angel went in. "It's been a minute since I've seen you." Bobby muttered. "Look, as much as I am interested in seeing this reunion we need to talk to our dad." Dean said. Bobby looked at the boys and then to John "I'm coming with." he said. Sammy nodded "Alright. Let's talk outside." the 4 hunters went outside, Cas catching up and Walking next to Dean. "So what do you need to talk about?" John asked when they were a good distance from the house.
A campfire is burning. John hands Squirrel a bag and they move from the Impala's trunk back toward the fire where Dean and Sam are patrolling with a machete. "Toss this on the fire. Saffron, skunk's cabbage and trillium. It'll block our scent and hers, until we're ready." John told Squirrel. Squirrel sniffs it and coughs "Stuff stinks!" he said. "That's the idea. Dust your clothes with the ashes, and you stand a chance of not being detected."John told him. "You sure they'll come after 'er?" Squirrel asked. Sammy walked over "I can promise you they will." he told Squirrel.
"How'd you figure that out?" " Give me some credit, man. You don't have a corner on paper chasin' around here." "Oh, yeah? Name the last book you read." " No, I called Dad's friend, Caleb. He told me, all right?" Dean told Sam defeated. "Anyway, here's the thing—these Daevas, they have to be summoned, conjured." Dean said. "So, someone's controlling it?" "Yeah, that's what I'm sayin'. And, from what I gather, it's pretty risky business, too. These suckers tend to bite the hand that feeds them. And, uh, the arms, and torsos." Dean trailed off.
Dean looked to his brother "We wouldn't happen to have the knife would we?" Sammy gave Dean his signature bitch face. "Dean, we don't have any of our old stuff and we don't get the knife till next year." Sammy said. Dean sighed and looked to Thorn "You got any plans?" he asked. Thorn shook her head "Not as of right now." she said. "Alright, so, how the hell are we going to get in?" Sam asked. Dean looks over at the building for a minute "Pull the fire alarm, get out all the civilians." Squirrel said. "Okay, but then the city responds in, what, seven minutes?" Sam asked.  "Seven minutes exactly." Sammy  says.
***************
Both pairs of brothers and Emily started running through the orchard, trying to get out. "Alright," past Sam started "now, this sacred tree you're talking about—" "It's the source of its power." Dean said, turning his head to see past Sam. "So let's find it and burn it." he suggested. "Nah, in the morning. Let's just shag ass before Leather Face catches up." past Dean said. The five of them reach a clearing, waiting for them are the elders and a few other townspeople. "This way." Dean said, they turn around but they are blocked in all directions.
"What the hell kind of spirit is immune to rock salt?" Sam asks. "I dunno. Come on. Come on come on!" Squirrel says. As they run toward the stairs Mordechai smashes his ax down, catching the shelves and bringing the jars crashing down on Dean. Mordechai and Sammy begins fighting. "Go! Get outta here!!" he tells their past selves. Mordechai smashes the electrical box and sparks fly everywhere. Squirrel and Sam bolt for the door, Dean and Sammy close behind. They book it out the door and break through the emergency tape and down the stairs.
(f)Sam knew he really messed up "Dean I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought him up." (f)Dean stayed quite. "Who-" before (p)Dean could finish his question his future self interrupted him "No one important, just keep driving." (p)Dean turned back around and started driving. Everyone was silent for the rest of the drive.
*********
"And Jo, you help too. I'll talk to the older boys." Jo nodded and lead Squirrel and Sam over to Ash. Dean and Sammy followed Ellen over to the bar. "Now you two, start talking. What happened in Carthage? How are we all back in time?" Ellen asked, grabbing a drink for her and the boys.
"Please. Let us go." Emily pleaded. "It'll be over quickly, I promise." Harley said. "Please." Emily said again, hoping her uncle would let them go. "Emily, you have to let him take you. You have to—" all of a sudden, the scarecrow sticks his sickle through Harley's stomach. Emily and Stacy scream, then Stacy is captured by the scarecrow, too. Emily runs into past Dean's arms while her aunt and uncle are dragged away by the scarecrow. The rest of the townspeople run away in fright.
Another flash of light passes through Luther and he slumps to the ground dead. Kate starts toward John. Another vamp grabs her, pulling her to their car. They take off, wheels screaming. John smiles in satisfaction. As they all turn to go back to their cars Sammy grabs Deans arm and pulls him to the side, just out of earshot from the others. "Are you alright?" Sammy asked. "Of course, why wouldn't I be?" Dean said. "Well, when Luther talked about vamps having a right to live you got that look." "what look?" "The one where you know someone is right and you feel bad. You gave it a lot when talking to Cas."
"Yeah. Vampires mate for life. She means more to the leader than the gun. But the blood sickness is going to wear off soon, so you don't have a lot of time." John added. "A half hour oughta do it." Squirrel said. "And then I want you out of the area as fast as you can." "Dad you can't take care of them all yourself." Squirrel retorted. "I'll have her. And the Colt." John told them. Both Dean and Sam had now walked over. "But after. We're gonna meet up, right? Use the gun
***************
"The demon?" Sam asks. John doesn't really answer him "Sam, lines of salt in front of every window, every door." John tells him. "I already did it." "Well, check it, okay?" "Okay." Sam leaves the room. "Dean, you got the gun?" John turns to look at Dean. Dean takes a shaky breathe and nods, looking very unsure of himself. "Give it to me." John said, holding out his hand. Dean glanced to his brother nervously and pulled out the gun. "Dad, Sam tried to shoot the demon in Salvation. It disappeared." Squirrel tells John."This is me. I won't miss. Now, the gun, hurry."
"Does Ash remember to?" Dean asked. "Yep, he's been wondering when you two were gonna show up," Jo replied. "You guys are already blaming this on us?" Sammy chuckled. "We've known you two long enough to know that most things strange tend to be your fault," Ash called out as he walked out of the back. "Is this cause we broke in and out of Heaven?" Dean asked. "That, and you raised the Devil. Fought with angels. The list goes on with you two." Ellen said. "Now, Ash is going to help you two and bring you a little up to speed," Ellen pointed to Squirrel and Sam.
**********
John continued to talk  to Sam "Your brother's right, we don't have time for this." he said, only frustrating Sam more. "Last time we saw you, you said it was too dangerous for us to be together. Now out of the blue you need our help. Now obviously something big is going down, and we wanna know what!" Sam said, yelling at the end. "Get back in the car." John said flatly, glaring at Sam. "No." Sam growled back. "I said get back in the damn car." John said raising his voice. "Yeah. And I said no." Sam barked, stepping closer.
################################################################################
(p)Sam looks over to his brother "Dean I'm scared man. These nightmares weren't bad enough, now I'm seeing things when I'm awake? And these, visions, or whatever, they're getting more intense. And painful." "Come on man, you'll be all right. It'll be fine.....He'll be fine, right?" (p)Dean asked their counterparts. (f)Sam sighed and (f)Dean responded "Ya, it gets better. He'll be alright." (f)Sam glared at his brother but (f)Dean didn't care. The car went quite again, that had been happening a lot recently.
This wasn't gonna end well. That was all Cas could think. Sammy and Dean were by the fridge and John were against the island. Cas went over to stand by Dean "So, you boys finally gonna tell me about this place?" John asked, sounding bitter. "Well, the good news is that we don't have to convince you of time travel first," Dean said, taking a sip of his coffee. John and Bobby gave him a questioning look. "Okay, dad you might wanna take a seat for this," Sammy said. John sat opposite Bobby and looked to the brothers.
The boys had arrived outside of Elkins cabin that night. The door opens slowly as Sammy puts away his lock pick, Dean has a flashlight. Sam and Squirrel right behind them. "Looks like the maid didn't come today." Squirrel said looking around at the mess. "Hey, there's salt over here. Right beside the door." Sam pointed out. "You mean protection against demon salt, or 'oops I spilled the popcorn' salt." Squirrel asked as he flipped through Elkins' journal. "It's clearly a ring. You think this guy Elkins was a player?" Sam asked. "Yep." Dean said.
Both Deans walked out of the diner, their brother leaning against the impala. "Okay, Sammy I got your rabbit food." Dean said, Sammy rolled his eye. "Now, why don't we get back to the motel, I get to drive." Squirrel says, already getting in the car. "Why do I feel like I'm forgetting something?" Dean muttered to himself. Squirrel turns the key in the ignition, Latino pop-dance music blasts from the speakers; when Dean tries to turn it off, the wipers turn on. Squirrel rears back. "WHOA! What the..." Squirrel said in surprise, he quickly reaches to turn everything off.
All the Winchesters were in a motel room. Squirrel and Dean passed out on the same bed, Sam asleep on the other and Sammy asleep at the foot of Sams bed. John was sitting at the table listening to a radio "Unit 22 let me confirm. Mile marker 41,abandoned car. You need a workup?" the dispatcher said. "Copy that. Possible 207. Better get forensics out here." another man said back. John puts down the radio, jumps to his feet and grabs his jacket. "Sam, Dean, let's go." he says as he taps them on the feet and Sammy on the head.
He reaches another table, where a young woman with short blonde hair is seated with her back to him. He puts his hand on her shoulder, and she turns around. "Meg?" Sam asked. "Sam! Is that you? Oh, my God! Meg stands up and they hug. Sam looks slightly puzzled. They pull away a few seconds later. "What are you doing here?" Meg asked him. "I'm just in town, visiting friends."Meg looks around. "Where are they?"
Max shook his head "That's alright, you can stay at the motel with us and we'll grab it later today." Sam said smiling, Max smiled back. "Now let's head out, past us is probably freaking out." Dean said and started walking, Sam and Max following. Stepping downstairs and out the door the past Winchesters looked from by the impala. "What's he doing?" (p)Dean asked. "He's coming to stay with us for a bit." (f)Dean told him. "You two up front, we'll sit in the back with Max." (f)Sam said.
Azazel, John, and the two minions are still in a circle around the summoning symbol. "It's very unseemly, making deals with devils. How do I know this isn't just another trick?" Azazel asked. "It's no trick. I will give you the Colt and the bullet, but you've got to help Dean. You've got to bring him back." John tells him. "Why, John, you're a sentimentalist. If only your boys knew how much their daddy loved them." Azazel mocked.  "It's a good trade. You care a hell of a lot more about this gun than you do Dean." John reasons.
Both Deans glared at (f)Sam for that. (f)Sam wanted the attention off of him, he didn't mean to give so much away. "You're telling me if we hadn't gone back further you wouldn't have saved Jess?" (f)Dean asked his brother, he knew it was a low blow but he didn't care. After all the nagging Sam had done about not spoiling the future he pulls this shit.
"Can it kill yellow eyes?" John asked. Dean looked confused for a second before realizing what he meant "Ya, don't worry, it can kill Azazel." Dean told him. John looked confused "Who-....it has a name?" John asked shocked. "Well, all demons have names. Not to mention he's not the only demon with yellow eyes." Dean told him. "Oh really? How do you know?" Sam asked curious. "Azazel is 1 of 4 princes of hell. All the princes have yellow eyes." Sammy told his counterpart. "Look we'll explain demon hierarchy after we gank these vamps.
***************
"He does what he does for a reason." Squirrel told his brother. "What reason?" Sam asked. "Our job! There's no time to argue, there's no margin for error, all right? That's just the way the old man runs things." Squirrel yelled at him, Dean gritting his teeth. "Yeah well maybe that worked when we were kids but not anymore, all right. Not after everything you and I have been through, Squirrel. I mean, are you telling me you're cool with just falling into line, and letting him run the whole show?" Sam said looking at Squirrel challengingly.
"Friends of mine. They went missing about a year ago. They passed through somewhere around here, and I've already asked around Scottsburg and Salem—" "Sorry." He hands the flyers back to Dean. "We don't get many strangers around here." Dean nods. "Scotty, you've got a smile that lights up a room, anybody ever tell you that?" Scotty stares at him strangely, Dean chuckles. "Never mind. See you around." He walks away. Before the Deans could get to far though Scottys calls out. "Who's the man behind you?" pointing to older Dean. "I'm his older brother, Jeff." Dean said, waving. Scotty nodded the Deans walked off.
"You expect me to believe that? There is no way in hell you fought God." Alastiar dismissed. Dean stared at him blankly "Why would I lie? Who would lie about fighting God?" Alastiar grimaced and walked away. Dean hung his head, about ready to pass out. When Alastiar came back he had brought Azazel with him. "I'm telling you, it doesn't feel like he's lying." Alastiar whispered to Azazel. They both looked to Dean, who was Staring at them blankly "Are you gonna let me down now? Or are you going to wait for a different answer that doesn't exist." Dean asked sarcastically.
"I told 'em how to get back to the Interstate. They left town." "Could you point me in that same direction?" "Sure." older Dean walked out of the store at this point in the conversation, sighing. He didn't want to go through this again.
Sam and Squirrel help John up and they all walk towards the door. The front door suddenly bursts open and the man and fireman come in. "Go! Go! Back!" Squirrel shouted, Him and Sam leading John to the room. They go back into the bedroom and close the door locking it. An axe suddenly comes through the door. Sammy runs a line of salt at the bedroom door. Everyone else is already out on the fire escape. "Sammy, let's go!" Dean yelled to his brother. Sammy tosses him the duffel bag and goes through the window out onto the fire escape.
"I mean, you say Meg is your daughter and you call Lucifer dad but Meg also called him her father but if she was your daughter that would make Lucifer her Grandfather." Dean rambled. Thorn face palmed and Azazel stared at him. Sammy gave his brother an 'are you serous' face. "It's a legit question." Dean shrugged. Azazel shook his head and turned away from Dean "I wanna know why. Why’d you do it?" Sam asked. Azazel turns to Sam "You mean why did I kill Mommy and pretty, little Jess?" he mocking asked.
By the next afternoon the future Winchesters had returned. (p)Dean was pissed they took the impala for so long but his ranting fell on deaf ears, (f)Sam used to tuning out his brothers ranting about his car and (f)Dean just not caring. They packed up their stuff and got in the car, Deans in the front, Sams in the back. "You sure you don't want to tell us where you took him?" (p)Sam asked his counterpart. "We're sure." (f)Sam said smiling.
"Because" (f)Dean started telling his past self "We don't work that well on our own. If we just team up with our doubles it would basically be the same thing, we may not be alone, but we're still without our brother." both Sam's looked at (f)Dean shocked. "Okay, that's fair." (p)Dean nodded.
(f)Dean sighed before yelling up the stairs to his brother "Sammy, I know you said we shouldn't change anything but I need to fix this." Max looked at (f)Dean confused. (f)Sam had heard his brother and booked it to the stairs. "Max, hey." (f)Dean said to get Max's attention back on him instead of the stairs. "That was a mistake all right? So was lying about who we were. But no more lying Max okay? Just please, just hear me out." (f)Dean said calmly. "About what?" "About how you're psychic. And about why you killed your dad and uncle. How you were about to kill your step-mom."
"We've dealt with way worse then Meg. Besides Meg is somewhat on our side now." that didn't seem to help John feel any better. They walked their separate ways, the older Winchesters and Meg heading to their car. "So, do have a plan for where to stay?" Sam asked. Meg shook her head "Not really, can't really go back to hell. Don't want to actually." "You could stay in the bunker." Dean said. Meg nodded, there was silence in the car for majority of the trip.
"Well there was one point in the distant future where we brought you to our time and it messed up everything cause I became a known wanted criminal, Sammy gave speeches and loved kale, Zachariah was still alive, and Cas had no idea who I was." Dean said. John blinked, processing...that. "Alright, fine. When do we have to go?" he asked. "Sometime soon. We need to take Thorn back as well since it's possible all of Hell will be looking for her." Dean said. John nodded "One more question though." "What's that?" Sam asked. "What do you mean by 'Bunker'?"
"How do you know this?" Max asked him. "Cause I was in it." Sam told him. "Why are you telling me all of this now?" Maxed asked the brothers. "Because you never originally made it." Dean told him, taking all of Max's attention. "What-" "You ended shooting yourself." Sam stated. Max looked to the ground again "We don't want that to happen, we want to help you." Sam said, stepping closer to Max. "We can't really do that unless you want us to though. It's completely up to you."
"What? Why not?" " Is that Dad?" the other person said, sounding a lot like Dean. Both brothers were very lost at this point, Sam wanted to look out and see who was talking but didn't want to be caught. "You're after it, aren't you? The thing that killed Mom." Both Sam and Dean help their breathe, remembering this conversation. "A demon? You know for sure?" " A demon? What's he saying?"..."You know where it is?"... "Let us help."... "Why not?" "Give me the phone." young Dean told young Sam. "Names? What names, Dad—talk to me, tell me what's going on."... "No. Alright? No way." "Give me the phone"
Alastiar growled and shoved a knife into Deans leg, eliciting a cry. Alastiar ginned maliciously and took the knife out. Dean hung his head and was breathing heavily "If you just told me how you got here we could be done." Alastiar said again. "God." Dean said. Alastiar tilted his head "What?" he asked confused. "We were fighting God." Dean continued. Alastiar tiscked in disbelief "We were winning but something happened and in a blinding flash of light we got shot backward to 2005." Dean fully explained, raising his head and looking Alastiar in the eye.
When all the Winchesters woke up they were to four separate posts.  "Hey, Sam? Don't take this the wrong way, but your girlfriend...is a bitch." (p)Dean said to his brother. "Hey Sammy?" (f)Dean asked. "Yeah?" "What is it with you and demons man?" "I have no clue." the past Winchesters looked at them weird but didn't ask. (p)Dean turned to Meg "You trapped us. Good for you. It's Miller time. (He smiles.) But why don't you kill us already?" "Not very quick on the uptake, are we?" Meg leans in closer. "This trap isn't for you." (p)Dean is puzzled. (p)Sam thinks for a second, then realizes  "Dad. It's a trap for Dad." (p)Dean looks at Meg, who smiles at him.
"Who are you?" John asked, still leaning on (f)Sam. "Meg." both future Sam and Dean. "Good to see you again boys." Meg said smiling. "How is that Meg?" (p)Dean asked. "Meg is a demon, she changed vessels." (f)Dean told his counterpart. "You are friends with a demon." John asked, anger and disgust present in his voice. "Friend is a strong word, more like an acquaintance." Meg said. "How are you back?"(f)Dean asked. "Not sure, lest thing I remember was being stabbed by Crowley and then I wake up and it's 2005." Meg said shrugging.
Dean sat up, looking around, seeing Sam to his right. They were in a motel room, with no trace of Chuck or Jack anywhere. Slowly standing back up Dean tried to get a better look around, it was a cheap motel with two beds in the room. Walking around he checked everything out, finding a bunch of their stuff, including John Winchesters journal. Dean was starting to freak out a little, where were they, where was Jack, what happened, were thoughts that kept running through Deans head.
"Start wiping down your fingerprints, we don't want the cops to know we were here. Come on, come on!" (p)Dean said. Using his rag to open the window he looked to his brother "I'm gunna take a look inside." "I'm coming with." (f)Sam said, hoping in after his brothers counterpart. (f)Dean helps (p)Sam wipe down the railing.
The Deans are driving by the orchard when they hear a noise coming from the backseat. "What the hell?" young Dean pulls over and reaches into his bag. He pulls out the EMF meter, which is beeping frantically. He looks at his older self who doesn't say anything but looks back at him.
(f)Meg shook her head and grabbed a chair "Just get the rope." she told him. Dean, grateful for the change of subject, ran of and grabbed the rope. (f)Meg handed the chair to Sam "Here you go." "why aren't you gonna do it?" Sam asked. Both Megs gave him a deadpan look before pointing to the ceiling. "Oh, right, forgot." (f)Meg just walked away to find Dean. They both came back with rope after about two minutes. Dean tied (p)Meg to the chair "You know, if you wanted to tie me up, all you had to do was ask." she told him, smiling.
"I wasn't hurt Dean. Well...maybe a little, I didn't realize it was that obvious." Cas muttered. "It's not obvious, it's that I know you Cas." Cas smiled and nodded. "Now, what do you need?" "I was hoping you would help me groom my wings," Cas said quietly. Ducking his head down. Dean leaned in closer "What, Cas you're gonna have to speak up." "I was hoping you would help me groom my wings," Cas said, louder this time but much faster. Dean still caught it, if just barely. "How? I've never seen your wings before?" "In a vessel, Angels can manifest their wings on a plain that humans can see," Cas explained.
The parade of rag-tag hunters pulled up to the Roadhouse. "Hello? Anybody here?" Sam asks as he steps out of the Impala. He's met with silence and looks to Sammy "They're inside." Sammy tells his counterpart. Sam made an 'oh' face and looked to Squirrel. "We'll head inside then. You three can stay out here." Squirrel said. He and Sam walked into the roadhouse. Dean leaned against the Impala and crossed his arms. Cas walking over to stand next to him. "Do you think Adam is around?" Sammy asked. "Don't know. If he is we'll find him later. Should probably tell him about Michael." Dean responded.
***************
Before they could discuss it anymore there was the rumble of a car engine outside, pulling up to the motel. "Quick, hide." Dean said and ducked into the bathroom behind the shower curtain, Sam went under the table (which had a table cloth on it). There was a jingle of keys and then the door to the room opened, multiple people walked in. Sam curled up as much as he could so that he wasn't seen and Dean help perfectly still, trying not to make a sound.
The older Winchesters looked at each other for a second "We seriously didn't think vampires existed?" Dean asked. "Apparently not. Forgot about that." Sammy replied. "Wait, so you know about vampires and didn't tell us?" Squirrel said exasperated. "I forgot you didn't know vampires were real. We've been dealing with so many monsters for so long it's hard to remember when we didn't know about them." Dean said. "Especially since vampires are pretty common." Sammy added. "How long have you two been hunting?" John asked them. "About 15 years." Dean told him. "Learned a whole heck of a lot too." Sammy tacked on.
"Well congratulations guys. That sounds really great." Sammy says. "Yeah. That's awesome, best of luck to you." Dean told them. "Oh yeah, luck. That has nothing to do with it. It's about talent. Sheer unabashed talent." Ed said, sounding really full of himself. They all nod at each other. Ed and Harry get in their car and drive off. "I have a confession to make." Sam said. "What's that." Squirrel asked. "I, uh...I was the one that called them and told them I was a producer." Sam said smirking. Squirrel laughed "Yeah well I'm the one who put the dead fish in their back seat."
"Oh? This is Dean." Meg said. "You've heard of me?" Dean asked. "Oh, yeah. I've heard of you. Nice—the way you treat your brother like luggage." Dean looked confused. "Sorry." Sam cringed. "Why don't you let him do what he wants to do? Stop dragging him over God's green earth." "Meg, it's all right." the three of them look around quietly. "So what about your other two brothers? The moose and the one I haven't met yet." Meg asked Sam. "Their off visiting family, should be back in a day or to." Dean tells her.
"No need to do that boys." Bobby said, well, someone that sounded like him cause Bobby didn't open his mouth. Another Bobby stepped out of the house and stepped down the porch stairs. Squirrel and Sam stared in shock "Bobby." Dean said quietly. "Hey boys." Bobby said with a soft smile. Both Dean and Sammy ran and gave him a hug. The three men eventually let go of each other "Let's talk more inside." Bobby said. They all walked into the old house. Inside there are books stacked everywhere. It's untidy and cluttered with papers on every wall.
Dean moved so he could have a hand on each wing, massaging the base. His thumb accidentally brushed over an oil gland. Cas groaned harshly and pressed into Dean's hand with more force. A lot had spilled onto Dean's hand. Out of curiosity he brought his hand up and sniffed. It had the scent of Honey, spring flowers, and a cool breeze. Giving in to temptation Dean licked some off his fingers. Humming, Dean was pleasantly surprised. It was sweet and savory, with a tangy aftertaste. Dean smirked, getting an idea. He massaged Cas' sides to keep him distracted while he leaned closer.
"We're just trying to get a book and movie deal, okay?"Ed told them. From the basement comes the sound of knives being sharpened. The Winchesters are immediately back on alert. "Oh crap." Ed whispered. Ed and Harry crowd in close behind the brothers with their camera. "Ah guys, you wanna ... you wanna open that door for us?" Ed asked. "Why don't you?" dean asked, turning back to look at Ed. Mordechai bursts through the door holding an axe and screaming. Squirrel and Sam empty their gun chambers. He holds on, then wavers and disappears into mist.
**********************
It was the next day, (f)Dean and (p)Sam went back to the Miller house in their priest get ups. "My Mom's resting, she's pretty wrecked." Max tells them as they head to the lounge. "Of course." (f)Dean said. "All these people kept coming with like, casseroles? I finally had to tell them all to go away. You know cause nothing says I'm sorry like a tuna casserole." (p)Sam smiles and Max smiles back.
Before Squirrel could make another comment Dean butted into the conversation "No, I'm not. But fighting with John Winchesters is like yelling at a brick wall, it wont do anything. He's to thick skulled to listen to anyone else so I just go along with it to save time." Dean growled out. Both younger Winchesters had gone quiet, surprised by Deans outburst. Dean huffed and continued talking at a normal volume "Here's the gist of the hunt, we run into some vamps, have a fun little chat with one, get that damn gun." Dean told them.
Thorn had been dragged of somewhere else by Azazel, leaving Sammy in the cell alone. Flashing blue light shined under the cell door, the sounds of fighting getting closer. The door burst open someone stood in the doorway. Air rushed in, making him light headed, someone grabbed him and Sammy soon passed out. When Sammy regained consciousness he was in a field. Squirrel, John, and Sam were standing over him. "Oh thank god, you're alive." Squirrel sighs. "Fuck Chuck. He ain't ever done anything helpful for us." Sammy muttered. "Conscious enough to curse out a dude, he's fine." John smiles.
"No, no, it's okay. I know how you feel. Remember that brother I mentioned before, that I was road-tripping with?" Meg nods. "It's, uh, it's kind of the same deal." "And that's why you're not riding with him anymore?" young Sam shakes his head. Meg raises her beer bottle. "Here's to us. The food might be bad, and the beds might be hard. But at least we're living our own lives. And nobody else's." young Sam taps his bottle against hers and they both drink.
Young Dean just kept talking to his brother, acting like their older selves weren't their. "Sam, Dad is asking us to work jobs, to save lives, it's important." young Sam looked back to his brother. "Alright, I understand, believe me, I understand. But I'm talking one week here, man, to get answers. To get revenge." " Alright, look, I know how you feel." "Do you? How old were you when Mom died? Four? Jess died six months ago. How the hell would you know how I feel?" Older Dean looked pissed at the, his brother reaching up from the back seat and putting his hand on Deans shoulder.
Squirrel is sitting on the bed, Tessa behind him. She strokes his hair tenderly. "It's time to put the pain behind you." Tessa said. "And go where?" "Sorry. I can't give away the big punchline. Moment of truth. No changing your mind later. So what's it going to be?" "He is going to come with me." Castiel said, appearing in the room. Tessa looked over and glared at him "I thought your kind stopped coming down here." she said. "Well, I'm an exception." Cas said, slightly shrugging his arms. "You can't do this. It's against the rules."
Cas looked to them "How are you supposed to say anyone's name without getting confused?" he asked. "Don't worry Clarence, they figured out that problem. One of each double gets a nickname. I'm Thorn, our time Sam goes by Sammy and your younger boyfriend goes by Squirrel." Thorn explained. "Why is his name Sq-" "Sammy picked it since I picked his nickname." Dean explained. "Now, we can talk more later. Let's get out of town." Dean said, starting to walk to Johns truck, the Impala still needing to be fixed.
Cas grabbed Deans hips and started moving him on his own. Deans head rolled back, letting Castiel use him for his own pleasure. "Cas, Cas, Castiel!" Dean yelled loudly as he came across both their chests. As Dean's channel tightened around him Cas was brought to his second orgasm. His wings spasming in pleasure, and his eyes glowing behind his eyelids. Dean collapsed onto Cas, spent. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and cleaned them with a thought. "That, was amazing." Dean chuckled into Cas' chest. Cas nodded and wrapped his wings around the hunter, nuzzling into his hair.
Dean yelped when a sharp hand came across his rear "Now none of that. You are a stunning masterpiece and anyone who doesn't see that is a fool." Cas said as he laid himself across Dean's back, gravel voice next to his ear. Dean moaned quietly and rocked back against Cas. Feeling the angel's erection press against his ass. "Cas," "Alright Dean, you've been patient long enough." with a thought Castiel willed away the rest of their clothes. Dean moaned loudly in surprise when a wave of warmth washed over him, his hole suddenly wet and stretched. "Cas, what did you do?" Dean asked as the angel sat up onto his knees.
(p)Sam shakes his head and sighs "So what do you think killed him?" "Maybe the guy just killed himself? Maybe there's nothing supernatural going on at all." (p)Sam looks and their future selves and shakes his head " I'm telling you, I watched it happen. He was murdered by something Dean. I watched it trap him in the garage." "What was it, a spirit, poltergeist, what?" "I don't know what it was. I don't know why I'm having these dreams, I don't know what the hell is happening Dean." (p)Sam told his brother getting slightly worked up.
John crossed his arms "Fine, give me proof." (f)Dean smiled. "The demon your hunting? His name is Azazel," "He's one of four princes of hell." (f)Sam chimed in. Johns arms feel to his side and he stared at them. "Also, you do have a plan for killing Azazel." (f)Dean said. "I don't know what-" "The colt." (f)Dean said in a matter of fact tone. John was quiet for a bit before taking a deep breathe "Alright, I believe you. But what are you doing here?" John asked.
There is a long pause. "You're leaving again ,aren't you. You still wanna go after the demon alone. You know, I don't get you. You can't treat us like this."Sam said slightly frustrated. "Like what?" John asked him defensively. "Like children." Sammy responded. "You are my children. I'm trying to keep you safe." John said looking at both Sams. "Dad, all due respect but, uh, that's a bunch of crap." Squirrel said flatly. Sam and John both look at Squirrel, shocked. Sammy smiles in approval. "Excuse me?" John asked as if he hadn't heard Squirrel the first time.
"Oh yeah, wrong number?" Squirrel asks with a smirk. "No, smart-ass." Ed said with a slight glare "He read all about the Hell House on our website and wants to option the motion picture rights. Maybe even have us write it." They place their grocery bags into a totally overloaded car. "And create the RPG." Harry says. "The what?" Squirrel asks. "Role playing game." Dean told his counterpart, getting an odd look in return. "A little lingo for you. Anyhoo, ahhh, excuse us, we're off to la-la land." Ed said, turning back to look at the brothers.
The Deans pull over to the side of the road when they got to Burkittsville, Indiana. Getting out they head to Scotty's Café with a guy sitting in front "Let me guess. Scotty?" young Dean asked. "Yep." "Hi, my name's John Bonham." "Isn't that the drummer for Led Zeppelin?" "Wow. Good. Classic rock fan." " What can I do for you, John?" Dean takes two pieces of paper out of his pocket. They are Missing Person flyers for Holly and Vince Parker. "I was wondering if, uh, you'd seen these people by chance." Scotty looks at the flyers "Nope. Who are they?"
Dean and Sammy glanced at each other. "Maybe we go to Lincoln. Start at the warehouse where he was taken." Squirrel suggested, glancing at Dean. "Come on, Dean, you really think these demons are going to leave a trail?" Sam asked. Meg sighed loudly "You two are complete moran's!" Meg yelled out. "You're chasing after past me AND you have your, and I'm gonna emphasize this, FUTURE selves who have been through this already. Don't you think that it might be more helpful to ask one of the three of us for some help?" yelled at them, looking between Squirrel and Sam.
"Please tell me we're done for the day." (p)Dean said, turning to look at his counterpart as they walked to their room. (f)Dean just shrugged. "Not helpful me, not helpful." (p)Dean said, shacking his head. "Why didn't you leave that stuff in the car?" (f)Dean asked (p)Sam. "I said it before, and I'll say it again—better safe than sorry." (p)Dean unlocks the door and they enter the room. They see the outline of a man standing by the window.
################################################################################
"Watch your tongue boy or I'll burn you like I did your mother." Azazel growled. "I know why you killed her and you won't do the same to me." Dean told him matter of factly. "Oh do you now? Why did I kill her?" Azazel asked, crossing his arms. "She broke her deal." Dean stated. Azazel stared shocked at Dean and Alastiar blinked in confusion. "How do you know that?" Alastiar asked. "More time travel shenanigans." Dean stated simply. "How often have you time traveled?" "Well lets see, about I think, counting now." (I'm not sure, I hope that's right.)
Both Sams were slightly shocked from Deans question before (p)Sam looked at his older slef, wanting to know his answer. "Well Dean are you telling me if you had the chance you wouldn't save Cas?" (f)Sam cringed inwardly, knowing how much talking about Cas hurt Dean. Both younger Winchesters looked confused, turning to look at (f)Dean. He was staring blankly at his brother and everyone was deadly silent. (f)Dean turned back around in his seat and looked out the window.
Dean sighed as he put his bag down in his room, face planting onto his bed. Cas chuckled and laid down next to him "Chuck I need a nap." Dean groaned. "You're father is still waiting for you to tell him how you found the Bunker," Cas informed him. "Oh, Cas, come on, it was a long drive even with the break. I need my 4 hours." Dean said, rolling over and looking at Cas. Cas sighed and rolled his eyes "I'll inform Sam you are not having that conversation tonight." he told Dean.
Cas laughed with him, a slight blush on his cheeks. "Well, there are different types. I have passive soaring wings. They're better for flying without needing to have reliable wind currents." Cas explained. Dean made an 'oh' face "What are kinds are there?" "On Angels? There are five different types of wings." "Can you tell me about them?" "Dean, what are you doing?" "Making polite conversation." "Yes, but why?" Deann didn't instantly respond. "...I just think yours are amazing and really cool. I just wanted to know more." Dean finally replies. Cas smiled gently and stood, moving his wing away from Dean.
"But now you do." Sammy said. "I don't know what the hell to think, man. You guys, I--I'll tell you exactly what I told the police, ok? That girl was real. And she was dead. This was not a prank. I swear to God, I don't wanna go anywhere near that house ever again, okay?" Craig said. "Thanks."Sammy said and they headed out. "Don't suppose you'll just tell me what's going on?" Squirrel asked. "Now where would be the fun in that?" Sammy asked smirking.
f)Sam lightly shook his head and (p)Dean frowned turning back to the landlady. "Ma'am, do you mind if we take some time? Give this place a once-over?" (f)Sam asked. "Oh, well, go right ahead. Knock yourself out." she told him. The landlady walked out of the room and (p)Dean went to the tool box. Pulling out the EMF meter he looked to (f)Sam "Am I gonna need this?" he asked. "Try it and you'll find out." (f)Sam said, shrugging his shoulders. (p)Dean frowned "So, a killer walks in and out of the apartment—no weapons, no prints, nothin'." he said.
***************
"You aren't gonna help me are you?" young Dean asks his counterpart. Dean shakes his head and starts walking back to the impala. Young Dean follows and they drive back to town.Getting back to Burkittsville gas station Dean pulls up in his car and they gets out. "You're back." "Never left." "Still looking for your friends?" The Deans nod. Noticing Emily's nameplate necklace he asked "You mind fillin' her up there, Emily?" she grabs a pump and starts filling up Dean's tank. "So, you grew up here?"
Sam and Meg just stared at each other for a bit. "Fine" Meg said "you got yourself a deal." they shook hands and Sam sat back down. Meg went back to her stuff and past Sam.
******************
"Yeah, tell me about it." "I mean it. Y'know, a normal, everyday, naked-in-class, nightmare. This licence plate, it won't check out. You'll see." "It felt different Dean. Real. Like when I dreamt about our old house. And Jessica." "Yeah, that makes sense. You're dreaming about our house, your girlfriend. This guy in your dream, you ever seen him before?" "No." "No. Exactly. Why would you have premonitions about some random dude in Michigan." "I don't know." "Me neither."
I'M SORRY THAT IT'S BEEN NEARLY TWO MONTHS!!!! Please take this chapter as an apology. I hope you like it, I needed to update the tags because of it. ENJOY (the next chapter will come out sooner P-P
I wonder if that's what happened to that 911 couple." he pondered. "That's probably what Dad's thinking. Course it would be nice if he just told us what he thinks." Sam said grumpily from the backseat. "So it is starting." Squirrel said looking back at his brother. "What?" Sam asked defensively.
"Look, it is a really big deal all right. And it wasn't easy to dig up. So only if we have your word that you'll shut everything down." Sammy told them. "Totally." Ed said. "All right." Sam says, Squirrel hands them some paperwork. "It's a death certificate. From the '30s. We got it at the library. Now according to the coroner, the actual cause of death was a self-inflicted gunshot wound." Sammy told them. "That's right he didn't hang or cut himself." Dean said. "He shot himself?" Ed questioned. "Yep. With a .45 pistol. To this day they say he's terrified of them." Sam said.
Sam walked up to Max entirely and held out his hand. Max handed him the gun and Sam passed it back to Dean. "Thank you." Sam said relieved. "Now, I have a plan to help with the space time continuum." Dean said, putting away the gun." Sam and Max looked at him. We have a secret hideout you can stay but we need to get the key first. Until then are you okay with staying here?" both Dean ans Sam looked at Max.
Craig looked from Squirrel to him "You mean the Hell House?" Craig asked. "That's the one." Squirrel said, putting on a smile. "I didn't think there was anything to the story." Craig said, slightly confused. "Why don't you tell us the story." Sammy said. "Well, supposedly back in the '30s this farmer, Mordachai Murdoch, used to live in this house with his six daughters. It was during the Depression, his crops were failing, he didn't have enough money to feed his own children. So I guess that's when he went off the deep end." Craig told them.
Dean looked embarrassed and Cas looked away shyly "Was I really that obvious?" Cas asked quietly. "Well, you did only answer when Dean prayed to you and you always got into his personal space, you mainly risked your life for Dean, and you both were always eye fucking each other." Sammy listed. Dean chuckled awkwardly and Cas tried to hide in his trench coat. "As much as it is entertaining to watch Dean get flustered we should start heading out."Sam said. "Ya, I agree with Sam. We need to get going." Dean chimed in, wanting to get out of the embarrassing situation.
(f)Sam shook his head "Not really no." Meg got up and walked over to him. Kneeling down in front of him and smiling, obviously about to say something. A noise on (p)Dean's side of the room makes her stop. She gets up and walks behind (p)Deans's post. She sees he has a knife in his hand taking it away and tossing it into a corner. Meg swings around to the other side of the post, and smiles at (p)Dean, who chuckles guiltily.
Soon the younger Winchesters walked out of the motel room "So? Future talk?" young Dean asked looking excited. "No can do me, can't risk changing the future." Dean said folding his arms. "Really?" "Ya really, now give me the keys, I want to drive." Dean said holding out his hand. "No way, it's my car." young Dean said looking at his older self like he was crazy. "Well Dean, technically he is you." young Sam said to his brother. "I'm driving, you can sit shotgun." young Dean told his counterpart.
"Sure. I know.... You know, it's just that these roads. They're not real safe at night." young Dean says. The couple exchange a look. "I'm sorry?" the women asks. "I know it sounds strange, but, uh—you might be in danger." young Dean tried to warn them, his older self face palming. "Look, we're trying to eat. Okay?" the man said annoyed. "Yeah." Dean says he looks disappointed. "You know, my brother could give you this puppy dog look, and you'd just buy right into it." the bell above the café door jingles and someone walks in. Scotty comes out from a back room.
When Sam and Squirrel walked out of the house they saw Thorn and their counterparts standing by the Impala. "What the hell guys? We thought you ditched us." Squirrel yelled, sounding frustrated. "We were but realized if we took the Impala and left you you'd be stuck here." Dean told them. Everyone climbed into the car and they started driving off "You remember where to go?" Squirrel asked, looking at Thorn. "Yep, but I ain't going in with you." she said. "Come on, why not?" Dean asked her. "Because I can't fight Azazel, he'd kill me."
***************
*******************
*********hours later************
"Just a little friendly conversation." Dean said as Scotty walks away. "Oh, and that coffee, too, man. Thanks." Scotty looks agitated. Dean keeps talking to the couple. "So, what brings you to town?" Dean asked. "We just stopped for gas. And, uh, the guy at the gas station saved our lives." the women says. "Is that right?" younger Dean asked. "Yeah, one of our brake lines was leaking. We had no idea. He was fixing it for us." said the man. "Nice people." young Dean said, slightly concerned.
(p)Dean stares at his brother for a long moment. He looks back slightly at their future selves as well before turning back to his brother. "What?" (p)Sam asked. "Nothing. I'm just, I'm worried about you man." (p)Dean said shrugging. "Well, don't look at me like that!" "I'm not looking at you like anything." (p)Dean told him, looking away. Glancing back he does make a comment to nag his brother "Though I gotta say, you do look like crap."
"Squirrel, how do you know?" Sam asked his brother. "He's .... he's different." Squirrel says, fighting back tears. "You know, we don't have time for this. Sam, you wanna kill this demon, you've gotta trust me. Sam looks back and forth between his father and brother. Squirrel glances at him, but doesn't say anything else to convince him. "Sam?" John asked. Sam looks back and forth before looking to Dean and Sammy. Sammy looked to the ground and Dean gave him an apologetic look. " No. No." Sam shakes his head and moves over to stand by his brother's side.
################################################################################
"So, it was 2013. We were in our motel when a dude appears through our closet." Dean starts. John and Bobby both looked confused. "Soon after, a demon named Abaddon popped out as well, looking to kill him." "Said guy was part of a secret monster-hunting organization called the men of letters," Sammy added. "Oh really?" John asked, sounding skeptical. "To be honest we didn't really believe him either at first," Dean said. "And what was his name?" John asked. Sammy and Dean looked at each other and Dean took a breathe "Henry Winchester."
"You better call." Meg mocked a stern voice while smiling. "Scout's Honor." Sam said. "I hope to see you around, Sam." he smiles at her and walks away. Sam turned around and Walked out of the bar with Dean. "Who the hell was she?" Dean asked as they walked down the street. "I don't really know. I only met her once. Meeting up with her again? I don't know, man, it's weird." Sam said, pulling out his phone. "Who you calling Sammy?" "Future me. I want to know if he'll tell me more about Meg."
Meg is gathering her things. Past Sam is trying to call Dean on his cell phone. Meg walks up to Sam "Hey. Our bus came in." past Sam hangs up the phone, shaking his head. "You better catch it. I gotta go." he puts on his backpack and Sam gets up ready to follow him. "Go where?" Meg asked. "Burkittsville." "Sam, wait." "I've been trying to call my brother for the last three hours. I'm just getting his voicemail." "Well, maybe his phone's turned off." "No, that's not like him. Meg, I think he might be in trouble." "What kind of trouble?"
"You didn't ask very nice." Meg said in a mock hurt tone. "Where's our father, bitch?" Squirrel asked again. Thorn growled and took a small step forward before Dean grabbed her arm and held her back. "Jeez. You kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh wait, I forgot, you don't." Meg taunted. Dean let out a heavy sigh and let go of thorns arm and grabbed his counterpart instead, stopping him from lunging at her. Dean let out a heavy breathe and pulled Squirrel back "This isn't gonna work if you don't calm the fuck down." Dean told him, letting him go.
"Are they always like this?" he asked Thorn. She just shrugged "Mostly the time I've been around them." she told him. Azazel looked back at the brothers "What a pain in the ass this thing's been." Azazel muttered. "We've been looking for you for a long time." Sam said, ignoring his brothers yelling. "Well, you found me." Azazel says, shrugging his arms. "But the holy water?" Sam asked. "You think something like that works on something like me?" Azazel smirked. "Princes of Hell are a lot more durable then most." Sammy informed his counterpart.
They closed the trunk again and walked over to the nearby river, they step up by some trees and look out. "I think I know what Meg meant by Sunrise." Squirrel said, pointing towards an apartment building. They all look over and see an apartment building with a sign out front that says "Sunrise Apartments".  Son of a bitch. That's pretty smart. I mean, if these demons can possess people they can possess almost anybody inside." Squirrel muttered. "Yeah, and make anybody attack us." Sam said. They looked to their older counterparts "Got any ideas?" they asked at the same time.
Max gestures to the lounge and they all take seats. There is a moments silence, then (p)Sam sighs. "How you holding up?" (p)Sam asks softly. "Okay." Max tells him. "You're dad and your uncle were close?" (f)Dean asked. "Yeah I guess. I mean, they were brothers. They used to hang out all the time when I was little." Max said looking over to (f)Dean. "But not lately much?" "No, it's not that. It's just....we used to be neighbors when I was a kid, and we lived across town in this house. Uncle Roger lived next door, so he was over all the time." "Right. So how was it in that house when you were a kid?"
Once at the motel both pairs of brothers checked into two rooms and met up in the past Winchesters room. "So" past Dean started "how long are you guys gonna be here?" "We're not sure. We don't even know how we got here none the less how to get back." Dean told his counterpart. "What was your plan then?" past Sam asked. "Not sure. " Sam shrugged. "If you don't mind we could stay with you." Dean suggested. "We can't tell you about the future but we could help with small things." "Dean, no." Sam said looking at his brother.
"So," (p)Sam started "I guess the Daevas didn't like being bossed around." "Yeah, I guess not. Hey, Sam?" (p)Dean asked. "Hm?" "Next time you wanna get laid, find a girl that's not so buckets-o'-crazy, huh?" (f)Dean chuckled, earning a jab in the side from (f)Sam. They all leave and head back to the motel.
"What was your plan here? Why didn't you tell us dad was possessed?" Sam asked them. "There was nothing we could have done." Dean told him. "You told me you guys memorized the exorcism incantation." Squirrel glared at his counterpart. "Thorn was to close, we couldn't get rid of Azazel without exorcising her as well." Dean told him. Squirrel got more angry "Stop caring about a demon!" Squirrel yelled. Azazel looked back and forth between both Deans as they spoke. He turned to look at Thorn, who had her arms crossed and was staring deadpan at both Deans.
"How do we choose who gets a nickname?" (f)Sam asked his brother. "We draw sticks." (f)Dean said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "Now" (f)Dean said "does anyone have any sticks?" "I have some straws." (p)Sam said, holding up four plastic straws. "Those will work. Sam give me some scissors." (f)Dean said looking to his brother. (f)Sam handed (f)Dean his scissors and (f)Dean cut two for the straws shorter. (f)Dean shuffled the straws and made sure no one could see which were the longer straws. "Alright, everyone pick a straw." (f)Dean said, both Sams grabbing a straw and (p)Dean reaching back to grab one. "Dammit." (f)Sam said, having drawn a short straw. "Son of a bitch." (p)Dean muttered.
################################################################################
It's the middle of the night, Meg is sleeping on the floor with young Sam. Sam is sitting at a table, on the phone with past Dean. "The scarecrow climbed off its cross?" Sam asked, just playing along with what past Dean was saying. "Yeah, I'm tellin' ya. Burkittsville, Indiana. Fun Town." "Ya, sounds like so much fun. It didn't kill the couple, did it?" Sam asked. "No. I can't cope without you, you know." "So, something must be animating it. A spirit." Sam said, seeing if past Dean had figured out what it was yet. "No, it's more than a spirit. It's a god. A Pagan god, anyway."
Sammy nodded "Understandable. We should start driving anyway, the bunkers a ways away." he said. "Okay, when will you guys be back?" Squirrel asked, coming out of the kitchen. "Next week probably. Have to get things settled." Dean said. "Okay, we can take my truck." John told them. The past Winchesters looked at their dad confused "Why are you going?" Squirrel asked. "I...I need to talk to you boys." John said, before going to talk with them upstairs. "I'll go find Thorn." Sammy said, heading back out. "Who all is going with you?" Scruffy asked. "Cas, Thorn, Dad, and Bobby." Dean listed.
################################################################################
"So, what do they look like?" Sam asked. "Well, nobody knows, but nobody's seen 'em for a couple of millennia. I mean, summoning a demon that ancient? Someone really knows their stuff. I think we've got a major player in town. Now, why don't you go give that girl a private strip-o-gram?" Dean said with a smirk. "Dean, future you said that doesn't happen." Sam reprimanded. "He could have been lying." Dean said shrugging. "Why would he lie about that? He's you." "Fair point."
Thorn growled loudly and Dean steps between her and Squirrel "Okay, lets not start fighting each other." Dean said, not wanting to get into another fight. "Okay, how can you be this okay with being on the same team as a demon?" Squirrel asked. "She's proven to be on our side. She has helped us multiple time. I've fucking told you this." dean said, fully turning to his counterpart. "If she's this willing to turn against her own kind then how do you know she won't turn on us?" Squirrel said, gesturing towards Thorn.
"Oh, John, I'm offended. Don't you trust me?" Azazel says, faking sounding hurt. John shakes his head slowly "Fine." "So we have a deal?" John asked. "No. You do not." a deep gravely voice said from behind them. Azazel looks around John to see a man with messy short black hair, striking blue eyes, a black suit and blue tie on backwards, and he was topped off with a beige trench coat. "Who are you? You're certainly not human." Azazel says, looking confused.
**************
***************
"Nah, you can't get rid of us that easy." Dean said with a light chuckle. Max smiled "How long are you guys gonna be here?" "rest of the day, lot going on later tonight though. Sorry." Sam said giving a sympathetic look. Max sighed "It's fine, just wish it wasn't so lonely here." "Guarantee you you'll get a roommate soon. Lot of people we're saving this time around." Dean told him.
"Hey!" (p)Sam turns on the light. The man turns around, It is John. Past Sam and Dean are stunned. "Dad?" the future Winchesters stayed behind their past selves. "Hey, boys." (p)Dean and John walk towards each other and share a long, emotional hug. (p)Sam watches sadly. (p)Dean and John pull apart a few seconds later. "Hi, Sam." "Hey, Dad." (p)Sam says softly. (p)Sam and John do not hug, but look at each other. Sam places the bag full of weapons on the floor.
Sam dives and grabs the gun off the table. Azazel turns to him, eyes yellow once again, and Sam aims the gun at him. "You kill me, you kill Daddy." Azazel tells him. "I know." Sam says and fires the gun, shooting Azazel in the leg. He falls down and so does Dean and Squirrel. Sam gets up and goes to his brother. "Squirrel? Squirrel, hey? Oh God, you’ve lost a lot of blood." "Where’s Dad?" Squirrel asked. "He’s right here. He’s right here."  "Go check on him." "Dean." "Go check on him."
The Impala drives onto a junkyard. There are junk cars around and hubcaps nailed to the side of the house. A large dog is chained to a post and is lying on the hood of an old tow truck. Dean and Sammy practically jump out of the car, slamming the doors and bolting to the porch. Before they even made it up the steps the door opened. Bobby Singer stepped out and both older Winchesters stopped in their tracks. Squirrel and Sam trotted up behind their counterparts "Hey Bobby, listen, we can explain." Squirrel started, knowing the older hunter was paranoid.
The Winchesters exchanged looks before turning back to Max "In 2005?" (f)Sam asked before answering his own question. "We're not sure, we just woke up here a few weeks ago. We don't know how to get back to our time yet so we're helping our past selves." "And if you mean here, in your house, helping you," (f)Dean started "We want to help. We know now what's going on. Why you and my brother are psychic." Max looked at Dean.
John's truck travels down the road. Kate sluggishly opens and closes her eyes in the passenger seat. After a moment headlights shine in the rear-view mirror. Two cars approach John's truck quickly from behind. John looks in the rear-view mirror, but the cars have disappeared. John has to stop when the road is blocked ahead of him by Luther, three other vamps, and two cars. "Get out! Who are you?"  Luther asked? " Name's Winchester." John told him. " Where are your friends?" "Cleaning out your nest." Luther smiles tightly. "Where's Kate?"
The Sams have made it to a bus station, young Sam talking to the clerk with. "Sorry, the Sacramento bus doesn't run again till tomorrow.Uh, 5:05 PM." she tells him. "Tomorrow? There's got to be another way." young Sam says. " Well, there is. Buy a car." young Sam leaves annoyed and goes to sit with his older self. They sat in silence for a bit before someone came up to them. Meg set her bag on the floor and sat with them "Hey." she said.
It's the next morning in orchard when the Sam's, Dean's, and Emily walk to the sacred tree with gasoline and a lighter. The tree is marked with Vince's tattoo design. Sam goes to the tree and pours the gasoline on it. Past Dean picks up a long branch and lights it. "Let me." Emily says as she takes the branch from past Dean. "You know, the whole town's gonna die." dean told her. "Good." she says. She throws the burning branch onto the tree, and the three of them watch it go up in flames.
Dean heads upstairs and into the bathroom, locking the door. He takes a deep breathe and braces himself on the bathroom counter. He took another deep breathe, trying to clear his head. He still wasn't over Sam bringing up Cas last night. He gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut, he couldn't stop thinking about Cas. It didn't help that his past self was constantly asking who Cas was.
"Thank you for letting us in." (f)Sam thanked the landlady as the entered the apartment. "Well, the police said they were done with the place, so...." she and (f)Sam move further into the room. (p)Dean shuts the apartment door and notices the chain on the door is broken. He follows (f)Sam. In the living room, spots of blood cover the carpet. "You guys said you were with the alarm company?" she asked them. "That's right." (p)Dean said. "Well, no offense, but your alarm's about as useful as boobs on a man." (p)Dean and (f)Sam exchange a look.
***************
Both Deans were at the Community College talking to the professor. "It's not every day I get a research question on Pagan ideology." the professor said turning to look at the two men as they walked down the stairs. "Yeah, well, call it a hobby." past Dean said. "But you said you were interested in local lore?" "Mm-hmm." Dean hummed nodding. "I'm afraid Indiana isn't really known for its Pagan worship." the professor told them. "Well, what if it was imported? You know, like the Pilgrims brought their religion over. Wasn't a lot of this area settled by immigrants?" past Dean asked.
Sam enters Squirrel's room quietly, clutching a brown paper bag in his arms. "Hey. I think maybe you're around. And if you are, don't make fun of me for this, but um, well, there's one way we can talk." Sam said into the seemingly empty room. He pulls out a box labeled "Mystical Talking Board". Squirrel is now behind him., arms folded "Oh, you gotta be kidding me." he said in disbelief. Sam circles around the bed and sits cross legged on the floor. He opens the box and pulls out the board. "Dean? Dean, are you here?" "God, I feel like I'm at a slumber party."
Past Bobby picks up two silvers flasks and hands them to Squirrel and Sam before looking at the older Winchesters. Bobby stepped in front of them "They aren't possessed." Bobby told his counterpart. "And how do you know this?" Both Sammy and Dean pulled down their shirts to reveal tattoos "Anti possession tattoos." they say in sink. "No, before anything else, one of you needs a nickname." Dean told both Bobby's. They looked at hims confused "Since there are two of you calling you both Bobby would get real confusing real fast." Sammy explained, both Bobby's nodded in understanding.
***************
"Harry, why doncha tell 'em about EMF?" Ed said, looking back at his partner. "Well..." Harry said. "EMF?" Sam asked, playing dumb and trying not to smile. "Electromagnetic field? Spectral entities can cause energy fluctuations that can be read with an EMF detector. Like this bad boy right here." Harry says. He turns it on and Squirrel smirks at Sam "Whoa. Whoa. It's 2.8mg." Harry said. "2.8. It's hot in here." Ed said. Squirrel whistles in admiration "Wow." Sam says. "Huh. So you guys ever really seen a ghost before, or..." Squirrel asked, trailing of at the end.
"Look, I wouldn't mind you two staying with us, I don't think Sam would either. But a little help here and there would be nice." past Dean interjected. "It doesn't have to be anything big. Just small things here and there that won't have a big impact." past Sam added. Sam sighed "Fine, but never anything big that could even sightly change the future." "Sounds like a plan." Dean said smiling. "Can I make a request?" past Sam asked.
***************
Dean smiled "Ya, Cas is my angel." Dean said, a stupid grin on his face. "What's so funny?" John asked. Dean shook hos head and started to get up "I'll ride with you and explain a few things." Dean told him. Both John and Sammy got up, Sammy slightly glaring at his brother "Dean, you can't go telling him about the future." Sammy sighed. "And why not?" Dean asked. Sammy opened his mouth before thinking about it and he sighed. "Alright, fine, but please keep it vague." Sammy said before turning and walking back to the impala. Dean and John heading to Johns truck.
Dean shielded his eyes from the son with his hand and stood up, across the field everyone else was looking at him weird. "What? Why are you staring at me? How did we get out?" Dean asked. Squirrel opened his mouth to say something but the sound of flapping wings behind Dean had him shutting it. Dean slowly turned around "C-Cas?" his voice was barely audible. "Hello Dean." Cas said softly. "Dean I-" Dean didn't wait for Cas to say anything else. He rushed over without thinking, grabbing Cas' face between his hands and pulling him into a kiss.
It had been close to a week, things finally seemed to be getting into a rhythm. John seemed to have settled down. It was time for them to get moving again. Dean pet through Cas' hair as he scrolled through his phone. Cas was laying on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. They heard a knock on the door "Hey, pack your bags. We're planning on leaving in 2 hours." Sammy called through the door. "'Kay, we'll meet you in the garage," Dean told his brother. They heard Sammy walking away and Dean tapped Cas on the head.
Dean moved off of Cas' dick before laying back down on him. "We should probably head back soon. The others have to be wondering where we are by now." Dean said. Cas groaned in protest wrapping his arms and wings around Dean tighter. "Honey Bee, we can cuddle all you want when we get back to the bunker. We're gonna be staying there for a bit and letting history play it's course for a little bit." Dean offered. Cas huffed but let go of his hunter "I expect at least two hours of cuddles when we get home." Cas said grumpily.
can't but I can. I can fly down to Hell and pull them out." Cas told them. "Can you do that?" John sounded skeptical. "I have pulled both Dean and Sam out of Hell. So yes John Winchester, I can pull them out of Hell now." Cas said sternly.
Sammy and Dean both chuckled awkwardly "Ya, that's a long story." Dean said "That also involves time travel." Sammy added. "Well, you can tell me the story on the way there."John said, his voice holding no room for argument. "And I'm tagging along. You need to catch me up to speed on what I missed after I died."Bobby told them. With that they all went back inside. "Great, now I'm sorry to say but some of you got to find another place to stay cause I can't house 8 fuckin' people." Scruffy grumbled.
Jack grabbed chuck, taking his power, the brother got up quickly before they felt something tugging at them. They were shot back like a slingshot had thrown them, there was a bright blinding light and then everything went black.
It's night, Past Dean Winchester is at a bar, flirting with the bartender. Sam walks in and looks around, finding and sitting at an empty table. Dean notices him and says goodbye to the bartender, walking over to his brother. "You find anything on the symbol?" Dean asks sitting down. "Nope, nothing in dads or in the usual books. You don't think future me would help do you?" "Nope, I already asked when we were at Meredith's apartment. Said this one was all on us." Dean told his brother.
"Matter of fact they say if you shoot him with a .45, loaded with these special wrought-iron rounds -- it'll kill the sonuvabitch." Dean told them. Ed and Harry snigger gleefully. Harry spins and bolts back toward the trailer, Ed follows more slowly. "So, does this plan work?" Squirrel asked, looking at Dean. "They post it." Dean said, but nothing else. Dean and Sammy look at each other before turning around and heading back to the impala. Squirrel and Sam also exchanged looks before following after them. "I wish they would stop hiding shit form us," Squirrel said to his brother.
*************
Rubbing his eyes Sam asked his past self "What are you doing man, it's the middle of the night." he raises himself onto his elbows. "We have to go." (p)Sam said, still getting ready. Becoming more alert (f)Sam sits up entirely in bed. "We have to go right now." (p)Sam told his counterpart, about to leave the room. (f)Sam stood up and grabbed his past selves arm, stopping him from leaving.
(See the end of the chapter for
Meg turns around to face them as Both Sams and Deans stood up from behind the crates. "Sam, I have to say, this puts a real crimp in our relationship." Meg paused for a second "I am of course, talking to past Sam." the younger Winchesters were surprised. "How-" (p)Sam started but was interrupted by Meg. "He told me, first day we met. You were asleep." (f)Dean glared at his brother. "And I'm in the wrong for saying we know Meg." he muttered to (f)Sam quietly.
Meg looked over to the future Winchesters "What's your plan boys?" they looked at each other. Sighing they put their weapons down and their hands up. Meg looked at them confused, shrugging she ordered the Daeva to knock them out.
"Dad, it was a trap. I didn't know, I'm sorry." (p)Dean apologized to John. "It's all right. I thought it might've been." "Were you there?" (p)Dean asked. "Yeah, I got there just in time to see the girl take the swan dive. She was the bad guy, right?" "Yes, sir." The younger Winchesters said at once. "Good. Well, it doesn't surprise me. It's tried to stop me before." "The demon has?" (p)Sam asked. "It knows I'm close. It knows I'm gonna kill it. Not just exorcise it or send it back to hell—actually kill it." "How?" (p)Dean asked, John smiles. "I'm workin' on that."
"Why tell him about Michael?" Cas asked. "They seemed pretty close last time we saw them together. He needs to know what chuck did to Michael, and that Michael tried to help Chuck." Dean explained. Cas and Sammy nodded in understanding. Suddenly the Roadhouse door flew open, Jo stepping out. She looked straight to the three men by the Impala. Jo ran up and hugged Dean. Dean was startled but hugged back, looking at Sammy confused. When Jo pulled back she looked Dean up and Down "You got old." she muttered. Dean blinked at her confused.
################################################################################
Dean pulled into Bobby's junkyard in one of the cars from the bunker, John really wanted to keep his truck. "Okay, I'm gonna go see other me. He's gonna be in the back fixing the Impala." Dean said, starting to walk away. Cas followed close behind. "Alright, let's head inside and figure out where we're going next," Sammy said, looking to Bobby. Dean and Cas rounded the house, finding Squirrel under the Impala.  It is little more than a rusted frame, but it looks considerably less crunched than last time. "How's the car coming along?" Dean asked.
***************
"Dean, I don't sleep." Cas informed him. "I don't either, doesn't mean I don't want a place to wait till the hunter parade wakes up." Thorn said. "It's fine Cas. If you want you can stay in our room till we fall asleep." Dean suggested. Cas smiled at that idea "Looks like I'm getting my own room. Give me the key." Thorn smiled, holding out her hand. Dean tossed her a key, handed John the key to his and Bobby's room and TFW went to their room. "So you're back to full Angel power now Cas?" Sammy asked, putting his bag down.
It was late at night, the Deans are driving back to Burkittsville. "Do you think we can catch the couple before they leave town?" young Dean asked his counterpart who was driving. "No, it's to late. We need to get the orchard and get them out." Dean said, staring at the road. "How do you-.... Thought you said you weren't aloud to reveal the future." young Dean said smiling. "I'm not, never said I couldn't help you though." Dean said looking at his younger self from the corner of his eye.
Meg took a deep breathe and calmed down, Squirrel still glared at her but didn't say anything. "Guess we're closer then I thought." Dean muttered to himself. "You two have been switching up the past over the last few months, what's one more?" Meg asked him. "This is extremely different Meg. We'd be changing a Major character Death, I don't know about you but we tend to have a lot of that." Dean told her. "Exactly, you've had to watch a bunch of people you care about die. You finally have a true chance to save them and your telling me you're just gonna throw that away?"
Sam looks torn as his brother and father yell at him. He looks over to Dean as Sammy but Dean is still unconscious and Sammy is trying to help him. Thorn was trying to help make sure Dean didn't bleed out. Sam looks back to John but couldn't shoot. The demon suddenly leaves John in a black cloud from his mouth and the entire room goes black. When they could all see again Sammy, Dean, and Thorn were all missing. John looks at Sam accusingly. "Where are they?" Squirrel asked, sounding slightly panicked. Sam shook his head "I don't know. I couldn't see."
The Impala cruises to a stop, the boys see the Emergency vehicles and someone on a stretcher being zipped into a body bag. They turn to each other in the car, (p)Dean concerned, (p)Sam upset. Sighing all four men get out of the car and approach the watching crowd. "What happened?" (p)Dean asked a woman. "Suicide. Can't believe it." she told him shaking her head. "Did you know them?" (p)Sam asked, coming to stand on the woman's other side.
Dean and Squirrel had been fixing the Impala for 2 hours when Dean's phone starts ringing. He grabs it out of his pocket "Who's calling?" Squirrel asked. "Dad," Dean said briefly before answering. "Hey dad, why are you calling?" "I had an idea, I need you to go somewhere," John told him. "Alright, can't promise anything but where do you want us to go?" "A...well she's not exactly a friend might need some help. I need you to go to Nebraska. A hunter Roadhouse." "The Roadhouse? Gotta go dad." Dean quickly hung up the phone and raced inside.
****************
"All right, just, uh, calm down. What's your name?" "Tessa." "Okay, good, Tessa, I'm Dean." "What's happening to me? Am - am I dead?" "That sort of depends. Where is your body?" "Oh, follow me."Tessa says, leading the way. Squirrel and Tessa stand outside a room, watching what is apparently Tessa's body, hooked up to tubes and machines.
"Actually, we were counting on it." Squirrel said from behind her. Meg turns to look at him. Dean stares at her and then looks up at the ceiling. Meg also looks up and sees a large protective symbol etched there. "Gotcha." Future Meg said as she and Dean got up. "You're a traitor." past Meg growled at her counterpart.  "Eh, don't really care." (f)Meg said, shrugging her shoulders. "What could possibly be so great about working with these morons?" (p)Meg asked. "I bet you it was the angel." Dean said, crossing his arms.
"Come on, let's go." Dean said. The Sam's, Dean's, and Emily start running. They hear a noise and turn around, but the scarecrow and its victims have disappeared. The three of them stay there and look around.
The Deans left to Scotty's café, seeing the couple who's car broke down. "Oh, hey, Scotty. Can I get a coffee, black?" Dean asked as him and his younger self sat down. Scoty walks away to get it. "Oh, and some of that pie, too, while you're at it." young Dean yelled after him. "How ya doin'?" young Dean asked the couple sitting next to them. The couple waves and smiles "Just passing through?" "Road trip." the girl said. "Hm, ya. Us too." Dean said, deciding to jion the conversation. "I'm sure these people want to eat in peace." Scotty said as he walled over to refill the couples cider.
Squirrel goes into the hallway and a spirit whooshes past him. He jumps back. He looks over to John "I take it you didn't see that." Squirrel stalks the spirit down the hallways. He sees it go into a back hallway where a woman is lying on the floor, choking "Help! Help!" the woman cried. "Hey! I need some help in here!" Squirrel yelled, no one could here him. "I can't... breathe!" she pants loudly, trying desperately to breathe, then goes silent. Squirrel, leaning over her, looks on helplessly.
She nodded "Saw him in every Sunday at St Augustines. He always seems...seemed, so normal. I guess you never know what's going on behind closed doors." "Guess not." (p)Dean said staring straight ahead. "How did...ahh. How are they saying it happened?" (f)Dean asked. "I heard they found him in the garage, locked inside his car with the engine running." "Do you know about what time they found him?" (f)Sam asked her. "Oh it just happened about an hour or two ago. His poor family. I can't even imagine what they're going through."
Dean grabbed his phone "Go out and grab stuff front he trunk that we might need." Sam left the room with an empty duffle bag. Dean tried to call his dad, only getting voicemail. "Dad? We think we've got a serious lead on the thing that killed Mom. So, uh, this warehouse—it's 1435 West Erie. Dad, if you get this, get to Chicago as soon as you can." Dean hung up as Sam walked in. "Voicemail?" he asked. "Yeah." he gestured to the bags "Jesus, what'd you get?"
Before he could talk himself out of it, Dean licked a stripe up Cas' wing. Causing the Angel to gasp and fall forward. He caught himself before covering his mouth with a hand, body shaking. "Cas? You okay?" Dean asked, leaning to the side to try and see Cas better. In the blink of an eye, Cas turned around and pounced on Dean. Shoving him to the ground and straddling his midsection. Dean huffed, the wind getting knocked out of him from the force. Cas was breathing heavily, pupils were blown wide with lust. Dean swallowed and chuckled nervously "Cas?"
Monitors are beeping, a doctor and some nurses are surrounding Squirrel, resuscitating him. "All clear." Sam was huddling in the doorway, tears in his eyes "No." "Still no pulse." "Okay, let's go again, 360." "Charging." Sam is in the doorway, crying and fidgeting; Squirrel comes slowly behind him. He sees a ghostly figure floating over the body lying in the bed. "You get the hell away from me." Squirrel growls. He runs to the bed and faces the thing down, yelling. "I said get back!" Sam blinks, looks confused, as if he's heard something.
***************
All four people keep running. Finally, the Dean's and the couple reach the clearing. Dean cocks his gun and looks around, but the scarecrow has disappeared. "What—what the hell was that?" the man asked out of breathe. "Don't ask." both Deans said at the same time.
Cas had used his grace to take off his three top layers while Dean was working. Humming and moaning quietly. When he got to the base of Cas' wing he was startled when he found it slightly wet. "Cas," Dean said, bringing his hand closer to see what was on it "why is your wing wet?" Cas blushed and brought his wings in close to himself. "That would be wing oil. Angels excrete it when their wings are getting groomed. It helps the wings stay healthy for longer" Cas explained.
"I have a plan, Sam." John told him. "That's exactly my point! Squirrel is dying, and you have a plan! You know what, you care more about killing this demon than you do saving your own son!" Sam yelled at his father. "No, no, no, guys, don't do this!" Squirrel said, exasperated. "Do not tell me how I feel! I am doing this for Dean." Yelled back, angry. "How? How is revenge going to help him? You're not thinking about anybody but yourself, it's the same selfish obsession!" "Come on guys, don't do this!" Squirrel tried again.
"You know, we could have some fun. I always like to make new friends." She lowers him to her level and kisses him, still holding his cheeks tightly. Another vamp watches, smiling. Dean grimace's harshly "Oh. Whuf. Sorry. I don't usually stay with a chick that long. Definitely not eternity. Not to mention I got another guy in mind." Dean continued to snark. An arrow pieces the other vamp's back. A second later the same happens to Kate. "Dammit." Kate says Looking down at the point sticking out of her chest.
Squirrel stopped walking and smiled inwardly. "It's about Cas." Dean said. "What about him?" Squirrel asked. "I miss him. It's my fault he's gone in the first place and there's no way for me to bring him back." Dean said, his voicing raising at the end. Squirrel looked at him confused "What do you mean it's your fault he's gone?" he asked, putting his hands in his pockets. "Want the long or short version of the story?" Dean asked. Squirrel shrugged "Short would probably be best, we have to get to Colorado soon." he said. Dean nodded and took a breathe.
In the lounge room (f)Dean is on the lounge, (p)Sam in an armchair. Ms.Miller pours coffee and hands it around. "It was wonderful of you to stop by. The support of the church means so much right now." Ms.Miller said. (f)Dean inwardly cringed from what he was about to say "Of course. After all we are all God's children." he told her, trying to keep his voice calm and even. (p)Sam noticed but didn't ask, just noted it away for later.
"Cas...Feathers...Angel...Baby...Honey Bee?" Cas stopped struggling at the last name. He looked back to Dean who smiled wide 'Got him'. "Honey Bee, I didn't mean to laugh at you," Dean said. "Please stop trying to ditch me in the middle of nowhere and sit down with me for a bit?" Cas grumbled but shifted his wings to lay on either side of them; out of the way. Dean leaned his head on Cas' shoulder "I just thought your reaction was cute, and how you got all flustered after." he explained, Starting to kiss Cas' shoulder.
"Glad I could help." past Dean walks to the classroom door. When he opens it, the sheriff hits him on the head with the end of his rifle. Dean falls to the ground, and the sheriff and the professor look at future Dean. "Um, let's talk about this." Dean said taking a step back. "I know you're gonna knock me out one way or another so just go ahead." Dean said standing still. The sheriff gave him a weird look but knocked Dean out anyway.
"Dean, start moving, or I will make you move." Cas growled. Dean smiled and lifted himself up Cas' cock. He stayed with just the tip inside until Castiel looked at him. Dropping down Cas keened at the feeling of the hunter slamming down onto him. Quickly after Dean started a fast pace of bouncing on Castiel's cock, spearing himself over and over. Cas thrusted his hips up, meeting Dean each time he dropped down. Deans breath was ragged and his legs were quaking. "Cas, I'm close." Dean moaned, looking down at the angel.
"It was fine. Why?" Max asked, looking confused at (f)Dean. (f)Dean sighed internally 'dammit kid, why do you have to lie?' "All good memories? Do you remember anything unusual? Something involving your father and your uncle maybe?" (p)Sam asked before (f)Dean could say anything. "What do ya....why do you ask?" Max asked, shaking his head. "Just a question." "No, there was nothing. We were totally normal. Happy." (f)Dean looked at Max, it was hard not doing anything when he knew the truth.
"Let's try this again, how did you get here?" Alastiar asked for the 15th time. Dean groaned and threw his head back "Again, we don't know." Dean tried. Alastiar tutted and shook his head "You're being really difficult." Alastiar said with mock sadness. "I don't know what the fuck you wanna here, I'm telling the truth!" Dean yelled frustrated. Dean had to spit out a mouthful of blood that had accumulated, Alastiar had been cutting at him for 30 minutes and he was now very bloody. "I wanna here how you managed to time travel." Alastiar told him. Dean groaned loudly "Why are demons so dense?"
"And the alarm was still on?" "Like I said, bang-up job your company's doin'." she said crossing her arms. "Mmhmm. You see any overturned furniture, broken glass, signs of struggle?" the landlady shakes her head. "Everything was in perfect condition—except Meredith." "And what condition was Meredith in?" (f)Sam asked. "Meredith was all over. In pieces. The guy who killed her must have been some kind of a whack job. But I tell you, if I didn't know any better, I'd have said a wild animal did it." (p)Dean looked at (f)Sam. (
Cas hugged him back, closing his eyes and just enjoying the feeling of holding Dean in his arms. Neither knows how long they stood there like that but neither cared, they just wanted to enjoy the others presence. When they pulled away, more from knowing they had to go then actually wanting to, Cas let out a sad sigh. Dean in return gabbed Cas' hand and smiled at him "Better?" Cas nodded. "Much, thank you." he said as he gently squeezed Deans hand. They started walking to the others before Dean stopped, realizing something.
***************
Sammy and Dean both cross their arms and stay quiet, for now. Squirrel turns to look at John's truck as Sam overtakes it and passes it. Once in front Sam slams on the brakes, causing the Impala to swerve sideways in front of John's truck. They both stop. "Oh crap. Here we go." Squirrel muttered as Sam gets out of his car. "Sam!" Squirrel yells, following him out of the car. Sam and John, who is also out of his truck, look angry. Dean turns around to look at his brother "Can I intervene without you yelling at me?" He asked. Sam nodded and they both got out of the car.
The boys considered it "Maybe not such a bad idea. Out of what I remember nothing too serious happens for a while." Dean said. "Wait...where's Cas?" he asked, looking around. "He came in with us right?" Sam asked. "I thought so...I'm gonna go look for him," Dean said, getting up to go look outside. Dean walked outside and looked around the Impala. "Cas! You out here?" he yelled. Dean jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Turning around he saw Cas "Hello Dean." "What are ya doing at here man?"
"Ya, don't worry, I have a plan." Dean said. Neither said anything for a second "You aren't gonna tell me are you?" "Nope." The four elders started walking away "I hope your apple pie is freakin' worth it!" past Dean yelled after them. "So, what's the plan?" Emily asked. "I'm workin' on it." past Dean told her, turning to look at his counterpart.
(p)Sam slightly glared at (f)Dean "Maybe it was the fact you said you remember and knew her." he said a bit bitterly. "You did what now?" (f)Sam looked at his brother. "They asked and I didn't think it would be a problem." (f)Dean said shrugging. (f)Sam face palmed and sighed "We can't really talk about it." (f)Sam said making both younger Winchesters sigh. "Let's just get ready to go." (p)Dean said, not wanting to fight about it right now.
Hearing a groan come from the floor Dean turned around and saw Sam sitting up. "What happened?" Sam asked while looking around. "Not sure, there isn't any trace of Jack or Chuck and a bunch of our stuff is here." Dean told him, going to help him up. "We should find out where we are, maybe theirs a phone around here somewhere." Sam said continuing to look around the room, probably for a phone.
"Cas, when did you get so good at this?" Dean asked, throwing his head backward. Cas just hummed around him, continuing to lick and suck along Dean's shaft. "Cas," Dean moaned, rolling his hips into Cas. Castiel let go of Dean's cock, it sliding out of his mouth with a pop. "Angel, what are you-" "Rollover, ass in the air," Cas ordered. "Cas," once again Cas didn't let him finish. Roughly grabbing the base of Dean's cock Cas looked him in the eyes "Turn over, ass up. That's an order." he growled. Dean whimpered and rolled over, presenting himself to Cas.
It was night once more, all brothers were back at Hell House. Having distracted the cops that were watching the house they headed inside. Looking around trying to find Mordechai. "So you think old Mordechai's home?"Squirrel asked. "I don't know." Sam said. "Me either." Ed said from behind them. All the brothers spin around, pointing their guns at Ed and Harry. "WHOA!! WHOA!!" Ed yelled, putting his hands up. "What are you trying to do, get yourself killed?" Sam asked them, all Winchesters lowering their guns. "What are you trying to do, get yourself killed?" Sam asked.
"Funny, but that’s all part of your M.O., isn’t it? Masks all that nasty pain, masks the truth." Azazel replied.  "Oh, yeah? What’s that?" "Why do you have to bring it up." both Deans said at the same time. "You know, you fight and you fight for this family, but the truth is they don’t need you. Not like you need them. Sam – he’s clearly John’s favorite. Even when they fight, it’s more concern than he’s ever shown you." Azazel continued. Squirrel glared and Dean looked away.
Cas chuckled "How could you tell?" "Well, you brought us out into the middle of nowhere and are kinda doing that thing where you want to ask a question but don't want to bother me. So you just stay quiet and just look sad." Dean explained. Cas blushed and lifted his head off of Dean. "Hey, I didn't mean it as a bad thing; I actually think it's kinda cute. I only brought it up cause I didn't want you sitting there being uncomfortable." Dean quickly explained. Hoping he hadn't hurt Cas.
***************
"Great idea, you figure out where we are and I'll try and find the rest of our stuff." Dean said, patting Sams shoulder and going back to looking around the room with Sam. Dean couldn't find any more of there weapons, no angle blades, no demon blade, no colt, none of there powerful weapons. "Um...Dean?" Sam said from behind him. Dean turned around to see what Sam needed "What's up, find out where we are?" Dean asked walking over.
"Besides," Dean said "future us knows her right? There is now way she's evil, we wouldn't keep her around if she was." Dean told his brother. "Guess you have a point. Now what about the symbol?" "Yeah, that I did have some luck with." Dean said looking down at his research. "It's, uh—turns out it's Zoroastrian. Very, very old school, like two thousand years before Christ. It's a sigil for a Daeva." "What's a Daeva?" "It translates to "demon of darkness". Zoroastrian demons, and they're savage, animalistic, you know, nasty attitudes—kind of like, uh, demonic pit bulls."
"Even 15 years later you had still fucked up my life. You taught me not to fucking feel, to be a fucking soldier and I grew up with that fucked up mentality my entire life and wanna know what happened? Every fucking relationship I EVER tried to have would end because I couldn't ever talk to them about anything that was wrong. I never got to tell my best friend that I loved him back before he died and I might never get the chance!" Deans voice kept raising as he spoke.
"And I fucking mean both you dick. Because of you I didn't have a childhood, I never got to actually be a kid. Because of mom my brother gets hunted by demons. She new what was going on that night, she made the deal." Dean continued, john finally stopped trying to interrupt. "She was willing to let my angel die for some stupid stuck up assholes that tortured me and Sam. You abandoned me and Sam CONSTANTLY and would fucking punch me, no matter how young I was, if I didn't protect him right. it didn't matter that I was a fucking kid that could barely take care of myself."
"Cas made a deal with a cosmic entity to save our sons life. He never told us about it though and made Jack swear not to tell us either. The deal was that when Cas was truly happy the empty would kill him." Dean took a second to get his breathe. "The reason it's my fault he died is because the only time Cas was happy was when he told me how he felt cause he realized we didn't have to be together and that just telling me how he felt would make him happy." Dean shot out quickly, words barely intelligible.
His eyes glow blue with his grace, Castiel starts glowing and the shadow of his wrings unfurl behind him. Everyone takes a step back "You will not bring any harm to the Winchesters." Cas growls. All three demons disappear. Cas stops glowing and looks to John "You're welcome." he says. "Thank you? My son is going to die because of you!" John yells at him. "I would never let anything bad happen to Dean if I could help it." Cas says before disappearing himself. John looks stunned before racing back upstairs to Deans room. He bumps into Sam in the halls "Dad, what's wrong?" "We need to get to Dean."
***************
(f)Dean and (p)Sam turn for the door, Max follows. As (f)Dean grasps the doorknob he turns back to smile at Max. Max sees the butt of the pistol in (f)Dean's waistband in the hall mirror. Suddenly the knob is pulled from (f)Dean's hand and the door slams shut, as does the wooden window blinds all around the room. "You're not priests!" Max yelled as he backed up. (f)Dean draws his gun but Max uses his power to pull it away, sliding it across the floor to where he can pick it up. He hold's it on (p)Sam and (f)Dean.
Finally done. I hope you liked it......I don't know this is my first time travel fic so I'm not quite yet.
"I think we both know how you really feel about me. You know, I saw you watching me—changing in my apartment. Turned you on, didn't it?" "Get a room, you two." (p)Dean chimed in, (f)Sam gagging slightly. "I didn't mind. I liked that you were watching me. Come on, Sammy. You and I can still have a little dirty fun." she begins kissing his neck. "Meg, do us both a favor and stop." (f)Sam said. Meg looked over to him "Don't like me anymore Sam?" Meg asked.
Dean is trying to open the cellar door, but he fails. Sighing he walks back down. "I don't understand. They're gonna kill us?" Emily asked. "Sacrifice us. Which is, I don't know, classier, I guess? You really didn't know anything about this, did you?" past Dean asks. "About what? The scarecrow god? I can't believe this." "Well, you better start believing, cause We're gonna need your help." Dean said walking over. "Okay." Emily said. "Now, we can destroy the scarecrow, but we gotta find the tree." past Dean said.
"I came here when I was thirteen. I lost my parents. Car accident. My aunt and uncle took me in." "They're nice people." "Everybody's nice here." "So, what, it's the, uh, perfect little town?" Dean asked, his younger self looking surprised that he said anything. "Oh, didn't know you could talk." Emily said looking at Dean. "Not one for talking." Emily nodded. "Well to answer your question, it's the boonies. But I love it. I mean, the towns around us, people are losing their homes, their farms. But here, it's almost like we're blessed." the Dean's nod.
"Why didn't you come in Dad?" Sam asked softly. "You know why. Because I had to make sure you weren't followed.... by anyone or anything. Nice job of covering your tracks by the way." John told them. "Yeah, well, we learned from the best." Squirrel says looking a little proud. Sam rolled rolled his eyes "We also had a little help." Sam said, looking to John. "Damn right you did. Stop trying to hog the credit." Dean said lightly wacking Squirrel on the head, making both Sam chuckle. John looked between the four of them like they were acting strange "You all seem to be getting along." he said.
Dean smiled gratefully and rolled onto his side to get some sleep. Cas got up and went to find Sammy. Cas found him in the kitchen with John and Bobby. "Where's Dean?" Sammy asked. "He's tired so he's going to sleep," Cas told him. "I still want to know how they found this place," John said, a little annoyed. "And he'll tell you tomorrow when he gets his sleep and is not an angry bear," Cas explained. John huffed but dropped the topic. "Come on, I'll show you guys some spare rooms," Sammy said, leading John and Bobby off.
Squirrel smiles and starts cutting at the ropes. John moans and starts to come around. "What-what's going on?" John muttered. "Dad, are you okay?" Squirrel asks as he finishes cutting John free. "They've been drugging me. Where's the Colt?" John asked, sitting up. "Don't worry, Dad, it's safe." Sam tells him. John nods and looks over to Dean and Sammy, staring at them, they stare back. No one says anything. Thorn walks into the doorway of the room and takes one glance at John before stepping back "Something the matter?" Squirrel asks. Thorn glances at Dean and Sammy, who shake their heads, she does the same.
The older Winchester brothers chucked nervously "We don't really know," (f)Sam said "One second we're dealing with an overpowered 3 year old and the biggest douche in the universe. Next we're in a motel room and it's 2005." (f)Dean finished. "Did you two follow most of that?" John asked the Past Winchester brothers. They shook their heads lightly, (f)Sam face palmed "Dean, that was not a needed explanation." (f)Dean sighed. "We don't know why we're here or how to get back. There, that better?" The other three Winchesters nodded.
Though (f)Dean already knew about everything he still played along "Ms Miller you have a lovely home. How long have you lived here?" "We moved in about five years ago." "The only problem with these old houses. I bet you have all kind of headaches." "Like what?" "Well, weird leaks, electrical shortages, odd settling noises at night. That kind of thing." "No, nothing like that. It's been perfect." Ms.Miller said shacking her head. "Huh. May I use your restroom." "Oh sure, it's just up the stairs." (f)Dean rises, taking another cocktail sausage.
Sighing (p)Sam got in the backseat with his older self "There is one more problem." he says. "And what would that be?" (f)Dean asks. "There is four of us, I guarantee that is to many people." they all exchanged looks, he did have a point. "Okay, you and I will go and talk to them tomorrow." (f)Dean said. "What!?!?" both Sam's yelled at once. "I actually feel better with that." (p)Dean said. "Why?" (f)Sam asked. "Because, you two know more then we do, so if anything else from the future pops up at least one of us will know how to handle it."
(f)Dean sighed, knowing if they didn't deal with this soon someone was gonna start throwing punches. "If you aren't gonna be of any help you can kindly fuck off." (p)Dean said, yell, he more of yelled. (f)Dean growled and pulled the the impala to the side of the road. Stopping abruptly, everyone jerked forward. He turned around and glared at his past self you looked visibly startled. "Okay, that's enough." he yelled out, all attention was on (f)Dean.
****************
When john looked back at Dean his nose was bleeding and there was a good chance it was also broken. John stared and Dean in shock, not ever expecting any version of his sons would punch him in the face. Before John could say anything Dean stormed over to him and grabbed him by the shirt once more. "You have NO idea what we have been through. No idea what we deal with because both our parents are both fucking assholes." Dean yelled at him. John quickly steadied himself at the mention about Mary but again Dean beat him to the punch.
He got a thoughtful expression then turned to their older counterparts "Is he connected to the house?" as usual the older Winchesters didn't respond. "What's the point of having your futures selves around if they aren't gonna be any help?" (p)Dean growled. "Dean" (p)Sam started on his brother "No, Sam, this is ridiculous. They never say anything, never help. They said they would help with small stuff but they don't even do that." (p)Dean said, glaring ant their future selves.
"Thanks for your help with the Daeva." (p)Sam said. Meg looked surprised "Didn't expect an thank you from they baby Winchesters but I'll take it." both Deans offended. "Baby!?!? Who you calling a baby?" (p)Dean yelled. "Oh calm down." Meg smirked. "We'll help our Meg, you guys help dad." (f)Dean said. Everyone nodded, (f)Sam passing John to his younger self. "I'm not sure how comfortable I am leaving you two with a demon." John said looking at his future sons.
Sam nods. "We're stronger as a family, Dad. We just are. You know it." Squirrel said. Before John could order them off so he didn't have to continue this conversation Dean piped up "Dad me and Sammy have faced worse the one little Prince of Hell. Heck, we've fought the other 3 and always won. You can't keep using the line of protecting us if we can and have handled ourselves." Sammy nodded in agreement. John looked at them with a hard stare. "Azazel can't take on all four of us at once. And no one can beat us when we work together." Sammy adds.
****************
"Huh, vampires. Get's funnier every time I hear it." Squirrel said, still half asleep. Dean had grabbed his jacket and left right behind John, Sammy not to far behind. Sammy yawned and stretched, trying to wake up more and saw Dean walking over to John. "Do you two need something?" John asked, a little more harsher then expected. Dean stared at him for a few seconds, taken aback "Okay, chill, I'm not here to punch you or anything." Dean said raising his hands slightly. "Look, I don't 100% believe that you're my sons from the future. I thought my boys would know better honestly." John said.
Both Sam's thought for a moment "He....*sighs* He has a point. We don't know if anything else from the future will show up. If we pair up with one future and past brother then we're less likely to get hurt if something like that does happen." (p)Sam told his counterpart who nodded in agreement. "Well then why can't we just stay in the groups we have now?" (p)Dean asked.
"What the hell was that." John said, glaring at Sam. "We need to talk." Sam tells him. "About what?" John asked, coming to a halt face to face with Sam. "About everything. Where we going Dad. What's the big deal about this gun." Sam said, voice raising at the end. "Sammy, come on, we can Q and A after we kill all the vampires." Squirrel said, lightly grabbing his brother by the shoulder. Sammy pulled him off though and brought him further back while Dean stepped up next to Sam.
So, I know I've been doing every other episode so far but that's not how I'm gonna do this. Some episodes I just don't find that important and I wanna keep the story interesting.
A little into the ride (p)Sam told his brother what was going on. He had called the police and was reading from a Michigan State Police ID. "McReady. Detective McReady. Badge number 158. I've got a signal 480 in progress, I need the registered owner of a two door sedan, Michigan licence plate Mary-Frank-six-zero-three-seven. Yeah okay, just hurry." "Sammy relax. I'm sure it's just a nightmare." his brother tried to reassure him. The older Winchesters exchanged looks and kept quite.
***************
Half way through the trip it had gotten late. People in the crapped car had started to get grouchy and John and Thorn had had 3 shouting matches. Dean was getting tired and Bobby and John had started to argue. "Dean, there is a motel about 2 miles from here." Cas told him. Dean looked over and gave Cas a thankful smiled, starting to drive a little faster. Finally they stopped and were all able to get out of the truck "Alright, if you're angry the go take a breather. We'll get rooms." Dean said.
################################################################################
################################################################################
***************
Looking back over to the Sams Meg asks "Were you just trying to distract me while your brother cuts free?" "No. No. That's because I have a knife of my own." (p)Sam told her. Meg is confused. (p)Sam and (f)Dean break free from their ropes and (p)Sam grabs Meg's shoulders, then knocks his head against hers. She falls to the floor while he groans in pain. (f)Dean goes to untie his Sam.
################################################################################
With all Winchesters being attacked not one could get up "Close your eye!" someone shouted before the whole room was lit up by a flair. "Come on, get out of the room!" (f)Sam helped John up and the other three Winchesters were able to get out on their own. Exiting the building they looked around. "Who threw the flair?" "Over here boys." a woman said from their right. She had a little longer then shoulder length brown hair, pail skin, brown eyes and was 5'4.
"Squirrel--Squirrel, hey, hey, just, forget it, all right? These guys ..." Dean sighs "probably bitch slap them both, I could probably even tell them that thing about Mordechai ... but they're still not gonna help us. Let's just go." Dean said, turning to walk away. "Whoa.. whoa..." Ed and Harry said, suddenly interested. "Yeah, you're right." squirrel said, turning as well. All four brothers start walking away, Ed and Harry trailing after them. "What you say about...?" Ed said. "Hang on a second here." Harry said, trying to get them to stop walking.
****************
"Cas, you have your wings back." Dean said in shock. Cas lightly nodded his head "Yes, it appears so. I just hope I can keep them now." as they were talking Sammy had come up to them, everyone else close behind. "So it finally happened? You two are finally together?" Sammy asked them. Both men blushed "What do you mean finally?" Dean asked. "What he means is that you two constantly had sexual tension around you whenever you two were in the same room. It was obvious you liked each other." Thorn explained. "It seemed like everyone knew you like each other but you." Sammy laughed.
"Nope, and future you isn't either." Sam said. "Well, you'll figure out what it is, you can figure out a way to kill it." Sam said smiling. "I know. We're actually on my way to a local community college. We've got an appointment with a professor. You know, since I don't have my trusty sidekick geek boy to do all the research and future me won't say shit." Sam laughs. "You know, if you're hinting you need our help, just ask." "I'm not hinting anything. Actually, uh—I want you to know....I mean, don't think...." "Yeah. I'm sorry, too. We both are." Sam said, looking at his past self.
"Why you doin' this, Meg? What kind of deal you got worked out here, huh? And with who?" (p)Sam asked. "I'm doing this for the same reasons you do what you do—loyalty. Love. Like the love you had for Mommy—and Jess." she told (p)Sam mockingly.  "Go to hell." "Baby, I'm already there." she smiles and slides over to (p)Sam. "Come on, Sam. There's no need to be nasty." Meg leans in to whisper in his ear.
Dean turned to look back at his brother who shook his head, silently telling his brother to stay out of it. "Dad said it wasn't safe. For any of us. I mean, he obviously knows something that we don't, so if he says to stay away, we stay away." "I don't understand the blind faith you have in the man. I mean, it's like you don't even question him." The car had stopped a bit ago because of the younger brothers arguing. "Yeah, it's called being a good son!" Sam angry gets out of the car. Dean also gets out and watches Sam unloading things from the trunk. "You're a selfish bastard, you know that? You just do whatever you want. Don't care what anybody thinks." Dean yelled at his brother.
An arrow pierces one of the vamps and all four Winchester brothers run out of the trees, Dean and Sammy pause to line up and shoot 2 other other vamps with their crossbows. Sam and Squirrel move toward Luther who backhands Sam and knocks him into Squirrel. Luther grabs Squirrel while Sam is still dazed. Dean grabs a machete and turns to help but Luther has his arm around Squirrel's throat. "Don't! I'll break his neck. Put the blade down." For a moment Dean does nothing. Luther tightens his hold on Squirrel's neck, cutting off his air supply completely. Dean drops the machete, Sammy and Sam doing the same.
(f)Dean turned to face his brother "Really Sam? You get on my back about spoiling the future and you pull shit like that?" "I didn't mean for it to come out the way it did. It was just a natural reaction." this made (p)Sam look at his older self. "If that was your natural reaction then I am concerned." (f)Sam cringed, realizing he just made the situation worse. "Welp Sam, you seemed to have done it again." (f)Dean mocked.
***************
"Not quite, but look at this." Sam said lifting something up, that something was a Samsung SGH-t309. "What the hell?" Dean said "Who has one of those anymore?" Dean asked looking at Sam. "Not sure, but it says it's 2005." Sam said, looking confused. Both brothers didn't understand what was going on. "What do you mean it says it's 2005?" Dean asked "Maybe it's old and has the wrong date." he tried to reason. "Or" Sam said "something went wrong when jack took chuck powers, maybe we were to close."
################################################################################
"So, where's your little Daeva friend?" (p)Dean asked. "Around. You know, that shotgun's not gonna do much good." Meg told him. "Oh, don't worry, sweetheart. The shotgun's not for the demon." (f)Dean shook his head but stayed quiet, they'll figure it out eventually. "So, who is it, Meg? Who's coming? Who are you waiting for?" (p)Sam asked her. "You." she said with a smug smile. The shadow demon begins to form on the wall. It knocks (p)Sam to the ground and throws (p)Dean into the crates. A claw-like scratch appears on (p)Sam's face.
Cas stared at Dean for a few seconds, the look of adoration turning to one of hunger. Cas pulled out of Dean and laid on his back on the ground. Dean quickly climbed onto Cas and sank down on Cas' cock. Both men moaned in unison. Cas gripped onto Deans hips and thrusted up, not liking Deans lack of movement. The sudden movement causing Dean to fall forward. Catching himself, his fingers accidentally gripping Cas' wings. The angel cried out, his true voice ringing in the air, back arching, and wings fluttering. Cas came inside of Dean.
(p)Sam calms down and looks at his brother "It's happening again. Something's gunna kill Roger Miller." all four brothers got up. (p)Dean making sure (p)Sam's okay consistently. (f)Dean hopped in the drivers seat along with (f)Sam, the past Winchesters getting in the back. (p)Sam got out his phone "Roger Miller. Ah no no,just the address please. Ok, thanks." he hung up and looked to (f)Dean. "Go to-" "450 West Grove, Apartment 1120." (f)Dean finished for him.
John glared at Dean "Let me go and step away, this doesn't concern you boy." John told him in a cold tone. "Not gonna happen, I'm not gonna let you near my brother." Dean told him, taking a small side step and blocking Sam from Johns view. "I can't believe you are still as immature 15 years later as you are now." John spat at him.Dean growled and quickly raised is right fist and punched John square in the face. John stumbled back and out of Deans grip while the other 3 brothers stared in stunned silence.
Dean is in his motel room on the computer, researching Meg and the symbol. He picks up his cell phone and dials Sams number. Sam picks up. "Hey." "Let me guess. You're lurkin' outside that poor girl's apartment, aren't you?" "No." Dean waits for another response. Sam rolls his eyes. "Yes." "You've got a funny way of showin' your affection." "Did you find anything on her or what?" "Sorry, man, she checks out. There is a Meg Masters in the Andover phone book. I even pulled up her high school photo. Now, look, why don't you go knock on her door and, uh, invite her to a poetry reading, or whatever it is you do, huh?"
***************
The younger Winchesters sunk back into the seat and looked at the ground. The Impala was silent for a minute as the younger brothers contemplated what Meg said. Suddenly the car jolted as Dean slammed on the breaks. "DEAN WHAT THE FUCK!" Meg barked as she fell forward, bracing her hands on the back of the front seat. "Meg, you showed up when we finally found out you were a demon right?" Dean asked, turning in his seat to look at the demon. "Ya, I just woke up outside the motel you were staying at." she told him, confused on the question.
The future brothers took the distraction to be able to talk to each other. "Well, this is fun to sit through." Dean said sarcastically, turning around in the seat to face his brother. "Please son't do anything Dean, I saw you ready to start going off on young me." Sam said. Before they could continue talking young Dean got in the car and slams the door. "Sam, go with your young self." Dean told his brother. Sam got out of the car and ran to catch up with his young self.
Squirrel rubbed the symbol "It's paint. Seems pretty fresh too." he said. "I don't know Sam. You know I hate to agree with authority figures of any kind, but ... the cops may be right about this one." Squirrel said. "Trust me, we wouldn't let you guys go on a dunce case." Dean told him, Sammy nodding his agreement. A sudden noise has them on alert. The younger Winchesters take up positions either side of a door, their older counterparts standing off to the side a bit. Squirrel nods and they bust through. Bright lights shine in their eyes.
The boys are sitting in a cafe Squirrel is flipping through a newspaper, Sam on his laptop. Sammy and Dean are sitting next to them, not really paying attention. "Well dude. Not a decent lead in all of Nebraska. What've you got?" Squirrel said folding up the paper. "Well, I've been scanning Wyoming, Colorado, South Dakota. Here. A woman in Iowa fell 10,000 feet from an airplane and survived." Sam said. "Sounds more like 'That's Incredible' than, uh, 'Twilight Zone'." Squirrel shrugged. Dean grabbed a napkin and tapped on his counterpart. Squirrel looked over at him "Can I borrow your pen?" Dean asked.
***************
There was the sound of Cas' wings flapping and a rush of air. "Alright, Dean," Cas said softly. When Dean opened his eyes they were in a field, a cool breeze blowing through the air. Nothing but grass, trees, and mountains to be seen for miles. "Where'd you take us Cas?" Dean asked as he let go of his angel. "Somewhere in nature," Cas replied. "Oh, he thinks he's funny now." Dean chuckled glancing over at Cas. Cas smiled and sat down on the ground, Dean soon sitting beside him. Cas leaned over and laid his head on Dean's shoulder. Dean glanced to Cas "There something you need Angel?"
