"Jamir!"
They reappear someplace tropical.  Waves crashing, the sun beating down in a real way unlike the artificial one of the Garrison.  They’re on Earth.  “Where are we?” Dean asks.
Lucifer stares in awe.  “They’ve remained out of this war for centuries and you’re going to somehow rope them in.”
“Come, Dean,” Cas says, breathy into his ear.
She laughs.  “I may be old, but I get your references.  You’re funny and right about hunches not being magic, but they are gifts to you from God.”
"You know?" he says pulling me to him, gently this time, my back against his front, both of us watching the other in the mirror.  "I believe you.  I know you want to do it, and that you can't.  This will help Dean, the sooner the better before we both drive each other crazy."
Cas, considered a guest of honor, gets a, “Welcome General,” and a “Please proceed this way, General.” Both of which he responds with grunts and nods that aren’t visible to the naked eye. No one acknowledges Dean. Just his cock. Fucking angels.
This has got to be one of the most complicated stories I've ever written.  The Winchesters Series should have been with all the different stages and phases Dean grows through (I had to write him has Baby!Old Dean, then Baby!Dean, then little!Dean, young!Dean, teen!Dean, Old Dean/New Dean, Old Dean... etc...) but some how all of that was easier than this.
The General looks up.  “Why you what?”
It all seems to culminate to that point for me.  I’m going to have words with my brother after this.
Cas doesn’t take his eyes off him through the meal.  “Here.  I think you should eat more vegetables.  Greens are good for the baby.”  He pushes the dish of greens toward Dean.
“Jack.  You’re our guy man.  We’ve got to get out of here and only you can.”
I use breathing to cut through the pain and channel it.  Still fucking hurts, but if I time it right and stay calm, I can get through it without worrying Dean more than he already is – I can feel his anxiety behind me.  Nothing stops tears stinging my eyes though.
She nods.
He’s so fucking hopeful.  I want to tell him yes, but I don’t know. “Maybe.”
“What?”  Dean eats the rest of the awesome tasting plant, saving a bite of brisket for last.  The plants are tasty, but they don’t beat out the meat—nothing does.
Unlike humans, in which monogamy is prevalent, it’s “weird” to be monogamous in angel land. It’s as weird as humans consider poly-style relationships. Dean’s never cared one way or the other about either. He does what he does. “Isn’t that what you’re doing with this ‘attending you’ bullcrap?” Dean calls him out. Arching a brow.
“A little better, Master.  But you knew that.”  Dean taps his fingers on the map table.  He’d been running drills.  “You were gone a while,” Dean realizes as he says it.
I snatch his wrist.  "No healing, remember."
Jack nods.  “Tomorrow would be perfect.”
"Nonsense.  They gave far more to misbehaved men on ships."
He stares at me looking like a Mother who doesn't know what to do with her stubborn toddler.  "I believe, during one of the times you were incessantly nattering on, you told me you used to work on cars, yes?"
All I can do is preen in thanks, and rub my head into his hand for another 'pat'.  Cas obliges me running glorious fingers through my hair.  This is what bliss is.
– aaaand she’s gone.
I submit a long while the first time, taking the brutal fucking, the
"Whatever you're doing, if it works, you're in big trouble."
Oh Gods.  “Forgive me, Tann.  I should go,” he says looking around.  “Maybe we can use last week’s menu for now?”
I keep quiet, and concentrate on the spot in front of me, until directed otherwise, crossing my wrists over the other behind my back.  Cas continues to do a whole bunch of out of the ordinary shit, and it's scaring me more than him reading me some list of tortures he's about to inflict on me.  He reaches down, and I have to work not to flinch, as he places a hand on me, and proceeds to heal me in full
Dean gets to his feet looking Cas over again.  God damn he’s handsome.  Maybe they should fuck?  They could have a Master-Slave with benefits kind of situation going on.  Right?  No.
“We have a few days journey,” he announces when we get to a large slab of mountain that seems too smooth.  Cas puts his hand on it and feeds his grace into it.  A door, tall enough to fit someone much taller than the Mother slides open, revealing catacombs within the mountain’s wall.  “We’ve been given permission to head to the center of the Earth.”
“I went through three days of agony while our essence joined.”  That’s all he says but there’s something more.  Dean knows it.  But his voice is hard and maybe he shouldn’t push the guy.  He’s already pushing the guy.
Sammy."
“You see it as a loss of freedom, without realizing how much your sacrifice would contribute to the
"C'mon Dean, let's get you to that tent."
“Okay, baby boy.”
"You have, Dean.  You've given me humanity."
“Xathanael.  He helped Roark build this Megalith.  He named it, Keanu Reeves.”
After learning that Cas is going to double anything deliberate, he tries harder to ignore the signs of his body.  “Can’t you make the itching stop, Master?”
, but he’s not who I expect at all.  Dean makes him sound like he’s not a mercenary for God, but Cas is exactly that.  It’s in every move, every step, every gaze.
"You will find I'm not overly loquacious, but you're my mate now.  Every angel is different, but for me, I find it only pertinent to speak familiarly with my mate."
"Good.  See to it you remain well-behaved.  You're old enough, and angel
“No, but if you don’t tell me the truth, I will.”
and I’m grateful for being able to eat today.
Eventually, I will have to go to Lucifer about this.  Most of his staff are loyal to him.  If they find out they will tell him, and if Lucifer finds out before I tell him, what Lucifer just did to me will seem like a holiday.
“I understand.  But Daddy makes the rules, doesn’t he?”
"Cas?" I look to Cas, who's already trying to stand up.  I rush over to help him before he fucking falls over. "Dammit, Cas."  He puts an arm around my neck, as I bring myself up underneath him.
I sit under a tree and tend to my wrist, which still fucking hurts.  Even my hand is swollen, making it look how it does when you blow up a latex glove.  I work at my wound and I’m kinda pissed Cas doesn’t even deem me worthy of punishing me, which means … oh shit, it means he
Then, it’s a week of hell and that’s saying something.  I’ve never bonded with an angel before, so I have nothing to go by.  The best way I can describe it, is that it feels like the bond is trying to claw its way out of me, like it’s not supposed to be there.  I couldn’t agree more.
“Careful, Sam.  You’re starting to hurt my feelings. Everyone will benefit with me in charge.  That’s how it works.  Humans bond with angels to help the angels do their job.  Your refusal is this new aged-entitlement I’ve seen everywhere, infesting humanity like those plagues Father sends every hundred years.”
With the way Cas is reacting to Teleapài’s assessment, it’s looking less likely all the time.  Dean tries not to think about the turmoil at home, instead enjoying swaying Tann’s youngling side to side, drinking coffee and eating pie.
“Did I do something, Cas?”
Dagon leaves with a bow and an uneasy smile.  Dean gets the idea he’d like to do more.
"Dean?"
“Yes.”
“I think I just can’t do it, Dean” he says again.
He nods.  “Perhaps.  Jonathan also told me about you.  He knew he wouldn’t be here, not really, but he knew something of you.  They were some of the nightly stories he’d tell me when I put him to sleep.”
“I’ll deal with them.  I’ve already warned Gabriel about what I’m doing.  He’s not thrilled but he’s heard me out and he’s willing to vouch for me if this goes to the council.  You know Michael will vote for you as well,” he adds, quietly.  Michael is still a complicated topic.
Dean doesn’t.  He doesn’t hold back.   He gives himself to the kiss.  Lets Cas maul him.  He presses his lips hard to Cas’s smooth ones.  There’s a roughness Dean doesn’t expect.   Cas is sharp, exacting. He’s too precise to be as rough as he is.  Cas presses smaller kisses and longer ones like he’s trying to leave but has to come back for just one more.  An energy lives between them.  Something powerful.  Magnetic.
You can count on Cas to use the same tempo, and strength behind his swings, unless you do something to piss him off.  My begging is pissing him off.
“Then what good are you?  We can’t figure it out.  We don’t know how to fix this.  Your clues suck.”
comforts and rights, even while the things that keep them feeling safe, step on the toes of the freedoms and rights of others.
Finally, I’ve had enough.  Meditation is frustrating and anxiety-ridden when you’re reconditioning.  When I open my eyes, Jack’s still off in meditation land and I think it might be working for him.  He looks like he might be in that state of pure bliss, the one we all search for.  I don’t disturb him, instead watch and enjoy him until his eyes snap open.  “How was that, baby?”
“You are poorly behaved.”
“Master,” he shouts.  “Master!”  He doesn’t believe Cas will come.  Or that Cas will hear him.  Cas should be here.  He did this to Dean.  Even if there’s nothing Cas can do, he should just fucking
“So it is,” Cas says pressing a kiss to the back of Dean’s neck.
Cas, unimpressed, holds up Gabriel’s discarded cuffs.  “Looks like he didn’t need these, but this is
And that's how I got thrown back in the water the second time.
Dean lets go.  Eight days’ worth of cum spews out his dick as Cas continues to stroke it and Dean fucks his cock.  When he’s spent, Dean curls into Cas’s shoulder.  “Thank you, Master.  Thank you.”
“Then we will continue.”
"I have had a few, I am very old Dean, but I've not taken a mate in a long time—in at least a thousand years."
I have to be careful.  He's not bound to like
I've been off finishing, editing and posting Winchester Way, but I have been working on this chapter among other things.  Today, though, I must clean my house, which is my least favorite thing ever.  At least I get to do yoga later.
March 31st, 2019
"Yeah, in like, the seventeen hundreds or something.  I admit it, we're not made of that kind of grit in this era."
Sam smiles.  Lucifer’s actually loving his work at the hospital and the homeless shelter.  He even came up with the idea to volunteer at the local animal shelter on his own and he spotlights as a “locum vet” once a week.  “That’s awesome.  I have good news too.  I have a lead.”
But when Levi starts to move the glass penis, Dean is cursing those same Gods—and thank the Gods he’s wearing a gag.  Even with Levi’s gentle ministrations, after a week-long build up, combined with the added horniness from all his pregnancy hormones, the smooth glass against his prostate is divine.  Dean wails into the gag.  He doesn’t want to enjoy this, but he is.
who’s mind is totally fried.  “You’re just messin’ with my head, like you did him.  Like you’re doing with Cas and Gabriel right now.”
Whatever.  Dean wants him out.  He’s gonna explode like this, never mind the egg.  He’d like to get to that part.
It’s my turn to get… weird.  “I don’t get it.  He’s dying, and you’re going to abandon me too?”  I start crying.
The words sting.  I hate them, because they’re true.  I nod pathetically, just wanting to feel his touch, just wanting to feel good.  “Yes, yeah, Luci.”
"That's right, kill them."
Cas studies him with that piercing gaze of his.  “I have a good feeling about this time.  It will work.”
“Wait,” I say and pull him in for a kiss.  “Thank you, Master Ceri.”
"I'll make sure you can walk, sweetheart."  Sweetheart isn't quite the endearment it might seem.  In fact, it's almost a threat, with a shred of fondness.  Which makes no sense, but Cas never promised to make sense.
He’s led into the forest within the Garrison, and they hunt medium game animals.  Dean’s surprised when he doesn’t hate it.  His teeth want to bite.  They itch to bite.  When he sinks into the animal, it’s soothing.  Dreyous teaches him the best places to bite to bleed the animal and to kill it quickly.  He’s relieved when he can’t suck its blood.  There’s a taste for it—which is good considering he’s gonna end up with it in his mouth—but no sucking it out.
I have no idea what kind of magic can do what's happening here, but that's the route I explore.  Quite honestly, it's a bit of a hunch, but Dean always said, there's nothing like a Winchester hunch.
mate.  You need fine things and to comport yourself befitting your station.”
“Yes.  And then we’ll have a bath, and you’ll get ready for bed.  It’s been a long day.”
fucking die on me, you got that?"  I know, I know, so not the submissive thing I'm supposed to be.
And there's something else.
“Okay Lady, that’s enou—”
A small snack to a seven-course meal.
October 4th, 2021
“You’ll know it when you see it.  Go and then bring it to me.”
"Because he's dreamy," I say, making a fake joke, and winking.  "I'm alone, and it's dangerous out there, seemed like a smart decision at the time."
We walk miles, and don't speak, worried we'll say the wrong thing and draw their attention.  I don't like how worried Cas looks.  He says he's not afraid, and maybe he's not, but he's still concerned as hell, and I'd really like to know why.  Especially if these wanna be Tinkerbell's can't do more than make him a little sick, and that's a maybe.  Cas has gained more strength too.
And while I found his sentiments heart warming in the moment, who likes a guy upon first meeting him, especially nowadays?  He's either some kind of warlock, or stupid.  If he's a doctor, I suspect not stupid, so I'm going with warlock until he can prove otherwise.  Though I second-guess his IQ when he starts volunteering information to me.  No way I'm doing that.
Dean nods.  He can’t help that the words feel wrong, he always thought his father was standing up for some kind of unfairness, a misunderstanding of information about omegas that they would bring to light.  But with even his mother and brother concerned for his well-being like they were and now Cas so insistent, Dean’s questioning everything he ever knew.  Plus, he’s having his own experience with having an alpha and it’s so much different than he was told, or that’d he’d seen in his limited experience.
That’s how I know I am beginning to lose my mind.  The gut and the brain are intrinsically connected.  If one goes, the other is sure to follow; it’s only a matter of time.  But maybe,
"Yes."
I am loving the theories guys!  I always think I'm so creative, and then I read your stuff and I'm blown away with just how much
He was waiting for either sarsen stone, or granite, maybe even both, to build whatever structure he was building, the same material they used for these megaliths.  Whatever he was building he was in a hurry to build it: This is what they used for their infamous disappearing act.
Right.  Cas logic.  But that he’s bothering to explain himself says something.  Something’s changed.  And whatever has, it’s like Cas can’t handle his upset.  It’s nice.  Dean doubts it will last.  All the more reason to take advantage of it.  He nuzzles Cas some more.  Cas responds in kind, opening himself to Dean while still maintaining a tough exterior in case a monster should chance upon them and Cas’ll have to defend Dean’s honor or something.
My eyes bug out.  "A thousand years?"
Lucifer has this place decked out like the kind he thinks he is with marble everywhere, thrones, tapestries, you name it.  He’s got some poor slouch, groveling for something, but I don’t give a shit about anyone else right now, Jack is there too, on his knees trying not to cry,
“How can that be?”
If you need a way to invite an angel mercenary to spank the fuck out of you, that’s one sure fire way.  Cas doesn’t not tolerate any of that shit, which begs the question why do I still do it.  If I ever figure it out, I’ll write an essay about it.  “You’re in need of discipline,” he says.
He shakes his head.  “No.  We don’t have magic.  Not anymore.  The most magic we have are, our ‘hunches’ and gut feelings.  Jonathan and Roark knew they would have to trade their magical gifts for the chance to pass their essence through to this
The thing he's going for here must be important, so I keep walking, but it's heavy, like walking through a wall of water.  My muscles strain with effort, and I doubt my ability to fight under these circumstances is going to be formidable.
“You’ll have seen I’m okay.  I’ll know you’re okay.”
"No, you didn't.  What do you have there?"
I have to get this thing, whatever it is.  Just, “go do my fucking bidding, Dean.”
Later that day, Dean storms over to Cas while he’s on the training field.  His jaw’s clenched.  His fury hot.  “I’m going to be executed following your death?”
a bit like Daddy gave his crib away to the baby even though that’s not what he did.
I leave Cas as hidden as I can in the brush, and slip quiet as I can through the trees. There's still plenty of daylight left, but it's not the best for hunting animals.  I finally get a break though, and find myself two nice-sized birds, and also a little brook.  Water never tasted so good, even if it hurts my dry lips.  I drink and drink, and fill up my satchel.
"Come back," I say anyway.  "Father please, bring him back.  I'll do anything.  I'll never disobey him again, whatever he says goes.  When he says jump, I say how high. Please."  I cry like that for I don't know how long.
“I told Benny you were my boyfriend,” Dean admits.
“That’s horseshit.”
“We’re not leaving you, Dad,” I tell him.  It’s hard to tell him that.  I’ve got to be firm, I’m telling him to shove his orders, it’s not something I’m good at doing with him and not sure it’s something I can maintain.
Cas sighs.  “It’s not your fault, but I appreciate your care.  I wish I knew what to do about it.”
“It’s okay, Sammy.  We’ll figure it out.”  I say it, but even I don’t know how the fuck we’re going to do that.  Sam’s just confirmed what I was suspecting, that this has to do with bonding.  A bond between an angel and a human is unbreakable, except through death.
Cas gets up from the bed, his eyes in the slits Dean’s come to dread.   “Time for you to sleep.  I will take you to the Healer tomorrow and if you say one more word tonight about how I don’t have time for my love who is also the mother of my child, I will take my strap to you until you have a red ass to remind you.”
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out kid.”  This time, he’s not a little ghost. He’s whole, but he’s still got the same bracelets on as Gabriel and this time I can see they’re covered with sigils too.
“You said Dean did it for you.”
We're still a sight.  Cas tends to be on his own without any help, but the blood-stained shirt adds to his dangerous ambiance.  I'm gross and dirty, both of which tend to give a rugged appearance, and I'm sporting a nice face scar this time down my brow and cheek.  This doesn't happen often at the rate I heal, but it was kinda deep.  Thankfully I was able to concoct a few butterfly bandages with what I had in my dwindling first-aid kit.  Honestly the scar is kinda badass.  I doubt Cas will let me keep it though.  He's such a fucking dichotomy.  On the one had, he loves his marks on me.  On the other, he doesn't care for permanent imperfections, unless he approves of them, like the one he left on my ass cheek for a year and then eventually grew bored of.  It's like I'm a fucking canvas, and he continually likes to create new works.  Probably am to him.
angel of all angels.  God’s perfect angel creation – the one he’s most proud of.  Like all favourite children, I bet he’ll be allowed to do anything he wants.
Maybe, maybe, maybe.
He appears to be deciding whether that’s a good idea or not.  “Okay.  For a time, but then I’m going to take care of some business.”
"It's a book of prophecy, Luci," I say shaking, hoping that explains it all – I've read the title many times – it doesn't.
The kid looks back and forth between us, his brow pinching together, and then he strings together all his bravery and runs to me.  I catch him and hold him to me.  “Dean,” he whispers in my ear.  “I don’t know who that man is.”
I don't answer him, too spent to fight with him, but also too wound up to fall asleep.  Besides, being awake, I can bask in the comfort I'm getting from being near him, which is the kind of comfort I used to get after swimming for a long time, and then sinking into the backseat of the Impala with a strawberry milkshake Dean would scrape together enough money to buy me.
“No.  But I’ve learned to accept all of it and Sam?  There’s no place I’d rather be.  You believe me don’t you?”
Cas pulls his mouth off Dean’s neck.  Shrugs.  “It’s worked before.”
Cas lifts Dean’s shirt over his head maintaining eye contact.  He tosses it to the side.  Cas rubs a thumb over Dean’s smooth jaw.  “May I grow some stubble, Master?”
They realize real quick that our 'imprisonment' is conditional to Cas's restraint.  They're off and hightailing their fairy-asses out of there, while Cas proceeds to fuck the daylights out of me.
to see it, an urge I don't quite understand.  Lucifer had a large 'L' tattooed to the back of my neck, which sits under my collar.  It's got swirling patterns surrounding it, and an Enochian phrase that means I belong to him.  I rub as much of the tattoo that's available to me, and stare at the top of the 'L', which is about all I can see without a second mirror.
“Remember, what?”
“No.”  Sam pulls him tighter to his torso.  Lucifer relaxes against him and closes his eyes, obediently silent even with Sam still idly caressing his dick.
Sam can’t take his eyes away from him and he hates that.  It gets harder to keep his feelings for Lucifer at bay, especially when he’s drawn to him in a way that transcends comprehension.  When Lucifer isn’t with him, Lucifer’s the ever-present in his thoughts.  When Lucifer’s there, he’s equal parts comforted and annoyed with him.  Though the latter is more common—Sam’s forbidden Lucifer to be gone from him for too long.
“Yes.”
Dean smiles.  “True.”
“Yes—we’re considered in the same ‘building’ as the dungeon and in this case it is above us.  But it’s in the realm of Heaven which is why different rules apply.  For instance, here, you’ll still experience the sun rise and the sunset.  The moon.  Temperature changes.  Seasonal changes.  Stuff like that.  Heaven is one bright daytime.  Angels don’t think about it—we don’t sleep—but the humans who live there do.  They have to keep dark rooms.”
Dean tries not to grumble his answer.  “Yes, Daddy.”
“The only bones we’re going to deal with are yours, which I’m going to have fun snapping.  Truthfully, I’m happy you’re here.  I need your help with Sam.  You need to fix him for me.”
"I see.  You thought I was going to kill you.  Understandable.  I admit it did cross my mind a time or two," he says like he was considering whether or not he should switch long distance plans on his cell phone.  "You are disobedient.  You anger me when you don't abide my orders.  In past, I would have gotten rid of such a mate a long time ago."
I look at my brother, listless, beaten and broken.  I’m too late.  Sammy’s gone.
The aching in my muscles from holding this position so long helps with staying awake, but not with the holding of the position, which brings tears to my eyes.  It's a miserable night for me as I fight sleep, the aching of my joints, and the anxiety of Cas being gone.
So.  I am going to post this chapter and then there might be a longer break until the next.  This chapter ends on somewhat of a positive note.  I think we are through the worst of the worst.  I think.  I mean, there are still angst-y parts (this whole story is one big angst-fest) but the last two were the most brutal (I think).
Finally, I lay down on the couch after making sure nothing’s living in it.  Everything sucks, and I feel sorry for myself and there are a lot of things I wish for that are never going to come true.  I try to sleep, but even sleep sucks.
"What do you think you're doing?"  His voice is a calm fire about to set everything ablaze.
“Get out dude!”
whatever that item is.  I couldn’t turn back if I wanted to, I’m too compelled.
“The amount of fire you can channel depends on your abilities and training.  If you work hard—and you will, I’ll make sure of it—you’ll be able to wield the fire of the Earth, and the Heavens, in large amounts for long periods of time.  You’ll be powerful.”
All I can do in protest is squint my eyes at him.  I adjust my pack and follow him.  Instead of heading up the mountainside like I expect, we head
“Isn’t that what we’re doing?  Trading your body as payment for the things you want?”
I keep reminding myself that things could be a lot more miserable, since I know what Lucifer's up to, but it doesn't change that I had got used to things as they were, and if I can't have all my freedom, I at least want my hands back.
Daddy helps him out of his highchair.  “What are the rules?”
Oh and have not forgotten about the kilts.  There's kinda this kilt evolution that happens over a few chapters.
"We didn't fight at all when I got back last night."
Dean knows he can be fucking charming when he wants to be.  “Please, Daddy.
“I don’t hear any peeing,” Daddy says as if he knows all the dirty thoughts going through his little boy’s head.  “If I don’t hear any peeing soon, I’m going to think you need some help.”
"We're going for a little drive—unless you don't want to come?"
I look at the plans.  They’re for a building.  He’s been working on this a long time.
“Yes.  Well technically Ohên in this universe, but Ohên is in the region known as Fiji in the universe you’re from.
, they proved it by giving humans some measure of safety and comfort.
Dean’s glad to know.  He likes knowing.
“What about you?  How about I take care of you, huh?”
“A lot older than you.  What you doin’ here?”
Dean touches the collar again.  The power of Cas’s grace thrums through it, zinging through Dean’s hand.  What kind of a ‘gift’ is this?  It fucking chafes.  It has the power to bring him to his knees and send more pain through his body than he knew could exist.  It suffocates him when he wants it off.  It makes him a prisoner preventing any hope of access to freedom since the only one who can remove it is Cas—and he’s never going to do that.  We’ve been through this.
“Sorry, Alpha,” Tann said.  But then when Clark left the room, Tann arched a brow at Dean.  “See?”
I have to fight not rolling my eyes at him, or he’s likely to throw me into a tree.  “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.  I get all of this in a new way.  I swear I’ll never hide anything from you again, so long as I’m in this with you, that is, until you decide to end my life, no matter what it is.”
“I’m fine.”
Sammy sniffles into his blanket, but then nods.   “Dean.  Your daddy’s going to tell Papa,” he says around his soother.
.  An Omega thing that’s felt and manifests through change in language.
“You’re lucky I am forbidden from harming the children of the
“Your emotions are swirling like a sludge-y vat of oil.  They don’t know which way to go.  You don’t like asking me for things.”
"You're silly," he says.  "How do you use prayer for amusement?"
“—fucking this way, Cas.”
"And the collar," he says daring me to say something about it.
Hearing another voice, opposite to the one I hear from Lucifer every day is like a life raft for my own identity, keeping it afloat until I can gain the strength to swim away.
“Get up.  Attend me, slave.”  Cas is smirking.  Dean is less sorry.
He does show us all though, and he does make it up the stairs.  Waiting for us there is, oh god, it's basically a fairy version of a wheelbarrow.  "This is the best you could do?" Cas hisses.  He's suddenly sounding a lot stronger than he had been, his anger fuelling him.
"You're not staying?"  If he's not getting in, least he could do is sit with me.
No one knows about architecture magic anymore.
Right.  His favourite.  "Of course."
I decide in
, but I've already gathered what's really going on, angels want dominion over humankind thinking they know best. Sadly, most humans in their state of fear, and anxiety have clung onto the hope the angels promise.
He’s envisioning how he’ll eviscerate him someday.  He hasn’t given himself away to the angels but Dean knows him too well.  Fuck.
"What?"
When Gabriel’s pissed, his curls stiffen.  When he’s happy they bounce.  During sex, they become erratic, wild things.  Serving Gabriel is fulfilling in a way Dean doesn’t expect.  As much as he’s doing things
As this continues, Lucifer starts fucking into me.   “Sam, I’m gonna need you to be strong, sweetheart.”
“Not keep.  He’s kinda my son.”
“Eventually you might.  Your body will get used to me.”
“I’m sorry, Luci.  I didn’t notice.” I was too busy being terrorized.
Teleapài uses her long fingers to tilt his chin upward.  “No child.  Not your fault.  Just a difference in values.  Winchesters conceive in love, Castiel,” she explains.  “Make love to him, face him, make him feel good.  Make yourself feel good.”
"Yes, sir."  I don't pay too much attention to him though excited to look through the book, and see what the prince has for me.  Fuck.  The whole thing's in Enochian.  I've made attempts at learning the language, but I can't say I know it well.  There's more to it than just learning some sounds to some weird-symbol-letters, and we've been too busy with other shit for me to really get to know it.  Sure I can read some things, but a whole book?
I do.  There’s no,
When Dean’s got me on the dragon, he stares at me, like he’s trying to memorize every detail.  “I’ll see you on the other side, brother.”
“Come Omega.  I want my guests to see how far along you are and how beautifully your cock hardens for me.”
“I’m a medical medium.”
For the millionth time, Dean’s glad his cock doesn’t work.  What’s going to happen when it does?
“What would you like to know about the ‘sex thing’?” Cas says, as he continues to lazily stroke his cock.
I get at least the same as him.  “Fuck that Dean.  We did that together.  I had onion rings.”
“What does my uh, companion package include?  Does Sammy get to stay too?”
I almost,
“Is there a book on that?”
“Castiel, will you bring your mate over here?  I have need of him,” Michael bellows at us.
Father would want?"  Cas seems to know him pretty well.
I take his hands, and he prays.  "Dear Father, thank you for blessing us with this meal.  We hope you'll forgive our bleated thanks.  Hunger, and sadness have a way of overcoming us humans, a flaw I hope you'll help us with.  We receive this meal with love, and grace.  Amen."
“We have to mate, Samuel.  The bond won’t allow otherwise.”
I’m quick to allow myself back into my dangerous little game.  Yeah, he beat the shit out of me, but what else is new?  Does that mean I can’t relish in the softer moments, if these are the only ones I get?  I do have to know something.  “I’m not sure I deserve a nice bath after my behaviour, Luci,” I say to him low enough others can’t hear.
First, I have to find out where I am.  Like I would research for a hunt, I look to books.  I scour everything in my room before I move onto the other libraries.  I've gotten the impression this place was built before the apocalypse.  Everything Lucifer's done implies he's been planning this a long time.
"What about Sammy?  Can he live here?"
Daddy always picks the most embarrassing outfits he can find, Dean’s sure.  He does it because yes he’s trying to torture Dean some, but also because Daddy says he’s ‘so darn cute’.
We move far enough away, we’re out of Gabriel’s angel-hearing-radar.  “I’m going to tell you some things, don’t make me regret this.”
“You make a good argument, my pretty omega.  But I am also responsible to you, I’m not even going to allow you to allow me to neglect that duty.  You’re going to have to accept that I’ll be taking time away to look after you and our youngling.”
“You’d rather Paris than me?” Dean detects the smallest, sliver of hurt.
Dean squints at him.  “You?  How?”
His situation hasn’t changed but Dean’s relieved all the same.  Cas is allowing the slip.  The real fucked up part is he still wants Cas so badly.  He wants to be soothed and cuddled after this.  He wants Cas—no one else—to take him in his arms and lay on the bed with him.  He wants to feel Cas’s hand in his hair as he drifts off.  But instead he’ll be in prison.
Okay.  Gadreel was right.  Dean already wishes his cock was permanently disabled.
Hika ended up taking a shine to Jack.  He mentioned he comes to visit.  “That’s excellent.”  I’m actually about to become, well, a grandmother I guess.  Last I saw Hika, he told Cas and I about his eggs.  Five of them.  I kiss Jack on the head.  “All right, I’m gonna go with your daddy here.  I’ll see you at dinner.”
Dean does, wishing he could cover his cock which is sore. Dean may be embarrassed about his attire but his cock loves this exhibitionist-type shit and it aches. “Your Highness,” Cas says.
Sam can’t even get the words out.  I look to Jack.  “Father made him drown himself in the water sometimes.”
Dean ends up needing a little encouragement by way of Daddy sending him off with a light, love-tap to his behind.  Dean walks over to Uncle Gabe – he’s bigger right now, so he’s allowed to walk – and ends up leaping into Uncle Gabe’s arms on instinct when Uncle Gabe opens them.  “Hi Uncle Gabe,” Dean says.
Dean’s breathing goes all weird and rickety.  There’s a million pounds on his chest.  “Can you please forget I said that?
“In case you hadn’t noticed – ugh, fuck you for making me admit this – I fucking like the snuggle-shit.  I’m a snuggle bug, or whatever thing Cas calls me.”
Lucifer proved that little point to me too sometime ago.  Passing me off to whoever, so I could see what it felt like to have others, and
The tension leaves Dean’s body.  “Yes.  Of course.  I want to stay healthy.  I’ll visit more.”
Well that's just great.  Cas is going to like that even less.  The only bond he likes is the one between me and him.  "How do I, unbond him?"
"I've never sustained this much damage before.  It usually a spot here, or there I've been able to attend to on my own.  You've done an outstanding job, they feel good as new."
“No.”
“Lucifer,” Sam says, like he’s talking to a child.  “What did I tell you?”
, but I hear myself say the words.  “It’s important to us that everything’s fair,” I add.
Daddy helps him peel it off and stick it on the reusable white board next to the wizard sticker he chose earlier that morning he earned from last night and then tousles his hair, proud of him.  Dean is fucking ecstatic.  Next, Daddy gets them both situated at the table, where things go a bit downhill.  Dean’s left to use his hands to eat the breakfast Daddy made for him, while Sammy gets Daddy’s attention, since Daddy has to feed him, Sammy unable to do such things with the mitts on.  “Daddy, you can feed me too?” Dean says.
Feel Cas.
Teleapài is the head healer at the healing center.  Cas wouldn’t settle for anything less than Teleapài.  At over two hundred years old, she is the most experienced healer at the center.  She’s also the most likely to give Cas attitude, which Dean can’t help being entertained by.  Healers are sacred in Mythcairn culture.  It’s considered one of the highest callings among Cas’s people second only to Emperor.  Even back home in Winchester, Healers were supremely recognized.
Lucifer’s been relentless about it.  Since the first night.  Of course, the first night it was a ploy to meld with him or bond as angels call it so he could control Sam but that didn’t go as planned.  “Yes, Master.”
When Dean hits bright light, a kind that’s different from what he’d been living in for months, he knows he’s out of the dungeons.  He takes a clean breath.  He realizes how much that place has been weighing on him, how oppressive, now that he’s out.  He’s not fucking going back.
Dean showed in the dead of the night.  When he was supposed to be sleeping but he couldn’t.  Dreyous would answer the door, wiping the sleep from his eyes and study Dean in his pale blue pajamas, boots—because Dean only had boots—thrown on hastily, untied, the pants shoved inside.  “Boots off and go’on into the living room.  I’ll start the tea,” he’d say in his gruff voice with the deep Ohênian accent.
“It wasn’t just what they made with it, they used it to help preserve Jonathan and Michael’s bond, that was the price, one angel; one of the ‘ingredients’ a profound bond.  Roark then engineered a spell using this ill-fated profound bond between Jonathan and Michael.  It was the power of that bond that was supposed to enable the humans to use magic at all, which is why people often thought Roark had one with his.”
I know he’s right.
Cas stands.  “You’d really choose this life again?  With me?”
Cas stays for three days.  It's just enough time to settle the bond.  I know what's fucking up, when Cas wants to speak with Dr. O'Malley, alone.  "Go to your room, Dean."
"If I told you, it wouldn't be as thrilling, it wouldn't feel as dangerous."  In other words, he's not telling me.  "You'll feel, so good at the same time though, you won't care about the pain."
“Go then.  We will put together some food and other basic necessities for Dean to take with him when you resurface.  Please stop in on your way out.”
"Yeah."  I'm gruff and kind of an asshole, not in a good mood.
“Never mind.  So, the Earth is hollow?”
a profound bond, other than the thing causing us all the problems in the first place?”
He rolls his eyes.  “Maybe Father will allow me to trade you for him when this is all over.”
It’s equally as natural for Cas to put a hand on his head and run it through the loose, blood-matted strands.  “I am not invincible.”
And that makes me think.  Maybe the kid just needs some confidence.  Like Sammy, he’s probably had it beaten away, not to mention all the gaslighting from angels, making it so he’s not even sure he has powers.  I get an idea.  A completely ridiculous idea, but there’s no one around to come up with anything better, so fuck it.  I reach into my bag and pull out the feather Cas gave me.  “Hey kid, I got something that might help.”
“Sarsen stone.  The black ones are granite.”
"Busy?"
Dean has to turn his head to make sure it’s really Cas still behind him.
"Just keep walking, Dean."
He thinks a moment.  "What parts do you know?"
with that, only in.  The Garrison is a living entity.  We can’t bar our mates from our quarters in that way.  But you should be on your knees.”
"Huh, well I'm the one and only Dean.  My family wasn't fancy enough to have fourths let alone fifths.  I am named after my grandmother, who apparently was a badass."  I never met her.  Dad told us a few stories.
Dr. O'Malley prefers that I'm getting fresh air, even if I'm moping.  "If you're going to cry, do it outside where the fresh air will do you some good," he's said.  He's not being unkind, it's just hard to know exactly what to do with me.  He's tried, but he's learned sometimes it's best to let me feel my way through it.
to do.  Both because of the bond and his angel nature.  It’s true though, it’s rare I give him real reason to mark, or discipline me.
Lucifer’s just fine with breaking me down to nothing, but apparently, he has a limit and me dissociating is that limit.  He’s scared for a change.
"Angel killing
He nods, but he looks nervous.  He sits, legs crossed, with his hands on his knees, thumb and middle finger touching, a position I’ve seen Sammy in a time, or two, and it brings back memories.  I make sure my pack is on secure and I touch his head and wait.  I wait and wait and wait, but nothing happens.
“Somehow I don’t think therapy would do much for you.  You’d just overtake the therapist.  Though I do think a little CBT wouldn’t go amiss.”
"You know, Cas?  This is the most words you've ever said to me."  I feel a bit drunk.  I don't think I'm speaking right.  Can angel-sex-magic make you drunk?
Dreyous studies him.  “All right.  My other children used to call me ‘Pa’.  They’re your brothers and sisters now.  It fits.  Try it but if something else comes to mind, go with it.”
“Doesn’t it make more sense to just find new shirts, Dean?” I say, but I can’t help the comfort I feel watching him and yeah, I know that’s really why he does it.  Still, he doesn’t sleep, and I want him to use spare moments for sleep.
Dean laughs.  “Thank you, Master.”
"Fine.
I don't know if it understands me, recognizes my tone of voice is non-threatening, or just wants to know what I am before it eats me, but it peers curiously at me.  I let it sniff me up and down.  When it's done, it starts gurgling again and making a pleased sort of trilling sound.  It hops around excited.  I think… I think it likes me.  "That's right, we're cool.  So very cool, yeah?"
“Baby’s fine, Cas.”
He tightens his grip on Cas thinking about all the times he and Sammy made decisions with the lives of individuals in the name of “the greater good” and for the first time he thinks that maybe they shouldn’t have.  At the same time, what’s the right choice?  What about when there isn’t time to explain why some master plan is good?
The big dinner is the day before their visit to the healer.  Dean always gets a bit nervous before these things, where various dignitaries visit.  Hosting dinners is not something he’s good at, but he tries, he wants to make his alpha proud, he wants to make sure all who come are impressed with his alpha.
“We will be sure to do that.”
“Go to sleep my adorable little nuisance.”
There’s a buzzing in Dean’s chest, as he shows Cas how he likes his omega cock stroked in the simple up, down fashion, not squeezing too hard, just firm enough to satisfy his arousal.  Dean moans, remembering he’s spread, his cock and balls exposed, with his large belly for all to see.
Jack hugs me trying to soothe me, and Michael stands over me watching, and letting me cry out my sorrow.
Dean … Dean believes him.  Maybe that’ll be his last mistake, but he considers himself a good read on stuff like this.  “If he’s not here, where is Sammy, Master?”
It seems to go on a long time, with Cas lecturing me during.  "I expect to be obeyed
"All right, time for us to get going, you may get up now."
.  A twenty-four-seven relationship that would be structured in such a way that Dean could still be Dean, but that was always guided by Cas in some way.
“Awww, sweetheart.  You’re shy.  That’s adorable.”  Gabriel runs a hand through the long hair on the top of Dean’s crown. Heat breathes across Dean’s neck.  He might glare at Cas for something like that but for Gabriel there’s just more shyness.  “You know what?  I’ve changed my mind.”
I eat and look for Jo, but don’t see her.  I’d like to catch up with her again before we leave, which is whenever Lucifer says it is.  I get a good meal in and feel the pleasant sensation of full.  I head up to the room and nod off.
Jack shakes his head.
“You love me enough.  And it is enough.  It’s not like how I love you.  But I do tell you what you want to hear at times because I don’t want to scare you away and I do choose the path of least resistance unlike I do with anyone else.  I can’t give you freedom, but I can give you peace.”
“I want to try.  I want to help you,” he says.  “I can do better than before.”
Dean feels good drinking his juice, because Daddy told him to.  He squeezes Professor Norris, who seems to be looking at him a bit concerned.  By the time Daddy sits down with him, he’s done his bottle.  “All done,” he says.
She nods.  “There are multiple timelines.  Change one event and change the timeline in multiple ways; you know, the old butterfly effect analogy.  But it’s more than that.  Through vibrational dictation of thought, belief, or action, you can change a timeline, like switching a train from one set of tracks to another.  You can enter a twinsoul.”
When Dean gets hold of this Master guy …  “For what?”
“Or else, I’ll show up on your doorstep to give you a big boy spanking you won’t forget.”  Cas’s eyes are serious.
Dean follows him inside.  “What happened to the sex training?  Thought I wasn’t allowed down here till I was “humbled” or whatever?”
“Where do you think, my curious fire child?”
“So, Dean, what did you do exactly?  I’ve known Cas a long time, never seen him mad like this.”
"Thank you," I say, not because he's suddenly proved it and I believe him, but to prevent him from getting angry.
______________________
“Shhhh.”  Cas pulls Dean into him.  “No one will judge you poorly.  With me right here, they’ll know I had to have ordered it.  Here, I’ll help you.”
stay the fuck there, and take it.  I can do this for Sammy.
“Dean, do you remember when we were kids, and we used to watch the frogs down by the river when Dad was out?”
Dean glares at his blocks, he doesn’t dare glare at Daddy since he knows where that attitude gets him.  Sammy points to the blocks.  He’s a bit more talkative and – Dean assumes – that Sammy’s feeling better today.  Things can come up when you’re in your little headspace, things you didn’t remember were there, which is often the case for Sam and some of the reason he can get quiet.  “I can try, Dean?” Sammy asks.
You try to sleep in one time, just one and never live it down.  “That was weeks ago.”  He gets a dark look.  He’s kinda pushing his luck today.  “Yes, Fire Dad.”
"I will kill anyone who touches him," Cas informs them, and because Cas is scary, and these fairies value their lives, they keep their distance.
We do, but the thought scares me.  I don't want to be without Lucifer, as bad as I am now, it could be worse.  "Soon.  I can make it.  What have you been up to?  Have you seen your friend?"
The next night, Gadreel prepares him special, soaking him in a bath and everything—much nicer than the once-a-week showers he’s been getting.  Clean-up by grace just isn’t the same.  He smells like a floral bouquet when Gadreel’s done with him.
We sit for as long as Lucifer wants us to, while he conducts business.  After a while, I can tell Jack is hungry.  I might be, I don't know.  I don't have much of an appetite anymore.  I make myself eat at regular intervals, so I have strength for Jack, and so that Lucifer doesn't have to force me—that's an experience I don't want to repeat.
Dr. O'Malley clears his throat.  "I've got something outback to take care of, I'll let you two sort this on your own," he says.
As I sit behind the wheel, waiting for him, I contemplate leaving.  I could probably leave, and I'll be he wouldn't come after me.  But then I have the thought that I convinced him to mate with me, and that had been hard, but worth it, maybe I can convince him on this point too? I wait for him.
“Am I allowed to ask your name?”
things about Cas even if he hates Cas.  Like genuinely hates, Cas.  But he fucking adores him too.
Cas smiles brighter than Dean’s ever seen him.  “I began to think maybe it wasn’t possible, I did pillage you.”
I laugh.  "It is.  You win at nicknames, Cas."
Dean smiles.  “Nothing to forgive.  We good.”  Dean lays with Michael, content in having him as a real ally.  Maybe Cas could change his mind in a few thousand years.  Maybe Cas’ll be sick of him by then and he can belong to Michael.
Dean nods, still hating himself for not booking an appointment sooner.
“You know I don’t choose ‘proper’, I choose
Dean really wants to be a good boy.
When Daddy’s
She's already done a lot, risked a lot, I have no right asking her anymore, but I can't help myself.  "Can you tell me anything else about him?  Wh-what did he look like?"
Gerald comes to life.  “I’m only here to instruct,” he says.  “I don’t belong with this set.  Once you know how to set them up, you’ll place me back where I belong.”
“Yes.  It means, be excellent to each other.”
Fuck me.
“It worked,” he says, sounding more angel. His eyes frown though.  “How come I don’t feel it yet?”
He sighs, exasperated.  "Very well, ask your questions, and then we need to find a place for you to sleep."
, they would disrupt the peace of this place and that’s enough.  I don’t know much about this place, but it’s got a peaceful vibe (creepy caves aside), I don’t want to chance being the one to bring unrest to it.  If we want peace on our Earth, we gotta heal ourselves from the inside, first.  Changing locale won’t solve our problems, just transpose them.  “I still don’t agree with the angels coming into our Earth, no matter how fucked up we are, but I see your larger point Cas and I agree.”  I reach up to fiddle with the head of the amulet, the one it looks like I’m wearing for a long time now.
"What the fuck?" I say.  Cas needs to start zapping these tiny mother fuckers.
Can someone please tell me why it's October already?
I nod.  “What did we get permission for?”  All the while I’m following his hurried strides toward the base of the mountain where we had been, this time he starts up the path.
“Not tonight.  It’s been a long day for little boys.  Bath and bedtime.”
But now, Cas isn’t making any sense at all.
“What?  Am I being punked?”
“I don’t get why you’re so pissed,” Dean says.  “It worked didn’t it?”  They’re in Cas’s tent.  Dean’s exhausted but he works up enough energy to argue with Cas.
We return, and Lucifer isn't happy, as to why, I can only guess.  Change in the wind?  Lost his favourite shoes?  "Sam, I need you in the bedroom.  I don't care if the boy is there, but you will.  Prepare yourself for me, wait there until I'm finished." Lucifer must want me all to himself, if he's bothering to wait at all.  He's not opposed to taking me whenever, and wherever he pleases.
"Sam?  You look… good."
That night, Gadreel buckles him into the harness.  It secures in two lines down his torso and one strap across his chest.  A leash is attached to his collar.  Dean gets down on his hands and knees.  That’s a rule.  No standing when you serve.  Crawling only.  Fucking angels and their kinky shit but Dean can see the appeal.  Dean’s experienced more sexual shit in five years than there used to be porn on Tumblr.  This is nothing.
Cas walks into the yard.  Even in his khaki trench coat he still looks like the bringer of death.  He crooks his fingers and Dean goes to him, getting on his knees to bow.  It’s instinct.  Dean no longer cares who’s around.  “Come up here, Winchester.”
Instead, anxiety creeps in.  Maybe this wasn’t it.  Maybe Michael’s not here.  The weight of the ocean feels heavy again and all I can think about is trying to take a breath, but also
I fall asleep, and wake up with a start panicked, because Cas didn't say I could. Also, I haven't even said my prayers.  Cas is very strict about that.  "Cas I'm sorry, I—"
Michael looks me over.  I’ve come a long way, a very long way, but I still have moments that scare him enough he prefers to keep a close eye on me, hence why he likes to know where I am.  Yes, he can find me through the bond, but he prefers to know where I’m going before I go there.  I tend to want to do things
“Can’t Gabriel go?”
Out hops a demon-vampire looking thing from the tallest pine.  It’s kinda handsome as far as creatures go—unless that’s just Dean’s oversensitive balls speaking—but it’s ripped with a large, muscled body.  Beefy like a body-builder.  Massive shoulders.  Actually, everything about him is human-like until you get to his face with the tall, pointed ears and curled horns like a ram.  No, like a devil.  A real devil—not the “normal” human-passing ones Dean’s had the displeasure of dealing with.  Well that and his blue-grey skin which is nicer than that sounds.  And a long tale with stereotypical fork at the end.  His teeth are long too and more like Dean’s than Dean wants to admit.
"All you did was eat cheeseburgers and goof off.  You didn't even try to escape."  Feeling a bit more confident, he lets go my wrists.  I put a hand to his hair.
I do like seeing him in fresh robes.  Light, no weight robes, so he doesn’t feel like he’s fucking drowning, and nice pair of sandals.  It makes him look a world better.  With his hoo doo, mediation crap, he was able to help his brain enough to help his stomach.  “They’re connected Dean.  It wasn’t magic.”
When we are dressed, the guards return and we are escorted to a courtyard sort of area, except it's underground.  This time, weird little fairy guns are pointed at Cas, and I can only assume they are filled with the angel-killing fairy perfume.  They don't take the same precautions with me.
They’re interrupted by a guest come to thank them for such a show as Dean presses himself to Cas, wishing he could somehow disappear into him.
I decided a tan would be the perfect complement to my new physique, so I began taking Jack out to the gardens with me, where I’d remove my shirt and tend to our section of the garden.  “Daddy, may I pull out the carrots?  I’ll be real careful.”
"Ah, gotcha.  Me too, for the record.  How can we get your father to drop this?"
Dean does, feeling oh so foolish, which turns him on all the more.
Now Cas is trying to solve the puzzle that is Dean Winchester.  “I don’t think angels ‘love’ the same way humans do, but I miss you whenever I am away.”
"How do you know they're not talking about you?"  Cas is handsome.  Not just handsome either, he's fucking beautiful with the firm sense of how dangerous he is wrapped tight around him, and seeping out at you, all at the same time.  Humans claim not to desire that, but they do desire it like they need air to breathe.  Otherwise, all angels would have to force their mates to bond with them, and they seldom have to.
"You said you haven't had a mate in a thousand years."  Yeah, I'm jealous.
"Sure, man," I tell him.
“Maybe they can help us,” Gabriel says.
“That’s good.  Really good Jack.  Sammy’s going to try to sleep.  Stay here now, okay?”
I blush just thinking about it.
When I begin to drift off, I reach that point of half awake, half asleep, where you hear shit that's only in your mind, and you can't tell you've entered a dream state, but you have.  I see Sam's face, and me promising him everything would be okay; him believing every word.  Fuck his eyes, believing in me, in us.  Lucifer's minions take him, and I reach out to grab him, calling out in my gruff voice.  "
Dean crawls over to his toys.  Daddy bought him a whole living room full of them.  There are more stuffies, blocks, cars, balls and even a puzzle with large pieces for little boys.  Dean decides to try one of those, so he’s not tempted to go visit Daddy.  He does look up, and yep, the man has his eyes on him anyway.  Even if he did try to sneak over, Daddy would catch him before he got halfway.  Instead he complains.  “Daddy, is you done yet?”
right hand is goddamned broken.  If I want to use the angel blade, if I can even manage to grab it, I'm going to have to do it left-handed.
But while I know shit about the mating, I can read between the lines.  Cas must stand to benefit a lot from mating, and he must see a lot of potential in it if he's suddenly willing to do so.
angel-human markings.  It would be weird if there were none.
, I'm only human."
Watching it was horrifying, hearing him apologize for it is worse.  “Sammy, I’m gonna have to unpack that at some point, I’m not going to lie and say I didn’t want to rip his head off, but I hope one day you’ll believe me when I say; not your fault—”
it happens, behind those events is a person or a being like yourself making choices to a particular end.  For it to be a prophecy, someone has to have the desire within them for it to make it a possible manifestation.  You had to have chosen me for the prophecy to come into existence.”  I don’t know how I know all of that.  The books I’ve been reading?  It
"I thought I told you not to speak to me, human?"
Dean jumps out of his skin when Paris slides a hand, wet with Dean’s slick down his cock.  “Oh fuck.  Oh God.”  Paris knows his body well.  Every curve, every crevice.  Every grunt, every “oh fuck.”  He tugs Dean’s balls, just enough.  The familiar, weighted sensation of them filling brings with it a euphoria of its own.  Dean luxuriates in that, knowing he can’t come; looking forward to Paris coming in his ass.  It’s dirty, we-haven’t-fucked-in-a-while, sex and Dean’s all about it after whatever the fuck happened with Cas.
“What
Cas raises his brow, the fairy lady gets a bit frantic.  “Dean, I beg you.  Roark had a message for you.  You need to consult with the Keanu Reeves machine to hear it.”
Ugh.  But I know nothing of magic, or how I’d even begin to do a spell.  “Hey Sammy, any info in those books on spells?”  It’s worth a shot.
Gabriel relaxes.  That’s a fucking mistake.
“Uh, yes, ma’am.”
It's the best deal I'm going to get.
"I'm going to be busy today."  He whines a little, but doesn't protest.  "I should be back by tonight, stay out of sight, okay?  You're good at that."  I feel fairly confident Lucifer won't want to look at Jack.  He does have an odd sort of regret about the things he does to his son, but he won't admit to that by healing his face.  If he did that, others would question his resolve.  Allowing me to comfort Jack is the most he'll get.  "Don't you have a project you're working on?"
"It's good to see you, little brother."  Then they hug.  That's right,
Cas speeds up to an unbearable pace.  The finger moves faster.  Dean forgets where he is.  Forgets there are others in the room.  He’s crying wildly.  When Cas pulls out, Dean’s abruptly reminded a room full of some high-level warriors has been listening to him make the filthiest noises ever while he enjoyed Cas.  He might never be able to look at them again.
I have a bit of trouble finding the library, but I feel confident enough to ask for direction.  Sam Winchester does things like that.  He’s comfortable and carefree.  I was going to lose myself in a story of some kind, but instead, I’m drawn to a book titled: Megaliths.
“Undress.  Fold your clothes and place them on that chair.  Then c’mere.”
"Wait, what the fuck?!"
I keep running, my pack sloshing around behind me, running so fast I want to puke, and calling for him, hoping he'll take pity on me and wait up.  "Cas.  Cas!  Wait up, man,
I feel it with my thumb, remembering Hika and then tuck the whole thing back in my shirt.  When I look up, Cas and Gabriel are gone. “Cas?  Gabriel?”  What the fuck?  “Cas!  Gabriel!”
“Gotcha.”
Part of me wants to throw the book in the water, I feel like this is some kind of elaborate prank, and maybe it is, but if some book – one that looks really old – is mentioning Dean, I
Uncle Gabe looks over to Daddy, while Dean moves closer to Daddy’s leg, needing some comfort of his own, with all the emotional chaos he can feel in the room.  Daddy reaches a hand down, tugging on him gently, signaling for Dean to come up on the couch with him.  “They got up to a small bit of mischief when Dean unlatched the pen during Sammy’s quiet time and Sammy crawled out.  I caught them and had Sammy settled back in before anymore naughtiness was wrought.”
"That's because most books don't know, or refuse to acknowledge the legend of the Profound Bond."
“Is it?  All the tattoos are about my supposed undying love for you.”
Cas is storming around, thinking about what to do.  I don’t dare make any suggestions, but of course things like Gabe carting us around pop into my head.  Cas isn’t going to want to tell him he can’t fly though; that’s fucking out.
Oh god. Moving is gonna suck. Careful not to let his pants touch his dick so as not to disturb it, Dean pulls them down and off. He folds them and places them on the lone chair in his cell.
“Let’s pick up the pace he says to his guard.”
Cas is unimpressed, but right now, I don’t fucking care.  Yeah, I’m a disobedient, belligerent, cur, but I just talked to a witch woman, or whatever and I’m pretty sure she was messing with my mind in some way.  “What happened?” he asks.
“It was a long time ago.  However, you do have a great-grandmother.”  His eyes flick to the angels who are doing good impressions of statues.
“Daddy said a bad word,” Dean says knowing what
“What?  That makes no fucking sense.  Why wouldn’t he get into Baby?” he says more to himself but with the way Cas is glaring he thinks Dean’s forgotten the appellation.  “Thinking out loud, Master.”
Dean wants to argue that he didn’t go “Hulk”.  He was in full control.  His rampage was deliberate, but he knows that won’t help his case and even he’s having his doubts.  “I feel like you could just let me whack off.  Problem solved.”
Then her left arm moves in waves, followed by her right arm doing the same, this carries on for several minutes before she is still again, eyes closed, a serene smile spreads on her face.  “What does that mean?” Dean whispers to Cas.  He can’t help it.  The whole thing is unlike anything he’s seen before.
"Hey now, hey, hey, I'm all right.  You know I can take a little beating.  Are you okay?"
Sam doesn’t sleep for nine nights trying to formulate the perfect strategy.  He sucks Dagon’s blood supply nearly dry—he would have gone to other demons for blood, but Dagon gets fussy when he does.  Lucifer chases after him with kale smoothies and overnight oats to keep what’s left of the human part of him fed.  Though sometimes Sam’s smoothie is switched out for scotch.  On one such night, Lucifer—forbidden to leave his side for too long—coaxes him to bed.  “C’mon, Sammy.  You’ll burn out.”
Also this chapter ends on a bit of a happier note.
Dean nods into his neck enjoying the skin there.  It’s soft skin.  It smells of freshness and danger.  It brings Dean to life.  He presses his lips to it then freezes.  “Go ahead.  Suck.  Taste me, Winchester.”
I can feel him pulling away, losing interest in me.  I get desperate, feeling his attention slipping away from me, knowing I was the one to start us down this path with thoughts of my brother coming to save me.  “I’m a fucking slut,” I say with as much conviction as I can, burning with humiliation, because I know it’s true.  I put my hands on his shoulders and start moving my naked cock over his clothed one. “I’m your fucking slut, Luci.  I need your cock; need you in me.”
Yeah, but Cas has found a way to circumvent that rule.  If he goes over what Cas allots, Cas isn’t going to give
me.  The angel who claimed missing was a wasted emotion, fucking missed me.  "Cas?  I fucking missed the hell out of you."
“—but Dean—”
By the time Lucifer returns, I’ve managed to clean myself up a little and I’ve redressed in my robes.  I can’t breathe well with broken ribs, and it reminds me of what awaits me at the palace.
“Can I use it?”
"I won't go far."
It's about to get real kinky ;)
“The way you say, Cas.”
I’m about to go into my newest spiel about why Sam should come with me, when a voice says, “you know, I thought something was off with you Sammy, more than usual I mean, but I did not expect this.
Dean’s not so sure, but Cas seems to know about this stuff.  “If you say so, Cas.”
Sam glides a finger over Lucifer’s cock still trapped inside his clothes.  “Well I… Oh fuck.  Well, I wanted you to be mine.  So many prophecies talk about us.  Mmmmm, c’mon, Sammy.”
Dean trembles as he returns from the high, lowering his leg, receiving two hundred and fifty pounds of angel war general on top him.  Despite it all, he feels free and light and like fluffy beaten egg whites.
I expect to be introduced to someone imaginary, but I’m not.  From behind the curtain steps, “…
“Carry on, Benny,” Cas tells him and Benny does, pouting all the way to his car.  “You really should put this on,” Cas says picking up his shirt.  “I know it’s not your fault he decided to look at you that way, but I can’t have half the neighborhood hitting on you.  Benny’s just one of many perverts on this block and I just don’t think I could handle it well.”
“Oh, sure we did.”  Only I can’t seem to recall a story.  “But those times aren’t worth remembering.  Do you really want to hear a story about me and Sammy obeying all the rules to the letter?”
to Dean.  That would be worse.
"Guests can leave," I point out.
Just before dawn, Cas gently shakes him awake.  “Dean, Dean wake up.”  There’s urgency in Cas’s voice.
I can’t be the
“But Daddy, I’m the tiger kitten waking the tiger daddy.”
Cas thinks.  “Like a Matryoshka doll set, Russian dolls.  Earth is within Heaven—encapsulated in it.  The Garrison is yet another one of those dolls, between Earth and Heaven, which is why we are the gatekeepers.  We protect both the Earth and the Heavens.”
Dean huffs but he does get his temper under control.  “I don’t like any of this, for the record.  Most especially the part where you did a bunch of stuff to me without me saying you could.”
"Well no more beating on him, at least not in my town.  I'm trying to attract humans.  This does not bode well for me."
Dean nods again, accepting the bottle, sucking on it, and continuing to watch Daddy best he can with his head tilted back for drinking.  This time he smells bacon, and eggs, and toast in the air.  Also, coffee.  Fuck, what Dean wouldn’t give for some coffee right now, but even though Daddy hasn’t said, there’s no way he’s going to allow him such a grown-up drink.  That’s pretty standard.
“You don’t get it Dean.  Sam died a long time ago.  I’m just the imposter that walks around in a body that once belonged to him.”
“Nothing.  Forget it. Just a stupid story.  It’s probably not even real, just my messed-up brain making shit up again.”
I pull my robes to me as he looks me over.  “Are you still going to refuse shoes, Samuel?”
"We have to move on soon, Dean," Cas tells me, but he's soothing me through our bond, and with his touch that doesn't hurt like it did.  I'm far from healed, but I do heal faster than I did before.  The edge of pain is gone.
"Uh, mine too."  Maybe his parents are dead, and he's been wandering like that little girl with Kevin in the camp.  Could he have followed us this far?  I doubt it.  Not at Cas's pace.  "What about your dad?"
“This place is not included in Lucifer’s spell.  I’ve been trying to get to you for days.  You know I can come wherever you are.”
“I’m not wearing that.”
Dean shouldn’t say yes, he shouldn’t, but he wants it.  Overriding his thoughts on what he should or shouldn’t do, are Cas’s orders to put the nonsense behind them.  He doesn’t know if he can, but he’ll try.  “If it should please you, Alpha.”
“Remove your clothes, Dean.”
“I don’t know.  You tell me.”
Seven months of buildup isn’t healthy either—though Dean wishes the Gods would have thought up a failsafe for that—and Dean’s prostate must be milked.  Cas does it when he can, but he’s a busy emperor and isn’t always available when it’s time, which means Dean must go to the Omega Care and Punishment Center.  It’s adjacent to the Healing Center and it specifically caters to omega needs, but an omega can also be sent for punishment.
is what I want to say, but I remember to still my flippant tongue.  "I wish I could say I'd be fine, sir, but yeah, I won't be able to keep up."
After wallowing for awhile, I remember what I'm supposed to be doing.  I've still got a lot to learn about Cas, but one thing's certain, he's thorough when he teaches lessons, and I'd like to sleep at some point in the near future.  I replay what happened.
In some ways, I've gotten used to the agony.  It's just there.  I know I don't feel good, but I don't really remember what good feels like to tell you the truth.  Even after two months of Cas being gone, the fucking gnawing at my gut is still there; it just
Okay.  Dean’s made for this stuff.
Dean looks again.  It’s a bunch of weird looking symbols—yeah, Enochian.  He can’t read it anymore.  “What’s mine say?”  There’s Enochian on his too.  Whatever thing that let him read it before, is gone now.  It’s back to gibberish.  Sam could read this.
Dad crosses his arms, still holding his belt, considering Dean’s words.
"Good boy.  How about you close your eyes, and I'll keep you cosy with me 'till we go, huh?"  He'll feel safer to sleep that way.
But tonight when Dean slips into bed, Cas is there, at his desk.  “You’re not going to say goodnight to me, Nazaneen?” Cas says never looking up from his stack of papers.
“Am I Decanus?  And if I am, why are the rings all about me?  Shouldn’t it say something about what you are to me?”
“You don’t like humans, Lucifer.”
Dean’s not sure how Cas survives on such little sleep.
“Why did you do it?  You always have some asinine reason I never think of.”
"Oh did I not tell you?  Your brother is alive.  Didn't kill him.  Nope, not dead, not dead at all."
surely join me.  And you are strong, you may even be able to fight the sensation of being compelled for some time—weeks, months even—until you come in search of me, but come in search of me you will, and I will not be pleased."
I get up to dress, and I'm feeling good.
2.  I am working on an edit to show some inspo pics (inspiration images) I used while writing this story.  I'll show you how "young" I picture Dean.  I'll show Paris.  I'll show Fire Dad!  MOCK, where the heck IS Fire Dad???  He's coming so soon! I'll show Cas too.  I'll show some men in kilts!  What else do you want to see?  I'll browse the internet for a picture.
“Close your eyes.  I will sing to you and watch over you.”
Dean had also been spending time with Tann.  Dean is not permitted to ride his horse until the baby comes, but Cas had allowed him to take horse-drawn carriage down to visit up until a week ago.  Teleapài warned Cas the baby could come early, and Cas as Cas does went full alpha and made new rules, wanting to keep Dean close to the palace.  His only option if he wants to see Tann is to head to the kitchens.
"When we gonna go outside, Sammy?"
“It is something I’m going to have to get over,” he admits, and Dean almost falls over.  “At the moment it’s because of the manifestation that’s going to take place.  We don’t know what’s going to happen, but we do know I will be protective.  The battlefield is not the place for that to happen.”
“This way, we go this way,” Sam says.  I’m shocked I’ve gotten and answer, I feel a little bad it’s because I scared it out of him, but he’ll thank me later.  I hope.  I also hope he didn’t just say anything, so I’d let him go, but I’m happy for anything at this point.
It’s in the way Dean smiles, and cocks his brow at Cas when he answers questions.  It’s the cocky air he puts on that Cas is digging, Dean can tell, by way of his body language.  “You’re such a flirt,” Cas says.  “You do that when you’re little too, you know.  It’s different, more innocent, but there’s a thread of similarity.”
He’s gotten used to having his cock beat though.  He doesn’t like it any more than he did the first time but freaking out about it got him nowhere.  So, every night he takes his punishments, and he curls into a ball and tries to sleep.  When he can’t, he lets himself think of Sam—something he’s pushed out of his mind, he doesn’t want to bring Sam in here with him.  He hopes Sam really isn’t a prisoner too.
He nods.  "I do.  But I find I would
Dean’s stomach clenches, he’s got to be more careful with that.  He works up his bravery.  “Am I…  Alpha?  Did it work?”
I nod.  “Hey Jack, why don’t you go see your, uh, Cas?”  Is Cas still his dad?  I don’t know how angel foster parenting works.  “I’m gonna talk to Sammy here for a few minutes.”
"No.  He's real, but more important than me telling you so,
“See something you like?” he says.
Dean shakes his head.  “I’m not familiar with Old Mythcairnian.”
Dean.  If you wanted to stop by, you should have planned for that.”
Tonight.  Sammy.  Dean knows he’s going to fuck this up somehow though so he doesn’t get too excited about that orgasm.  How likely is it he could send a note to his brother saying, “If you could just do what we asked you to nicely so my balls don’t fall off I’d appreciate that, Bro, kay?”
But now I've got the full force of Cas turned on me, and I quake.  I can't help it, I fucking quake.  He approaches and I don't know what the fuck to do, so I wait.  When he grabs me up by my robes, I cry out.  He tosses me over a chair, and flips my robes up.  I'm totally commando, because apparently they don't believe in underwear around here, and without prep, or warning, Cas is inside me.  Thank fuck for my new, self-lubing abilities, but that's not going to happen unless I get turned on.
"And then what, Cas?"
“Dean!”  Cas is getting pissed.  But he won’t let me keep this, it’s too big.  But…
He’s wrong though, Sam died a long time ago.
“Sure, you do.  If I don’t know he’s here, I can’t take the time to rescue him when I leave.”
"I've been fixing up this shit since I can remember.  I'll do it myself then."
Yeah, Roark was right, this is totally working on me.  I’m enthralled.
Dreyous puts a hand on his shoulder.  “Be a good boy.  I’ll see you in the mornin’.”
“Please don’t… please don’t leave me.”
The door has been flung open.  Dean’s ready for Cas’s wild energy to consume him.
"I mean it, your brother waltzes in here for tea, you stay where you are until
I finished editing this chapter sooner than expected, so... here you go!  Yes because I love you all *heart eyes*
“Only if it got you ready for me,” he says walking between my legs, his crotch level with my face.
“We’re reaching the end, honey.  You’ve done well.  Just a bit more.”
“You were right, Dean,” Jack tells him
and if it makes Daddy that happy, it’s hard for Dean to complain.  Much.
“I’m supposed to have your permission to cum.  But what if I don’t want sex with you?  How will I ever cum, Master?”
I concluded long ago that the angels recognize the value in symbols, and allow us humans to use whatever floats our boat.
“Did you find out anything more about the creepy-stone portal thing?” Gabriel asks.
“There’s got to be some other way!”  He’s going into a full-on panic.
He prowls over top of me, nuzzling his nose into my neck.  "I know something about you," he says against my skin.  "You
you.”
"I'm not asking you to spank me, you can go hang yourself."
Dean knows that.  It’s fucking embarrassing, actually, which is not the most important thing, it’s just the thing Dean focuses on so he can ignore all the carnage surrounding them.  “General’s orders,” Dean says, pressing his hands into the gash on Donny’s chest, who he’s not sure is alive anymore.  At least, those were the last orders he’d heard from Cas, his stupid angel radio is kaput again.  He agrees with Cas though.  Aside from retreat, there’s not much else to do.  And he and Dalton would retreat, but they can’t.  Hell, even most of the angels are too low on grace to leave on their own.  They can’t even make a portal let alone get to it.
I nod.  “I’m starting to like
, Michael?”
I nod again, not wanting to think about it really, but he's ordered me too now.  It's going to be something terrible, and I don't know I can handle that kind of terrible right now.  I need a distraction, to feel something else, something powerful.  "L-Luci, will you, I need you to
Commander Vass works him into the ground.  He doesn’t get a break.  He earns a lot of lashes on the field for his fuck ups.  By the time he reaches his session with Cas, he’s beat.  He’s dreading sex—something he never thought would happen.
Sam cows.  It’s a look that could burn lava.  “Okay,” he says, picking up the fork and stabbing at the spinach.  “I’ll remember to eat.”
Cas runs a tired hand through his hair, letting go a breath.
We are south now, and it's hot.  I've got my flannel tied around my waist, and have on the white tank Claire gave me.
Cas tilts his head and has to look at me a long time.  “How did you do that?”
He is announced, and then the guard waits outside the small home for him while he visits.  “Your highness, it’s so good of you to come,” Tann says, his sandy-brown skin unusually pale.
His cock is leaking.  Hard.  Aching.  There’s no chance Cas is touching it.
I think Cas maybe felt sorry for me.  I was bereft that my son was leaving the nest already, he hadn’t been in my nest all that long.  Whatever it was, Cas took the scale and attached it to the leather throng the amulet sits on for me.
When Dean had a fit, he got a spanking on his bare, bum that was not nice.  Daddy cuddled with him after though, so even though it hurt like a son of a bitch, Dean found he felt good inside after.
Every now and then, Cas comes out with shit like that.  I marvel at him.  "Wow, you actually made me feel better, Cas."
“Are they?” he says.
per se even if I disagree with invasion of privacy.  I can see that they attempt modest, even though it’s clear they can afford much more.  They donate often to people who need it.
“Quiet, I’m brooding.  I do not understand, Dean.  Was I not doing my job?  Have I not been a faithful son?  Is this punishment?”
“I think it has to be.  Nephilim have wings and can fly.”
“I get that reference too.  No, not punked, but you were once Roark.  You share the same consciousness, or soul if you prefer.”
“Dean, give me your arm.”
“You may come sit in my arms if you like.”
"Wait a minute," I say figuring something else out.  "You like me, don't you?"
No.  Cas does as he pleases with me.  That's the deal between a human and an angel; my opinion is neither here nor there.  I seldom argue, but I am prone to complain from time to time.  Maybe that's what Cas was looking for, but I'm too blissful to worry about that which I have no control over.
Hmmmm.  That’s a big offer.  Normally, it means a spanking if he doesn’t finish rather than a
"Not here.  Don't worry, you'll see," he laughs, "you'll sea… get it?"
Dean notices the bottle on the nightstand and the book Daddy read to him, while he got settled.  He didn’t even have to wear his mitts.  Daddy took them off when they came to Daddy’s bed, where Daddy could make sure he didn’t do anything little boys weren’t supposed to.  “What should I do, Daddy?”  Dean’s awake now.  Maybe he could go down and play with his toys.
"I didn't want to ruin the masterpiece I created the other day.  These are stunning, and they're going away too quickly."
"It's not fine, and despite your protests, this is happening.  You will behave for Antoni, you will stay here and learn from him."  The timber in Cas's voice makes it so final, and I know it is what will be.
ourselves.
the fire fiend.  His long, black and red jacket sways and moves with him as if he’s instructing it how to march with him, in time with his movements.
“Look, it may just be a rumor.  But there was mention of me returning to Ohên.”
As I work, I remember how much I miss this.  It connects me back to all kinds of things I hadn't though about in awhile,
I sniffled and looked up.  “Yeah, Cas?”
“Over there works,” Castiel says, like he’s telling them where to set down the new couch he just ordered.
Cas obliges him even going so far as to sit up and remove it manually.  Dean’s told him how much he likes to watch his muscles expand and contract as he undresses.  Dean presses his bare skin against Cas’s.  They lay in silence for a time.  Cas holds Dean to his body protectively.  It’s possessive too.  And instilled with the only kind of care the angel is capable of.
It was love in the most unlikely of places, but that doesn’t change that for Dean it’s love.  He doesn’t even care if Cas loves him back, much… but unfortunately, without the love from Cas’s side, once the healer deems him useless, Cas will cast him aside to find someone who can carry for him.  Hell, Dean won’t let him
From a large house near the end of one street a familiar, bulky frame emerges.  Dean doesn’t think, he runs like a little boy, his heart so full of joy and dives for Dreyous.  “Papa!”
That’s totally made up.  “Sure, Ken.  You know if anything happens to me, Lucifer will skin you alive and then pull out your innards like they did in the movie Braveheart, yeah?”
Dean hadn’t been planning on asking.  He knew Cas would say no.  He’d already decided to settle for the pleasure he could get with no orgasm.  “How did you know about that?”
"Because I don't have dreamy green eyes," Cas deadpans coming into the room.  He's angry, not with me, but that doesn't matter.  It's little solace when it's consuming me, and I'm the one that will pay for the fancy of others.  He places the pants on top of the stack of blankets, and proceeds to hang his jacket—a khaki trench coat—where my clothes are.  "Your face is still dirty." He rolls up his sleeves and grabs a cloth off the shelf behind the bath then kneels down beside me dipping the cloth in the water.
“Before you think of running again, you should know that the jewelry you’re wearing allows me access to everything.  You’ll be on the ground and in unimaginable pain before you make it to the door.  I’ll leave you like that for as long as I feel like.  By all means, try it.”
“Arrrrrrgh!” Cas shouts, swiping his hand across, knocking his plate and its contents to the ground, his wine falling on top, spilling like blood as it seeps into the cracks of the risotto.  He slides out from the table and storms out.
“You need more discipline.  Eat, get him washed up and then you may rest Sam, in
Yeah, okay.  He sees what Cas is getting at.  That’s what they did—Cas helped training him, Cas never got off with Dean, but that was before.  “But Master I—”
"Mmmmm?"
Tentatively, he crawls over to where Daddy and Sammy are.  Daddy’s getting Sammy settled down, but he’s still upset.  “It’s okay Dean, you can come over here,” Daddy says, seeing how slowly he’s crawling.
Finally, Dad stops and excuses Dean who sniffles, but wordlessly stands to pull his clothes up over the apocalypse that is his ass.  “Your turn, Sammy,” Dad says.
This chapter likely has some trigger-y content.  I'm not 100% sure how to label some of it, so I will say please proceed with caution.  Take ownership and care with your mental space, lovelies.
Cas sits back, legs spread, folding his hands over his mid-torso.  “Are you aroused, my omega?”
But I pick up the pace, keeping up with both of them.  I don’t care what Cas says.  We’re on an adventure and he’s just going to have to deal with it.
I prepare myself as we get closer and closer.  Finally, when we’re near the edge, I’ve come up with enough courage, but when I attempt to step out over the cliff’s edge, I notice Cas is stalk still.  Staring.
“I’m pretty sure the directive of ‘drop off gift’, did not include ‘stay for pie’.  Was there even a chaperone?”
Dean panics.  It didn’t occur to him he wouldn’t be
Lucifer shook his head.
Gadreel sits on the bed and leads Dean over his lap.  When his purple cock presses against Gadreel’s thighs, a moan of pleasure escapes.  He’s leaking.  That might be worse than all of this.  he doesn’t want to get off on Gadreel at all.  Dean presses his toes into the ground, giving himself as much stability as he can so that doesn’t have to move against Gadreel’s thighs and make it worse.
Ten days made his nut sack the weight of a handful of quarters over pennies which Dreyous was stupidly proud of him for because yeah Dean ended up telling him—he’s a sucker for Proud Fire Dad.  It was hard though.  It meant Dean crazy with arousal.  Hard to think of much else.  He didn’t think that was good for a real battlefield but while he was in the Garrison building tolerance, he would suffer through it.  He wanted to get to the fourteen days Dreyous recommended.  Dreyous’s word is a big deal to Dean these days.  He wants to continue to make him proud and show him how much he values him by at least trying his suggestions.
And why would he?  It’s an uphill, downhill, sidehill battle.  “Okay I do want something.  It’s not much.  I just want to cut my hair—not the top,” he adds quickly when Cas glares.  “I know how much you like that part.  I just want an under cut, like … like Fire Dad.”  Dean puffs his chest.  “And to grow the top a little longer.”
“I’m not your Master.”
She laughs.  “Yes.”
He crosses his arms. “Tell me the plan first.”
Fuck.  Cas's kryptonite.  Cas lets the glow fall away from him eyes, but he doesn’t put his wings away.  "What do you want?"
The man does seem really fucking proud, and Dean is content.
necklace in the witch woman’s vision,” I say for the billionth time.  He wrinkles his nose at the mention of witch woman.  “And it is supposed to wake Michael.  If he comes out of the ocean, doesn't that just make sense?”
Dean does, watching horrified as Cas does the same, slipping a similar gold ring onto his ring finger.  Now Dean’s too pissed to care about his dick.  If he’s going to do anything, it’s go straight to Michael.  He’ll touch Dean’s dick.  Then he can have fun telling Cas all the details.  “Anything else I should know?  We have a child while I was out?”
"Just… this." He spreads his hand out to everything before us.
If the kiss hadn't already given them away, the adoring look they exchange would.  It's clear how much they love each other.  "Did you bring the antidote?"
.  He makes me real.
It's as I'm pondering all this, I feel it.  But I fucking question it, because it can't fucking be.  Like a little lemming, I follow until
Cas nods.  “And I’m sorry for storming out on you the other night that was uncalled for.”
“It’s just protocol, Dean.  Nothing untoward.  I promise.”
Dean takes a good look at Cas.  His hair is disheveled, and the scruff on his face says he hasn’t shaved in too many days.  He looks fucking sexy like he is, and Dean wouldn’t care if he stayed like that, but Dean knows it’s only because he’s let go his own personal care to attend to Dean.  “I’m sorry, Cas.  You’re a good Alpha.  I’m being awful.  I can do this.”
He fucks the plug into me and I respond by spreading my legs as far as they can go with my pants and boxers still around my ankles.  I keen back into the plug, which wins me points with him and the crowd.  “Wow, so good for me, my Sam.”
knowing Cas will never allow me to leave him. I don't know I'd go as far as to call it comforting; it's more a thrilling sort of feeling.
You can’t influence someone when you’re judging them.  Dean doesn’t judge you.  He might not like what you do, but he can see why you do it.  He’ll even work with you from
Balthazar had said about Cas's last mate, the one he hated.  It's a different sort of way to look at things, but angels really do believe they are doing a great service to the ones they care about when they hurt them.
He’s spent though and he closes his eyes.  “That’s it.  Relax, highness.  Now that it’s done, I can make you feel good.”
“Okay, Daddy.”
“We were expecting you, Castiel.  We were told some time ago you would arrive on this day with Dean.  You have my permission.”
When Daddy’s done, he stands him up.  “In the corner, ten minutes.  No touching your bottom.  You’re going to stand there and think with your red bottom on display, while it hurts you, so you’ll think about how well-behaved you’ll be for the rest of the day.”
“What do you notice?  You’re the one who wanted to help.  So, help.”  Cas leers at me, daring me to complain.
“I know Teleapài assured us omega were built for rough sex, even pregnant, but I wanted to hear it from you.”
“You’re not.  Sorry Daddy,” Dean says with a shrug he can tell Daddy thinks is adorable.  Dean’s very adorable and sometimes Daddy has a hard time resisting him.
“What did I tell you about that snake, Lucifer?” Sam says.  They’re in Sam’s new office.  Dagon’s kneeled at his feet.  Lucifer’s watching his snake slither over the furniture.  It’s not doing any harm but it’s chaos.  Sam needs to keep Lucifer in check.
Okay.  There are some hard parts here, but unfortunately necessary.  If you can make it, well, I don't want to give anything away, but just ... I hope this starts to get exciting by the end of the chapter ;)
“You’re not ready.”
“I heard.  What do you think about that?”
"Yes to the first, not exactly to the second."  He continues like we're having a conversation about the weather and he's not lighting my ass afire.
I wish I could trust that.  People,
Dean’s body tightens.  Submit.  That means something more than moving through the motions of doing what he’s told.  He gets it.  He gets why the General told him what his preferences were.  “You know, you guys say sex isn’t coerced around here but it’s clear that sex gets us out of pain.  Who wouldn’t choose sex over that, Master?”
It’s still embarrassing as hell.  Especially when he when he can feel the pee shoot upward, and then back down on itself due to the splash guard.  He opens his eyes and watches the pee land in the plastic potty.  He’s so deep in the headspace now, he’s got real little boy fascination with it and he doesn’t realize he’s done until he’s been staring for a few long seconds.  He’s excited to tell Daddy.  He pulls the soother out.  “Daddy.  Daddy, I did it.”
Cas is pissed.  “You’re impossible.”
Lucifer didn’t look good.  He resembled a balloon animal with all the air sucked out—a lifeless, deflated vessel.  Sam knew it was because they’d been separated for so long.  Sam felt the same on the inside as Lucifer looked on the outside, even if he didn’t look it.  The demon blood helped Sam flourish.  “Come,” Sam said holding his arms open.
"You will," he says and his voice turns ice cold.  "If you betray my trust, I even catch wind of you making an escape attempt, I'll have my people do it, and when I return home, I'll pull you out just to beat you, and then I'll throw you back in."
"Dean, you need to start making sense, and fast."
I don't get the architect reference, if that even means anything, and I flip through but don't see anything of use, but there isn't anything.  Just a stupid, useless book that I don't understand.  Looks like Cas was right, you can't trust anyone.  This really is a fucking courting present, and a boring one at that.  Furious, I throw the book at the wall.  It slams against it, and something flitters out of it and to the ground.  I race over to pick it up.
“I am.  I still don’t like that it happened.  He is still a child and I am responsible for him.”
"Sorry." Seriously.  I'm suddenly feeling crazy.  What's possessed me? But I can’t help the little rush I get thinking, now Cas knows my name.
“I don’t think so, kid.  Crawl.”
Dean sighs. “I’m not hopeful. But I’d love to make you come apart,” he says into his ear.
"That must mean your strength has increased as well."
“B-Besides.  I’m glad I could save this one for you.”  Dean has learned how to enjoy sex without the finish.  Of course, the finish is the best but waiting makes orgasms that much
Denying me is hot as fuck to him (and to me if I'm honest), and it's what sends him over, and he fills me with the silvery, incandescent angel jizz.  I can't see it now, but I've seen it enough times to know.  It's like someone mixed a bunch of silver glitter into regular come.  I've made fun of it at my own peril a time or two.  The first time Cas was not pleased and I paid dearly, the second time, he surprised me by asking if I was
“How have things been?”
"Hey, do you think I should see if he wants to play, while you're busy?"
There’s a brief moment in time, where he comes back to the surface of subspace, and he had the thought that he’s a giant man in a tub, and another man, who’s as odd as he is, and will bathe him now.  Cas must be able to tell.  “It’s time to wash you, and then you can play for a bit.”
“Because the angel part of you recognizes me as your Master through our bond.  Angels are hierarchy ruled.  It runs through us.”
to Sam.  The bond is calling for it and I won’t lie, I
“Not while I’m around.”  Paris chugs the last of his mead, stands and storms off.
from a misguided place of love.
Cas is quiet and Dean doesn’t like it.  Has he hurt his feelings?  “It is not my wish to insult you.  Does it bother you that much?” he finally says.
"That's not what it sounded like."
They lay without speaking until, “You’ve been pulled out of training to learn politics and protocols.”
He turns and begins walking away from the cliff and ugh, back to the stupid rock thing.  “What the hell, Cas?”  But he keeps walking.  I wait ‘till we’re back and I’m so done with all of this.  It feels like it’s been a really long night.  “Cas, why’d you come back here?”
“I accept your terms, Mother,” Sam said.  He had to pledge allegiance to her, magically binding.
The first time he goes, he has a brief idea of what to expect, but having it explained to you by your alpha husband who will never quite understand omega things, just as Dean will never quite fully understand alpha things, leaves room for some surprise.
“Once Castiel deems him suitably trained, I’m giving him my vote.  I want him moved downstairs.  Something this beautiful should not be left to wither.”
Dean sucks in a long breath.  “We pulled off the highway for some food and then got lost.”
“No,” he says.  “But I suppose it will have to do.”
"Okay, so we're heading out now?" Boyd asks, sounding so fucking hopeful.
Dean stifles a groan.  Kneeling.  The most monotonous of humbling tasks but it’s also the least sexual.  Gabriel’s trying for him.  He kneels sitting back on his heels, spreading his knees wide, tucking his hips under so his cock will stand taller.  He interlaces his fingers and extends his arms as far as they’ll go, bowing his head.  Pressing his bare toe pads into the carpet.
It ends in a haunting way.
I sob.  "Ow, Cas!  Owwww, because… I'm going to behave, because I do have respect for my mate and I want to show him what a good boy I can be, fuck, ouch!"
Fine.  I still think it would be handy, but I don't say it.  It's just as well, these fairy creatures sound anti-social at best, doubt they'd give us the recipe.  "Should I expect an attack?"
again."
from him.  For him, which is crazy, he's the one beating the fuck out of me.  I'm not even allowed to fight back.
"Yes."
“Only if… only if it’s not taking you away from work.”
All Dean has to do is not push Michael out.  Sounds easy right?  It’s not.  Sometimes it’s not even him that does it but his body.  He’s got to keep the awful feeling within him, pulled tightly to him, until he hears Michael tell him to let go.  At least there’s that.  Michael’s voice.  It’s warm honey over bitter cinnamon.
Dean positions Cas’s hand over where a foot was pressing his skin outward.  Cas’s brow creases.  “Is that…?”
me, but things have changed.  Cas doesn't like it.  "I'm sure it's as a result of the mating."
Lucifer positions himself between Sam’s spread legs.  He grips the base of his cock squeezing with all his might, but Sam’s body is more robust, like the demon strength fortifies it and all that effort constricts Sam’s dick only mildly.  The foreskin glides over the head and when it descends again unveiling the head, Lucifer swallows it whole.  He’s dainty and fragile and it drives Sam wild.
“I would be bored.”
They had to have uncomfortable conversations at times.  Conversations Dean was sure were commonplace with the children of Ohên from their parents, but Dean felt all squirmy inside about.  Dreyous tried to cushion the conversations as best as he knew how, but he was a fire fiend used to their ways; little idea as to how to traverse this stuff with a human son (many said Dean was no longer human, but he still felt human).
Gadreel chains him to the bed as usual.  A chain to each ankle cuff, his legs are spread as wide as they’ll go.  His hands get chained together behind him.  He’s vulnerable and at Gadreel’s mercy.  As much as Dean does hate this, there’s something for him in the mixture of anticipation and the obeyance.  His cock doesn’t harden but his crotch tingles.  There’s an adrenaline dip and rise over and over.  There is no breeze in the dungeon, but cool air runs past Dean’s cock all the same.  He readies himself for the bruising pain.  The impact.  The shocking throb that comes after.
Just asking sends sparks through Dean.  God, how did that become so erotic?  Before, Dean would have needed some kinda BDSM-centric threesome.  Ropes.  Chains.  Whips.   Now it’s all about being able to touch his own dick.
“He doesn’t look
The prince embraces him in a swift movement, planting a kiss on his lips.  "Jamir.  You know I will always make it back to you."
I'm curious as to what the crowd will think of this Sam!
“This means Teleapài was right.  I’m never going to hear the end of this.”  Cas looks skyward, as if maybe the Gods above might take pity on him, but they both know she’s better friends with them than Cas is.
“You were an exceptional boy today.”
Cas likes my jealousy.  I can feel it.  He isn't wearing his jacket, I can see it's hanging on the hook by the door.  He's also not wearing his blue tie, and the white shirt he is wearing has exactly three buttons undone.  He untucks his shirt and starts undoing the rest of the buttons revealing the chiselled abs underneath.
That's right.  I figured all that shit out, but I never really did any of it.
The heavy beat of wings, and it’s not a moment too soon, because if Lucifer gets this amulet, we really are done for.  I realize there’s not just one set of wings, but two.  Hika brought his mate with him.   Hika swoops in and Lucifer’s quick with a blast of his grace as Hika dodges out of the way, letting go a blast of fire, toward Lucifer as he goes.
Dean bites his lip, but he obeys, and Daddy starts rinsing with his cup again.  “See, all done.  No soap in the eyes.”
“Yeah here.”  I give him the book and he heads off.
The angel makes it clear I have no hope against him.  He uses my body as a wrecking ball, to ruin what's left of the decrepit bar.  It's not that I roll over and let him, I’m fighting with everything I have.  Whatever I try to do, he's a hundred times faster, whatever leverage I try to get on him, he's a hundred times stronger.  Far as I can tell, he hasn't even used a lick of grace yet, and I'm already finding it hard to make out his form anymore.  It's getting real fuzzy, my head's spinning, until I can't stay awake no more.
“Of course I am—”
it.  He might as well have zapped it with lightning.  That’s what it feels like after no one—not even him—touching him for that long.  Plus now, it’s the most forbidden of forbidden.  Everyone wants what they can’t have.
"It wouldn't be.  No claiming will be like the original claiming.  Think of it more like calming down a whiny toddler, versus making a whole new toddler."
“Maybe, but I think I do, because of
Aside from sex, Dean’s supposed to please Cas in other, non-sexual ways.  Service isn’t only about sex.  Cas hasn’t requested anything like that from him either though.  He hasn’t requested much from Dean at all and it feels a lot like avoidance.  It’s like in the first months when Cas stuck him in a cell which was for many reasons but Dean’s coming to suspect one of those reasons was so Cas wouldn’t have to deal with Dean.  Cas has issues.
"I was able to get you a new pair of these," he says standing to reach into the pocket of his coat, and hands me a fresh pair of white boxers.
young,” Michael says.  “I’d place him in college.  Fourth year maybe.  Somewhere in his twenties.”
“It doesn’t
He’s slammed against a wall.  The back of Cas’s hand lays sharp across his face.  Twice.  The pain is unreal.  It takes Dean’s breath away.   He’s bleeding.
“And we’re, Wyld Stallyns!” they say together.
I reach for the necklace at my throat and start fiddling as I keep watching.  All of this is fucking disturbing.
I look to
Time doesn't pass quickly down here in the cold, dark, unbreathing place.  If anything it passes slower.  Eventually, I do start calling for Lucifer in my mind, hoping he can hear me, and that he'll come for me.
“—no buts.  It’s tradition.  I would have gotten you some of your own, but I also would have gifted you some of mine as well.  One of these is from my father, and the other from my grandmother.  I was their fire child and fire grandchild.”  Dreyous brushes out the longer hair on Dean’s crown.
The orgasm after breakfast the next morning is fantastic.
“Whatever you paid for this moment, you’ve wasted your time.  Send me back.” He nods, but he’s not worried like I think he should be.  “That’s it?  You’re not going to try to talk me into anything?”
I could have told him that.  He's no fucking help though, man my feet feel a whole lot better.  When he's in a better mood, I'm gonna suggest he quit the running around for his father business and open up a massage business.  He'll
There’s even a foot stomp.
I stand up, brush myself off and extend a hand to help him up.  He takes it.  “If there’s anything I’ve learned being apart from you, it’s that the only thing we have in life are the people we love and that they’re more important to me than the entire world.  I’d never choose a situation that doesn’t include you, so you’re just gonna have to fucking get over that.”
Sometimes Cas says the most beautiful things.
I’ve already done it and my brain’s reward centers want the only thing I’ve been looking forward to all day.  I nod, he jerks me off, it’s awesome, I lie awake shame-filled with his cock in the crease of my ass until I fall into a fitful sleep.
“No.” Cas presses a kiss to Dean’s lips, and a spank to his bottom.  “Drive safe, and let me know when you’re home.”
Dean breaks apart.  He squeezes around Cas’s cock hard, gripping at Cas’s ass, his fingers inserting themselves into Cas’s butt dimples, gripping his ass hard enough he knows he’ll see bruises there tomorrow.  He comes in spurts from his cock, almost shooting himself in the eye, laughing and reveling in the intensity all at once.
They head to the kitchen, smirking at Dean all the way by.
I jump remembering where I am.  "Uh, yeah."  I turn the music down. “How do you know my name?”
"  I haven't thought of escaping this place for a very long time.
Right.  The stupid rule.  Kneeling for Cas is the last thing he feels like doing but he’s not ready to test Cas on that one yet, even pissed as he is.  He gets down low like he’s supposed to.  It’s no shocker when Cas doesn’t tell him to rise for five minutes.  “Get up here, Winchester.”
He sits up, nodding, but that doesn’t mean he believes me.
“Calm down.”  Dean’s tired of people telling him to calm down.  Sam brushes out his white jacket and wipes the corners of his mouth with the back of his hand.  “Look, there’s a lot to tell you that’s going to be hard to understand and no time to explain.  Just come with me and—”
, and the way things are now, while mourning the loss of the
He lets me go and I drop to the ground.  “You require more discipline, which will have to wait.” Cas won’t forget.  “Technically, he is Lucifer’s son, but Father said I was to be Jack’s father, until I could either locate the one Father has requested for him, or Father deemed Jack ready to become an angel.  I have been looking for him a long time.”
Oh.  Ah.  That means using the potty in front of Uncle Gabe.  He’s used the potty for Daddy, but never with someone else there.  Dean wants to be pushed like this, but that doesn’t mean he won’t fight.  Dean has a
Dean does, skipping off but not before he gives a last wink to, Daddy.
When we get to the bedroom, and Cas starts taking off his fucking clothes, I almost have a heart attack.  He's beautiful, chiselled from the mountains of Olympus, or something like that.  I'm staring, and I'm being creepy, but it's his damn fault getting naked in front of me like that.  "What are you doing?" he says.  "Get undressed."
I recognize the stones, they are like the ones below the palace.
“And I’ve been informed during my time here how much more there is for you to learn.  I’m going to squeeze every bit of potential out of you I can, soldier.”
He allows grace to trickle out to the spot in my foot his inspection has concluded is the issue.  First there's shocking pain, and I grip the edges of the seat, trying not to scream, and then there's instant relief as the tissue inside knits back together, leaving only a slight itchy feeling.  I move it around, flexing and extending my toes, as he sets it down.  "Feels good, thanks Cas."
Sam, my poor broken Sammy, he doesn’t know who the fuck to obey, only that he’s supposed to obey someone.  It’s a tense moment.  Lucifer could decide to flee with Sammy and then we’d be chasing him all over again, but he doesn’t.  Instead, he pushes Sammy’s hair back and away from his face.  “You and I will always know the truth, Dreamer.”
Dean’s gonna rip his head off.  But first he’ll pluck out his ducky curls one at a time.
The water numbs both his cock and balls, but oddly, it hurts at the same time.  The cold shoots through him and he chatters his teeth, while he makes miserable, whimpering noises.  “I know it’s cold,” Levi coos.  “Only two and a half minutes to go.”
“And Alpha?  I know how my suffering makes your cock feel.  I want you to take pleasure in watching.  And I uh, I do too, which is why it’s so torturous,” Dean mutters, blushing.
“Oh brother.  Just go do it.  Even if you’re right, at least you’ll be an egotistical monster for the right reasons.  Now go.”
“Dean.  Explain,” Cas says.
Hmmmm.  I don’t want to involve him, but things are pretty fucked.  Can he hear me from this far out though?  In another dimension?  Don’t know.  I have to try though.  I do remember Cas mentioning they came from rips in the veil between worlds, maybe they can locate that stuff, because it would be so great if he could at least get a message to Cas.  I touch the scale and call to him, asking him to come home to me.
day."
Wow.  Cas would do that for me?
It’s also beyond angel understanding.  “What do I have to offer you?”
When I reach the tent, I take a deep breath before going inside.  Big crowds tend to ignite my strange claustrophobia on a low burn, and if the crowd is large enough, I can have a mini to large panic attack depending on the crowd, and how tired I am.  I'm beyond tired right now.
There’s a tree and I get an idea.  “C’mon, Sammy.  We just gotta make it to that tree.”
Dreyous knows that means Dean had to ask.  He rushes over, pulling Dean’s head under his lips, pressing a kiss there.  “I’m so proud, my fire child.  This’ll go good with my gift.  And here.”  He pours Dean a fresh pint of mead and sets out Dean’s favorite snacks.  He pats Dean’s shoulder.  “Enjoy, second lieutenant.”
While he sleeps, I read more about angels.  I've been reading as much as I can.  We've hunted all kinds of creatures in our short lives, but we'd only just learned of angels a couple years back.  Now they're our new overlords.
He is not satisfied with that.  "I'll deal with you later.  For now stay there, and don't move."
Dr. O'Malley worries about me.  He even tries to rile me up to elicit some kind of response out of me; he'll gladly take anger to the pathetic thing I've become.  Since he's caught onto what I've been doing in 'my room', he won't let me up there anymore until it's time for bed, so I've taken to sitting on the porch, staring at the horizon, hoping I'll see Cas, my face wet with tears half the time.  It's a fruitless activity.  I know Cas is nowhere near the place, I'll be able to feel him when he gets close, especiallly if I'm paying this much attention.
My physical body healed the fastest.  Now that I wasn’t having to heal so much and so often, plus no longer having the lifeforce sucked out of me, I could experience the benefits of the bond.  Even though I wasn’t quite up to eating what I do now – what I require for someone my size – the bonding magic helped out with that some and I started to look good again.
“No.”
He swipes a hand over my ass, wetting his fingers with my blood, and shows it to me.  "It's not a lot, but it will be enough."
But the surgery is not much more than a veterinarian hospital setup, with a table suited for a human (at least) rather than a dog, though, could probably use it for a dog too.  We lay Dad on the table.  Dad, who’s still struggling to breathe and bleeding profusely.  The physician is eyeing me up.  “This is serious.  I will do my best, but I may not be able to save him.  I will still require payment for my work.”
But how can you have the old normal once you’ve been through an experience?  Of any kind?  You’re forever changed down to your biochemistry.
The thought of hurting Lucifer makes his cock hard.  He does try to spare the poor thing his torture, but Sam’s got to have his fun too.  Besides, it keeps him in his place.  Something like Lucifer needs that.  When Lucifer first began hanging around, he thought he would control Sam.  That he would be Sam’s Master but that’s not what God intended for their bond.  Sam was always going to be the failsafe God needed incase Lucifer escaped his special cage in hell.  Which is good because he did.
“Go ahead, Sam.  Go rest in the library if you wish.  I’ll have someone fetch you when we’re done here.  Then we head back to the palace.”
There's no choice, but to give over to whatever he'll do.  These things, this creature-like tendency lives in Cas; it's need and the need will be satisfied.  Best I can do is help.
It’s the one order from Alpha he has the most trouble complying with and it gets him in trouble.
“Well no, Cas.  But what about the people who aren’t responsible for what happened?  Shouldn’t they get a good life, in a new place?”
"The army was large, and they trampled into the city, but Gabriel was ready to fight them.  He felt confident we would win, even though we've been offered little help."  That's a bit of a dig to Cas if I ever heard one.  Cas gives no fucks.  "But the tall man, he wasn't well, and Lucifer seemed to be distraught about it."  She pauses on the word distraught, and yeah I get it, because why would Lucifer ever care about anything enough to be distraught?  "The man grabbed his head, and started screaming.  Lucifer tried to use his grace on him, but it only seemed to make things worse.  The little boy seemed to get upset, and then suddenly everything exploded."
“C’mon Cas, admit it.  You’re doing your duty to me, or whatever, but you’re at least one sixteenth less brutal than what you carry out.”
It’s an adult-sized potty.  Plastic, and red, and
Dean isn’t really the patient sort.  Besides, he’s peed like a good boy and Daddy should come
Cas lets go my chin and slams his fist down on the counter behind me.  “
"Of course you did, well then, finish me off.  I'm dead anyway."
In this way, he architects relationships.  I can see why prophecy gave Dean’s soul that name.
I attempt to mimic her posture, but it takes a lot of energy I don’t have.  Bonding is supposed to give a human more strength, along with an extra glow, but with how much Lucifer demands of me, not eating, and always in a state of healing, the ‘extra’ is sapped, sustaining my lifeforce instead.  I do manage a little taller and congratulate myself for that much, but I don’t stay there long, preferring a more relaxed posture, one easier to maintain.
“C’mon, you can turn the pages for Daddy.”
“No, of course not.  You will only refer to your Master as Master.  You’ll refer to me as sir when the time calls for it.  I don’t mind my name falling from pretty lips like yours.”
Huh.  "Time away?  How could they?"  Cas and I physically can't be away from the other long without one of us – or both of us – going crazy.  Even with him away from me now it's uncomfortable.  Itchy.
dragged Cas's vessel out of here.  Fuck.  I throw the birds in the wheel-y-cart thing, and start rolling it forward, following where the drag marks lead.
Slick’s already running down his right leg.  His balls are too light.  Yeah.  That’s become a thing.  Dean better understands the relationship between his powers and his arousal.  Heavy balls don’t drive him any less crazy—that would be way too easy—but light nuts worry him.  In their own way they feel good all thick and weighty.
I do think about what he says, and try to understand him beyond my own personal feelings.  As much as Cas can be a robot when it comes to following his father's rules, I have come to realize over the years that there are truths I don't expect buried within all the Angel-God stuff.  It didn't have a whole lot of relevance
, sweet baby Sammy who’s enjoying the wonderment of what Uncle Cas is cooing at him.  His happy smile relays pure bliss and the innocence of being little, of having no cares, or worries.
“I’m not, and I do like Sam, but I think this one relationship is good for now.  I don’t have many of them, Cas.”
Cas captures Dean’s lips in a kiss he didn’t know he needed; he clings to Cas by his wide shoulders.  “Come, Nafas.  An alpha knows when his omega’s emotions are his fault, a good alpha helps him feel secure again.  We’ll start our night now.”
Daddy gives him Professor Norris to hold while he’s on the potty.  The whole potty set up is near where the cupboards start, on the other side of the table closest to Daddy.  He knows once he pees, he’ll be released from his potty time, but his cock is too hard, and he can’t pee.  It’s way too many of his deepest fantasies come to life; Daddy making him pee on his potty,
"I keep telling you Cas, the phrase humans prefer is,
“Why is Crowley your lawyer?” Gabriel asks, not standing down.
“It’s Daddy’s responsibility to make sure you don’t touch.  I have some different ways of making sure you can’t touch during the night when I’m not here to watch you.”
Cas responds kissing Dean again, tender this time and it’s unlike any kiss Cas has given him before.  Cas rolls, bringing Dean with him, disrupting the sand.  He arranges Dean so his left leg is across Cas’s pelvis, bent at the knee so Dean’s toes can brush the hair on the calve of Cas’s right leg.  His right torso is nestled against Cas who stares at the sky.  “I like this place, Dean,” he says.
I don't get him though.  I would have kicked me out a long time ago.
“In the timeline
"Sammy?  I have to take care of a few things – please call me if you need me?"
That means something between them.
, Cas."
I managed to forget how much they sting, but I was quickly reminded; one of them might even need stitching.  Fuck I screamed good.  You think someone'd come round to make sure whoever was screaming was okay.  Maybe they did.  I could picture Cas giving them the death glare until they left, but I wouldn't know, I was pretty out of it, focused solely on Cas.
to eat, I ate what Cas got for me as we continued to walk.  I
"—okay, okay I get it.  You don't have to go on and on about it."  I push past him and lay on his stupid 'sex-bed'.
Such a little kid answer.  I yawn.  This game is calming me down too and without the stress to wind me up, I start to drift.  “Sorry kid.  Sorry.  I’m uh, what do you like to do together?”
“He sent me here didn’t he?”
“I didn’t know you wanted to ascend.”
When I'm good and fresh, I dress in the robe left for me (Balthazar's palace is as fancy as he is) and head back to Cas.  "You know Cas, I find it real interesting you've got a bed in your room, since you don't sleep," I say as I wander in, and watch him fiddle with his things.
before he takes me several more times.
I mostly think he does, but it's still something I ask myself now and then even after all these years.  I get Cas, get a lot of his motivations for doing the things he does, being the way he is
Angels seem large and scary to Sam.  How the hell is he gonna get his brother away from angels?
wings back, but if I know Cas and I do, it’s something that will aide a mission to Father along the way.  It feels good to be out on the road again, and I’m sure I’ll have good stories to tell Sammy when we come back.
“I’m lucky that’s all you did.  I thought you were going to rip my face off.”
?” Gabriel says.  Yes, he’s digging at me.
"Prove it.  On your knees, and thank me."
"You wanted to see me, my Lord?" I say.
Father never mentioned it.  He never even uttered the idea that Dean
“You’re welcome, Sammy.  Let’s celebrate.”  We drink more wine, he brings me back to my room and he fucks me without the usual roughness.  I don’t allow myself to get too comfortable, but I do let myself enjoy the softer moments.
We've really only heard from the king.
It’s a lot harder to push past an identity than it sounds.  Today, too many thoughts are whizzing by.  All of them of Lucifer, lots of them about my shame, too many self-loathing.  I practice pushing each one away.  Some are easy, others are hard and take me down yet more trails of thought, which distract me from being no-thing.  It’s an uphill battle, I don’t get far and it’s discouraging.  I practice for an hour, not opening my eyes, staying as immersed as I can.
Dean likes to tell himself he hates Cas for a multitude of reasons, reasons that are true, but the thought of Cas leaving brings it all slamming back that he’s hopelessly in love and dysfunctionally addicted.  Probably as dysfunctionally so as his relationship with his brother.  He gets to his knees and tugs at his pant leg.  Thank God they’re only in Cas’s room and no one will witness this act of desperation, but Dean would have done it anywhere.  “Master, please.  Take me with you.  You know I can behave.”
“They are.  Better than I could have imagined.  So long as Michael doesn’t turn into an evil megalomaniac, I’m cool with him being with my brother.  I fully call off my plans to grab Sammy and take off with him.”
to it – but enjoy the delicious food.  Don't even know what I'm eating, but it's awesome.
I'm confused, but I do.  Out of the pocket of his coat, he pulls out a circular band.  I start to worry.  "Cas, what is that?"
Gabriel holds no shame over it.  “Anywho, you’ll see how that one works.  I think you’re starting to.  It’s a deep submission thing.  The part of you that’s angel will respond too.  It will help guide your fire fiend side.”
I don't answer that, hoping he'll just keep going.  He does, but the next time he lays a stripe down, it's a reprimand.  Ow!  "
"I can't babysit you all the time, Sam."
Daylight's never felt so good, even if I've had no sleep, and my body hurts.  Thank God for adrenaline.  I eat a few of the power bars Cas found for me on his night time adventure, as we walk, and I do okay for a bit, but eventually my body gives out on me, and I'm tripping, and almost falling to break my neck.  Cas is annoyed at my human weaknesses, staring down at me from where I've fallen on the ground.  "You've behaved, I suppose you've earned sleep.  Two hours is all we can spare."
Daddy gets Dean outfitted with a pacifier clip, so he can spit it out of need be and not lose it, and puts the special mitts on.  They are white leather, with little blue squirrels on them, and are oval, which means they cover his fingers, forbidding him any access to using said fingers.  A buckle secures around each wrist, and he won’t be able to get them off without Daddy’s help.  Daddy covers them with a cloth version that have a simple elastic at the wrist.  “So they won’t get dirty,” Daddy explains.
"One.  It will allow you a break from the pain."  I tilt my head studying him.  He doesn't prefer to allow me breaks from pain.  "Don't look at me like that, it's a break, nothing more."
Michael peers at him.  “Why?  Who else has one?”
“So’s Cas.  He’s got his own devious plans.”
“Just memorizing your hotness,” Dean says wiggling his brows, taking a hefty bite of his pizza, teeth sinking heavy into cheese.
First, he removes the mask and Dean gulps breath.  The cool air hitting is sweaty face might be better than sex right now.  “I’ll let you have a break so you can see that I’m not a total asshole.  I’m just doing my job, Major.”
Dean’s sideways keeping tabs on both of them at the same time.  “Sammy, please.  For me.”
My cries morph to moans of pleasure, as the magic lube starts to ease the way, and my body quickly adjusts to him, with a little help from me, pushing back, trying to swallow his cock whole with my ass.  He pushes in and out, as I keep myself spread open for him, and try to grip the railing, which I have to hold onto for dear life due to the force called Cas fucking himself into me over and over.
I’m the only one who’s somewhat able to guide us, but I have no clue where to fucking go.  Frustrated, I grip Sam who shakes and while yeah it fucking kills me feeling him shake like that, I know we’re short on time and I’ve got to get information out of him.  I’m sure Lucifer will figure out we’ve left our prison sooner rather than later.  “Sammy, which way do we go?  C’mon brother, I need you.”
The petting of my penis is nice and with his added angel grace, for a moment I can feel ecstasy.
"Shut up."  Fucking Boydega.
Dean’s incredulous.  Jhaan and Aywin are still here.  “It’s okay, Dean,” Jhaan says.  “We know and it doesn’t bother us.  We’re the older, more mature ones.  We understand it’s only natural for a fire child to hold a special place in his parent’s heart.”
“Sounds wonderful, Cas.”
“During an eclipse, the energies of the Earth go silent, it’s like a resetting.  Think like rebooting a computer.  Things fix within fields when the energies restart, and it’s the perfect time to enter the cracks of a spell, reset it, add or take away what you want from it.  It’s how Lucifer tethered our bond to the spell of the palace.”
Cas shakes his head.  "Not good I'm afraid."
Lucifer smiles at me with a dangerous edge.  "I am going to kill you Sam.  I'm going to kill
Michael’s growing impatient.  “Guys.”
He’s still got his tall General boots on.
When I can tell through the bond he’s long gone and just before Jo is about to leave, I stop her.  “Jo, I know you don’t know me very well and I there’s no reason for you to do anything for me, but I
That night, we stop, so I can get some sleep.  Cas is quick to divest me of my clothes and have his cock in me.  There’s urgency and hungry need in his kisses, in a way that says maybe he was scared today too.  When I’m filled with this glittery angel-come, he wraps his body around me and recites a prayer for us both.  “Dear Father, thank you for keeping Dean safe this day.  We are blessed in your name and humbled by your mercy. Amen.”
Cas doesn’t answer, reaching for the torch on the wall.
So?  Still intrigued?
"Yes.  And you said you'd do anything,
He's right, and when he runs a lone finger down it, it's all the more obvious that I'm turned on by all of this even while genuinely fucking hating it.
Dean pops his soother in his mouth, feeling like a million bucks, and waits patiently for Daddy to come help him.  A good boy is worth all the humiliation.  When Daddy’s done making his bottle, he comes over and tells Dean to stand.  “Just gonna clean you up.”  He spends too much time wiping Dean’s little boy penis with a baby wipe.  Then he helps Dean back into his duck robe.  “I’m very proud of you.  That was a very good job.”
“No idea, but I think Roark left a weak spot.”
Dean takes a breath.  Anger shudders through him.  “Yes, Master.”
Without warning, Lucifer is laying into my skin with a switch.  I try to keep quiet, but he’s unusually brutal and I can’t help crying out into the darkness.  Lucifer usually has reasons when he’s brutal.  Even when it’s not because of me, there’s still a
Yeah, Cas included. Dean knows an opportunity when he sees one.  “You gonna dress me, Daddy?”  Dean’s voice is husky and super manly, rather than the young one he uses when they play.  Dean’s got hardcore Daddy kink all around though, so
All of this is to say, Cas is deliberate with what he calls my discipline, and I know when I sink into the hot bath, it's going to be beautiful relief, preceded with feeling every single place Cas thought to whip me.  I hang my towel, and step into the tub, slipping my left leg in first.  The front and back of it stings, the back more so—that's where the deepest welts are.  I give it some time, as the pain dulls to a light throb, not looking forward to putting the rest of me in the tub, but relishing in the pleasant sensation the heat gives my wounds.
“If I were even that stupid, I’d welcome it, sir.”
Now Cas is interested.  “Lucifer didn’t build this?”
I comply immediately after that, bending over like he asked, baring all my parts for him.  I've some idea of how Cas spanks by this point, so I brace for it, but nothing prepares me.  I don’t even make it one, and I'm jumping out of the way.  Cas is going to murder me, isn't he?  I already know he likes me to be still, and submit to punishment, or whatever he wants to do to me, gracefully. I beat him to the scolding.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I can do better than that.  I’ll be still."  Oh god, he’s going to make me find that fucking hammer isn’t he?
“Am I that obvious?  Yeah.  I came to check on you.  It felt like you were fine, but I had to see you,
He leans back in his chair.  "How'd you get pulled in with the likes of Castiel?"
"I do like making you happy, but here's the problem with that, it will show everyone how weak I am for you.  We can't have that."
“I wish to show you off,” Cas says.  “Lay your head back if you need to, close your eyes.”
When Dean’s eyes adjust, he sees that Cas is glowing.  “Everything’s perfect, Mama.”
That puts a pause on our argument.  All of us can feel the power coming off of Michael and I get it now.  Roark and Jonathan decided on the sea as a hiding place for Michael, because of the energy coming from that area of this world.  Like a giant battery charger, it’s super charged Michael’s grace, with the combination of the immediate bonding with Sammy, Michael’s got more power than an angel probably should ever have.  I can’t help being haunted by Evanora’s prediction that he’ll be the next Lucifer.
Dean writes back inviting them for after the youngling is born, which he has Cas’s permission to do.  They will have a naming ceremony for the baby and his mama will be dying to hold her first grandchild.  The image has Dean swelling with pride.
"He will be, when he sees you.  You are ready for travel."
Okay.  Okay but fine.  He can handle this.  Nothing he hasn’t had before—he’s had much worse.
He takes a breath and doesn’t snark off for once.  He’s too tired.  He wants to play with his new toy.
He releases Dean who spins and drinks in the sight of the tall archangel with the cornflower blue eyes.  He’s all propriety, dressed for a night on the town, not for skulking around a dangerous wooded area.  “I was warned.  I was told there were eyes on this place.”  A lot of good that did him.
Sammy.  "Will you at least tell me when you saw, Sammy?"
Please play with my cock, Luci," I breathe.  "I'm desperate for it."
Dreyous stands to pull Dean into a hug.  His hugs are the best.  Dean clings on trying not to think about how much he’s going to miss him.  “They’re jealous because they know you’re my favorite,” Dreyous tells him.
His bare feet spring him off walls.  The blade tears through angels.  He leaves bodies on the floor behind him.  He has no idea how he’ll get out of Heaven but one problem at a time.  With the rate he’s killing angels maybe he’ll take over Heaven.  God Dean has a nice fucking ring to it and when he’s God it’s dick beatings for everyone—and not the fun kind either.
I’ll have to come back; I want to see him walk through the gate, but I need Michael’s permission first.  Balthazar’s
“You are both.”
They have another lesson in the morning.  This time they both resolutely try not to be attracted to each other, but it’s as inevitable as the birds returning every spring.  They’re hot for the other.  Neither likes it.  They’re both holding off as long as they can.  It’s an unspoken thing that once they do, they’ll be no going back.  On what?  Who knows.  But’s it’s a dangerous point of no return they skate the edge of during their sessions.
Cas squeezes my cock and captures my lips in a kiss at the same time.  When he’s done with me, my voice is hoarse, and I’m sore everywhere, yet I feel content as fuck.
"Aww, Cassy.  C'mon.  You know as well as I do how unreasonable you are."
Dean makes sure he looks away before he winces.  It’s not that he’s ungrateful that Alpha decided to go with the treatment—it was a good suggestion from Levi, it’s helped with his milkings, drastically, he’s lucky Alpha was willing to allow it. But it’s the equivalent to having to go through a grueling workout, to get the desired strength and fitness level you want for battle: going through the training is torture, but you’re thankful come battle day when you can pick up your sword.
Him getting to fuck me has become the given, the thing I want him to do
Dean blushes at the way Cas looks at him and that Gabriel likes his young face so much.
you remove your boots and wipe up the dirt you tracked onto my kitchen floor.”
I somehow manage to keep up to him for the next few hours, he seems in a hurry to get away from the little shack, I am too to be honest, even if I don't know what we're running from, was fucking eerie in there.
But I would do it all again.  I will do it all again.  Fight him, have him bring me to heel.  I'm starting to believe he always will.
when it’s Cas doing the touching.  “Thank you, Master.”  Dean manages to pull himself together by the time Cas’s hand is gone, trying not to show Cas just how much he’s affected, but it’s un-fucking-fair, the damage is done—the arousal swims heavy across his crotch.  Dean might cry.
"Jack," I say in firm tone.  "Be careful what you say about your father."
"I'll take my chances."
“You need a firm hand.  He didn’t sound hard enough for you.”
"There are blankets up here," he says coming up to show me around.  "Light ones.  You can take your boots off and be barefoot.  Like the boots by the way."
When they reach Dean’s next moon cycle, Dean knows it will work—he couldn’t be more in love with Cas and he now understands Cas’s displays of love for him.  Even with Cas behind him, fucking into him, like horses do, he can pick up on Cas’s love for him.  “Remember, no coming and no enjoyment, think of other things,” Cas reminds him.
cock?
He’s asking questions like that for our bond, I can tell, like he did earlier.  Obeying the rules helps me, as much as him making them and holding me accountable helps his side of the bond.  When we strengthen the bond, we both get stronger.  These acts feed it. “Yes, sir.  I tried to sleep but couldn’t.”
“I do, but some things are better in conversation.”
My eyes look for these things first, what he looks like now, avoiding everything I can feel, even from way down here and this far off from him.
Dean glares murder at Cas.
“Really?”  Dammit.  I’m excited.  It’s hard to say what he’s up to with this one, because he is up to something, but I don’t care.  I want to do it.
I've held on so long, hoping Dean would come.  Of course I attempted many escapes myself, but Lucifer figured out quickly that when I have to watch innocent people die, I do almost anything he says.  Bonding with him one of the few exceptions.  It isn't just about me if I do.  It's about the what's left of the human race.
“Mind melding?  Bout of amnesia?  All kinds of things, Cas.  Watch a soap opera.”
“Actually, she’s quite attractive.”
But shit, Dean forgot his crown, running around, making sure all the cogs ran smoothly.  He’s about to run back to their room to grab it, but Cas beckons him over.  Omegas don’t refuse their alphas, so he heads over, Cas gestures for him to sit in his lap.  Cas situates Dean so he’s facing toward the crowd of people who are eating and drinking; Dean’s about to become their entertainment.  Cas nuzzles into Dean’s neck, nipping at the mating bite where neck meets shoulder; Dean can smell the faint tang of alcohol on his breath.  “You have done well, Nazaneen.”
I'm afraid of what will happen to me while he's gone, I'm afraid of what will happen to me when he gets back; I don't know which I'm afraid of more.  But in between those two points in time, is right now, and I find peace in his arms, my body curled into his, breathing air, being touched with adoration, and need.
“Yes.”
, chicken, bread and more.  There are even refreshments, including alcoholic ones, which I don’t even consider. That’s a no, go with Cas.  Just because Cas isn’t here, doesn’t mean his rules don’t apply.  I even make sure to say my prayers, which Sammy cocks a brow at.  “Cas’s rules,” I explain.
It's amazing how long the guy can hold a grudge.  "You don't behave.  Why can't you just behave, and obey me, without driving me to discipline you, so often?"
“Do it now, Sam.”
By sheer will of force, Dean staves off his impending orgasm.  Cas doesn’t slow down.  He takes Dean.  Owns him.  Takes up all the space in Dean’s world.  When Cas comes, he lets go in the way Dean now knows he only does in these moments with him.
Cas’s hand tightens on my wrist.  “You’re lucky I know you likely have some ulterior, if ridiculous meaning to that, or I would give you a sound hiding to remind you that you are mine.”
“Yeah, how did you know?”
“If you try to leave, you’ll find the door is sealed.”
He can’t bring himself to let go of either.  “You two have to get along.  You’re going to have to find a way to accept me sharing you or I will find someone else.”  Sam doubts he’ll be able to find someone else.  Not from lack of supply—already, many demons and humans want to find their way into his bed—but Sam has no desire.  Dagon doesn’t know this.
Uh, neat-o…?  But does Cas agree with that?  Cas is still.  He’s watching.  Dean can’t tell and he’d better not have to deal with a wrathful Cas over this.  He plays it safe.  “What happens now?”
No Gabriel can’t fly to Lucifer’s palace.  Of course, it’s not that easy, nothing ever is.  Without a way to get to the other dimension, we do what we always do: Walk.  There’s comfort in it.  I’m used to walking.  It’s a silent and contemplative time, especially when you’re walking companion is an angel who doesn’t say much.
“This is fucking awesome.”  Dean spins, grabbing his face.  Landing a kiss.  Paris grips Dean’s waist, pulling him closer rubbing his cock against him.
“Yes.”  That surprises the fuck out of Dean.
to tell him.  If he finds out on his own, it will be worse.”
he yanks Dean across his knees and flips his kilt up.  His bare ass in the air ready for a … would it be a fire spanking?  Whatever it is, that’s how it feels when Dreyous’s hand smacks down.  It’s worse than any he’s had so far because it’s laced with disappointment from the man who’s more often proud of him than not.
By this point, my bruised knees hurt, and my body aches from being in this position for so long.  Despite the cool air that was helping keep me awake before, I'm now in serious danger of nodding off.  To the point I'm praying for a demon to come in to attack me, just to wake me up some.
“Aren’t you glad it’s not for little boys then?” Daddy says.
“Such a fucking romantic.”
Besides, it’s a perfectly normal thing someone should be able to do.  I feel like a defect not being able to serve in such a simple way.  Isn’t that what’s supposed to happen now?  I serve him?
Dean moves his leg at the same time he looks to the door.
.  The problem with the vase was, it’s worth a mint, made of solid gold, be speckled with diamonds.  It was worth so much, even their massive donations and contributions to the
I must say, we are treated respectably.  Not according to Cas, of course, who expects every kind of creature to bow at his feet, but they aren't dicks to us, which, can't say the same for most of the angels I've encountered.  I mean, sure the fairies locked us up in a dungeon, but it was nice far as dungeons go, and I get it, they were just trying to protect themselves.  The only part I don't like is this me marrying the prince business.
___________________
“You do, which is why I called you slave versus prisoner.  Now are you going to cooperate?  You’re outpowered here, buddy.”
I crack a smile.  "I'm gonna find a dragon Cas, or better yet, a giant horse with wings.  Hey are Hippogriffs actually a thing?"
"I didn't know that part of it, okay?"
Before I know what’s going on, Jack and I are in a building somewhere.  “Kid, what did you do?” I whisper.
That seals the deal.  Dean can’t resist Cas’s desires any more than he can Mom’s chocolate pudding pie.  He allows himself the freedom to let the neediness run through him, his cock burns with pleasure and he’s giving off so much scent, he doesn’t know how Cas is able to keep himself from bending Dean over the table.  Cas’s strokes are slow, in a simple up, down motion, but Dean’s barely able to contain himself, pushing at Cas’s thighs, muffling his own moans by biting his lip.
