“Can I come visit Lucky?” Benni asked, his voice quivering ever so slightly.
They had chatted a little more before sleeping last night but Clint hadn’t brought up the topic of escaping again, figuring that Tony would need more time to ease him into the idea.
would be safer with someone else. At least
“I’m sick of feeling cold,” Tony said to himself.
He huffed a laugh.
“Silence it is,” Clint said, lifting his glass as if to offer a toast. He drank some more and then rested it on his thigh, lifting his other arm to gently drape around Tony’s shoulders. He watched the fire too, listening to the soothing crackle.
“I’m not going anywhere, love. I just want you comfortable,” Steve said softly, moving closer to Tony, soothingly massaging the hand he held, hitting pressure points that he knew of in hopes of relaxing him. “You’ve got nothing to apologize for, you’ve been through something unimaginably difficult. This is natural and I’m here for you. Whatever you do or don’t need.”
wanted. He wanted to kiss him as they turned slowly in the dimly lit room. He wanted to hug Tony tight and tell him he would always be there for him.
“Romanov, Rogers, long time no speak, as the Americans say. How are you?” he asked casually as though they were old pals arranging a lunch date. Steve and James said nothing. “Hm, not well? That’s too bad. I think I have something you want.”
“Who throws things at a window to catch someone’s attention? Couldn’t you just talk to her?”
“He may never love you back that way.”
really
The sigh of relief that went around the group of people in the waiting room was like a drug. Everyone instantly relaxed, some closing their eyes, others sagging so far into their chairs they almost slid right out.
“What if I don’t want to tell you?” He asked. Not because he wanted to keep secrets but because Steve had enough on his mind as it was and he didn’t need additional worries.
” Tony could see the confusion but gave him a moment to ask if he wanted to.
Tony leaned into the warm touch and sighed happily. Couldn’t he stay like that? It was easier than so much of Tony’s pain.
—Steve had no preference but was willing to do whatever he wanted.
“Just yourself is fine.”
“Good,” Rhodey said, his expression clearing and frown lines disappearing. “Did you need something?”
“I’d like a nurse, but I’ve already got two people checking me out,” Steve joked, laughing. Maybe he had pressed that button too many times in preparation for his trek across the hall.
Tony and James exchanged a look and Tony went to hold Steve’s door open while James supported Steve back to his room, saying something in Russian to his men.
“Oh. Nothing’s on fire?”
“Says he has proof,” Dugan said. “That if I do anythin’ to him, someone else will make that proof public.”
“You find anything?” Bucky asked when Steve wandered back in.
end in him getting another fist to the face, he would take it.
“On his way. Dmitri went to get him,” Tony said. Steve nodded slowly and pointed to the little button on his IV that would release more morphine. Sarah pushed it twice and Steve relaxed, leaning his head back and closing his eyes.
Steve shook his head to dislodge the unwelcome and needlessly loud thought, instead nuzzling his nose into Tony’s hair.
Tony scoffed and shook his head. “I see. And what happens to anyone who sees or knows?” He thought about his question for a second. “I always liked books. Mom used to read me a lot. We used to go to the library all the time.”
: Tony Stark
“Morning all and, oh, uh, also morning to this
Now with the documents received, travel plans booked, and business attended to, they could start packing. It was nearing the end of spring but Steve assured Tony that that didn’t mean there wouldn’t be a few chilly days and nights. Summers there and summers in New York were not compatible in the slightest.
“Steve, obviously,” Benni laughed and Tony froze. Was Steve his big brother now? Was that how Steve saw him? As a little brother who came with an additional even younger little brother? Was that what they were? Why Steve was so comfortable around Tony? Why he wanted to talk to him? Help him?
“Save it for another day then. Go.” James stood without a second’s hesitation and turned to Steve, giving him a long, knowing look. Steve sighed and pulled out a piece of paper from his waistcoat pocket. “This is for you. A dinner invite.”
“Yes, of course.” He took his brother’s hand and headed for the exit. Quickly he bought a few chocolate covered strawberries and then they made their way back to Brooklyn.
“Well,” Clint began, his eyes closed until the room stopped spinning so fast, “I was alone in my last room. They didn’t even ask me if I wanted a roommate. Thought I would ask you.” He turned to look at him, wondering when—if—they would bring food.
“This is good,” Steve said, holding up one of the documents. They had to call in Vitaly because a lot of the information was written in Mandarin and, for a reason James could not fathom, Vitaly spoke Mandarin. At least he was finally less boring.
“No, this is perfect. If you need to work, work. I’ll just enjoy my lunch,” he told him, sipping his coffee, still wearing his hat. When the brim covered his eyes from view as he sipped, he scanned the room, looking up again a second later and observing Tony. He couldn’t help but notice the way he held himself, like he was sore all over and trying so hard not to show it. “If you’re not that busy, however, join me.”
wanted to talk to Tony. “Keep… talkin’.”
“You’re young, there’s time,” James said, and then added, gesturing to Tony’s face, “besides, I can’t imagine too many people would say no.” James used the word ‘people’ instead of ‘bird’ on purpose and it only irritated Steve more. That man had a way of subtly but successfully annoying Steve.
“Yes, Cap.”
“For you? Definitely.”
to, Cap. Let us.” Steve gave him a look but Jones waved it away with a laugh. “You don’t scare me, Cap. I just pretend you do for the sake of the underlings.” Steve couldn’t help his grin. Jones turned to leave and then said, “oh and I heard from Dugan about you and the lad. You scare me even less now.”
“We weren’t told you were coming,” one of the men outside said and Tony shook his head.
“He’s a gentle giant, I promise you,” Clint said, taking Tony’s hand and guiding it to the top of Lucky’s head but well away from his mouth. Lucky closed his eye, content with the affection. He moved to settle his bottom on Tony’s foot. “He likes you.”
Steve closed his hand around Tony’s and scooted closer until he had Tony right up against him, still holding his hand. He reached with his free hand and put it around Tony’s shoulders, pulling him into his side. “This okay?” he asked, not holding him tightly so Tony could move away if he wanted or needed.
Tony sipped his coffee while Bruce made a face at him and went back to the office where he was working on the circuitry of individual car parts for a total restoration they were doing.
“Well, people who brush off waking up in a strangers’ apartment with an ‘oops’ don’t really seem like much else would faze them,” he said, thankful for the save his brain supplied. His original reason was
“You’re one of us now,
Tony looked at the money and then back to Mr Rogers. “Sir, that’s too much.” It didn’t feel good to talk back to him but it was a lot of money. More than Tony had ever been given to spend for himself.
“While I can’t wait for that to happen, I’d rather have you take care of yourself. Are you getting enough rest? Don’t make me worry about you.” He closed his eyes and imagined Steve in front of him. What he would give to be in front of him.
“We’re on clean up,” James said, squeezing Clint’s hand under the table.
Clint’s words made him smile. “I’m glad that you were there and still are.” He washed his hands and gave Clint a bowl of potatoes to cut. “These please. Is there anything you don’t like to eat? And what do you like especially? Apple pie is one of Steve’s favorites and I figured it would be nice.”
Steve warmed at that and then almost immediately let out another sigh, running his hands through his hair. “I can’t imagine you had a lot of good things to say about me.”
“None? Whatsoever?”
Clint didn’t like to open up and talk about his feelings. James had noticed that this applied to both positive and negative emotions. Clint just wasn’t very open about them. He liked to mask how he felt with a joke and a smile, any attempt to distract really but he was quite fond of humor.
Steve chuckled. “You just said the same thing twice. James being an asshole and James speaking his mind, there’s no difference.” But it didn’t take long for the mood to drop. He didn’t want to die and leave Tony with unanswered questions or doubts but Tony didn’t want to talk about it so Steve dropped it. “Okay,” he said, pulling Tony into his arms.
Steve took Tony’s hand and nodded. “The man behind it all, we have him. James and I have… unfinished business with him but we’re all safe. It’s over,” Steve promised.
going to stop Clint? Nope.
“You can understand, I’m sure, that I’m a bit weary of everyone at the moment.”
“You’re my hero. I would have gone
Clint didn’t respond much but when James paused for too long, he would gently squeeze his fingers and James would find a new topic and go off on a tangent.
When dinner was over, they talked for a minute, no more, and then Steve had Tony pressed against his bedroom wall. Sarah had knowingly said she’d stay downstairs with Benni and read a couple more hours and take care of the boy.
He looked over at Tony, checking that he was okay and wondering if any noises had been made.
James swallowed, his heart racing because what horrors was he about to hear? He took the phone from Dmitri and held it to his ear.
Steve got up to speak to the nurses about his end of the bargain. They provided a chair for Tony to sit on, brought a fresh set of hospital clothes and some towels. It all looked like they would wash him, which scared Tony more than he would admit. He gave Steve a pleading look and Steve dismissed the nurses, saying he would help Tony.
“As if. You’re going to have a blast. Everyone will only have eyes for you. Do you have your four things already? What was it? Something yellow, old, new, and stolen?” He leaned back in his chair, proud of himself to have made her crack a smile.
Steve woke more peacefully than he had in months. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had been able to sleep a solid…
“Where are you going?”
“Every day she becomes more and more like you and Okoye,” he said, lifting the six-year-old up and spinning in his chair. She giggled and kicked her skinny little legs. He put her back down and she kissed his cheek, sliding back down to the floor and going over to her mom.
James opened it up while Steve watched. He grinned. “‘Dear Jimmy’,” he read. “I’ll be there.”
“Since you were been born in July, I assume you prefer the warmth?” Tony shifted and made himself more comfortable on the couch next to Steve, turning his body so he could look at him easier. When Steve looked at him in confusion, Tony continued: “In Italian we say the—
The girl stood halfway behind Natasha, clinging tightly to her hand and leg and then she realized who it was and moved out further, sending Steve a bright smile with her front teeth all missing.
He left the store and saw Pepper chatting away with one of her friends who came to visit her every now and then.
+  ~  +
He wouldn’t ask him that. It wouldn’t be very wise of him. Instead he nodded at James, gave him a polite smile and said “Thank you. Once again.”
Clint laughed. “Is that even a question? Lombardi’s.”
he yelled in Italian, kicking the bed, waking his brother immediately and the boy looked at him in sheer panic. “
,” Benni mumbled, his voice even lower. Tony crouched down and opened his arms and Benni came rushing to hug his brother, gently rubbing his back.
Despite his sprinting thoughts, he steeled himself and knocked on the door. It swung open and before Tony could even take in all six feet of Steve Rogers, he was hit with a smell so delicious his mouth instantly watered and he realized that while worrying about his date, he’d forgotten to have lunch.
She said something under her breath in Irish and it sounded very angry, Benni thought. She stood and told Benni to wait a moment while she grabbed her son. She marched up the stairs, only glancing at Tony’s room, and continuing on. She knew Tony still had a lot he was processing and not that Steve didn’t but he hadn’t eaten all day. As happy as she was that he was sleeping, he needed to eat and socialize too.
“I had an eavesdropper,” James answered. “Didn’t want to give away the surprise. I’m looking at watches but Monet has the rings for you over there.”
“I-I’m—oh god, I’m so sorry!” He quickly crouched down and started collecting the shards, not noticing that he was cutting his hands as he formed a fist around them.
Tony went back downstairs and shortly after him Steve came in. His hair was perfectly styled and even though he was in casual clothes, he looked neat. There was no evidence of his sleepy, snoring, ruffled-hair self left.
“Rude, but true. Just tell me. Single? Straight? Recovering from the tragic death of the love of his life and emotionally closed off, just waiting for the perfect guy to come along and mend his broken, muscled heart?”
yeah *heavy sigh* sorry for the delay - im95notdead
“Maybe just a bit. What on earth is this and can I get it as a cologne?” Tony joked.
“I’m sure James can arrange things but on your first day after a concussion it wouldn’t be a good idea.” He leaned against the bed and shrugged. “I’m okay. He’s lying there and I’ll be there when he wakes up.”
He heard a door slam and looked up. It was nearby which meant they would come for him any second now. Tony pressed a kiss to the metal and put it under the cot in a way that kept it out of plain sight. Steve would be looking. He would find it. He would know that Tony was waiting for him.
“I see. And OFI?”
Benni visited every now and then but he didn’t like seeing Tony in a hospital bed, which was understandable. James checked in from time to time, especially when he was free and Steve was not. Dugan had even bought him a little teddy bear with the word ‘brave’ on its tiny white t-shirt.
Clint and Tony’s friendship grew more as well and they found that the sleepless nights started to become less frequent. They weren’t gone and they both knew and accepted that that never would be the case but they were grateful for improvement no matter how small.
“Why don’t you guys go to the living room too? It will be more comfortable for your leg anyways. I’ll bring you your pie and sides. Would you prefer tea or alcohol?” Tony said.
Steve studied his face in the faint morning light. There was not a lot more for him to notice than he already had. He’d taken plenty of opportunities to carefully examine his features. His dark lashes that perfectly framed his eyes, his soft pouty lips, his dark slightly curly hair and that smile. That smile that made Steve’s heart skip a beat.
“That man will never lay a hand on you again, you hear me? Neither of them, or me for that matter, will let that happen.”
“Really?” Steve asked, excited like a small child became when told they were going to get the thing they loved. “Tony.” He kissed him again. “I’ve wanted this for so long…
James hummed, nodding slowly and taking the Patek back into his hands to turn over slowly. He turned to Monet. “I’ll take this one. I’d like to engrave it as well.”
Steve thought for a moment, grabbing more soap. He was trying to decide which portion to tackle first—the need for tactile affection in life or the more recent trauma. He decided to go in that order. “When was the last time you got a hug like that?” He asked, his voice quiet, his tone very neutral.
. God, I hate that guy.”
Last year around this time, Tony had found peace with the idea that he would die soon; that he wouldn’t live to turn twenty. Now he wasn’t ready to let go. There was still some fight left in him and he would be damned if he gave up just like this.
He could tell Clint was listening even if he was only getting a few words here and there. James was no beginner at handling Clint’s low moods. He never belittled Clint’s feelings and did his best to not make him feel like he was more trouble than he was worth. He definitely was not.
They were loud coming up the stairs, teasing each other and laughing at their stupid remarks, their arms slung around each other. Steve’s was around James’ shoulders and James had his around Steve’s waist.
“Yeah, they're
“Parker? No, he called bright and early this morning and said, and I quote, ‘please Miss Potts tell Mr Stark I can’t work today I’ve got algebra.’” When she finished the sentence, she looked up at Tony with an amused smile. “He’s adorable, Tony, really.”
“Loving the bed hair,” Clint said, grinning. James’ hair was a lot less neat and tidy than it usually was in front of guests, a particularly curly piece hanging down on his forehead. “Have a nice nap, sweetheart?”
Steve took a half step back and then paused, unsure and then uncaring. He moved forward to press a kiss to Tony’s cheek, soft and delicate as anything. Tony wasn’t expecting such tenderness and it showed when Steve pulled away and was met with a pleasantly surprised expression.
“You wanna elaborate,” Steve asked, taking a bite of his sandwich, “or am I supposed to guess?”
Clint chuckled. “It’s my fault. I snuck up on him and then actually touched him when he was stressed. He dropped the knife before I kissed him.”
“I…” He was so confused. “Tony,” he finally decided on after much thought, “when James was here and you saw us together… he told me he’s still in love with me,” he explained, slowly, wanting Tony to get every word so he understood why Steve was startled by him asking those questions. “He left and you haven’t seen him since because I didn’t return the feeling. Because I’m in love with someone else and he knew it. He knew it before I did, I think.” He was watching Tony, waiting for a reaction, still holding his hand.
“Figured since the boyo’s not bringing you sandwiches anymore I might take his place every now and then.” She looked around. “Where is he?”
“No, Tony, I have to. I don’t want to, I don’t, but I have to. I have to plan ahead for whatever happens. I need to know you’re taken care of.” There were tears in Steve’s eyes and he didn’t understand why Tony was no longer holding his hand. He swallowed back the tears, his voice breaking. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m sorry. You came to comfort me and I can’t get out of my head long enough to let you do that.” He was reaching for Tony’s hands in the same way he had reached out for the hug in the study the night he played the piano, desperate for Tony’s touch.
“If the boss man says so…” he gave back with a small smile. He wanted to help them but then again, he’d be gone for weeks. Before all of this he had cleaned up the books, so it should be easy for them to keep them organized. That was his only consolation. “I’d like it more if you told me more about the place where we’ll be staying?” It was worth a shot, right?
“No,” James disagreed, smiling but it was sad. He dragged his thumb across the delicate skin underneath Clint’s eye and a single tear fell down. James quickly wiped it away and Clint’s gaze moved away from James’ face and to the wall. “I could be better. But that’s a discussion for another time. We have dinner now. Natalia and Maria will be here any minute now.”
. “No, not until I get an explanation.”
Tony dreamt of Howard, the night on which he had been so scared for his life, saying goodbye to his brother. The dream shifted and he saw Steve who held him securely against his chest, making Tony look smaller than he was. And then he heard his sister call his name and wave at him. He knew it was a dream because she was laughing and smiling, which she rarely ever did. Behind her was their mother, her hands resting on Daniella’s shoulders. Her mouth opened and she was saying something, but before the words could reach Tony, he woke up.
look at me.” Patiently he waited for Steve to look at him, which took longer than he expected, and smiled softly at him. “Talk to me, hm?” He moved his hand to Steve’s face and gently caressed his cheek.
“Quick, run in there and call Cap,” he told the other guy he was with. “You come with me. I’ll keep ya safe,” he told him, pulling him in the direction of Cap’s building. He took his scarf off and wrapped it around the young kid.
“Uh, yes, but, um, of a personal matter.”
In the room next door, James let Natalia have some time with Clint, watching with a fond smile as she climbed into the bed with him and curled up. James went to check in with Dmitri who was taking turns with Dugan to check on their prisoner and make sure he didn’t bleed out before they could get to him.
“That’s it?”
“Odinson. I don’t trust either of the others with the responsibility.”
“Anything for mama Rogers,” he said, turning to acknowledge her and Steve did too, love on his face for his mother.
“They’re fine. Minor wounds. They’re across the hall.” Steve sighed in relief.
“Alright,” he took Steve’s hand and walked with him downstairs, only letting go before they reached the kitchen. The table was set and Sarah was serving everyone already before they had even reached the dining table.
Tony lifted the phone and Steve took it. “Hey there, Rhodes.”
“Hungry,” Clint said truthfully and she chuckled.
Mr Delmonico—and honestly Clint was having a hard time holding back his own grin now at the way James had so casually rejected
Steve closed off, not wanting to let it show how much Tony’s words had affected him. If he wanted to leave one day, he wanted him to feel like he could do so without anything holding him back. “Well, it’s not like I’m limited in my options,” he finally said, standing and grabbing his jacket. “I’ll be back in a bit. You don’t have to keep that jacket on if you’re uncomfortable.”
Tony stopped drying the glass and turned to look at Steve, who simply continued to wash the dishes. “Well… You guys were in the war. That’s different,” he said, shaking his head again.
about her being the one to look after their boy.
Clint let out another sigh, leaning back as he pondered the situation and grabbing a piece of the warm bread James had just laid on the table in front of him.
Tony couldn’t stand seeing Clint this hurt and silent. Maybe it was just him and he was completely wrong but he felt like he could see through Clint. He forced himself up and went to sit next to Clint, dragging the tray as close to the mattress as he could. Most important was water. He knew that his stomach was empty and his body would need food sooner or later, it was just that he didn’t feel like eating. He filled the glasses and handed Clint the first one, clinking their glasses together.
Steve moved closer to Tony, until their knees bumped one another’s. He looked up at him, his hands still covered by Tony’s. The corner of his mouth quirked up into a sad smile. “Remember what I said about everyone needing hugs?”
Steve didn’t respond, he couldn’t. Everything hurt too much and he didn’t believe him. Every time a sobbed tried to break free, he felt the burning tug of his destroyed stitches and it only made him want to cry more. Not because of the pain but the reminder of why he had the wounds in the first place.
Sarah and Tony had cleared the table to an extent when she looked over her shoulder again.
he said and fixed Benni’s messy hair, stroking his chubby cheeks and kissing his forehead.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that. He knew they were close but he didn’t know that the two of them were especially close. “Yeah,” he answered. “But I can get you something to eat if you’d like. Or drink. Or both?” Despite what he said, he held on to Steve’s hand tightly.
Tony stood near Steve, as he always did since he couldn’t stand to be away from him for even a short amount of time. Plus, he found that he fit into his side perfect like they were made for each other.
,” Bucky added in the same tone of voice.
,” James said, kissing Sarah’s cheek and she kissed his back. She lifted her eyebrows, asking him a silent question and he nodded. She made an impressed face and he chuckled.
“Of course I want to be with him. He’s given me every chance to start over anywhere I want to.” He looked at her, confused and worried about where this was coming from. “I don’t want to be anywhere else or be with anyone else.”
Steve relaxed slightly and nodded at her, handing his hat to Dugan who already had his hand outstretched for it. Dugan and Dmitri fell back to stand along the back wall by the door, the only way in or out, and chatted quietly. Steve made his way over to James.
“And you know workin’ for me is still completely optional, right?” His eyes did a quick sweep of Tony and his heart thudded once, loudly, in his chest. Why was he doing this to himself? Maybe it was the exhaustion or the alcohol. Maybe he needed
When Steve woke up he was disoriented for all of two minutes before remembering where he was and how he got there. He sat up, his head pounding and checked for Tony who was already gone. He grabbed his things from where Tony must’ve laid them on the couch.
Before he met Clint, James was sure he knew all the things he hated most in life. He hated socializing with strangers—especially when the need arose to put up a pretense of caring about what the other person was saying—and he hated being the last to know something, especially when it was important or impacted him directly. He hated snow and rain and just being wet in general unless he was inside, warm, and away from it all. And he hated a few other random, trivial things like any other person does.
The next morning Tony and Clint ate their food in silence like they usually did. Clint ate silently to focus on not eating too fast and Tony because he didn’t want Clint reading his lips while he had a mouthful of food. Besides, he had been raised better than to talk with a mouthful and Sarah certainly reinforced that rule at the table nowadays as well.
He grabbed three muffins and pulled out a kitchen chair, pushing it back in a second later and going to the living room instead for more comfortable seating.
“It’s okay,” he told her, turning and taking her hands. “I told him. It’s like I expected but at least now he knows. Thank you.” He kissed both her cheeks and told her he would see her later.
“Please, whatever you want.”
“Ah, I see. That’s quite kind of you all.”
Steve tugged down his underwear and tossed them to the floor next, pushing Tony’s legs apart and taking a moment to admire the beauty before him from head to toe. He dipped his head again, teasing, kissing around and below and then direct contact and Tony seemed to like that. Steve chuckled, moving back briefly to remove his own trousers, reaching down to give himself a little love.
“Because we’re done growing and you’re not,” Tony answered simply while drying the dishes. Steve had taken over for him and didn’t leave Benni’s side. “You can stay with us tonight, if you want,” he said, knowing very well that the boy would be asleep within minutes once they settled in the living room.
Tony had thought a lot about this, had been impatiently waiting to get rid of the bandages. Yes, because he couldn’t use his left arm but also because of this. “I have been cleared to use it. There’s no pain. At least not in my arm.” Tony looked back at James. He wanted to ask him why he was there. Why he cared. Simply
After some time spent admiring his handsome fella and pondering their life together so far, Tony got up to get a glass of water and his book. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to sleep now with all these thoughts in his head.
Steve was confused though. So Tony knew he liked fellas before now? Or it wasn’t until he developed feelings for one that he knew? Or… “Probably,” he said, in answer to the last thing he said, “mine saw it in me. So… you like both then?”
“But it is mine to take,” James snapped. “I should’ve told you about Bakuto when I first heard about him. I shouldn’t have let Clint go out without me by his side, I shouldn’t have bothered Clint at all!” James whisper-hissed and Steve was surprised to say the least.
Eating a meal in a diner of all places in the middle of the afternoon with his partner and a man he could comfortably think of as family was not something James had seen in his future before he met Clint. The idea of retirement appealed more and more as the days went on.
want to do,” Steve told him, still wreaking havoc on Tony’s neck with his lips, teeth and tongue.
“Not only do you choose to be a disgrace to humanity but you choose to do so with an invalid? Just sad, Romanov,” Bakuto spat.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Is this hell on earth not reason enough?”
James chuckled.
“Has that always been the case or did you change things after you took over?” Steve asked, finishing the last of his wine and within a few seconds the waitress was back at his table to refill it.
“I was looking forward to meeting you. Cooking a big festive meal with Sarah for guests—I was so excited.” He thought about eating something too but he couldn’t bring himself to do so. He wanted proper food, a nice cup of tea afterwards. He wanted to brush his teeth, put on his soft pyjamas and let Steve hold him.
He had theories but that didn’t mean he wanted to be right. He wanted to be very, very wrong. He wanted this target on his and Steve’s back to be some cocky amateur.
Tony waited for James to leave the room before he decided to play along and leaned in to bite the orange. How was he supposed to resist Steve when he hadn’t been able to kiss him for weeks?
“Yeah, but you made me ride the cyclone and you knew I didn’t want to. Plus I’d just eaten about four hot dogs. That was bad judgment on your part.”
“You could have also just woken me. Or pulled me aside any time of the day,” Tony said softly, completely judgement free just saying words. “You know exactly where I am and it was you who told me not to isolate myself.” He moved to run his fingers through Steve’s soft hair. “Give in, Steve. I know you’re not tired and you hate sleeping, but do it for me,” he whispered.
He leaned into the warm touch and smiled softly. It was foolish of him to think that this day would never come. Steve would be fine and in no time at all they would be home together again.
Steve let out a deep sigh. “It wouldn’t, uh, it wouldn’t ruin this if you thought tonight was boring, you know? I’d rather you be honest with me than spare my feelings.”
They passed many cases of beautiful rings and necklaces and earrings. There was another case of wristwatches and Steve knew that the pocket watch he liked had long since fallen out of fashion but he also did not like wristwatches. One of these days he would get into the more modern look but that day was not today.
Clint waved away his worry. “Nah, not really. Never really celebrated it growing up. My father always drank away whatever money my mom managed to save up for presents. Mostly we’d just spend the day at church. He wouldn’t set foot in the place; it was our one safe space away from him,” Clint said and James listened closely because Clint did not often talk about his childhood.
Steve moved to stand behind the man, putting a hand on either side of his shoulders to hold him firmly in place. The man flinched and Steve felt his heartbeat speed up.
“Morning,” he greeted him with the smallest smile. He was scared of giving away how he felt. “Steve?” He asked while he still felt emotionally strong enough. “Can we talk later? About... what I did?” He didn’t dare to put it into words. The pride he had felt about having done it was gone. Something else filled that space in Tony’s heart and it didn’t feel good at all.
Benni cried silently against Tony’s shoulder and there was nothing Tony could say to make it better. Maybe he just needed to get it out. Like he did the other day. Though for him there were different reasons. At one point the door opened slowly and Sarah looked at Tony still holding Benni and gently rocking him in his arms.
By the time Tony came back with the drinks, James was talking furiously with two people in white coats—the head surgeon and Steve’s usual doctor. He was angry and speaking too fast for Sarah to catch it. Her Russian wasn’t as good as Steve’s.
He took off the necklace with the dog tags but hesitated. This was all he had of Steve. It was all he had left to focus on. What would he do without it?
“Alright,” he conceded with a small nod. He pulled away to look at Steve, making sure that he was truly unharmed. He looked tired, maybe thinner, but he was unharmed.
Luckily Benni wasn’t awake yet when Tony entered his room to wake the boy and get him ready as well. He knew that Benni was capable of taking care of himself but he also wanted to make sure the boy knew that Tony was still always there for him.
“I’d love to see it,” Tony mumbled, closing his eyes and imagining the cottage and what it would look like in person. “That’s something I regretted. I always wanted to spend time with you far away. Just you and me. Did you know James has a house in France?”
“We’ll make him a map,” James said, coming back into the room to sit beside Clint, offering him a baked good from the kitchen and then lifting Clint’s left leg to rest and elevate it over his as if it was second nature to him. He intertwined their fingers as he drank his water.
Calmed slightly, he looked around the shop. “And why isn’t he here today?”
Clint popped them in his mouth and swallowed, washing them down with water. He turned back to Benni and then to Tony who sat back down.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Clint said, positively beaming with how happy he was to see him.
“Do you ever get out of this town? Take a trip with your mom?” Tony refilled his cup and then turned back to look at Steve. The idea of them going away somewhere nice was rather tempting if he was completely honest. They both had been through a lot these past months. Even though Tony wouldn’t quite admit to it and whenever he thought about it, he tended to hide his left hand that was still scarred from the burns Howard had inflicted on him.
Steve felt awful. Like he needed a bath but the idea of getting out of his bed ever again was repulsive to him. Or he was just repulsive?
“So are you,
Tony listened closely to Steve’s words. “I can’t imagine liking rain. But the way you put it, it sounds beautiful.” He smiled. “What else? Is it true that there are pubs at every corner? And everyone likes to drink?”
“Steve!” He cupped Steve’s face between his hands, taking a moment. “You gave me all the money I could ever need for a fresh start. You’ve asked me so many times if I wanted to go somewhere else to start over. No matter how many times you ask me or how much money you give me, I will not leave you unless you ask me to.”
hot.”
“Exist,” Steve responded wearily.
Tony rested a hand on Steve’s chest carefully. He didn’t think the mood would shift so suddenly. “Steve,
“You know,
Steve sat in the backseat, drumming his fingers on his thigh. He knew this wasn’t the brightest idea he had had in his twenty-eight years of living but he couldn’t stand the fact that James was obviously keeping this from him and he couldn’t see any reason why he should. If he could sit on that couch and tell Steve intimate details about their time apart, this shouldn’t have even been an issue.
“Aw come on,” Steve whined playfully and then added, “oh so you’re just gonna stop kissing me and then say something to make me wanna kiss ya more? Ya absolute tease. I love you too, Tony.” He reached out for him. “One more. A small one?” He puckered his lips.
“I hope they are. I really don’t want Tony going through this alone.”
he whispered in Italian and Benni grinned at him. It was a game Tony had made up to keep Benni quiet when Howard was passed out and shouldn’t be woken. At least it served another purpose now.
The deli was closed until further notice. Howard Stark was… being kept in an undisclosed location. Steve visited often, much to Howard’s misfortune. Benni was in the best and safest hands Steve knew of—Sarah Rogers’, at Steve’s home. He seemed to be enjoying himself and Sarah certainly loved having a little boy around again.
Steve’s eyebrows raised at the suggestion. “Really?”
Clint and Tony knew the basics of the trips but Steve and James left out details to surprise them with. Nothing that might backfire, just simple luxuries and safeties that they both would enjoy.
“Ev’ry week you look a wee bit better,” Pepper said and hugged Tony once the kids were off to play tag.
With the fire extinguished and the police and OFI on the scene, Firehouse 616 packed up and headed back, quickly shedding their turnout gear and collapsing in the communal room on the couches and at the table.
Tony’s eyebrows arched. “Oh, you like that, huh? Ready for orders,” he added in a low tone, having caught on to what it did to Steve.
“I don’t know,” Clint said softly, trying to keep his voice steady. He turned to Tony, gave him a sad smile but didn’t say anything else.
Sadly no one was looking to sell a Russian-American billionaire an airplane. So now he was in the process of buying up the first eight seats on the airplane. If they had to fly with others, they at least weren’t going to be surrounded by them.
“Oh dear lord,” Tony gasped quietly, his gaze glued to Steve’s abdomen and the v-shape that was visible because of the pants shifting more. The small hairs leading from his belly button further down were darker. What was he supposed to do with that information?
“Thank you, love,” Steve said, his fingers still moving comfortingly across Tony’s back. “Ma really likes that one too. That one’s real, not just something I made up. It’s the little place ma’s got back in Ireland. The place I’ll take you one day. Just you and me.” He leaned his head down to press a kiss to Tony’s hair.
Tony looked at him and wanted to tell him what he felt. He had thought about nothing else ever since he had realized it. Then why was it so difficult to form words? To say those words?
Clint watched him a moment longer but didn’t say anything. “Alright,” he said but he wasn’t about to give up on the idea. He was sure they were looking for them, he knew they would find them, but he did not like being a damsel in distress. He wondered if having an actual plan would make a difference.
Dugan got up and wished them a good night.
right even if Sam and I don’t have a clue what the hell it is,” Bucky continued, ever his gruff self.
Tony got up and stumbled to the closest corner and sat down there with his back against the wall as he tried to catch his breath. From far away he could hear Benni but he couldn’t focus on the words, no matter how much he wanted to.
+  ~  +
“You and I both know that if they have to move them last minute, there will be no time for perfection. It will be messy, they will leave clues and if we aren’t right and they aren’t there then we can eliminate it and get back to work.”
“Rhodey, ru—”
“I can live with that,” Maria told them, excited.
“Just kind of… put me off the whole thing. But I mean, what about you?”
“I’m not opposed to that idea, though I’d much rather start with funds and files.”
They glanced his way and immediately diverted their gaze. Jones stayed in the car as Dugan and Steve headed inside, going up to James’ main office where he had said he would like to meet.
“Okay,” he said quietly, pressing a kiss to his lips. They were so soft and warm. “Glad to hear.” He didn’t want to dwell on why Tony had stopped celebrating, he knew why or at least had a good enough idea of why. And he didn’t want to talk anymore about the situation. Or James. Or Clint. Something about him still didn’t sit right with Steve.
Steve moved even closer, making sure his closeness was welcome as he did, until he could carefully pull Tony into his arms. “I’m sorry,” he told him, not sure what else to offer. Tony had heard it all before and Steve felt a little helpless trying to fight Tony’s intrusive memories. “Has the feeling passed?”
The two of them got up after a few minutes to get everything ready so the others wouldn’t have to lift a finger. One last time before they left for their vacation. That thought made him smile.
That night Steve sat at the kitchen table, his phone in his hands and thumb hovering over Tony’s chat. Bucky and Sam were on the couch fighting over which show to watch—it was between Great British Bake Off (Sam) or The Prodigal Son (Bucky)—and it didn’t seem like either would be winning anytime soon.
“What?”
“It’s like that with Steve and me. Only that we’re both men.” He waited for a reaction to that but Benni just blinked at him, expecting more. “Do you understand that?”
Tony gave her a warm smile and shook her hand. Hearing praise about his brother filled him with pride. “Thank you, ma’am,” he said politely, Benni still sitting close to him. Did he even remember their mother or was he too young when she died? “He has a lot of nightmares. Usually tucking him back in helps. And he is a picky eater,” he told her, feeling like he needed to help somehow.
Tony chuckled at the small kisses and hummed in approval. “I volunteer as test subject for many kisses.” There were definitely worse things than kissing Steve. “I honestly thought you did.” Slowly and reluctantly he let go of Steve. “Will we stick to spending time together after dinner?”
Tony turned to see Rhodey standing behind him looking ever so defeated and beside him a beautiful Steve Rogers in his crisp white captain’s shirt.
Tony placed his hand in the middle between Steve and him, not sure if he should reach out or not, still unsure of what to expect.
It’s fine. You did a great job.” Tony smiled and pinched Benni’s cheek lovingly.
“Everything about you,” Tony answered casually. “You?”
where that is.”
“You gonna introduce me to your new friends?” He asked, noticing the kiss mark on James’ neck. Rarely did James let one-nighters leave marks on him so that meant this was more than a one time thing.
“You enjoying this?” Dugan asked him as James led the way to the staircase that went to Loki’s bedroom.
It was a few moments later that he heard footsteps and knew they didn’t belong to his mother. Benni pushed the door open and came in.
Tony was being discharged today and when the elevator doors opened, James was stood there waiting and he started walking ahead of them. Steve caught up and they spoke briefly about business before reaching Tony’s room.
he said softly in Italian. “
“Very true. I’m hoping the whole ‘wrong window’ thing will eventually be behind me,” Tony said, picking up the menu despite having already checked online two days ago and known since then exactly what he would be having. “Maybe I could instead just be known as the awesome stranger who brought donuts.”
This chapter is 100% winterhawk & co.
“It’s not because we’re not safe, right?” Tony asked, his anxieties flaring up immediately. Was there a chance they could be taken from inside their house? He looked at Steve with wide eyes, waiting for an answer.
James came over and took the piece of paper from her, scanning over it and then handing it to Steve who plotted the location based on the address in the phone book.
They stayed like that for at least ten minutes before either of them spoke again, Clint cradled protectively in James’ embrace, wondering what might have brought this on. Of course he knew what kinds of things might be going through James’ head but he didn’t know
“I know. But I just wish there was something I could’ve done to ease his pain.”
“Hm,” Steve said angrily, his hand on the table curling into a fist and making his knuckles go impossibly paler. He wouldn’t say anything in front of Pepper. Lord knows he would’ve been ashamed if anyone had broadcasted his beatings for all the world to hear.
Clint had gone to the bar only two days last week and this week three. The other days were spent at home. On a few he never even left the bedroom but thankfully on others he made it downstairs and had something to eat.
He woke up when he heard the door open. The movement and noise made him flinch, honestly scared that this was it now, that they were coming in to kill them both and send Steve and James parts of their bodies as proof. Instead of that, they put down the usual tray with food and water and left without saying anything. Tony was frozen in place where he was half-sitting, half-lying on his mattress and looked at Clint with wide eyes.
“Benni.”
“You don’t need to be anything but comfortable, alright? And everyone here understands that. Take your time,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s hair and then slowly pulling him into his lap. “I’ve got you. Always.”
“And that’s what happens to boys who refuse to sleep.” Tony smiled triumphantly. One hand still in Steve’s hair, the other holding his hand. Gently he intertwined their fingers and rubbed his thumb over the back of Steve’s hand. He felt smaller scars there on his soft but firm skin, feeling the bones and muscles. Holding Steve’s hand, being this close to him and feeling the warmth of his body was incredibly nice.
“I’m glad,
“Thanks, ma.”
Later in the day, with Maria and Natalia full of the knowledge of the ins and outs of the mansion and on their way back home, James and Clint reclined on the couch.
It occurred to Steve in that moment that he didn’t have on a shirt either. Sam at least was wearing boxers and a tank top. Steve was the one to shake his head in response to Tony’s question.
“How do you know if you’re in love? What does it feel like?” Tony asked, turning to face her and crossing one leg under him to be more comfortable. Pepper’s gaze softened and she look dreamy.
James nodded.
“I’m almost tempted to wake Sam,” Bucky continued, “just to tell him but he would probably stab me if I tried.”
He remembered sitting on his bedroom floor with the box in front of him, the money neatly put in small piles. $26.38. That had been all his money in the world. When he hadn’t eaten properly in days, while his brother was shivering from the cold.
she asked in Russian, leaning back more comfortably on the couch. Maria continued to roam the office, looking out one of the windows now and not seeming to mind that she could no longer understand.
“How do you feel?” Steve asked, lying beside Tony, one leg propped up and his body turned towards Tony. They were both still unclothed, Tony’s chest still heaving. Steve had pulled the blanket across his own lower half, still somewhat aroused but Tony didn’t need to know that or he’d worry about it. He’d take care of it later.
“I know,” James lied, turning just enough to give Clint a small smile. Clint was wrong, though. He couldn’t know that. Neither of them could and Bakuto had made that more evident than ever and James hated it with a passion.
She headed off in the direction of her truck and Steve and Bucky went the other way towards their shared car in silence, both deep in thought about what had just happened. Steve made the call to Jefferson Davis and when he hung up, Bucky was watching him.
“I just feel bad.”
Benni was chuckling, enjoying this and then he asked, “Have you guys been friends forever?” Steve laughed, wondering what constituted ‘forever’ for Benni.
“How are you liking it here? I realize it’s only been one day,” he said, helping himself to some potatoes and then passing them on to Sarah who put some on Benni’s plate and then her own.
Tony couldn’t wait to leave the hospital, wear proper clothes and not a hospital gown anymore. There was also his curiosity to see Steve’s home, see how his mother and he lived. A proper home, probably. Sarah was a warm person, even warmer than Steve. It made Tony miss his own mother even more.
He kissed Steve’s cheeks and then his lips, his hand resting on the dog tags. They were his. “How did you come up with this?” It wasn’t a serious question but still something that made Tony wonder. “I have nothing for you like this… I’m sorry.”
The other three glanced between them, wondering who would win. Would they go or keep searching? It was an unusual circumstance because it was Steve talking James out of spontaneity for once. Dmitri focused on James, narrowing his eyes because his boss never acted without a plan, even a half-concocted one.
James watched the interaction, saw Tony put his hand on Clint’s, and Clint smile. It was sweet. Very sweet and it made him smile too.
“That cake was delicious and nobody was also going to
Zasranec - (Russian) asshole
“I didn’t get to thank Mr Rogers. Could you please tell him I’m grateful for everything?” he asked Dugan while they were still standing outside, partly because he was afraid to enter and partly because he didn’t want Howard to hear. “Thanks for driving me here.” He nodded and then went inside the store. Saturdays were short days and even though it was after closing hours the front door was unlocked and nothing had been cleaned or put away. Without going upstairs, Tony went right to work.
Once was unfortunate, twice was a pattern, and it was one that James would do everything in his power to break. He didn’t see Christmas ever being a fun, relaxed time again with either them or Steve and Tony. Twice now something awful had happened around that time. He knew that he would be extra vigilant, extra weary, this coming Christmas and he could only assume the same of Steve.
It had been ten minutes. Steve had never been to the Falcon Diner before but Clint seemed to be a close friend of the owner so Steve didn’t think it should have been taking that long. He checked his pocket watch.
And there was also the fact that Tony and Clint’s holding cells had been on opposite ends of the warehouse. Steve and James doubted they even knew one another existed. They had gone through this alone. They might still be going through it alone.
“Done,” he said firmly. Steve had always had dedicated personal time that no one interrupted. Usually it was in the afternoon after he’d finished work and before going home. Now it would be after dinner and he’d make damn sure everyone knew it changed and that he was not to be bothered by anything for any reason.
“Have I been known to be less of one and more of the other or is this just an observation you’re making?” James chuckled, coming over to stand in front of him. He was shirtless, only in his trousers, just as many scars and marks on him as Steve. He reached down and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, and then it snaked up his neck until he was cradling his face.
“Seven?” Dmitri asked. “Which did we eliminate?”
There were some days before they were living together when James wouldn’t hear from him for long stretches of time. He had never asked Clint about those times but he knew him well enough now to have a fairly good idea of what was going on.
Tony didn’t know when he had fallen asleep again but he woke up to the most amazing man. It was still real and he was still holding him. He blushed when Steve called him ‘love’ hiding his face in his chest and mumbling a soft, “Good morning”.
release it once it was just the two of them at home.
“Yep,” Rhodey said, standing in the fridge looking for a snack. So far he had scanned the entire thing twice but he just knew in his heart there was something delicious he had missed.
,” James muttered in Russian, dragging a hand down his face and sighing. “Steve got shot for loving men, for being what we are. Half or more of his men know by now and they’re not going to take it well. This is not something that will blow over by the weekend. He’s—” He cut himself off. There was no point in telling Tony the odds. It would only scare him more and decrease his functional levels, James assumed. “I don’t give a fuck what he said, Steve’s scared and the fact that you don’t know that speaks volumes so no, I don’t need to know your life story. This was enough.”
“No? It was great. Why?”
, he’s up!” Benni, who appeared out of nowhere, called down the stairs.
“Maybe,” he said, dipping Tony gently, staring into his eyes, his own half-lidded and that same lazy smile on his face. He was happier than he'd been in months. His eyes fell from Tony’s to his lips and he sighed, licking his own slowly and pulling him back up.
He was cursing up a storm as he felt the telltale signs that he was close, never taking his eyes off Tony under him. He slapped his thigh again and seconds later he came, nearly doubling over, his forehead on Tony’s chest, his hips still moving, twitching, but slowing. Another few seconds and Tony came a second time.
It was as if Steve could read his mind and knew exactly what Tony wanted. The small touches were enough to make Tony relax more than he had in days. Maybe it was because he got to talk to Clint and make sure his friend was alright. Maybe it was the certainty of having almost everyone he cared for in one room. Whatever it was, he chose to enjoy it while it lasted. He rested a hand on Steve’s thigh, simply resting it there without making another move. No, he wasn’t quite there yet. He didn’t want Steve to see him as thin and broken as he was.
“If he wants to be. Ask him, wouldja? And bring me an Irish coffee please,” he said, finishing his coffee and handing him the mug.
As soon as Tony was pressed against the wall by Steve he forgot about everything else while Steve got rid of their clothes very quickly. Every now and then he looked at Tony for permission before getting rid of his underwear or touching him and everytime Tony couldn’t do more than nod, which was more than enough for Steve. Soon they were on the Steve’s bed, both completely naked, Steve’s lips all over Tony’s body and Tony’s hands all over Steve’s. He felt all kinds of scars, tracing each one carefully until he touched one that made Steve wince.
Sarah said and he turned to see his mother looking worse for wear, holding his hand. Tony was behind her and Steve instantly reached for him with his other hand, wincing slightly at the pain.
Tony considered going back downstairs but Sarah would notice that something was up. He needed to sort his thoughts before he could go back to them. He headed for his bathroom and locked the door behind him.
And then finally Sarah visited so she could meet the famous boy Steve had dropped everything to save. The boy James had spent the majority of dinner teasing Steve about. The boy Steve didn’t talk about to Sarah.
On Thursday Steve was so wound up at the idea of what he might be about to see that he did not want lunch. He told Dugan to order for himself and then send Tony down to the basement where his boxing ring was. Steve stood in the ring facing Falsworth who was a very accomplished fighter.
They took their usual seats, said grace and began to eat. It was delicious and exactly what was needed in February. Steve had his usual ‘more than the average human’ helpings and James and Sarah teased him for it the entire time, although James ate just as much as Steve.
Back at home he was greeted with a plate of freshly baked cookies, the smell of herbs and garlic, and long hugs from Benni and Sarah.
“The office of fire investigation.”
For the rest of their time together Tony barely said another word, too lost in his thoughts.
“What would it take for you to want to leave?” He asked, hoping to hear what he wanted.
Tony studied James’ face before taking a second to compare it to Steve’s. He nodded.
Steve smiled but it was sad. “I’ve recently been forced to learn the importance of being able to rely on people, to know on whom I can count.” He pulled off a bit of muffin and just held it between his fingers. “Now that I know exactly who that is and is not, I’m not letting any of you out of my sight. If we stake out a place, it’s the four of us. All of us covering each other.”
talking, Steve. No reason to sleep.” He pulled the blanket further over him. There was one other thing that would put anyone to sleep immediately but did Tony really dare? Ever so carefully so as not to disturb Steve, he sat down on the bed next to him and reached out to run his hand through Steve’s hair. It was as soft as it looked. “Isn’t it comfortable?” He spoke slowly.
It was the first time she sat him down and talked to him directly, telling him he needed to leave that place, take his brother and run away. He told her about the money and how he didn’t have enough to make it anywhere for a fresh start.
Steve climbed into bed beside him, wondering if he should check on Clint but he seemed fine on his own. He was just about to lay down when his conscience got the best of him.
“So,” Sam said as they all piled into the car to head home after yet another busy day at Firehouse 616.
“Yeah, he asked me to move in about two months ago. Three months? I think two,” he said, trying to remember because it honestly felt like he’d been in that house for a very long time. Living with Natalia in their crappy apartment with their evil neighbors seemed like a lifetime ago.
Clint managed a small smile. James was always going out of his way to look after him and make sure he was happy, bringing up whatever he could to make Clint feel a bit better. Even something as small as Lucky being excited.
Clint had had nightmares most of the night and now this morning he hadn’t wanted to leave the bedroom. James stayed with him as long as he was welcome but finally Clint asked to be alone and James respected it. He thought at first about staying, wondering perhaps if it was a test, but he knew Clint and he knew he wouldn’t ask James to leave unless he really wanted him to.
Slowly, he stood, looking around as his eyes adjusted to the dimness. There was a cot pushed up against the back wall and that was where he had been laying. There was a toilet in the other corner and then by the door he noticed for the first time a small metal tray and a glass jar with a clear liquid that Clint assumed and hoped was water.
A man wearing white silk gloves and a coat and tails along with a top hat, opened the car door for them. Clint inhaled deeply and resolved not to focus on how out of place he felt amongst these blue bloods. He looked over at James for one more bit of reassurance and met his eyes immediately. James smiled and blew him a quick kiss and then the valet was leaning down to help Natalia, offering her a hand.
Steve plopped onto the couch across from Tony with a sigh, his head back and arms stretched along the back of the couch. He unbuttoned his overshirt and pulled his shirt untucked. He was tired of suits and he just wanted to be home in his comfortable clothes. After a moment he lifted his head enough to look at Tony, his own eyes barely open. The last couple weeks had been… a
Clint shook his head. “No, I don’t feel any pain at all. I even stood on it this morning while I washed my face.” Clint’s mood seemed to have improved some with James’ suggestion and at this point, James was taking any and every win he could get.
“Why does it sound like you’re saying goodbye?”
Clint squeezed Tony’s hand when he noticed the way his chest was moving, like he couldn’t get his breath. He could guess the reason, so he didn’t comment on it.
“I don’t have it with me. I will pick it up in a few days but it’s a watch.”
It felt oddly… normal. This wasn’t the first time James had found himself noticing a flare up of normalcy in his life. It was something he had started noticing when Clint first began to enter his life and then when Natalia became a more regular feature as well as Maria. He found himself having dinners at home with them all, sitting around and laughing as they shared stories. Sometimes Dmitri joined them, other times he spent with Dugan but he, too, was part of James’ oddly domestic inner circle.
Tony pressed his lips together. No, he wasn’t sure. He just needed to see with his own eyes that Howard wouldn’t get to him ever again.
“He’s a good one, Cap. I’m happy for you,” Dugan said and Jones agreed.
“So you and Stark. What’s new?”
Steve came into the gym, loading his gun and putting it into his holster and motioned for Dugan to come, nodding briefly to Tony as he left out, Dugan immediately following without another word.
tea, I never said
,” Steve complained, dragging a hand down his face. He reached for Tony’s hand. “I’m so glad you’re here. Come here,” he said, tugging him down for a kiss and then letting him go.
