.o0o.
“You probably don’t need thirty,” Mike argued, but Tony was barely listening.
Steve came with a shout, and Tony was satisfied.
, just,” Steve stumbled over his words. “I saw how alike you were. In hindsight, I was so blind. But I thought, maybe, you might make each other happy. That’s all I thought about. I just wanted you to be happy.”
Under a dust cover, in the direct center of the spot is Steve’s bike. It is shining like it had just been waxed, oiled and full of gas. Tony’s bag only barely fits on the back of it, but they get everything strapped down well enough. Steve produces two helmets from nowhere, and helps Tony fit his before swinging his leg over the bike and turning her on. She purrs like a kitten.
“Did you get the information I sent over about low-cost contraceptive options? Stark Medical hasn’t been pushing too hard, you know, but it’s—”
“Let’s go home,” Steve says, hugging Tony to his side.
Tony started, glancing around the room before his eyes fell on Steve leaning against the confetti-covered sofa arm. It surprised him that Steve was still up. He’d been sure everyone was in bed by now.
, Tony thought.
, Tony thought.
Then, without any more preamble, he sucked Tony down to the base.
“No-one else is allowed to have my tech, I know,” Tony cut him off. “That’s why you’re technically borrowing this. Field testing, if you like. You can give it back when you’re done with it.” Tony tried not to wince visibly at that. After all, others had given him his heart back before. He had no reason to think Steve, of all people, would want him for keeps.
Riding the motorcycle is uncomfortable for Tony the next morning, after their rambunctious wall-fucking the previous night, but he powers through as best he can. If Steve makes excuses for them to stop and walk around more than he really needs to, well. Tony isn’t going to complain.
“I don’t think Steve would be interested in a quick fuck,” Natasha dismissed, “Otherwise I’d have told him to say something years ago.”
“Tony,” Steve complained, but they both knew he was right.
“Tony,” he begged, still sounding shaky as all hell. He stopped there, unsure what he needed. What he was begging for.
Tony nipped at Steve’s bottom lip and his mouth fell open, welcoming Tony’s hot tongue. The slide of their mouths was suddenly wet, and the feeling was different-and-same, new and unchanged. Steve reveled in it.
Steve whined, and it was a plea, not for anything in particular, but somehow Tony understood anyway. The hand that wasn’t holding the vibrator in place on his swollen balls came up again to Steve’s mouth, and he opened gratefully. This time, Tony’s fingers thrust against his tongue, and he lay passive and drooling all over them. He couldn’t tell for sure, but he thought he was still making plenty of gasps and groans for Tony.
The blast caught Iron Man below the arc reactor, and he stumbled, clutching at the wound, before falling to his knees. Steve threw the two accomplices to the ground, and his shield was leaving his hand before he could process it, knocking the third unconscious. He ran to Iron Man’s side.
"There you go," Tony whispers, brushing his hand through the hairs at the nape of Steve's neck.  "Here, sit up for a second... move up the bed."
And maybe it's Tony's pleasure or maybe it's the pressure on his cock but Steve's second orgasm rushes through him, his hands clench on the nighty and he distantly hears a ripping sound but he can't focus on it, he can feel his pleasure all the way down to his toes and up through his head until he's so lightheaded he thinks he might pass out right there on the bed, his cock still buried in Tony's heat
“That’s not the way it works, champ,” Tony says, but it’s kind, not dismissive. He cuddles closer into Steve. They breathe in tandem.
There was a sharp noise, like Steve stood up quickly. “I’ll be home in eight minutes.”
He went to his side table and opened the top drawer. It held a few bottles of lotion and massage oil, scented candles, and even scented lubes. In their sixteen months dating, Tony had convinced Steve thoroughly of the benefits of hedonism. Repeatedly.
The call dropped. Tony took a deep breath. “JARVIS, is Steve available at all yet?”
Tony joined him in the center of the bed, getting up on his knees to link his arms around Steve’s neck. His own panties were the only thing he wore, and though Steve loved his garter belt ensemble, he was glad to not be outclassed tonight. Tony’s pair was a simple black, seamless, cut low in the back and criss-crossed with ribbon, like a corset.
That’s where the Iron Lover (Mk. I) came in. It wasn’t an Iron Man suit—it couldn’t fly, it had no guns or repulsors that worked. But it looked like the real deal. It was made out of the same alloy as his suits, and it even housed a very limited software program, which could follow voice commands and even replicate Tony’s voice as if he were inside of it.
There would be more talk tomorrow of what they both liked and didn’t like about the scene (which, Steve would be hard pressed to find something he didn’t like) but tonight, Steve simply let Tony uncuff him and wrap his arms around Steve’s waist. They drifted off to sleep in rhythmic tandem.
Steve is still inside Tony, but he's getting soft, slipping out a little as Tony leans forward. It's so much sensation, he can hardly stand it. Tony is just lounging above him, kissing him languidly, like he's never been more relaxed. Steve's body is wrung out, but every shift and shiver has him trying to tense up again, unable to handle this much stimulation.
“Of that,” Rhodey chuckled, “I have no doubt.”
But Tony doesn't stop, he doesn't let up, he keeps going, keeps pushing-
Clint only smiled wide, because even though he claimed to hate sappy shit, he never begrudged Natasha her PDA.
“I taught you that,” Steve protested weakly, letting himself relax into a puddle on the bedclothes.
Moments or eons later, Steve gently pulled away again. “Tony,” he shuddered, clearly more affected than Tony thought.
“Leave it to me,” she said, standing gracefully and swaying her hips as she walked away.
,” Steve moaned, and if he hadn’t just come like a freight train, he would have been rock hard. “It doesn’t bother you?”
Tony cursed himself for not speaking up in that moment.
“Before the serum?” Tony asked curiously.
Steve whined again, but the muscles in his arms and back relaxed at Tony’s proclamation. He was being good. He was doing what Tony wanted. He closed his eyes and tried to relax further, to let himself feel.
Tony blinked. “So you. Want.”
.o0o.
Soulmates aren’t as rare, these days. More people travel, both in their own country and to others, so it stands to reason that they meet more people over the course of their life. One touch is all it takes, skin to skin. Then you know. Less than half of people ever find their soulmate, and most are just fine without one.
Steve was an excellent deepthroater. He had an almost non-existent gag reflex and a tongue technique that could send someone to their grave. He utilized both these things to attempt to suck Tony’s brain out his dick, and mostly succeeded.
“Mmm.”
“Is it about my wings?”
“Wha—” Steve started, before remembering. Iron Man had said there was a third assassin, in the octopus thing. “IRON MAN!” he cried out, already turning to warn his teammate.
"Tony! Aaahh!"
Tony’s eyes softened. “It’s not stupid, darling. Your fantasies are yours, and they’re not up for judgement. Not with me. Besides, kissing myself has definitely crossed my mind in the past.” He winked salaciously. “I’d be willing to give it a try.”
“I’m expecting. I am expecting a baby. Our baby, Steve.”
Steve preps to ride Tony. That’s it, that’s the ficlet.
“We gotta do that again,” Steve murmured, standing and joining Tony near the bed. He wrapped his arms around him, tucking him close. “You smell like the armor, now.”
“I mean, yes. But they would probably look like that now if I stopped dyeing them.”
“Now you just sound like Elphaba.”
“Hi, Steve, darling, light of my life. Mission—mission’s over, and, ah, JARVIS said you were available, so.”
“No,” Tony barks, downing another shot’s worth of liquor. “I’m not.”
Steve held out the pendant chain, and Tony grasped the ends tightly, watching Steve turn his back so Tony could see to engage the clasp. Tony did so, making sure it was on securely. “All set,” he managed, voice cracking.
But, as Steve was quick to remind him, things would never change unless things were demystified and people could be educated. Steve was so good at thinking about the big picture like that.
“What’s going on, Captain? Why are we—”
Clint shook his head, because he’d been on this team for close to three years now, and while he knew Stark was an asshole, he also gave a shit. People who gave a shit were a rarity.
Finally, Tony carefully withdrew, a line of sticky come following the tip of his cock. He knelt up between Steve’s knees, carefully moved the panties back into place, so his come would leak out of Steve and spoil them. Steve could have come again at just the thought, but exhausted as he was, his cock only gave another spurt and settled, soft, in the front of his panties.
“I bet you wanted to sink to your knees and take me right there in the rubble.”
Steve’s ears burned, and he couldn’t help but picture Tony kissing another Tony. Two Tonys, he thought hazily.
Now, his wings were tattered and broken. He’d woken up in Afghanistan, pinioned and dirty, his long primaries cut, snapped in some places. He would never fly without the armor again. Even today, he kept the lower half of his wings covered by the advanced prosthetic he invented. His ugly, white primaries never saw the light of day.
Steve reaches over, like he’s going to set his hand on Tony’s arm, but Tony flinches back. Steve freezes, lowers his hand, and Tony can’t help meeting his eyes then. He sees confusion, worry, and something deeper. Something more sad.
Steve smiled sunnily and set the coffee mug and plate down on a side table, away from Tony’s work space. His wings folded sleekly against his back, unlike Tony’s prosthetics, which didn’t fold as nicely when he wasn’t flying.
“Mmm!” Steve managed, and he wasn’t sure if he could have given a real answer just then, but Tony knew what to do anyway. In a split second, the vibrator was lifted away from his balls and touched the vibrant head of his cock, and Steve’s eyes widened, and then he was coming in thick ropes so hard he couldn’t see.
“Shh, shh, Omega,” Tony soothed. “I have you.”
Tony didn’t believe what the superstitious people said about your wings linking you to some sort of metaphysical ‘soulmate’. There wasn’t any science, any logic behind their arguments. At the end of the day, Tony was a scientist. He didn’t believe in magic.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve sounded a bit panicked. “You don’t usually call.”
Tony huffs. “Not really, not until next week. And only for a few days. I could skip, if I wanted. Pepper would only half-kill me. It would be worth it.”
The thing that strikes Tony about Oklahoma is the people, more so than anything. They’re all…kind. It’s clear this place is about as far from New York or LA as they can get, and still see people at all. Even when Steve kisses Tony sweetly on the cheek, only one or two people turn away in disgust. That’s a better ratio than you get at home, some days.
They settled in to a pretty nice rhythm through the afternoon, with Stark jabbering to his personal skynet for five minutes or so, thunking around in the range computer’s hardware, then asking Clint to give it a whirl. Clint would graciously shoot the hell out of some fake rabbits, throw out some feedback, then sit back and watch as Stark repeated the process. It was entertaining to say the least—-JARVIS might have been creepy as fuck, but he also shared Stark’s dry humor and wit, so the banter was superb.
Steve usually couldn’t make it to the end of the dream, exploding in his boxers before he even touched either of them.
“He just needs to say something to Steve instead of pining all damn day, and the problem would solve itself.”
Steve turned this over and over in his mind. It was impossible. Tony was in the car when the laser guns first shot at him, and so was Iron Man. Iron Man had stayed, finished the battle, gotten hurt. Tony hadn’t been there when Steve got there, and it had been maybe five or ten minutes since the start of it all. Later, Iron Man went into the lab, and an hour after that, Tony came out.
Then the moment passed.
“God, no!” Stark insisted a little too forcefully. [You’re my shield now, you better not go anywhere,] he added in his brain.
“I’ll be there in ninety seconds. Widow is behind me with the jet.”
“I hate him,” Tony growled, storming through his penthouse in a manner that Rhodey would probably call pacing, but he Was Not Pacing Dammit. “I hate him, I hate him so much.”
awwww tony why didnt you say something bb
is very precise.” Steve gulped and pressed his palm into his erection once more.
Tony wasn’t too proud to admit that he closed his eyes and screamed quite loudly when the tip of his dick made contact with the back of Steve’s throat. Steve swallowed around him once, twice, then started up an even rhythm of bobbing and sucking. Tony opened his eyes again to watch, and noticed that his hands were wrapped in Steve’s dark blond hair, cradling the back of his skull. Steve himself was enthusiastic, letting spit coat his lips and chin, focused entirely on his task. He twirled his tongue around the head on every pull, then swallowed greedily around the base, repeating the tricks he knew Tony liked best again and again. His fingertips were digging bruises into Tony’s hips, and his knees brushed against Tony’s ankles.
“No,” Tony said slowly, drawing it out. “I just. Um. Your wings remind me of my wings? Before.”
Does anyone want to talk about Tony riding Steve and while wearing one of those lace slip nightgowns?
“Can I kiss you?”
“Wild.” Steve filled in.
"Shhhh," Tony says, gently lifting his arms to cup Steve's cheek and run his fingers through Steve's hair
“What’s this?” Steve asked him, suspiciously eyeing the little box Tony had chucked toward him just a moment before. Steve, being the pinnacle of human perfection, caught it, and was now holding it in the flat of his palm.
Tony finally looks down at Steve, his face flushed and his pupils blown wide, and squeezes Steve's wrists in warning
“I try, big guy,” Tony hummed, and Steve could hear the smile in his voice.
“Yes, Mr. Stark,” the armor agreed, and Steve’s reaction was perfect. His hips jerked, and his breath caught in his throat. “It—He can speak?”
He felt stuck in the loop of pleasure for a while after that, his body clenching with aftershocks. The vibrator had left an echo on his skin, and everywhere it had touched felt like it might still be buzzing. The cuffs and spreader held him in place, keeping him where Tony wanted him even after his strength was gone. His thighs and balls were wet with lube, and Tony was jerking off fiercely over him, ready to add his own seed to the mess.
They come to a stop outside a log cabin facade, its large glass windows facing the setting sun. Steve wheedles his way into a room at a full motel with his All-American innocence, not even pulling the “I’m Captain America” card. The antlered animal on the wall of their room is unrecognizable to Tony, but it makes Steve smile, so he puts up with having a dead thing above his head all night.
They come back down the mountain and make it to Denver before the light goes. The mountains lie entirely to the west, now, the listless flatness of the Great Plains stretching out to the east. The city seems broad to them, growing out instead of up like New York is wont to.
With Tony leaned down to mouth at his chest, his groin rocked forward to come into shocking contact with Steve’s hard cock. The two pairs of panties felt insubstantial, and they could have been grinding bare but for the occasional slip of the silk shifting. The wet, hot mouth on his nipples drove Steve to tiny whines and whimpers.
Steve groaned out loud, because he
“Yes.”
.o0o.
This is a familiar sentiment to both of them. Tony suffers, and Steve doesn’t like it.
Tony stopped and turned to stare at him. “What did you say?”
“How’s it feel, Tony? Tell me,” Steve asked. The slapping sounds of his masturbation had begun again, almost like he couldn’t help himself.
Tony huffed, shoving his Chinese food carton aside and getting up to pace the length of the room. “You would be. The things I haven’t told you, that I know you would think you need to know. But, God, Steve, I just can’t. Not again.”
“Mm, you feel good,” Tony praised, arching his back suggestively. “Strong. Uncompromising.”
“Tell me, honey,” Tony moaned high pitched. “Tell him what you want.”
Steve takes breath after shaky breath, focusing on the smell of Tony, Tony all around him, Tony's hands in his hair. He slowly comes away from that terrible/amazing overwhelmed place and sinks into Tony's touch.
“Oh.”
Steve leads them to the water’s edge in a public park, one with piers and beachgoers even at this early day in the year. There is a carousel not far from shore, as well as an ice cream stand already open for business. Children splash in the shallows, shrieking as the waves crest a little too high and soak their clothes with cold water.
“No, shh,” Steve sushes. “Don’t even think it. You are my soulmate, Tony. I
Steve turned into a puddle almost against his will at Tony’s hushing. His muscles relaxed around the intrusion, accepting Tony into his body–into himself. He sighed.
“Come on,” Tony cajoled, “there must be something.”
Tony gave him a blinding smile, a wicked kiss, and a slap on the ass, then he discarded the towel. He climbed back into bed with his own panties back on, and snuggled close to Steve’s side in bed. “Sleep well, darling,” he whispered.
Steve takes them to a corner of the lot with labelled parking spots for politicians and special visitors. One spot is set aside with
"I'm not going to stop till I'm done," Tony pants, slamming down again so Steve hits his prostate dead-on
Steve glanced up at Pepper. “I must have done something wrong. I wasn’t supposed to know, about Tony. Being Iron Man.”
Then he licked again, and the sudden return to warm breath and tongue had Steve’s testes drowning in shock. The temperature difference wasn’t even severe, but he was hung up on the sensation just as much as if Tony had doused him in hot water. The texture of Tony’s tongue was so present, more so than his fingers, and the addition of slick, attractive heat was making it hard to stay still once more.
“Iron Man,” he called, watching the suit in front of him fall into resting protocol—slight movements which replicated breathing. “How do you feel about surprising Steve tonight?”
He smiled so wide it felt like his face would split in two. “That’s Captain America!” He told his father excitedly, pointing. “He’s amazing, and he–”
“Not mine, you dork.” Tony tapped the metal casing of his own reactor through his shirt. “Mine’s right here. That one’s yours.”
“Such a good cocksleeve for me,” Tony told him, finding his rhythm. “Always desperate to be knotted. You get so sweet for it, baby, like you’re having a religious experience.”
Stark brightened, as if he’d just remembered it was his anniversary. “Thanks,” he said, but his eyes were on Steve’s. “Five years, and it’s still so amazing.”
Steve blushed red. “It’s, ah, sorry,” he mumbled, ducking his head.
One more pass, a glancing blow more than a grip, and Steve was pumping thick white strings of come onto his stomach and chest. He whited out.
“Steve,” Tony moaned, drawn out. He was wrecked, still crying, sweaty and spent, but hard and wanting. He wanted Steve to fuck him. He wanted Steve to pin him to the wall and use all his strength, no holds barred. He was desperate for it.
Tony has lived without any soulmate for forty years. Why should he be bothered now that he knows who his soulmate is, and they don’t want him?
This seemed to settle the soldier only slightly, and he did not cease his catalogue of Tony. He knelt down to run careful hands over Tony’s jeans, tracing the shape of his knees until satisfied they were unbroken and strong. He lifted the hem of his shirt, ran his warm, dry palms across Tony’s unmarred stomach as if to reassure himself. He stood again and pressed Tony into the wall, scanning his face for any signs of pain. When there was none, he manhandled Tony’s arms around so he could see that there were no bruises or wounds.
and just never explain anything again.
“But he was my friend, I should have—”
But Tony is relentless, he keeps going, not slowing down or using Steve any more gently, and before long Steve can feel it, can feel the tightness in his abdomen, can feel his balls start to draw up
“Yes,” Steve agrees helplessly. “What was it this time?”
“Changed my mind?”
Tony tried to give a snarky reply, but all that he could manage was another strangled moan.
Steve kisses back sweetly. “Back to sleep, Tony,” he whispers.
Montana might be the most beautiful thing Tony has ever seen. They stop for a fill-up and a quick bite to eat in Billings, and the harsh bluffs bathed in golden afternoon light are like nothing he’s ever seen before. “I need to stop flying everywhere,” he mutters to Steve, who is also slack-jawed beside him.
“Come on, not even a cup a day?” Tony was wheedling before he could catch up with himself.
“I can’t stay,” he would explain apologetically. “I’m too heavy for the furniture. Besides, I’m technically on the clock.”
Suddenly it made sense why Iron Man didn’t want to see Steve. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to pressure you,” he apologized. “I just wanted to be sure you were alright. I didn’t see you after you went into the lab, and I was just worried.”
There was a pause. When Steve spoke, he sounded shaken. “Tony?”
“Why is the fridge full of popsicles?” Clint complained one afternoon. “There’s no room for my gallon of mint chocolate chip.”
Tony shuddered again as the tip of Steve’s velvet pink tongue came out and tasted his salty skin. “Alright, big guy,” he acquiesced. “T-take what you need.”
"Tony... please...I can't--ahh! Too much--!"
Tony sometimes found it frustrating to explain his relationship to other people. There was so much misinformation, so many ignorant people, it made him want to say
It only took a half a dozen strokes, maybe less, before Tony was coming untouched all over the stomach plates of the armor. Iron Man fucked him through it, lowering the vibrations back to the lowest setting, but thrusting hard and deep until Tony’s cock gave a pathetic pulse and stopped spurting.
“Yes, love,” Tony hummed. “You feel me so deep inside you? You feel what you do to me?”
Weeks pass, and his insides want to claw out of his throat every time he sees Steve. He wants to talk to him, wants to touch him again, but Steve only smiles and says good morning, then turns back to his (actual, physical newsprint) paper. So Tony grunts a “morning,” back at him, and snags his coffee out of the kitchen as fast as he can, before he does something stupid.
“Call Pepper. Wait! No.” Tony fidgeted, plucked at the underside of his left wing. “Call Rhodey?”
“Gonna keep me warm,” Tony mentioned almost offhand, but the thought spun Steve out of his own head once more. To be used to keep Tony warm, to keep his knot warm, yes, that was all Steve wanted.
Then he would go back to reading the paper, blessedly (truthfully) pants-less in their living room, while Tony fiddled with some gadget or other across from him. The evening would draw on comfortably long, like an old movie you know the lines to. Tony would stretch and get up, and Steve would follow him, and they would curl around one another in bed, and Tony couldn’t help thinking that
“Help me put it on?” He asked softly. Tony nodded.
Tony swallowed, processing this.
“Feels,” Tony sobbed. “Feels incredible, I can’t. Can’t explain. Steve.”
Steve drew in a shaky breath, forcing himself not to let it out in a needy whine. It had only been five minutes, maybe eight, but Steve was so close to disobeying his order to stay still and stop squirming like a child. He was hyper-focused on what Tony was doing, how unbearably light his touches were, how his calluses caught painlessly every once in a while. The delicate skin of his sac could easily start to feel raw, given the near-constant friction, but Tony was being so gentle even as he wound him up ruthlessly.
Dyeing wings was still pretty taboo, even in the 21st century. That someone like Captain America would dye them was unthinkable.
Comments are love!
“Where—where did he get lube from?” Steve asked.
“Who else knows?” Steve asked as he stood, offering a hand to Pepper.
The Captain was leading them down a dead-end hallway, one with only restrooms and a supply closet. He gripped Tony by the elbow and dragged him into the men’s room, locking the swinging door behind them.
“Yeah,” Steve admitted shakily, his heart ready to pound out of his chest. “I’m pretty gone on you.”
(That was a lie. He’d thought about one or two things.)
Tony barks out a laugh, suddenly realizing he’s shaking. “I need,” he starts, but Steve is already guiding him to the living room, where he sits them both down on the couch. He hasn’t stopped touching Tony.
Fortunately, the last of his present mind thought, Tony got to put him back together, too.
.o0o.
“No, no, don’t. I’m really okay. I just. Um. God, I don’t know how to say this, I’ve never done this before. Steve, I’m expecting.”
“God, I am so lucky to have you. My gorgeous, gorgeous darling.” Tony was still clothed, but his cock hung out of the front of his pants, heavy and full. Steve imagined Tony stroking himself in time with Steve’s controlled thrusts and groaned again.
“Trying and failing,” Steve mumbled as he pulled off briefly, his throat already scratchy. He licked a strip over Tony’s balls before sucking him back down.
“You don’t understand, Rhodey. This rage that is burning inside me, this loathing–”
Steve waits until the gauntlet of the suit lowers away from his chest before approaching, sinking to his knees as well. He reaches out to Tony, as if to pull him into a hug, but stops short of actually touching his shoulder.
“Shit. Call Doctor Mike.”
Steve can feel Tony suddenly clench down like a vice around his oversensitive cock, he can feel Tony's thighs shake as his orgasm finally, finally courses through him
. It feels like a lifetime since he’s seen those letters. He feels the weight of what they represent settle on them both.
Ultimately, Tony decided to do nothing about the wing pattern thing. It wasn’t like it mattered, right? Soulmates weren’t real.
, he told himself.
“Hello, darling,” he greets, running an affectionate hand through Tony’s bedhead. “Good to see you up. You’re going to love it here.”
Iron Man scissored his fingers and thrust again, brushing against Tony’s prostate but not hitting it fully. He thanked his past self for thinking of that, because if those fingers had been right on target, he would have gone off immediately. As it was, he squirmed in the armor’s hold, whining when it still only barely grazed his sweet spot.
“Yes,” was all Steve could say, screaming his own pleasure aloud.
.o0o.
Tony didn’t believe what the superstitious people said about your wings linking you to some sort of metaphysical ‘soulmate’. There wasn’t any science, any logic behind their arguments. At the end of the day, Tony was a scientist. He didn’t believe in magic.
okay? Iron Man said you were fine, but you were clearly injured. Did you lose blood?”
"Don't come," Tony whispers, before lifting up until just the head of Steve's cock is resting against the rim from inside, and slams back down
Just the thought of being held by Tony in place, where he looked the way Tony wanted, where he was vulnerable to Tony’s wishes, it sped up his hips. He whined, and it must have sounded particularly pathetic, because a slow shushing came from behind him.
They shake hands, after the battle of New York. That is the moment, the fatal mistake that keeps Tony awake at night. If he had just kept the gauntlet on, if he had sent Cap a peace sign instead of reaching for his hand—well. Things would have been different.
Steve had first met Tony on the helicarrier, when he was studying the cube. Their first meeting was…rocky, to say the least. But since the effects of Loki’s scepter were long gone, they’d been cordial and even friendly towards one another. Mr. Stark was a genius, and he naturally had a very busy schedule running his company, as well as fabricating the Avengers gear and doing maintenance for Iron Man. But, even with all that, he made a point to check in with each of them once a week or so, and make sure all their needs were met. He went out of his way to be kind, and that was a trait Steve admired more than anything else.
Steve shrugged, dropping Tony’s shirt and raising a hand to thumb at the edge of the cut above his face. “You were hurt,” he explained, meeting Tony’s eyes. He noticed they were slightly dilated, like Tony had been in a dark room. “I wasn’t sure if you had any broken bones, or if you had a concussion.”
Tony loves sucking cock.
“Want to hear you, my darling,” Tony asked, before swiping his tongue up Steve’s shaft and swallowing him down. He bobbed once, twice, six times, and then Steve was coming helplessly down his throat.
“Sure,” Steve agreed readily. “Only, I saw the Jag in the garage right before I rushed out to help with the fight.”
“Yes, more,” he whined. The armor pushed two slick fingers in, and this time Tony could feel the slight burn of a stretch. He loved that feeling.
Steve didn’t know what to say. Should he comfort Tony? Offer to go buy more popsicles?
,” Steve breathed. “You really are spectacular.”
He got to work sucking softly, so softly, at the head. Steve hadn’t had the chance to get hard yet, what with Tony jumping him in the hallway, but now he was firming up quickly, making aborted thrusts under Tony’s hands. Tony curled his arm harder against his hips and bobbed his head, taking in another inch at a time.
about my wings,” he deduced from Tony’s silence.
Tony’s eyes darkened. “You feel it?”
.o0o.
They make good time after that, flying down the highways at over eighty miles per hour just to match traffic. Tony remembers reading somewhere that, until recently, Montana had no speed limit on the highways. He laughs as Steve weaves between trucks and cars, clutching him harder than he has since they left Philly.
Steve froze, head down in his pillow, feeling Tony’s eyes skate over his back and ass almost like a real touch. Tony was possessive on a good day, but this–getting to dress Steve up, view him almost like a voyeur to Steve’s own sexual awakening–this felt more intimate than many other things they’d done. Steve tried not to shift as Tony palmed his ass experimentally. He could feel the gossamer fabric shift across his sensitive skin, barely there at all. The heat of Tony’s body radiated through the panties like they weren’t there. His dick twitched, and he wondered how it would feel to have Tony’s hand touch his cock through them.
“Feels, feels good,” Tony managed. “Fingers are cold. Getting warmer. He’s getting so deep, already, and he’s so—hard, it’s unlike anything I’ve ever felt before.”
. He knew how to organize.)
“You don’t even know what you’re saying,” Tony insisted, but his body curled unconsciously closer to Steve’s.
lunch time,” he said. “And I brought you coffee.”
Steve didn’t manage to catch Tony before he returned to his lab the next day, but he did secure a promise via text that he could join him for lunch. He showed up at noon on the dot, carrying a tray full of Chinese food and a mug of steaming coffee.
The gauntlet at his neck slid down to his chest, thumb swiping over one brown nipple. “Stay,” Iron Man commanded, and then the other one slid down, too, caressing his other nipple in tandem. Tony moaned, bucking at the cool touch, letting delicious goosebumps gather over the surface of his skin. He kept his arms above his head. “Good,” the armor praised, tweaking a nipple in reward.
All this was said against Tony’s skin, soft as a prayer. Steve’s hands on his back were so gentle, like Tony was something precious. Steve smelled like Irish Spring soap and aftershave, and the skin of his neck was warm and smooth against Tony’s face.
“Yes, boy, shut your mouth,” Howard growled. His face looked drawn and off-color. “Steve Rogers was...he was the best damn man that ever lived. The best damn man.”
“As you say, Sir.”
Steve did finally let up a little at the real pain in Tony’s voice, but only for a second. Then he was dropping to his knees in front of Tony, pulling on the zipper of the suit to open it. He shoved the material to the side, fumbling for a moment with Tony’s boxers, then carefully pulling Tony’s cock out into the cool air.
Iron Man stumbled and was dragged onto the jet, and Steve set him down as carefully as he could manage. “I need to find Tony,” he told Clint, who was already readying the jet for liftoff to bring Iron Man back to the tower. “He’s the only one that knows how to help him.”
The knot was still overwhelming, but somehow Steve could take it now. He wasn’t shaking out of his skin with overstimulation. It was miraculous to him every time he managed to take it, every time he could crest higher and higher in pleasure. It was impossible and perfect.
Leaving trails of saliva all over, making it hot and messy
“Yes,” Pepper admitted stiffly. “But that’s not really my story to tell.”
Tony was out of the armor, but the undersuit was plastered to him with stale sweat and he was desperate to take a shower. “It can’t wait fifteen minutes, Cap? I gotta get cleaned up.”
JARVIS dialed.
Because of their slower pace, They make it to Sioux Falls just as Tony’s stomach starts to remind him of its existence.
“Sure,” Clint said before he could stop himself, because no one wanted to see that fight happen before both of them could cool down. “Do you, ah. Need some space?”
“Yes, love, I know what you want.” Tony’s hand snaked around to tug at his cock, which was hardening up again. “My greedy Omega.”
The vibrator was regular and relentless, just as Tony’s earlier pets had been. It gave refuge between its bursts of high power, but the roller coaster of speeds had Steve’s head whirling all the same. He was caught on it, waiting for the next crest, begging with his whines when it slowed, and rolling his eyes back in his head when it peaked. The sensation should be lesser, because it wasn’t on his cock at all, but somehow the indirect pleasure was more intense. It built slower, more evenly than a blowjob would have, or even fucking Tony. It was like nothing he’d ever felt before.
“Sure, but I’m a billionaire. I can pay people to do this kinda stuff.”
Tony was straddling Steve’s thighs for the first time—they’d just worked their way up from making out to grinding on the couch. It was their third date. The first was at a little diner in Brooklyn, where Steve had convinced Tony to split a milkshake with him. The second was a trip to Turks and Caicos, which Steve had insisted was over-the-top, but he had still enjoyed the summer sun. And now, they’d just gotten back from an art gallery opening, where Steve had stared in awe at the art, and Tony had stared in awe at Steve.
Steve makes an executive decision to skip Las Vegas, much to Tony’s dismay. He would have loved to see Steve, blushing up to his ears, attempt to turn down a sex worker without offending her. Nevertheless, they make brilliant headway through the deserts of the American Southwest, and by the time they reach Ely, Tony is ready to never set foot on sand again.
“That’s so hot,” Tony couldn’t help murmuring. Steve seemed to notice he was still able to talk, and plundered his mouth again, his hand working furiously to pull Tony’s undershirt up. Finally he gave up and let his wrists go just long enough to drag the clothing off his arms and over his head, then he threw it aside and cought Tony’s wrists against the wall once more.
“Yes. I took two tests, and JARVIS scanned. I called Doctor Gonzalez, but we can—”
Tony is relentless, he's chasing his own pleasure, he's making every thrust hit his prostate dead on, he's moaning and shaking around Steve but he's not letting Steve move an inch.
.o0o.
and just when he thinks he can't take it any longer Tony pushes him back down onto the bed and straddles Steve's hip, using what's left of the lube on his hand to reach down and slick Steve up
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured, and suddenly he was stepping into Tony’s space, and oh, they were kissing now. Okay. Tony could get behind that.
Tony has felt lonely before, sure. But this? This is different. This is a whole new level.
Steve groaned, and Tony rather got the idea that the feeling was mutual.
“I’m uninjured. Tony, honey, are you sure everything is alright? I can skip the briefing and come straight home, I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”
“It’s just, you haven’t really said yes yet.”
“Nothing,” Steve hurried to assure him. “Just—I was thinking about all those times I saw you and Iron Man together. Thinking how—glad I was, that you two had each other. Him to look after your safety, and you to look after his secrets. But really, all this time, you’ve been doing it alone.”
“Me too,” Steve chuckled, dragging them both down onto the soft mattress and spooning Tony, keeping him close as they drifted off.
Tony pounded into him ruthlessly. Steve was going to feel this tomorrow, healing factor or no. He loved when Tony was rough with him, loved the idea of being used for Tony’s pleasure. Again and again, until he was wrung out and so spacey from being knotted that he couldn’t think.
Tony came shouting down Steve’s throat. It seemed to last an eternity. Finally, as his vision cleared and he could feel something besides overwhelming pleasure, he felt that Steve had managed to slip a lubed finger fully into his hole and was now pumping it into him firmly.
“Y-yeah,” Steve agreed, his voice breathy. “He looks—really good.”
too, curling around his cock and catching the fabric against his skin. His ass and cock were enveloped, and he felt himself careening toward the edge of orgasm.
Steve couldn’t take it. He thrust up into Tony’s leg, letting Tony block off his air supply with his dick, and his eyes rolled into the back of his head as he came and came. The orgasm wiped him, his vision going white with hazy pleasure.
Steve latched on again immediately, swirling Tony’s soft cock head with his tongue until he was crying real tears from the overstimulation. His legs shook, and he was sure the only thing keeping him from bucking and collapsing was Steve’s strong forearm pressed into his hips. It was so lovely, and so painful, and horrible and beautiful all at once. Tony felt he was exploding in slow motion as Steve relentlessly teased and swallowed around his soft wet penis.
Now, his wings were tattered and broken. He’d woken up in Afghanistan, pinioned and dirty, his long primaries cut, snapped in some places. He would never fly without the armor again. Even today, he kept the lower half of his wings covered by the advanced prosthetic he invented. His ugly, white primaries never saw the light of day.
“You two are even creepier now that one of you can actually read minds,” Bruce commented from the other side of the sectional.
Steve twitches when Tony leans down, pressing his chest and the nighty against the mess Tony left on Steve's chest, and Steve grasps desperately at Tony's hips to keep him from moving, the overstimulation so strong it hurts
Damn, were Iron Man and Captain America fighting again?
“You loved it that much, then. Don’t worry, it was definitely my new favorite, too. You really are so…beautiful.” Tony sounded like he was in awe.
“Stay,” he growled low in Tony’s ear, biting hard at the shell of it. Then he lowered both his hands to grab possessively at his hips, hard enough to leave the fingerprint bruises Tony loved. The thought of seeing those bruises in the morning had Tony light-headed and grinding back into Steve’s building rhythm. He kept his wrists crossed above him.
Steve seemed taken aback for a moment. “Do folks really ask you all that invasive stuff? I was just going to say, your wings look a lot like mine used to.”
“Nah, Cap, it’s nothing. I’ve been busy, armor upgrades…”
“Beside the point. Stark isn’t after a quick fuck.”
Still, despite his cynicism, Steve kept up a healthy positivity in his daily life. He knew the good was worth fighting for. He saw the best of good every day, and he wanted to keep seeing it. That alone was worth the fighting they did.
Steve scrambled to comply. He always tended to do better with a little direction, at least at first. Tony was so good at providing it.
There was no way to win this.
Steve smiled softly. “That will be hard for you. Nine months without caffeine.”
“Beautiful,” he mouthed into the dip below Tony’s hip bone.
“Me?” Steve gasped, feeling Tony’s fingers play with the short hairs on the back of his neck.
Steve was still pressed against Tony, covering him as efficiently as he knew how, his face turned into Tony’s hair. He walked them resolutely backwards until Tony’s back hit the living room wall. Gratefully Steve pinned him there safe, and pulled back just enough to look him over meticulously.
They spend three days total in Roanoke. Not because either of them has an affinity for the place, but because it is so clearly the last stop before home, and though they’ve been gone almost a month, the thought of ending the trip seems unbearable. Finally, though, on day twenty-seven, Natasha calls them. Steve misses the call, and the message is vague, but they know she wouldn’t call if they weren’t needed back at Avengers HQ. The next morning, with a heavy heart, Tony watches Steve fill up the motorcycle and give her a final maintenance check.
“I’m alright,” Tony promised, threading his now-free hands through Steve’s hair. “We’re alright, love, you made it home.”
want to be married? I mean, aside from hoping to trap a woman into staying with you longer. Obviously they don’t stay long otherwise, not with that halitosis going on.”
“I only have seventeen boxes left, and i go through about one box a week. I have almost four months of popsicles left.”
“They’re all sexy,” Steve mumbled, ducking to press a kiss to Tony’s hair.
“Mine,” Steve snarled fiercely.
Tony takes compliments about as well as a stubborn ox, but in the dark, wrapped in Steve and their blankets, he smiles his soft, secret smile. “You sap,” he murmurs, and leans up to press a kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth.
“Yes, Tony,” Rhodey agreed absentmindedly from the couch in the great room, where he was trying to beat the next level of Candy Crush.
Tony hadn’t taken two cars. Iron Man had lied.
“But how will he—”
Steve almost snorted. He was a soldier, trained and perfected, and he knew how to keep still when the situation called for it. But he let his hackles down. He knew Tony wasn’t humiliating him, only praising him, and the praise was honest. When he finally let go, he was surprised to find that it settled him, and Tony’s clear approval allowed him enough control to relax more fully into the teasing.
“Oh, oh, god, oh,” he moaned.
“I would have these dreams,” Steve murmured, barely above a whisper. “They weren’t conscious, I swear. I’d never—never.”
“What do I do, JARVIS?”
Tony noticed, of course, but aside from his signature cheeky grin, he ignored it. “Up on the bed, baby,” he coaxed. “On your knees.”
Tony writhes under Steve, trapped between the mattress at his back and the undulating of Steve’s hips. Their bare cocks slide together, the most glorious tease, as the rhythm never falters and Tony whines high in his throat. Steve jumped him almost without warning, getting them both naked with military efficiency. But even though they’ve only just started, Tony feels the sweat at the small of his back and matting his hair to his forehead.
“Yours.”
Tags are updated, and will continue to update with each chapter.
Of course, just because he answered the questions doesn’t mean he was nice about it.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. Tony pulled the wet silk up and away from Steve’s hole, exposing it to the air. The silk bunched next to it, out of the way, but his half-softened cock was still covered in the panties and in his own cooling come.
“Yes,” Tony heard his own voice echo back, and remembered how much fun it had been recording those sound bites. “Please.”
Tony didn’t have all that much of a sweet tooth, really. He preferred savory foods, with spice and complex flavor. He loved a burger and fries as much as the next red-blooded American, sure, but when it came to dessert, he would often pass.
Tash followed his line of sight. “Is he still being super gross?”
Steve didn’t stop thrusting, chasing his own peak, but this time, the bursts of pleasure from Steve’s relentless fucking felt muted enough that the didn’t overpower Tony. He floated dazedly, feeling secure and used in the most perfect way, while Steve held him right where he wanted and fucked him hard. This, this was what Tony was wanting. What they’d both been needing.
is kinky. I can totally get behind that. Now, spill.”
“Is that what you’re going to call it?”
The torture continued. Tony soothed his heated skin with a cool, wet towel, gave him sips of water. Still he thrust down, arched his back up, then thrust again. The rhythm ingrained itself in his head, until it was all he could focus on—the next slide, the next pull, the next word of praise from his lover’s lips.
Tony’s wide palms were skating across his back, up his neck to twist in his hair, then down to the small of his back. They mapped out his whole torso before they slipped lower, fingering the delicate seam of the lace panties, learning how the lace felt stretched around his body.
It was true–Steve became incoherent on Tony’s knot. He writhed in pleasure, feeling the full-hot-thereness of Tony, the length and breadth and depth of him all through himself. It was transcendent, to be caught here, filled and used and wild with it. He was reduced to his basest components.
Still. He’d wake up in the middle of the night, boxers sticky, with the mental image of Tony and Iron Man still hanging before his eyes. Tony would be crying out in pleasure, and the thick fingers of the gauntlet would be stroking across his bare chest, over his hip bone, ghosting over the bulge in the front of his pants. Steve, ever a passive observer even in his own dreams, would be breathing heavy in the corner. Maybe Tony would glance up and meet his eyes, grinning sharply, and angle his body so Steve had a better view. Maybe Iron Man would cup and the back of Tony’s head, holding him in place with more strength than even Steve had, and lean down to whisper dirty things in his ear.
Steve chuckled softly. “Is this... how it always feels? For you?”
“You okay?” Tony murmured from the bathroom door, his shirt off and jeans hanging loosely from his hips.
“Hmm,” Tony murmurs in response, slipping a hand into Steve’s sleep shorts until he, too, is screaming so loud that their neighbors complain once more.
Steve remembered Tony’s speech about gender roles in relationships, how limiting one partner or another was generally bullshit, and decided he could at least mention it. Tony had yet to laugh at his suggestions for their sex life.
.o0o.
“Did you finish?” He asked, dropping his book. Just as Tony had predicted, two little glowing pink spots appeared on his cheeks. His eyes tracked to the Iron Dildo at the front of the suit, then danced away, like it was too much to take in at once.
Tony blew cool air across the wet skin, and that did make Steve arch a little away from him, but it also made his cock thrust up a little in envy. To have Tony’s mouth so close…
Steve flexed his grip on the headboard and tried not to groan his disappointment. Tony caught it anyway, and smiled beatifically before returning to his task.
“Your wings,” he started.
thought that, exactly that, out there in the field. How had Tony known how desperate he was?
“You,” Tony breathed, and, wow, suddenly Steve could taste Tony’s breath, and when did they get so much closer? And then they were kissing, Tony’s expert tongue leaving teasing licks along the seam of Steve’s lips until he opened them with a sigh.
They parted, both breathing hard. Steve’s hands had made their way around Tony’s waist, careful not to pull on the bandages. Tony’s hands were buried in his hair, stroking and catching in a way that made shivers run down his spine. Their lips were wet.
It didn’t help that Mr. Stark had the same sense of bold humor as Iron Man, and that he was physically
“You almost died from jumping off a building,” Steve reminded.
And you can see the reactor through the little hole
“I’m going to fuck you,” Iron Man promised, “right here. Where he can see it all.”
“Steve,” he managed weakly, but there was no indication that Steve heard him. The next moment, the blood roaring in his ears was so loud, he couldn’t hear himself, and he came on Steve’s cock, his legs tightening around Steve’s core uselessly.
Finally Tony pulled back, eyeing him contemplatively. Then he grinned, laughing a little.
“There was nothing you could have done,” Steve argues. “No one saw this coming. We all trusted him.”
“Gonna finger you now, okay?” Tony checked in.
“Can’t wait to take you into me,” Steve rumbles. “You feel amazing in me, every time. It’s addicting.”
“And Steve?”
The next day they’re up with the sun and gone, and Tony feels glad to be back on the motorcycle again, the countryside blowing past. Steve drives more carefully on the winding mountain roads, where the slightest misstep could send them hurtling over a cliff. The clouds are even with them in places, and they marvel at the unpeopled valleys below.
"You're alright," Tony says, wrapping his arms around Steve's shivering shoulders and lying back, pulling until Steve's head is resting in the crook of his neck, until he can feel Steve's shaky breath against his neck. He runs his hands up and down Steve's back as he slowly comes down from the high, pressing kissing against his crown.
It wasn’t a tight hold he was in, not at all, but Tony knew if he tried, he wouldn’t be able to break it. He had the commands for this bot, of course. He could get out any time he wanted. But caught in its arms now, Tony couldn’t help but feel a thrill at the prospect of being held, put on display. His cock started to thicken in his jeans.
Steve took the few seconds that Tony was distracted to look him over. His stomach was still wrapped under his shirt, but he was carrying himself more confidently than yesterday, so Steve thought it might be only a flesh wound. His reactor shone bright and undamaged from his chest, and Steve wondered if it was the same one that powered the suit. He hoped not—Tony shouldn’t be powering that advanced tech with the same thing that kept him alive.
Except, feeling Steve’s monster cock against his thigh, he was starting to think he’d need a bit more preparation than he’d anticipated.
“It’s more than that,” Steve disagreed. “You’re tense. You haven’t preened properly in weeks. What’s up?”
Steve kept pumping, speeding up and tightening his grip until Tony was whining high in the back of his throat. He came, spurting warm all over Steve’s hand and stomach.
“Fine, sweet pea,” Tony said, breathy now himself. The excitement, the terror-pleasure of being at someone’s mercy, was causing adrenaline to pour into his system. “I programmed this. It’s for show, he’s not exerting any pressure. I might ask him to, for real, though. Can you imagine? Bruises on my throat, in the shape of the repulsor. Would you like to see that? Maybe kiss them, when he’s finished with me?”
Like....
They cried and laughed together.
Tony’s eyes darkened to almost black, and he grinned. “Next time, I’m putting you in a thong,” he promised, voice full of sex. “It has a string that presses all along here.” He ran one pointed fingertip along Steve’s crack to his hole. The thought of having the panties constantly there against his most sensitive spot had him groaning.
Tony had a Captain America poster hanging over his bed. He had the comic books, though Howard kept them in plastic sleeves and told him he could read them when he was older. He’d heard story after story, he knew everything there was for a five year old boy to know about the good Captain.
“I’d love to see you come like this, beloved,” Tony hummed, and if Steve had been any more coherent, he would have roared in rage. As it was, he moaned and nodded, ready to beg if he had to. “But it doesn’t look like it will be enough to get you there. A shame,” Tony sighed, put upon. “You’re so sensitive, this must be so difficult for you.”
As he came, Tony’s knot slipped back inside, come trickling out around it as Tony ground down for the last time. Steve lost himself in the feeling again, and didn’t say another word.
“Mm, Steve,” Tony responded, “So easy for me, darling. You take it so well.”
“Don’t you have to go to Tokyo?”
“Not, not
“…One twitch, and this thing’ll blow your vertebrae out of your body. I promise, it’s not a fun way to go.”
“Tony,” Steve breathed raggedly, sounding like he was the one with his breathing restricted.
Tony released all the air from his lungs in a harsh sigh. “ETA?”
But no matter how Steve pried, JARVIS would not say anything else. The door to his suite was locked, as were all the other doors, so finally Steve slumped against the hallway wall, cowl in his hands.
“She’s fine,” Steve assures. “I had her covered up last night.”
.o0o.
“Okay,” Mike agreed easily. “Standard rules apply, then. No alcohol, no fish, and you gotta quit caffeine cold turkey. I mean it.”
“I’m right as rain, worrywart,” Tony assured fondly, but his balance was uneven. “I gave myself a transfusion. Didn’t even need DUM-E’s help. I just need a little rest and I’ll be back to normal.”
In an instant Steve was at his side, running soothing hands over his back. “Of course. Of course I want to have a family with you. God, Tony, It’s a dream come true.”
Before long, the full heavy thickness of Steve was sliding into his throat, cutting off his air. He looked up through his eyelashes to see Steve, cheeks flushed, staring down at him. His eyes seemed almost lit from inside, hooded and awestruck. “Tony,” he whispered.
“Let’s refocus,” Coulson all but begged from the front of the conference room.
The silk nightie is getting wrinkles under Steve's grip, it's got precome and lube all over
With two fingers scissoring inside Steve, Tony could reach his prostate easily. He glanced by it with every thrust. Steve moaned and shouted his pleasure, feeling his cock harden once more, stretching the front of the panties obscenely.
“Ride me.”
And he does.
Speaking of Tony Stark...
“Your wish, my command,” Iron Man agreed snarkily. Then, shifting his posture just slightly, he rammed his Iron cock directly into Tony’s prostate, not slowing down once.
Steve was a mess–he was still in uniform, gloves hanging from one hand, shield on his back. His hair was windswept, like he’d torn through the New York streets without a helmet again. He was smudged with dirt and mud, so much so that Tony found it difficult to look him over for bruises or cuts. His eyes were hollow, wild, like he’d seen things he wanted to forget. Tony’s heart broke that it was a familiar expression.
“Then that’s what we’ll do,” Tony responded, taking charge. “Why don’t you go sit in that chair, hm? We’ll put on a show for you.”
That was where he made himself stop. With both of them happy together. Just the contrast of Mr. Stark’s lithe form and the bulk of the armor was enough to make him shiver. He didn’t need more than that.
Tony shrugs, and ignores the beat his heart skipped at the word relationship. “The Avengers will be fine without me. You’ve got Thor back from Asgard, so you’ll have air support. I don’t think that you’ll need me, unless the world ends again.”
“Tony,” Steve whispered back, bowing low to bury his face in Tony’s stomach. He sucked in his next breath through his teeth. “You’re safe. You’re alright.”
“Hmm.” [He’s afraid of you finding out how unspeakably in love he is with Stark,] she filled in for him.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees. “That’s sounds nice.”
“Perfect. Follow me.”
“Yes, please.”
They are straddling the bike again less than half an hour later. The day is overcast, but not threatening rain, according to Steve, so they press on, Tony paying less attention to their route and more to the towns and scenery they pass along the way.
Steve, for his part, was squeezing the base of his cock, and looked like he was trying desperately not to come. He panted, face red with exertion. Soft locks of his hair stuck to his forehead with sweat. “Do it,” he commanded. “Fuck him.”
“Hey, Steve,” Tony breathed, and for the first time since that morning, it felt like he was getting a full breath of air, even with Steve wrapped tightly around him.
Steve looked confused again. “Oh, you were. We talked about kids, you remember? I mean, you had had a bit of Thor’s mead, but not that much, you should remember—”
Tony just grunted as the next thrust scraped along his prostate.
Tony’s hair was in disarray, sweaty and sticking up every which way. He looked like he’d just gotten out of their bed after a thorough lovemaking session. His eyes were still bright with adrenaline from the fight, his shoulders set firmly upright, and that suit was clinging to every curve and muscle. Steve’s mouth watered.
“Red, white, and…”
It feels so good Steve could come right there, but he can't, he can't, there's not enough friction, he's just barely being pushed into Tony, circling his prostate, but it's not enough
“I thought we’d be covering more ground than this,” Tony grouses at dinner—yet another local place that Steve had intuitively discovered.
“Shut up,” Clint shot back, but he was still grinning. “Happy anniversary.”
“Nothing special about that, Cap,” Tony chuckled brightly, but it was fake. “I had an extra car. Sometimes the Audi just doesn’t feel right, you know? So I switch to the Jag. It’s a side effect of being a spoiled rich boy.”
“Why did he have JARVIS lock everything down? I thought—I thought we were…that he trusted me.”
“Sleep well,” he murmured softly before making his way back down to the lab.
Tony wobbled on his feet for a second before catching his balance. He felt between his legs. “No damage,” he reported. “Perfect test run.”
and he leans forward and nuzzles and mouths at Steve's cock through his sleep pants until he's hard and wet and Steve is running his hands through Tony's hair
“Steve, I don’t think—”
A soft hand caught his chin and lifted his gaze back up. Steve’s eyes were sparkling in the low light, his eyes trained on Tony’s. “It’s still New Year’s,” he murmured, leaning in closer.
“Nngh!”
“No! Steve, you don’t think I’d really let that go on with my knowledge!”
“One of them was Coulson,” Steve intuited.
.o0o.
Tony couldn’t turn his head to see Steve’s face, anymore, but the gurgling noise he made sounded positive. “I thought so,” he crooned, leaning forward into the armor’s grip to slim his air supply, just slightly. Just enough so Steve could hear it in his voice. “I thought you might like to see the reminder. See what Iron Man did to me.”
Steve pulled off, only to nuzzle into his groin, smelling Tony’s musk there. “Tony,” he intoned. “I need it. I need you. Let me take what I need.”
“You’re into me.”
They were on their way back to the Avengers floors in the tower, holding hands and staring into each other’s eyes like they were a cliche.
“The silk, it’s–”
“Can I leave you in a bit of a mess?” he implored as he fixed the panties back in place. “I love the thought of you leaking my come all night.”
Steve shot him a sardonic smile. “Then why were you cleaning up your own tower without any help?”
“God, baby. How many of them caught you? Natasha definitely knew. Now I know why she was looking particularly bored today.” Steve tried to pull off again to respond, but Tony held him in place. “Clint knows what Natasha knows. Thor is the god of fertility. He has a sixth sense for when people are horny. and Bruce would take one look at your ears turning such a pretty red and instantly know what you were thinking.” He brushed his fingertips across said ears, which were indeed bright red.
Alternate ending: Tony leans over to Steve's ear, wrapping a strong arm around him, and whispers, "I could go again."
Iron Man fingered him thoroughly, pressing in slow and deep. The metal warmed inside Tony’s body, leeching coolness into him, making him shudder at the foreign sensation. One finger pumped inside him at an even, controlled pace, before another bumped against his rim.
The next moment, he doesn’t really care anymore, because Steve is bracing himself on Tony’s chest with one hand, and reaching behind himself with the other. He doesn’t flinch as he slides what must be two fingers in to the hilt, bearing down and sighing. It’s the hottest thing Tony has ever seen.
Tony coughed. “Yeah, I mean. They weren’t nearly as good-looking as yours. And now they’re—I wouldn’t inflict the sight of them on you, really. I’m not implying we were—are—pattern matches, or, or
“You dye your wings?!”
[Please say yes, I have nothing else to do that will keep me away from Steve. Or from thinking about Steve.]
But Steve kept the kiss sweet and close-mouthed. He pulled back before Tony would have, cupping his jaw carefully, and smiled his genuine Steve smile. None of that pasty fake “Captain” smile was to be seen.
Steve’s ashen, dirty face turned down to look at him, blinking uncertainly. Tony met his gaze, relaxing into his lover’s hold, into what was going to happen.
“Is the bike okay?” Tony asks, tugging on Steve’s sleeve until he cuddles up next to him on the loveseat.
The drive back to the airport feels final, but comforting. They’re returning to real life, after all—a life with friends and jobs they enjoy and each other. Despite all the wonderful things they have seen, it still feels nice to be heading back to their landing place. Home, Tony supposes. The word feels nice to say.
Just as he was opening his mouth to ask Tony for something, for anything to anchor him, he felt his fingertips pressing on his bottom lip like a benediction, like a savior. He sucked them in gratefully, laving his tongue against the pads, and instantly he felt calmed. He distantly heard Tony’s voice saying, “Yes, shh, there you go. My darling, you’re doing so well. I know it’s a lot, and you’re taking it so amazingly.”
“I’m gonna ride you,” Steve tells him, and it sounds like a promise. “I’m gonna feel you so deep in me.”
After a few more moments, Steve gave one last herculean thrust, then buried himself to the hilt inside Tony’s now abused hole. He groaned, clutching Tony impossibly closer as he spent himself. Tony found the energy to moan in appreciation.
Of course, Tony probably would have eventually done this without Steve’s fantasies prompting him. He was a very sexual being, and he hadn’t been lying when he’d said he was intrigued by the idea of making out with himself. He loved the armor, and he loved sex. This was simply a natural progression, for him.
“Tony,” Steve finally cut him off, once they had eaten. “I wanted to...let you know, I guess. That I’ve figured it out.”
“I’m serious, big guy,” Tony leered. He was in his element, a teasing smile on his face, and his tan skin on display. “I wanna hear about your dirty day-dreams. Call me curious.”
Before he could take in any more detail, or even say hello, Steve had dropped the shield carelessly on the hardwood floor and, in two long strides, was pressed up to Tony’s side. He wrapped both his arms around Tony’s middle, shoving his nose into his hair.
“No! I pictured you kissing the man inside the armor. Which, of course, is stupid.”
“Let’s run through this piece by piece. Did you know what Stane was doing?”
But then, as he was wont to do, Tony started talking.
Tony was pacing a hole in the workshop floor, trying his level best not to pluck all his down out. Dummy was trailing after him, picking up the glittering tufts of feathers as they fell when Tony didn’t manage to stop himself. It was embarrassing that he was letting something so trivial affect him so intensely, but it felt, it felt…
The line rang over JARVIS’ speakers. “Gonzalez,” Mike answered a moment later.
Steve nodded and stepped into their bedroom behind Tony, suddenly aware of how light the fabric of the panties felt. It didn’t feel like he was wearing anything, except for where it held his cock close to the heat of his body. Even the waistband was like a whisper against his skin.
Steve tried to scoff, but he was too tired to commit to it, and instead he pressed a sleepy kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Did you…”
“I’d tell you you might be able to have half a cup a day if I didn’t know you’d abuse that. No, no coffee at all for you.”
“Iron Man, report!”
“Uh huh,” Tony cocked his head, disbelieving. “If that was all it was, you wouldn’t be embarrassed.”
Tony stood staring after him for long moments, wondering if he wanted to believe in soulmates after all.
.o0o.
Steve is pathetically grateful for it, but then it hits him that even if he did come, Tony probably wouldn't stop, he would just keep riding him, not letting him get soft
Mike Gonzalez was the best damn OBGYN in the state of New York, and he was former military. He insisted on calling Steve by his full title, no matter how many times Steve told him he didn’t have to.
When he met Steve Rogers, Tony eyed his red, white, and blue wings suspiciously. Their pattern was similar—Tony’s red was maybe a little darker, but it fell in the same places on their wings, down to the white tips. The major difference was Rogers’ deep blue down, covering the underside of his wings. It was so pure and solid, Tony loathed to compare his now patchy gold. He shook his head.
Dyeing wings was still pretty taboo, even in the 21st century. That someone like Captain America would dye them was unthinkable.
A few more licks and Steve finally pulled off Tony’s cock. He ducked down to look at where his fingers were disappearing into Tony, gaze hungry and bright. Then, keeping Tony pinned by his hip, he stood and pressed his body against Tony’s, trapping him naked against the wall. Steve’s uniform was still on him, and dirty, and in places where they touched, he left traces of dirt on Tony’s naked skin.
Steve glanced at the prosthetics, then quickly back to Tony’s face. “They look normal to me. Did you get hurt?”
[No one is listening but the Captain,] Coulson asserted from the front. [I suppose it’s too much to ask for on a Monday afternoon.]
Steve could feel his face heating, and saw Tony’s gaze follow the flush across his skin. “You don’t have to make fun of me. I didn’t know Iron Man was you.”
“Yes, darling, it’s a shock, isn’t it? Don’t worry, it will leech some of the heat off. Give you a chance to cool down.”
“Weeks?”
Tony stared blankly at Steve, then at Steve’s lips. “Of course? Why wouldn’t you be able to?”
“Even if that was any of your business, it still wouldn’t matter. Straight people have open relationships too, and God doesn’t smite any of
Tony fucked like he fought–with purpose. He pierced down into Steve, battering his prostate and stretching him wide in a way that could almost be described as efficient. He was just as ruthless in his fast fucking as the slow, and Steve was helpless against the pull of his tide.
Steve nodded his head, staring blindly up at the ceiling, unable to take in more stimuli. The fullness in his ass was all-consuming. It was all he could think about. This was the thing he craved. He was going to start crying.
Around four o’clock, the system was optimized, and Stark yawned and scratched his belly. “Alright, team. Good work. I’m gonna go crash for five hours, I have to catch a flight to Sydney at ten.”
“I know, Tony. I know you weren’t trying. But, you’re sure?”
Steve was already up in the penthouse, reading while curled up on the sofa. Tony strolled in with the Iron Lover stomping after him, and Steve looked up right away, his face open and hopeful.
[Thank you, Barton.] Clint didn’t turn to look at Stark again, but he gave a single sharp nod.
Oklahoma City to Memphis is a seven hour drive, normally. But this Saturday, it was packed with traffic nearly the whole drive. “It’s Memorial Day Weekend,” Steve finally remembered when they stopped for lunch. “We might get there by dinner.”
“Tony
Rhodey dodged the pillow almost without trying and finally set down his phone. “Alright, then, Tones,” he relented. “Tell me all about how much you hate Captain America.”
They slumped against one another, then Steve lowered them carefully down the wall, slipping out of Tony as he went. Tony began immediately to leak Steve’s copious come onto the floor, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony called, waltzing into the locker room as Steve was wrapping his hands. “What’s shaking?”
Steve stared at the gift again. “But. The reactor is your tech. You always say—“
The questing finger came back slick with lube, coating Tony’s hole and giving tiny pushes in. It didn’t breach him, not yet, but Tony couldn’t hold back a groan of relief.
Steve presses his nose into Tony’s hair, and Tony can feel his smile.
Finally. Tony had finally done it. He’d built the most expensive and ridiculous sex toy on the planet. Steve would be so excited, he’d get those adorable spots of red high on his cheeks.
“It’s—mm, yeah—it’s built into his fingers,” Tony replied. “He’s refillable.”
She smiled sadly. “No, no you weren’t. He doesn’t like people to know.” She crouched beside him and slipped her heels off, joining him on the floor. “He’s convinced it’s dangerous for the people close to him if they know.”
So, all in all, Steve figured it was fine to daydream here and there. Both of the men were single, so he wasn’t cutting out their partners. He wasn’t hurting anyone, anyway. Most of his daydreams were pretty tame compared to the things he’d read about them all on the internet. Besides, it wasn’t like he was picturing
Steve was still looking at the mini reactor like it held the answers to all the world’s secrets. Tony shifted uncomfortably. “If you don’t like it, I can—“
(See the end of the chapter for
“Reminiscing on the good old days when, for one shining moment, I knew something you didn’t know about Tony Stark.”
“S-sorry,” Steve stammered. “Sorry, I uh. Lost in thought.”
“The formula they use for the Cap ones is unique, don’t you see?” Tony shook his head. “I’ll never taste this sweet perfection again.”
“you’ve been avoiding me,” Steve interrupted his self-pitying train of thought. “Did I do something?”
“Before, I had white tips, too,” he confessed softly. “I miss them.”
with brimstone.”
Steve kept this up until Tony was wracked with shakes, trying desperately to get away from the feeling of too-much-too-hot-friction. He slipped in a second finger to his hole, pressing until it stretched wide around the two digits and he could unerringly stroke against Tony’s prostate. Bizarrely, almost as if from a dream state, Tony realized he was beginning to get hard again. He wailed in pain, for it really was too soon, but Steve hummed euphorically and began sucking harder, coaxing Tony back to full hardness in record time. His fingers pumped inside, scissoring and stroking Tony’s prostate.
By the time they make it back to the motorcycle, their toes are covered in wet sand and their hair is windblown. They clean off as best they can, but Tony still has the grit of sand on the inside of his socks for the rest of the day.
Stark scooted back from the table so he was just out of Clint’s radius. “What, Barton,” he half-sneered, half-cajoled. “Can’t handle a little sensual daydream every once in a while?”
"Not yet, baby, let me do this. you just enjoy the show."
“I’m glad.”
When he met Steve Rogers, Tony eyed his red, white, and blue wings suspiciously. Their pattern was similar—Tony’s red was maybe a little darker, but it fell in the same places on their wings, down to the white tips. The major difference was Rogers’ deep blue down, covering the underside of his wings. It was so pure and solid, Tony loathed to compare his now patchy gold. He shook his head.
Steve doesn’t always like to talk much during sex, preferring to let Tony run the show in the verbal department unless asked a direct question, but he can’t resist saying, “This isn’t a slowdown. It’s a full stagnation.”
“Oh, no,” Pepper moaned as she entered the hall fifteen minutes later. “I
“I mean, yes. But they would probably look like that now if I stopped dyeing them.”
It turned out that ‘here’ was Yellowstone National Park, and that Steve had just taken his morning run in the park itself. They spend all day hiking around, taking in the sights. Tony, though he is an active person by nature, has more trouble than normal keeping up with Steve.
“Cap?” Tony asked, waving a hand in front of Steve to get his attention. “Hello? Anyone home?”
Because I posted ch10 late, I'm posting this one early ;)
“Shhh, shhh. You’re okay, Steve.” Tony soothed. “You’re doing so well for me, honey. Look at those glutes pumping.”
Later, after the fight was done and the aliens had destroyed half of New York, Rogers cornered Tony in a SHIELD conference room post-debrief.
[Steve would look so lovely in my bed,] Stark was daydreaming. Clint prepared to leave the room, because no way in hell did he want to be party to a sexual fantasy about his pseudo-boss. But Stark simply thought, [he reads books before bed. It would be so nice to come into my room and see him propped up, reading a paperback, and dressed in soft clothes.]
“Jesus, that is so hot.” Tony whined as Steve thrust again. His dick was half-hard but so unprepared for this onslaught. When he tried to shift away, Steve only tightened his grip of Tony’s hips, keeping him pinned to the wall and unable to escape the sensations.
Tony reached up to brace a hand on his shoulder, refusing to let Steve turn away in shame. “Iron Man? Or, or me? Tony Stark?”
"Pep and I…" Tony's expression seals off for a moment, but he seems to come to a conclusion quickly. "...we have an… arrangement."
"It's not pretty," Tony says, and Steve can see the blue circle shining through the fabric. He's read the reports. He knows there must be scars under there.
"Okay," he hears himself whispering. "Come on.” He guides Tony to the bedroom. He's not even sure Tony's in the right mood for this, but at least he wouldn't have to worry about keeping him upright in here.
That gets Steve's attention, but he figures it wouldn't do any good to question it, and just nods his head, letting his chin rub against the top of Tony's head. "Thank you, too."
What he pointedly
"I'm not any more experienced today than I was the morning you left."
It was nothing more than a one-time-thing, he tells himself.
At some point, Tony offhandedly remarks that the Tower's structural integrity is sound, and if anyone wants it, there's plenty of rooms to crash in for the night. So eventually, they let Tony usher them to the massive building.
They part ways then, as Tony goes to see Pepper, and Steve goes to check up on the rest of their team. He tries not to look too closely at the new aching feeling in his chest, a feeling that is now nestled next to everything else Steve already carries.
Tony leans in to deliver a kiss, now much more focused, full of tongue and desire, and it has Steve dizzy by the time it's over. He pulls himself up and onto his feet, determinedly not wavering as he watches Tony slide onto the bed more fully, and he follows him onto it, hovers above him on hands and knees, watches the low-riding jeans tease Tony's hip-bone so.
The silence stretches, and Steve wonders how long it'll take Tony to start laughing.
When they meet for the first time, Steve can't get a good read on Tony Stark. Sure, he's read the files, but no paper can convey a personality, and the suit of armor leaves much to be desired. They don't get along well at first, but that's nothing new for Steve. He has a way of making bad first impressions, and with how much he's been struggling since he came out of the ice, he's surprised things aren't even worse.
. Steve isn't even sure what to do when tongues come into play, but Tony patiently shows him, and he's always been quick to learn new things, even more so since the serum. He feels hot all over, like he's overdressed and drenched in boiling water, and it all gets so much headier when Tony rubs himself against Steve's body fully. The uniform doesn't allow much sensation, but just the pressure, the heat of it is maddening, and it's already making him crave more.
A quick rearranging of position puts Tony with his legs firmly wrapped around Steve's middle, and Steve's thighs supporting Tony's lower back, and this is it, he thinks as he starts to slide in. His first time is right here and now, with Tony, and it's not even out of any deep emotions and yet… It feels right. It feels like this is how it's supposed to be. Steve concentrates on the tight, molten heat surrounding him, and rests his head against Tony's shoulder.
Tony eyes him a little more intently after this, reaches for his hand and pulls it to his face instead. He kisses every finger in turn, and then his palm, and Steve thinks this is oddly intimate. He's not sure if this even falls in the casual-sex definition, but he doesn't question it, either. Tony's looking at him like there's nothing else he'd want to look at right now. "Wouldn't be here if I thought you couldn't do it," is all he says, and Steve gulps and nods his head.
Slowly, Steve reaches for the sponge next to him and scrubs it over Tony's back, starting at his shoulders. At first they're general, long motions, but Tony flinches when the sponge snags and rubs over his wounds, so Steve adjusts his motions, gentles the scrubbing and dabs the sponge only lightly over the purpling areas. A soft sigh falls from Tony's lips, and Steve suspects he's not supposed to have heard that.
Tony's eyes are lowered when Steve turns his gaze on him. He helps Tony get the sleep shirt off and lets it drop beside him. Tony feasts his eyes on the sight of him and Steve gets that now-familiar warmth in his belly at being so appreciated.
Steve thinks, not for the first time, that the pizza delivery guy really ought to get the addresses right, and stop knocking at ungodly hours of the night. He opens the door, ready to ward off the intrusion, and then he's reduced to staring. It's only after a long moment that he remembers himself and moves out of the way, letting Tony into his humble apartment and closing the door behind him.
In any case, Tony seems to be doing everything in his power to rile everyone up, completely disregarding the very real danger that Loki might do something terrible with the Tesseract while they're distracted, and no one seems to be able to get him in line. Of course, Steve has to admit that he does see bits and pieces of Tony's brilliance, regardless of their conflicting personalities.
They wash off the evidence and then dry off quickly. Steve feels changed, but he's not sure in what way. He follows Tony to the bedroom and they wear whatever they find in the cupboard. Steve doesn't ask Tony about the clothes, seeing as the place had been supposedly uninhabited, and simply puts them on.
. He is severely inexperienced and Tony Stark is
Tony approaches him, hesitates, and then reaches out a hand to grasp at Steve's sleep shirt. It's a careful motion, slow but constant, like he's waiting for Steve to pull back, but he stands his ground. A breath stutters out of Tony when he finally gets a good hold, his knuckles brushing against Steve's side through the material of the shirt.
"It's…" He grips for adequate words. "Nice."
For some reason, Steve is the last to have a place assigned. They keep a tentative silence between them as they head for where Steve assumes is his designated guest-room for the night. When they finally get there, Tony stands back, watching him take in the room. It's lush and expensive, even after the ruin in the top floors. Some stuff is knocked over and there's dust settled where it probably shouldn't be, but it all looks pretty much intact.
Steve sighs and takes Tony's mug from him. He turns to refill it at the counter before handing it back and settling back down across from him. Tony gives him a guarded look, and Steve quietly resents his automatic response. "And what do I think it is?"
"Don't freak out."
"Were you going to bed me with your shirt on?"
And even if Tony
They didn’t get along much and Steve is the first to admit that. But there’s something there… in Tony’s eyes, in the way he holds himself, Steve just doesn’t know what to make of it.
They get shawarma. Steve's bone tired and a little subdued now. He can't remember the last time he slept and he isn't in the mood to talk to any of the others. Tony casts him contemplative looks, here and there. And for some reason, Steve’s eyes are drawn to him, as well.
Repeating the motion, Steve smiles. With a bit of his confidence restored, he reaches for a pack of lube and tears it open over his fingers, coats them with the slick, then reaches down to slide one against Tony's hole. A glance at his face and a short pause make Tony return the look. God, he's so tense… A jerky little nod of the head is all Steve needs before he presses his finger more firmly against him.
"Never." Tony's tone is flippant, but when Steve looks at him again--and when had he lowered his gaze?--his expression is still sealed off, ready for criticism. Steve just stares.
Tony chuckles, and it sounds a little hollow, but he pushes himself off the wall he'd been propped up against nonetheless. "Nice, huh? That's it?"
Time sort of loses meaning for a while after that. All that matters is motion and sensation. The way Tony kneads Steve's ass, his soft little sounds, the smell of his sweat. Their bodies move like they were meant to fit like this, and Steve doesn't want it to end.
Well, whatever Tony's expecting, Steve hopes this is enough supplies. Tony makes a low humming sound under his breath, and Steve turns to him. The nerves play under his ribcage but he knows he can do it--Tony needs him to.
Steve thinks he might know where this is going. He hasn't been around this new century very long. Sure, where he comes from, the world he lived in two weeks ago, people did what they needed to do to keep themselves reasonably sane, too. They just didn't talk about it. What Tony is talking about sounds absurd. "An arrangement?"
"More than," Tony finally manages on a pant, eyes lighting on Steve's hardness. "Mind getting that in me?" he asks, wiggling against Steve's hand, and Steve feels a twitch of anticipation down his spine and at the base of his cock. He nods his head and withdraws his fingers, reaching for a condom with his clean hand. He rips the foil open with his teeth and draws out the rubber, then rolls it on. Adding lube, Steve reaches for Tony again.
To say this is a surprise would be a severe understatement.
A sound escapes Tony as they kiss, maybe relief, maybe something else. Steve doesn't ask. He reaches for Tony, letting his hands rest on his flanks, not entirely touching him, before Tony wraps his arms around his shoulders and
He doesn't even know why Tony thinks he would, but he stays quiet anyway, says nothing and just holds him. If Tony needs that warm body, and he trusts Steve enough for this… Well. Steve can handle that. He'd help a friend in need, even if Tony hadn't treated him so great after the previous time.
drift through his mind, but he doesn't comment on it.
"Your touch feels nice," Tony says suddenly, snapping Steve out of his acute focus.
Tony doesn't seem to be much in a hurry either, but after a while he reaches down and pulls on his rock hard cock, his cries becoming more urgent, his movement more erratic, and before Steve knows it, Tony's gone, warmth coating their bellies in slow pulses. Steve is so far beyond the ability to withstand the sheer sensuality of it, that he takes only a few more thrusts to reach completion too. It's a full body experience, so much more intense than when he does it on his own, and he rolls with it, leaning heavily on Tony afterwards.
Tony wrinkles his nose like he doesn't believe it, his lips tilted downwards at the corners, but then he nods his head and leads Steve to the shower-room.
"Steve?" Tony asks, his voice quiet, as Steve feels himself drifting off. He gives a questioning hum. "Thank you."
Tony, in turn, lets out a breath of his own, and it's a fragile thing. Even as he speaks, a knot between Tony's brows tells Steve the truth. "You can touch that, too, but just--"
It slides in easier than he'd expected, and Tony hitches a breath, eyes falling closed as his legs part a little more. "Steve…" he whispers, drawing him in. Steve watches, mesmerized, at the way Tony's lips hang open and his brows furrow, and the wet heat engulfs his finger like velvet. He holds his breath and tries a second finger, and that makes Tony
This, Steve thinks absently as his eyes fall closed for a brief moment, is his third kiss
Steve pulls back abruptly, hands falling on Tony's shoulders. His heart is racing as are his thoughts. What the hell is going on here? Nothing at all had indicated this was going to happen and to be honest, Steve had been under the impression that Tony couldn't even stand him and--
They get rid of the rest of their clothes pretty quickly. Steve notes a twinge in his ribs and wonders if they're bruised or fractured, but then ignores it. He's healing. It'll pass soon and the water will help. When his eyes settle on Tony's body, it gives him pause. Sure he'd seen men naked before, but now the context is different, and he's not sure where to even start. Tony saves him the trouble and grins at him before turning to get the shower started.
"What we need… it's in my back pockets," Tony says when Steve leans over to kiss him, and Steve pauses to take that in. He nods his head to show he got it and kisses Tony, sliding his tongue past his lips to taste him. His hands roam Tony's skin, and he's pleased when warm, callused hands slide up his rib cage and along his back. He presses down a little more, enjoying the way their bodies fit together, before finally pulling back and resting a hand on Tony's belly, to indicate that he should stay put. Tony follows him with his eyes, chest heaving, as Steve fumbles for the discarded pants to retrieve a couple of lube packets and a few condoms.
Steve lets his hands rest on Tony's hips. He's almost dizzy with how surreal it all feels. Tony's eyes are set on his face once he pulls back, but Steve looks down instead, sees Tony's interest and feels himself blushing even more. His thumbs caress slow circles next to Tony's hipbone and he feels, already, that this is too much. He shouldn't be touching Tony so casually--intimately, but Tony sighs and leans a little into the touch.
When he's got Tony to sit at the edge of the bed, Tony looks up at him, a hopeful gaze. His brown eyes are so expressive, Steve wonders how anyone can refuse this guy anything he wants. And, well, it might have something to do with infuriating personality and a tendency to never put into words what it
"Alright," Steve says then, his voice soft as he reaches up to cover Tony's hand with his own. "Tell me what you need."
Steve considers adding another finger, and glancing at Tony, he realizes he can't really ask him. Tony's twisting the bedsheets in his hands and pressing his cheek to the cool mattress, so Steve just goes for it. It's a tighter fit, and Tony momentarily squeezes in surprise, his eyes snapping open and zooming on Steve, but the smile smeared on his face is welcoming, so he assumes that's answer enough. "Alright?" Steve asks despite himself, and Tony doesn't dignify that with a verbal answer, only gives a low groan when Steve crooks his fingers just so.
"Shower sounds good," Steve answers quickly, and when he catches Tony's hesitation, he reaches to squeeze his shoulder in a gesture that shouldn't be as awkward as it is. "You're fine, Tony. This…" he gestures at the arc-reactor, "is really not as bad as you made it sound…"
gone. He'd only let the whole world think so, including Steve. The news of his return had been a sigh of relief, but now Steve can't help but wonder, briefly and painfully, if there had been even a moment when Tony had thought about calling him for help.
"I don't…" Steve glances over, and Tony is standing closer than he'd expected. Steve doesn't step back. "I'm not used to this… uh…" God, he's nervous. Why is he nervous?
Is all Steve manages to think when Tony grasps his uniform collar and pulls him down for a kiss.
"Never," he repeats, almost a question, then sighs, looks away. "Why me, Tony? Why now?" And there are so many reasons why it's a bad idea, why they absolutely shouldn't. Steve's still in grief, he's inexperienced and tends to fall for the absolutely unattainable. And Tony's still shaken from his trip to space, let alone all of his other hangups that Steve doesn't even know about but knows must exist.
They get under the water, and while Tony’s fiddling with the faucets, Steve watches as some of the scrapes on his back start bleeding, giving the water that rivulets down his body a faint pinkish hue. Steve's in completely new territory here. He'd never shared showers with anyone as a precursor to other things, and so he's resigned to following Tony's lead for now.
They drift off to sleep like this, and in the morning Tony wakes him up with a hand on his dick. Steve doesn't ask himself why, but he goes along with it anyway, and when he ushers Tony out of his apartment later, he's proud about the slight stall in Tony's step and the marks on his neck.
"Steve…" Tony's voice is hushed when Steve settles between his parted thighs, contemplating the packets of lube. "I can take care of this part--" He drops the sentence when Steve shoots him a look. He's never shied from a challenge before, and he's not going to start now. He gives a small smile then, lowering his gaze to Tony's groin.
"Something Pepper can't give you."
To say it's a bit of a surprise when Tony's hand wraps around his dick would be an understatement. It's fully hard, Steve's interest is pretty clear, and Tony seems pleased when Steve doesn't pull away. A few more shuddering breaths fall from Steve's lips before he reaches both hands to Tony's shoulders, trying to keep himself upright. "Perfect," Tony praises.
single, Steve does remember all the stuff he'd read about him in the files. Emotional investment sure wasn't in there.
And then it's over. Steve slowly remembers himself, feels every part of his body in slow succession, takes his weight back on his elbows and turns to check on Tony.
He thinks, for a crazy moment, that this must be the slowest anyone's ever gone with Tony, then shoves the thought out of his mind.
"That. I told you not to do that," Tony says, almost scolding, but he doesn't step back. He makes no move to kiss him again, for which Steve is grateful. He watches Tony's face closely for… anything, really, but all he can see is exhaustion, a tightness around the eyes.
"Shh…" Steve stops him when he feels him start to shake, rubbing a soothing palm along Tony's back. "I don't regret it. I don't know why you chose to come here, but I don't regret it, and neither should you, okay?"
Steve isn't sure why Tony's still there.
"Coffee?" Steve offers when the silence had stretched long enough. Tony fidgets in his place, rocks onto his toes, then slides his weight back to his heels. He twists his lips and then gives a quick nod of the head. Steve turns from him and heads for the kitchen. If Tony wants to, he can follow, and if not, he can stay by the door. Steve sets his jaw and reminds himself that they are nothing more than acquaintances.
"Wouldn't blame you," Tony continues after a beat. "I mean, even I can admit I was a little flaky--"
It's really not as bad as Tony seems to think it is. Even in the dimness Steve can see the scarring, but it's all healed over, tender slivers of lighter shaded skin, barely noticeable. In the center, the arc reactor hums, drawing Steve's eyes. He doesn't reach for it, just stares. He can't imagine what having this kind of contraption lodged into the chest cavity feels like. Tony says nothing and the silence lingers.
Steve can't fathom this man at all. He shakes his head once and then nods it. "Alright."
Steve rolls his eyes, then tugs on the shirt once more. "I don't care what it looks like. We do this, we do it naked."
Steve isn't sure what to say to that. He inclines his head a little and then resumes his motions. "That's good," he replies at last, turning Tony gently to stand under the spray of water to help rinse off the soap. Tony's eyes are closed when Steve catches a glimpse of his face. Words like
"Observant. I like that," Tony counters, forces a smile and imitates Steve's pose. The collar of the shirt Tony's wearing slides aside and Steve realizes something is off. Before he can ask about it, however, Tony continues talking. "It's exactly what you think it is, Rogers."
Tony chews on his lower lip, contemplating the mug in front of him. "S'been a rough week," he finally says, defeated. "I need… I need…"
he needs. Steve really wouldn't know either way, of course. He hasn't had the chance to spend much time with him. All he has to go by is that look and the utter desperation Tony had approached him with.
