"I couldn't sleep. I don't know why, but I remembered Tom had said something about leftover sandwiches behind the counter. Do you want one?" John asked.
John interrupted, "I'd rather not discuss last night if you don't mind," he ran his fingers through his hair. His manner became flustered and he paced back and forth.
"There was a rose found at every murder, except the first. There was no rose there. Why? Where was his rose?"
John lay there, hands clasped behind his head. Bing Crosby played beside him and he closed his eyes, imagining the White Christmas that the deep, soothing voice sang of. It was one of his favourite carols. As a child, he would listen to it and twirl the ornaments that decorated the Christmas tree. A flat, round glass bauble was the one he remembered the best. It depicted a snowy countryside with a red sleigh pulled by a team of lean, auburn horses. The trees were bare, the branches lifted to the clear sky. The back of the ornament was painted gold and it shined and reflected his face as it spun. There were many ornaments collected through the years, but that one was special. It's glass was thin, delicate, and smooth. So thin it was, that it did not stand up to Harry's drunken shenanigans one Christmas Eve. John had been heartbroken when the precious trinket dropped and shattered on the floor beneath the tree. In slow motion it seemed to happen and the sound of the glass breaking echoed in his ears for a long while.
It was a study. The decor was dark and rich; swaths of scarlet and mahogany wrapped themselves around the room like old friends in greeting. Shelves of books lined the wall to the left and a large wood desk stood to the right. The far wall boasted a stunning fireplace, which was indeed the source of the light that he had previously viewed from the entrance hall. A red, plush armchair with a thin-legged side table rested in front of it and John thought for the slightest of moments that he may be disturbing someone. But as he approached, he found the chair empty. The fire felt warm though and it comforted him in this barren and winter-ridden manor. He stepped closer and held his hands out, for they were quite frozen through.
Then, a wolf cry. He stopped, which was not what one should do in an instance of known danger, but nonetheless it stopped the man dead in his tracks. He listened again, but could not tell from which direction it had come. He instinctively reached around to where he normally carried his gun, but found it empty. Sherlock must have removed it when he had tied him up. He hadn't noticed until now. Christ, why hadn't he noticed? Panic rising, John took off once again. He had no plan; he knew it was a long way into town and that it would take long into the morning to reach it. But there was no choice. He had to reach it, wolves and cold be damned.
"Perhaps not," he interrupted. John sucked in his breath and peered at Sherlock with skeptical eyes and pursed lips. Sherlock turned and firmly put the book down on the table, sending others underneath scattering. He opened it and flipped through the pages, coming to one toward the end that depicted a scene that appeared to have taken place just before the wedding night, "This John, it tells the entire story, but ends before the young man was killed."
Sherlock stopped as well and turned to look back at John, "He was cursed," he paused as John sighed with disbelief, "The old woman who came to the door, she asked him for help in exchange for a small token of gratitude and he refused her. He threw the gift out into the night. Why do you think the roses surround the house? They grow and bloom at times when all others would not. They guard this house like they are warding off apathy and emptiness. That's why not all of the occupants have come to the same end. When Lawrence Hawkes refused the woman, he says that she shed her haggard appearance and a beautiful young lady appeared in her place. He tried to apologize, but it was too late. She saw there was no love in his heart. She cursed him so that his outside would match his inside; a beast, ugly and prone to rage. He locked himself away after that and would see no one. He did not die that night, though the accounts were modified to say as much. The reality was much worse. He did not eat nor sleep. Try as they might, the servants could not get him to come out of his room. Even his fiancée tried, and she payed for it with her life. To spare the family name, the loyal house staff made the story a mystery, for it was not completely a lie. They did not know what had happened to make their master act so strangely. And there it sat, the truth was walled up inside of a scarlet leather journal in a hidden room. But now it has been discovered..."
"Not only am I going to play out this ridiculous murder mystery they are planning, but I'm going to perform a few select solos on my violin. Mrs. Hudson likes it when I play," he stopped and thought, "Except for maybe when it's at 2:30 in the morning. She has said as much."
The man in red answered him, "Yeah, he came in a week or two ago asking about the manor house on the outskirts of town. He said he was investigating it. No one has seen him since."
They sat in the cozy dining carriage. It was small and hosted only a counter to order from, but nonetheless, drinks were ordered and there it was. The car was minimally decorated with red and green garlands, which clashed with the tan vinyl seats and pale yellow walls. However, it was an attempt at Christmas cheer and it did not go unnoticed or unappreciated. The curtains were all still open and the rush of the city could be seen turning into rolling country in one long slide of travel. John sipped at his second Sloe Gin. It was not his favourite, however at this time of year, the taste was lovely. It warmed his chest and he could feel a slight rose affecting his cheeks. Sherlock sat across from him, bored and getting increasingly loud about his deductions of the people aboard the train. He had not touched his drink and John was ever so inclined to grab his head and force the libation down his throat. A tipsy Sherlock was preferable at this moment as his goofy smile tended to get in the way of his wagging tongue.
The man's mouth hung open a bit. It was obvious he was confused and did not know how to respond to this statement. However, that was par for the course when interacting with Sherlock. Still wanting a good night's sleep, John decided to step in and clarify.
Sherlock pulled back once again, his body retreating from the warmth that was John's. The same look he had not moments before was back. He gripped John's collar tighter, "Not real?" He slammed him against the bedpost, "Am I not real to you?" He twisted the fistfuls of shirt with white knuckles and reddened fingertips, "No heart, no emotion. Does that make me nonexistent in this world? Does that make me wrong?!?" He continued to slam him back with every new sentence. Suddenly the language stopped and only the physicality of the onslaught remained.
The two merrymakers turned and walked arm in arm to center stage. Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson entered and joined them. Sherlock took a step forward, as Phil handed him his violin. He brought the instrument to his chin once more and began to play. The beautiful melody of White Christmas leapt off of the strings. It was not alone for long before the cast began to accompany it with its sentimental lyrics. And it was not long after that the audience was obliged to join in.
The mystery was coming along with only a few snags and disagreements. They were mostly to play themselves, which would lend itself to each of their limited acting experiences. There was just one exception.
Sherlock relaxed and ran his hands over John's shoulders and up to the sides of his neck. He leaned in, a kiss hanging between them. But it would never come to fruition.
They reached a room toward the end of the hall. Sherlock stopped and motioned at the door. John pushed past him and opened it with a long, high-pitched creak. The room itself was just as lovely as the rest of the house, if a bit untended. Splendidly decorated, it showed some signs of disuse, though it hardly took away from the overall impression. John set his bag on the end of the bed.
The door to 221B crashed open, startling John from his rest, if that is how one would describe it. Chest heaving, eyes wide he stared at his flatmate trying to fully awake from the vivid dream. Sherlock's brow furrowed as he returned the stare.
Donovan giggled, but covered her mouth to hide her amusement, "No, we can't. It's almost Christmas. We can't be unkind."
Sherlock did not come home until well into the evening. Rosie had been tucked snugly in her crib, with a few extra hugs and kisses. I was making tea in the newly decorated kitchen, courtesy of the two people that I loved most in the world. It had all been done for me and the guilt over how I had reacted, how I had jumped to conclusions without so much as looking past my nose, kept me silent as I turned to face him. He was in the sitting room, acting as if he were busy, but I knew better. I took a few shameful steps toward him. It was my turn to stare at my shoes.
"I want any updated information available as soon as possible to solve the case. Why go to a hotel now?" He scanned the station nonchalantly.
And that's how it went that fine Christmas Eve, amidst murder and misunderstanding, solicitude and snow. The last few stanzas of a song crafted for such a night rang out through the open doors as people snugged together to enjoy a scene sent down from the heavens just for them. When the music ended and the evening waned, Sherlock and John walked into the snowy night. Lit only by wrought iron lanterns, the small, wooden bridge arched above the now frozen stream, and this is where they came to stand. It was ideal, absolutely ideal. The delicate flakes came to rest atop their heads and eyelashes as they looked to the starlit sky. Sherlock's arm wrapped around John's shoulders, eventually coming to embrace him fully.
"I, uh, I don't dance," he was not sure if Sherlock was serious, but he flushed at the thought, absurd thing that it was.
John thought a moment, then sighed. He did not want to leave Sherlock alone until they figured out what was happening, but he desperately needed to sleep. It was true, he would not get much rest curled up in the old chair. He reluctantly went over to the bed and slid in beside Sherlock. The bed was large enough that they did not want for space. Each laid on their back on their own side looking at the ceiling. Mutually, they were mildly uncomfortable, but the fatigue of the day and night soon caught up with them and sleep was met with contentment.
"You want me to stop?" Sherlock growled in return. He leaned in, brushing his cheek against John's, "Why?" Sherlock's breath was hot on his neck and John shivered unconsciously at the feeling. Sherlock brought his body to rest against the man he held in front of him. He could feel the involuntary tremor and heated skin, "You betray yourself."
"You're with that odd fellow. The one with the curly hair and the cheekbones that came in here not long ago," an older man sitting down the bar piped up, "What was his name?"
"John," he rasped, "Air. I need air," his breath was short, "Take me to the veranda, by the gardens."
"Why this case?" if he couldn't get him off of deduction, at least getting him talking about the case would be a welcome and necessary reprieve.
There wasn’t much sense about him when it came to children. Even after knowing him and his family for so long, I still had trouble imagining him ever being one. He was learning though, and it was quite hysterical watching him with Rosie. She would often do silly or random things, as young children tend to, and Sherlock would get the most puzzled look on his face. I couldn’t help but laugh at their interactions. It was endearing.
What John did next, he could not account for. He took the outstretched hand and slid into bed next to Sherlock. They lay there, warm and close. They were both thinking the same thing, although neither one would voice it. Why was this happening? How would they satisfy the curse? How deep the love and of what nature? How could something like this be possible outside of Grimm and Anderson?
Before he left, he made sure to get directions to the manor from the bartender, just in case his phone quit on him. Of course, in doing so, he had to listen to the story of the curse over the house and a sharp warning to keep on his toes about it. He determined that it was most likely something that all the people of the town knew and told to unsuspecting travelers either for a bit of fun, or to drum up some tourist business. He had heard the story however, and was anxious to get on the road. John thanked the bartender, stole a quick glance at Gaston who was now in the middle of a rousing hunting story, and quietly left the pub.
"That's just it, you didn't think," John sighed and composed himself, "Now, I'm going to find Sherlock to square it with him. And I want you to do one thing for me. Make sure the crowd doesn't get restless. I don't know how long this may take. You make sure these people are filled with bloody yuletide cheer. Mrs. Hudson's happiness is riding on it."
The bartender smiled, nodded, and walked away to place the order and pour the beer. The man who had called from the chair now got up, revealing the totality of his form. He was quite large, the kind of man you would expect to eat a dozen eggs in the morning. He wore a red v-neck shirt that was pulled tight over his biceps. Obviously, he was someone who enjoyed working out; probably more for narcissistic purposes than health. His face was clean shaven with a strong jaw and his teeth shone white as he smirked from across the room. John ignored the presumptuous man who was now advancing upon him.
They were ready and out the door in no time. Sherlock stood on the curb and raised his hand. A cab, as usual, stopped immediately and picked them up. The trip to the train station was uneventful. They spoke a little about the case, but Sherlock had not been able to get much more pertinent information from Lestrade nor the Weymouth police than what had already been reported. They hopped on the 4:55 at London Waterloo. Running down the platform, they almost missed the train. Out of breath and full of adrenaline, they made their way to the club car. They had three hours until they would arrive in Weymouth and John decided that if he was to be traveling during the holidays to chase a murderer, he would at least make the best of it.
As Sherlock attempted to sit up in protest, his body proceeded to issue him firm instructions to lie back down. He winced in pain and flopped back onto the pillow, "John, it's cold, and you have not slept for twenty four hours. You just pulled me through two miles of forest in the dead of winter. Come over here and lie down, or go in the next room. I promise I won't go anywhere."
His perceived disregard of the situation only incited John's anger and he stopped, "Look who's talking about guilt!"
It all ran through my head in an instant. My father instincts were kicking in. Not only that, but the thought of Rosie getting hurt, or worse, brought about a slight panic. She was the most important thing in my life. She was beautiful, smart, and precious. She was all I had left of Mary. I couldn’t protect Mary. My vision tunneled.
Sherlock raised his hand once more and caressed the side of John's face more vulnerably than he had ever witnessed from the man before. The pads of his fingers, and his palm, intimated at his longing. They pulled him down with barely a brush of skin and he found himself in a passionate kiss. Tears of relief streamed from both pairs of closed eyes, but it was of no matter.
With that, John rose up off the couch and walked to his room to prepare for the trip. He grabbed his overnight bag from his closet and filled it with his effects. It was routine. It was on a moment's notice, and it was his life.
John had no words. This was not the Sherlock he knew; the wall shooting, case solving, beyond observant, high-functioning sociopath that lived with him at 221B Baker Street. Though this Sherlock professed to be an emotionless monster, uninhibited emotion was all there was to be seen. There was a yearning, a raw passion in his eyes that rose from within. He existed in it; and when he brought it down with him once again, rubbing his cheek against the other man's, John responded in kind. He moved to meet Sherlock's face, feeling the soft skin caress against his own. Sherlock's grip on his wrists became less and less for there was no longer a need for restraint. Or was there.
Sherlock stood, or rather, he stooped at the tall window. He was bare from the waist up, skin glowing in the morning sun. His black trousers were in a stark contrast to it and only served to make the scene that much more ethereal. Long arms ended at strong hands that grasped the drapes at his sides. He was turned, looking out at the extensive property behind the castle. John could not be sure, but it did seem as if his hair had grown yet again. The hair on his face and neck had doubled since last night when it was only barely a five o'clock shadow. When he noticed John awake, he tilted his head to the side, his eyes barely coming to meet the other pair that now stared at him questioningly from the disarranged bed. There was a slight redness to his lips that trickled down from the corner of his mouth. Blood. Not new blood however; it had dried. John brought his hand to inspect the mark that had resulted from the previous night's activities. The skin had been broken. It was tender, the tear barely begun to heal, and it too sported dried drops of scarlet.
"Because you are the only one without acting experience and you're the only one who hasn't been in front of the cameras. The whole point of the show is to get people in here who have seen the cases on the tele or the paper and recognize the familiar faces," Lestrade explained. Anderson grumbled.
"Sorry, you're going to have to debunk on your own. Give my best to the ghosts of yesteryear," John sat on the couch and opened a magazine. Sherlock just gave him a confused stare. It was the one he always gave when John was not wanting to do what he wanted him to do. It said to him, 'John, why? You're my blogger. Why would you not be there?' He knew the look well and often he caved in to the puppy dog eyes, but this time he stood his ground, "I told you, I'm going to visit Harry. It's her birthday and she's having a go at being back on the horse."
Sherlock turned his attention to John, "I realized it would have been unethical to delay the capturing of the murderer in order to avoid the company of my brother. I suppose I will have to endure it," Sherlock's nose wrinkled as he grumbled out the words.
"....And him, really...the light discoloration on his left hand ring finger, anxious fiddling with his hands, hair brushed across his forehead. Does he really think his wife doesn't see that he is not spending his winter holiday on an extra assignment? She already knows judging from..."
John followed, grabbing his tea and taking a large drink. He was going to need the caffeine. At least Sherlock had calmed a bit, though it may be a long night if he couldn't convince him to shut up and take a break. Entering the other room, he found the consulting detective sitting sprawled out in one of the ragged chairs, his hands rubbing his temples.
"A young man, on his wedding night, refused a beggar woman at his door. She had asked for lodging in..."
"Maybe they just figured out what is wrong with it and left. No reason for them to stop back by here," the blond bartender offered.
Sherlock's eyes remained shut, tightly shut. The look let John know that it had not worked. His heart sank a bit. He was unsure as to what he should do next and how far to go. This all suddenly felt like a bad work of fiction, a scandalous penny dreadful in which the whole story was one plot device to move the characters relationship to the erotic. Sex to save them. Yet here they were, running out of time with only a fanciful theory to work off of. Sherlock was fading. The changes were becoming more apparent, the rage more uncontrollable. Whatever this was, fairytale, penny dreadful, or plain strange reality, it was happening. And John could not allow it.
Sherlock could not abide this and he spoke out of sheer anxiety before his thoughts could complete themselves, "I shouldn't have..." His eyes searched, "John...please, I ..." but he held back the rest.
Christmas Eve came to the little lodge just on the outskirts of Weymouth. It was ushered in like a gentleman entering a room of awaiting celebrants. The holly was hung, the  lamps alight, and a starry sky blanketed the world. The chill upon the air was as sharp as the mood behind the curtains of the small stage. The cast was all gathered, with one exception.
John decided to drop it. It didn't matter now as he could clearly see that no harm had come to his insufferable flatmate, and besides he was tired, "Right. I'm going to get my bag from the car and I'll be back in. You can show me where the designated rooms are and fill me in on what you've found."
John looked at him, but Sherlock was staring out into the distance. Deep in thought, he remained stationary. There was so much going through his head; there was always so much going through his head. John wondered about it. He knew that there was not sufficient time for all of Sherlock's thoughts to be shared; not enough by half. He mostly listened, and often kept silent, except for when the moment called for it, of course. In this instance, there was no calling. The night was just fine the way it was without his voice stealing away from it. He moved closer to Sherlock and took his hand, standing shoulder to shoulder. They stood that way for a long while, the sanguine golden light from the ballroom competing with the clear-sighted stars shining down upon them.
"It's all right, just stay still," he moved the thick cloth of Sherlock's jacket and looked at the bleeding wounds beneath, "I need to get you inside. These need to be treated. Can you walk?"
The meaning was clear, "Then what are we waiting for?" John turned and walked back out of the room, Sherlock in tow.
"Oh God, Sherlock," he moaned into the air, his eyes closed as his ministrations advanced. He slipped in another finger, and then another, imagining it was himself. He stroked Sherlock and Sherlock responded. His cock ached something awful. He had imagined this once, maybe twice, but that was all he would own up to. Each time could not compare to the sight, the smell, the taste, and the feeling that this moment bore.
"I thought you were going to drag this one out," John said with a hint of sarcasm, "What about your family dinner?"
"This sudden change, and don't pretend to not know what I'm talking about, Sherlock. This was all supposed to be settled, no changes, everyone knew their part. There's a lot riding on this and you know it. How could you be so selfish?" John was exasperated and the anger showed in his eyes.
The manor was enormous and after looking in a few closets, bathrooms, and around the kitchen, he only found some iodine and gauze. He brought back a bowl of clean warm water and towels. Setting them on the floor in front of the fire, he knelt at the wounded man's side and began the process of caring for him. He placed the wet towel over the cuts on Sherlock's arm. The detective once again hissed in pain.
"You came out here to talk to me!" he exclaimed indignantly, "And if I had something to say, I would have done so. But I have stayed away as requested. I would not want to interrupt the business plans of the great John Watson."
Standing by the bar, Sherlock's parents held each other, beaming with pride. Their boys were together on Christmas, each doing good in their own way. Without a look above, they kissed, mistletoe be damned.
The evening of the 23rd approached more quickly than anyone had thought possible. Sherlock was nowhere to be found, but that is how it had been the past few days as they did not want the mystery to be given away. The rest of the "cast" were littered about the restaurant, consuming their favourite spirits and chatting about the impending festivities. Tom played on the piano set away by the corner of the stage and Phil sat beside him, a large plate of snacks on his lap. Donovan and Anderson sat at a table nearby listening to the upbeat music and picking at a pile of chips.
Sherlock half-turned, at a loss for what to say, which was not common for him. Though he found it did not add to his discomposure. John's manner of speaking had a way of putting him at ease
"This place, it's spectacular," John said as he watched Sherlock make the tea. Normally, he would have done it himself, but Sherlock seemed to know where everything was and set about boiling the pot as soon as they had reached the kitchen. It was massive. The fuscous tile floor seemed to stretch on for miles and the wood and iron chandeliers hung like planets amidst the dark beams of the ceiling. The appliances had obviously been updated, but still seemed to blend into the rest of the kitchen. They hid among the bright wooden countertops, which were fit for the most highly skilled of butchers. The cabinetry held iron hinges and handles that splayed out with flourishes of curls against their distressed taupe faces.
John breathed in deeply, preparing to speak though no words entered his mind. Then a hard knock came booming through the house. John and Sherlock's heads sprang to attention. They looked to the door, then to each other in unison. Odd, they were not expecting anyone.
"And what might that be?" John said evenly. He wanted to diffuse the situation. Sherlock's demeanor was increasing in vehemence and it was convincing John beyond a doubt that it was time to calm down and take a rest.
"I can't believe this; he's really not going to show up," John paced back and forth on stage left. The crowd had gathered and was still entering the restaurant. The buzz could be heard and it all was for Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson had returned that afternoon. She almost fainted from shock at all of the folks who were checking in. Every room in the Colombia Lodge was full up. People were still flocking in for afternoon cocktails, hoping to catch a glimpse of the famous consulting detective when John let her in on their little secret. Sweet tears of thankfulness filled her eyes and she hugged him so tightly he thought she might never let go. He wished Sherlock had been there for the surprise as well, but he remained MIA.
Their eyes met. The cool blue-green of Sherlock's twinkled and John did not want to look away for fear he would never see it again. It was special and he knew there was a story behind it. He hoped upon hope that he would one day hear it.
"Of course I have," he replied mildly affronted, "I told you it was in the journal. All we needed to do was go further, and there it was," Sherlock walked around the rose bush where they had been standing and along down the winding gravel path.
Sherlock started back the way they had come and John followed, watching the consulting detective closely as they proceed through the candelabra-lit hallway.
John turned his head to give him a cool look, then turned back to Anderson, "The restaurant is right through those doors. It was made for dinner theatre. It's perfect," he leaned back smiling, hands resting on his knees.
Sherlock stopped his ministrations and looked up at John. The look was cold, his eyes mirroring the frost that had begun to settle outside the window just to his right. It was akin to that same strange look that had been on his face when John had first arrived, except for a small turn at the corner of his mouth, "Yes," he said slowly, "I think a rest might do us good."
Sighing, half with annoyance, half with concern, John got up and followed. He rounded the corner to find Sherlock at the large double doors that lead to the terrace. They were open at his behest and the cold was like a slap in the face. Though instead of making the distressed man come to his senses, it only incensed him further. His hands gripped the sheer drapes that framed the glass doors. Tighter and tighter they held, until his knuckles were white from the lack of blood. He roared; deep and coarse the sound came howling from his throat. In one quick movement he tore the sheers from their rod and turned. It looked like gossamer wings settling down behind him, but angelic he was not. His eyes were lit like an autumn bonfire and his fingers remained curled as if the drapes were still clutched within them. But he had let them go. He had to let them go. He wanted it all to go.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, "The murderer has been caught, no thanks to the local police force. The only clever thing they did was call us. And, as you have stated multiple times, Christmas is almost here..."
"Yes, in exchange for a rose. Lestrade filled me in on the tale, as did the people in the town. A load of rubbish if you ask me. All fairytales and..."
When they parted, queries and thoughts hung in the glittering air between them. John gazed at Sherlock as he never had before. The man's hair had somehow returned to its natural state, rings of auburn shining in the brilliance. He appeared clean-shaven, his skin luminous and smooth. The curve of his spine was gone and he lay relaxed and lanky upon John's knees. The doctor then noticed another happening that he could not understand, and frankly did not want to. He opened the navy jacket. The silver embroidery glimmered in the sunlight, and cast white freckles upon his cheeks. He felt along the unscathed chest, remembering the iodine and numerous wraps it had required after the incident in the woods. Though the wounds had begun to heal over the past few days, a wolf's claws would leave their mark. Now there were none. The skin was smooth and luminous.
"We are going to give Mrs. Hudson a little Christmas gift," he replied, "We are going to use your celebrity to help bring people to the lodge."
The fire was warm and the smell of Christmas lingered in the air of the forgotten lodge. An incandescence enveloped the pair standing alone in the dim parlor. It lighted features that would not have been seen lest the glow overtake the dim. It was complimentary in it's contrast and beautiful in it's ability to highlight amidst the darkness. Sherlock kissed him then. It was a soft, hesitant kiss, but became more ardent as John's permission became clear. He brought his free hand up to cradle John's face, his other still restrained at his side by John's grasp. He doubted John even knew he was doing it. The grasp had lead to a grip and Sherlock found he appreciated the strength of force being exerted in such a tender moment. He would have to research it more.
“I can’t look at you right now,” I spat, “I am so disappointed. I thought you cared about Rosie, thought you would protect her. I depended on you, and you let me down in so many ways,” my voice grew thin and choked at the end. Besides the anger, which was most prominent in the current moment, I was incomprehensibly let down. I deflated a bit at that realization and fell silent.
Before he had left, an older woman, most likely in her early fifties had come to seek their services. Her greying hair, precisely curled, did not move as she spoke animatedly to Sherlock regarding the house that she was charged with selling. She was a real estate agent specializing in fine vintage homes. This particular home was, in all reality, a castle. It was built a few centuries before any of them were a twinkle in their parent's eyes. The grounds were expansive and the castle itself boasted twenty rooms, including a ballroom, library, and a formal dining room. Sitting north of London in Buckinghamshire, it was a country estate surrounded by aged trees and a dense forest. If you were not looking for it, you might miss it all together. The gates were partially hidden from the road. Overgrown brush had sprung up in the absence of live-in owners and staff who would normally care for it. The wrought iron had stood the test of time begrudgingly. Locked with a chain it was, but with the slightest chiding it would give way and bend to the intruder's will, for it no longer held the inclination to deny passage. She now held the keys to the grand estate, but could not seem to give them away. She had gone on to tell the pair how the rumor in the nearby village was that there was a curse on the house. Ten murders had been recorded there since its conception in the 1700s, all with strange circumstances. Some victims were found alone with no trace of a weapon, others were deemed a murder-suicide. However, the house had been found each time with signs of struggle and items shattered. Windows would be broken and curtains would be torn from their rails; a general disarray would be prevalent throughout the house. The odd commonality between all of the cases were that the suicide victims and the single murders were all found lying alone with no evidence of fatal bodily harm. Only the secondary victims showed signs of trauma, being brutally murdered by the primary victim. All of the primary victims were male and displayed only superficial scratches and bruises. Their bodies were found hunched, hair grown long and unkempt. Their hands gripped the air in front of their chests like claws and a solitary red rose was wound in between their fingertips. Each appeared to have died in pain, but there was no record of how. Of course, the earlier murders would not have been investigated in depth as the forensics of the time were practically nonexistent.
"Well we certainly have enough ideas on how to create a murder mystery, right?" Lestrade piped up. From all the years he had known Sherlock, he had come to know Mrs. Hudson with fondness. He was excited to help. Not only was it in the service of a friend, but it allowed him an excuse to get out of London. Things with the wife were not especially glorious at the moment. Even though it was almost Christmas, some time apart was what they had settled on.
"It wasn't enough," Sherlock looked into John's eyes, "It wasn't enough that I have loved you since the moment you first walked into the lab at Bart's. That I want you with me and I'm jealous when you're away. That I'd run into Hell and back if it happened that it was the only place offering the tea you prefer. But it wasn't enough. You had to love me in return."
Finally, John thought. But the thought came slowly as well. In fact, everything began to slow down substantially and a haze set over the room. His vision began to disappear into a dark void. As the floor moved closer toward his head, the last thing he saw was Sherlock leap from his chair and slide to catch him. Though braced for a hard hit, his landing was soft, and then there was nothing.
John leaned against the wall, his head lolling to one side, arms crossed in front of his chest. He watched and was settled. He could not figure why, but he felt more at ease in this moment than he had the whole time he had been in this strange place. This was a rather peculiar sight, but it was happy and it was bright. Whatever gave Sherlock the impetus to steal away to the ballroom gave John a tender grip of hope. He mused and he smiled. His mind wandered back to the flat, to times jovial and dangerous. Where danger meant murderers and late-night chases, not wolves and eerie castles. Where they sat in comfy chairs over tea and ushered in the next client. Where a disturbance at two in the morning usually meant a bout of insomnia and a violin concerto. John's grey-blue eyes went to that fuzzy place where one's mind smiled just so and things like vision are of no consequence. Suddenly, a hand was extended before him, shocking him into focus, and he looked up to see Sherlock smiling back. His eyes gleamed, his cheeks rosy from the dance. John chuckled at himself.
"I have a theory about that too, if you'd like to hear it," he offered tentatively from beneath auburn curls.
He breathed out, holding back his annoyance, and responded, "Why don't we start fresh in the morning."
Sherlock could not stop himself. The apprehension was gone. John's control was his and he wanted to touch, he needed to touch. All of the skin he could see, he needed it to be his. An instinct, previously untapped, surfaced. He wanted this, the beast wanted this. But he would not allow the beast to have John. John was his. He pulled the trousers down, discarding them off the side of the bed. The army doctor was now spread out before him, arms raised above his head. Sherlock felt dizzy, his vision tunneling. He grabbed John's hips, squeezing his fingers over bone and flesh.
Now they had seen it. And I say 'they' only because at that moment sparkling beams of light began to fall around the couple. And I say 'couple' because despite the distracting and blinding light surrounding the veranda, John came to feel the move of Sherlock's neck, then his shoulders. A deep breath followed and John found himself looking into the clever and tender sea-green eyes of Sherlock Holmes. Now it was his turn to stop breathing. Not in a troublesome way, but in the way in which one finds themselves bereft of air due to their lungs filling with raw emotion. He choked on whatever words may have thought they could sneak out. There was just no place for them here.
"I don't know," came the quiet and uncertain reply. Sherlock's face was solemn and he looked down at the sheets they rested on.
"John," she walked over and gave him a warm hug, bringing her hands to his face to cradle his flushed cheeks, "You're chilled. Where have you two been? I'll put the kettle on. Come over by the fire..."
Sherlock kept his hand over John's, transfixed at the contact. There was never much contact, not with John, nor with others as well. Occasionally someone would give him a hug, but he never could respond fast enough to make it proper. It always ended up stiff and awkward. Perhaps that is why he had given up human contact all together. Between the unpredictable tactile outbursts and the emotions involved, it seemed to be rather a weakness and more complicated than its worth. But not with John. John was different. He had long admitted to himself that he, in fact, loved John. But he could not answer whether or not it was anything more. People loved many things in many ways. How was he to know if this was the way the Enchantress had meant when she had uttered her malediction centuries before? And what of John? He was sure that John had some sort of love for him, no one else would suffer his inclinations otherwise. John had never said anything in regards to this. Due to his current state, he would have to conclude that it was not the true love that would save his life. Though maybe an act of love would, he thought, isn't that what fanciful stories and movies would have us believe? People showed love to each other physically, kissing, holding, and such. Sherlock was not particularly disposed to it, but had made the effort a few times. It was not wholly unpleasant and as the both of them held each other's regard, it may work.
"I am a beast!" Sherlock clutched his curls in his hands, his elbows closing in front of his face. He collapsed down, hunched over on the bed.
"Are you looking for someone, friend?" Another tall man, with hair black as pitch called out boorishly from a large leather bound chair near the fireplace. He was partially facing the fire which outlined his muscular form and made the shine of his boots prominent in front of the ashes of the hearth.
"Listen, this case is obviously not getting solved tonight. Let's get some rest and start again tomorrow. I think I might have some ideas. I met some of the towns folk and they may be able to provide some more information. We could head there in the morning," he took another sip of tea.
The whole scene ended right where it had begun. The two of us stood in the kitchen amidst a show of color. Rosie's artwork, a backdrop for our conversation, hung like a banner of pride along the cupboards. We talked and made the popcorn. We joked and walked to sit on the sofa. Perhaps it was my imagination, but Sherlock may have just deduced one of my favorite movies on purpose. And if I sat a little closer to him than normal, he didn't give any indication that he minded.
Soon, they were on their way to the lodge. True to Sherlock's word, it was just outside of town, on a small road dotted by thin trees. A tiny brook traversed their path and the taxi drove over a small, stone bridge leading to the property. The lodge was quaint; it was the sort of place you would go to on holiday looking for peace and quiet. The aging wood showed signs of care through the years. The white paint was not fresh nor was the scarlet trim; it gave the lodge a vintage feel that so many longed for in this age of fast-paced hours and round-the-clock technology. The porch stood inviting against the bucolic landscape as the near full moon showered its light upon the pitched roof. A few wrought iron lanterns illuminated the road and drive way, and all the lights of the main building were still glowing through the four picture windows facing front.
"Sherlock..." the lady put the bag on the counter and walked over to the consulting detective. She gave him a brief but firm hug, squeezing his shoulders a bit before letting go.
"My mother," he began, "she loved Bing Crosby. It was her favourite Christmas album. Sometimes when I couldn't sleep, she would sing it to me."
‘I can’t protect Rosie, not all the time. What if…’ The thought came to me, as it often did. It was a fear that I could never explain to anyone who had not experienced it first hand. It is a constant companion, popping in at any moment. I suppose that is the plight of a parent.
"You stopped, Sherlock. Look, I know you wouldn't hurt me and I think you know that too," John tried to convince him, but something was causing him to have a difficult time fully convincing himself.
"It seems that this house has more to it than meets the eye," he began. Though John was tempted to make a snide remark, he held his tongue as this was the longest sentence he had heard since his arrival, "The reason I have not required the room adjoining yours is that I have found a hidden room. The young master, the original victim, his room," John's eyebrows raised, but he remained silent, "It is in the West Wing. The entrance does not appear to have been meant to be secret, but was covered up at a later date. Perhaps by the original owner, but more likely by one of the subsequent owners who succumbed," he took a drink of tea from the cup to his left, setting it down and cupping it with his other hand. His eyes followed his hands, but soon rose to meet John's, "Would you like to see it?"
Here now, the roses that climbed the auspicious walls of the castle leaned in and listened to the couple. They preened and smiled, closing their buds for a much deserved and much delayed rest. They would not bloom again until the spring, when flowers of their nature were meant to. And every year after that, they would take their leave of the walls and the garden to shy away from winter's chill. For there was no longer a reason to protect the air swirling around the halls of the once great manor. It was free to escape the sadness in which it had lain for so many centuries, to openly accept life and to come alive within.
I could feel the heat in my chest start to rise within me and my body hummed with overactive sensibilities, “What the Hell do you think you’re doing?” I yelled.
Sherlock let go of John's arms and took a step back, "Detached," his face flashed with panic, though he quickly recovered. He was collected when he spoke again, "I suppose a cup of tea might be helpful," an appeasing smile ghosted his lips.
Sherlock, already in action, soon turned around and set the steaming cups on the center island side by side. A little, round, white tea-pot, donning a purple and gold mob cap-like top, was soon to follow. Swirling wisps of Earl Grey wafted through the air between them and it all felt very settling. It was then that Sherlock finally spoke.
"Do nothing," Sherlock shot back, "It would do nothing John. This is not what we are looking for. Why can't I see it?" He got up and paced, his agitation growing, "It's all here. Why can I not find the clue?"
"Oh, we take it in during the evening. Do you think you'll be staying long? I do hope Sherlock doesn't take too long to sort out this murder mess. Between that and the weather, we've had next to no business. Leastways not the normal holiday traffic."
John was being pushed to the breaking point, "It's for your safety you sod! None of this is right. You're not right!" He pushed back.
Sherlock finished the rest of his drink in one gulp, much to John's surprise, "I was bored. Besides, it's not just homicide, John. This is a serial killer, and a proud one at that. He wants so desperately to be caught. They all do. They love their work. They want it on display. He may not even know that he wants to be caught, but it compels him. He puts a signature on his victims like an artist puts a signature on a painting. And what artist does not want to be recognized for the genius of their work?"
Pulling back, Sherlock's voice was low and easy, "That was quite a spectacle you made happen in there."
John tensed with frustration, shutting his eyes tight. A tear threatened to go AWOL, anxiously waiting at the corner of his eye. It was more intense than any battle he had fought in. Afghanistan paled in comparison to the war now being fought within him. He was held hostage by the intangible. It was lovely and insurmountably frightening, "Sherlock, please..."
"Would you like to hear a secret?" He looked down his nose at the boy. Children loved secrets; that he remembered from his own childhood.
John's hand came to rest over Sherlock's heart. A lump formed in his throat and he once again attempted to fight back tears. He failed miserably and shook with emotional release.
John's eyes rose, his hand slow to follow. He was not sure what else to do. A cry for help was coming from the only person who had been keeping him sane these past few years since his tour of duty had ended. A declaration of love was coming from the only person whom he had even had the inkling of spending the rest of his life with. The intimacy that they shared was not the sort anyone would get in a huff over should they witness it. It was simply a profound familiarity that made each of them want to be with the other. And because of this, Sherlock brought his own hand up in time, allowing their fingers to touch at the tips. Their fingers interlaced. Sherlock stared at the interaction as if in wonder. The reverie ended as another soft touch startled him. John had brought his other hand to Sherlock's face, running his thumb over the cheek that had caressed his moments before. Eyes like the ocean on a cloudy day stared at him and Sherlock found it difficult to maintain contact. He was urged forward by an unknown force as he towered over the smaller man.
Sherlock bit down hard again at the point where John's neck met his shoulder, threatening to tear flesh. It was all too much and John felt himself falling over the edge. He slammed into Sherlock forcefully, wrenching teeth from skin. Sherlock's head flew back as his climax flowed through him. The pressure enveloping John and the sight of Sherlock's orgasm sent his own spiraling into the night. With a mighty moan he stilled and then collapsed, spent and shuddering. The whole of him pressed against his lover.
Sherlock stared at John in that quizzical way, when he's meant to answer a question posed to his mind and not his mind palace. John retuned the stare as level as he could. He knew the answer. You don't live with Sherlock Holmes and not pick up a few skills on deduction. Add to that his knowledge of his friend; he had a fairly good idea of the reason for said excursion.
"Good evening, welcome to the Colombia Lodge, what kind of accommodations can I offer you?" His baby blue eyes were warm and smiled along with the rest of his face.
Didn't see that one coming. Had he not observed the seriousness in his friend's eyes, he might have laughed in earnest. As it was, he let out a bit of a snort. Neither of them believed in such nonsense, especially Sherlock. He stared at the man before him, and this time, he really looked. There's something about seeing someone every day that mutes the details. Everything is fine until something major changes, and then one might take notice, giving a comment or compliment. The change affected here was slight, but now that he gave himself over to scrutiny, he found that the odd behaviour was not the only change. Sherlock looked different, but only just. His eyes seemed darker. His hair fell in ringlets as was it's usual form, especially in the damp of winter, however it was longer now. Impossibly long for the time Sherlock had been away, and John happened to know that he had just gone for a trim not one week prior to taking the case. And what of his shoulders? Narrow, slim, and stately in form, now appeared broader and more imposing. John could not account for these changes and thought that maybe it was all in his imagination. Or more gravely, perhaps whatever had affected the former occupants of the castle, was now affecting him.
"When I'm worried and I can't sleep, I count my blessings instead of sheep, and I fall asleep counting my blessings," he sang in a slow, sweet way. John tried not to show his utter shock, but failed miserably. Sherlock swallowed hard, but looked down and continued, "When my bankroll is getting small, I think of when I had none at all, and I fall asleep counting my blessings. I think about a nursery and I picture curly heads, and one by one I count them as they slumber in their beds," he smiled and lifted his head, his hand coming to rest atop John's, "If you're worried and you can't sleep, just count your blessings instead of sheep, and you'll fall asleep counting your blessings."
They proceeded to the veranda and looked out over the back gardens. The hedges and trees were barren with the onset of winter. In striking contrast, the rose bushes that seemed to surround the manor at every turn were strangely full and blossoming. Red roses grew tall, petals curved and thorns sharp. Some of them even grew possessively up the stone walls of the castle.
"To solve this case," John said simply. Further fanning the flames of the man's ire was the last thing he wished to do, so he thought he'd keep it concise.
The tremble was now shared between them. To the tips of their fingers, it tremored as their hands reached for each other. The brushing of the lips that followed brought about a hum and a warmth so virtuous that Spring itself would shy away from it's consummate execution. So soft it was and so dear, that though it pained them greatly, they parted ever so slightly for one vital tradition.
"I'll be right back. I'll at least need something to clean this with," he chose his words cautiously, not mentioning that they really should leave and get to the town. John wanted to be careful until he could ascertain more about the state of the consulting detective's mind. The mention of leaving is what set off the night's events and he did not have the energy to deal with another episode. However, the wounds may need stitches and who knows what kind of supplies were stocked in the house. He just hoped Sherlock had not sabotaged his own car as well in the event that they would require the resources of a hospital. He grabbed a nearby throw blanket and carefully wrapped it around Sherlock's shoulders. The man was shivering and the fire only afforded so much heat at this point. Winter's chill was a bastard when it got into your bones. He put a comforting hand to the thin shoulder before heading out of the chamber.
He lashed out, needing it to stop, needing to take a breath. He fought back once again to stop Sherlock from advancing. He attempted to free his hands, but the strength with which they were held was immense, more than he thought his companion had in him. It was no use, but he could not allow this to happen. He was not even sure if he wanted it to happen. But maybe he did. Numerous lonely nights had lead the rogue thought to enter his mind. It had even gone further than that on a few occasions. He had wondered what Sherlock's body would feel like against his; how his skin would feel sliding smoothly up and down against his own in the dark. A few times, he had run his hands up and down his stomach and chest envisioning Sherlock there. He touched himself, his strong hands squeezing and pulling at the most sensitive areas. Moans would come unbidden, and in the dark he did not feel alone. Those nights now came back to haunt him. They assaulted him, making his arms weak and his resolve weaker. He was truly torn, and if Sherlock's mind was but partially intact, he would deduce this.
John's faced was contorted with worry. As the front was not an option and the veranda not far off, he acquiesced to Sherlock's request. They stumbled through the empty ballroom. It seemed strange to be in there now. There was no music. The dance had faded back into the muraled walls. It was dim and solitary, as if the rest of the house had finally caught up to it. Nevertheless, they plodded through as if their lives depended on it, and one of theirs may have. The French doors opened with a whoosh and a barrage of fresh winter air; and for a moment, John thought it had revived the man at his side.
Sherlock's face was blank. It was as if John was speaking another language. Though that would be quite impossible as Sherlock was familiar with most languages and any attempt at another would quickly result in a rudimentary concept and understanding. Still, he sat quietly waiting for John to explain himself. John leaned in & whispered his plan. They would contact the media, with the help of their friends at the police departments. They would let it be known that Sherlock Holmes had once again made the world safe from murdering psychopaths. Next, they would have it aired on the tele that Sherlock was staying at the lodge for the Christmas holiday and this is the public's big chance to meet him in person and solve a mystery!
"A private library," John said as he looked around. He put his tea down on an obliging side table. The walls were solid lines of books, many being first additions and rare finds. He examined the brimful shelves. There were even holds for scrolls and parchment, now left to sit and gather dust, the pages yellowed and frail.
John grabbed his shoulders with both hands, "Sherlock, tell me you booked a room. Somewhere, anywhere, just tell me you booked one," it was John's turn to be annoyed.
It was fine, it was all fine. He remembered those words, spoken over a candlelit table the first time they took a case together. Then, it had been an attempt to settle the tension. He supposed it was the same now as well. John was abruptly torn from his thoughts as Sherlock's knees rose up under him and cradled his hips. It was an unfamiliar feeling. The smaller man's legs were now astride pale ribs, trapping them between his thighs. He gave up control in order to explore the newfound possibilities. But it was not enough. In fact, it enticed his partner further. Sherlock recoiled and deftly began working at the opening of John's pants, the movements frantic.
John grabbed for him with aggression, twisting and pulling him until he was properly mounted. Sherlock's curls splayed out beneath him on the blue and gold coverlet and his eyes went wild. He was enjoying this. He countered the attack and the two rolled back from whence they came. Sherlock regained his position and this time held John down. He dove then, sucking and biting the delicate skin of John's neck. His teeth, seemingly sharper than possible, scraped against flesh leaving dark red trails in their wake. Though John enjoyed the sensation, the nagging feeling that this was not right plagued his mind. Sherlock was not himself, and he, well, could he truly claim normality? His vacillating emotions were causing his head to spin and his attempts to quiet them were failing.
The doors sat tall and inviting in their beautiful state adorning the antiquated hallway. The boom of the handles and moan of the hinges as they opened provided a perfectly adequate soundtrack for the scene that lay before the two patrons.
And John did just that. Sherlock waited at the door and then proceeded to lead John up the imposing staircase. The halls were lined with old paintings and aged suits of armor. It looked like something out of a fairytale. John had never seen anything like it. Did places like this really still exist in this day and age? He looked at the armor, gazing at the helmets as he passed by. He almost thought that they would turn to look after them as they walked. This was a silly thought, but it made him smile nonetheless.
"Good evening, what can I get for you?" The barkeep asked. He was a tall, average looking man with blond hair swept back from his face. His green eyes told many stories, and his full lips were turned up in a friendly smile. John liked him immediately.
"I have just the place," protest forgotten, he walked out from behind the counter carrying the plate of sandwiches, "We'll gather around the fire. It's a lovely open-hearth in here," he headed into the other room.
"That's not what I was talking about," John took out his phone, "I've been texting you, calling you. It's not like you to not respond. What's going on? And why are you still here?"
Before John could respond, he leapt off of the end of the bed and hurried out of the door. The other man was left sitting alone and found himself, once again, utterly at a loss.
"Yeah, I'll see you when you return. Twenty quid you can't solve it before the weekend," he called after him.
Sherlock slowly rose, "I did not mean for you to reply, it was only an approval so that you would say my name again, in that tone preferably," he ran a long finger over John's mouth.
John could see this was going nowhere good and stepped forward himself, putting a hand to Sherlock's chest to steady him. The detective faltered and leaned into the touch unwittingly. John caught the slight weakness and his shoulder dropped a bit allowing the strength of his body to bear more of the weight. The small wound on his shoulder reopened and the white open collared shirt had fallen to expose the angry bite mark, now dotting scarlet red drops over his skin. Gaston mounted the steps and pulled the collar further, but before he could examine the mark, Sherlock was upon him. With the strength of three men he held Gaston by his collar until his feet lifted from the floor.
"You were going to ask where I have been all night followed by have I found anything of importance. Since the first question is of no consequence and leads into the answer of the second I feel it prudent to skip the small talk and inform you that I have indeed solved the case."
Once again, he did as was requested, overcoming the urges at war in his brain, "John...perhaps if I die..."
"I don't know. That's why I'm still here. All of the victims displayed the same behaviours. It begins with seclusion, then an increase in irritability," he was pacing now, back and forth in front of John, "As they were all at home, there were never any witnesses to their deaths. Even the ones who employed servants and housekeepers, they only reported the behaviour. The bodies were simply found. Nothing was done John!" he spat out with vexed disgust. He walked away from John in a huff and re-entered the bedroom.
Just then, John bursted out of the lodge, walking full speed toward the two as they sat on a wooden bench overlooking the countryside. His face was lined with anger and his body language meant business.
John smiled. He liked to tease Sherlock, even if it rarely got any reaction. Still, it passed the time when the consulting detective was in between cases and on the rampage, or in times such as these when John was feeling mischievous. He put down the magazine and walked up to his own room to start packing.
"What happens in this town is my business and you're not from around here," he said, now only a few feet away from where John sat. The onlookers sat and watched silently from their various perches and seating.
John was dumbfounded at the admission. Sherlock rarely shared intimate information. Most of the time he had found things out from Mycroft or Mrs. Hudson.
"It's strange," John's voice cut through the chilled air in clouds of white, "I noticed it when I came in as well. There shouldn't be roses blooming at this time of year."
"No, they all had one," Sherlock answered, "His death started the whole chain. He refused the rose. He had the first."
Suddenly, the door flew open with a forceful gust of wind that blew the flames back against the ashen bricks of the hearth. It had startled John quite absolutely; until he turned and realized who was standing there, coat in a flourish around his legs.
"I will not kill him. I will not kill you, John...I will not...," the weak voice was barely above a whisper, and then those lovely eyes disappeared behind closed lids.
He pointed through the double doors in front of them. Across the audience, and standing perfectly still in the middle of the stage, was Sherlock. He was dressed in a black suit with a bright red shirt and a white silk tie in a double Windsor. His lapel brandished a glittering silver boutonnière of holly leaves. The berries sparkled red in the center and were only matched for their audacity by the fur-lined Santa hat atop the consulting detective's wily auburn curls. He peered out over the group of expectant patrons. One would think him completely at ease should they be of little consequence to him, but John knew better. His eyes gave his nervousness away and the slight fidget of his fingers along his bow announced his anxiety. The violin that hung at his side reflected the warm stage lighting. It glowed, and though its companion was not yet running along its delicate strings, an intimation of it's lovely sound was minutely audible. Perhaps imagination, perhaps expectation, but as ever the tenor of the envisaged melody brought about a yuletide merriment that made the diminutive room seem abundant and welcoming.
The case was as John had predicted. Sherlock had it solved before noon the next day. The DI was grateful for the assistance, even if Sherlock hadn't completely held back his opinion regarding the intelligence of the local police force. Nonetheless, the murderer was caught. The town safe again, Sherlock and John went back to the lodge to take lunch before heading back to 221b Baker's Street. It was 2 o'clock and the two sat in the middle of the empty restaurant. A few sandwiches and some hot soup had been ordered, along with a pint for John and coffee for Sherlock. The consulting detective sat, his food untouched, and sipped nonchalantly at his cup.
Sherlock now looked deep into his eyes, "This may seem crazy, but it's crazy and it's true. I know you can save me, John. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who...," he stumbled, "You have already done it once. I have every confidence that you can do it again," but there was hesitation behind the look of hope on his face.
These past few weeks had not been the norm, and now they were facing a challenge that neither was fully processing. For who could process such a dilemma? Curses, enchantments, magic roses surrounding a castle far, far away. It was nonsense, and the pair knew it. Yet, the sun still shone on the ill-kept manor. It's large stone walls stood the test of time, existing in one and then the next. The air that chilled those walls turned stale as it entered the closed off rooms and dark hallways. It was stagnant, refusing to move on with the passing years. Perhaps that is how the consulting detective and the former Captain became inexorably caught up in this nonsensical situation. Air was never suspect in the beginning. It was an observer, an invisible companion to any crime scene until proven malignant.
And that's what did it. Sherlock stopped, the beast retreating. The man who now hovered above John was flushed and shaking. There were not many times that he had heard John plead. He examined the conflict going on behind his face. He stilled, his breath slow and measured.
A buzz was set throughout the bar, the ponderings of inebriation mixed with fear and upset. Merely the suggestion of danger was enough to begin the dance. These things he spoke of had never happened before, however the castle did have a dark reputation. Possibilities wound themselves around the minds of the townsfolk like ghastly tendrils. Anxiety made it's presence known and soon the buzz turned to uproar. Cries to action made their turns about the room, and Gaston stood in the middle of it. His worry for his town was honest and true. He had purposefully rallied the pub to march, however he did not want this to get out of hand. He held up his hands to signal for silence. Gaston would lead the people to the castle and find out once and for all what manner of curse lived there.
John stilled. The room was spinning. It had not stopped when the music had, for reasons not yet realized. The blur went by around him as if it barely existed in this world. For a split second, he thought that maybe it did not. Maybe this was something else all together, a dazzling place he had never known. He felt uncertain and ensnared. Those eyes, those eyes would not allow him to leave here. They begged, they worried, they wanted. John did not remember seeing it before, but he knew now that the whole of it had been there all along. The time for ignorance was through.The question now was would his mind allow such possibilities. His breath halted in his chest. His lungs decided that air was not the order of the moment and were being decidedly uncooperative. John's body betrayed him and when Sherlock went to pull closer once more, he flinched and pulled back. He had not meant it to be abrupt, but he could see from Sherlock's reaction, that had been the case. John looked away, not knowing why he was attempting to hide his unease.
Sherlock gave him a scathing glare, but continued, "Love, John. What was missing from every case, what was missing from Lawrence Hawkes. There was no love in their hearts, be it romantically put, and they died for it."
His eyes flew open then, just in time to see bright flashes coming from outside. The accompanying booms forcing him to cover his ears, he sat up in his bunk. The crisp sound of broken glass was replaced by a resounding thunder. Their location was under attack. Dust and smoke blew in clouding the barrack. It assaulted his nose and eyes. He looked around. His fellow soldiers were already on their feet. He attempted to join them, but the side of the room suddenly collapsed inward. The force of the explosion sent him flying back against the opposite wall. His left arm hit hard and he could feel it shatter. The onslaught continued, explosions raining down in torrents. The last thing he remembered before he blacked out was the image of his ornament, shattered just like his arm, resting on the floor in pieces.
"You can count on us, John. We'll break a leg tonight!" Anderson called to John as he walked toward the exit.
"What's unkind?" Anderson exclaimed, "John will go off at Sherlock and Sherlock will tell him he's an idiot for believing us. We just sit back and watch the action unfold. It'll all be a big joke in the end!"
"They all go crazy. We've all heard the stories and read the articles. They all end up as twisted beasts, and this one is no different. If anything, they are even more of a threat. Did you see the first one? Strange look about him. Not normal. What if this time he decides that one murder is not enough? He could come down here in the night and take any one of us. They could make off with your children, wreak havoc on our village! It's time to take some action, boys. Who's with me?" Gaston entreated to the crowd.
John looked about intently, trying ever so hard to keep his mind off of the red flag that was waving around in the back of his mind. This house was beautiful, indeed, but there was definitely something wrong with what was going on within. The way in which Sherlock reacted to him was not at all in keeping with his normal behaviour, if one could call how he behaved normal. The air seemed stale here and the furnishings devoid of any liveliness they may have once embodied. Even if the rooms were blessed with a full barrage of sunlight, he hypothesized that they would still remain as they are; dormant, afraid, lifeless. He wondered if there perhaps was a natural phenomena of some sort coming from the surrounding area that would affect anyone who dared live here long term. Though that would not explain the people who had successfully owned and lived here with no homicide to speak of. Perhaps there was a history of mental illness in the families of the area, but that would have lead to more deaths and in a broader area. Lost in thought, John barely noticed when the kettle sounded, signaling its readiness.
"Yes, dear," Mrs Hudson addressed John, "Something I invested in after my husband died. A sort-of parting gift to myself. Tom here is my second in command when I'm in London," the grey-haired man nodded, "And this is my great-nephew, Phillip," the boy nodded as well, adding a quick hello, "He likes to go by Phil," she added, whispering to the side.
"Not quite what I meant," John laughed, "Is that the only place you've looked? Is there another library?"
"I'm not a loving person John...except with certain people. And at that, it has only been since...it has only been relatively recent," he sighed, "John, the woman told Lawrence that the only way for him to break the curse was to learn to love, but it was not enough to stop at that. He had to earn someone's love in return," he ran his hands through his hair, "True love."
John looked over from the revelry, only just coming out of a firm hug from Lestrade himself. His eyes widened and he slowly came to stand alongside Sherlock, "Would you look at that."
Sherlock stood up with enough vehemence to send his chair flying back into the wall, "And what if I did!!?" He shouted, coming to stand face to face with John, "Who would care? You?" He pushed him, stalking forward to trap him against the wall, "Why don't you just leave now? You seem so keen on it. It's all you've said from the beginning."
Sherlock shifted and audibly sucked in a breath of air. I could tell that he wanted to say something, but his lips shut again tightly. When he looked at me, his face was a storybook. Unfortunately, the language to read it was not within my grasp. All I could do was follow him as he walked around the other side of the table, into the living room, and out the front door. He hadn’t even missed a step when he grabbed his coat and scarf from the hook. The door slammed behind him noisily. He never said a word.
The music stopped, but the dance continued. There was nothing but the repetitive hum of the record player tracking over and over by the wall, but the very air they waltzed through hung thick with feeling. They slowed as it all dissipated into reality, though a bit more than a thread of it remained still. They did not disengage from each other, instead coming to a halt in the middle of the floor. They breathed heavily from the exertion and their cheeks were a mirrored flush. Sherlock looked into John's eyes, but could find no words to speak to him. He stood, his hands resting on the man's waist. The rage that had so recently been vexatious was nowhere to be found. Instead, his face was open, like a book whose pages had been liberated by the wind.
"Sherlock," John breathed out with relief, the adrenaline still causing tremors in his body, "Bloody hell. What is going on? Why haven't you answered my calls?"
John sighed and turned once again to face the man. He leaned in and in a low voice answered, "Look, I am not interested in your bravado nor do I feel the slightest hint of intimidation. I don't see any point in this continuing."
She nodded, "I'm afraid so. The ski tow up the way is only being used to hang the wash. If this keeps up, I may have to give up on the lodge. It's a shame too. I have a lot invested here, and it's such a lovely spot to go on holiday...very quiet."
"Hmmmm," his eyes narrowed, "Another Afghanistan flashback, mild by the looks of it," he stepped over to the desk beside the window.
Sherlock's eyes flashed. He grabbed two fistfuls of John's shirt and threw him to the floor in front of the desk. The force exerted was immense and John rolled on to his back, pausing for a moment out of shock. His head hurt from the knock against the marble floor and his vision blurred for an instant. Looking up, he saw his friend angry and out of control. His appearance was tantamount to that of a agonizing cocaine fit, and John found his own rage dissipating into worry. However he did not have long to ponder it as Sherlock came after him again, grabbing his shirt and pulling him up. The threads and buttons began to tear as he was dragged across the room, his head hitting the bedpost as he was thrown against it. He struggled with the hands that trapped him there. He did not want to hurt Sherlock, but if he could not get the overwrought detective to stop, he felt he may have to use more insistent ways of deterring him.
The next day came with a flurry of snowfall. The lands surrounding the castle were covered in a thin blanket of white. John found Sherlock near midday awalk in the frozen gardens. Though the landscape was wrapped in a bitter cold, the stubborn roses refused to yield. Bright and smiling, they mustered their strength and basked in the cool sunlight. Eyes as frozen blue as their backdrop examined scarlet petals donned with fresh white snowflakes. It was an odd sight. Unexplainable in the consulting detective's mind, which was also an uncannily uncommon occurrence. Though in this case, he was  becoming accustomed to uncommon and uncanny.
"I'm afraid you're becoming the case," John knelt back down, his tone softer. He poured some iodine on one of the towels, "Now keep still, this is going to hurt a little," the towel pressed against the wound and stung in an awful manner. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut & breathed in sharply, but did not move from John's gentle grasp. The doctor leaned forward and blew over the area where the iodine was soaking into the skin. For some reason that always felt better despite the fact that new bacteria was being breathed into an open wound. It brought back fond memories of skinned knees and elbows. His mother tended them in much the same way, firm, but tender. Sherlock relaxed a bit, his face brightening. John continued to pat at each cut, cleaning and sanitizing as much as possible. The bleeding had all but stopped and they would not need stitches, strictly speaking. Thankfully, the wounds on his chest were the same, if a bit deeper. The coat had caught a lot of the force and so the claws had not gouged too terribly. Four even slashes ravaged the skin, but the damage was not as bad as it had initially appeared. John steadied the compliant detective with his hand softly at his back as his other came to wash the vicious looking wounds. The water did not cause him much pain, but when the iodine was added, the necessary evil obliged Sherlock to recoil. John caught him and steadied him once more.
"Bed," John pointed to his bed, receiving a wrinkle-nosed look from his friend. But he shot a look back that meant business and the consulting detective caved. Exhaustion was finally taking him. He headed over and pulled back the crimson coverlet. The sheets were cold and so was he. Begrudgingly he slipped underneath them. Soon they would be warm as ever, and the comfort was already beginning to lull him into a haze of sleep. The torments in his mind slowed to a halt.
Turning, cup of tea in hand, he walked over to the couch and sat down to watch some telly. He flipped through the channels absentmindedly, trying to concentrate on finding a show, but his thoughts went back to Sherlock.
It was infectious, in fact, his smile. I could not help but reflect it, “All right Picasso, what do you say to popcorn and a movie?”
"Yes, I hadn't even noticed it still burning," John sat down on one of the green velvet cushions on the bench surrounding the hearth. Sherlock sat on the bench opposite, placing the plate next to John, "I don't know what's wrong with me. I haven't had trouble falling asleep in a long time."
"Be my guest," Sherlock said, ushering John in and then following. He made for the heavy red velvet curtains and pulled them back with a dramatic swoosh. One after the other, he opened the curtains, bathing the expanse of the room in a warm flaxen afternoon sun. John squinted his eyes for a moment, allowing them to get accustomed to the brightness. He looked around and then up, smiling brilliantly. It was the castle's library, and it was an amazing library, at that. The shelves climbed the walls and invited you to climb with them. Up to the tip top one might go by means of tall shining wood and brass ladders. A person could travel from one shelf to the next and never want for fine literature. John was not a reader by nature, but he appreciated the knowledge in books and he could certainly appreciate the craftsmanship of this glorious haven.
"I have an idea," a slightly inebriated Anderson replied, "Why not have some fun? We've been working for days. We deserve some entertainment too."
"I am...sorry," Sherlock's voice, deep and forlorn, resounded in the room as if it were a concert hall.
But the relief was short lived. Sherlock's legs suddenly gave out from under him and he crumpled to the floor just beyond the flowing sheer curtains. They billowed and ran themselves over his deteriorating form. John was beside him, holding him, checking the eyes that rolled in his head, fingering the pulse at his neck.
He really did. Resigned to the fact that Sherlock would undoubtedly ascertain his password and use the blasted thing whenever convenient, and sometimes even when not, he changed the password just to see how long it would take Sherlock to figure it out. This time was much shorter than expected.
The music suddenly stopped and John opened his eyes to see Sherlock had looked up from his instrument.
It was more of a statement than a question. Sherlock was in obvious need of rest, but would not likely do so without some cajoling. Perhaps if he could get the man calmed and redirected enough, he could persuade him to lie down for a short time. He often did not sleep while on cases, however at times it went too far. Back home, John would have to insist that he take a break and normally Sherlock crashed hard for a few hours.
"No, something else killed him. There are other accounts," he looked through the books and papers on the desk, becoming more agitated as he failed to find what he was looking for, "The details conflict. The stories don't match, as if it were made up. It's here, but it's not here. There isn't enough....not enough..." his words spiraled faster and faster.
Anderson looked around in confusion until he realized there was no Sherlock to be found. His face changed from merry and mischievous to apologetic and surprised. Donovan once again stepped in and began to explain the whole thing. John's face reddened as the story went on and he cut her off just as she was about to say for the third time how they didn't think it would go this far.
Sherlock gave him a slightly annoyed look, but did not stop the doctor, "It would be best if we went on to the Police Station rather than stand here focusing on my attire. We have a case to solve, John."
John went to him cautiously, but he only pulled away, maintaining distance and murmuring much of the same that he had previously expressed. He repeated himself over and over and over. His demeanor was agitated, but seemingly tired now, as if tremendously weak. He rocked there on his knees in the middle of the bed, his mind far, far away. John remained still, trying to breathe and still his fiercely beating heart. He was truly at a loss, and so he stood motionless in the devastated room. He felt there was something that he should say, but the words would not come. Suddenly, Sherlock sat back and turned, his back facing John. He paused for a brief moment and then rose, walking out onto the terrace in solitary silence.
John sang back to Sherlock as he grinned, "If you're worried and you can't sleep, just count your blessings instead of sheep," Sherlock chuckled and chimed in with him.
Sherlock's eyes were turquoise when they rose to meet him, as an ocean when the sun shows through on a cloudy day, "I want to kill you," he choked out, once again grabbing the cloth of John's shirt. His hands intimated at roving further, but they were stayed and Sherlock remained in the fight.
Irritability, he thought, Seclusion. Hadn't those been his words when describing the symptoms of the victims before their deaths? Part of the "curse" presumably. There must be some kind of natural phenomenon in this area that causes this reaction in people. But what? How? Why some and not others? The thoughts came in a wash over him, but the desire to escape, to get help, was paramount. When his thumb finally slipped through the rope, his adrenaline soared. He maneuvered through the rest quickly and not without gaining a few burns and scratches along the way.
"I'm just saying, it's not a place I would want to investigate, much less stay there as a guest," Lestrade said.
His long fingers rose weakly to meet John's cheek, "At least I got to be with you one time, at least I am here with you...at the end," his arm went slack then and fell to John's lap. He lay there unmoving on the cold, grey stone floor.
John had gone back into the private library after that. His insides were in a disconcerted uproar, but he felt satisfied that he would be able to hear any further upset on the part of Sherlock, for he was nearby and his ears keen. However he soon found himself awakening on top of a pile of books. He had fallen asleep. Jumping up, he ran into the other room scanning for the detective. The terrace doors were closed, the room still in disarray, but with no more damage than what had been done previously. He ran to the doors and looked through the glass out onto the balcony. Unkempt and glazed with frost it was, but at the moment no one occupied it.
"John, I...as I have said before, I am no hero. Dark or otherwise, it's dangerous putting knights up on horses, as you so metaphorically put it. They're likely to slip off, especially in my case."
John took his bag to his room and began to unpack, musing over the past few days. The visit with Harry had gone rather well. Though it was her birthday, she stuck to cola and water. She really seemed to be giving it her best shot at sobriety. He had actually enjoyed some of the time he had spent with her. The sparkling smile and flip of her dirty blond tresses reminded him of when they were children at play in the yard. Harry always got them into trouble. She had always had a plan, and a subsequent joke when said plan did not work out to their benefit. This time, there was no plan. This visit had been about doing what was best and following a mellow schedule. They sat, they joked, they watched nostalgic movies on the telly. It had been a very calm few days, not at all the norm for most visits, and John had not minded in the least. In this case, not at all the norm was just perfect. In the end, he had hugged his sister tightly and wished her the happiest of birthdays as he left to return to 221B Baker St. What he had not expected was an empty flat when he got there.
John huffed, raising his finger to speak his mind to the waiting face in front of him, but decided it was really of no use. Pulling the scarf from Sherlock's neck,  he turned with a jerk, and walked toward a taxi that was waiting in the near by car park.
"A break. Maybe it would be best to go see about a room in town? Get away from here and clear your head. You might even solve the case if you were detached for a while."
John laughed nervously, in a way that conveyed that he could not believe he was about to do what he was about to do. He looked away, feeling the burning in his cheeks and the rising of his heartbeat. But he soon looked back to his friend, smiled, and in the spirit of amusement extended his own hand, placing it in Sherlock's outstretched. In an instant they were turning about the resplendent ballroom. Sherlock lead with impressive expertise. It was such that John felt his rhythm with ease and moved in time, though he indeed was not skilled in this area. At first, he felt compelled to look at his feet, nervous that he would step on his partner's. But his head soon rose to the sight of fiery turquoise eyes locking him in, imploring him to pull closer. Out of pure instinct, his arm moved further over Sherlock's shoulder, their bodies now touching. Sherlock responded, tightening his own hold around John's waist. They moved together now, the music encountering them as one. Sherlock had been correct, this was not a dance. It was a feeling.
John changed the subject. One thing he did not want was another train ride with "I'm-unhappy-and-bored-so-I'm-going-to-be-a-monstrous-prat" Sherlock. He looked to where Mrs. Hudson was cleaning up behind the bar.
Sherlock complied, raising his arms so as to allow the doctor to bind his chest with the gauze wrapping. The cuts had ceased bleeding, however they were open nonetheless and susceptible to irritation and infection. First aid handled and clothing gathered, the pair headed up stairs to retrieve another shirt for Sherlock. It was already well into the morning and the night had passed without rest. Each man felt this most profoundly in their bodies for not only had they not rested, but the whole of the eve had been eventful. John did not want Sherlock going back to the hidden room in his state, so instead he steered them to his own room. After some protest, Sherlock put on one of John's undershirts and stood wearily in the middle of the room.
