“After you snapped. He just lost it. He couldn’t take your death. “ Clint answers as he stepped forward to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I should tell....”
The news of Steve’s death had sent him into premature labor. The babies born two weeks early. It didn’t effect them too much. But tony knew he would’ve been so devastated if he’d lost both Steve and peter he would’ve been having a tough time fighting to get through the labor.
*”hello Little peter....” Steve kissed Tony’s Stomach. As the crowd cheered they had been keeping it a secret. ***
He stopped in the doorway when he saw it lined with Roses and sunflowers ( his favorite) all the way down the hallway and right towards the kitchen.
She's a kid. Clint realized. "Hey, hey, I'm not going to hurt you. Sh, sh." He promised, trying to sooth her. He let go of one of her arms to grab his cuffs. He wasn't going to hurt a kid, but this kid had powers unknown. And had managed to get away from him and Nat. They needed one less unknown on the field, especially with Iron Man on the loose.
"I do work for Black Widow. Made her a stealth suit she could hide under clothes for missions where she had to keep a low profile. She'd looked like a girl-next-door in a cute sweater and jeans. She'd been armed to the teeth and nearly bulletproof. Had to learn quite a bit about design for that." Tony said, taking the rest of the clothes from the mannequin to hand them over to her. "Wasn't sure about the gloves. Hope they fit."
Thor put a heavy hand on Peter's shoulder. "I'm sorry, young Peter. I didn't know or understand. Captain Rogers has always told me not to bother you about food, but I didn't realize... I'm sorry, Peter. I do not understand this feeling that you do. I don't know hunger as you do, I am sorry for my ignorance."
Peter sighed. He considered reaching out and patting her arm, but she was asleep. She liked to choose who could touch her, she couldn't do that while she was asleep. Instead he gave her a smile, even if she couldn't see it. "Tell her to call when she's up to it, okay?"
"It's cool, to have a mentor like that. I guess I sort of felt that way about Dad, before anything was official. Going to his lab and tinkering was...my safe haven. You seem to feel comfortable around him. That's good." Peter nodded. He hadn't seen Maggie that comfortable around people. She seemed calm around Vanessa and Wade, but after that, she always seemed to have some sort of wall up. Her eyes were always darting, searching, looking for threats and danger. He could relate, given his spidersense. But, though brief, he'd never seen Maggie take off her gloves around anyone, except Dr. Strange. That had to mean something.
Music played. Peter put in a few different songs. He, of course, had access to the playlist both his parents wanted for the wedding. So he was teaching his Papa different dances for them. He loved his lab time and video games with Tony. But painting and dancing were his and Steve's things, well...and running, but that was only when they were either in 'uniform' or out of town. He liked teaching Steve to dance. He seemed to actually like it, even if he was...weirdly clumsy for someone so active. Peter liked learning painting, though he was...not great at it for someone with such dexterity. It was cool, sharing these things.
Peter tried to dance, but as he did, his body shifted. It was almost like people were hitting him, shoulder to shoulder, making him unsteady. He fell to the ground and didn't get up, curling in on himself.
Peter snorted. "Yeah. He's gonna storm a high school in an iron suit. That'd be the swiftest way to bring the Avengers down on his ass. He won't do that. Even he'd know that's stupid."
"I don't know." Maggie huffed and cupped her face in her hands. "There's nothing going on here. All this time stuck inside and when I'm finally outside it's dead."
Maggie made the, perhaps, wise choice of not even looking toward him. "Not your fault, Captain Rogers. Everyone okay?"
Steve nodded. Without moving perceptively, to normal people anyway, he made a series of noises with small taps and brushes of his finger.
"Hm. I've always been able to tell if good or bad things will happen. When I was young my powers kicked in when I walked by someone in a weird fight. My mutation developed earlier than most, probably because I was exposed to an... a source of a lot of power. I'm not very good in school."
Strange nodded. "If you ever take my daughter's ability to get ahold of me again, I'll bring you and everyone in this school down. My daughter was so far gone she couldn't take her medicine. My daughter was throwing up and sobbing for hours yesterday. And that girl has a high pain tolerance. You put my daughter through that pain. When she asked for help, you denied her. When she wanted to ask me for help, you denied her again. I don't do well with people who hurt my daughter." Strange stood up. "If you would like to avoid a lawsuit, I'd change your policies. And my daughter will be carrying any of her necessary medicine on her person from now on. If her phone is EVER taken from her again, I will not be so polite. Have a nice day."
"I could always put together a report or something so you didn't have to come down here and strain yourself. I'm just saying, it'd be kinda stupid to reinjure yourself just to check on this stuff." Peter shrugged.
"I think she saw his face. He was asking if she was responsive. If she remembered anything." Christine looked at her. "She saw whoever did this."
Strange had finally managed to catch her. To her credit, she was slippery. He set all sorts of traps for her and she wasn't easy to catch. Her physical strength wasn't enough to overcome him, mostly because he wouldn't let her get close enough. Be she was quick and clever. Some times that's all it took. Others... Well, once she was caught she had a hard time getting out. "Give up yet?"
Tony felt weird for a brief moment, then he was in a strange place. "Peter." He breathed. He stepped out of his suit and rushed to Peter's side.
Happy snorted up front. "Lay eggs? What's with kids these day?" Apparently, Ned's questions had broken through Happy's earlier anxiety.
"I have plenty of discipline. My powers, however, don't...they don't...mesh with logic or order. It's...chaos. You try holding your brain together in chaos."
She felt her power surge. The sound of her watch grew slower. She took her increased sped, shoved Natasha back and shot up into the sky to avoid Clint's arrow. A wave of dizziness filled her. Her watch resumed normal time as her power failed her. She wasn't going to last much longer. She flew into the nearest building and stepped inside through a broken window. "Itsy-Bitsy, I'm not going to be much help here soon." Maggie closed her eyes against the nausea.
Peter didn't really want to leave this dimension, wherever it was, it was quiet, calm. There were no fake people. No torture. No bad things. In the real world, SI was dealing with another crisis, New York was on fire, the world now knew Tony Stark had a son, the news was losing their minds, and everything was just...awful.
"Ah, ah, ah. Stay seated. I'll bring you food, darlin'." Steve said, putting the food down on the table. "Peter, come get some food. The cheater can wait a minute."
"Behave or it's your fingers I take the hammer to next." He glared at her, hammer in hand. "I'll take out the trash. Don't want you getting any ideas of fixing it."
"He was an adult. You are a teenager and you have to do more than just study the mystic arts, so no. Just no." Vanessa cupped her cheek. "Do you have Hunter?"
"That's okay. People are frightening. You did good though." Tony kissed his forehead. "Okay. You are free to go mingle. Lots of cool projects out there to explore. You probably know some of the people presenting. They'd be happy to see a friendly face. I gotta go schmooze the press. Steve, Happy, and Rhodey are all here if you want a break from anything. Pepper's here too...but she's...occupied today. Lots of press on her recently, so stick to the others if possible. If you ever need to escape or anything Happy's ready to get you out at any time. Also, I made sure there was no mint in any of the food, so eat to your heart's content, okay?"
"Don't interrupt Miles with foul language." He said, picking up his needle. "You won't want to watch this, squeamish little thing."
Peter shrugged. "It's hard...I've never dealt with anything like this before. I'm...holding it together."
"They're not." Maggie shrugged. "They are my guardians, but not my parents. They're Wade and Vanessa, always have been. I mean, I live with them and they get me to school and all that but it's different than parents."
Ness nodded. "Fair. She has a tough skull though. So, if you eventually need to hold up a sign, I'll give you some paper and some glitter glue."
As a weird note, I just want to say I haven't plotted ANYTHING in this, but Peter's invention worked out to be needed for the sequel and the thing that Peter is missing has been mentioned in the first story several times. So much little things have actually worked story and plot wise. Apparently no plotting is great.
"They are sexy though." Wade started. "Even you know that, Strange. You're cute yourself. Did you feel left out? Honey, I'm sorry, you're sexy too. Wanna play doctor?" Peter escaped before he heard anything else. When he got to their home. Tony was on the sofa talking on the phone.
"The stronger you get, the stronger they'll get. The visions show up in your dreams because that's when your mind is really at its most vulnerable. The more your power asserts itself though, the more on guard you're going to have to be. You have to be able to direct it, control it. Or it will overwhelm you some day." Strange frowned.
"No. I learned the hard way that all the warnings come after the spells. I read the warnings first these days."
"Oh, shush." Tony said teasingly. "I'm glad you and your friend are safe. If it was Obie, he likely would have sent more than one. Happy's going to make sure you get home. It's going to be a couple hours. If you didn't grab anything substantial, Happy'll stop. I'll get ahold of Mrs. Leeds...explain that he's safe..."
Alright, guys. Here's some warnings. Kidnapping, torture, physical violence, mental and psychological torture, threat of sexual assault (none takes place but it is threatened), and in general just some not nice imagery of death and suffering.
"Well, Mr. Stark was on the news, had some broken bones? Isn't he like...your foster parent?" She whispered the last bit quietly.
Maggie felt warmth in her chest. He didn't act like she was weak or small, he simply respected her boundaries for what they were, boundaries. "Thank you."
"Not too long. Long enough to have control of myself, I didn't like being away from home, though." She looked up at Tony. "How do you know about that place?"
Maggie hung up and shook her head. "Sorry about her. She's...a character. So's Wade, if I'm being honest." She ran her fingers through her auburn hair awkwardly.
"Not a fight you want to pick. You're in no shape to be in your suit. We have the high ground, as the meme says." Steve chuckled.
"Left hand or right?" The voice said. The audio quality was slightly different. Recorded on a different mike?
"I've got a...different solution planned." Strange commented, standing up. "But... we're going to have to take the whole room."
"It aches, but not too bad. Been taking pain meds, they help." Maggie gingerly put her arm through her sleeve and pulled her shirt back down, glad it was over. Knowing the drill, she stretched out her leg on the table that was a makeshift medical bed. "Do we have an ETA on these ones?"
"I know. You did so good, Margaret. You need to rest now, okay? You focus on healing. We'll keep you safe, promise. All you have to do is rest now."
Maggie walked the length and width of the guest room many times. The floor didn't creak. Once she was satisfied that she wasn't going to wake in terror, she took her gloves off and got around for bed. This was Dr. Strange. She'd be fine. And she'd managed not to bother him so far, even though she'd probably been too sassy. So, maybe it was okay. Maybe.
Maggie could smell the blood on her hands. See a brick laying on the floor. Something was falling out of the dead man's pocket. He wasn't breathing, wasn't moving. She'd killed him. She MURDERED him.
Maggie waited. Strange returned, looking much more like a doctor than a wizard and he wrapped the curtain around her bed.
"And yours. You going to make time for training this weekend or are you going to be flying around the city with that spider-boy?"
"Occupying my mind so I don't lose it." Maggie whimpered. She felt like her mind was lost already. It felt like her brains were scrambled. The lights hurt, her stomach hurt. Everything hurt. "I can't escape, we all know that. I can't."
"It was her. May was right there. I just...I wanted to see her and I couldn't get to her. I tried, but she...she was gone like last time." Peter began to sob again.
She closed Hamlet and pulled out her calculus book. She sat up against the wall and started working through the problems for the week. Integrals were more fun than English.
"What?" The woman asked. She swung her staff and knocked out two men. "Just ignore it for now, I'll explain later."
For a moment Bucky pulls back and Tony’s sure he’s going to abandon this but he doesn’t. Instead he abandons the idea of leaving Tony because he grabs his hips hard and pulls him into a kiss. Tony lets out a noise of surprise but goes with it, arms twisting tighter around Bucky’s neck as one of Bucky’s hands dips lower, curling his hand over Tony’s ass and squeezing. He lets out a soft moan as Bucky presses him in closer that way, kiss frantic and overdue as he seems to desperately try to make up for lost time. Tony allows Bucky to control the kiss, nipping at his bottom lip and kissing his way down Tony’s neck like Tony will disappear if he doesn’t do it all now. He tilts his head to the side to give Bucky better access and Bucky breathes out a soft moan.
, they are done making plans here its Tony’s turns to make plans they’ve proven they’re mean about planning. He can’t believe they pulled this shit while he was halfway across the
“Like it when people tell me I’m good,” he admits softly, looking away briefly but Steve tilts his head back.
have a brain that seems to naturally fall into scientific inquiry. Tony suspects Sam dumbs himself down a lot to blend in when he shouldn’t. He knows Sam’s smarter than he lets on on account of he doesn’t seem to get lost in conversations Tony has when he talks science. Everyone else does but Sam asks questions.
” Steve’s words are cut off as Tony lifts himself up some and falls back down again. “Lean forward a little, want that skirt to sit a little higher- that’s it,” he murmurs as Tony sits forward some, balancing himself out before he starts riding Steve in earnest.
Its so worth it to watch Rhodey’s eyes pop out of his skull as he stands up, walking away from the camera for a moment before he returns. “Tony,
Steve carefully pries his fingers off his shirt and pulls him back into his lap. Tony allows it because he figures it might get him somewhere so he relaxes into Steve. Also, he’s fucking sore and he doesn’t have enough energy to keep up that level of fight. For a long few moments Steve says nothing and Tony’s about to get annoyed all over again when Steve finally talks. “I love you,” he murmurs, almost too low to hear over Bucky’s shower.
Steve sighs. “Baby, Bucky will be here with food in like twenty minutes, lets go,” he says, prodding at Tony some more.
“Fuck off, Rumlow,” Steve says, appearing from behind Tony with some sticks. Tony wrinkles his nose because he’s been reminded he’s in nature and he
Steve looks like a tree full of lemons has been shoved up his salted ass but Bucky’s not about to miss out on this. “We’ve partaken a few times,” he says, smacking Steve’s hand away when he tries to smack him. His hand ends up being smacked by Tony anyway and he goes from looking like a scorned cat to a scorned grandmother. Bucky grins, shaking his head because Steve really did bring home a winner. He’s one hundred percent sure there’s no one else like Tony out there and Tony is the one for him. Even if he has to put up with Steve’s stupid ass.
“We may be convinced to give you a repeat show if you make it worth our effort,” Steve says, grinning.
it but he also recognizes he doesn’t need to not to be a dick. And one time he admitted that he’d adopt Tony’s fashion if he though he could pull it off but he was pretty wasted and Tony’s pretty sure he forgot he said that. Rhodey could never pull off Tony’s look though so its probably best that he doesn’t try.
For a few moments Steve remains silent. “I don’t think sex positions belonged in that list,” he says eventually and Tony, bless him, looks quite like a scorned cat.
“Am not,” Bucky mumbles petulantly, leaning up to kiss Tony again. Tony presses Bucky back into the mattress, shivering as Bucky runs his hands over his body. “You ready?” he murmurs, hands sliding over his ass. Tony nods, pressing a quick kiss to Bucky’s lips as he presses himself in. Tony lets out a low, soft moan as he presses his face into Bucky’s neck. Bucky moans, hips tilting up as he grabs a hold of Tony’s. “
torture and Tony’s got a plan. Kind of. HYDRA won’t be getting shit from him anyway, even if they think they’ve won just because they played and extended game of Dunk Tony. But they need him alive if they want anything out of him and he’d figured out fast that they weren’t willing to just kill him. Stupid of them to play their hand like that and he’d say it was stupid of them to hand him a pile of weapons but he’d honestly rather be waterboarded again than use what looks like fucking
to convince someone to fucking write the damn prescription, he might as well make the most of it. And Steve smells good, he always smells good, but he smells especially delicious now and now that he’s not confused about the whole situation here he’s pretty enthusiastic about the kissing thing. Tony figured his earlier admission to having been turned down plenty might mean he’s inexperienced but that doesn’t seem to correlate.
Steve can’t help but start laughing harder because that’s probably one of the funniest things he’s ever heard. Tony, on the other hand, looks confused. “Tony, all I’ve
From the bathroom Bucky laughs, “feisty little buggar,” he says, leaning against the doorway. Tony doesn’t even need to look at Steve to know what look he’s got on his face so he reaches up and smacks him.
Damn, yeah. “Kinda what I had in mind when I put it on,” Tony tells him. Steve pulls away fast and Tony makes a noise of disappointment at the loss.
it is hot when you do that,” he says, nipping at his neck again as the dildo hits the right spot. Tony can’t help the way his back arches as he curls his arms around Steve’s back, fingers clutching at the material as he moans.
Also, maybe warning for rough sex? Rougher than I intended anyway but like, not too bad or anything. But good to go in knowing what's up!
There’s a long pause before Steve finally sighs. “Tony,” he says, “did you tell Bucky we moved?” he asks.
Rhodey snorts, “they’re your age, why are you complaining?” he asks like Tony acts his age. He doesn’t, never really has. Downsides of growing up a genius and in the public eye though he’s allowed himself to fade a bit from public view the last few years. His thing is science over celebrity but he’ll make a comeback when he feels like it.
“What, take our fingers out of your ass and suddenly you think you’re in charge? Not how this works,” Steve tells him.
Bucky shrugs, “wouldn’t be much of a loss,” he says a bit too casually. Tony’s sure both of them have killed people, downside of the whole mob thing, but he also hopes the circumstances were
Steve and Bucky exchange a look for the second time today and that’s impressive considering Steve has apparently given up on their friendship over
Tony eventually wakes up and showers because honestly he’s gross, but he crawls back into bed with Steve as soon as he’s out. Steve, who must have been some worried, wraps his arms around him instantly, only loosening them when Tony wiggles around uncomfortably. Its not like he
He pulls the toy out slowly and presses it back in, testing his limits. “Move faster,” Tony tells him. “Want to feel it.”
close to them, and have it shaken by something you suggested to begin with. Whatever feelings Steve’s got he’ll get over them. Tony would know, he and Rhodey have the same type of relationship and they’ve been through a hell of a lot, most of it related to him being a jackass and Rhodey’s still around and they’d still do anything for each other.
Steve procrastinates his drawing by watching Tony root around in his bed side table presumably for suppressants. He doesn’t seem to find them there so he swears, grabbing his backpack and shoving his entire head into it. Steve can’t help but laugh at the image because Tony looks ridiculous but he must not appreciate it because he pulls his head back out and gives him a
He walked towards the group. He noticed the red magic of Wanda. And a arrow being shot. Clint. Going up he heard Clint yell something. And everyone stopped and looked at him as he reached the edge of their practice area.
A baby. He felt sick. His world began to spin and spin. He stumbled latching onto Rhodey’s arm even over the armor. He hadn’t known. “I... I didn’t... I didn’t know...”
Tony turned and he smiled softly at his oldest. Morgan in his arms he went to Peter. Holding him close. “Hey kiddo, come to wish dad a happy birthday?”
“His not sober.” Bucky said, he was definitely unease’s at seeing Tony alive and wasn’t sure where he stood with him. Perhaps another time they could discuss it right now it was Tony and Steve.
Rhodey has officially lost it not that he was entirely shocked everyone wasn’t the same after thanoas attacked. Not just the first time but the second time tore the Avengers apart.
“baby? What’s this ?” He asked putting down his keys on the bowl next to the door that Steve brought for the House because Tony was always losing it. The little things that made Tony so happy that he made his move that September Evening.
“Tony. I think you should take one of your pills.” Rhodey said, returning from the bathroom with The pills in his hands. “That was a bad one and you still look terrible. So here…”
‘No no no. Don’t do this ..put up fight’ tony thought his eyes shut as not to look at Steve’s pink hole...clenching and up clenching as it looked for something to fill it.
It had been nearly a year since Tony had snapped and Sacrificed himself for mankind. From that moment on Captain America was no more. He became Steve Rogers and nothing more.
Tony cried in Bucky’s arms for a little while longer.  Then he gathered himself and went to the twins. Picking them both up in his arms.
Tony snorted but nodded. He had all his memories from before. Even those of him dying. They still haunted his dreams. He was sure they did steve too.
“I .... what do you remember?” Rhodey asked as he stepped forward to Touch the scars on his arm. He remembers Seeing them when they moved Tony from the battle field, it was Steve who did and Rhodey thinks that when Steve snapped.
Thankfully Peter wasn’t here. He didn’t need to see him like this. Falling into Bucky’s arms he cried. He knew Bucky was feeling a similar anguish that he was.
“Why does it still hurt?” Tony asked Grabbing at his chest with his free hand. He thought himself having an heart attack and Rhodey somehow knew this.
“You look so much like him. Especially you Sarah.” Bucky held Sarah and brought him to his grave. Her little hand  touching the granite.
“Tony! Tony ! You feel so fucking good.” Steve moaned as tony held on trying not to enjoy it but he was a fool to say that he didn’t. This what he has wanted for a very very long time. Raping Steve wasn’t the plan however.
“Please forgive me.” Tony whispered as he lined up and Steve pushed back. With all the fingering Steve did tony was  met with no resistance at all as his cock slid in in one smooth motion.
“Steve! “ Tony said as Slid down on the wall with his hand on his face as he fight back tears. He had just lost the one good thing he had on life.
Now he could very well tell him ‘I told you so’ and he was right. Steve broke his heart and Tony was picking up the pieces.
“Man , I am seeing you but I can’t not believe it. Leave it to tony stark to look death in the eyes and come back. “
“I know he is,” Tony reassured Peter. Kissing his head full of curls. “He always will. I talk to him sometimes. And I feel like he listens.”
“Sir. Take deep breaths and relax. I have called Colonel Rhodes and  shall be here in a few minutes.”
“Exactly a year.”  Clint said mostly because he couldn’t get the any other words out. Tony was standing in front of him and he was finding hard to believe it.
“We did” Tony said with his pants undone and his cock still out. His heart was hammering in his chest as Steve looked at him with confusion on his face followed betrayal. Like he couldn’t figure out why he was in locked cell with Tony after having sex with him.
“Give him back!” He screamed. Tears pouring down his face. Kneeling on the ground and just feeling the weight of the world crushing him.
“Cause I don’t want too!” Tony said throwing his hands up in the air. He didn’t like that they were ganging up on him. And the fact that he was hopeless in Love with Steve. Had been for a while now and did his best trying to hide it with snarky comments towards the man. But he was in love with him and this wasn’t how he wanted to express his love towards the man. Maybe glass a wine by the fireplace ….not in a holding cell with Horny naked Super Soldier.
Getting up he looked around again. There was a new building. It looked as if they rebuilt the compound. He could see people training. And a familiar suit flying around. Iron Patriot. He couldn’t help the tears.
“I can’t go to him. ``Tony said To himself as he stumbled over to the bag. Steve would think he has won and that everything would hunky Dory.. that what he did was okay and that tony would come running back into his arms. Taking a few steps Tony collapsed when he realized he could forgive Steve as much as he wanted too. His knees hit the floor hard and he let out a sob. It wasn’t fair. He didn’t do anything wrong.
“Yes sir !” Tony laughed but did what he wa told anyway Coming to take a seat on the couch, only stopping to laugh out loud when Steve came rushing past him wearing an apron.
“Yes, very evil. “ Steve walked back to the bed with yet another blanket from the closet. “Here this will keep you warm until I get back.” Both got very cold very easily. Tony because of the cave and Steve because of the Ice. Neither one spoke of it but they had enough blankets to supply a village.
“Fine !!! Fine ! Fuck!” Tony shouted  when all eyes fall on him. Tony had to whither or not he wanted too. He just hope Steve would forgive him for what he was about to do.
Bucky was Standing back letting his family go first and let Tony have his moment at his husband’s grave.
Bucky scoffed If the world didn’t know any netter they would think Steve lives to be 100, and had a happy life and dies in his sleep. Not choking on his blood as he tries to tell Natasha what he wanted to tell Tony.
“Damn his heart rate is through the roof and His temperature is not normal. He is literally on fire. The man must be Going crazy with need. “ Bruce said the clip board in hand and a worried look on his face.
Tony stood up from the couch and walked toward his bedroom very curious as to what Steve had gotten him and when he opened the door he wasn’t expecting A puppy with a bow wrapped around him, sitting on their bed with a big goofy grin on his face.
“You are an ass and No. “ Steve took a beeline towards the couch just so he could give Tony a quick kiss on his lips. “Your surprise is in our bedroom. And my pasta is burning.”
“I can’t believe you Tony....I thought you were different. I really did.” Steve spit venom as he banged on the Door for anyone to let him out.
It was late one night Bucky couldn’t sleep and decided to grab a bite to eat when he walked into the Tony curled up wearing Steve’s jacket watching He and Steve’s wedding video.
Tonight he was by  His grave drinking until the lines that read his name was Blurry and Steve could forget. Except it never worked like that. He wanted to forget but he just let seeing tony.
“Well... I’m not a hallucination. They, well the fates, or whoever they are sent me back.” He tried to explain. “How long has it been? Where’s Steve?”
When tony woke he had no idea for a moment where he was and that he was even alive. But as he sat up he realized he was on the ground. Laying in grass that was once the Avengers compound. Sitting up he notice a simple marker. Reading it he suddenly remembered. Thanos almost had the gauntlet. He was getting ready to snap his fingers. One. This was the one outcome in which they won. His heart dropped. He immediately thought of Steve. Of the future they wanted after they got everyone back. But he knew what he had to do.
“It has to be you. Tony.” Bruce who had been hiding in the Corner spoke up. He had been doing some researching on the villain and came to the conclusion that they first person they laid eyes in or else it won’t work. “He saw you first and won’t be cured until …..well….”
“Promise,” he rested their foreheads together. At the mention of their unborn child he frowned. His brows knitting together in sorrow. “I didn’t know Steve. I didn’t know I was pregnant. I swear.”
“Tony.... I need.. ..” Steve moaned actually moaned as he pushed Tony against the falling wall in front of not only the Avengers but a host of spectator.
“You are not  real.” Steve said as he cuddle up to the man that haunted his dreams on so many nights.. Steve has has this dream before and as real as it felt he woke up empty arms. “My tony died. “
“Yes! Tony.” Steve said as he pushed back on Tony’s cock and began Fucking   himself on Tony’s cock.
“Your poor love will freeze. I hope you are happy on your run.” Tony said or more the heap of blankets mumbled.
The twins were seven months old now going on eight. The both looked exactly like Steve. Sarah Marie and Morgan Pepper.
“Me! No no no no.” Tony didn’t mind usually about having a roll in the hay with Female and occasionally a male, but this wasn’t a just some male. It was Captain fucking  America! “ Come on He is probably a fucking Virgin. I , for one, refuse to be the one that takes The good ol’ Captain virginity.”
“Okay so he is no goody two shoe Virgin. Doesn’t mean I have to be the one that fucks him. Bruce has a penis that he can use and So does  Clint.”
Tony knew what today was had been dreading it all week. Three year anniversary or was suppose to be but Steve made it perfectly clear that he wanted Bucky. So much for his happy ending and he was so certain that he would have it this time. He could taste it this time......he was so close. But like always the carpet got pulled out from under him and he was left holding the pieces of his broken heart. Tony was usually better at putting them back together but with Steve he just couldn’t no matter how hard he tried there were pieces that were missing and he had come to the conclusion that Steve had them and he wasn’t getting them back. He’d just have to go on the rest of his life With holes in his heart.
“Yeah like you care or cared.....whatever. It’s in the past. Not that matters....you and your boyfriend I’m sure are happy. “ tony voice broke half way through and he cursed his weakness.
Looking up at Bucky his eyes swollen and bloodshot. “I... don’t think I can go on. He... he was my everything. We were supposed to grow old together.”
Tony was rocking on the ground when Rhodey came rushing on using the legs that tony had made him. “Tony?!” Rhodey shouted as he got down on the floor and pulled his friend into a hug.
The heap of blankets moved until it slowly produced a man who grinned from ear to ear when Steve reminded him of his appointment. Being a Billionaire had its peaks and one was he got an appointment right away to remove the birth control thing that was put in his arm. Which he was grateful for because he would forget his birth control everyday if he had to take it.
This is why he never Fell in love. One night stands were where it was at. Until stupid Blonde hair , blue eyes Man waltzed into his life and changed everything in Tony’s life. His stupid Smile and stupid laugh. The way he would dance around singing in the kitchen, quite badly, to music he now knows( thanks to Sam) or when he just lay on the couch drawing in Tony’s Lab while tony worked on one of his suits. How Tony would look over just to watch Steve, then Steve would realize he  was being watched. The supper soldier would look up and their eyes would lock. Tony would melt on the spot each and every time. Of course nothing compared to when they made love and Steve had tony pinned to the mattress, his cock thrust in Tony’s willing body.
“I know! I am shocked. It’s just when I look at Steve all I can think about is having a little Stevie. “ tony hands moved to his stomach and he let out a soft sigh, “I want to do better than my father. I want to show the world that I can. Plus ….” he paused as he rubbed his stomach, daydreaming about life growing in there. “I’ve always wanted to be a mother. When I was little I had baby dolls that were my babies. Of course even at a young age I knew I had to hide them from my father who thought that men having babies were downright awful and wrong. When he found out that I could He immediately brought me down to get ….. the doctor won’t. Said it was my choice whether or not I wanted to. and now I do with Steve.”
Tony shook his head no. “I broke in yesterday and held him for a little while till the twins started fussing. He blames himself. I can’t convince him otherwise. He thinks I hate him. How could I ever hate him?”
“Well that explains why little Steve wanted to play.  What it doesn’t explain is why he wanted me to play with little Steve.” Tony crosses his arms across his chest before he walked over to the image projecting Steve’s vitals.
“I thought i saw him this morning making coffee after his morning run. “ Bucky answered his hand tightening around Tony’s. He couldn’t believe that Steve was actually gone, that the world didn’t have him in it.
“Blue balls, Steve, it’s a real thing!” Tony tried to protest but it dead on his lips when Steve kissed him goodbye before leaving the room.
“Steve?” Tony couldn’t believe he was sound this, he was about to fuck Steve Fucking Rogers...world goody two shoes against his will. Yeah sure This Steve wanted it but Normal Steve would be be against it.
“You would have died!” Tony said wanting to explain that he didn’t rape Steve that he done it to save his life.
“Thank you.” Tony put down the magazine he was reading back down on the table and stood up ready to be shown where to go. He was nervous and giddy at the same time. This was the biggest step he had ever taken in a relationship with anyone.
“Make it as cold as possible. We don’t need The captain to die on us. “ tony tried to make a snarky come back mostly to cut the tension but it fall short so he shut his mouth.
“No! “ tony snapped at his AI as he stood up His world spinning and he felt sick to his stomach. How much had he had to drink? It didn’t seem like ....He tripped over two scotch bottle as he made his way to the bathroom possible to throw up when he felt the phone in his pocket Buzz. The same phone Steve had the audacity to send him like it would make it all bette some how. Yet Tony held onto the phone like it was a life line that it he didn’t have it He would lose All hope of ever Getting Steve back. This was the only way Steve could contact him and He had to have it on him at all times. He just never expected it to ring.
“Steve....” Tony pushes away this time harder causing Steve to stumble backwards and that’s when tony saw Little Steve standing proudly at attention .”oh wow I didn’t need to see that ...and neither does anyone else.....”
“Steve is not well.” Wanda said when Rhodey and Clint won’t talk. She didn’t blame them how would one tell Tony that The man he loved was down a black hole that no one could pull him out of.
He slid down and just cuddle up to Steve. He was still so strong and *warm*. “I love you, I love you so much.”
“Steve. You’ve been hit with this pollen from this chick. And if you don’t have sex...with me.” Tony let out a nervous chuckle still in great denial that this was happening .  “than you will die.”
Bring his legs to his chest Tony sobbed for what he had and couldn’t ever again. “It hurts.” Tony said when Jarvis asked if he was okay. Tony just shook his head as he went into full blown panic attack mode.
Tony didn’t know how he had gotten into this predicament one minute he was Checking the perimeter and landed to give Steve an update, like he was suppose too and for once was, when the over 6 feet , two hundred  patriotic Hunk of a man was on him like white on rice.
No it really wasn’t. He and Steve danced to it in his lab. Steve told tony that he had never danced with anyone and tony then  offered to dance with him. Tony choose This song cause this what he had dreamt when he thought about dancing with the one he loved.  He can still feel Steve’s hand on his back as the slowly swayed to Elvis .  Can still feel how nervous Steve was and then they locked eyes in his dimly  lite  lab ...he swears His lips still Tingle .
“For real? Like you are gonna be a mother?” Pepper asked in disbelief not really judging him but she truly never thought Tony had it in him. Of course she didn’t think he could hold a relationship like he was having with Steve.
“Want you to, baby,” Tony tells him. Steve losses his pace a little as his hips stutter and then pick up speed.
black girl I have ever seen in my life and Rhodey was pissed because you can’t pick someone up after they’ve seen your dick like that. He almost abandoned me when I got her number but in my defense she happened to be interested in robotics and knew a lot about it, its not my fault we had overlapping interests.” Plus it turned out she was a lesbian and dating Hope van Dyne at the time so its not even like either of them had a chance. Rhodey totally had no right to be mad about it.
Behind him Steve presses his face into Tony’s shoulder but it doesn’t do a whole lot to muffle him. “Oh my
“Stop that,” he tells Steve. “And stop ignoring it when I say I love you, its fucking rude,” he says, obviously annoyed.
“Sorry platypus, gotta go,” he says, cutting off Rhodey’s protest as he ends the call. He’ll deal with Rhodey yelling at him later, and Pepper too he’s sure.
“Yeah, obviously, but I’m not a savage. I know how to control myself,” he says. So Tony smells delightful, that’s not exactly his business.
got this done! Sorry it took 80 years, but this is a long chapter and its mostly smut so hopefully that makes up for it!
Bucky hauls him back into a kiss, messy and hard as their teeth clash together for a moment before they find their footing. Doesn’t seem to matter much to Bucky, who’s clinging desperately to Tony’s hips before he pulls away and spins Tony around unexpectedly. “Bedroom,
Steve lets out a soft noise of discontent, “but I want to touch you,” he whines and Tony rolls his eyes.
? Oh my god, if you’re talking about Nat, Wanda, and Peggy I’m dating any of them and the rest are all Nat, she likes disguises it’s a long story. I don’t think I’ve dated anyone in like… too long to remember.” Last person was Peggy and that… he’s not entirely sure what happened there but they’re still friends so.
-” his words cut out as Steve hits the right spot and- “Steve I’m gunna cum, I-” Tony’s words drop as Steve moves his wrist just right and he reaches behind him, settling one hand on Steve’s hip and the other over the hand Steve has on his hip. “Fuck, Steve, I-” he stops talking as his pleasure becomes his priority and he moans, grinding himself down on Steve’s dick as he cums.
baby,” Steve tells him, bracing himself back over Tony. “You feel so good,” he murmurs into Tony’s neck.
“He can’t pay off someone who doesn’t need money,” Tony says. “Downsides of hanging out with a rich guy. He’s just lucky I didn’t mention the time he found one of our roommate’s Viagra in a mint tin and he ate like five, thought they were disgusting and were probably duds, and ended up in the hospital crying about painful erection. No hot nurses this time though.” They got stuck an old man that probably lost his soul at sea five hundred years before and resented every moment he had on land afterwards given how much of a dick he was, no pun intended.
Rhodey’s confusion doesn’t go away. “Wait, Pepper told me Howard abandoned you in Italy so how are you in Brooklyn? Or are you being a dick and trying to fool me because let me tell  you out of the two of us its not me that’s the fool,” he says.
Maggie sighed. "Dance, volunteer at the food bank, fight crime...play video games, spend time with NTW or my friends from school. Most of which I can't really do at the moment."
"You were bleeding for a long time. Really out of it too, wouldn't let anyone near you." Vanessa sighed. "So it's probably a good thing we called Stephen."
"Agreed. Probable intracranial hematoma... We're going to need imaging...and...shit. This is going to be a rough one."
"Are the explosions him or Stane?" Explosions? Peter didn't know why he thought there were explosions, he hadn't heard or seen any explosions. Yet...why did he feel like there were? Why did he think there was smoke in the air when their wasn't? His mind, apparently, still partially remembered the other timeline that Maggie had reset.
"Psh, Tony offered me twelve, one is chump change. Call me when you have a better offer." She winked. "Now go, you've got this."
"Woah." Peter said with wide eyes. She'd gotten so much better over the last year. "Work it, Reese." The building put itself together all the way. Peter applauded. Then launched himself from the building. He sensed it before it happened. Her body fell. He caught her and tumbled to the ground. He rolled, letting his own body take the impact with the ground. He was more durable than she was. "Reset?"
"That is something I can't tell you. But time is flexible. Which...explains a lot of the multiverse...trust me, I've been." He snorted and shook his head.
"I've had my hands inside Margaret's skull for four hours today." Saying it out loud made Strange feel sick.
"Hey, Captain Fine-Ass." Tony breezed into the room, patting the mentioned ass as he walked by. "Hello, Roo."
Wade's eyes softened. "Oh...sweetie... Why don't you go with Ness? She gives the best cuddles, you know?"
Stane traced the circular hole in the chestplate that Tony'd made. Stane had seen it, of course, when Tony'd first come home, the blue glow in his chest. Stane'd made the intuitive leap. The thing their suit was missing was the very thing Tony had implanted in his chest. The only problem was, Stane couldn't miniaturize the arc reactor, no matter how much time he spent or how many people he threw at the problem...he couldn't mimic Tony's work. But his suit was functional now. Though...to be fair, he did want the arc reactor. Taking it from Tony's chest wasn't an easy option. Tony kept his lab locked down. When he went out he was almost always with Steve Rogers or one of the other Avenging idiots.
Peter climbed the building quickly, feeling the man climb after him. Peter was faster. "I'm bringing company."
"Yeah, not falling for that. Mario's been trying to save that princess for decades. She'll always be another castle. I'm starting to think she's intentionally getting captured to avoid Mario. I'm just going to let it be."
Dr. Strange nodded. "Does make sense. Creating spells would mean experiments...you'd only find out afterwards what happened."
"We've all got each other. Speaking of, where's Papa?" Peter asked, finding leftovers in the fridge and reheating them.
"So, Mr. Intern, since you're supposed to be learning. How about you try to re-write this in your own way?"
Tony laughed and looked down at his watch. "Shit, Pep's gonna be pissed. We're supposed to meet her for wedding stuff."
Tony and Steve ushered him into the living room and they all sat down. "Okay. Start from the top, kid. What's happening?"
If you've never listened to Cabin Pressure, get on youtube and look up Le Bear Polar just so you can get the joke. It'll also help you laugh after all the dark and heavy in here. Cabin Pressure in general is just fabulous. Everyone is on their a-game there.
Also, I mentioned Sam as best man. Winter Soldier and Civil War don't exist in this universe, so let's just pretend they met on some other random Shield thing. Okay? Okay. I should be sleeping right now, can't you tell? My words have gone sideways.
"Yeah, sounds great." Steve said. "Want to cook together? We missed out on it Saturday, because of Mr. Bum Arm here. Want to learn something new today?"
Beck rubbed his face. All in all, not to bad for a test run. His research had paid off. He could wait just a little bit longer to make sure his last problem wasn't around. He knew, in theory, who Dr. Strange was. The only problem was that while Beck could make it look like reality was bending. Strange actually COULD. And by the looks of things he had a close relationship with the girl.
It was always weird, in a completely innocent way, feeling someone else's flesh for the first time. Everyone felt DIFFERENT. Maggie always noticed. She didn't think most people did though, maybe because most people had regular human contact. She didn't. It was rare, maybe she paid more attention because of it. Professor X had thin skin, strangely soft hands. Vanessa's hands were smooth like silk, had rings on them, and usually warmer than hers. Wade's hands were much warmer than hers and covered in dips and scars. Dr. Strange's too were covered in scars, knotted raised things that had many different textures. His hands were cold. Did it have to do with the injury? Had the accident changed that? Or were his hands just normally cold?
Maggie looked out her window, at all the red danger lights she could see. "I hate being cooped up inside. I can see so many problems...people who need help. And I can't do anything."
The monster was dead. Yet...something stood in her room. Something that...suspiciously vanished before Strange entered the room in response to her screams. In fact, he didn't want to hear the screaming again, but he watched anyway. It spoke to her, but the second she screamed, the monster vanished. Faded from existence like a ghost.
"You'd better try. And I've got a discerning eye, so don't bullshit me." His hands were shaking, but Vanessa didn't hold that against him, considering it wasn't a nervous indicator.
Dr. Strange rolled his eyes. "I'm a human, believe it or not." He strode down the stairs. "She's fine, Wong. But if her husband ever comes through that door, attack first ask questions later." He insisted.
From one camera to the next, she vanished. Tony frowned. "This was the coffee shop?" Tony said. It was closed, had been for a week for renovations. "There's nothing in the owner's record. Nat's going to investigate though." Tony rubbed his head.
"Oh, come on, you know you want it filmed. It's our kid's first performance. And this way, we can both live in the moment." Tony leaned in and kissed Steve's cheek as he put his phone away.
"Huh? Why didn't you just call him? Were you worried about waking him up? Anyway, yeah. Just one second, he's working-don't worry it's all holograms, no lifting, I told him I'd take his coffee if he tried anything too strenuous." Steve chuckled. "Here he is."
"It's okay. It's okay. Don't stress about it," Strange soothed. "Things may be a bit difficult at first. It happens. You're on a lot of meds at the moment."
"Strange, you can rest... I'll help her. You've got enough on your plate. I don't think I've seen you rest yet."
Maggie snorted, then shook her head. "Can't say I do. I won't either. That shit requires good grades and someone who doesn't space out." She sat back down in her chair. "It's more than just Stane pulling strings. If only I could get a face. Sometimes I really feel useless. What good's this danger sense if my brain can't focus long enough to pinpoint the source, even with a 1 up mushroom?"
"Peter's been on the news for his internship, dumbass. But I know you aren't smart enough to read headlines, so next time just look at the pictures." MJ said, shoving her own shoulder into Flash's as she walked by. "Hey, losers." She nodded to them before going down the rest of the stairs and holding her hand out to Gwen.
"He's cheating!" Peter protested. "And then he uses his broken bones as protection against my wrath!"
Maggie scrambled backward, falling off the bed. When she hit the floor pain snapped her closer to reality. She sucked in a deep breath and screamed.
"Don't hurt her, I'll do whatever you want, she doesn't need to be hurt." Peter insisted. She couldn't heal. If they hurt her... And whatever this guy's powers were, he could bring Peter's worst nightmares to life. What would he bring to life for Maggie? Peter didn't know her whole story...but he knew enough to be afraid of what her nightmares would do to her. "What do you get out of this? I don't even know you?"
"That's amazing." Peter grinned back. She really was a strong girl. Amazing. "I saw it! The whole thing turned green. I knew you were up to something."
"SHIELD has me saying it's a bodyguard that I outfitted. I'm going to run with it. Don't need more people coming down on our family." Tony nodded.
Strange was at the doorway to her room with a bag in his hand. "Not sure if these can be salvaged, but your clothes." He put the bag down inside her door, but didn't cross the boundary.
"Wilson really isn't a good influence." He sighed and she could tell he was smiling behind his mask. His gray-blue eyes were slightly squinted.
"It's okay." She laughed. "At least you don't step on my toes. Been through that before." She jolted back suddenly.
"Nah. I just don't want to be downstairs right now while they're...you know." He gestured to his ears.
"Wh-what? No. I'm not too tired. Psh." Tony said, kneading the dough with a little more energy. "Totally not a workout. I'm so not tired."
A watch started ticking. Peter could hear it. It STARTED ticking, as if it hadn't been before. Then...it was like the ticks were getting slower. Green light glowed off the girl's body. The gun fired and the girl moved fast. Peter shoved himself off the wall, and he felt like he was moving in slow motion. The baddies weren't moving hardly at all. The girl seemed to be moving fast. So fucking fast. Did she have super speed. But...if she did, why did Peter feel like everything was so slow. The others didn't even look like they knew something had changed. They didn't even seem to know that time had slowed to the beat of that slow tick.
"Sorry, is that on us? I know we keep distracting you with out little coding games." Quentin itched his head. "I'm sorry. We don't want to get you in trouble with Mr. Stark."
"Everyone is suddenly very interested in being my dance partner and my friend and my lab partner and...it feels so false. Like everyone's lying to me all the time." Peter shrugged. "It's a nightmare. It's almost like Beck. I never know what's real. I don't know if the person who helped pick up my bag on the train did it to be nice of if they just knew my face. It's really weird." He was putting in enough energy trying to get through school with all the fake and/or jealous people. Going to dance was just too much.
Wade turned to look at Beck. "So, quick question of the rhetorical variety, how many times did you hit my girl in the head?"
"Oof!" Peter hit the wall, hard. His head snapped back and hit the wall. The shield came loose from his arm and clattered to the ground. He saw stars for a moment. The lights were too bright and up and down blurred together. He couldn't stay there. He had to move. "Come on, spiderman." He shot a web upwards only because he had muscle memory to help him. His sight came back quickly, his head no longer in pain.
"Maybe once things cool down a little bit you can talk about it." Aaron said after a moment. "Everyone handles stress and pain differently. My youngest girl, stubborn as can be. She broke her arm on her bike. Next day she was back on the thing in her new cast. My boy broke his finger and demanded to be babied for a week, couldn't even bother to open the fridge on his own, he was absolutely ridiculous."
Tony laughed and got to work. He felt safer with Steve at his side. "You're going to have a hell of a time explaining this to your team."
Peter sighed in relief as the suit hit the ground, the power source ripped from it. He heard his dad speak. "This isn't yours, Stane. You aren't worthy of it."
Peter's eyebrows pulled together for just a moment. "Yeah, cool. How are you feeling today?" Peter strode forward the last step and grabbed the handle for the drawer, pausing. Something was wrong. His spidersense was going off. There was no danger though. His spidersense was just...humming. Nothing was wrong. Something just wasn't RIGHT. He shook himself and pulled the drawer open, searching for the parts he needed to fix his prototype and to advance it.
Vanessa's head tilted to the side. "I didn't get it. It's cool though, kinda funky. Suits you." She grinned.
Peter sighed and closed his eyes. How long had reality been warped around him? Had it started with the Not-Tony in the lab all that time ago...or had it been longer? He hated not knowing. And, whoever had been doing this had gotten better. They'd mimicked his dad's heartbeat, which they hadn't done before. How had they figured it out? Peter frowned. He felt to exhausted to try to figure it out. He just wanted to take a moment to rest.
He crawled. As soon as he could, he was getting those things off. Then he'd go to the church and try to get ahold of his Dad and Papa.
"Mmhm. Bad guy...mus' be smar'. They...so real." She tried to explain it. Were her brains completely scrambled or something? Was it the medicine or the injury that was making her feel so off? She hoped Strange wasn't just trying to comfort her. She wanted to help though. Even though Peter got away, the bad guys were still out there. Still able to hurt people. Make more monsters.
"Well, he can try again. Didn't work last time. Won't work this time. He's got more power, but I'm ready. I'm waiting. He won't blindside me again."
"Then it's lucky you came back, and that the Ancient One mentioned your name to me." Stephen nodded. He stood up and paced the space. "You need to find the balance between things. You can't let your powers consume you. You need to control them. It isn't a trade-off, it's balance. You need to focus and find that point. To do that you need to understand your powers and their effects. You need balance."
"Plus, I blacklisted him from any and all Stark companies and every college that I could get ahold of. So when he starts applyin this year...that'll be fun."
"I'm peachy! Gonna watch out for that girl though. She ain't afraid to fight. Scrappy little one." Clint laughed. "Couple stitches and I'll be good."
She hid her head in her hands, her staff left on the ground. "At least I didn't pull my stitches." She laughed wetly.
Strange looked to the side at her small form in the bed. The pain he felt at seeing her hurt... Is this what a parent felt? He wasn't sure, he'd never been a parent, but he couldn't imagine feeling MORE terror and pain than what he'd just felt. She wasn't his mentee anymore...but could he claim her as his daughter? Not really, either. That...that would be her choice too. But he...he could easily see her as his own.
Tony could see a real tear on his son's cheek. But cheered for him silently as Peter pushed himself up and began a fumbled dance, as if off balance on his own. Peter stumbled and fell, but Peter couldn't be kept down. He got back up and still danced, unsteady.
"I can find her, give me a moment." Steve moved his hands, mimicking the spell he'd put on her necklace. His eyes opened wide. "I need images of the docks at these coordinates." He rattled off the numbers and, instantly, JARVIS gave Strange the images he needed. "Got it." He opened a portal and stepped through. Tony and Steve followed him.
"It hasn't happened. Just because you've seen it, doesn't make it real." Dr. Strange didn't try to contradict her. "Are you okay?"
I got stuck on this one. And I went to work on other things to try to sort of refresh (if you're a fan of Hannibal, I've written a few stories for that). But I've also started writing some of my own stuff for the first time and that's been really fun and distracting. Plus life is just crazy now.
Peter took in the knowledge. He knew what she meant. He'd worked with Reset a few times now. She was very open with him about her abilities. She could speed up and slow down time around people pretty much consistently. She could always sense danger. She could only jump backwards in time once a day. She said she could only jump back twelve minutes at max, she'd done it twice in one day, once, but had passed out in the effort. Doing so tired her, but not so much that she couldn't function. Flying drained her too. Not physically. But if she used too much of her powers at once, it would exhaust her to the point where she wouldn't be able to get away safely if things went south. He didn't want her to run that low on strength. If she was getting too tired to fly, that wasn't good. She did good, quietly explaining her vulnerability without letting the baddie know.
"But you already knew that, didn't you? You can't heal...can't withstand much. Itsy Bitsy knows that. And, frankly, he's a crafty little thing. Genius kid. Bright as all hell. I didn't want him to try to escape or end our fun prematurely. So... I'm going to make sure he knows his little friend is here. His poor little friend who can't heal or really even fight back against bigger, stronger people. Oh...that fun trick that you use to run away...the one where you turn back time? You've been locked in here for two hours...you can't go that far back, can you? Oooh, we were VERY careful to keep you unconscious for a good long while." He leaned forward. "You can't escape."
"I heard that." Steve huffed, running up to the balcony. "God, that must be what it feels like to be Sam. I'm gonna have to call you speedy."
"You tell me." Dr. Strange said. There was no judgement in his tone. "In that future, where your vision took you. What did you see?"
"Ironic since they're prescriptions and entirely intended to be on their person. Given to them by medical professionals."
"Her phone was in her back pocket when she left. I'll just track it and..." Wade's face fell. Was...that the same coffee shop that had closed for renovations? He hoped not. "It's in a coffee shop a couple blocks from the food bank. I'm gonna go find her."
"Kid, he just got here. You only had about ten minutes of class left when I found out so...I figured I'd just let you finish it up... Was it good?"
"You're thinking too much, that's all." Peter promised. "Here. I'll show you. Close your eyes and just do what you feel like you're supposed to do." Peter took the lead and Steve listened, closing his eyes. Peter led him and Steve followed without missing a beat. "See? Subtle. But you know exactly where we're going at all times, right?"
"It's okay. I get it, it's cool. And you're right." Peter nodded in agreement. There was a tall building four blocks over. He could actually run the roofs between that building and his destination pretty easily...and he'd avoid cameras and leave less webs behind. "That's smart of you."
"You are technically an intern to the outside world, mister." Happy said quietly. "Got to keep up appearances. Keep your badge on you."
Vanessa glared at him, then continued. "We understand her on that level. We both chose a less...upright path out of our dysfunction. But Maggie is a good kid, trying to deal with horrible things that were done to her. She was bound to have trust issues, even after therapy. She grew up knowing that where she should be safe could be violated and that people who should have protected her didn't. Her...trusting people is a big deal. It took her a while to believe that Wade and I would show up when she needed us. We want her to trust people, to have that support. The tighter she keeps her circle though, the harder it will be for her to move forward, to be less...paranoid."
"Hey, Itsy Bitsy." Maggie called back from her spot on the opposite roof. She almost didn't look recognizable. Her auburn hair was pulled up but not in its usual neat bun. Her curls were barely held back in a messy ponytail. Her mask was the same blue, but her normal blue coat had been traded for a green one.
"Lightning doesn't work on those suits. Last time we tried, Iron Man got super powerful and fried us all." Nat shook her head.
A video came on screen. A man in gold and red. A round bowl over his head, full of smoke, that shrouded his face. "Hello, Tony Stark. You once took something from me and my colleagues. So I decided to take something for you. I've enjoyed watching you suffer for the past five days. Watching you scramble and cry. It's been beautiful. So beautiful, I wanted to give you something back. A gift, if you will." The voice said, expressionless, but so cheerful-sounding. "As you know, your son's pitiful escape attempt wasn't enough. And...well, I found him first. I've very good at what I do, Stark. And I know you've been watching...and I realize, I can't let you watch anymore. So here's some sound."
A young woman took the stage. Auburn hair and gloves, and oddly a watch. Tony knew her vaguely as the young woman who'd stepped up to be Peter's partner when Lizzy hurt her leg. He was excited to see if she was as good a dancer as Peter bragged her up to be.
Maggie hid her face against Strange's chest and shook violently with a sob, maybe in pain, maybe in fear, either way it made Strange's heart seize.
All she seemed capable of was nodding, it seemed. She got up on her own and followed him on shaky legs to the door. Quickly, he found what he needed. When he turned to make a portal, he saw the cloak wrap around her and hold tight. It seemed to help her relax a little. He opened a portal and followed her through it. "Just one moment, okay?" He headed to find Wade and Vanessa's bedroom door to knock on it, but Maggie's hand snapped out, grabbing the hem of his baggy sleeping shirt.
Maggie sighed in relief as he walked away. He didn't act like it, of course, but she felt like an intruder. It wasn't a comfortable feeling. She got up and cleaned the dishes before she headed upstairs. If she were allowed to fly, she would. Walking the stairs took far too long for her liking. She'd always been athletic, it was hard to NOT be mobile.
Her danger sense skyrocketed. A sickening crack came from above. They were on the fifth floor...of a ten story apartment building. Shit, shit, shit. Maggie thought, rushing out of the apartment. She needed to get down the hall, to the window.
Peter screamed and try to back away. His hands were bound. He yanked on them, hard, but the cuffs didn't budge.
"Alright. So, you had some pretty heavy damage to this section of your head." He used his free hand to trace the side of his own head.
Ned laughed and put his phone down. "He's going to flop. Totally." He didn't envy his friend. This was a big day and if Peter had half the social anxiety of Ned...yikes. Ned sighed and kept his phone next to him, just in case Peter needed him.
He could go find a hidden place and take them off for a few minutes. That helped. Then he'd be able to rub the actual part that hurt. "Thanks, bro. I'm okay though." He promised. He couldn't risk it. The world already knew the Stark-Roger's adopted son was named 'Peter' and if Peter got caught with his prosthetics off or even his prosthetics on show...there went the whole charade. And he wasn't ready for that.
"I just want this over. I want my family safe. I want my life back. I felt like I haven't fully had control since Afghanistan. The thing is...I'm more in control than ever, of me. And I have so many more people that make life worthwhile in a way it never did before. Now he wants to take that too. He can't have it. He can't have what's mine."
Steve shakes his head at him as Bucky’s fingers catch his jaw, turning his head back towards him as he kisses Tony again. Tony grins into it because
with her exactly, he’s just pretty sure she hates him. By the time he’s done pondering his potential sleeping arrangements, probably procrastinating drawing that fucking banana, Tony has stopped tossing and turning. He looks over, figuring he’d find Tony asleep but he’s not.
The look of relief on Bucky’s face tells him that’s what Bucky wants to hear. “Yeah, I mean it was his idea,” Bucky says, rationalizing. In his defense he’s not wrong, Steve actually
Tony laughs a little, moaning softly as Bucky hits the right spot. “Better than mine too,” Tony tells him and he’s not short on imagination.
Bucky bites his lip, still unsure but he’s looking at Tony now with something that’s a little more than temptation on his face. “Pretty mad,” Bucky says.
“God you’re so good like this,” Bucky tells him, “always feel fucking amazing wrapped around me. Lean back a little,
He doesn’t expect Steve to reach out to his hips, gripping them tight and changing the pace immediately, moving Tony’s hips the way he wants them to move and oh holy
Yeah, Tony knows. Bucky still looks confused though so he fills him in. “Stark Industries, weapons designer. Pretty involved in all things military. I’ve been around explosives for longer than I can remember and I’ve always been good at making them. Like I said, its not hard to do if you know what you’re doing. And the Christmas decorations were glass balls, shrapnel is useful to deal with people who aren’t in the immediate blast radius.”
, yes, Bucky,” he moans, burying his face in Bucky’s chest. He and Steve work him open some more, moving together in a quick, seemingly practiced way though Tony knows that’s probably less planning an experience and more knowing each other freakishly well. “Yeah, Bucky. Like that, just like-
Its not like this is the first time this has ever happened to Tony but it does happen to be the first time he’s been snatched for mob purposes and from people who actually give a shit about him. Howard? He mostly only cared that someone would be around to take over the company but Steve and Bucky genuinely care about him so this is bound to be interesting.
that, pay attention,” Tony tells him, nuzzling at his jaw. “Wanna feel you stretch me out, hear you when you cum,” Tony murmurs.
“Be good for me,” Steve murmurs as he presses the toy to Tony’s hole. “Take it for me,” he says. Tony lets out a small, soft moan as Steve presses the toy into him slowly, taking his time. “That’s it,” Steve murmurs, “just like that.”
you feel good.” He reaches back, intent on finding some body part of Bucky’s to hang onto when Bucky grabs his wrist, pinning it over his head as he falls forward, putting his weight into pinning Tony’s hand. Bucky presses his head to Tony’s shoulder blade, breath coming a little faster against Tony’s skin.
For a long moment Steve just stares, taking in Tony’s artfully arranged body, laid out by Steve’s own imagination, and sharp grin. When it becomes apparent Steve isn’t going to move Tony shifts a little, prepared to go to him, but he holds up his hand. “Don’t move,” he says in a low, almost husky tone. “I want to take this in,” he murmurs. Tony settles back into position, happy to play along with this game at least for now.
Steve laughs a little, “keep riding my dick like this and you just might be,” he tells Tony. “You feel fuckin good,” Steve tells him, “
“If you saw yourself in that skirt you’d be impatient too,” Steve tells him, damn accent of his making a reappearance.
, fuck that’s good,” he murmurs, hand finding its way back to Tony’s hip and gripping it tight. He guides Tony’s movements, starting out slow before he picks up the pace.
“Low iron, bruises easily. And god help me if I don’t wear sunscreen. If you think cherry tomatoes are red you haven’t seen shit.” He made that mistake exactly
Bucky releases his hands and Steve steps back just as Bucky spins him around to Tony’s facing him. Steve crowds back in as Tony reaches up and wraps his arms around Bucky’s neck. Steve’s hands skate up and down his sides in appreciation. “Told me once that he doesn’t normally get as wet as he does for us, isn’t that right?” Steve murmurs almost in his ear.
Tony wouldn’t have even needed that if Steve gave him the time to respond. He crawls into Steve’s lap enthusiastically, positioning himself and Steve right before sinking down onto his dick. They both moan as he does. “Ride me,” Steve tells him, voice harsh in his ear. Tony shivers and starts to move slowly, drawing it out a little as he drapes his arms around Steve’s neck for balance. “Don’t fuckin tease me Tony, move faster,” Steve tells him and he lets out a soft noise of pleasure as he picks up the pace. Steve grabs his hips, moving him the way he wants and Tony lets him, adjusting the way he moves to the way Steve wants him to. “Fuck yeah, that’s it Tony. Fuck me good, just like that,” he says. “You’re so good like this,” he murmurs, “feel fucking amazing on my dick.”
Bucky considers it for a moment. “On a scale of one to ten how well do you think this will work?” he asks.
brought this up. You shat the bed, you lie in it. Two, I’m trying to sleep right now and if you two don’t get that god damn racket your making out of my face by the time I’m done talking you won’t
“Can I ask you kind of a weird question? You don’t need to answer it if you don’t want, god knows I get dumb questions about being black all the time and-” he probably would have continued but Tony knows pretty much exactly where its going and he also knows Sam isn’t a douche bag.
He examines his nails for a moment, painted a pristine black that he likes, “maybe I’ll tease you a little more. I kind of like seeing you like this,” he says and the noise Steve makes is
bold. “That, and Steve accidentally ate gluten and stunk me out of the apartment for almost three days so its probably best that you’re in London,” he adds, obviously to Steve’s chagrin.
“Still wanna ride you so you best have enough self control that I can,” Tony tells him and Steve whimpers.
Shit, that in itself almost earns him a moan. Steve shakes his head a little and returns his attentions back to Tony. “You gunna stare all day or do something?” Tony asks, head tilted to the side.
“No on account of we’re camping and I thought this looked fine with these,” he says, gesturing to the black ankle length boots on his feet. They’re flat, which is why he chose them, and still wholly inappropriate for camping but they’re the closest he has to appropriate shoes for this kind of thing.
Steve and Bucky look at each other for a moment, unseen communication happening, before they look back to Tony. “Well Steve had an idea,” he says, inexplicably ending his sentence there and Tony frowns.
were the one who didn’t redefine our relationship and Bucky might know you freakishly well but he’s not a mind reader so stop being an asshole and apologize.” He can’t believe he has to have this discussion when he sounds like a wheezing penguin. Fucking Steve.
Sam sighs, considering for a moment before he must decide to go ahead with it. “Most people kind of define their sexuality through the scope of their gender, but I know you uh-” he stops, frowning as he finds a good way to explain his thoughts.
“No, its Bucky’s,” he says. “Don’t look at me like that obviously it’s yours you twit. Would kinda ruin the image if it wasn’t,” he points out.
me Tony,” Steve says. Steve’s pace gets faster as his hips shift to meet Tony’s and he grins, wondering how fast he can get Steve to cum.
Tony shrugs delicately, “maybe,” he says like this is something he’d come up with on his own. It is, actually, except sans the white because he hates white. He’d be in the rich burgundy of the shoes he’s wearing if he had his choice. The color looks nice on him, hence why he chose it for the shoes. But, in this case, it’s not his imagination run wild that’s led to this; it’s Steve’s.
Yeah, Tony’s never had a hard time reading people at least in bed and Bucky made a point the first time they’d slept with Steve that he’s not shy. He isn’t, but he’s not really forthcoming either, which leaves a little guesswork that his drawings helped out with. Not that Steve knows he snooped through them but he drew out a few fantasies once, right? Makes sense he’d find all the things to fill in the blanks there.
“Don’t get myself involved in situations I’m not enthusiastic about,” Tony tells him and Bucky laughs.
of Sam reaching across the frame, and its only his disembodied hand that appears in Tony’s line of sight, and smacking Rhodey up side the head. “Don’t be judgmental,” Sam tells him. “He’s slept with less people than you,” he points out.
damn Tony, do that again,” he tells him. Tony shifts his hips a little and Steve’s fingers tighten on his hips. Bucky’s have found their way to his thighs and he grips tighter too. Tony smiles, carefully shifting his hips in small, soft motions that leave Bucky and Steve panting. “Little faster Tony, give us some more of that,” Steve murmurs in his ear. He moves Tony’s hips himself, telling him without words what he wants.
His comment gets Rhodey back on track though because he frowns. “Hey yeah, how’d you get there and who the hell is Steve?”
Bucky stares up at him for a long moment before he shakes his head. “Fine, you two like strange shit. Leave me out of it,” he says.
Steve drags his ass off his bed and goes to the door, finding Bucky behind it looking pleased with himself. “Can you like, not drool on Tony its weird,” Steve tells him in place of a greeting.
Yeah, uh huh, he’s sure it is. He presses himself back into their hands, trying to push them as deep as they can go and he lets out a noise of frustration when its not enough. “Want you,” he tells them, “
supposed to run the stupid company so sometimes he gets stuck doing company things. Everyone hates him on account of being young, loud, and an omega but they’re all forced to admit that his ideas are good because out of the dozens that he’s presented only like five have failed. Granted plenty of people like to use that against him too but he keeps graphs of everyone’s successes and failures to point out he’s much better than them so they should maybe shut it with the criticisms. No one likes that much but whatever, not his problem.
He opens the button, pulling down the zipper slowly. Steve doesn’t mind, watching as he does it thoughtfully. Tony decides he doesn’t need further instructions either and goes right ahead, pulling Steve out of his boxers and stroking him. “Eager,” Steve tells him, shaking his head. Tony just grins because yeah, he is. “Get on my cock,” Steve tells him, prodding him forward.
Steve’s attempting to get his stupid sill life assignment done when Tony rolls in looking a little worse for wear. “You okay?” he asks, looking up at Tony over his sketch pad.
“I like to be reminded of your appreciation with actions,” Tony tells him primly. “And also I have a short attention span.” Actually, he mostly likes teasing Steve but he can’t tell him that because its part of the teasing.
“Might have kind of a thing for it, yeah,” Bucky murmurs. His grip remains tight on Tony’s hips for a moment before he releases him. “On the bed, clothes off,” he tells Tony. He listens to Bucky, stripping off his clothing and tossing it in Bucky’s direction as he goes. “Pest,” Bucky accuses, tossing Tony’s shirt aside while he shakes his head.
But then they lean in and Tony’s face is practically on the screen now he’s so close and they do it. They kiss and Tony is having a hard time remembering to breath right now because he’s probably imagined this like five billion times. They pull apart for a brief moment, Bucky giving the computer a glance and grinning when he must mostly only see Tony’s eyes given that he’s all but attached the screen in front of him but Steve,
“Well, probably helps that my nose is half shot so I’m probably not smelling the half of it anyway.” Usually that’s more annoying than not. He misses his sense of smell, went with some illness as a child and he can’t remember which because he was sick so often. Now he can only kind of smell food cooking and he misses that the most. But some smells are stronger than others and yes, he can smell Tony fine. Even if it’s probably not as strong as his actual scent.
He pulls Bucky closer and he slowly crawls his way over, giving Steve a suspicious look before he gets to Tony and lays down, head in his lap. Tony lets out a small huff and relaxes, leaning into Steve as he settles a hand on Bucky’s chest. Bucky weaves his fingers through Tony’s and smiles up at him a little and that’s adorable.
Though at the moment he’s got bigger things to worry about because he happens to know that Steve’s managed to drag Bucky home and Tony figures he should make a good first impression. The knob twists all the way and Steve slips in, offering him a small, sheepish smile as he does so. Behind him Tony figures is Bucky and yeah alright, Steve’s hot but his best friend is hotter and Tony may have just agreed to the deal of a lifetime he
They’re tangled together in the sheets, Tony tucked into Steve’s chest. “Didn’t know you had a thing for being used,” Steve murmurs, fingers trailing up and down his spine.
“You have a thing for that?” he asks even though Bucky’s tightened grip on his hips and the soft groan he lets out gives him his answer.
They sit like that for a long moment before Tony speaks. “Quick question, why the hell is there slick on the bottom of my
He nods, “you know I love having you two like this,” he tells him. “Always feels amazing,” he murmurs.
fast,” Tony points out. He releases one of Bucky’s belt loops to curl an arm around Bucky’s neck. “And I
“Yeah you do,” he murmurs. “Come here,” he tells Tony, beaconing him closer. He crawls up, sitting pretty in front of Steve. By now his shirt is a mess, half hanging off his shoulders, and his hair has to be a disaster but that doesn’t seem to matter to Steve. “Undo my jeans,” Steve tells him and yeah okay, this is something he can do.
“You don’t look worried,” the tall guy with the dark hair says. Ward or Rumlow, he isn’t sure which Bland Villain White Guy is which and he doesn’t really give a fuck.
He does, in fact, know how hot it is and he said it on purpose because he likes Steve like this, half wild and chasing his own pleasure. “Yeah,” Tony murmurs, tilting his head to the side. Steve takes the bait, nosing at Tony’s neck immediately as Tony runs his hands up Steve’s back. “You wanna do it?” Tony asks and Steve moans into his neck, teeth nipping at the skin there.
“I already altered it to fit me so yeah,” he says. Someone had to get rid of those stupid built in underwear.
?” he asks. He nods because that’s all he’s got at the moment. “Good. Because you’re fucking obtuse and I don’t like that about you. Everything else is great though,” Tony murmurs, leaning in and Steve can smell a whole hell of a lot more with Tony this close and yeah, he’d been right about not smelling the half of it. “So,” Tony murmurs, voice low, “anything wrong with your dick?” he asks.
While he focuses on that Tony tosses and turns on his bed, trying to get confortable or something and his smell is getting stronger not that Steve says anything about it. Poor bastard looks right pissed and Steve can’t say he blames him. He’d be pissed off too, if he didn’t have the
the water, despite being pretty hot, get cooler and he sighs, turning off the damn tap so he can drag his ass back to his bed preferably.
Bucky drops one of his hands from Tony’s pinned wrists to his hip, “I can’t believe you flew across an ocean over a kiss,” he tells Tony.
Steve thinks he might need a new roommate because this is so not going to work out if he keeps acting like a dolt. “Pretty sure Bucky has plans so I guess he’ll appear when he wants to harass me,” he says and Tony laughs.
He wrinkles his nose as Bucky starts yelling about being worried. “M’not dead,” he mumbles and then hangs up, dropping Steve’s phone on the floor and pressing his face back into his chest.
“Needy,” Steve accuses like he doesn’t like that about him. But he does at least comply with Tony as his fingers trace along the now loose beltline of his pants briefly before he reaches down, brushing his fingers against Tony’s hole and he lets out a small gasp as Steve moans a little.
Tony wrinkles his nose because he doesn’t much do rejection well and Rhodey knows this. Part of why he’s such a perfectionist. He rubs his temples, ignoring the slight headache he feels coming on and yeah, he’s been feeling off for the last couple days but it
“First of all that’s not true, second of all that is not advice Rhodey.” He’s fine with words and he’s better at showing interest, its not like he’s subtle.
, Tony,” he says, grip on Tony’s hip tight enough to bruise. Tony kind of hopes it does and that’s new too but whatever. He’ll deal with that later.
“Couple times. So much better that way,” he says, arching into Steve as he runs a hand down Tony’s side, settling it on his hip.
They lapse back into silence for a long few moments. “Can I ask a question?” Tony asks and Sam sighs, looking like he regrets this already.
! Don’t you look at me like that; you were the one who decided to give me the option you can suffer with the consequences of your actions. Stop that, get that damn look off your face I can care about multiple people at once, I do it all the time. Just because Rhodey is my soul mate doesn’t mean I don’t love you too, my love isn’t a finite resource, it’s a chemical reaction in the brain that can be repeated with many different people over a lifetime. So stop looking all
They remain silent for a few moments before Bucky speaks again. “Look on your face when he did it was pretty hot though,” he admits softly.
There’s a billion other variables of course, and Tony could be wrong on all accounts but that doesn’t really matter when he’s stored with a bunch of tech. All he needs to do is get access to it and he’s smart, way smarter than any of his captors, so he’ll be fine.
, Buck. Wanted to fuck you for months, show me how it feels,” he tells Bucky, trying mostly unsuccessfully to press back into him.
Tony catches him before he gets too far. “Knot me,” he tells Steve. “Please,” he adds when Steve doesn’t move for a moment.
Tony grins, “wouldn’t you like to know,” he says. He stole it; actually, not that it was hard. But Steve mentioned he had a thing for cheerleading uniforms and Tony’s always aimed to please. Also, Steve’s school’s color scheme isn’t shit so why not? He can deal with red, black, and white and the uniform looks adorable on him to boot. Works well with his eyeliner and couldn’t-give-a-fuck attitude.
“Room. Now,” Steve tells him, giving his ass another swat. Tony shakes his head, looking at Steve as he shakes his ass a little. It results in another swat, “get going,” Steve tells him.
yes,” Steve tells him. “You’re always in skirts anyway, not that hard to imagine you in what I like.” Tony grins and shifts, rolling them both over- a bit difficult in the limited tent space but he manages just fine. He pins Steve’s hand over his head and settles in his lap, straddling him. Steve squirms a little; lips parted some as he looks Tony over. He leans in and kisses Steve, smiling as Steve leans into it enthusiastically, his free hand tangling in Tony’s hair to pull at it a little before it roams down his back and over his ass.
Steve, because he’s intent on being an asshole today, continues to play dumb. “Still don’t know what you’re talking about,” he mumbles, not even looking at Tony and he’s got no patience for this.
guns. Stark might be the best as far as weapons go but even the damn Model 1873 from the Civil War would be better than the shit he’d been handed. At least those
Steve leans over him as he fucks him with the toy, carefully balancing himself on his forearm braced above Tony’s head. “You look good like this, all flushed,” he says, Brooklyn accent thicker than normal.
Steve snorts, shaking his head with a small smile on his face. “That’s-” his words die in his mouth as he looks up and notices what Tony’s wearing, “hot,” he finishes and Rhodey frowns, clearly confused.
Steve licks his lips, looking him over and Tony props himself into a sitting position on his knees. “You don’t happen to have heels, do you?” he asks and oh, come
why he didn’t say anything? Yeah, that wouldn’t be a problem. Tony only does what he wants when he wants anyway and he’s always been like that.
Tony snorts and starts laughing, “what, do you think I’m going to ask an asshole question as payback? No, I was actually wondering if Bucky was walk of shaming out of
, that’s it Tony,” Bucky murmurs. Steve is clearly pleased with his choice too because he moans into the space between Tony’s shoulder blades. Steve lets out another couple huffs of breath before he pulls Tony back some more, disrupting Tony’s rhythm to set his own, shifting into Tony as he moves his hips the way he wants. Bucky moans, breath hitching as Steve moves Tony’s hips just the right way. “Oh,
Steve moves faster, placing a hand on Tony’s hip, grip tight. “You have no idea how hot that is, telling me to mark you like that,” Steve tells him.
Bucky snorts and starts laughing but Steve looks offended. “Come on, he’s not wrong. You were the moron who thought jumping out of a plane with no parachute was a good idea and I had to rescue your idiot ass,” he says, referencing an event that sounds like it would give Tony a heart attack. Possibly literally. Actually, kind of sounds like something he would do and then give
“This better be good,” he mumbles as he falls into Steve’s chest, wrapping his arms around him and mostly attempting to sleep standing up. “Bucky has called me thirty eight times. Jesus Christ, something probably happened,” Steve mumbles. Tony is sure Bucky’s just annoyed at being left at the airport so he says nothing as Steve calls him. “Oh Jesus, Bucky calm the hell down,” he says when Bucky answers the phone yelling. Tony can’t hear what he’s saying but also he’s not listening. “Breathe damnit, and explain why you’re screaming,” Steve tells him.
“Please, leave him anywhere for five minutes and he’ll have some weird ass tale to tell. Except you, you’re not weird, just surprising,” Steve tells him, wrapping an arm around his waist.
“I know it is baby,” Steve tells him, nosing at his neck. Tony tilts his head to the side, giving Steve access and moaning when his teeth graze the skin of his neck. “
“Come on then,” he says, holding his hand back for Steve to take. When he does Tony pulls him from the room, moving down the hall to the left. They get about half way there when Steve pulls him back and releases his hand in favor of grabbing his hips.
Bucky looks back at Steve’s phone. “Did… did you catch the first flight back from London?” he asks. Even Steve looks surprised at that.
Steve lets out an annoyed huff. “I get why you did it, but Bucky knows better. I can’t blame you for a miscommunication,” he says and Tony rolls his eyes.
He sighs. “Buck. Its one time for Tony and besides that would you rather him come home tired or sexually frustrated?” he asks, appealing to Bucky’s caveman brain.
Tony huffs out a breath, “move baby, wanna feel you,” he tells Bucky, nosing at his neck. Bucky obliges, picking up the speed and Tony moans, clinging to Bucky.
“Yeah?” Steve asks, hand sliding from his hip over his stomach. Tony nods, toes curling and he can feel how close he is but he doesn’t wanna- not yet, not until- his brain shorts out on him, not much able to comprehend basic thought with Steve and Bucky fucking him like that. Steve’s hand slides up further, ghosting across his collarbone until his finger tips hit the base of Tony’s throat.
He detangles one had from the sheets and curls his fingers into Steve’s hair, gripping it and changing the way he’s positioned just a bit. Steve groans softly and Tony bites his lip and throws his head back. Fuck Steve’s good at this, exceptionally so. “
“I can take care of this,” he tells Steve, palming Steve through his jeans, “if you let me.” He spares a look back up at Steve, who’s already looking at him.
, feeling of you two inside me. Yeah, that’s good. You can move, s’okay,” Tony tells Steve. “Always take care of me,” he murmurs as Steve shoos Bucky’s hands from his hips so he can control Tony’s movements.
Good answer. Tony crawls out of Steve’s lap, appreciating Steve’s eyes on him as he goes, and stands. Steve picks himself up, spares the wall one more glance, and then turns to Tony. “I don’t know where I’m going and clearly you mapped out where everything is,” he says. “Lead the way.”
Sam wrinkles his nose, “no, we hate each other. I don’t know what this is but its best described as frenemies with benefits.”
Steve gives him a dirty look for outing him like that but Bucky doesn’t care. Tony will do what he’s doing now, giving Steve an ‘are you fucking kidding me’ look, and clear the air anyway. “Have I not made myself
Even handcuffs put him off because, as he once told Tony, ‘I’m not a criminal, Tones, why would I want to be cuffed?’ No imagination with that one as much as he loves Rhodey. Then he ended up with Bucky anyway so it didn’t matter, and by the time Bucky’s more conventional tastes came to light he had Steve so its fine. Would have been even without Steve, honestly. Tony loves
Tony rolls his eyes, “please, you’ve been friends your whole lives. He’s not going to be so mad that your friendship is genuinely in danger.” He’s seen them together, whatever kind of relationship they have it’s not the kind that’s easily shaken. You don’t know someone that well, become
Steve’s hand slips down his leg, toying with the edge of the skirt he’s wearing, “can’t wait to see this pushed up around your hips when I fuck you,” Steve tells him.
“Well I’ve waited this long, you can wait two more damn seconds,” Bucky tells him. Tony hears a drawer open and Bucky fumble around in it for a moment before it shuts.
“Fucking little prick,” the guy snarls, grabbing hold of Tony’s throat and squeezing. It’s a weird first reaction, he knows, to start laughing however strangled it comes out, but he’s long ago figured out that strange reactions get people to back off because they don’t know what to make of them. Either that or he’s about to get punched again, he’ll wait and see.
this. “Well, Howard ditched me in Italy, something about teaching me a lesson, fucking prick. I was fully prepared to badger my senile grandfather for money to get home because he loves me more than Howard but then I happened to stop Steve in a car and thought ‘huh, he’s hot.’ Anyway, figured I’d take him home to his place, which turned out to be a hotel and honestly I was fully prepared to just stay the night and leave the homeless problem to tomorrow’s Tony but he kept me around for the week so I didn’t actually have to solve that problem. Then I convinced him to bring me home, easy peasy.”
Again, he wonders if this is what its like dealing with himself. If so Rhodey is a goddamn hero and Pepper deserves a metal because if he is this emotionally obtuse all the time he would have thrown himself out a window.
Steve nods and kisses him, “oh you have no idea,” he almost growls into Tony’s mouth. He moans, curling a leg up Steve’s side to try and draw him closer. Steve shivers, kisses dipping back down to Tony’s neck as Tony noses at Steve’s jaw.
brought up Bucky too so you should apologize to him for not considering that feelings can happen and not planning for it either. Honestly,” he mumbles, shaking his head.
, do that again,” he tells Steve as he curls his fingers a bit. Bucky’s teeth graze his neck and Tony shivers, clinging desperately to his shoulders. “
, shit Steve-” his words cut out as he opts for a more wordless appreciation of their efforts. He moans, toes curling a little as Steve finds the right spot, still holding Tony’s hip so he can’t grind back like he wants to because Steve’s awful in the best of ways.
“They belonged there,” he says forcefully. “And speaking of how do you two feel about threesomes?” he asks because Tony, as always, is
“It was on the list of eventful things this week,” he says like that’s an excuse to embarrass the hell out of poor Steve.
“Yeah, we’ll get to me,” Steve tells him, damn Brooklyn accent making a pretty strong come back like it always does when he’s turned on. Bucky does it too. “Let me take you in first,” he murmurs, tugging Tony closer to him. He goes willingly, swinging a leg over Steve’s hip so he’s straddling him. Steve runs his hands up Tony’s legs, over his ass, and up his back. “You’re not wearing anything under this,” he states more than asks but Tony nods anyway. Steve shakes his head, “every time I think I’ve got the perfect fantasy you make it better for me,” he says in a low tone and Tony bites his lip to keep his moan in. Steve catches it anyway, “hey, none of that, tell me what’s got you worked up, hm?” he asks. He pets up and down Tony’s sides and he sighs.
Yeah, no denying that. “In my defense if my memory serves me right, and it always does, you’re always right there with me so who’s the dumb friend really?” he asks, grinning.
Behind him Bucky swears softly, free hand ghosting over Tony’s hip momentarily before it disappears. He feels Bucky tease him, gently prodding at his hole and Tony moans. “Come
“Come on baby,” Tony tells him. “So close. Cum for me, wanna feel it,” he murmurs and pulls Bucky’s hair again,
“Guess so. Tell him to avoid drooling when he comes by,” Tony adds and he smiles a little but Steve can see the strain there.
“Yeah, ditched my morning classes. Rhodey’s in town,” he says and right, Steve’s heard a lot about Rhodey but at this point he thinks the guy might be a myth. He’s never around though apparently he’s in the military so that should explain that. Steve sometimes wonders if Rhodey is an extended lie Tony made up to get people to back off him. Its not really often that Tony uses Rhodey as a fake boyfriend but from what Steve has gathered they aren’t actually together. Assuming Rhodey exists.
doesn’t seem to be common fucking sense. And he knows this because Bucky has done it and honestly, Steve doesn’t get that. If some weirdo sniffed him he’d be freaked out about it but its fine if its omegas? God damn savages.
“Too long,” Steve agrees. Yeah, Tony had exams the month before Steve- university schedule- and then Steve had his exams so they’ve mostly met up for short periods of time before one or the other had to study for something.
Bucky’s arms curl around him, one hand slipping under his shirt and caressing his hip bone. “What do you want, baby?” Bucky murmurs in his ear and that has no right to be that attractive.
“Mhm,” Steve murmurs, “what is it that you want, exactly?” he asks as he curls his fingers and Tony’s brain short circuits for a moment.
“No, I’m pretty serious, I’m tired of his bullshit. I’ll be back,” Steve says, grouchy in a way Tony has learned it entirely owed to Steve not wanting to leave his side. He leaves pissy not that that’s entirely unusual when he’s pulled away from Tony.
“Wait no, finish the story!” Sam yells, cackling as he battles it out with Rhodey for the tablet he’s on. Rhodey must win because the call drops. Tony shakes his head and abandons his phone on the floor and turns to face Steve. He’s got some paint on himself, but even with that he looks surprisingly attractive. Or maybe he looks attractive because of that. Whatever, Tony doesn’t discriminate.
Bucky leans forward and kisses him softly, “how ‘bout we test that theory, hmm?” he murmurs against Tony’s lips. He already knows what they’re going to find but he nods anyway, pressing into Steve some when his hands settle on his hips.
Given the look on Steve’s face he’s it’s a thought of the past anyway. “That shirt mine?” he asks and Tony barely resists the urge to roll his eyes.
Yeah, they’ve lived together for almost eight months and Tony has yet to let his guard down fully and its not an alpha thing either, Tony just has a lot of trust issues. “Happy to have proven that I have basic critical thinking skills,” he says. “And I’ll tell Bucky to keep his salivation outside. Not sure if it’ll work, Bucky’s a dumb bitch but you can always throw him out the window.”
how much you want me. What’s the point in tormenting yourself with temptation when you don’t need to?” Tony says, head tilted to the side.
“Outfit, not Archibald. Gotta go, honey bee. Call you later,” Tony tells him, blowing him a kiss before he ends the video call.
Tony nods at nothing in particular, shifting his hips so they get a better angle and yeah, that’s it, that’s what he’s looking for. “Look at that,” Steve murmurs, “look at you fucking yourself on our fingers. So fuckin hot.”
“I agreed to date his friend too,” Tony throws out jus to make sure Rhodey wins this competition because so far he’s the reigning champ of dumb white friends and he’s not about to break that streak for him or Rhodey.
For a long moment Rhodey just stares. “You became a prostitute. You weren’t even homeless for a full ass day and you become a
Steve shakes his head, standing back for a moment and grabbing one of Tony’s ankles, uncrossing it from where it was resting against his other foot as he pulls Tony’s leg to the other side of his hip. He looks good there, between Tony’s legs. Steve clearly likes the image too, and it must be a pretty one, debauched omega wearing his shirt looking just a little rumpled in stockings and heels and all.
When Sam sees him he looks surprised probably on account of Tony being a known night person. Its not as if Sam’s never heard him complain about morning classes so he figures he’s earned the right to look surprised. “You look annoyed,” Sam says and Tony wrinkles his nose.
thinks he’s irresistible per se, its that the sheer amount of people trying to get in his pants tells him that most of the time people find him attractive. Including Rhodey and he’s mostly immune to every other charm Tony has. “I’m just saying, most people think I’m attractive so I don’t get what Steve’s deal is,” he says, shrugging.
He doesn’t though, he turns back around and comes closer if a little more slowly than necessary. Tony figures fuck it, what’s the worst that can happen with this? Steve was the one that brought up Bucky to begin with and yeah he’s a little territorial but he made his bed, he can deal with what happens when he shits in it too. So he walks over to Bucky, hooking his fingers into his belt loops and pulling him close. Bucky looks away, resembling a child with their hand caught in the cookie jar.
his thoughts on that. “Do it,” he tells Steve, “Choke me.” Steve crowds in closer, hand flexing a little against Tony’s throat as he fucks into Tony faster. “Steve,” Tony whines, hand still over Steve’s. “
I’ve wanted this for months,” he says as he presses into Tony. He arches his back, one hand tangling into Steve’s hair and the other finding its way to Steve’s ass and grabbing it, pressing Steve further into him. Steve moans, “
“S’not my fault that’s where it landed,” he says innocently. “Hold onto that a minute, hmm?” He leans in and kisses Steve softly, catching his wrist when he reaches out to him. “No cheating,” he murmurs against Steve’s lips, “and back up a little,” he adds. Steve shimmies back a little as Tony turns around, making the best of the domed space as he carefully arranges himself with his ass in the air. If not for Steve sucking in a breath he’d feel kind of ridiculous in this position but this is for Steve’s benefit anyway.
“Oh don’t give me that, obviously I’ve been to Brooklyn just not for an… extended period of time. Its nice though,” he says though he’s biased. Obviously Steve’s not dragging him around to shady areas though he’s sure Steve frequents them often, part of the job probably.
“You are always a bag of surprises in the best of ways,” he murmurs. Tony lets out a soft laugh, shivering a little as Steve’s hand continues up his thigh to his ass. “Are allergic to underwear?” he asks.
The good news is that the beginning and the end have good comedy so you'll still have a good time even if the middle is like that 'he a little confused but he got the spirit' gif.
“One time,” Steve says. Bucky wrinkles his nose, obviously not on board with this and Steve rolls his eyes. “Tony does stuff for us all the time, it’s only polite to reciprocate.”
right. Shit could have been a horror movie prop. I thought that thing belonged to a zombie. To say it needed medical attention is an understatement, that shit needed amputation. Which Rhodey did
He doesn’t expect Steve to lean in and kiss him again, almost harshly, as his hands move down to Tony’s ass. “Holy shit,” he whispers as he moans into Tony’s mouth. “So fucking wet.”
It’s tempting with half the work taken out of it but there’s still the standing problem so he refuses to move. Steve sighs, “come on, Tony. Before you either fall asleep or jump me again.”
“I think you can do better than this, baby. I know you’re holding back,” Steve tells him. “Show me the best you’ve got.”
porn history is alphas fucking I’m going to assume the level of success we’ll get is high. Especially considering it appears he goes out of his way to find people who look like us.” He did his research and he’s offended Bucky doesn’t seem to think he would. Besides, its porn history. Its not like it was a hardship for him to go through.
much shorter than Steve still even with the heels, though it does make for a pretty image. “Stay,” Steve tells him again as he backs up, eyes on Tony the whole way to Bucky’s bed. Once he hits it he sits down, keeping his eyes on Tony for just a moment before he scrambles up the bed, looking behind him to see where he’s going before he turns back to Tony. “Come here,” he says and Tony grins.
Bucky snorts, “just because your being a dumbass doesn’t mean I need to suffer for it,” he says. Steve tries to smack him again but Tony gets to his hand first, forcibly pulling it closer to him and weaving their fingers together.
Well, at least he already knows Tony’s M.O. Not that he wants to do that either, he’s not a morning person. He’s not really an afternoon person either, he’s a whenever he feels awake enough to interact with people kind of person. “So? Deal with it,” Tony mumbles.
he’s got a thing for that. “You get more fun by the moment,” Bucky murmurs, leaning in and kissing him softly. Tony tries to press into the kiss more but Bucky pulls away, grinning down at him. He leans back in and kisses him briefly because apparently he’s intent on teasing. Payback, Tony is sure, for putting up with Tony tormenting him for so long. But when Bucky pulls away completely he lets out a disappointed noise that makes Bucky laugh. “Shush,” Bucky tells him, “and flip over.”
either, given that the edges of his vision are fading to black and he doesn’t really want to die in an ugly security room so he’s a bit mad about it.
he’s good looking so what’s Steve’s deal? Steve’s damn horn dog best friend asked him out before he did. And its not like he has no opportunities they
“Yeah. Also its like these idiots have never seen a dude in a skirt before. Do they not watch Ru Pual’s Drag Race? I thought literally everyone watched that,” he mumbles. Technically he doesn’t really cross dress so much as adopt a more androgynous look that he thinks better reflects his feelings on…
The comment earns him a soft laugh, “oh yeah, I’m gunna fuck you with it. Then you’re gunna beg for me to fuck you,” he says.
“Your enthusiasm has weird ways of presenting itself,” Steve tells him as he leans in and kisses him, fingers trailing up the inside of Tony’s thigh.
When he opens the door to the hotel room he’s in he’s surprised to find his grandfather on the other side of it looking worried. “Are you okay?” he asks and Tony rolls his eyes.
and he shakes his head, silently admitting that Steve was right about whatever it is Steve was right about. “Hel
He grins, making his way over to Bucky and wrapping his arms around his neck, drawing him in for a kiss. Bucky makes a surprised noise but goes with it, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him in. Tony’s pleased to report that he’s a good kisser too, rougher than Steve but Tony doesn’t mind that much. “Well shit,” Bucky says as he pulls away, “that’s a better ‘welcome home’ than I got from Steve.”
“S’not my fault,” Tony tells him. Not like he didn’t make his interest known but Bucky was being stubborn, apparently.
Rhodey winces because yeah, he knows and Tony’s standard for hot mess is pretty high. “I’m sorry man,” he says and Tony sighs.
Steve moans again and Tony shivers in response as Steve picks up his pace a little, giving Tony some more enthusiasm. Tony tries mostly unsuccessfully to hold back his moans as Steve traces down his thigh and between his cheeks, probing at his hole. “
Tony remains curled up next to Steve, who’s got an arm wrapped around him loosely. Bucky is laying with his head in Tony’s lap letting Tony pet his hair, which is now clean despite previous concerns. “So um. Next time you decide to whip out
“And you skill with hand to hand combat?” Bucky asks softly, appearing at the door looking surprisingly good considering Tony’s pretty sure that’s not
,” he says, hand on Tony’s hip squeezing almost hard enough to bruise as Tony presses his legs into Steve because he doesn’t want him to go anywhere.
Steve draws in a shaky breath and slowly presses two fingers in. Tony’s fingers tangle in the sheets, grip tight as he breathes in sharply. “You okay?” Steve asks and Tony nods.
“Tony, you’re going into heat,” he says bluntly, hoping that didn’t come across creepy. Its not like he went out of his way to sniff the guy like some alphas do, apparently, because
Steve presses a kiss to the top of his head, “yeah you are,” he murmurs. “And you’re smart, and funny, and generous, and compassionate,” Steve tells him, kissing his way down Tony’s neck.
Bucky’s hand slides down his back and over his ass, squeezing it a little and Tony moans, trying his best to press back into the contact, further onto Steve’s fingers. Doesn’t work too well with Steve still holding him and he’s considering a way to thwart that when Bucky reaches around Steve’s hand and presses another finger into his hole. “
. Steve sighs, cheeks turning a little red. “Okay, and maybe I want to make him a little jealous,” he adds, embarrassed.
has a contender for Dumb White Friends now. Hm, he’ll talk to Rhodey about it later. “You don’t get to act pissed off at Bucky over something
“Yeah, if you think you’ve been clear you’ve probably actively told him you’re not interested. You suck with words,” Rhodey tells him and oh fuck off, he does not.
Rhodey lets out a long sigh. “Why do I feel like I still haven’t gotten the whole story?” he asks, already looking exhausted.
Steve runs a hand up his thigh and Tony shivers, sensitive to the touch even through his clothes. Steve pulls away a little and Tony lets out a small noise of distress that makes Steve laugh a little. “Shh,” he murmurs, pressing his forehead to Tony’s. “I just want to make sure you’re fine with this, not that you’ve got like… I don’t know, heat brain or something,” he says and Tony snorts.
He’s in that ridiculous party phase collage kids seem to go through and Steve has no idea how that has any appeal or maybe he just hates everyone Bucky gets drunk with, he’s not sure. Either way he’d rather show up at Nat’s but then he’s got to deal with Gamora and there’s nothing
a benefit, is calls home to Steve and Bucky. Usually Bucky’s got some new weird story, occasionally Steve has a cause or ten he’s decided to take up- point is that something interesting is always happening.
He lets out a soft whine at the loss of Bucky’s hand at his neck but he can’t complain when it finds its way to Tony’s other hip and Bucky starts fucking into him in earnest. He moans, fingers tangled in the sheets hard as Bucky guides his hips, moving Tony the way he wants. “Bucky,” Tony says, unsure of what he even wants but feeling the need to voice it anyway.
Damn Bucky and Steve exchange another glance and Tony knows those looks, he sees them frequently and no way. There’s no way they’re going to kiss each other, they’ve stated a billion and one times they’d never do that because they’re jerks who want to ruin Tony’s life. There’s no
Bucky lets out a small laugh, “yeah I’d fucking say. You managed to make three different kinds of explosives out of
He watches Steve consider fighting him on it for a moment, but abandons it in favor of Tony. Steve shakes his head, “always gotta push the limit, don’t you?” he murmurs.
“Steve,” Tony whines into Bucky’s mouth, “please.” He’s not entirely sure what he’s asking for but something is better than the nothing he’s getting now.
“Pansexual doesn’t necessarily orient itself around a gender the way ‘gay’, ‘straight’, and sometimes ‘bi’ does. But I kind of prefer queer over that- its nebulous and ill defined, which is kind of how I feel about my gender and sexuality as a whole. Easier to chose a poorly defined label than a badly fitting one,” he says.
They lapse back into silence for another few minutes before a light bulb goes off in Tony’s head. “Hey, you two assholes never even kissed again! I’ve been
Steve laughs softly, nuzzling Tony’s neck. “Ready?” he murmurs, nipping at the already over sensitive skin on Tony’s neck.
“Uh huh. Still, this is nice,” Bucky murmurs, slipping a hand under his shirt and feeling the skin there. Tony lets out a noise that’s half impatient, half interested and it doesn’t do more than make Steve laugh softly.
Steve knows what he’s going to say so he shakes his head. “I’m fine Tony, its whatever.” Not like it’s the first time he’s ever smelled someone in heat before and even if it wasn’t his momma raised him to have manners. And unlike Bucky, whose mother absolutely raised him to have manners, he actually listened. Tony considers his words for a moment and goes back to ignoring him and rooting around in his bag for a few moments.
So when Steve walks in he’s more concerned about Tony’s ability to grow but only when he wants to take up every available inch of bed space rather than the anger that makes itself known on Steve’s face as soon as he spots Tony spread out. “The hell is this?” he asks, gesturing to Tony’s body taking up
“Dunno if that’s possible,” Tony murmurs. He goes to say something else but Steve scents him, nipping at the sensitive skin of his neck after and Tony moans. “Do that again,” Tony tells him.
“Not like I want you to, baby. Move your hand,” Steve murmurs. Tony lets out a put upon sigh but allows Steve to move his hand away. “God a surprise for you,” Steve tells him. Tony shifts himself so he can see what Steve’s got and he’s surprised to find a dildo.
make spending time with him worth their time? He doesn’t half ass things so that’s just rude. “Yeah, uh huh, name it,” he tells them, waving a hand around.
Tony’s breath is coming fast and he’s having a hard time concentrating through Steve’s touch because it’s
Yeah, alright, how was he to know his roommate was ass deep in depression humor. Usually he only hears it out of Bucky so it’d thrown him off and also Tony had to stretch to reach that window and he’d been distracted by it. Threw him off. He’s about to tell Tony that when a knock on the door sounds and Steve sighs. Probably Bucky. Tony gives the door a weary glance and disappears into the bathroom.
“I’m not,” Tony says honestly. He doesn’t know where he is, point against him. And he’s currently tied to a chair, which is a point for him if he can wiggle a knot loose. He’s also being held with a bunch of computers so he assumes this is some type of security spot in wherever he’s being held, which is flat out stupid of his captors but it does suggest there’s no other place to put him. Which means he’s either in a small location, there’s something dangerous in all the other areas, there’s someone or something important in the other areas that aren’t to be disturbed, or these people are dumber than a sack of hammers with no heads. Any of those are pretty valid options.
“Oh, guess that makes sense. Any plans for the rest of the day?” he asks, slightly tongue tied as Tony reaches up to the shelf over his bed, exposing a small bit of his stomach and honestly he needs to get his shit together. That’s not even attractive.
He curls his legs around Steve, nudging him closer. “You like to draw things more than talk about them,” he says. “Thought I’d give you a visual reminder of why talking about what you want is a good thing.” Steve’s hands curl around his legs as he licks his lips, looking Tony up and down as he flexes his fingers around his thighs.
Steve laughs and kisses him again, “well, good to know you have your wits about you,” he murmurs against Tony’s lips and that’s good, he’ll admit. But his heats have never affected his brain enough to make his reasoning foggy. Does to plenty of other omegas, usually if they have other health problems, but for him it just makes him impatient with any kind of waiting around. Hence crawling into Steve’s lap the way he’s wanted to for months but hadn’t really had the guts to.
“Can’t leave this one hanging,” Bucky says from across the room like he doesn’t have ulterior motives.
He swings a leg over his hips, hands on Bucky’s chest. “You know how you banned Steve from talking about social justice things in bed? Well this is me officially banning you from mentioning
Steve, sensing his thoughts or maybe just wanting to touch Tony, slips a hand up his shirt almost gingerly but Tony moans as he presses into Steve’s touch. He can feel the soft waves of pleasure already; the way Steve’s touch seems to sooth his skin and
his idiot question is offensive and best case scenario Sam asks something genuinely interesting. Which he doubts will happen but hey, maybe it will.
“Just because the choking thing is… weird doesn’t mean I have plain sex tastes I’m normal. You’re the weird ones,” Bucky tells them.
It works because he considers it for a moment before he squints at him, “how do you even know this is a thing?” he asks.
here, and clearly he’s willing, and there’s no time like now so he leans into Steve, arms making their way around Steve’s neck. Steve runs his hands up Tony’s sides and back down again lightly and Tony knows from experience that, if he had suppressants on him, this is about the point of no return anyway. He knows because Steve’s touch, however light it is, feels better than it would normally and he wants out of his clothes
. Exams. Still, he grabs the lube and manages to get some onto his fingers, rubbing them together to warm it a little before he reaches back. Steve lets out another gasp and a small moan as Tony cirlcles his hole before pressing a finger in a little.
“You’re enthusiasm is fuckin hot,” he says, nipping at his bottom lip as he pulls away and thankfully strips off those pesky pants of his. He’s even polite enough to put up the pretense that he’s about to get Tony out of his pants too but he lets his hands linger on Tony’s belt line for a moment.
Steve swears in Gaelic again as he fucks into Tony harder. “Say your mine,” Steve all but growls at him.
about this and he’ll be happy to deal with his arousal on his own. He shifts himself a little, spreading his legs just right before reaching between them and pressing a finger into himself. Yeah, good, but not enough so he adds another. He moan softly as he fucks into himself, shifting his hips until the angle is good.
Bucky watches him go lazily before turning back to Tony. “I don’t know what kind of magic you worked on him but I hope you know he loves you. Dumbass hasn’t figured it out for himself yet but he will.”
damnit. It’s his best friend duty to care. “Is that like, normal?” Tony asks because Rhodey is like one of five alphas he’s met that don’t suck and come on, he
“Tony, fuck, I-” Steve says, sentence falling short as he abandons it in favor of fucking into Tony. He’s so close now, Tony can feel it and
like it rough so stop looking at Bucky like that Steve,” he adds before he drops his head down again, dead to the world in seconds.
Steve sputters, surprised. “What was that for?” he asks like Tony hasn’t made himself one hundred percent clear.
“Uh, probably because I was like nine when I was in high school,” he points out. “Steve’s great, but everyone else? Hot mess. And you
with all the bug noises and light in his hell hole camp site. He’s wandering around to keep himself entertained at least when he runs into Bucky of all people slipping a shirt on over his head and walking by with his eyes to the ground purposefully. Tony raises an eyebrow because he knows a walk of shame when he sees one- benefits of living near a college campus, but doesn’t ask. He is, however, surprised to find the most likely source of Bucky’s walk of shame not too far away because as far as he knew Bucky and Sam hate each other. Their long standing rivalry over Steve’s affections that they’re both losing to Tony without even realizing it kind of proves that but hey, the fuck does he know?
He laughs because Bucky is funny, he’ll give him that. “You gunna do something or talk all day?” Tony asks.
Steve gasps, burying his face into Tony’s neck and moaning. The hand he’s got on Tony’s hip tightens as he noses his way up Tony’s neck, scenting his softly and it’s not nearly enough. “
Steve’s teeth graze his neck and Tony moans, not quite catching it before it escapes. Steve lets out a soft laugh, “wouldn’t have taken you for the type that likes to be marked,” he murmurs.
So like, this was supposed to be 3 chapters but I'm sure you've all noticed its now 4 chapters. That's because I wrote this out and realized the plot bits wouldn't blend well with the smut bits without A- making this chapter absurdly long or B- not blending with the events of this chapter at all so I figured exactly 0 people would complain about one extra chapter lol. That one will have the smut bits but this one is some plot bits!
Yeah, sure Tony knows he’s demanding but no one minds it really, especially not Steve. He keeps his arms wrapped around his neck as Steve kisses his way down Tony’s, tangling one of his hands in Steve’s hair as he tilts his head to the side. He looks over at Bucky while he does it, letting his mouth fall open a bit and Bucky laps it up. He’s almost easier to tease than Steve with all his pent up attraction. For all Steve’s talk he doesn’t much seem intent on sharing and Bucky must know of some unspoken rules because he hasn’t made much of a move either, even if Tony damn well knows he wants to.
This, he’s good at and he knows it. He’s had enough practice and even so he took plenty of time figuring Steve out. He knows how to fuck him the way he likes, how to shift his hips just right to get him to moan the way he is now. “Shoulda worn this a long time ago,” Tony murmurs.
Tony laughs, “really? Never took myself for a cheerleader type,” he says as Steve pushes him back so he’s lying down. He shifts his legs out from underneath himself as Steve crawls between them. Steve grabs one of his hands and threads their fingers together and pins Tony’s arm above his head. His other hand sits on Tony’s hip as he leans forward and kisses him.
Bucky swears under his breath. “Well that explains why they locked you in a room full of guns. Frankly I thought you were going to use
He gives Tony’s ass a light smack, “you and your damn impatience,” Bucky murmurs. “Give me a damn second.”
“Yeah, we’re fixing that,” Steve tells him, kissing him again and its rough too, sloppy. Its how Tony knows he’s done his job right because Steve is usually as attentive to detail in bed as he is in his art. He pulls away and takes a few steps to what Tony thought was going to be his bed but he keeps going, stepping over the broken mug and its contents as he walks down the hall.
no. Unlike basically every dumbass alpha who whines and cries about unfair standards I have enough critical thinking skills to know ninety percent of that shit traces back to omegas being treated like ass. Wouldn’t be a problem to be small and thin if those traits weren’t associated with omegas and, you guessed it, the problem isn’t my stature its that we think omegas are weak and feeble-minded. Fix the omega thing and
He rolls his eyes, “not like you didn’t want it,” he points out. He’s not a savage either, he at least knows how to read a damn room and for a bit there he thought Steve was fucking immune to his damn
but whatever. Point is having a dong doesn’t mean you can’t rock a skirt and he thinks he looks better in most in them. Not to mention male genital structure means skirts make more sense than pants but whatever.
Of course there’s a target on Tony’s back, Steve’s always known that but he seems to fly surprisingly under the radar with people he’s not exactly on good terms with. That’d been almost strange at first, but Steve had pretty quickly realized it’s mostly due to the fact that Tony doesn’t often find himself in places Steve frequents. Or places Bucky frequents for that matter. Though it seems people have figured out his routines anyway and it hadn’t exactly been hard to guess where Tony was being held. HYDRA likes to think they’re more intelligent than they are, not that Steve really expects intelligence out of Nazis.
Tony shakes his head though. “I don’t have skills in fighting beyond some basics and what I know from boxing. What I’ve got is some impressive math skills and a lot of knowledge of anatomy.” Bucky raises an eyebrow, presumably not buying that and Tony sighs. “Its not
“I hope you know that you’re the fucking worst,” Steve mumbles, picking him up and carrying him off to bed.
“Consent dumbass. And honestly I think I’ve made my interest clear.” He has good communication skills or so he’s been told.
obvious he wants to figure out what the big deal is and Tony’s pretty tempted to take matters into his own hands at this point. Its not like Bucky’s stupid, he
Not at all what he had in mind when he told Steve he wanted to be used, but definitely not moving in the wrong direction either. Steve pulls back until he’s sitting on his thighs, “well come on Tony, lets go,” he says, raising an eyebrow at him.
Tony, however, looks confused. “You have a new girlfriend like every week,” he says and Steve’s eyebrows shoot up.
“Well,” Bucky says, hand moving from his back over his ass, “probably would have enjoyed you literally throwing yourself at me, so thoughts for next time.”
He’s sure he does but when Steve gets off the bed Tony props himself up on his elblow. “Um, hello, you have unfinished business,” Tony reminds him.
med he needed. Which happens less to him than it used to, but it’s still a semi frequent occurrence. Granted its not as… well,
anything else to sit on but no, he’s stuck on a log. “Its not that bad,” Steve murmurs in his ear like he genuinely thinks that’s true.
“You brought it up apparently and I’m not about to turn that down. Might if I don’t get some semblance of my bed back soon. There’s no damn reason for him to take up this much space.”
’ so he figured what the fuck, might as well, right? Wrong, because there are bugs and leaves and plants and all the things he hates. You know, nature and all that shit. “Hey,” someone says and Tony spares a glance to some dipshit to his left. He’s already decided he hates pretty much everyone here but he hates this guy more than normal. “What’s with the outfit?” he asks and Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve’s hips buck up on their own accord as he moans. “Can I-” he starts, lifting a hand and Tony shakes his head.
doesn’t take up that much of his bed and he’s almost a foot taller than Tony and he outweighs him by quite a bit too so what the fuck?
Steve snorts, pulling him in close and pressing his face into his neck. “Is that how you think this works?” he murmurs, hand sliding up his ass. Tony sucks in a breath as Steve presses his fingers back into him. “Sure about that?” he asks as he curls his fingers and Tony gasps.
“You know, like beer goggles but with heats- I don’t know. For all I know you’re just like… horny enough to jump anyone and I don’t want to take advantage. And you could probably do better anyway, pretty sure Bucky would be fine with this,” he says and Tony wrinkles his nose.
Tony, who has a visible fever, lets out an annoyed sigh. “No, I feel like ass,” he mumbles. He walks over to his bed and falls on it, face planting into the pillow and that’s about when Steve gets a good whiff of him and he sighs.
I’m close,” Steve tells him. “Can- can I touch you?” Steve asks, hand already half extended to Tony and yeah okay, Tony misses being touched and he
“Fuck no, that’s gross. This has nothing to do with you and everything to do with Tony- the point here is to rile him up a little for my own benefit. If that means kissing you, fine. I’ll make that sacrifice,” he says. A simple means to an end- that’s all this is.
“Yeah, because I’m winning a competition and honestly I am fully confident that you do not need to date mob bosses after becoming a prostitute to win that title. You’ve done some really dumb shit,” Rhodey says.
Tony throws back his head and laughs. “Okay, so I had no clue he did this, that’s important to the story. So he wakes me up at like just after four in the morning and he’s crying his eyes out and I just want to go the fuck back to sleep so I tell him to stop whining about his girlfriend dumping him, climb in bed, and go the hell to sleep but that solves nothing. Then he’s all ‘I need you to look at my dick’ and sleepy me is an asshole, but I’m curious at the best of times and that’s not a normal reaction so okay. I sit my ass up and nothing could prepare me for what was about to assault my eyes. I’d say it was to early to look at that shit, but there’s no good time of day for that.”
“S’not that hard to do if you know what to mix together. And they were the idiots who left me the ingredients to chlorine gas in the damn closet.” Those Christmas decorations had been convenient little bombs too, once he gassed himself out of his prison cell and managed to locate a more workable stash of weapons. Needless to say he’s pretty sure HYDRA was pissed off that he managed to fuck them over like he had but its really not his fault people consistently underestimate him. Even Bucky had look surprised before Tony passed out completely. He assumes Steve brought him back home.
He tilts himself up to see what Steve’s doing and Steve shakes his head at him, “you’ll feel all the action,” he tells Tony, reminding him of the first time they slept together, except their positions are reversed and there’s no Bucky here at the moment.
“Just fuck me,” he tells Steve. Steve’s eyes flick down from his face to his ass, considering a moment, before he gives Tony a cocky smile.
his lab. Dummy is entertaining and there’s heating that isn’t Steve’s body heat. Also there are no tents and no stupid teenagers that decided to tag along with friends of friends and okay,
“Gunna feel my ass or what, Steve?” Tony asks when he waits too long. Tony looks over his shoulder and he’s not much surprised to find Steve licking his lips as he looks down at him. He likes to linger with his looks, take everything in while Bucky gets to it. Assuming he feels like it anyway, he’s not opposed to taking his time if he thinks he’ll tease a better reaction out of Tony.
“Lets see what we can do about that fantasy of yours, hmm?” Tony murmurs, grabbing Steve’s wrist and removing his hand from his ass. Steve makes a disappointed noise but he can suck it up, Tony likes the idea of making Steve beg for it. Looks like he’s half way there already. He leans forward, placing Steve’s other hand above his head as he kisses him. “You’re gunna keep your hands up here,” Tony tells him as he nips at Steve’s bottom lip, “while I ride you.”
Steve leans in and noses at his neck, “yeah gorgeous, you are,” he murmurs and Tony shivers. It’s a little odd to hear Bucky’s nicknames for him out of Steve’s mouth but he’s not complaining either. Its kind of hot in its own way. Steve pulls back a little and smiles down at him, “you ready, baby?” he asks. Tony nods, watching as Steve sits back on his heels and looks him over for a moment.
that difficult to calculate the angle a punch is coming in at and the force they’re more than likely coming at you with and then dodge it. And apparently no one taught HYDRA to maybe not leave massive openings in their stances. Shit, I know about four things about beating the hell out of someone properly and I know
Tony considers this for a long moment before he sighs. “Well, can’t hurt,” he mumbles. Steve tosses him a bottle off his night stand and Tony catches it, reading the label for a moment before shrugging and taking a pill. Steve mostly ignores him and focuses on his drawing and honestly a banana shouldn’t be so fucking hard to draw. It’s a banana, its
Long story he’ll make short for Bucky’s sake. “I looked up his porn habits and also he’s made comments about us enough to put the pieces together. Literally only took him five seconds to mention it the first time we slept together,” he points out.
“I’ve got glaucoma in one eye and what the hell is that supposed to mean?” he asks, catching up too late to the implication that Tony’s interest should have been visible to him before this. Assuming he’s drawn his conclusions right.
"Fantastic! And thank you so much for Karen, she's great. I love her." Peter grinned. "I mean, JARVIS is like my best boi, but...Karen's my girl."
He looked down at the prototype in front of him and nodded. "Alright. Guess I make my own version of this little project." Beck grinned. Once Obie failed at his plan, it'd be Beck's chance. Stane was more ruthless than Stark, but Stark was smarter, always a step ahead. Beck would put his money on Stark in that match up. Beck knew he wasn't as smart as Stark, but he was cleverer and better at exploiting true weaknesses.
"Yeah." Peter did want to rest before that. He knew it was going to be awful...but he also knew it would help, it'd helped a lot after being homeless, he'd figure it would help here too. For now, he just wanted some rest.
Peter perked up a little. "I didn't even think of that." Then he frowned. "They won't be sticky. Better than nothing, huh?"
Her eyes stayed lightly closed. The time stone wasn't with them. Strange didn't keep it with them during their meditations.
Vanessa nodded. "Good. You offer her something we don't have. She doesn't even know it, I don't think, but she's naturally leaning into it. Into having structure, something you have that we don't." Vanessa leaned forward, clasping her hands together. "I want her to know people can be good. She has that belief, of course. She accepts that people can be good, but she doesn't accept people will be good to HER. She has friends at school and dance. And we love that she hangs out with Peter Parker, that kid has gotten her to smile more than anyone else in a while. The fact that he knew her identity long before she knew he did helped her so much in learning to trust. I like her having more friends. But she needs an authority figure she can trust. And given her moral code...well, I'm not sure she can say 'authority figure' and 'Wade' in the same sentence."
"You'd be a good fit. We both know that's not up Tony's alley. He's actually happy in charge of R&D. He just...doesn't approve of the current CEO. Think you'd do good."
"Who are you?" Strange asked, gently setting Peter down in the available bed, standing between him and Christine. He knew Vanessa. But this woman was an unknown.
"Hey, Penis. You must be getting pretty comfortable. When do you think you'll be on the streets again?"
"No, I think it's okay." Peter felt the blow coming before it even arrived and narrowly dodged a piece of the building to the face. "Not nice!" He flipped off the building.
"We know, Margaret. That's why I brought you here. A totally different dimension, they can't get through. I sealed the doors too. Only I can get people or things in and out." Strange promised.
All the Avengers were working day and night to try to bring Peter and Maggie back. JARVIS was looking through everything. Wade had taken to the streets and was, in general, raining hell on everyone trying to find them.
"No, I'm not. It does get blood out. Have used it before." Maggie shrugged. "What? I've gotten stabbed and punched and had broken bones. Been shot a few times...I left those timelines. If I couldn't...adjust time I'd...well, be dead a few times. That's what training's for. We can't all have super healing. And...my powers are defensive in nature...makes it harder to fight but, I've learned to be scrappy."
Quentin looked at the schematics of Peter's internship project, finding the upgrades he'd made along the way. Then he looked at the newest version Peter'd had. He put gloves on and pulled it apart slowly, piece by piece. There was a discrepancy, between Peter's original plans and the new model. "Hm. Exactly how close are you to Tony Stark, kid?"
"Well, there's nothing wrong with needing someone. And you don't have to tell him he's Dr. Dad or anything but-"
Maggie laughed as they finished the episode and their dinner. "Took you long enough. Come to the dark side, we have psychological themes and interesting characters and really good looking food."
"He's a twig, Peter, you could knock him out in one hit." Happy said, loud enough for flash to hear.
Maggie took a deep breath. She didn't mind the smell of incense. It was calming, pleasant. Everything here was serene. Not to hot or cold. The cushion had just enough support. The calming tick of her watch was steady, reassuring. And she could tell Dr. Strange was there, sense his presence. There was nothing else. Dr. Strange had sealed everything away so she couldn't sense danger. It was just her and him, so there was no danger for her to see.
Maggie bent her fingers. They hurt, but they would function. She was pretty sure they weren't exactly where they were supposed to be. She hid the chains behind her in the corner, pulled the brick from the wall and held it in her right hand.
Cho laughed. "Alright." She started to wrap the support band around Tony's injured ribs again. "Oh, and I saw Peter the other day. He's doing well. Maintaining his weight. Much more of a chatterbox too."
Her mind flashed again. This time to a place she didn’t recognize. But the window on the building was familiar. She mentally turned.
"Okay..." Tony pulled away and took a breath. "Alright. Total faith in you...just... Be careful out there, kid."
Maggie shivered as the door closed, but kept her eyes on the man. He slipped his keycard into his shirt pocket, just like she knew he would. She tightened her grip on the brick.
"Fractured skull. Couple bruised bones. One cracked rib. A little internal bleeding. Trauma to the throat...she will probably have a rough voice for a few days. Lots of bruises and scrapes. Dehydration, slight malnutrition... Both thumbs dislocated...she didn't do great putting them back, but we fixed them."
The door opened. Tony stepped in. "Kid, I heard you were in the med-bay... Oh, hi. Who's this and why are you...unmasked, Spiderman?"
"Little late, aren't you?" Tony asked, shifting uncomfortably. His ribs ached. Steve had been right, rest was the best, moving sucked.
"Oh my God. We've been looking non-stop for you, sweetie. Wade is still out there now." Vanessa came close, reached out for Maggie.
Ned made a face at some of the colors. But narrowed it down to a choice between burgundy, black, or navy. "Which one do you like?"
She folded her body up as close to the corner as possible, then she pulled her arms forward so they were tied in front of her body instead of behind her. Her fingernails were broken and the ends of her fingers were bloody from scratching the brick out of the wall. She'd have to be quiet about this. Even if they weren't watching her, they'd still hear her if she screamed. She turned her head, the movement made her see stars for a moment, but she took a deep breath and bit her shirt between her teeth. It was going to hurt, she just had to hold back her noises as best as possible.
"Yeah, true." Vanessa agreed. "Wade and I saw her file, her medical file." She leaned forward. "She was surrounded by female nurses and a female doctor...but she let you stitch her ribs, shoulder, and thigh. YOU. Now, I know how Maggie thinks, because I'm a woman who's been abused too. I size everyone up. I look at everyone I meet and categorize them. 'Who could I beat in a fight? Which corner of the room is safest? Could I take out enough people to get out of the room? Which person is least intimidating? Who gives off the wrong vibes? Will this person hurt me?'" Vanessa shook her head. "So the fact that Maggie picked a tall, broad-shouldered, strong man with magic fucking powers to take care of her as opposed to a smaller, slimmer, powerless by comparison, female, it tells me something."
Tony lifted the phone and looked down at it. There was video of a person in a...mask if it could be called that. "Who are you?"
"You caught me." Peter rubbed his head. "But my favorite is the high bar. You should check me out, I'm going to the 2016 Olympics. Make sure to tune in. I'll probably take it easy though. Would be bad form to take the gold with super powers."
"Margaret, you trade your mind for insight. You don't have to. Time has it's own rules, yes. But you do not have to lose yourself to understand it. You have the power to work with time. Take control, don't let it control you."
"So, I'm guessing you're at the Tower, right? I'll come pick you up." Vanessa's voice was casual again.
Cho smiled. "Well, at least there is that. You all have such little self-preservation the three of you couldn't fill a teaspoon with it. But you're also all very protective, so...maybe it'll even out." She nodded and turned to the images she'd taken of Tony's arm. "Good news, you're ahead on the curve."
"Really?" Maggie asked. She thought he would have had it in high school. He was a doctor, so he had to be smart, why hadn't he had it in high school?
"I know." Her fists clenched. She got up quickly and went to the sink, cleaning her dishes, then stacking the rest to work on them.
"That samba lesson was awesome. Every time we get one of those spotlight lessons I find more types of dances I want to learn." Peter sighed. "It's so much fun."
Maggie nodded. "Well, technically, I do know he's not a villain... I could tell just by seeing him on the TV. That Stane guy creeps me out though."
Peter grinned and jumped to his feet. "Awesome." The two ran laps around the lake. After a couple laps, Peter sped up a little. Steve sped up in response to keep pace. Peter smirked at him, then really took off. It felt awesome to run without any fear of being watched or running into a car or cab or pedestrian. "On your right!" He called in warning before he lapped his papa. He laughed, exalted, then finished his loop and headed back to the porch.
"Everything." Maggie answered on reflex, then tilted her head. "No...not everything. That's not the right word."
Peter barely managed to climb back down the building. But instantly he felt himself crushed against a warm chest in a hug. "I've got you."
"Thanks for the help. I'm glad you were there." She put her hand to her side, as if covering a wound, but she wasn't bleeding. Then she stood up straight and held out her hand. "I'm Reset. But my friends call me Reese."
Tony smiled proudly at his son and wiped his eyes. Below, he saw Maggie hug Peter, who appeared to be crying himself. Then the two pulled apart and bowed to the crowed, before heading backstage.
"I did tell you once before that I don't claim sanity." Strange sighed. "I don't think there's enough therapy for what I've been through and seen." He shook his head. "I'm alright. I think, if I were to tell a therapist that I've died a million times, I might get committed...possibly lobotomized."
Peter fired a web and hit the shield. He launched himself over Steve and ripped the shield away by force. He stuck it to his own arm and landed safely on Steve's other side. By the time Peter landed, Steve was on him, throwing a punch. Peter held up the shield to protect himself, only to get a foot to his gut for his trouble. Steve hadn't pulled his strength.
"First we pick some music. I prefer upbeat jazz for the quickstep. It just works for me. This dance is mostly on the toes, heels should very lightly touch the ground when they do. I'll show you."
Steve walked up to his side and put the large plate on the side table. Then he reached out and ruffled Peter's hair. "Hey, I know we probably seemed mad, but we're really just worried. We love you and we want you to be safe."
Maggie's eyes widened in horror when Vanessa started to Dougie. Then Wade started some weird rendition of Get Low. Maggie's face burned. "You guys suck." She pushed past them.
"I'm sorta adopted too, you know?" Maggie sighed. "My dad was an officer, he was killed in the line of duty. My mom...she was murdered. I grew up abused and then a certain merc found me. He may have saved my life and eviscerated the guy who hurt me. I thought I'd never be happy again without my family, but here I am...living with my found family. It doesn't make the pain or loss any easier, but Wade and Vanessa and--well they are my family now. And yeah we're weird. But we're family. I know what this dance is and what it means to you. They deserve to see it, so that's why I wanted to help."
"It's not on you." Wade, surprisingly, said. "Bad guys do bad things, that's what they do. If it's not these guys, it would be Hydra or Francis or some other asshole. These douchebags snagged those kids, not you. So it isn't on you. We don't have the luxury of the blame game. We need to get Maggie and Peter back." He looked at Tony and Steve. "Now we need to find them." Then he looked at Vanessa. "Any luck yet?"
Peter closed his eyes so he wouldn't have to see May. And when he opened them, he was in an empty room. What the fuck? His aunt had been there, dead, broken at his feet, just as broken as she'd been after her accident. But now there was nothing, but a room. His hands were bound behind his back.
Peter moved the quickest. He jumped between here and Steve. The staff pressed against his chest instead of Steve's. "Hey, you're okay. We're all friends. Good guys. We're good guys."
"Alright, I'll take it. You let us know if you want more, okay? We'll get it for you." She got up and took the dishes away.
"Sure...nothing too big. Then we can babysit him, once their done in there, huh?" Steve smiled slightly.
"Yeah. Someone followed me and Ned." Peter still...dimly felt like he was being watched, but imagined it was just his senses being...well sensitive. "We're okay. Remind me that I owe Nat one. But, we may need someone to come see what this guy was up to, he wanted to know stuff about Dad. So I made a clever quip and then took him down."
Dr. Cho looked over at her. "She's good. No bad reactions with her transfusion, no clots or anything. Once she's awake, I'll probably suggest some pain meds and antibiotics and let her go home too."
Christine leaned back and looked between the two of them. "I don't think it's so complicated." Her lips quirked up in a soft smile. "Looks good on you..." She let out a breath. "You okay?"
"I had a nightmare last night. Felt like one of those really intense real ones I get sometimes... Just wanted to make sure you were alright." Maggie said, her voice sounded sleepy and a little hoarse as if she'd just woken and called him first thing.
Dr. Strange turned and narrowed his eyes slightly, then sighed and nodded. "She's a good kid. You should go be with your family."
"Who is it?" Nat ask. "We got a lot of names here, but no one seems talkative about the ringleader of this fucked up circus. And trust me...they all had reason to talk. Deadpool is...effective. And me and Clint are pissed."
And he wasn't disappointed. She danced like a professional to 9 to 5, her performance of straight ballet mixed with such a song...actually kind of worked. Tony appreciated her old school taste, as all the other performers before her had picked current hits, musical numbers, or classical music. He watched, amazed at her abilities.
"It looks good. Don't worry about it, Pete." Beck soothed. "They're super excited by it. Where are the initial few coming off the line going?"
Maggie's breath shook. She wasn't going to last much longer. Physically she wasn't good enough to fight both of them at once. She was sure her powers were the only thing keeping her alive or not in cuffs at this point. Clint let go of his bowstring. She heard it snap against his bracer.
"Phase one has started, everyone. Let's make this work." Beck grinned. He turned and frowned. He didn't like having to use the kid, but it seemed to be the best and quickest way to get exactly what he wanted.
"I don't want to leave him alone." The kid had literally just had a damn flashback of his dead aunt. Steve did not want to leave his son alone. What if he woke up alone? What if he had a nightmare? Steve didn't want him to be alone.
No spidersense. No nothing. It was nice, quiet. He was happy to be cuddled with his dad. The only trouble was the nightmares, but then he'd wake up and...he was safe again. Better than their normal world. Peter was sure.
It was too many people and she was too tired and weak. She passed out promptly after only giving him five real-time seconds of a head start.
"But Mr. Fredrickson!" Peter complained, still holding the door open. It wasn't like he was invited in. He was just going to say goodbye to his friend, not intrude. "I have to get that badge!"
"Asshole!" Maggie flipped away from another attack, then pulled her staff free. "We're not playing this game anymore."
He could hear his dad and papa trying to soothe him, but he didn't feel soothed. He wanted to clench his fists, but when he moved his left hand he was met with pain. He grit his teeth and winced.
"Hah! I did it." Peter pointed. "You left your building. You entered Queen's airspace. You're going to be in so much trouble now Natalie."
Peter ran to the side of the crater and Maggie met him there. She looked tired, her blue pea coat covered in ash, grime, and blood, hopefully not her own. She extended her staff in her right hand, looking up at the silver suit. "We got to keep him away from Iron Man." Peter said. "Karen says JARVIS is trying to get the suit back online. We need to give him time."
Vanessa nodded and sniffled, lowering her hand. "It's okay, my girl. I'm right here. And I'll get Wade on his way...and we'll make sure you're safe."
Still slack-jawed, Ned took it and stood, following Peter cautiously out of the ally and into the neighboring restaurant. Peter sat with Ned on the bench next to the door and sighed as the feeling of being watched faded away. The hostess looked at them, but decided not to comment on them chilling in the entryway. "What was that?" Ned whispered.
Peter's eyes watered a little bit. He really had found himself a wonderful family. "I love you, Dad."
"Cool." Maggie nodded. "Brooklyn's been quiet today. Thought I'd see if Queens needed help." She pulled her phone from her pocket.
Peter snorted. "It's okay, even us humans rarely know how to answer that question. And remember, you can call me Peter. Mr. makes me feel weird."
"What'd you say, Parker? Gonna talk some more about your fake family? You live out on the streets yet?"
"Do you cook a lot?" Strange asked, not knowing what else to do, but talk to her like a normal person, because she was a person, even if a small young one.
Beck didn't want to get caught working with Stane. Even if Stane managed to get his way with Stark, Quentin still wanted to see his own plan come to fruition. That meant he couldn't be caught on Stane's side if Stane lost to Stark (again). Either way, Beck would have to stay hidden, in the shadows. And that meant keeping the kid from being suspicious of him.
When Peter got into the car, his eyes widened. In the front seat, were four bags of Five Guys food. "My God, Pepper's the best."
"BOOOO!" Maggie buried her head in her hands. "What's wrong with you, Queens? We might have to stop being friends."
Steve kept an eye on Peter as the doctor worked. He didn't know her. He didn't know if he could trust her. Steve tensed when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
She couldn't see any danger lights. In a fight, she'd be able to see that. Whatever those sounds were, it was for show. It wasn't real.
He grabbed a cup of ice chips. It was half-melted, because Christine had brought it a few hours ago, in case she woke up again. He opened the cup for her with a shaky hand. "Not too much at once. You're more likely to be sick after surgery, and it wouldn't feel too good. Only a little bit for now."
"I told you...weird week." Maggie shrugged then sent a text that was composed entirely of emojis. "Gotta make sure he knows I'm okay. Or else he'll track me down." Maggie said.
"Don't know until you talk to her about it." Steve said. "That's how we started." He pointed to Tony. "Gotta talk about these things."
Peter wasn't sure Deadpool was used to being scolded. But the Merc with a Mouth was stunningly silent as Strange read him the riot act. Even Peter felt scolded and the Doctor hadn't even raised his voice. It was low, urgent, and in charge. "Now, this isn't a fun thing. We don't make jokes about health. I put forty stitches in her, some of which were internal. We're not laughing about this. And when she goes back out there, we're making sure she's damn well ready. Got it?"
"Nice reflexes." Wade said, his sword sliced through the drone. "The good guys'll get assassinated at this rate. If these things can do that."
"He'll be okay. If you got to leave and go fight, that's fine, but...when he wakes up he's going to want to see someone he knows well. They fucked with their minds real bad." Vanessa whispered, looking at Maggie's sleeping form.
"Sounds like Wade." She sighed. "Sorry." She pulled her phone from her pocket and answered it. "Hello?"
"Yes, you're safe. Dr. Palmer is safe too, she's a friend. Her name's Christine. She and I worked together for a long time. I trust her." A slight pressure on her hand told her he was trying to reassure her. "Wade and Ness are here." He nodded across the bed.
The man in the suit leaned forward. "So, Peter, for science. Which hurt the most? The scalpel, the hand saw, or the knife?"
"Nothing. You're good for her. I think she's good for you too." Ness smiled. Even re-traumatized, he was so glad that Maggie still had the capacity to trust. That she still had Strange, herself, and Wade at the very least.
Clint ducked as he went around the corner. A staff flew over his head. He tackled the girl in blue. Straddling her legs in hopes the girl wouldn't fly away again. "Hey, feisty, stay down."
Maggie stumbled around the corner, her hands on the wall to steady her. The Cloak shot to her and helped her stay upright.
"He looked like HIM...and the way the wood creaked. The wood floor always creaked outside my room. My stepdad was the same height...same hair... I just...couldn't. I couldn't see anything else. I'm sorry."
"Language, darlin'. Alright. Remember the ground rules." Steve said seriously, waiting until Peter made eye contact first, before continuing. "Nothing too dangerous. That means stay away from knives, guns, Iron Man, and collapsing buildings if at all possible."
"I need more power. He's too damn fast. I need to be faster too." Stane turned and looked from his suit to the one Tony'd made in the desert. He needed more power. Something like what Tony had.
"He said that too." Pepper nodded. "But if I'm going to be CEO you're going to have to take on more of the baby sitting duties."
"I have a lot of time on my hands. Go on, it gets easier when it's read out loud. You can start hearing characters that way."
Dr. Strange returned with a plate and put it down on the edge of the bed before looking directly in her eyes with his own sharp gray-blue eyes. "They are. So much better than the last few times. Rest is doing you good." He held out his hand in a silent offer.
Maggie nodded. "He invented some sort of power source. Kinda like a mini-arc reactor. He sent me some of the specs. The numbers looked promising. Just hope he does alright during the presentation. I'm not sure I could do that."
"Oh, fuck." Maggie huffed out in pain as she was hit with a kick to the chest, as if she weren't already struggling with breathing due to smoke inhalation. "Okay then. Time to fight dirty." This is what she trained with Wade for.
Maggie let out a long breath. "Am I over thinking? He's just making sure I survive the weekend, that's all."
"Fine." Vanessa finished for him. "It's as good as we got. This one's stubborn. Knew that from day one."
Peter dropped from the building, swinging down into the streets to guide and swing people away from the fight. Getting people out from under debris.
"I know you are, but I'm going to make it better. You're hurt, and I'm going to fix it. Me and Christine."
"But that's a lie. Isn't it?" He knelt in front of her. "I know who you are. I've been watching you for a long time."
Maggie's eyes widened. She didn't touch people often. So she knew what Wade's hands felt like. She knew that his hands were always much warmer than her. And the texture of his skin... This wasn't Wade. The scars looked accurate, but didn't FEEL right. And his hands were cold. This wasn't Wade. That meant...none of it was real. They weren't making nightmares come true. If that were the case, if it were a power, then the people would be accurate not just in appearance, but in feel too.
"Just think you're a bit low. I'll see what we can get you once you're stitched up. Not a lot of B- out there, but we'll see." He finished poking at her. "Felt any of that?"
"That's because I'M good." Peter rolled his eyes. "Not the other way around. Don't change direction out of the blue without a signal. See?" Peter pressed gently with the heel of his hand on Steve. "Right." They spun. Peter pressed with his fingers. "Left."
"My jaw has been sensitive lately. It's okay." She shrugged. "It's...really quiet. Maybe it's the Christmas spirit."
His spidersense flared. "Thought I told you what would happen if you tried to get out." A distorted voice said.
"I should have told you, I'm sorry, but I thought it was kinda weird...but also a bit necessary..." Strange started to ramble.
"I know people who've come back. What if he's like that?! What if he's like Logan or Wade? What if he came back to hurt me?!"
