Over the course of winter break, Peter saw Tony or Steve every day. Often he would find Steve in the workout room in the building and more than once he found Tony in the Laundry room with one of the machines taken apart down to it’s nuts and bolts. Granted, it worked much better after Tony had tinkered with it, but it seemed silly that a tech mogul like Tony Stark would be the washing machine repair man.
They sit and just eat without discussion for a while before Peter coughs a little, trying to clear his throat. “This is really good Steve. Thank you for making supper for me.”
Tony points his soup spoon back at Steve, “Hey! It wasn’t my fault it exploded!”
“Yes Tony, we’re keeping him.” Steve agrees.
Tony grips Peter’s ass cheeks and slams him down, grinding up in a circular movement. “Hard, Baby? I can do hard. You better hold on, though.” Peter gets almost no warning before he is lifted and brought back down hard, over and over until Tony’s swearing, sweat running down his face, and Peter’s clenching his whole body, trying to hold off until Tony’s ready.
“Yes sir Mr. Captain Steve Sir. I’ve just not slept in a while, just finished my last fall final. I was just going to go sleep for like 30 hours, but I can help you move the couch if you want.”
“Eggs are in the door.” Peter calls to him as he listens to Tony mumble to himself, making a list on his phone’s notes app of tests he wants done.
“But then- why are you guys still living here in this tiny apartment if you have an amazing tower and penthouse there?”
Steve sighs as he marches them toward the couch to sit, “Oh Pete, don’t think we won’t talk about that too, but now’s not the time, ok? Let’s handle one crisis at a time. Tony’s upset that you ran out upset, and
Arriving at his building, Peter heads to Steve’s door without stopping at his own and knocks confidently. Peter smiles at the shifting feeling of the plug. He’d been wearing it for a few hours now, not the longest he’d ever worn one, but it was the first time he was planning on showing someone.
“God, Baby, you feel so good. So tight for me, ready to come. Come for me Baby, let me feel it again.”
Steve stands and slowly drags his shirt up and over his head with one hand as Tony circles around Peter’s pucker with the tip of his tongue. “Watch, Baby. He’s stripping just for you,” Tony says between swipes as Peter hangs his head down in an overabundance of feelings.
Mr. Stark didn’t even wait for a response before turning and walking toward the podium where the Captain was waiting for him. Most of the group Peter was standing with followed, closer to the front of the room, but he stood, waiting behind the crowd, senses already a little overwhelmed with the crush of people.
While waiters passed appetizers and beverages, Peter found a group of older looking students to mingle with. Most of the kids there had brought parents, so it was easy enough to find the other Fellowship recipients. They talked about their undergrad majors and their upcoming Fellowship projects, and while one of them were attending Columbia with Peter, none of them had moved into the same building. Jamie had decided to keep her apartment with her husband rather than moving. Peter actually was enjoying talking with these other recipients, but kept an eye, and part of an ear, out for Mr. Stark who was walking around the room with Captain America greeting the other kids.
“Oh man, you got it so bad,” Sam said and slapped Steve on his back, ignoring the pained sound Steve let out.
It was still scary, baring himself to Steve and letting Steve see all the parts of him – the good, the bad – everything that made him who he was. But try as he might, Tony would never regret giving all of what he was to Steve.
“Blow up? As in explode?” Steve asked in alarm. “With what?”
“I love you,” Steve said just as Tony was about to step out of the study.
Tony rested there, getting used to the feeling of Steve inside, stretching him wide and touching spots his toys had never managed. It felt so good, his head so filled with the pleasure and Steve, he wasn’t able to categorize all of the sensations properly at once.
“I won’t claim you this time, Tony,” Steve panted harshly. His eyes were wild, pupils so enlarged they had swallowed all of the blue Tony loved so much. His hair was a tangled mess around his face and his cheeks a tantalizing red. His body against Tony’s was like standing in front of the forge, pouring heat into Tony’s and amplifying the roaring fire burning in his veins. “I’ll stay and help you, Gods help me, because I love you too, and it would kill me to leave you like this when you need me.”
The angry shout brought Steve up short. Bucky, who’d been walking right behind him, crashed into his back when he stopped so suddenly.
It is for all these reasons and more
“Sounds like they’re at it again,” he said with a wide grin at Clint, amusement dancing in his eyes.
Steve took a deep breath, the blush slowly receding from his face. “I would like to give you this gift and get permission to court you,” he repeated sincerely, a hopeful smile hesitantly curving his mouth.
“W-what- but- I mean – yes!” Tony managed to sputter out. No way in hell was he going to say no to
“Steve,” Sam asks from the side where he’s been waiting. “What about the omega?”
Tony smiled so hard it threatened to split his face in two, Steve’s arm warm and strong around his shoulders as they observed their children lovingly. It’d been an interesting afternoon and evening; Peter had wanted to know more, Rhia had asked far too probing questions and Patrick had sulked through the first hour or so.
The naughtiness in your smile,
Bodies were everywhere – Doom’s men and theirs mixed together into a macabre display of what the worst of humanity had to offer. It made Steve’s stomach roil and Tony made a gagging noise beside him.
The group found this really funny and raucous laughter echoed between dark windows and empty stoops up and down the alley. A small scuffle occurred and Tony thrashed to get loose from the hand around his neck holding him down to no avail. The hand pressed Tony’s throbbing face harder against the ground.
Shaking his head, he took Tony’s hand and pulled him up and over a small hill. Coming down on the other side, Steve could finally get a good look at the battlefield.
Well now it was Tony’s turn to blush.
“How do you know more about this than I do? You’re an alpha, you’re not supposed to care about crap like that.”
Pepper sighed the deep sigh of the truly tested. “Hammer did.”
Tony pinned Steve with a look that silenced him before Steve could even open his mouth to protest. “You know I’m right.”
Steve’s expression said it all.
“I do,” Tony confessed, shakily. “I’ve wanted you since the first time I saw you but I’ve been too fucking cowardly to tell you and accept your courtship.”
“It would be my pleasure,” Steve said with all the seriousness he could muster.
“Hold on,” Steve said. “I’d like to know what this was all about. I assume the omega you… told off wasn’t your mate?”
Fact: He’s old.
“On time,” Tony scoffed and batted at her. “We’re not at war right now, Pep, they can wait another day – three tops.”
Turning around, Steve started walking. “Meet us in our sitting room in one hour.”
– right. The alpha didn’t even seem remorseful. He smiled; he smiled and it looked like he expected Steve to understand, to
Lastly, Steve cards his fingers through Tony’s hair, loosening the cord holding it in its tail, so it spills down over his shoulders. He smiles at the silver glimmering in between the black strands. “This is the proof of someone who has endured and fought and survived to reach an older age, who has been granted the gift to grow older with his mate.”
“What?”
“Oh, stuff it,” Rhia snapped. “What does it matter if Peter wants to have some fun? So what if he’s a prince? It’s not like he’s hurting anyone and besides, we’re still kids, Patrick.”
Steve’s smile was as brittle as Tony’s thoughts. “Friends then. And I’m serious about the laws. Whether I’m allowed to court you or not, I want to make a change. All omegas, you especially, deserve to have the same rights as alphas and betas.”
He ravished Tony’s mouth, nipping and sucking his lips until they were plump and swollen and throbbing in time with his galloping heart. Tony had been kissed a few times in his life, but never like this. This hunger was new, taking over all of his senses, the air permeated with Steve’s scent, Steve’s heat and it was so overwhelming, it coalesced into a jumbled mantra of
“Shh,” Steve soothed. “It’s alright, I’m here now. I’m not gonna hurt you.”
Fact: He’s not as good-looking as he once was. How can he ever stand a chance against someone as young and gorgeous as Hani?
“Well, we’re sure as hell thinking it now!” Fury exclaimed. “Where’s Coulson? Coulson, get over here!”
Stumped, Tony stared unseeing at the side of Steve’s neck, disbelieving. “You still want to court me?”
“I wasn’t with you when you went into labor,” Steve said bitterly. “What kind of alpha am I, when I can’t be by my mate’s side when he gives birth?”
Tony looked down on them, on their beautiful, perfect faces – content and half-sleeping even as they nursed the bottles with ferocious hunger. They were Steve’s kids alright. It broke his heart to leave them and Patrick behind, even for a short period of time.
Then, turning back toward Tony, “Never have I felt this loved. Thank you, Tony, for making this for me, and for accepting me as Spider-Man.” Peter leans up and kisses Tony gently.
“That I do, Captain. Now let’s feed our spiderling before he passes back out.” Tony steps up behind Peter and leads him to the table to sit.
“Good boy.” Tony says in a low growl with another nip to his ear chased with a sweet kiss, and it’s all Peter needs, as he shudders at Tony’s words in his ear and comes, finally rutting against Steve in front of him.
Tony almost shoves Peter into the passenger seat before racing around to get in himself.
“Please Steve, please Sir.” Peter begs as Steve halts his movement, but spreads his fingers wide inside him.
twice in 2 days.”
“Can I- Wow. Um, this is sure a surprise Pete. May I touch you?”
“Yes!” Peter cries, enthusiastic about his consent. Peter’s already rock hard and starting to twitch with just Steve’s tongue.
“Yeah, Baby, I can do that for you.” Tony pushes Peter’s hips away as he says, “Stand and strip Baby, just take it all off. Save the strip tease for next time.”
“You’d never interrupt, Tony, but I can do that if that’s what you want.” Peter leans down for another kiss before heading for the door, grabbing his bag off the floor as he passes, but turns and winks before he calls out, “FRIDAY, could you make sure that Tony eats before he tinkers today, please.”
“Hiya, Peter, ready to go?” Steve asks, unfazed by Tony’s actions.
They finish their cereal and move to the couch to wait for Steve. Peter’s just nodding back off, warm in a blanket and pressed up against Tony when he hears thunderous footsteps heading up the stairs. “Incoming,” Peter mumbles, which makes Tony look toward the door. It takes another 30 seconds for the door to fly open, and Captain America to step inside.
“Alright, fine it was, but it wasn’t supposed to explode. Sometimes science just happens like that!”
“Just keeping busy Pete, whatcha up to?”
“You’re a starfish? Is that a SpongeBob Gen Z thing I don’t understand?”
“No, I mean, not
“I woke up early and had to go to the bathroom. Your room is frigid compared to the warmth you put out, so I was going to grab a sweatshirt before starting coffee. I mean, I wasn’t looking for it if that’s what you mean.”
They finish their dessert with only a small amount of talking before heading out to the car. Peter does sit in the back with Tony and tucks himself under his shoulder, content to be snuggled on the drive home.
Peter wakes Tony from his nap on the couch with a forehead kiss and the crinkle of delivery sandwich wrappers that FRIDAY had ordered.
“Hey Steve, there’s all of the Fellowship students, let’s go over there next, yeah?” Peter hears Mr. Stark say to Cap from all the way across the room. “Sure Tony, but you’ve got to give your speech in like 2 minutes, so a quick hello is all you’ve got time for ok? And I’m not kidding this time. Pepper’s already giving me the stink eye.” Tony mumbles an affirmative answer as he veers over to Peter’s group on the way toward the stage.
“I like it too, kid. Sleep now, I’ll be here when you wake up,” Tony lays another few kisses on the top of Peter’s head as he breaths in the smell of his shampoo, before nodding off himself.
Peter shakes his head, arms crossed tightly in front of him, hugging himself.
“6:45. Get down here- right this minute, Peter Parker- and explain to me not only why you have a Spider-Man suit in the back of your closet, but why you are currently on the ceiling?”
“Thank you Peter, it’s actually Tony’s recipe, well Tony’s mom’s recipe to be precise. He makes a big pot of sauce every one in a while and we freeze it to use later.” Steve replies with a smile.
“Mmmm-” Tony replies sleepily, “He loves surprises. And is a huge cuddle monster after.”
Peter doesn’t reply for a long moment, shuddering against Tony with a low moan.
Walking in, Peter’s amazed at the difference one evening had made. From the mostly bare apartment that it had been, it looks almost homey now. Throw blankets and pillows on the couch, a painting in the hallway, a few metal parts strewn along the coffee table next to a mostly empty Stark Industries mug.
Unfortunately for Peter, the sudden awakening makes him not just jump out of bed in alarm, but jump
“So since you knew it was me that night at the reception, did you pick my building on purpose?”
With Peter moaning and squirming, filled with Steve in his mouth and full of Tony in his ass, his muscles start to shake as he tries to hold his orgasm, not wanting this to end. “I can’t give him more without getting up for the lube. Steve, wanna help him out?” Tony comments with a salacious grin. Steve smiles back, “Of course, here, get it slick for him?” Steve holds out his hand, fingers raised to Tony, who leans forward and licks, swirling his tongue around his palm. Steve caresses Tony’s cheek with his fingertips before reaching below Peter to grasp his dick firmly. It only takes a few pulls of Steve’s spit slick hand, along with Tony’s accurate fingers to send Peter over the edge. He cums almost silently, mouth still stuffed with Steve’s cock, before pulling off and resting his head on Steve’s thigh. Tony pets up and down his thighs and over his ass after pulling his fingers out of Peter, waiting for Peter to find his breath.
Steve reaches for Peter’s hand before continuing, “While we didn’t go looking for you, we weren't going to turn down the opportunity once we saw it was you. We just got extra lucky that you’re beautiful and smart as well.”
“What?!?”
Two days later Peter gets a text from an unknown number.
Peter’s voice stalls out as he hears his own thoughts. Peter looks up to the ceiling for a moment to find his voice before reaching with one hand to hold Tony’s cheek. “It's amazing, Tony. Not because you got it for me, something you bought for me, but because you
Peter feels Steve slide in another finger and start stretching him around Tony’s cock. By time Steve has three fingers in alongside Tony, Peter’s whimpering and groaning at every press into his body. Peter feels Steve’s fingers slide out and then his freshly lubed cock push in. Peter knows what he agreed to when he nodded at Tony, but this is just so much more. The feel of both Tony and Steve, moving together, in and around him is just-
Steve, who had finally caught up to then, stepped up behind Peter as he reassured Tony and gently kissed him on the cheek, “And that’s why we like you too, Peter. Alright, everyone in the car! Pete, front passenger side please.” Steve swipes the keys right from Tony’s fingers as he strides by. “I’ll drive, and Tony, your short legs can fit in the back.”
with the day. He literally ran into Captain America and couldn’t help but jump around Mr. Stark?
Peter giggles a little at their antics, both smiling at each other like a blown up kitchen is no big deal.
“It’s really great Tony, I didn’t know you could cook.” Peter says with a blush dusting the tops of his ears.
“What?” Tony replies, startled at the quick change of tone in the room.
“Mmm. Perfect,” Peter whispers as he kneels on the couch, crawling himself toward Tony’s lap and giving Steve a perfect view of his ass and bobbing dick. Peter slowly licks around the head of Tony’s cock before giving kitten licks down to his balls, gently sucking on them. Tipping his head so far down, Peter widens his stance on his knees and arches his spine to stay balanced. Peter feels a hand drag up his thigh, then Steve’s finger circles around his hole before Steve spreads his cheeks and licks a long stripe from his balls up over his pucker. Peter has a hard time focusing on Tony while Steve is teasing his fluttering asshole with his pointed tongue.
“What?” Tony questions as he spins around. Seeing Peter’s upset face, his softens. “No, Baby. I’m not mad at you. I mean, I’m concerned that you kept such a big secret from us and, Peter, I can do the math, you were just a
With Steve’s help, they all stumble down the hall to the bed, before falling into it, pressing Peter in the middle of the pile. Steve makes everyone take at least a long pull from the bottle before he pulls up the blankets and turns off his bedside table light. Peter’s asleep before Steve’s even turned back toward him.
“Thanks FRIDAY!” Peter says as he addresses the camera in the corner, before turning to Tony, “Level 17?”
Tony reaches for and holds Steve’s hand on top of the table. “We talked about it and decided that we wouldn't leave here until your semester was done and we could talk to you about where you wanted
The reply was almost instant.
Peter jumps, flipping midair to land lightly on his feet, barely making a thump, but startling Tony nonetheless.
“No.” Steve tucked a lock of hair behind Tony’s ear. “We’ll marry right after the coronation.”
The nervousness he’d felt earlier had evaporated, leaving behind a desperate need to feel Steve inside of him, to have his knot locked tightly inside, filling him to his breaking point.
“We would’ve burned to death; this was the safest option.”
“Do you ever want me to court you?”
“What are we doing here?” Tony muttered when a couple of nobles – alpha and beta and filthy rich from the looks of it – walked past them, glaring holes into their skulls. Bruce shrank in on himself and it seemed like his merger with the tapestry was about to be a success.
How much- Have you ever- Do you need-” Tony stumbled, trying to ask all of his questions at once.
Peter leans back into Tony’s space, almost touching noses and quietly whispers thank you before kissing Tony gently. Peter lingers for just a moment, before bouncing back to his spot on the couch, inspecting the large handful he is now holding.
Steve brings them all chicken soup and warm crusty rolls and lets Peter eat two bowls before clearing his throat and glancing at Peter nervously.
“Usually we’re at the tower and I just work until FRIDAY cuts me off or I nod off on a lab table.”
The last day of break, Peter finds Tony working on the motor for the elevator when he asks, “Tony, why are you disassembling the Elevator?”
Peter takes a deep breath and then lets it out in a torrent of fast, guilty words,“It’s not like I
“Boss’s heart rate is elevated, his blood pressure is reading higher than usual, but I detect no major impairments and no unusual brain responses. Perhaps you just shocked him?”
with us?”
Peter yawns as the credits roll on the fourth episode. Tony presses a kiss into Peter’s curls along with the pause button and comments, “Ya know, I was only partly kidding about the bed being cold. I really don’t
Steve kisses Tony first and then dips to kiss Peter again before commenting, “How about a date first? Let us treat you right Baby?”
At the sight of Tony’s grin, Peter clarifies, “Just for sleeping! I’m not kidding, mister, you keep your greasy pizza paws to yourself!”
“I will, Daddy. I’ll save it for him, and maybe you can watch next time.”
When Peter learned that he had been granted a Stark Fellowship to pursue his Masters degree, he had almost fallen over with excitement. He had graduated from Columbia that spring and had moved back in with Aunt May for the summer, taking a break from work and school for the first time in years. Peter had bolted from his room at May’s tone as she came in with the mail early July, to find a large packet from Stark Industries with his name on the front. Not only did the Fellowship cover tuition, private lab time and a generous food allowance, but it included a private apartment near campus, rent free, including utilities and everything.
“Yes to both actually.” Peter says with a yawn, starting to get sleepy again as his senses all try to return to their baseline.
“Speaking of how I like it, come for me, Pete, let me feel you ripple around me,” Tony commands. Peter reaches down and touches himself, only taking a few tugs to come all over Tony’s chest. Steve pauses his eager thrusts to watch Tony pick up a bit of Peter’s cum with his finger and feed it to back to Peter.
Visions of sweaty Steve from the gym mingle in his dreams with grungy tank top wearing Tony and Peter’s pretty sure that if the Fellowship didn’t pay for his utilities then his entire monthly stipend would be headed to his hot water bill for the amount that he’d been jerking off in the shower today.
Tony huffs out, “Only you could think of food at a time like this, when there’s physics to be done!”
Steve moves to sit both himself and Tony on the couch by Peter before continuing, “I found out a while ago now. After your disastrous first attempt at asking Peter to join us, I picked him up and startled him. He
Peter takes the moment that Tony’s gone to pull down 2 mugs, and pours one for Tony before doctoring his own. He hears Tony rounding the corner talking to someone before he can see him on the phone.
“Slow down, I gotcha.” Steve comforts him, as he presses one hand onto the small of Peter’s back and uses his other to line up, before slowly pressing in.
“This looks amazing, Steve. Thank you for making breakfast,” Peter says, as he sits and picks up the fruit bowl. He scoops some onto Tony’s plate, ignoring the grumbling, before taking some for himself.
“Dunno.” Peter pants, swaying back toward Steve’s body when his hand pulls back.
Tony holds Peter tightly against him until Peter pulls away, leaning in just enough to leave a smacking kiss on Tony’s lips, and then standing up. Completely self confident, Peter walks nude across the workshop floor to his backpack that he had dropped when they walked in. Rifling through one of the small pockets, Peter pulls out a dark read and blue swirled butt plug. Resting one foot on a chair, he bends forward, placing his loose hole directly in Tony’s sight. With a groan, Peter slides the large plug into place before standing and heading back toward his pile of clothes.
“I just like seeing it leak out of you, Tony’s gift. Don’t you want me to see it?” Steve taunts as he pulls out again. He doesn’t wait for a response from Peter before bending and licking his hole again. “Mmm.” Steve hums, “My favorite flavor. Tony sends the best gifts.”
“More!” Peter cries as he grinds down onto Tony’s hand.
Peter looks a little dumbfounded and Tony rushes to continue, “I mean, you are definitely welcome to stay with us in the penthouse, in our room or in one of the guest rooms, or there are different floors, the Avenger’s each have one, you could have whatever you want Pete, or you could stay here, the Fellowship will cover it for another few years anyway. Anything you want, Pete.”
Steve sets the bags down and starts pulling out the food as he continues, “I don’t mind coming to you actually. I know your work is important, but so is taking care of yourself.”
“Almost Baby, gotta lube you up here, hold on to me kid,” Tony says as he presses one slick finger into Peter but finds no resistance.
“And to think,” Tony starts, waking up a little from his daze with a salacious grin, “Our quiet little Peter Parker, an absolute minx. Steve is just going to freak the fuck right out when he finds out.”
Peter cries out as he slides right down to the root, never stopping to acclimate to Tony’s size.
“Is it a fancy Rubix Cube? It’s just a bit bigger, but it doesn’t seem to have any moving blocks,” Peter teases, as Steve finally moves himself off the floor and onto the cushion next to Peter, bracketing him in between them.
Raising his head, Tony stared at the door opening where Steve stood, holding a covered plate and a glass of water, a cloth slung over a shoulder.
They reverently removed his clothes and jewelry and rubbed his skin with scented oils - it’s sweet fragrance made his head spin. Tony couldn’t help but feel the gravitas of the moment when a woman came forth with what was basically a strip of cloth you could maybe call a loincloth, if you felt generous. It was sheer and flowing, deep maroon in color and Tony knew it wasn’t supposed to cover anything at all; its ability to entice and seduce the only reason it had ever been made.
“Tell me about it,” Sam muttered sullenly. “I still have bruises after the last time you forced me to spar with you.”
“You’re angry with me”, Steve states, a little unsure. “Why?”
“The feast,” Steve repeated. “You should come.”
Tony recoiled at the unexpected gesture and looked down to see a small package in Steve’s hand.
“We don’t need lubricant, I got plenty of that,” Tony laughed, charmed. He squirmed on the bed, managing to get his pants down to his knees, his cock springing free and slapping against his flat stomach.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, at length.
Tony revelled in the feel of Steve’s body under his clever fingers, as the tables were turned and he helped Steve pull his tunic and pants off; tickling caresses exploring the expanse of muscles bared to his hungry mouth. He marked Steve’s pale skin with damp kisses and sharp nicks, taking pleasure in the way Steve squirmed and moaned under him, loving the way this big, strong, alpha let Tony, an omega, take charge and lead them towards the endgame of mutual satisfaction.
“That’s not really my style,” Tony said, scornfully. “Submission has never been my thing, Steve.”
“Thank you,” Tony mumbled. “I’ve never gotten a gift before, and of course you have to put the bar too high from the start. No one’s ever gonna be able to top this.”
Tony couldn't help but snort. “I know, my bump is a big turn on for you.” He leered up at his alpha when a flush slowly rose up Steve’s neck. “Yeah, I’m on to you, your Majesty.”
Tony smiled back, pleased and flirty. “Consort Stark is so inclined, your Majesty. What did your Majesty have in mind?”
“I thank you, Lord Stone. I would like for you and I to leave business behind tonight and instead enjoy this feast my consort has prepared for us,” he says calmly, obviously pretending not to notice Stone’s triumphant smile or Hani’s smoldering eyes devouring his trim, handsome figure. If Hani doesn’t want into Steve’s pants, Tony will eat his gilded sandals.
Tony grinned up at her, teeth gleaming straight and white in the dim light of the room. “That will be all, Mistress Potts.”
Steve swore. “I’m going to kill that fucker.”
“Tony- “ Steve sighed. “Please.”
“In your twisted fucking dreams, Rumlow!” Stark shouted back. He relaxed when the guards disappeared around a corner. He looked down at the arm Steve still held across his chest, eyebrows raised.
“Where is everybody?” Bucky asked before Steve could.
“Look at yourself,” he orders in his softest voice. Tony refuses at first, just to be contrary. They both know he’d do anything Steve asked of him. At length, Tony does look at himself, gaze critically running over the scars littering his body, over the crow's-feet at the corners of his eyes, of the grey starting to creep into his beard.
Steve stared at him, mouth opening and closing but not a word uttered.
That shakes me within.
his first time and it didn’t seem to matter how much he had tried to tell himself it was nothing to worry about.
A secret smile curved Steve’s mouth. “That’s where you’re wrong, my love.”
Those eyes perused Steve slowly, something in them flashing by too fast for Steve to interpret, and then Tony smiled. It was soft and thankful and transformed Tony’s face into something that went beyond beauty and into the realm of fantasy. He was so striking that Steve felt dizzy.
“He and his aid made sure only my eyes would land on that paper.” Steve’s voice tugs Tony out of his own thoughts, and he misses Steve’s warm fingers when they fall away and his husband gets to his feet.
“Nearly frozen stiff but other than that I kinda feel better than I should,” Bucky shrugged.
“I think it went rather well, actually”, Steve says, hesitantly. He comes up behind Tony and touches his shoulders. Tony moves away sharply, out of his grasp. “What’s the matter?”
“I don’t think you want that, Tony,” Steve’s low, half-amused voice said.
“Pride is useless in a fight,” Thor laughed and reached out a hand to help Steve up. “Only bravery, quick feet and wits may help you when you meet a foe you have yet to best.”
Steve bent down to help Bucky to his feet, supporting him with an arm around his middle and Bucky’s arm slung over Steve’s shoulders. They moved out of the dungeon and came up in a wide, dimly lit corridor which was empty, save from the dead guard laying in a mangled heap some way down from the door opening and –
Though his brain was mostly filled with visions of Steve bending him over, mounting him and rutting into Tony’s willing body, Tony had to admire Steve’s sweet nature. How many alphas would refuse to touch an omega in Heat while they begged for a knot? Steve sure was tenacious, Tony had to give him that.
“He has,” Tony admitted.
Tony pressed a long and tender kiss to his lips. “I promise, alpha. I’ll always be careful and I’ll always come back to you. And if you decide to be stupid and get yourself killed; I’ll raise you from the dead so I can kill you personally.”
“You’re really not the type of alpha who chose to sit down at the tavern and drink ale while I was in childbed,” Tony remarked. “You’re a king and you were busy quenching an uprising. I’d say that makes you exempt from keeping vigil at my bedside.”
and Tony was left kneeling with his face against stone and cold air chilling his naked backside.
“That’s harsh.” Tony felt a twinge of pity for the big prince. Nobody deserve that kind of treatment. “What are you going to do?”
“Two - ,” Steve blinked. “You mean to tell me that my best friend mated two years ago and he didn’t tell me?!”
“I’ll always come back to you, Tony. I promise.”
“No,” Tony said around a groan of pain, tendrils of painful heat snaking out from the base of his spine and into the rest of his body. “I need you.”
“And I meant what I said, Steve. I don’t know how to submit so anyone; alpha, beta, another omega. It’s not in my nature.”
“What?” the twins yelled at the same time.
“By the power vested in me by the Gods I now pronounce you married. You may claim your omega,” Yinsen proclaimed and cut the Bonding cord with a small, ceremonial dagger.
The servant placed the object in Tony’s outstretched hands reverently and got a smile of gratitude in return.
“You are amazing,” he retorted breathlessly, wriggling when Steve’s dick slid against his balls, slick from his own, persistent arousal.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked. His fingers gently brushed away the damning evidence of Tony’s weakness.
“I’ll never hurt you on purpose,” Steve said, still angry. “Why are you acting like this?”
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about, of course,” Stone says hoarsely, slowly licking his lips when Tony presses their fronts together and his fingers creep up to stroke Stone’s cheek. He wants to keep Stone’s eyes on his face. “But-“ he starts, “I would always be glad so give your regards to Lord Stane, when I go back home.”
“Oh, my gods,” Tony groaned, cutting Steve off, “not those two again. What garbage have they filled the poor boy’s head with this time?”
“I just meant, earlier, that it was silly of me to think even for a second that you’d submit to me, just like that,” Steve explained quietly. “Your submission is a gift, Tony. Something I have to earn, by my words and my actions, not through assumption.”
?” Tony asked incredulously, making Thor laugh ruefully. What kind of moron didn’t want to marry a kind, handsome prince?
Had he?
Hani didn’t seem to be in a hurry to let anyone – alpha or beta – claim him. Steve and Tony weren’t about to force him when he clearly wasn’t ready. They were content to let Hani keep on teaching the kids; he was so far the only one who’d managed to last for this long.
Steve’s hands gently stroke the stretchmarks on his stomach, hand flattening over Tony’s still flat abs. “I see someone who has carried, nurtured and birthed life to three, wonderful children. These are the marks of someone who has made his mate the happiest man in the world, and who’s sacrificed his body for many months to make that happen. Someone who’s soon going to give me another wonder to take care of and love with all my heart.”
“Damn right.”
“You wouldn’t understand,” Tony mumbled petulantly and took a sip, glancing into the glass appreciatively. Wow, they really had the good stuff at shindigs like this.
“Gotcha,” he said to Patrick.
Tony stopped mid stride, a baffled expression on his face. He nailed Steve with a cold look so intense Steve’s whole body stiffened in response.
“Language,” Steve chided halfheartedly. It went ignored, which, fair. It wasn’t like Tony didn’t swear all the time.
“It means…” Steve reached to stroke his lower lip with a calloused thumb. “When you know, deep and true in your heart, that I’ll never willfully hurt you, you’ll give yourself to me wholly and trust that I’ll take care of you.”
Quick as a whip, before Pepper could reply, Tony swiveled to face Steve where he stood in the door. He felt the corners of his mouth strain from his no doubt dorky grin.
“I’m looking.”
Steve took the better part of Bucky’s weight, all but carrying him as they took off at a quicker pace than before. Steve’s body was screaming for rest, the tremble in his legs amplified by the shaking floor. Dust and small debris rained down on their heads, turning their hair an off-white and dulling Tony’s colorful armor.
Just as Tony was turning back at Steve, Fury barked at him, “You! You’re not completely useless, you’ll stay here.”
“What’s up with men?” Tony asked from behind them. They all turned to him, surprised.
Thor’s concerned face appeared in his field of view. “Did I hurt you, my friend?”
And that was just like his Steve: polite and kind to a fault. Tony hadn't seen that through the haze of his jealousy.
The blow came so fast, Steve had trouble seeing the alpha’s fist as he punched the omega right in the face. The omega went down like a bag of bricks and Steve moved before he knew what he was doing. In seconds he was on the bigger alpha, hitting him square in the jaw. He took the man by surprise and sent him reeling but he recovered fast, facing Steve with a growl. Steve growled right back and readied himself for an ugly fight but before he could do anything, Bucky was between them, holding out his hands.
“Duh. Everyone knows omegas are the best secret-keepers.”
Thor’s eyes tracked Steve and Loki’s steps with deep longing and sadness painted all over his face. “I have been in love with Loki since the first time my eyes lit upon him, but he refuses to even talk to me.”
Steve looks poleaxed, mouth hanging open as Tony rants on without pause.
They paused and while Bruce hunched his shoulders and kept his head lowered, Tony looked back at Steve, meeting his concerned gaze head on. His eyes were a rich honey-brown surrounded by long, thick, black lashes and Steve wanted nothing else than to drown in them forever.
Chuckling, Tony slumped into Steve even more, his head coming to rest on Steve’s shoulder. “I wanted to surprise you.”
“Why didn’t you stop me?” Tony hissed, nearly spilling the wine all over his red and yellow waistcloth. It was his best but you couldn’t tell from its threadbare state. Bruce’s wasn’t any fancier, though the green muslin really brought out the color in his hazel eyes. Even though the guards hadn’t even lifted an eyebrow when they’d entered, Tony didn’t think he’d imagined their judgmental stares, or the way some of them had sneered.
“Stern,” the alpha grunted. He didn’t seem convinced but Steve just kept smiling even as his blue eyes hardened and he almost glared at Stern through his grin.
“I’m really cranky in the mornings and I hate to be told what to do. I can be a bit stubborn, I won’t tolerate bullshit or kowtow to idiots and I absolutely refuse to cater to your every whim.”
Tony squawks and rears back, offended. “I do not snore!”
“Get Loki in here. He’ll take care of them while I’m gone.”
Without further ado, Tony removed the fabric with flourish.
“No!” Steve exclaimed, sounding both angry and hurt. “I think I would remember, you know, if I’d been invited to the Claiming, which I was not!”
“What? No.” The answer came so fast he didn’t even have to think about it.
- made his insides squirm in delighted happiness. “It’s ridiculous, but I’m a little anxious,” he confessed.
in his mind until he couldn’t think or feel a thing but what Steve gave him.
“Uh…” Tony glanced at the alpha – what was his name again? – “I-I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he hedged, trying to be diplomatic. The alpha wasn’t pleased and Tony could almost see the sum of gold he was promised go up in smoke.
“You sure seemed to appreciate him when he was plastered against you.” It’s a little acid, but fuck, this is Steve he’s talking to. If he can’t be caustic around him there’s no hope for them.
“Zola?” Tony asked. “Small guy, kinda looks like a rodent hiding in the bushes?”
“What’s that?” Steve grunted, hissing through clenched teeth when Tony squeezed his inner walls around the hard cock sliding in and out of him, hands planted on Steve’s firm pectorals for balance.
“I need to kill that bastard,” Bucky snarled through gritted teeth.
“You want to do the honors?” Steve asked Clint with a smirk.
Tony blinked in confusion. “What? Oh yeah, no, I just wanted to see how you’re doing?”
Finally, Tony deflates, breathing heavily with sweat running down his neck and back. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he whimpers. “Why didn’t you trust me?”
Thor nodded at them. “Loki. Isn’t he the most stunning man you have ever laid your eyes on?”
“I am!”
Tony chewed on his lower lip, ignoring the alpha who had hired him for the night when he huffed in impatience. “Well, it was good to see you, have a good night!”
“I’ll help Bucky, you go first,” Tony said.
“I told you to call me Tony,” Tony yelled after him.
“So what?” Steve said, somewhat surly. “What’re anyone going to do about it?”
“Yeah, see you.”
Their friends teased them mercilessly, but Clint bit off more than he could chew, when he’d tried to start a prank war and walked in on them in the middle of a passionate embrace. Serves him right, Steve thought smugly. He should’ve learned to knock before barging in.
Tony takes a step back, blinking. “You knew? You knew about his and Stane’s plans all along?”
“Who is this Tony you speak of?” Thor asked curiously. He stepped back when Sam knelt down to help Steve get his shin-guards off.
Tony shifted from foot to foot, impatiently waiting for Bucky to finish so he could rip Steve a new one.
Watching Tony – Tony, Steve thought, the name rolling around and filling him with a warmth he’d never felt before – unconcerned of his own injury and handling his fellow omega so softly, calming him and helping him up on shaking legs, Steve felt something he’d never experienced before. He’d heard tales about love at first sight but never thought they held much merit. Right then and there, Steve Rogers, crown-prince and future commander of armies, fell irrevocably in love.
The crass words make Tony feel sick. Stone’s oily voice and his hand on Tony’s leg worsening the nightmare he’s currently in. He can’t breathe. Tony needs air right now or he’s going to pass out. Without taking his eyes off Steve, Tony murmurs, “Excuse me, Lord Stone, I need to step away for a moment. Please, enjoy your night.” How the words come out steady and smooth Tony doesn’t know. He gets up and thinks he hears Stone mumble, “Oh, I already am” and quickly moves to the door behind the head table.
“You’re not stupid either, stop twisting my words!”
“What about Bruce?” Steve wanted to know.
“All the time,” Steve lied shamelessly. And damn him for that. Tony couldn’t call him out on his bullshit here, of all places. Being, y’know, royalty - Steve could get kidnapped - or worse - if anyone found out the crown-prince was strolling around the shadier parts of their city unprotected without any guards, for Gods’ sake!
“I didn’t get an opportunity. We’ve been in meetings all day and then there was this.” Steve motions to them and their room, but he smiles lovingly as he holds out a hand for Tony to take. “Although I’m generally not fond of all the pomp and splendor, I can't help but feel grateful for this time with you, when it’s just the two of us. Between negotiations and lords and whatnot, we’ve spent far too little time with each other lately.” Steve pulls Tony in for a long, deep kiss that ignites embers of arousal in the pit of his stomach.
Finishing off the braid, he makes fast work of securing the end with a cord and starts on the second.
“What harm could it do?” Steve wanted to know, gasping when Sam helped him loosen his leather cuirass and all the blows Thor had landed throbbed in a painful reminder of their existence.
Tony didn’t seem thrilled. Steve couldn’t blame him, he wasn’t either. Still, he insisted. “Yes. Come as my guest, I’ll make sure the guards will let you through.”
Thor nodded slowly and seemed to think it over. Outside, the crowd roared again and the thundering of hundreds of feet above them drowned out his response.
“How’re you feeling?”
Tony would never forgive Johann Schmidt for trying to start another upheaval so near Tony’s due date.
“I won’t make you tell me, Tony,” Steve promised solemnly. “The forge is yours to command as you wish. I can’t really claim I know much about forging; I’ll leave that to you.”
Steve had been more than happy to cater to Tony’s expressed whish of staying for a moment longer. He’d stood back after the introductions, smiling amusedly while Tony curiously hovered right behind their factory chief, Nick Fury, as he’d argued with the chief-engineer, James Rhodes, and Happy, the foreman, about calculations or something of that nature. It’d flow right over Steve’s head but from what he could understand, the catapult wasn’t working as it should.
And like the kind, considerate alpha he was, Steve did.
when he asked for a dance. Not before hell froze over.
“Hey Tony.”
Surrounded on all sides by wafting smoke and fallen soldiers had them suspended in a temporary respite from the fighting and it allowed Steve to hear Tony’s exasperated snort.
“Should we wait before getting married?” Tony asked, chin propped up on his arms, which were in turn folded over Steve’s muscular chest.
for him, that they didn’t make sense together.
“I do,” they promised simultaneously.
“Oh fine, if you insist, alpha.”
Steve’s laugh was self-deprecating. “I’m nobody special, Tony. Not tonight. Right now, we’re just Steve and Tony.”
Tony froze as hope surged through him. Steve! Steve was here! More tears streamed down his face, this time out of relief and gratitude.
Steve slowly looked at his son with a stern frown creasing his forehead. “Would you like to say that to my face, Patrick?” he asked, tone calm but with a hint of warning. His eldest shook his head silently. “Who’s put that kind of nonsense in your head?”
Steve makes an amused sound. “I’ve known you for far too long to believe that, my love. You,” he reaches out to hold Tony’s chin between calloused fingers, “always have something on your amazing mind. That’s one of the things I love most about you.”
“Just that I’d get the opportunity to have as many omegas as I wanted, only if I gave Lord Stone the aforementioned strip of land.”
“Yes.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile in commiseration. “Yeah, that’s rough. Maybe we should switch?”
“Harem.” Steve snorts derisively. “Even if I had one, what would I do with it?” He’s silent after that, letting Tony finish the second braid and start weaving the third and final one. Tony’s never been one for quiet, but he can’t help but enjoy this tranquil moment, the pause from their daily responsibilities too precious to waste on arguing. It seems like Steve enjoys it too, because he sits quietly while Tony works and tries to push the rising sense of dread down and not let it overtake his thoughts completely.
Never in a million years would he let what others said dictate his choices, be they words of Gods or men.
The alpha, Rumlow apparently, growled and made a move to hit the omega again, but the guards had arrived and apprehended Rumlow before he got far. The Guard Captain glanced at Steve. They weren’t royal guards but recognized him nonetheless.
“There’s been some mixed signals, but as far as I can see, you want this. You want this as much as I do.” Tony says as he grips Peter’s hips with both hands now.
“I just missed you kid, and I thought that maybe if you had any questions then I could answer them? Steve’s not home, he’s a little upset with me for ‘not being an adult and having an actual conversation’ with you. Can I come in?” Tony looks hopeful, but rushes on to fill the silence, “I mean, I won’t if you don’t want, I’ll go away and leave you alone if that's what you’d prefer, I mean it would kill me to not see you anymore, but I can leave. Yeah, I’ll go, sorry..” Tony turns to leave at the still, unmoved, seemingly uninterested face that Peter was still sporting.
“I love you both, too, and I’m definitely moving into your home, and into your bed, and onto your team. You’re exactly what I want."
“Peter. Earlier, when you were a little blissed out - I did something that you might have not been comfortable with, without asking you. I’m sorry that happened, and I’ll make sure to have a conversation with you about our limits before we fall into bed together next time.”
Tony starts showing up at his lab twice, sometimes three times a week. Lab time is usually followed with supper. Sometimes take out, sometimes Steve would cook. Sometimes Steve is there but more often now, it’s just Peter and Tony.
“Don’t rush him, Tony, I’m sure that when Peter’s comfortable- oomfph.” Steve’s lecture is cut off by Peter launching himself at Steve, and yanking down Steve’s head to kiss him quickly before the doors of the elevator reopen.
“Hot,” Tony calls from the couch with a smirk. “Little kinky, though, thought you were trying to make a good impression on the kid.”
“Woah...” Peter breaths out, as he looks around with wide eyed wonder clear on his face.
Peter wakes to a loud knocking on his door. Well, it started as a knocking but now was almost pounding. Tipping his phone up to see the time, he groans and stretches, feeling two things that have to happen before he can even think about the door. Peter slowly stands and wobbles his way to the bathroom, stopping only briefly to yell, “Just a minute!” at the door. Bladder empty, now he can focus on his equally empty stomach. He quickly grabs a protein bar and swings open the door while taking a huge bite.
Steve gave a pained sound, eyes squeezing shut when they started to prickle with tears. He was out of options, had never really had them to begin with. Bucky was right. They were trapped with no way out and Gods knew what plans Schmidt had in store for them. Steve recalled Schmidt telling a minion something about the breeding chambers.
“How do you know?” Tony shoots back, just as stumped. Steve’s arms relax enough for Tony to turn around, his wide eyes colliding with Steve’s stunned face.
“Ah, I apologize for that.” Thor grimaced and gently patted Steve on his back. “The heat of the fight got the better of me and I didn’t hold back my blow.”
Your breath on my neck
“No,” Bucky objected tersely. “If it wasn’t for Schmidt being a bag full of dicks, none of us would’ve been there. Your father should’ve hung that bastard when he had the chance.”
“I’ll send a bird as soon as it’s safe and then you can come home,” Steve corrected, steely.
“You’re a lot better at it than Clint,” Steve had to admit, making Tony smile wider and lean in for a kiss.
“No need, I’ll be back in a flash.”
Tony suspects Stone must’ve spent hours repeating and preparing both his speech and the theatrics, because the timing is too perfect. In the pause Stone makes, the aid returns with the unknown probably-omega. The hall is silent as the pair makes their way up the path in the middle of all the tables, stopping beside Stone in front of where Steve and Tony sits, side by side. The lord takes the chain fastened to the collar around the omega’s throat with a sharp and shark-like smile.
The Heat was climbing to unbearable levels, rendering Tony speechless as it tore through him like a volcano erupting in the pit of his stomach. He ached all over, the scent of slick soaking the very air they breathed. Steve growled, low and pleased, and with the toy slowly sliding into him, Steve helped Tony to completion. Over and over and over for the next, three days
Tony did, far too vividly. “That’s not fair.”
“I accept this gift,” Steve said with a shaky voice. “I thank my mate for his consideration.” The traditional words rang hollow and niggles of doubt crept into Steve’s mind. Would his own gift measure up?
Steve and Clint laughed again when Peter smiled deviously with tears still running from his eyes.
“Put him in a cell and keep him there. I think he needs to cool his head for a while,” Steve ordered when they were done.
Stone gives an enraged sound, his voice garbled when it comes out, “You broke my fucking nose you fucking- “
Tony loved every second of it, raising his hips to meet Steve as best he could, encouraging moans echoing around their bedroom whenever Steve slowed down in his ardent worship of him, shouting praise to the Gods and whoever else was listening, as he wound his legs around Steve’s pumping hips, clamping tight and holding on.
“That’s not fair,” Peter complained
“I’m sorry,” Steve said when they’d walked for a long while.
He’d seen Tony’s ingenuity when it came to weapons, from his shop, and from watching him work in the forge – red, glowing iron taking shape beneath each hammer-strike and slowly transforming into wonders only Tony could see, before Steve’s awed gaze. Tony had however revealed his true colors when visiting the castle’s war factory.
“Sam! You’re my only hope!” Tony begged loudly, flailing a hand in the air. “Behead your King, at once!”
“Uh-huh,” Tony nodded. “Really, really. For real.”
“Yes, you certainly are” Tony breathed, shivering when heat speared through him, as Steve’s scent grew sharper, muskier, and his cock twitched against Tony’s, making them groan and close their eyes in bliss. Steve’s hands didn’t stay idle, where they rested on Tony’s hips, slowly sliding underneath the waistband of Tony’s loincloth, scalding hot against his lower back, fingers grazing the top of his buttocks.
Steve frowned. Huh. That was interesting, considering he felt the exact same way. He made a mental note to ask Bruce to examine his blood later.
Steve holds his arm out for Tony to take, leading him towards the banquet hall and the feast awaiting them.
“Rhodey did. He thought it would be a good idea to lessen your workload seeing as you’re eight months pregnant,” she said archly with a pointed look at Tony’s stomach.
“You were the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen; the alpha was growling and demanding you step aside and let him get his omega but you refused. You spat in his face and told him to stop justifying his need to abuse his mate just because he had a small dick.”
His thoughts stuttered to a stop when Steve’s cock moved inside of him, sliding back and forth ever so slightly, alerting him to the fact that he didn’t feel quite as full as before.
“Well, it’s not like he’s wrong,” Clint pointed out with a shit-eating grin.
“You want us to get Steve for you, Tony?” Clint asks and Tony shakes his head.
“Hush now, omega, and let me love you,” Steve says playfully with a lascivious leer.
“I know, but I’m not above using that to get you away from here.” Tony closed his eyes and rested his forehead against Steve’s collarbone.
“You look…” Steve trailed off, seemingly at a loss.
“What?” he asked, just to be sure.
Steve gaped at him, Bucky looking just as flabbergasted.
“It didn’t cost me that much,” Steve shrugged with an alarming disregard for valuables and their worth. “Nothing at all, in fact. Well, except for a screaming match with my father.”
Time passed slowly, each second creeping closer to what Steve thought was morning, and a new round of torture. He didn’t really consider his own wounds, which should’ve hurt more than they did. He also didn’t really think about the lack of infection, or how he felt stronger than he should have considering that the scraps of food they were given wasn’t nearly enough to sustain him normally.
He left his befuddled children in his wake to find Tony and tell him to cancel all of their meetings for the rest of the day. Steve found him in the chamber off the throne room, up to his elbows in documents and blueprints with Pepper hovering beside him, a harried expression on her face.
Deflating at Tony’s small voice, Steve sighs heavily and nods “Yeah I did. Nat’s contact sent me the intel last week.”
“Looking forward to it. Go.” Releasing Tony was one of the hardest things Steve had ever had to do, his arms ached to have him in them as soon as he stepped away. Tony looked at him for a long moment before giving a short nod.
Tony wailed when his climax slammed into him out of nowhere, with the force of a ballistic spear, vision blurring, no sound able to reach him as he was drowned and lost in a vast ocean of pleasure. He dimly registered Steve’s voice rising into a roar of triumph and wetness filling him along with the knot swelling anew, but it was all background noise at that point, not important enough to try and rouse any kind of coherence for.
“Would your Majesty do the honor of giving me the night’s first dance?” Hani asks breathily when dinner is over and tables cleared and moved further back to make room. Steve slants a glance at Tony, who acquiesces with a nod and the fakest smile he’s ever given.
“Sam and Nat are on that. We didn’t find Schmidt but that dick can suck himself and choke on it. We prioritized finding our men over him and I’ve been looking for you two.”
“Damn,” one of the alphas breathed. “Look how wet he is, he’s just asking for an old-fashioned knotting.”
“I’m not in love with Steve,” Tony all but whined. What was with people today?
“Do you swear to protect and provide for Omega Stark, for as long as you shall live?”
How could Tony deny him?
“Um… Tony?”
Bucky nodded patiently. “I have it, don’t worry.”
arm.”
He takes a step to the side and lets Natasha and Bucky pass him when they come up from behind. “Take Lord Stone to see our physician and then escort him and his following to the border. I don’t want them to get lost on their way home.”
“Yeah, I know,” Steve sighed.
“I looked at that small, lonely omega and I could only think of you.” Steve’s voice is so soft and he slides his hand around the back of Tony’s neck, fingers brushing the bonding-mark there, making Tony shiver.
“Nothing, alpha,” Tony demurs and lowers his lashes to send Steve a coquettish look from underneath them.
“Yeah,” Tony choked, shifting minutely on the length splitting him wide, getting a feel for it. Sparks of pleasure bloomed when Steve hit his prostate perfectly, and he moaned lowly. “Better than good.”
“Why didn’t we take a closer one then?”
Tony opened his eyes, nose wrinkling in confusion. “What’s wrong?” he asked, hands stroking Steve’s muscular shoulders lovingly.
“I know, you’ve done it before,” Steve goused.
Tony stared hard into Steve’s angry eyes, gearing up to keep arguing when the anguished glint in them pulled him up short. Steve was livid, for sure, but Tony could see how hard he tried to mask the fear fueling his actions in this moment.
It’d taken some time for people to get used to the new laws Steve had changed, especially when some omegas wanted to join the army before anything else. Steve hadn’t been the only alpha strongly opposed to the mere idea, despite how progressive of a man he’d been and still were. Some things just weren’t done, he’d argued with a tortured expression when Tony had yelled at him about it.
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered reverently. “I could look at you all day, every day for the rest of my life and never grow tired of the sight of you.”
“They cut it off,” Bucky told him bluntly. “Where’s Zola? I have business with him.”
They remained quiet while they waited for him, for which Steve was thankful. The long weeks filled with torture – physical and mental – worrying about his men and crippling guilt eating away at his conscience had taken a greater toll on him than he’d thought. Add in Tony giving birth to twins and discovering he’d had missed it was the icing on a truly, shitty cake and the guilt weighed even heavier on Steve
It was hard to get his bearings and make out the difference between friend or foe. He’d lost sight of Bucky long ago; Clint and Natasha were no longer by his side and Steve felt a swell of panic rise in his chest.
“Guys!” Bucky called impatiently.
“I’m not going anywhere!” Tony hissed hotly. “I can’t leave when Schmidt is basically standing on our threshold.”
“Shut up, both of you,” Steve grumbled.
“Yes. I’m yours, Steve.”
Tony pretends to be offended a few more seconds then rolls his eyes and lets himself fall from Steve’s hold down onto the bed, arms outstretched and a big smile curving his mouth.
“Too what?” Bucky prodded, the little shit he was. He looked at Steve as he spoke, obviously reveling in Steve’s misery. Fucking jerk.
Tony said that she got it from Steve. They’d agreed to disagree in the topic for the sake of household peace. Peter had it too, but unlike the other two, he was more diplomatic and always stayed out of their arguments. He would make his points when everyone had calmed down and could listen properly.
“Oh, thank the Gods!” Tony yelled when he was close enough for Steve to reach out a trembling hand and grip Tony’s shoulder. His fingers clutched the red fabric just as hard as he’d held his shield. Tony winced; his face soot-streaked and bloody.
“In what world do I – a poor commoner – get invited to a feast at the castle and get to dance with a foreign prince?” Tony had to laugh and shook his head. “Unreal. I can’t imagine what Steve was thinking. I don’t belong here.”
“Then why did you fucking leave me in the first place, if you’re so afraid I’ll jump down the first, available alpha’s pants huh? Your place is by my fucking side but you chose to go around the dancefloor with that little-“
“I’ll just wait here then!” Bucky said loudly as Steve jumped the nearest man, bashing him in the back of the head with the shield. Tony made quick work of another and together they finished the men off before they knew what had happened.
It had finally opened Steve’s eyes and made him realize that even if omegas were free to do as they pleased in other aspects of their lives, true freedom hadn’t been granted to them before they could also decide if they wanted to help defend their country or not. Steve had signed the law with tears in his eyes, mind undoubtedly filled with horrible images of Tony dead in a war somewhere, but he’d done it anyway, so that Tony and every other omega could truly rule over their lives the way they saw fit.
“How long have you known?” Steve choked out through gritted teeth with tears sliding down his cheeks. He didn’t care. He was so happy he could burst with it.
He just needs a second to gather his composure. If he can bury his bruised, bleeding heart under pragmatism and facts, maybe it can’t hurt him anymore. Tony has always waited for the other shoe to drop. For over twenty years, he’s prepared himself for this possibility, and now when it’s here, it’s so much harder to be reasonable than he thought.
Tony’s grin softened into a small, shy smile. He pressed a tender kiss over Steve’s heart. “I don’t think anyone could’ve missed it; you’ve argued loud enough to make yourself heard even in Asgard.”
“What for?” Tony didn’t really understand the need for the apology. If all their fights would end like this one, Tony wanted to fight Steve each day, probably every hour or so, for the rest of their lives.
It was a little snug around his waist right now though, thanks to the baby growing inside of him. When Steve looked at him and thought about their unborn child, something inside of him rebelled. Before Tony could move, Steve had his arms around him, hugging him tightly.
“And you still went and flirted with another omega in front of me?” Tony wants to shove the words back down his throat. That was not something to focus in right then and there, but Tony’s brain to mouth filter was apparently malfunctioning.
Tony freezes in the middle of fastening a band of three, interwoven gold chains around his throat, more of a choker than that of a traditional collar.
As lousy as his father had been, he’d sometimes said things that Tony had taken to heart. Even if he’d been a big asshole, those small pearls of dubious wisdom were sometimes the only thing saving Tony in awkward situations.
Tony had obeyed Steve’s order – he traveled to Asgard with Clint and he’d stayed put for the last two months. He’d grown tired of waiting after the first day and now he’d just about had it. If it wasn’t for Nat’s missive, Tony probably would have gone home the next day. As it was, with Steve missing and Brooklyn momentarily left without its king, Tony supposed there was only one thing left to do.
Tony has never felt as invisible in his entire life, and he is an omega and used to being ignored on the best of days.
Tony turns his back and walks into the bedchamber.
“Bucky!” Steve shot up from his pallet, hands grabbing the bars so hard his knuckles whitened. “What have you done to him? Bucky! Bucky, can you hear me?”
“That’s really interesting,” Bucky said dryly. “Please, tell me more while I’m freezing my ass off on the ground!”
“Uh, hey-hi-hello,” the prince stammered with a blush slowly creeping up his neck. It was fucking adorable. Tony loved it.
“Shit, shit, shit!” Tony hissed as he tried to unlock the door with shaking fingers. “Fucking shit!”
“You’re an asshole,” Patrick told his brother sulkily while getting to his feet with an annoyed expression.
“Making love to you,” Steve hummed, teeth flashing in a savage smile when Tony bared his neck with a mewl of pleasure. “I figured,” he whispered, bending down to nose at the nook beneath his ear, “that if we’re gonna fight, we can skip the fighting and go right to making up. I’ve heard it’s the best part.”
“I haven’t done anything wrong!” Rhia argued vehemently.
“Tony!” Steve calls out. He doesn’t stop; he can’t face his mate right now. The dagger he didn’t have to use feels heavy in his hand and when Tony stomps into his sitting room he throws it, with great satisfaction, into the wall. It slams into it with a loud clang and clatters to the floor.
