"No?“, John asked. He shouldn’t be surprised to be turned down by a man like that. After all he was just too handsome and way out of John’s league. Hell, at least he had tried, right? Now he didn’t have to lay awake at night, thinking What if?!
Sherlock would be proven to be right. After their first Sunday spent in their bedroom, and afterwards on their sofa to watch crap telly, it started to become some sort of habit. Soon enough, every Sunday started to look like this.
John cleared his throat. “Hm? Oh, yeah, I’m fine! Yeah ... just ... fine!“ He still had that manic expression on and it seemed to get even worse, cause now the corner of his mouth began to twitch. “Isn’t it just great, that after two years of NOTHING, my best friend actually came back on the one day that for once was supposed to be not about him?!“ John had screamed the middle of that sentence and was now scooting back his chair roughly and moving to stand right in front of Sherlock. The restaurant has gone awfully quiet and Sherlock could feel hundreds of eyes following the scene right in the middle of it all.
“Now now, none of that, John!“, Sherlock tutted. “I won’t do anything you would disagree with and I could certainly never harm you!“, Sherlock’s voice sounded indignant, as if he couldn’t fathom how John could ever believe Sherlock would hurt him.
"You don't need to be embarrassed Sherlock, you look lovely like this!" John grinned and placed his hand on Sherlock's heated face.
He sat like that for a little eternity, until he calmed himself down a bit and the tears finally stopped. He looked up at the white letters again and straightened his back. When he started talking again, his voice was all but a whisper.
He didn‘t want to think about the fall today. He came to Sherlock’s grave to talk to him. To tell him something. His right hand clenched and unclenched as he looked at his own reflection in that black stone. He looked awful, leaning onto his cane, big black bags under his eyes, crinkles on his pale face. He looked so old.
Overcome by a sudden surge of courage, John finally asked: "Hey, would you maybe want to get coffee sometime?“
John tried not to be too eager, once he spotted the beautiful black curls behind a short, but remarkably big woman on the elevator.
”I wonder if you’d be just as filthy if someone else was watching. Would you show them how horny it makes you to be watched? Would you be a little slut for them like you are now?”
Sherlock spat the last word in disgust. He had gotten John where he wanted him. Outraged, in need to defend himself, but unable to ignore the truth. He knew it was true what Sherlock was saying and now he wouldn't be able to ignore it any longer.
Sherlock               Breaking away I finally smile, nodding, "It seems Mycroft was correct in many things after all."
Greg                      "Uh, yeah, a bit. He was saying some strange shit with the fever he had last night though." I say softly as I perch on the stool, putting my hands around the glass of water that Mycroft had been sipping from.
Greg                      I had always found Mycroft interesting and living with him was easy, cooking for someone gave me purpose again and what he'd said last night had started to give me back who I was before the divorce. I put some bread in the toaster and wiped my tired face leaning against the worktop. He'd just blame it on the fever.
Mycroft                 My heart fluttered when he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer. I sighed happily, my hands moving back to his shoulders and pulling my lips away from his. I rested my forehead on his, my eyes closed, my breathing ragged.
Mycroft                 I watched for a moment as Rosie tried diligently to paint Greg's fingernail, getting more on his finger than on the nail. "Yes, I think I can help, Rosie," I smiled, taking his hand in mine and smoothly applying the polish.
Peter Harkness    “Absolutely, there’s a great grill around the corner if you wanna walk and stretch your legs a bit?” I suggest, noticing he’d become a bit...sad maybe? Since emerging from meeting with Mr. Holmes. Tread lightly I reminded myself.
As am I. I also need you to tell me how close Mycroft was to Ms Smith too. I know he's holding something from me. GL
Greg                      "You made me feel like just because I was drunk, I was sleeping with you out of self-pity and like I didn't have any self-respect. You made me feel so stupid and small." I searched his face for a minute, taking a sip of coffee and then spoke. All while keeping his eye and I didn't want to finish his sentence.
Greg                      I pulled back when his hand started running up my thigh, I tried not to freeze, instead moving down onto the floor to kneel between his knees. Now he couldn't feel what I was packing, and I could pleasure him as much as I wanted.
Sherlock               My brows almost fly up and off the top of my head, lost in my slightly shaggy fringe for a moment before I compose myself, "I would like that. Though I worry you'll be disappointed with the results."
Greg                      "I'll head to my room and then maybe save the sights or just go out for dinner. I'm not exactly the one to go stupid the first night in a new place." I said as I stood slowly and hated the thought of going out with Peter.
Mycroft                 "For defending my honor from that idiot," I grinned. "He was coarse, but harmless. Not even interesting." I ran my thumb along Greg's jawline.
James Morgan      Turning to look at the open door I see Holmes. He's immediately followed by his bloody bodyguard. "No! This needs to happen. Something has to change". Fumbling through Peter's set keys I finally find the one that works, and the trunk pops open.
Two things so far. My brother told me to check the emails to the former security chief. He was an idiot. He makes Anderson look like a shining example of detective ability -SH
Mycroft                 I nodded, my eyes focused on reading the letter in my hand. "This letter is from an... associate... of Willa's. Not long after she... "
Mycroft                 "My niece is very observant," I smiled softly at Greg. I looked at the pictures. "I'm sure all the girls chased after you," I winked.
Mycroft                 I level Greg's pistol at James carefully. I see a momentary look of panic, then calm, cross Greg's face. I take careful aim at the part of James' shoulder just visible near Greg's, and squeeze the trigger. My ears are ringing from the blast, and I see that both James and Greg are on the ground. I drop the gun and run to the pair.
Greg                      I explained a few things about who everybody was, just letting him soak in the first episode and we finished off the sandwiches without problem. I finished off the pot of tea and slowly dropped off just as the second episode was getting good.
Mycroft                 I ignored Sherlock's sloppy eating habits. "But you never had someone hit you with a barrage of peas shot rapid-fire through a straw. I think you would understand my dislike of them if you had."
James Morgan      "I prefer to call them tools of social lubrication.  When was the last time you did shots?"
Greg                      I took a deep breath and grabbed the nearest thing to me, which was a small chair and Mycroft was half-awake and half-asleep so I leaned against the wall to listen to whoever was in the living room. I couldn’t make out what they were saying.
Greg                      "Smooth. and the girls hardly chased after me." I then let the grin bloom for Mycroft and I immediately grabbed the photos of Adrian when he was a toddler and in dungarees. He had a bowl cut and looked very grumpy.
Sherlock               Jerking, I raise my hand to the back of my head, staring after Lestrade in stunned amazement, "You hit me.... wait!" Grabbing the paper bag containing my honey I race after Lestrade, attempting to regain my dignity, not realizing my hair is raised at the back of my head now in a pronounced quaff.
Greg                      "Are you sure that's what his assumptions were? Sherlock is the last person I'd expect for telling you to give up the cigarettes." I smirked as I continued eating quite happily and part of me was trying not to get too ahead of myself. He wasn't off his head from a fever or medication at the moment, so I could trust what he would say.
Mycroft                 I took another swig of the coffee, burning my tongue by not caring. "I asked him to dinner to discuss investigating Ms. Smith's death, so I assume we did so," I pointed to the file laying open on my desk. "He is aware you are also involved, of course. You may wish to call him to best coordinate your efforts." I winced at the sound of my own voice.
Mycroft                 I had a quick washup, changed into my pajamas, and climbed into bed, staring at the ceiling. I closed my eyes, and relaxed, letting my mind wander. I imagined Greg beside me, his strong hands gently stroking over my chest, tracing freckles as his hand drifted lower, his lips against my neck. I let out a soft moan.
Greg                      My eyes searched his face and my heart oddly sunk where he couldn't think of a reply. "Excuse me..." I muttered as I let go of his hand and got up, heading for the toilets to have a breather for a minute.
Greg                      I hear the door shut and I put down my book, rubbing my face with both hands and it was horrible to have Mycroft snarl at me like that but I knew it was just with the situation he was in. It was a horrible time to give up smoking and I took to chewing a piece of the helping gum I'd found.
Mycroft                 I just about choked on my coffee, and hoped that the redness in my face would be blamed on the ensuing coughing fit, not my embarrassment. "From the mouths of babes," I glared at Sherlock.
Greg                      "That she was lying to us about who was there with Ms. Smith and what happened. The Russian flower that Sherlock found, Ms. Smith had ordered the chef to put in her guest’s food, but Nina swapped the bowls around when she worked out what was going on." I began cautiously.
Sherlock               There's a bit of a commotion from the direction of the kitchens, someone yelling in French and the sounds of heavy things being thrown
Greg                      "It does take a lot out of you and you guys know I'm always around to take a shift if you need some sleep or just want to do something together with Rosie." I shrugged as I had nothing better to do.
Sherlock               The coffee cup is almost crushed between my hands with impatience and as soon as Lestrade gives the nod I'm leaning across the table, snapping, "As head of security you're supposed to be in charge of her health and wellbeing, including meal times. I've seen the extensive documents she sent you about what she expected from you. So how come she died from anaphylaxis?"
Sherlock               "Of course." My smirk grows, "In the end he was just a petty criminal who couldn't shoot straight, couldn't blow up a sitting target and couldn't even give me a proper black eye."
Greg                      "I don't want her knowing that. It's an invasion of privacy and all the lube, sex books, dildos for God’s sake. We don't need all that and she doesn't need to push so hard." I say as I sit down and rub my face with both hands, stressed out that even Mycroft knew now what my package was like.
Greg                      "We need to find him and question him first. And you need to calm down." I gulped as I kept my hands together, trying not to let him see my composure had lost its calmness from his rage.
Mycroft                 "I have spent most of my life seeing emotions as a weakness, something to exploit. I had to guard closely against them. The one time I didn't... well..." I trailed off. "You are far braver than I am."
Greg                      "Not really. We kind of just met through friends, went out on a couple dates and then that was it. She was living with me and I think we got married a year after we first met." my face was now more somber, my shoulders shrugging.
Greg                      "We didn’t know this was going to happen Sherlock but he's where he needs to be right now." I chew on my lip, ending up sitting on the floor against the dead end of the wall watching doctors and nurses speed past for the next 4 hours.
Greg                      "Yeah, we're gonna have dinner now Rosie. Carbonara." I smiled as I picked her up and Mycroft seemed relieved to sit down, a couple pillows on one of our chairs so she could sit above the table a little to eat.
Greg                      "Yeah... Well I'm not here as some sort of pet or to be used as a fucking rug like I am at home." I said to his eye and made it clear that I was just going to be his head of security.
Greg                      "Let's have a look. It's alright, uncle Greg will take the pain away." I said softly as I moved from the worktop and picked Rosie up so she could sit on the small kitchen island. I looked over at Carlton to see if he'd seen what it was.
Mycroft                 "I'm sure she was wrong," my voice hardly more than a whisper. I had seen how Lestrade dealt with Sherlock, and knew that he was guided by his heart, and his career was a secondary matter. Unconsciously, my hand moved to cover his.
Greg                      "Tell me when you're close." I leant down to kiss down his neck, leaving marks of my own to repay him for the ones he'd left. I used my free hand to pop open to the top of the lube bottle and fumbled around to get some on my hand, all while stroking Mycroft and keeping an eye on his reactions.
Sherlock               Swinging back around I shake my head, gesturing at the kettle, "But the tea John, the tea!" My eyes gleam with rather evil glee, falling on my brother. "Mycroft needs to look pretty also."
Mycroft                 I am struggling to keep a straight face, as this is a very serious conversation to Rosie. But really, I want to crawl away and hide.
- Additional armed security will be arriving momentarily. Some will be visibly patrolling. Other remain hidden. Would you like one stationed inside?
Mycroft                 "Get her cleaned up and changed. Then come to the kitchen and we'll talk." I said in a kind but firm tone.
"God you're amazing!" Sherlock couldn't stop the flush that spread over his face. It was ridiculous that he still reacted this strongly to John's compliments.
Sherlock opened the door further in invitation and then turned his back to the door, aiming for the kitchen.
Sherlock took one last drag of his cigarette and then made his way back up to the flat. His steps were heavy with the decision he had just made.
Sherlock               Hopping to my feet, I gesture with the clipboard, beaming at my brother, "I'll go and drop this paperwork in, pack you up and we can be off. I'll text Anthea to send a car to pick us up."
Greg                      "Had a nice steak and then came back here to read through some emails from back home.. I'm guessing this was from your chat last night with Sherlock?" I nodded to the smashed glass and looked up at him again when I stood. I knew what he was trying to do.
John                      “You’ve heard me? Masturbating?” I flush again, climbing on to the bed next to him. I prop myself on the pillows.
Greg                      I roll my eyes and put my hands on my hips, waving for the chefs to get back to work. "That's what they were trying to say. That's why they were trying to stop you." I explained.
Peter Harkness    “Ah a cricket man! You Brits and your thick bats” I chuckle with a slight elbow nudge to his. “I think you get all the TV channels imported via satellite inside the embassy but good luck finding it on any bar TVs elsewhere.”
Sherlock               My head tilts very slowly to the side by a few degrees, "It was interesting to catalogue your noises but it will be better to actually watch you. Please?"
Greg                      "Myc is fine Rosie. He might just need some lunch once we finish dress up." I laugh as we went into her room and where I was dressed up as a doctor, Mycroft had been given the princess tiara and wand. It was adorable.
Greg                      "I didn't think one came here by themselves... not a place this swanky, anyway.  How's it going?" I asked as I calmed down and put my hands back into my pockets.
Greg                      "I just. I dunno, I just reckon it was the fever talking to rather than his own will. Especially with how he's been with me since I've been in the house." I sip from the water and meet his eye.
Sherlock               Nodding, I slink into the slight shadows outside my brother’s office and rooms, keeping watch on the entrance carefully
Greg                      "What did you and Sherlock talk about when I was having a run, by the way?" I ask as I get out a few plates and start putting a bit of rice and chips on my plate along with the chow mien. I had a feeling he was watching my food intake too.
Mycroft                 "I did a small load of laundry, nothing more," I held my hands up in mock surrender. "And I've hardly used my left arm at all. It was already a bit sore, and I didn't want to chance it. But I have to do something..." I whined a bit. I plated a second omelet and set it in front of Greg.
"Oh, please, Sherlock - she will be fine. Take her home, give her some water, and put her to bed. By morning, this will all be a memory."
Mycroft                 I pushed Greg away, gently but firmly, and jumped off the sofa breathlessly. "No. Not drunk. Not out of pity..." I said sternly. My expression softened. "Greg, I want this, too, but not like this. Please understand..."
Sherlock               Nodding, my voice fades as I close the door after us, "The trick is, little Rosie, having people around you who are prepared to back you up over being innocent. We must have a talk about that at home."
Anthea                  I pull up to Mycroft's home just as the cleaning crew arrives behind me. I walk up to the door and ring the bell even though normally I would just walk in as I have keys, but I didn't want to interrupt anything. It would be nice to have the danger of interrupting something in Mycroft's home for once, he's been on his own for as long as I've known him.
John                      “Why? Are you hoping it means something?” I was never really sure about the nature of their... friendship? Association?
Greg                      "And I'm sorry you didn't really have a decision in me being here, deciding who looked after you." I said quietly when he looked back up at me and we didn't know one another that well anyway.
Sherlock               My fingers tap gently against each other, "The record states it is accidental. I wonder if that record could stay as that." there's a strange note to my voice, almost reluctant pity, "Nina saved a life. She poisoned a poisoner. I would feel...uncomfortable if her name was brought up on charges of any kind."
Greg                      "Right, there were no return addresses on all of the letters so we can’t trace it back but we can maybe link language in here to the emails.. see if there's connections." I said quietly with my eyes down on my wine glass and wondered if I should just give him space tonight.
Sherlock               My eyes widen, dropping my phone a little to stare at Lestrade, "Important people I presume? Making a statement...hmmm...all together in one place..."
John    “Right.” Deciding, that one person that could see right through me was enough, I turn to leave. “Nice Meeting you, James, was it?”
Greg                      "If you'd grown up with my brother then you would have seen he was still a challenge and again, it wasn't your job in life. You can only do so much to help people out and half of it is their own will. You have to think of your own health at the end of the day." I explained as he sat down, and I put on one of my old hats.
Sherlock               Turning back from the coffee tray I freeze, watching Bee fall as if in slow motion before making a grab for it, "Mycroft?"
Greg                      "Do you think this case is too personal for you? Considering who Ms. Smith was to you? If we want to find her killer then everyone on this case needs to detach themselves, leave emotions behind." I explained and folded my arms across my chest.
Mycroft                 I laughed nervously. "Like riding a bicycle, as they say..." I gave his hand a gentle squeeze. We took a slow, leisurely pace as we walked. "So, it's my turn to ask you something..."
Mycroft                 "Sherlock, I am not leaving today, and you know it. I was shot, you know..." I scowled at him. "Making light of this doesn't make it any easier."
Sherlock                       My shoulders hunch slightly, pulling back from his desk and almost growling in my lowest register, "You didn't come here to fall Mycroft. You wouldn't be here if you didn't have utter confidence in yourself to see through the tangle, the politics, the intrigue. It's what you live for." stalking around the office I scrunch my nose at his back, "Was England really so boring that you've come here instead to poke a hornet's nest?"
Mycroft                 "My shoulder has been immobile for far too long, the muscles taut. He was breaking up that tension with the massage - it hurt. I wasn't at all enjoying it, believe me." I smiled, cupping his face in my hand.
Mycroft                 I looked at Sherlock's texts with a smile. Greg knocked lightly on my bedroom door and entered, as I sat on the edge of the bed, my shirt off so he could change the dressings. "Rosie is testing Sherlock's last nerve, it seems," I grinned, showing Greg the texts.
Sherlock               Swinging my face around I stare at him in mounting horror, "I ruined yet another date? I mean...not date." Lestrade's advice is pounding in my head, "I'm sorry."
Sherlock               Letting Lestrade have my phone I flick through the diary, then drop it, heading towards Nina's desk and sorting through her neat paperwork, "She was poisoned by a flower used in Russian execution style deaths of traitors and whistle blowers."
Greg                      "It's bacon. Some cheesy sauce and pasta. Look, me and uncle Myc will have a bit and then you can have some." I smiled as I met Mycroft’s eye, twirling some round my fork and then putting it into my mouth to show her I loved it.
John                      “Maybe not. But you at least you can get your foot in the door, so to speak.” I grin at him.
Greg                      "It’s an hour away, Sherlock. we might have to head back to the British Embassy to see if we can get a car." I caught my breath back, apologizing to the cab driver when Sherlock jumped back out to slam the door.
James Morgan      I look up at him through my curls... "What happened? Where'd you go?" I continue to lick the head while making eye contact.
Mycroft                 I was on complete sensory overload. I felt nothing but Greg... his warm skin against me, his tongue caressing mine, his cock filling me. I rocked my hips against him, and whispered encouragements whenever I could catch my breath. My cock ached for release, so I reached between us and began stroking myself, rapidly approaching the edge
James Morgan      I go to give him a hug but turn it into a shoulder pat when I notice the guy next to him. "Hey. I remember you. You're the guy who walked right into me a few days ago. Learn to look up while walking yet?' I give him my most charming smile.
Rosie                     "Gayg? Do you love Myca? Is that why you live here and why you put your head in his lap? I saw you last night but I didn’t want to wake you up cause you looked so tired..." That reminds me of how tired I am.
Greg                      I connected to the stereo and put on one of my happier playlists, it starting with the song
Greg                      "Yeah, haha, very funny. I just want him to get better and say things to me when he's not loopy off a fever or his meds. We did talk about my marriage earlier, though." I stuck my tongue out at him and finished the water in the glass.
Greg                      "You’re an idiot for smoking and my ex-wife let me go because I was a shit husband." I muttered as we got into his room, my head trying to think of what to do when someone has a fever. I set him down on the bed and started getting his slippers off, his jacket, not wanting him to go into shock.
Greg                      "Poison?" I question and smile weakly at the cab driver who looked concerned. I paid him when we arrived, my suit smart but it gave me room to breathe in the heat.
Mycroft                 "I'm sure Anthea will arrange something. We have a fair number of resources available."
John                      I looked it up a bit when Mycroft grabbed Greg’s arm. I continued. “You have to pull out the old packing and then rinse it with the saline tubes. Then just pack it with fresh gauze and tape him back up. The wound will have to be packed until his next follow up appointment. If the doctor sees that he’s healing well, then we may not have to pack it anymore.”
James Morgan            I laugh at the image. I notice John completely ignored my friends question. "Sounds like a handful. If you wanted to..." fuck, why am I shy all of a sudden?? "... I could take you around the Space Museum. It's a shame to come all the way here and not see the shuttle.  I get it if you say no. I was kinda a dick earlier. I'd understand if you didn't want to." Shut up brain!!! Stop rambling!!
Mycroft                 I took a few bites of my pad thai, but didn't really taste them. The smug grin on Greg's face was not helping.
Greg                      I smiled at Rosie having crime scene diagrams to colour and I try to sit comfortably in the chair while Carlton set up everything he needed. I felt him wetting my hair, combing it through.
Sherlock               Gripping the coffee tight in both hands I make no move to drink it, "I wanted tea."
Dillon                    The ice pack clatters to the floor instead as the silver haired man starts to unnerve me. "I... I'll come back in a couple of days to check again..."
Mycroft                 I quickly looked away, turning to put away some of the paperwork littering my desk. "Was he able to give you the information you needed to begin your investigations? If he is choosing to be difficult about it, I'm willing to have a talk with him..."
Greg                      "Here's my number if you need anything between now and tomorrow." I handed him one of my business cards as we got to the door, heading for the handle but Mycroft got there first so I merely stood in the doorway.
Mycroft                 I just managed to step out of the way when John came around the corner. "Oh, hello John." I mumbled, looking down and hoping I wasn't blushing too much.
Grabbing some files from Mycroft's desk I start flicking through them, huffing and then tossing them back down with a thump before heading towards a filing cabinet, pulling out my lockpicks as I go, "This would have been far easier if my brother had answered me. He's probably stuffed himself full of cake and fallen asleep"
Greg                      "It’s alright. I shouldn’t have brought the letters round, it’s my fault." I whispered back as I wrapped my arms around him completely and didn’t even care if he didn’t do the same back. I might have pushed him too far, my mind going to what Sherlock had said before he left the cab.
Mycroft                 I took her cup from her, and took a sip. I glared at Sherlock. "Wine coolers, Sherlock?" I whispered harshly. "Do you not look at bottles before pouring them into a child's teapot?"
Greg                      "May I ask something? If you don't mind?" I said lightly when I'd finished my plate and saw that he'd nearly finished his. I just wanted to get a few things straight with him tonight.
John                      I pause at those words and my face falls a bit. No. I wouldn’t let him do this to me any longer. “I’m going to the museum, Sherlock.” I say a bit softer than I intended.
Sherlock               Chuckling softly, I nod, "My brother likes things like that. If the rules say he has to carry a paper copy of the codes he will, even if he doesn't need them. Ah!" The lock gives a small snick noise and I stand, beckoning to John to follow me into the room beyond
Greg                      "God. I need you begging me more often. So fucking hot." I said as I brushed his prostate again with my fingers and finally pulled them out when his lip looked sore from being bitten so much. I slathered my own cock in the lube once I'd slid the condom on and sat between his knees again to make completely sure he wanted to do this.
Mycroft                 I closed my eyes and let my head fall onto the back of the sofa as he dragged his tongue up my cock teasingly. I brought my arm to my mouth to stifle my moan.
Mycroft                 I caught myself staring as Greg sucked the chocolate off his hand, and quickly looked away, setting down my spoon and pushing the pudding toward him. "I have a weakness for chocolate," I explained, "I hope you can finish that.  I certainly don't need any more."
Peter Harkness    “Oh perfect! I play for laughs on weekends with a bunch of other DC guys and we could always use another man” I offer as meekly as I can, so I don’t come off too eager.
Greg                      "I'll be back in a minute." I got him under the covers, putting everything in the dishwasher and wetting a small towel to put on his head. I knew it only had to be damp and I'd just sent a text to Anthea when I walked back in to hear him talking to me again.
Sherlock               Tipping the bottle up I squeeze a generous amount onto his palm, nodding, "Continue."
Brad Carter          "Lots of requests went through me. Can't remember all of them." There was that one weird thing.... "Wait. I remember. She wanted some sort of flower salad thingy. I delivered her mail earlier that day and one was a box from a florist in Russia. She said she had plans for it for dinner."
Your ‘not date’ is not right. Do try to avoid him if you see him and not only so you don't accidentally put your penis into his mouth again -SH
Sherlock               His giggle infects me, as always, making me turn my head a little and break out into chuckles, settling back to sit next to him once more, "We need to start varying your diet if I'm to perform oral sex on a regular basis"
Greg                      "James Morgan." I muttered, and I was holding my breath where I could see the rage, my nerves holding me steady as he got up and I just hoped to god he wasn’t going to throw anything in my direction.
Greg                      "Yeah but it wasn't fair that I've been so distracted and yeah..." I whispered as I watched the new security secure the perimeter and I squeezed Mycroft’s hand as I turned my head back. I knew it was going to be tougher now that we had to limit our time outside.
John                      I chuckle and rub a hand over my face. “I figured you would have that part worked out as soon as I walked in the door.” I smile at him.
Greg                      "Yeah, kinda, it was just about his house and I thought I heard a baby crying." I sighed as I rubbed my face, feeling the bed dip where he obviously got back under the covers.
Mycroft                 "I was rather busy at the time, what with Greg covered in blood. I'm sure you can understand a momentary panic in that instance. And I did answer you."
Dillon                    My eyes sweep over Mycroft then back on Greg, seeing the bare emotions in his face and taking a step back, my tanned skin paling slightly, "Errr...oh, yes, well, there's an ice pack there too. You have to alternate them."
Greg                      "No, that's it, I just ask that you keep bringing post if it's arriving at my flat.." I smile weakly, my brother’s latest postcard still on the kitchen to read when Anthea had left and Mycroft was asleep.
Maybe John was going crazy, but he felt like Sherlock could hear him. When he touched the stone, he imagined Sherlock could feel him. He wanted this to be true. He needed it to be true. Maybe he was going crazy, but he knew if he would stay rational, he would not be able to survive. To think his best friend was gone, the man he owed so much, was gone and would never be coming back.. John could not stand that thought.
! But he had made it through the past two years without John and he would just continue his life until he didn’t have to miss him anymore. He just hoped that day would actually come.
«I’m an idiot!», John whispered. «You were always trying your best to make me happy.» The doctor nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck again. He seemed to like it there.
Sherlock looked at John as if he had been slapped. Why was John angry all of a sudden? He thought all had been well. John had understood the necessity of keeping the death a secret and he
There was a long pause. Sherlock averted his gaze and stared at the wall ahead of him, ignoring John’s stern eyes that currently seemed to bore holes into his face.
“I’m really sorry John, I should have realized! Coming here was a bad idea. I don’t want you to be hurting, in the end, that’s all it ever was about. Don’t worry, I won’t be a burden to you anymore. I wish you all the happiness in the world, John. You deserve it!“, and with that Sherlock turned around and left.
Sherlock sounded strange, almost desperate. It gave John a slight thrill to be the cause of that. After a while he finally surrendered. If this was the only way out of this mess, then so be it!
Why did he even care so much? It was not even like John was his family! And even then he could say with confidence, that he would not so readily have given up his life for Mycroft.
He entered a large gray building, one of the few that was actually still made out of brick and possessed a very special english charm.
«Woah, now hang on a minute,» John tugged on Sherlock’s arm to face him. Once that was managed, he continued talking. «I never said any of that!»
«Well yes, of course I know that!» John seemed to be getting more frustrated the more he was unable to bring his point across. «I meant I didn’t know you wanted me. Wanted me to be with you.»
They didn’t move much after that, just laying side by side on John’s bed, smiling at each other and falling into a content sleep, facing each other, their fingers touching above the duvet, each with a smile on their lips.
As they walked away, embraced in each other’s arms, a long figure with a Belstaff coat and curly black hair emerged from the woods nearby the graveyard. He walked towards his own grave, stopped right where John had stood and laid his hand on the spot where John’s hand had been just a few minutes ago. It still felt a little warm and Sherlock could almost feel John still standing here, touching Sherlock instead of this cold stone.
When the woman got off on the second floor there was no room for the tall man to go and John was glad that he could look at him proper now. The man was always remarkably dressed, which was no different today. He wore perfectly tailored suit trousers with a purple shirt, but no tie. The first three buttons of his shirt were undone, giving way to a pale long neck and a lovely set of collarbones.
”No.”, the taller man said quitely after a while. John was almost afraid he was being turned down, but then he remembered his own question. He released Sherlock’s fingers and looked questioningly at his face.
John tensed up. He didn’t want to talk about her anymore. He didn’t want to hear, that Sherlock had fallen in love. That she was the one for him and that she made him happier than anyone ever could. He didn’t want to hear that Sherlock would leave him to be with her. He didn’t want to hear that.
After a while of listening to John’s steady heartbeat, Sherlock could feel his eyes droop, his mind drifting off further into the comfortable embrace of the impending sleep.
It hurt to think it, but Sherlock might possibly never return to those days. He just had to face that John and Sherlock - the Detective and his Blogger, was not a thing anymore. They weren’t the unbreakable union they once had been.
Sherlock also had a feeling that this woman was no stranger to dangerous situations. No innocent naive nurse at all then. She seemed to be a contradiction in herself, just like John. And as far as Sherlock could tell, they got along really well. Sherlock tried not to feel hurt by this. He wished John all his happiness and if John was happy because he had found a woman who loved him as much as Sherlock did and who John actually loved back, then who was Sherlock to stand in their way.
Which was good because Sherlock really didn’t want to let him go. No matter how many fights they would have or that John might possibly be the end of Sherlock Holmes, he just couldn’t give up his friend and colleague. Not now, that he knew his love confession didn’t drive John away. He wouldn’t have to hide his feelings anymore and he wouldn’t have to be afraid of John leaving. John wanted to stay.
The doctor dared to open his eyes a bit to look for any reaction. He wasn’t quite prepared for what he saw though. Sherlock’s eyes were roaming all over his body, almost frantically trying to catalogue every flush, every twitch that John so desperately tried to control. The detective‘s cheeks and neck spotted a lovely shade of rosé and his eyes were now properly black.
«No, not that, Sherlock, I just… I didn’t expect you to care...» John amended in a whisper, more to himself than to Sherlock.
John’s grin grew impossibly wider. He buried one hand in Sherlock’s curls, while the other still lightly stroked Sherlock’s cheek.
The man was silent for a while and just as John thought he might never get an answer, the stranger finally said: “could you just...“, he cleared his throat, swallowing a few times before continuing.
Mycroft                 I'd just settled on the sofa when I heard the knock at the door. "Come in, Greg," I called out. He had a serious look, files and paperwork in his hand. "Ah, so not just a social call?" I asked. "I take it you and my brother have made some progress?"
Anthea                  I see them all huddled outside the door as I walk towards it when Rosie turns her head in Sherlock's arms to see me coming and smiles widely at me through the glass. I briefly turn around as I reach for the door and remind Mycroft that I have everything under control and will contact him should anything critical arise. He clearly isn't pleased with this though. When I step into the hall I take Rosie with her outstretched arms from Sherlock who begrudgingly releases her before I turn to the group of men. "Greg, once Mycroft is released in a couple days, your help would be greatly appreciated. Until we uncover who was behind this attack, discretion and additional twenty-four hour protection from you would be, I think the best solution. I could have someone bring you and some of your belongings to his home later today so you can get settled?"
Mycroft                 "Am I so transparent?" I smiled slightly at Carlton. I knew such strong emotions were unfamiliar territory for me, but for Greg? He was afraid? "What does Greg have to fear?"
Mycroft                 "Leave... nurse... alone..." I gasped, feeling like I had just run for 20 minutes. I still couldn't catch my breath. It got easier when John put the oxygen mask over my face.
Greg                      I'd tried video calling my brother back with no luck, him calling me when I'd been looking after Mycroft last night with his fever. I wasn't sure when I'd fallen asleep, but the antibiotics were on the bedside table and I stirred to feel the other man moving a little.
Mycroft                 "I am not an idiot... your ex-wife was an idiot, letting you go..." I mumbled, almost drunkenly.
Sherlock               Standing up I stride over to him, holding out my arms, "I want a last cuddle with my daughter."
Greg                      "I can happily sit out in the sun so you can draw me." I smirked as his hand moved to my lower leg but my mind was thinking away and he definitely saw that.
Sherlock               I'm determined now to get back to John and Rosie, tugging on Lestrade hard, snarling my words, "You'll use your lights and sirens to get us there for my brother"
Greg                      I rubbed my face at the texts but got up to change into my running gear as normal, putting my music on as soon as I left my room just so I could concentrate on that rather than Mycroft or the case. Running just took everything out of my mind for an hour.
Mycroft                 I turned to face Greg. He was smiling, but I could tell right away there was something dark behind it... something he didn't really want to tell me. "That bad?" I asked, motioning for him to take a seat.
Mycroft                 I laughed. "While I would normally agree, this is soup that Aunt Anthea made for you."
Peter Harkness    I was sitting outside and down the hall just a bit from the library when I heard the door open. I rose and walked back towards it as Greg walked out.
John                      I shuffle down the hall to my hotel room and struggle a bit with the key card. “What the hell? Turn green you bloody bugger.” I mumble.
Sherlock               I'm practically vibrating in my seat, wanting to ask questions and gripping my coffee with both hands. I remember my promise though and grit my teeth, breathing through my nose and allowing Lestrade to lead the questioning
Greg                      "And how did you know that?" I ask as he looks up at me and I don't remember waking him up when I startled awake or even remember telling him about them. Or anyone, I just stayed awake if I had them.
Sherlock               My hand slips off his thigh, then bumps into the side of his hand, "Then we can both research together? I've been told more than once my lips would look well suited wrapped around a penis."
John                      I blush again at his comment and then smile awkwardly for the picture. “I might have a picture on my phone.” I say wanting to show off all of a sudden.
Rosie                     'No! The party is ruined! Papa forgot and now it's all ruined." I don't think Papa heard me so I get very close to them. "How could you forget?"
Greg                      I narrow my eyes slightly to read him, to see if he's just putting it on but I sit down opposite him when I see nothing of the sort. I folded my arms still, trying to calm my anger down to let him explain.
Mycroft                 I climbed onto the bed, straddling his legs as I bent down to take him into my mouth again, my hand stroking what I wasn't licking and sucking.
Greg                      "When did you have the chance?" I asked and thought I'd gone too far with being short with him so turned away to grab more of the tape while he spoke.
Sherlock               My face falls into a perfectly innocent expression, stealing to try and grasp his hand, "First we need to rid me of my pesky virginity John. Then we can think about desks and making sure American soil remembers us."
Greg                      "Sorry.. Are you alright? I just felt myself getting close and didn't want it to end that quickly." I said worriedly as I cupped his face and gently ran my hand over his head where I'd tugged a little too hard.
«Yes.», John didn’t seem to be at ease with his decision, if anything he seemed to be more conflicted and quite a deal more tired.
"Jesus I just...", John broke off, then shook his head. There was a small pause before he started talking again.
Sherlock just answered with another fake smile and thanked her for her help. He then stepped further into the Restaurant and took a look around. He didn’t stop at anyone in particular to deduce, his only priority now to find his best friend.
He still thought about it sometimes even now. After 2 years had gone by. He didn’t think of it as often as he had done in the beginning though and he knew now he could make it. Even without Sherlock. It was hard and it took all his strength not to give up, but Mary gave his life meaning again. He could not run away anymore. He had to stay alive now. For Mary. He didn’t want her to feel the way he did and still does every day. He knows it won’t feel like this forever though. Someday this hurt will be gone and all there will be left is the memory of a life before Mary. A life with a man he had loved so much, a life without him was almost impossible. Almost.
John loved this building and he thanked life’s little miracles everyday that his estranged aunt had somehow bequeathed him the flat on the fourth floor in this apartment complex in central London.
John had apologized after every fight already, but it never felt as sincere as it did now. John really didn’t want to leave.
«Oh» Sherlock did not see that coming. He felt slightly wrong footed and as if he should flee into his room and hide under his blankets for all eternity. He didn’t like that feeling.
Sherlock               My brows shoot up at that, glancing at Lestrade then back, lightning fast to the idiot, nodding, "When you found her dead, did you notice how the table was set? The salad, was it eaten? Was it still there? How many place settings?"
Sherlock                       My upper lip curls in an open sneer, "A likely story Mycroft. There's no such thing as coincidences. Did you follow myself and John out here to keep an eye on us?"
Mycroft                 "No, I was awake... couldn't sleep." I replied, my hand lightly stroking over his arm. "I often sit up and read at night, anyway."
John                      “Alright. So you said you were a Foreign Liaison? What exactly do you do?” I ask trying to make small talk.
Mycroft                 I started reading my book, occasionally looking up as Greg mowed the small lawn.
Dillon                    Finishing my massage of his top I lean back, beaming down at the relaxed man on the table, "That's that done. Now, I noticed you're probably hurting in errr...." my eyes flick to his rear, "...other places. Slight limp. I could take care of that too for you." Giggling, I wink, "No more limp."
Greg                      "Of course I do. It's why I do it, why I put up with Sherlock, why I came out here and why I tried to work things out with Caroline, even when I knew she was cheating. Before your brother told me." I replied in French and saw him questioning that language change.
Mycroft                 I looked at Lestrade nervously as we stepped off the lift, approaching my suite. "I really had... a wonderful evening, Greg," I said, shyly, taking both his hands in mine. "Thank you," I said, bringing his hands to my lips.
«I know, I’m sorry!», John apologized for the umpteenth time. It felt like he was trying to apologize for all the fights they had had in the past couple of months and especially for the nasty ones in the past couple of weeks.
Raking his eyes further up John found surprisingly full and soft looking lips, that were slightly parted in a silent "oh“.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to John’s, scanning the shorter man’s face for any sign of insincerity and finding none. Finally reassured, Sherlock let his happiness show, his eyes (while still completely black) now very bright and his mouth turned upwards in a proper smile.
How could he do that? How could he play with his feelings, when he knew how terrible John felt already? How could he be such an insufferable prick and still somehow make John fall head over heels in love with him?
Although Sherlock had wanted to say something along the same lines, it still hurt to hear them be directed at him.
“Honey, don’t you think you’re overreacting a little bit?“, John’s girlfriend had also vacated her seat and was now standing behind John, tugging on his arm lightly and trying to turn his attention away from Sherlock. John just ignored her.
Sherlock knew it wasn’t all about their boring personalities though. He could have cared less about their low IQs, if they were any other person in the street. But the fact that John dated them, liked them even, always filled him with such a rage, that he actually wanted to make them hurt. He wanted to make them hurt even more than he did, when he saw John smiling at them with his stupid flirty smile that always meant he would take them to bed that same night.
John drew his brows together and leaned slightly forward in his seat. "So you're telling me you didn't let me in on your plan because you think I am a blabbermouth?"
Sherlock would probably deduce all the pains he felt right now. He would advice John to work less, eat more and start working out again. John could not do any of that though. He didn’t see the point in it. What difference does it make to stay in shape, when he didn’t need to chase criminals through half of London any more. Why would he care that his leg ached like hell and his shoulder started cramping every night? At least this way he could almost forget that draining numbness that made him so careless and tired every day.
"Of all the reasons I had imagined, this is probably the most ridiculous and insulting one you could have given me!"
“Do you have any idea what it was like? Watching you jump? Seeing you on that pavement, not feeling any pulse? Hm? Thinking you were ...“ John’s voice broke and he winced. He closed his eyes for a moment and then soldiered on. “Thinking you were dead!“ He whispered. Sherlock didn’t know how to answer. He knew John must have been in pain, but seeing his friend close to tears right now was something Sherlock was totally unprepared for. John shouldn’t still be in pain. Sherlock was back now, everything was good. Why was John still suffering? Where did Sherlock go wrong?
John moaned at the deep baritone drifting towards him. He arched his back, giving Sherlock a perfect image of just
sit in it, that had been the only time that Sherlock had acknowledged his brother. Sherlock had simply glared at the government official and then continued to ignore everything the latter had said.
«Don’t look at me like that! I know you’re not a sociopath, I’m a doctor after all! But I didn’t think you would care about
Never one to pass up a great mystery, Sherlock got out of the car and took a double take of himself in the window reflection. He looked good enough, he thought. Even though he had slimmed even further than before and now looked actually a bit unhealthy and had a few colourful bruises on his face, he would probably still look better than the majority of the residents at the Hotel Restaurant. John would be at the Restaurant. That was for certain. He wouldn’t be able to afford spending even one night at the Hotel. And the drive to Baker Street from here was about 12 minutes. John wouldn’t spend his night at a Hotel that expensive, if he could easily get home. So, the Restaurant it was.
After having been prompted to breathe, John did just that. Rather loud and quick, but at least the purple from his face seemed to vanish with every gasp that came out of his mouth now.
Before he met John, Sherlock never quite understood why people would go through so much trouble to end someone's life, just because of some chemical defect. Where was their logical thinking? What good would it do them if they killed their partner’s affair, if they ended up in Prison afterwards anyway! And it certainly would not give them back the missing love of their partners. It just didn’t make sense.
however, want Sherlock to see him. He wanted the Detective to see what effect he had on John. He wanted him to be just as turned on as John was. Bloody hell, John had it bad, hadn’t he?
After a while, Mycroft finally gave up and made his way to the door. With one last depreciating look and a sigh aimed in Sherlock's direction, the intruder turned around and left. Sherlock listened to the footsteps descending the stairs to make sure his brother didn't decide to come back and disturb him further. Not that there was anything to disturb him at. Sherlock wasn't doing anything. He actually hadn't even left the flat since that horrible evening.
Sherlock’s breathing was coming rapidly now, but so was his. He could feel each and every hair on his body stand up in anticipation. Part of him was afraid of what was going to happen, the other part, the forbidden part that John had so carefully been trying to hide was secretely excited. It had been so long that he had allowed a thought of a more romantic (and who was he kidding,
Maybe it was the images of the events that were just too much for him. Of course, John had PTSD, he was bound to be suffering when he was confronted with trauma. And even the presence of Sherlock seemed to be trigger already for John to be reliving that moment over and over again when his friend had committed suicide right in front of him. Even if it all had been a ruse, the experience must have felt very real and probably still was in John’s mind. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to change that with an explanation right now. Maybe not ever.
"I can't fucking believe you, Sherlock!" John's voice was so low that it came out more of a growl. "2 Years you were gone, God knows where, doing whatever, while I fucking
It was a rhetorical question, because John already knew it to be the truth. His flatmate was still in the same position he had been in last night, sitting at their kitchen table and looking through his microscope, while sporadically taking notes.
Sherlock sat with his back to him, so he did not see his best friend’s eyes go wide and the color drain from his face.
"I know." John sounded calmer now, defeated, as if he had lost all his strength in this ridiculous argument.
John was vaguely aware that Sherlock had asked him a question to which he expected an answer, but honestly John couldn’t care less. All that mattered was that he had to get off. He was certain he might actually explode otherwise and really, that wouldn’t be fun at all.
John lowered his head, leaving his forehead leaning slightly onto Sherlock’s chest, while he let go of his hands, his right hand remaining in the wall next to Sherlock’s face.
John wakes in his own bed feeling slightly out of place. He feels uncomfortable, like someone’s watching him. With some effort he regains full consciousness and immediately regrets it. He can sense his own strains before feeling them and he
”I want you to fuck me!”, Sherlock said while biting at the sensitive skin just underneath John’s ear and that was it. That was what finally brought the army doctor over the edge. One second he was still trying to regain his breathing and the next he was screaming Sherlock’s name and coming in white hot spurts onto his and Sherlock’s stomach’s.
He would have though. Given up his life for Mycroft that is. But not as willingly, as proudly even, as he did for John. And deep down Sherlock knew the difference, knew why he cared so much about John. Even more so than for anyone else he had ever loved.
The detective seemed to have lost all control of his vocal chords. A gasp escaped his mouth which he found even more embarrassing than the whine.
Sherlock closed his mouth, clearly in shock now. Tears started filling in his eyes and made their way down his cheeks, leaving wet tracks as they went.
The car had parked right in front of a fancy hotel that Sherlock remembered having once visited on a case with John about poisened food.
Where it was old-fashioned and cold on the exterior, it kind of had a vibe similar to a Hotel once you were inside. Dim, yellow lamps cast a warm glow along beige/brownish walls and the corridors were laid out with soft, red carpets.
about it with anyone else in the room! And now, John of all people, had to catch him in a moment of weakness? Sherlock did not want to think about the irony of that!
"John!", Sherlock whined. It came out quite desperate, but he couldn't care less because John regarded him with the sweetest smile. It said
! His cheeks were tinted in a lovely shade of rosé, making his cheekbones stand out even further and his eyes were a bit misty which gave them a remarkable glow. His lips were pressed into a thin line though and he hugged his upper body tightly, as if trying to keep his body warm after the loss of John’s closeness.
John’s breath hitched. He could feel his cock twitching before he had given it the permisson to and Sherlock’s eyes were back on it lightening fast. They stayed there for a while, whatching John’s hips move in tight circles, a droplet of pre-cum forming on the tip.
John made his way to the door in a daze, but turned as he was halfway through. He didn’t want to leave this elevator, and especially not before at least getting this guy’s phone number.
John also didn’t bother asking Sherlock whether he wanted some tea. He just put on the kettle and made two mugs of hot tea with milk, one with sugar.
It took them just a few seconds to reach the fourth floor and before they knew what was happening, the elevator stopped and a high
The driver didn’t stop at Baker Street. Sherlock noticed this only when he realized they had halted at a whole different part of London. It didn’t happen often that Sherlock Holmes got confused, but he had been stuck in his mind palace for most of the car ride and had not been focussing on his sorroundings at all. He had been ensconsed in plotting a scheme of how to surprise John. It would be a surprise for him, no doubt about that! John thought Sherlock had died that day he threw himself off the roof of St. Barts. And even though John was pretty damn smart, Sherlock was confident that John would not have figured out that it had all just been a clever trick.
Or so Sherlock thought. Which was why the detective found himself totally off guard at the sight of one "John Watson" standing in front of his door.
Suddenly Sherlock’s throat seemed to be way to small and his jaw began to feel way too heavy. He had to swallow several times before he could finally speak again.
“The Landmark“ it said in cursive Letters on the canopy. Sherlock remembered it being a very expensive Restaurant. Why would John, who thought Jumpers were a fitting attire for any occasion and who always made a fuss about overpriced clothes and food, go to a place such as this? It didn’t make any sense.
"Oh yeah? What the fuck would you know?!" John was growling again, he seemed to do that a lot with Sherlock around. Sherlock couldn't stop himself from thinking that it was sort of sexy. He had always liked the dangerous John, the soldier who never hesitated to throw himself head first into battle.
He heard a loud gasp from behind him and knew John was about to call after him, but whatever he was going to say, it was drowned out by the people in the entryway and the cars on the street as Sherlock opened the door and made his exit.
“Here it is! Reservation for two. My my, you are almost a whole hour late!“ The Maitre D‘ seemed shocked by this, Sherlock could even see a flash of disapproval in her face, but it disappeared quickly and the woman wore her perfectly schooled neutral expression once more.
John felt white hot anger take over him. He couldn’t hold it back now, and if he was being completely honest, he didn’t really want to.
His cheeks were tinted with a lovely shade of pink and John suspected, that his ears underneath the curls would be even redder. Finally arriving at the eyes John could make out two distinctly gray eyes that looked right back at him and seemed to darken with every second. John experienced a feeling of having been caught red handed at doing something naughty and he could feel his own face starting to heat. He didn’t dare break eye contact with his neighbour though. He had waited all this time to make a move on him and here it was, a chance to do just that. He only had to open his mouth and introduce himself. He was just about to do that when the elevator suddenly rattled and the came to an abrupt stop. The lights flickered, but after a moment they turned off as well.
It was no extraordinary Sunday morning at 221B Baker Street. Everything went as usual. John got up at 9am, relishing in the pleasure of sleeping in on his free day, went downstairs and found his flatmate/genius already awake and highly concentrated on a new experiment.
Mycroft used to warn him about these sorts of things: "Sentiment is not an advantage Sherlock!". "Love is a defect found on the losing side". And oh how right he was. Sherlock would never admit this out loud - he hated when Mycroft was right, but it didn’t change anything for the fact that it was true. Sentiment was not an advantage. Sherlock was reminded of that everyday.
“Watson, hmmm ... let me just check. “ The young woman traced the names of all the Reservations with her finger and finally halted, then tapped one name on her list.
They had had a row, John and Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t recall how it started. It might have had something to do with dangerous experiments or Sherlock’s disinterest in religious festivities and the like. Lately it was always something like that. Sherlock did his best to be enough for John, to not be a hindrance and make living with him as comfortable as possible. But in the end there would always be something Sherlock had missed and John would lose his temper. There was nothing Sherlock could do. He was walking on eggshells here.
“I’m not dead! I never was and it was of utmost importance to make everyone believe I was.“ John frowned. He nodded. “Yeah ... Yeah, all right.“ He continued nodding, as if he had just figured something out. Sherlock was a bit worried he was having a panic attack. Then John smiled. He looked up at Sherlock, shook his head and then broke out into a manic grin. “John ... Are you okay?“, the woman sitting opposite him asked. She hadn’t made a sound since Sherlock had arrived and now, that Sherlock actually paid attention to her, he knew why. John had told her about Sherlock. She knew it all. The way she looked at John now, the way she obviously avoided Sherlock said it all. She must know why Sherlock was back and she seemed to be gearing up for a fight, even if John didn’t know yet. This woman really was the cleverest of John’s conquests so far. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a tiny bit of solitude for her.
Greg                      "Thank you." I said after a few moments silence had passed and it actually touched me that he'd want to go to those sorts of lengths to get them back for me.
Sherlock               Beaming at her I grab Lestrade's arm, trying to steer him into her office, "Of course, so sorry."
Mycroft                 I smiled at the cheeky grin on Greg's face, and walked over to him, resting my hands on his shoulders, as he put his arms around my waist again.
Sherlock               Shifting a little I allow the sheet to expand, allowing John to get closer to Greg to help check him over. "He seems undamaged and in good hands brother." The sheet falls away a little to my waist, revealing I'm quite probably entirely nude under it while John is at least wearing jeans and socks
John                      “Mycroft, part of this is your choice too. If you feel you need to stay a few more days, then you should.”
Mycroft                 I grumbled under my breath, but let him lead me back to the living room, getting me settled back in my chair.
James Morgan      8:23am  I stand up and put my hands on his desk leaning over it a bit. "Look you, English twit, I was not with Smith. The ME said her death was accidental." His attitude was pissing me off, more so because I knew I was guilty. I may not have killed her directly but I didn't try to save her either. "I don't like your tone. What are you implying?"
Greg                      "Did Mycroft say where she went with the job offer? Somewhere like America?" I asked and knew Russia and America had connections between one another for many years. It wouldn't be hard for her to get a 'sudden job offer' to get her out of the country or even away from Mycroft.
Greg                      I merely raised my eyebrows for a minute as I wasn't surprised but made it look like I was writing it down, my eyes nodding to Sherlock that he could start his own questioning.
