“Ah but that makes you extraordinary Mister Rogers.  But forgive me, I have not introduced myself.  My name is Doctor Abraham Erskine, and I do believe we can help each other out,”  Dr. Erskine began.
Tony lifts his head to stare at Steve. “Did you get that from Dr. Acharya, that um. That sounds like a very her thing to say.”
“The serum did not make you cute, Rogers, that’s all you.”  Tony murmured, he sounded fond.
For a moment it almost seems as if his bluff is going to be called, but instead Steve lets out a long breath and smiles crookedly. Strong arms enfold him into a tight hug, the closeness more than he deserves after all this, but Tony doesn't fight it. He melts into it immediately, resting his head on a broad shoulder, pressing quick grateful kisses to the juncture of Steve's neck and jaw.
“Here.” He murmurs, turning Tony on his side and spooning up behind him, slipping a hand under Tony's shirt to cover the arc.  “It gets cold right?” He whispers against Tony's ear.  Tony's breath stutters, head turning to watch Steve over his shoulder. He's quiet, but Steve hears the cadence of his breathing pick up when he slips his other hand beneath his neck to cup the strong cut of his jaw. The angle is perfect for a kiss Steve realizes. Their faces are so close he can see the vast canopy of stars above them reflected in Tony's dark eyes.
All that knowledge, and he has no idea how he got here. It's safe here though, Tony trusts in that without a doubt. A strong feeling of
“I weep for your taste in music, birdbrain.”  Iron Man said, streaking up into the sky to aim a pinpoint blast at Black knight.  He was clearly trying to avoid the horse, winged and looking a little like it belonged at the front of an apocalypse though it was.  Steve couldn’t really follow the conversation, but he got the gist.
It's his worst nightmare, everything he's feared wrapped into one terrible moment of time. In the end when Strange pulls them into the pocket dimension-in the end he can't even touch Tony to say goodbye. He's confident that they will be able to get him back, confident that Tony's genius will outweigh the caprices of fate as it always has. In the end, when everything has settled, and everyone has gone to their rooms, Steve sits in his empty room-their empty room, and he feels the absence of Tony's hand in his, sharp like the stab of a knife slipped between the ribs.
“Why is Doom sad for you? Are you dying?” Tony says, having apparently decided to return to Steve's side.
“What. This is, strong, would knock me right on my ass.” Iron man sounds more than a little horrified.
“Yeah uh, you look. Your shoulders are
“Yeah that’s what I thought, whatever, Rogers, I’ll qualify before you.”  He could see her grin in the semi darkness in the room, and he grinned back, making like he was going to scoot her out of the bed, but only managing to shift her a few inches.  “Aw don’t get lousy on me!”  She said, and Steve settled back, prepared to let her pointy elbows poke him all night if need be.  She wasn’t an alpha, she was a beta, but betas needed comfort too, and from what he knew Hayward came from a huge family, he bet she missed climbing into a big family nest and cuddling the night away.  It was the least he could do, even if Hayward
“Friend of yours?”  Iron Man asked, coming to a skipping stop next to Steve.  His hands powered down with a quiet whine.  Steve hoped he had some kind of cooling system in there, it was unseasonably warm, even out on the water.
“Puny Doom, still want to smash.” Hulk is looking distinctly pouty.
“Accursed enemy!  Attack, fight shoulder to shoulder with your prince!”  Namor called.  Aw dammit, those were his royal guard lining up at his back.  Steve swore under his breath.
vocal, but not in the loud obnoxious way of some of the less than inspiring videos Steve has seen. His pleasure sounds dredged out of him, almost shocked, as if he's surprised by what Steve is doing to him, as if he can't help but gasp and pant, and drop sloppy open mouthed kisses on Steve's lips.
Steve takes that for the permission it is, nudging his nose against Tony's adam's apple and setting about driving Tony wild by dragging his teeth over the long lines of his throat. Tony feels like he's going crazy and they're both still fully clothed.
“You have known what it is to be weak, and you will not forget what a privilege it is to be strong.” Erskine reached over, squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “That is why I have chosen you, not because you are a good soldier, or a strong alpha, but because you are a good man.”
It's going to be a long hour.
“Tony Stark funds and houses the Avengers, any Avenger-no matter how new. It's not presumptuous, He will welcome you Captain Rogers.” She's steady, calm as the placid glass of a deep ocean.  Steve likes her immediately.  He nods, feeling a little out of his depth not being able to get up and shake her hand, but he's not quite certain how this plane handles. That and being airborne so soon after crashing into the Arctic is doing nothing for his already shot nerves.
Tony makes it back to the mansion after their on the spot debrief before the others do. He showers, trying and failing not to mull over the realization of exactly how strongly he feels for Steve. Tony and love go together like oil and water. Or rather, Tony loves strongly, deeply, almost overwhelmingly; but people in the past have taken that and stomped all over it, used it against him, and mocked him for it in turns. His fault of course for giving his heart to people who didn't want it, but it still hurt.  He doesn't think Steve is like that though. Even at their most manipulative, Tony has never had anyone look at him the way Steve does, and the fact of the matter is, he's never had anyone remotely like Steve seek his attentions. Steve is neither a socialite, nor scientist, nor heir or heiress to a rival company; that novelty alone is enough to keep Tony from jetting off to one of his distant houses to panic about his new revelation in private. Steve effectively has nothing to gain from being with Tony. In fact he has something to lose-his privacy, his peace, the ability to walk down the street mostly unbothered. Steve has said none of that matters to him, and Tony wants so badly to believe him, he really does.
“It's great Tony, I'll wear red pants.” Steve says warmly.  Tony's smile is small, but clearly relieved.
“You’re going to be an amazing man,”  She had said, “A good alpha, you’ll see.”  Steve carried that message with him through her funeral, trying to hold on to the first voice he had known.  The first voice that had ever believed in him.  The churchyard was full of people from the apartments, and patients whose lives had been touched by Sarah Rogers.  There was only a small marker commemorating her, Steve had scraped for months to afford it and the engraving.  It had seemed macabre at the time, but Sarah had just scoffed, squeezed his hand, and asked for a rose to be etched above her name.  Steve had done it, he only wished he could have afforded something better, something as grand as his mother had always been in his mind.  He supposed it didn’t matter anyway.  What was that saying, ‘funerals are for the living.’  If he’d told her he wished he could have gotten her a mausoleum, she probably would have been fit to be tied.  Steve smiled to himself just thinking of the offense that would have caused, and then he went to speak with other people who knew Sarah in life.
“Yeah. Let's get out of here.” He says, suddenly unable to be here any longer. Too many eyes, too many people prying into his grief like knives into an oyster shell.
the arc reactor. Even though he doesn't know it's actually embedded in Tony's chest, just the thought that he likes the color of the light is enough to make something like hope crash through Tony like a wave.
Tony stirs his coffee silently, as if he's thinking of what to say. The line of his shoulders has gone suddenly tense under his sweatshirt, but soon relaxes.  It looks like a concerted effort.  “He's going to be with me. Why? Got a crush, need to air it out?” Tony says, turning his head to throw Steve a smile over his shoulder. He's sipping his coffee delicately now that he's more awake, and as Steve watches, he dumps at least four teaspoons of sugar into the mug. Steve gets up, standing behind Tony and tapping his shoulder to encourage him to turn around. When he does, Steve takes his hand and squeezes it.
It's still and quiet between them, both of them trying to get their breathing under control. Tony breaks the silence first, tilting his head back to brush their lips together, and quietly asking to have his hands released. Steve lets his wrists go immediately, sighing when Tony scratches over his scalp and kisses him slowly.
“Saturday, I want to take you to a museum. Do you like museums?” He says against Tony's lips.
“Did I miss something, is this some kind of villainous reunion tour, you all just couldn’t resist getting together for one last hurrah, like Aerosmith.”  Iron man was hovering above the street, his palms turned towards the chaos.
It's comforting, even if he doesn't feel particularly broken.
He pushes that aside though, buries it deep, that horrible ache washed away by the look on Steve's face. His mouth has dropped open slightly, eyes bright with something Tony can't put a name to.
“That’s going to be one heck of a bruise, a leanbh, what have I told you about fighting?” She sounded somehow exasperated, proud, and tired all at once.
“A tie clip. Engraved, almost solid platinum with a diamond set into the top. We found that on our sweep through the location.” Natasha says, bright red nails drumming over the arm of her chair. Tony picks up the clip, turning it from side to side. Up close he can see a tiny serial number engraved on the piece of metal, along with a pair of initials laser cut into the material.
There was of course, the very real possibility that he would die, whether on the battlefield, or even during whatever plans Dr. Erskine and the government had for him, but then he’d be dead, and hopefully seeing his ma’ in the flesh, or maybe the spirit, or however the afterlife worked.  Steve smiled at the thought of Sarah grabbing him by the ears and telling him he’d been supposed to live to be a hundred at least.
“Course I do.” Steve murmurs, cupping Tony's cheek with one broad palm. Tony leans into it without a second thought. “My fella made it, didn't he?” He's speaking softly, almost as if he's afraid Tony will spook and go running off, but that's the furthest thing from his thoughts right now. All he wants is to be closer, to be wrapped up in Steve, for Steve to hold him close.
“Yeah, think I might know something about that sort of different.” Says Steve, and Tony sighs almost sadly, glance darting away. Steve shakes his head pulling him closer so that they're dancing cheek to cheek.
“Oh yes, it's
Steve's even more red now. Tony finds himself agreeing with Tweety. Carol however just grabs Clint again, and then the two of them are grappling on the floor to the sound of Thor cheering and taking bets.
After their coffees and sweets have come, Steve reaches across the table to take Tony's hand in his. Tony just smiles warmly, passing over his phone to show Steve a few new revisions on his tactical suit. Steve brushes his thumb over Tony's knuckles and soaks it all in. Even if they're not together, quiet moments like these remind Steve of why this century isn't so bad after all.
Nonna-Grandmother, granny (term of endearment)
“You're up aren't you.” Steve says quietly after Jan has gone to sit down again.
“Don't.” Steve sighs, turning to tangle their legs together. “We both made mistakes, we messed up shellhead.”
"Listen,
“Steve,”  Tony said, the armor was sliding away from him, the flightsuit peeled away as well.  He must have just woken up when the call came, because he was just in a pair of silk pajamas.  “Honey, are you okay?”  Said so softly, as if he was afraid Steve would shatter on the spot.  Tony reached out and laid his warm ungloved hand over Steve’s clammy shaking one.
“I’m getting kinda cold.”  Steve mumbles, setting down his yogurt cup, leaning back against the counter.  Tony’s gaze snaps away from the oven, and he strides over without hesitation to wrap his arms around Steve.
“What happened, how did he take that?” Clint asks, expression coloring with concern.
“Hi.”  He said, fixing the now fidgeting man with his most disapproving look, “I’m Captain America.”  The guy seemed to wilt, but he also looked tremendously annoyed.
“You can still say no, say the word, I will have the doors opened, and you may go.”  He said it with such finality, such conviction that Steve felt that sort of recklessness and certainty he always did when standing up for something that might get him a fractured rib or two.
“Alright? Alright Tony?” Steve gasps out. Tony's eyes have slipped shut, he pushes himself up and back so his shoulders rest against Steve's chest. He's quiet, harsh panting gasps leaving his lips until their hips are flush, and Steve kisses over his shoulders, runs his hand over his stomach, and up under the crop top to press a palm over the arc.
“Fuck.” Tony says against Steve's lips, voice thready and wrecked as Steve has ever heard it.
He waited until the next evening, not trusting himself to be around the team, no matter how much he wanted to be. He was still a terrible liar after all, and he had a sneaking suspicion Natasha would somehow know he was planning something. She was canny like that, and she had a way of asking questions that made a fella want to answer.
a lover.  It doesn’t matter at all though, Tony will love them no matter what.  That resolve burns in him, drives him on.  What kind of man would his soulmate love?  Tony doesn’t know, but he sets out to become that person with a single minded focus.  He builds wonders, blows past records others have set before him, uses everything in him to build a future for the one calling to his soul.  He immerses himself in it, ignores the bitter taste of sadness when Howard kicks him out for refusing to build, refusing to contribute to a world his soulmate would not like.  Maria is proud but sad, as she always is. She insures he is not cut off completely, she sends packages with his favorite sweets, letters asking him to come back home.  Promises that Howard misses him, promises that he’s changed. Obie comes to visit him later, sweet words and cigar smoke ringing around his head in clouds of lies.  Tony ignores him.
Tony is right behind her, cup of coffee clenched between his teeth as he does up cuff-links that look to be tiny gold enameled Iron Man heads. A man in military dress is at Mister Stark's side, prodding him and causing him to nearly lose his coffee cup. Behind him Happy Hogan and Iron Man bring up the back. Steve carefully transfers some eggs, a pancake, and a slice of bacon onto a plate.
''Whatever Thor, you know his heart is pledged to Rhodes.” Clint needles.
“Yeah Tony, it's real. One for you, and one for me.” Steve carefully takes Tony's hand to press it against the necklace under his own shirt. There's only one tag now, the other resting in the little pouch. Tony takes a deep breath, unable to tear his gaze away from the blue eyes staring into his so intently. “If you don't want it, I know it's not the best present, but I hoped-” Steve doesn't get to finish his sentence because he very suddenly has a lap-full of Tony Stark doing his level best to kiss the doubt right out of him.
“Aw but it's my birthday.” Tony tries to sound put out, but he's too languid and relaxed for that. Steve just shakes his head, sauntering over to pull Tony back into his arms and into bed. “Breakfast later? Birthday kisses now, because you love me?” Tony says hopefully.
“You, you will never…best me.” Zemo said, lurching to his feet in the wreckage, pointing the gun in Steve’s direction. The sun was rising behind him, bright and almost blinding, and Steve tilted the shield, reflecting the light into Zemo’s eyes as he tried to aim. The shot went wide as he covered his hooded face, hitting a precariously damaged bit of building above himself and sending what was not disintegrated crashing down over the wall he had been thrown through. The structure buckled inwards with the impact, burying Zemo beneath countless tons of rubble.
“Honey, Oh, Honey, God you're sweet,” Tony moans, lifting his head to watch as Steve presses into him fully. One of his hands flies out, strokes over Steve's abdomen, tugs lightly at the blond curls around the base of his cock, and Steve whines, shivers, his hips rolling but going still with another panted moan because Tony has not told him to move yet. “There we go,” Tony pants out, “All in me, all mine, good boy.”
“Good, I'm so glad to hear it.” Tony says, rubbing his freehand over Steve's thigh in broad circular motions. “I'm going to take such good care of you, you just enjoy yourself, that's what I want from you.” Tony wants to take care of him-and sure Tony has said it before, but it always hits him so strongly. Especially now, naked in Tony's bed, vulnerable and about as far from the image of Captain America as possible. No one has ever wanted to take care of him, not the way Tony does at any rate. It's so much, he wants to sink into that feeling of being cared for, of being safe. He gets the feeling Tony would like him to, and Tony will take care of everything, just like he said. So he lets himself sink further into the pillows, lets whatever tension remained in his body evaporate away like so much smoke. “That's it, darling, what I like to see, look at you, all big and gorgeous, and all spread out for me.” Tony nudges at his thigh then, and Steve lets himself be bared further, feeling his cock jump with arousal with the weight of Tony's eyes on him, the clear adoration and want obvious in Tony's expression. How did he not see it before?
“Captain America, or do you prefer Captain Rogers? I'm Tony Stark, it's an honor to meet you.” Stark speaks, oblivious to Steve's mounting inner turmoil. Steve starts upon having realized he's staring-probably rudely-and offers his hand.
Bucky clasps his shoulder now, instead of draping a protective arm across his back. It's strange to miss these things like the aching bloom of a fresh bruise, but he does it all the same. Maybe sometimes he holds his breath to remember what it felt like to struggle for it, maybe sometimes he thinks he doesn't deserve this new strength when other men die on the battlefield crawling for their lives, maybe sometimes he realizes he's so far in over his head that he's drowning.
“Of course it is Hap, why wouldn't it be?” If the twist of his smile is slightly bitter, Happy doesn't comment on it.
“What are we watching anyway?”  Steve asked, sighing as one of Tony’s gloved hands slid into his hair.  He didn’t leave it there long, but wow, that felt nice.
“You need to sleep in a real bed Tony, C'mon this can't be comfortable.” Slowly he gets an arm around Tony's shoulders, pausing there until he feels Tony relax against him. Warm, Tony is warm. He smells of metal, traces of expensive cologne, and an odd minty scent Steve is unable to place.  “I'm going to put my other arm under your legs now okay.”  He whispers.  Tony doesn't respond save to tuck his head against Steve's chest as if seeking warmth. Steve takes that as encouragement, looping his arm beneath Tony's knees and then getting his feet under himself to stand.
“That's not, I can't, you can't say that, you can't really believe that.” Steve feels like he's babbling. His hands are cold, the breath rushing from him as if Tony punched him in the solar plexus with the armor on. “You can't, I can't, you're the only thing, the only one and I can't be-” He slips his hands around to cup Tony's face between his palms. “I can't be without you, I just, you can't ask me that.” Distantly he realizes he's crying, wet tear tracks slipping down his face, but it doesn't matter.
“That's good, because he disappeared right around the incident with Hammer. Without him, we're out a huge puzzle piece.” Natasha is all business, but there's no hiding the pinched expression of concern turning her lips down. “Would he respond if you contacted him?” The question makes Steve's blood run cold.
“Aw, Tony, it’s the serum, makes me like this.”  He said, feeling his cheeks heat.
much worse than this, I can't believe you would do this to me. I am Betrayed, shot through the heart-” Tony's rant is cut off by Happy gesturing around at the garage. Oh. Next to him Steve is laughing, looking kiss ravaged and blissed out. It's a good look for him.
full of shit.”
“C'mon babe, your chariot awaits.” Tony says, half out of the car as the armor peels away from him and rockets back towards the tower.
“I need you to promise me something.” Steve says, coming over to crouch in front of him before he can answer Pepper. Tony swallows when big hands wrap around his own.
“Trust in your local billionaire, Captain Handsome, I’ll have one for you tomorrow.”  He put his cards down on the table.  It was a royal flush.
“Of course, we definitely have red velvet boxes.  Would you like to write a note with your gift, or have wrapped?  We can take care of that for you here, no extra charge.”  She was moving around, polishing both of his purchases.  She very carefully set the cufflinks into a ruby red jewel box, and then the larger, more delicate chain into another red container, also velvet, but almost as slim as an envelope.  The jeweler’s name was emblazoned across the tops in swirling gold lettering.  Steve felt a little dizzy.
“Aw Tony,” he laughed, resting his hands on his hips, “don’t start again with that fella.”
“Anything?” Tony asks, nuzzling Steve's jaw in an incredibly distracting way.
An hour later, freshly showered and scrubbed clean, he was furtively putting his sheets in the wash when Natasha walked into the room. She had a cup of tea in her hand. Her nostrils flared slightly. She took a sip of her tea, eyeing him over the rim. He tried not to look like a man who’d been guiltily masturbating over pictures of his friend and teammate. He wasn’t sure if he was entirely successful.
“Don’t believe all the propaganda about me.” He smiled, hoping it wasn’t as shaky as it felt.
Tony sighs, leaning his face into Steve's hand, reaching up to place one of his own over Steve's, encouraging the touch wordlessly.  “Yeah, didn't bother you then?”
touches him. It feels life changing, earth shattering after wanting for so long, he arches against that touch, squirming in Steve's lap and trying to show him how much he wants this with everything in his being.
"What,”  he gasped, “that all, that all you got?”  Steve breathed in deep lungfuls of air.  He was not about to have an asthma attack, he was absolutely not.  Still it was strange, extremely strange.  There was no reason for the two alphas to have run off.  Steve was not delusional enough to believe that he truly could have won that fight, they’d barely roughed him up at all.  Steve had been expecting to end up with at least one black eye, but here he was, mostly uninjured, other than the spots on his back he could already feel were going to purple up.
“No founding fathers in the bedroom, only Steve. Besides, I was promised red? Possibly a show?” Tony raises his eyebrows imploringly, hands skating up Steve's chest as he leans over Tony's prone form on the bed.
is lost on Hammer though, and he plows on, oblivious to the super soldier staring him down through the bars.
“Here we go, one set of cufflinks for my pal, Iron Man.”  Steve said, more steadily than he felt.
“We're on the floor-how did we get on the floor?” Steve gasps out, leaning back against the wall to stare up into wide brown eyes. Tony traces his fingers over his lips, dipping his head to drop a kiss over the furrowed line of one blond brow.
At some point he gets fixated on a new schematic idea for mobility impaired kids, and he sets his fork down to work on that. He's peripherally aware that he's still eating while he scrawls away at the idea, but it doesn't occur to him until Steve offers him a forkful of tiramisu that Steve has been feeding him for the past few bites of food. Tony still takes the Tiramisu, he would have to be dead not to. It's delicious. He might moan a little.
“Mmm, can’t neglect you, now can I darling.  What sort of terrible host would I be if I let my beloved shiver?”  Tony tucks himself close, sighing when Steve’s arms go around him to pull him in tight.  He presses tiny distracting kisses all along the collar of Steve’s shirt until the timer for the oven goes off.  When Tony pulls the steaming dish out, Steve’s stomach gives such a loud rumble that Tony laughs and ushers them into the dining area, promising he won’t be long.  Steve takes the salad bowl with him, unwilling to let Tony do all the work.
“Hey Tones, how are you feeling?”
“It's because you're cute.” Bruce says, coming striding into the room holding a pale blue cool-pac and a bottle of low dose aspirin. He passes it over to Steve along with a mug of tea. “Tea is for you, cold pack and aspirin are for him. Don't argue.” Bruce points at Tony, shuffling across the room to grab another blanket off one of the movie recliners.
They land shortly after that. The mansion is one of the biggest Steve has ever seen. It's opulent and more like a palace than a home. Technology is everywhere. He can hear the subtle hum of it in the walls, even in the floor. It's terrifying and fascinating all in one. Steve is struck by the enormity of all he has to see, all he has to learn. Daunting doesn't seem a powerful enough word. It's no wonder the Avengers who chose to do so live here. It seems very lonely to live in such a place alone. He wonders if Mister Stark did before the Avengers came along.
“Tell me if I do anything you don't like, I only want you to feel amazing, alright?” Tony murmurs against his lips, and Steve nods, lifting his head a little to steal one more little kiss. He feels Tony's smile as much as sees it, but Tony is scooting back then, lifting off his body. Steve huffs out a breath in disappointment, but Tony rewards him a moment later, trailing a path of kisses and clever touches down his chest. “Patience is a virtue, beloved.” That is spoken right up against his nipple, making Steve suck in a sharp breath when Tony scrapes his teeth there lightly.
please, please,
“Of course, always want a hug from you Mister Stark.” Steve says without missing a beat. God sometimes Steve is just unreal.
They arrived at an inconspicuously grimy looking office with very little fanfare.  It looked like the sort of place you might go to find a notary, perfectly inconspicuous in its conspicuousness.  When they walked in, Dr. Erskine said something that sounded a lot like gibberish, but Steve noted the elderly woman at the back of the office as she clipped something back up under her desk.  Steve could smell metal all around the room.
Dr. Erskine sat back in his chair, eyebrows almost as high up on his face as when he’d regarded the packed chart in the alley.  “I do not believe I have ever heard someone quite so excited to go through basic training, and yes, that is where you will go, and I will be joining you, to watch your progress.  I believe you have what it is I have been seeking.  General Phillips may disagree with me, but I have faith in what I have seen in you, Steve.”
“Oh my god Captain Cook, you are my new favorite person. I can't believe you brought me Tiramisu. Let's get married.”  If it's a little overdramatic, Steve doesn't seem to mind.  He's grinning wide, offering him another forkful of the sweet so Tony doesn't have to put his work down. Tony kind of really appreciates it, even if thinking about it too hard makes it weird. Tony is not going to overthink being fed coffee cake by Captain America while doing science. He is not ruining this for himself.
The high sound of glass cracking alerts him to the way his breath is rasping in his chest. In his hand a fine spiderwebbing of cracks runs through the whiskey tumbler. Hammer is still talking. Tony wonders if he would shut the fuck up if he threw up on his hideous alligator loafers. Probably not. Behind him JARVIS has gone terribly still in the suit, but his head is too full to contemplate what that means.
“That is the idea I'm after, gorgeous. Here you are, the most beautiful engine in the world, must put my fingers everywhere. Would you like that? Would you like my fingers-” Tony reaches over, grabbing one of the toys Steve noticed on the bed earlier. It's fairly small, only about the width of two fingers, curved to hit his prostate, with a bump on the base that nestles perfectly against his perineum. The last time Tony used it on him, he had come so hard he saw stars. “or maybe this, you came so pretty on it last time. It felt good, didn't it, big guy?” Tony is speaking so warmly, his voice full of praise.
“I'm sorry about ruining that suit.” He says unapologetically.  Tony's eyes narrow into a glare.
have great taste in facial hair.” Only Steve's arms around him keep Tony from wandering out of the room. Steve snorts, lifting him up so his feet dangle; getting a very gentle kick to the shin for his efforts.
much trouble.
“I'm trying, he's stubborn, but I guess it takes one to know one.” Steve says, and Tony knows he must be smiling.  Jan giggles, and Tony shuts his eyes against the wave of emotion that slams into him unbidden. He's surrounded by people who
“Oh Cap, he
“Tony,”  He started, but Tony talked over him, as if he was trying to get it all out at once.
“How’s that?”  He asks, sighing when Tony’s hand slips beneath his flannel pajama shirt to rub over his stomach.
“You read the comics about me?”  Steve said, feeling unaccountably shy.  He wondered if there was any truth to them, or if they’d been as over grandiose as the movies.
Later he drags himself up off the floor to shower, shave and generally gets himself in order. He's not ready to see people yet though, not fit for civil company, so he goes back down to the lab to think. A holo-screen pops up after about an hour of pacing that culminates in him throwing himself across his favorite couch in the lab while trying in vain to talk some sense into his stupid hopeful heart. JARVIS doesn't say anything, just highlighting Rhodey's number on his contact list. He stares at it for long moments. It's around one in the morning where Rhodey is, but they've both called each other before at later times than this. They're best friends after all, Tony's allowed to be annoying and scream about his relationship woes-he's earned it after listening to Rhodey moon over various people during his long post Afghanistan stint with celibacy. Still he hesitates, hopefully he won't be
“Go get your boyfriend, he's been in there all alone for I don't know how long decorating that giant thing.” Natasha says as she passes him with a mug of steaming hot chocolate.
“Yeah, feeling's mutual Sweetheart.” Tony flushes a little, reaching up to comb his fingers through the short hairs at Steve's temple. Steve wants to kiss him again, to lean down, cage him against the pillows and lay claim to that talented mouth again-but Tony is warm, snuggly, and more than a little tipsy. It wouldn't be right, no matter how the idea appeals to him.
“Sit down then Captain Handsome, I'll teach you some. You have an eidetic memory right? Should make this a piece of cake.” Tony wants to teach him to play. Tony wants to take time out of his night to teach him something. Tony is staring up at him as if Steve could possibly ever say no to him. Steve feels a rush of butterflies in his stomach so intensely that he nearly kisses Tony right then.
“Well sure, she’d tell me off for talking her up, but she’s not here for her head to get too big, so I can say what I please.” He said, smiling when that startled a laugh out of Tony. “The first thing you need to know about Sarah Rogers is that she took no lip from anyone, and she was the best alpha I’ve ever met,” He touched his fingers on the glass over her familiar face. It wasn’t as hard to talk about her as it once was, and he would’ve liked to have thought she would be proud, seeing the man he’d become.
“Oh, you’re hilarious, but Steve!  Steve, you sent me a picture of it, and here I am, giving you a one on one consult.”  Tony sat back in his chair, picked up his phone to bring it closer.  “No don’t look guilty about it, I don’t have a meeting for another half an hour.”  He was still smiling, it was a really good look on him, Steve smiled back, and listened as Tony detailed what the mysterious panel in his room was for.  It was a control hub for all the heating and cooling elements in his room.  From the temperature of his floors, to the fans and air conditioning when heat waves rolled through.  It was more advanced than even the most advanced things Steve had seen while reading through top secret briefings during the war, and it was in his room.  Tony was communicating with him from across the country, his face just as clear as if they were seated across from each other.  It was wild, difficult to process, even if he had read the manual.
“Gets lonely sometimes, round this time of year. You made it good. For all of us I think.” He says, indicating Clint and Natasha's cuddling forms. Both of them look warm and content swathed in an oversized red blanket decorated with Iron Man's faceplate.
He thinks with a rising sense of panic. The tumbler in his hand rattles.  “What do
“It's really interesting watching a you pretend at sympathy. Like seeing a dog walk on two legs. Fascinating.” The whiskey is a really nice vintage. It tastes like ash in his mouth. Ash and sand.
, Tony-” He pants out through heaving breaths. “Tony, Tony, it's-am I hurting you?” He groans, watching the flutter of Tony's lashes, the tiny dent between his brows where they've drawn together. His mind feels fuzzy, dizzy with pleasure, but Tony's expressions are important, and Steve needs to know, must know if this is as good for Tony as it is for him.
Tony doesn’t ask again.
“Cap, Steve, focus! I have another present.” Tony has rolled over on a wheeled stool. A brand new Stark Pad is summarily shoved under Steve's nose. He takes it from Tony slowly, turning it this way and that in his hands. It feels a good deal sturdier than the skinny flimsy feeling things Tony carries around with him. Probably reinforced.  “It's loaded up with everything, Jay will walk you through any questions you might have. I could teach you how to use it, but we both know I'm probably not around enough for that, as much as I'd like to be, you can always call me though, you know, if you want private lessons.”  Tony says, waggling his eyebrows.  Steve laughs, reaching out to take one of Tony's hands in his. He stills immediately, curling their fingers together and looking up at Steve cautiously.  “Sorry. Pepper says I can get a little um. Overwhelming. I can stop.”
“Still, I'm going to ask darling, we're going to talk about this.  I want you to love everything we do. Everything I do to you.” Tony winks at him more than a little salaciously, and Steve feels himself go red all over again.  He wishes he could control his expressions around Tony, but Tony seems to find it charming anyway, so he supposes it's not too terrible.
Steve clenched his jaw, and sent the shield flying.
“Fine, fine, I will desist, but you will get your potatoes, I wouldn’t deprive you.  Our second course is shepherd’s pie. Opinions, thoughts, offers of fellatio?” Tony’s eyes sparkle when Steve turns to throw a pecan at him.  “Violence, I’m hurt, Steve.”
He wondered what Tony would be like, if he’d be sweet. Steve swallowed thickly. Tony was always so sweet to him, so kind. He probably tasted sweet too, the way he smelled. Steve nearly ripped his pants off in the rush to get them off. He shouldn’t have been thinking of Tony posed like the art of the omegas in the eight pagers. It was disrespectful to Tony, but that genie had been let out of the bottle long ago. He wondered if Tony liked to feel a mouth on him, if he’d let Steve eat him out until his slick was everywhere, until it ran down Steve’s lips, over his chin. Steve would do it, get Tony so wet for him, get his legs shaking and his hole quivering around his tongue, God. He would want to show Tony he could make it good, and if Tony allowed it, if he wanted it, maybe he’d let Steve fuck him.
“You think about how to do that and I'll go try and shake some sense into my favorite idiot.” Then Steve is alone with his thoughts and a room full of beanbag chairs.
“Just this, just wanna kiss you sweetheart, we got time.”
“Hey Thor, just so you know, if you press that button-” Tony says, strolling over to indicate a tiny red button on Thor's hat. “Yeah that. Press that and you get a little holo sleigh with reindeer flying around you head. I know how you love Santa.” Thor looks delighted, and soon there is a tiny holographic sleigh orbiting his head. Hulk swipes at it, but his hand goes through the hologram. He grunts, settling his own hat: An entire holiday village-atop his head.
“I know you were feeling...under the weather and I might be your CEO, but I'm also your friend. So if I want to remind you of your schedule then I will.” She says in a tone that brooks no argument.  Tony bites his lip, eyes glittering with some emotion before he squares his shoulders and locks it down tight. Steve wonders just how bad he's feeling, just how much he's hiding from all of them right now. His breathing sounds faintly raspy under the rapid fire stream of his words, and that minty smell still clings to him.
“Nick Fury, definitely, it's the trench coat mmmm oh yeah, gets me all hot.” Tony says, shrieking and dodging balled up napkins and bits of popcorn, laughing as he hops off the couch and goes to hide behind his bar. Things being thrown at him quickly devolves into an avengers style play brawl. By the time it's over there are downy feathers from the couch cushions floating in the air, and Clint is passed out across the giant foosball table. Tony forgot they even had one of those.
“Walk you to your room?” Steve asks. His tone is casual, but his posture is slightly tense. Tony blinks slowly, licking his lips and nodding.
“He is fine, merely in need of your intervention.” JARVIS sounds amused. That more than anything assuages any worry.
“Yeah, I need to talk to you about-” He rifles through his Rolodex of villain names. “Crossbones, last time we fought him, something bothered me.” Tony's eyebrows shoot up, but he walks closer, stepping over pillows and Avengers as he goes. Natasha's head pops up from her pillow, and she shifts the pillow just beneath Tony's feet to send him toppling over.
“If I didn't I'm sure there's a reason, but don't worry, not looking into that.” He murmurs, curling up against Pepper where she's spooned up behind him. Natasha's knees slot between his, her expression relaxing as she scrapes her fingernails over his scalp gently. The last thing he hears before falling asleep is Natasha's quietly whispered
“What about that?” Steve asks, coming to a halt so abruptly that Tony nearly runs into him. Following Steve's line of sight produces a-Tony does a doubletake-giant banana plush? It's bright yellow, made of a soft velveteen material, with big ridiculous hearts for eyes. Tony starts laughing before he can even fully process what his eyes are seeing.
it was friendly. Turns out what I thought was all good competition was really just the tip of a very dark iceberg.” Tony stops there, pushing his chair back from the table to pace across the floor, stopping when he reaches the bar to pour himself another finger of whiskey. He leans against the counter with affected casualness, but Steve knows him well enough now to understand what he's seeing. Tony is shaken. Shaken and deeply upset.
“Tony, Tony, Tony, coming all the way out here to visit little old me, and you brought friends too; how much did you pay them to come with you?” Hammer sounds as nasal and slimy as ever.  Tony ignores him, nodding to Natasha, who passes him the leather folder.
him! Off to the side Natasha is polishing her nails against her uniform, Tony steadfastly ignores her.
In the morning though, he stood in front of the spotted mirror in his bathroom, and made sure his hair looked as perfect as it possibly could.  His shoes shined, his Sunday best on.  Steve turned from left to right, checking for holes or loose threads and finding none.  He remembered buying this suit, with his own money, he remembered how proud his ma’ had been, how she’d hugged him and told him how much he had grown.
Tony was quiet on the drive back to the airport, but warmed up and chattered away during the short return flight to New York.  Back at the mansion he slung an arm over Steve’s shoulders and squeezed him close, promising to send him a new uniform because his old one ripped during the whole debacle with the Moloids.  In truth Steve was not even aware there was a rip in his uniform, but Tony seemed dead set on offering a replacement, waving off Steve’s assertions that he could sew up the tear with a decisive gesture of his hand.  He seemed insulted just by the prospect of Steve taking a needle and thread to the suit.
“Take a picture, wanna send it to Tony.” Steve says, passing over his phone and standing there; managing to look both enticing and patriotic while holding a ridiculous stuffed fruit. Tony has no idea how he manages to make it work, but he
Tony always comes back after all.
“Got what we need-oh, sorry.” Jan giggles from the doorway when Tony peers at her over one of Steve's patriotically broad shoulders.
“Yeah Stark, stop making eyes at each other and get your fine ass into a couch. Oh god, did I just say that out loud? I've been listening to Cap talk about you too muc-” Carol cuts him off by winding an arm around his head and dragging him into a very intense headlock. Tony would feel bad for him, but Clint's made his painful nest, now he has to lay in it.
“Where would I go if I was a good for nothing Nazi with a hood glued to my face?” Steve muttered to himself, eyes fixed on an aerial view of somewhere in the Midwest.  Zemo would not deign to be out there, of that much he was certain. He fancied himself nobility, he had grandiose delusions, and an obsession with his own image and power. He was also big on tradition, villainous tradition, he sure liked his lairs, that ruled out a lot of hiding spots at least.
“As always talking to you is a Sisyphean endeavor. I feel like any minute now a vulture is going to swoop down and start picking at my liver. But I'm getting my metaphors mixed up. What do you want?” Tony is not playing nice with this asshole, not even for a moment.  Hammer just laughs, ignoring Tony's blatant hostility as he always does. Tony sips his drink at him in a way he hopes conveys his bitter contempt.
“C'mon, it's bedtime.” A soft, drawn out
“You make me feel like I belong already.”  He says quietly, thumbing over Tony’s kiss swollen bottom lip, rubbing at it to watch the plush skin darken further, to feel Tony’s body lean into him more as if silently demanding more kisses.
“You like it?” Tony asks, bending to tie the laces on his oxfords, smiling to himself when he gets a flustered nod from Steve in response.
Tony's head drops back, eyes shutting, as he arches up from the bed.  “Yes..just like...just like that.” Tony pants out, splaying his thighs wider between them, allowing Steve to push forward until their hips are flush and Tony's short blunt nails are digging into his shoulders.
“Aw,”  He said, he wasn’t sure about that at all, but he was glad someone thought so.  “I’m not exactly an ace choice, but he seems to like me alright anyway.”
Fuck, I love him
“Carnival games.” Clint says, taking a huge bite out of his probably ill gotten goods. Tony walks over to the kiosk, opening a panel in the armor and passing over a few crisply folded bills.
“M'tired, you're tired, where's the bed?”  Steve says, reaching out to run his fingers through Tony's hair, tousling it up into a gorgeous mess.  Tony's smile morphs into something real then. He shivers, and gets an arm around Steve's waist, stretching up to drop a kiss on his cheek.
“Everyone, take on a villain you have not clashed with before, they know your weaknesses, so switch it up.”  Steve said into the comms, after Radioactive Man got a little too close for comfort with Thor.
Steve nodded, sitting up straighter, and giving Tony an encouraging smile.  “Oh, you’re seeing someone, trying to get in the family way, congratulations.” He tried to sound happy about it for Tony, he thought he managed it. He
“Ma’am, I have your bag?”  He said, the words coming out something more a question than a statement.  He held the purse out towards her, and she gently took it from his fingers.  They were starting to feel cold, he didn’t know what was happening, who these people were.
Steve eats two funnel cakes while they walk around the carnival searching for something apparently worthy of Tony. Steve is clearly on a self assigned mission of some sort. Tony has no idea what they're searching for, but he still follows along, curious as to what Steve will end up settling on, and more than a little charmed by the idea that even right after a battle Steve's first thoughts were of him. There's powdered sugar on his bottom lip, and Tony's mouth is cold from drinking his milkshake. He thinks the two flavors would go together well, but he doubts Steve would appreciate having the helmet mashed against his face-not to mention the whole secret identity thing. Getting punched in the face by a pissed off Captain America even while in full armor is definitely not on Tony's bucket list.
that's disgusting.” Steve sounds as if the very foundations of his world have been rocked.  Tony can't help himself, he starts laughing. Steve just looks so utterly betrayed. He manages to get his smoothie back between involuntary giggles, setting off Steve in the process.  “Well that settles it.” Steve says when they've both gotten themselves back under control. Tony pointedly goes back to drinking his breakfast-earning an eye roll in response.
“Bitter, bitter! I'll have you know-” The bickering reminds him so much of the Invaders that he can almost picture them all sitting around a fire taking playful potshots at each other.  Steve tries to move then, but all he manages is a sort of sad flailing motion with his right hand. That seems to be enough to get the attention of the people in the hall however, because the next thing he knows there are loud footsteps coming towards his bed.
Forty minutes and a shower later he's in the kitchen in the armor when Steve comes walking in wearing his Determined Face. Tony sucks on the smoothie in his hand with even more concentration. It squeaks against the mouthslit annoyingly, but that doesn't deter Cap and his mad on from getting closer.
He muses to himself. The last time he felt this way he was too shy, too fearful to act on it. Seventy years asleep, and he was too afraid to tell her how he felt. He's not going to make that mistake again, even if the thought of what he's about to do has him feeling a little green around the gills.
With others there's a laugh on Tony's tongue and a joke at the ready, but when he flirts with Steve it seems different-sincere. So Steve flirts back, cautiously at first, then with increasing brazenness as it becomes wildly apparent that Tony is not going to make the first move. These days it's almost the only thing he can think of. Tony's face in the mornings, Tony's smile, Tony falling asleep in strange places, Tony, Tony, Tony. Steve feels as if he might as well be behind a window staring at something he can see but can't touch.
like to come on your cock.” Tony's voice is slightly breathless, but there's no hesitation in the way he says it.  Steve might gape a little in response, but that sounds like an order, and Steve's a military man at heart.  “Condom, yes or no?” Tony asks, grabbing the lube up again and pouring a pool of it into his hand. Steve shakes his head, leaning up to slant his lips over Tony's in a brief kiss.
“Oh.” Tony whispers, completely at a loss.
“God I hate magic, and wizards, and summoned shit.” Tony grumbles. JARVIS begins playing Lord of The Rings on one of his side displays.
He perks up like a dog hearing a squeaky toy, pushing off from his makeshift crutch and smoothing the wrinkles of his suit-the jacket's long gone, but the rest has survived the day. It's still perfectly pressed of course, save for the slight creasing at the waistcoat where it's obvious he's been hunched over.
Tony hummed, pulling his gloves fully on.  “Saving me again, big guy, I could get used to the special treatment.”  Tony blinked rapidly, pursing his lips.  “Not that I’m special.  To you.  Of course.”
“Don't think about that, god, Tony, don't think about that, I wanna see it, see you come apart, you're so sweet, so wet and good for me.” Steve's voice is a filthy growl, all heat, and Tony just can't help bucking into his hand again as he starts to stroke him at a pace he knows will undo him sooner rather than later. “Gorgeous, yeah, just like that.” Steve pants out, his hips rising up to grind against Tony's as he rides the motions of his hand, and oh god he never should have told Steve he likes to be praised.
? Frequently? We made out like a pair of teens during the party a week ago, I don't know how else to show you I mean it. Even
Steve doesn't stir until the lack of warmth at his back slowly brings up his awareness.  The room is still dark, no telling what time it is with the dimmed windows Tony seems to have in all his houses.  Distantly he can hear the shower running, and Tony humming an indistinct melody that makes Steve roll onto his stomach and smile into his pillow.
“So.” Tony says, breaking the silence at last; voice brittle with hidden nervousness. “I guess it's time to tell you all about Ty. Fuck I'm going to need a drink for this.” He mumbles the last part under his breath, sucking in a deep steadying breath.
“I think I might be uh...into Steve?” He says slowly, hesitant to even give voice to this new realization-this new, old realization.  He thought he was over his crush on Captain America years ago, but meeting the man in the flesh had only served to remind Tony that never happened. Steve in person is better than any childish fantasy he ever could have cooked up, and it's getting more difficult to ignore, not that he has any choice other than to do just that.  He's under no illusions that dating Tony Stark is, and would ever be on Steve's radar as a possibility.  JARVIS makes a series of short beeping sounds that equate to laughter. Tony scowls.
“If that's how everyone found out, then that would have been it.” He resolutely does not look at her, tapping away busily at his phone. Pepper is on the warpath, Hammer should be happy he's safely within SHIELD custody.
“Tony, I, I want to be good, for you, always for you-only for you” He says it so clumsily, tripping over his words, barely able to think with the way Tony is moving against his fingers. Tony cries out, his eyes going wide, and then he's sitting up, grabbing the back of Steve's neck to drag him into a gasping desperate kiss, pulling Steve on top of him, clutching at his hair and kissing him so messily and perfectly that Steve sags against him. His fingers have stilled, but Tony doesn't seem to care, pulling back from Steve's lips with a cut off whine and pressing his forehead against Steve's; their noses just bumping.
Steve wasn’t sure why all eyes had turned to him with such disbelief, but he reached out and clasped Iron Man’s forearm just the same.  “That I am, honor to meet you all.”  The armor was so smooth, warm to the touch,  Steve almost imagined he could feel the living, breathing person beneath it.
“Aw hell Tony, sweetheart, I'm sorry.” Steve says, anger burning down into apology as Tony pulls his hand away and shakes his fingers out.
“That obvious I’m lost, huh?”  He said, peering down into the glass case she was leaning against.
Steve tried not to choke on his nachos while Tony sat back in his chair and stuffed caramel popcorn into his mouth.  He looked almost gleeful, and Roy, well, he kind of looked like someone had spit in his milk.
“You're so wet for me, God, a gorgeous mess.” Steve says wonderingly, his fingers curling around Tony's cock in his underwear to give him a squeeze. Tony moans long and loud, red to his ears as Steve strokes him, spreading slick precome around the head and thumbing at the tip in a way that sends him arching and thrusting through that perfect grip.
“Tony.” Steve says, leaning over his back again and kissing the shell of his ear as he works a second finger in. The slide is easy, Tony let's his legs fall open and loose on the bed, turning his head to watch Steve over his shoulder. “Okay?” Steve asks, short and breathless, and wondering as he spreads his fingers wide and slides a third into the space he's created.
“Gotta, gotta take this.” Tony says roughly, turning away from Steve hurriedly and all but stumbling back over to his waiting friends. He waves at Steve on his way out, looking nervous and hunted as he goes. Rhodes stays behind under the premise of snagging some breakfast for himself, promising to meet them in the garage before they leave
It's not until the scent of aromatic spices and vegetables grows impossible to ignore, and Tony’s little robot vacuum cleaner reaches the peas near their feet, that they finally separate. Tony pulls away regretfully, sprinting over to the pan to remove it from the heat. The stew is perfectly salvageable, and so are Steve's potatoes, so all is well.  Together they finish the mash, Tony stirring in his mixture of cream and spices after Steve has thoroughly mashed them apart. It smells so incredible by the time they put it in a large baking dish and put it in the oven that Steve ends up pilfering a yogurt from the icebox before he gives up and eats all their salad in one go. Tony stands near the oven, staring into it intently as if he’s watching the breadcrumbs get crispy.  Steve wants him closer already.
“Hammer, still alive and kicking, did you take care of that rash or does your face just look like that?”  Tony asks with false cheerfulness, stepping out from around JARVIS.
anytime.
“How are you real? Oh my God, do not say that to Stark, he'll probably combust. Unreal.” Iron man sounds so incredulous that Steve feels his face contorting into what Bucky had once referred to as his 'Stubborn as an Ass' face.
He passes Iron Man in the hall on his way down, greeting him warmly and getting a wave and a polite 'Captain' in return. The suit is empty, Steve already knows. The others may be fooled, but super-hearing picks up the subtle hum of hollowness vibrating through the armor when its pilot is not in it.
“Do you see them?” The sound of a voice in this strange place startles him.
Or maybe not.
There's not much talking after that. Another hour is lost, but they do eventually stagger off for a shower. Steve gets distracted all over again when Tony steps into the bedroom in one of his obscenely well tailored suits. Around the tower it's rare to see their resident billionaire in anything other than his comfortable workshop clothes or the flightsuit. It's almost easy to forget that Tony has more jobs than any of them. Now watching him smooth the lines of his waistcoat, and chatter away to JARVIS concerning stocks-he feels a little bad for monopolizing so much of Tony's scant free time.
“Don't worry.” Steve says, broad hands securing him into the chair harness as the engines begin their telltale warm up. He knows Steve is aware he can do up the harness himself.  He has the sneaking suspicion Steve just wants to touch him-not that Tony is complaining.  “We've got your back.”
the smirk on Doom's face even if he can't see it.
“Hey stars and stripes, stop fondling the armor and hear me out-” Clint sounds amused. At some point he's acquired corn dogs from the vendor inside his perching spot. Tony stares at the curly haired teen inside who has apparently decided the excitement is over and has gone back to working the deep fryer. Tony is amazed. That kind of unflappability is impressive.  He wonders if they would like to work at S.I..
After replacing his sheets, he finally dared to pick up the tablet again. It was still on Tony’s picture, and he hastily scrolled down into the accompanying article. Maybe he shouldn’t have read it, this was something from Tony’s past, but Tony himself had spoken about it, so he obviously wasn’t trying to hide it.
“Those aren't opioid derived are they?” Tony says suddenly, sitting up straight.
“Not even, but it's been a while, I'm uh-” He seems to bite back his own enthusiasm, looking everywhere but Steve's face. “never mind.”
Tony thinks about that-about laying it all out; his identity as Iron Man, his trip to Seattle, his fears for what he's set in motion should the worst occur. No. He doesn't think Steve would still love him if he knew all that, no matter what Steve may think right now. The breath feels frozen in his chest, his lungs tight, and his eyes hot with the desire to just bawl his eyes out in his room, or maybe right here where Steve can get a really good look at what kind of mess he's given his tag to. He pushes it down though, swallows past the lump in his throat.
Happy New Year everyone!!!
“I have to go Tony, I'm sorry.” He says, with regret tinging the words.  Tony nods, head still leaned back on the couch. He looks dazed.
“Uh, Tony, Tony I'm just helping you get to bed okay?” A sleepy confused sound meets his coaxing words. The arm Tony has wrapped around himself tightens reflexively, and Steve reaches out to touch his shoulder, only to draw back when a flinch meets his touch.
“Good to see you back Mister Stark.” She says, laughing when he scrunches his face up.
“No one can see in, windows into my room are fully polarized but thank you for thinking of everything.” Tony says sincerely. Now isn't the time for jokes. Steve is probably shy about kissing, self conscious and worried he won't be good at it. Tony smiles at him encouragingly, and then Steve is leaning down, pressing his lips to Tony's cautiously.
Oh.  Oh wow.  Steve had seen something like that before, long ago in an eight-pager.  Bonding was a sacred thing, the deepest connection lovers could have with each other.  So of course, as with anything sacred, there had been a whole lot of obscene art dedicated to it.  He’d seen pin-ups too, art of flirty omegas and sometimes betas hiking up their skirts or in tiny briefs with sparkling gems high up on their thighs and precious metal around their waists.  He had never seen this particular piece of jewelry in person though, metal was scarce during parts of the war, and even before then, such fine things were far too expensive for Steve to ever had laid eyes on them.  Steve imagined Tony  like that, wearing such a thing for him, and had to force himself to swallow.  It was terribly presumptuous of course, that even if someway, somehow Steve got to courting Tony, that even then he would wear a gift like that.  Especially if he was an alpha, as Steve thought he might be, but-Steve reached out and touched over the shining metal.  It was beautiful, really, he wondered if maybe he himself could pull it off, or if maybe that would be too strange.
“No Steve, it's definitely not. I don't exactly live the most low stress existence. It's safe to say that it handles my lifestyle very well.” Further questions stall when their food arrives, and Steve sets about inhaling a truly impressive amount of breakfast. Tony can only look on in awe as Steve puts away enough food to feed a small army. He feels like his two slices of bacon, toast, and egg white scramble are pretty sad in comparison.
“That we have a visit to make to SHIELD.” Natasha finishes for him, smiling and rising to her feet, all grace and poise.  “You know, if that thing had really hurt you, we would have had to get you out of the armor.” She murmurs, looping her arm through his. Tony sighs, patting her hand and pushing off the desk, drawing his cellphone out to shoot off a few texts to his various other appointments.
“That was a test, cadet, good job.”  He turned to Dr. Erskine, clapping him on the shoulder and leaning in to whisper, a whisper Steve’s buzzing ears still caught “He’s still too skinny.”  He said, and strode off to do whatever it was generals did when they weren’t terrorizing new cadets.  Steve blinked up at Dr.  Erskine, who offered him an encouraging smile and knelt down to press his fingers against Waters’ neck.
“Come spar with me.” He blurts, and Tony leans back in his arms to stare questioningly.
I'm dedicating this chapter to my beloved esposa
“Alright then Stark, bring it.” Says Steve, crooking his finger at Tony in a way he knows will get the genius all in a huff. It works, and soon they're rolling across the mats, Tony using everything Steve and the others have taught him to put up more of a challenge than he ever has. Still, it doesn't take long before Steve has him down on his back. Most people would be offended by this, but Tony just laughs, delighted as ever by Steve's abilities. Only Tony would wear a smile on his face while Steve throws him around the gym. His tenacity and unwillingness to give up is one of the many things Steve can't get enough of.
Tony swallows thickly. He knows what Natasha would say, she would probably be shaking him right know if she knew what he was contemplating. “No” He says “pretty sure I know who the delivery boy is, I can handle it.” There's no reason to bring anyone else into this. If it
Or at least that's what he tells himself when he goes to stare at his infinity pool just to prove he can look at it without running. That's all child's play compared to the truly fucked things his subconscious cooks up once he drags his tired carcass to sleep. It's the face of the closest thing he'd had to a father looming over him and hefting a glowing light in broad familiar hands while Tony screams and chokes on his own blood.
“Okay fine Jan, yours is the prettiest, but that's because you made it.” Natasha concedes. Jan smiles wide, holding her elegant holiday themed fascinator out for Tony to ooh and ah over. It really is pretty swell.
On the way down Steve is momentarily startled by a door being thrown open to spill light out into the hallway. The scent of something spicy and warm fills the space, Steve looks over to see that he's being watched with great interest.
“You're close, so close, I can feel you,” He says wonderingly, moving as if to catch his soulmate as he sways forward, only to stop himself as footsteps thunder across the deck.
“Oh.” Tony feels like he's repeating himself. The next words tumble out his mouth without further input from his brain. “Well Steve, maybe you ought to kiss me for science then.” So much for subtlety Tony, way to keep your crush under wraps. He thinks to himself with resignation. If there's one thing he's good at though, it's rolling with things when he's really put his foot in it.
“Where is he? Let me see him-” Tony perks up. That's a new voice, but it feels like the others do. They're just outside the doorway, but Tony knows none of the people in the tower are aware he's up and walking around.
“Steve!” Tony said immediately, his gaze snapping up to meet Steve’s over the call, and then widening slightly as it roved over his face. “Hey there, Cap, how are you, is everything alright?” Tony asked, and then winced.
Steve is loading up the saddlebags with supplies when Tony comes striding in, talking a mile a minute to what sounds like Pepper on his earpiece. The others have already left, how they fit Hulk into Natasha's flying car he will never know, but he appreciates that it means Tony had called dibs on riding with Steve.
“Oh god, listen, if my vast list of negative personality traits didn't scare you off, then my morning breath will.” Tony didn't intend to say all of that, but he hasn't had any coffee yet; uncomfortable honesty is his uncaffeinated baseline.
“No, darling, this sight is only for you, besides, I made this myself, aside from the muffins, those I bought and warmed in the oven.”  He says, cool minty breath fanning between them. “That is, if you do want to have breakfast, if you don't want to go, but-” Tony bites his lip, sitting back, and Steve doesn't want that at all, Tony moving away with that look on his face.
The music kicked up at the start of the first quarter, the announcer’s voice reverberating around the stadium to the cheers of the fans.  The stadium was packed to the gills, Steve had to admit, their seats were fantastic.  They must have been pricey as all get out, and Tony had bought him a ticket.  Steve flushed a little, and grabbed a hot dog from the box when Tony held it up.
“You gonna rap my knuckles with a ruler?”  Steve eats his forkful, crunching on it maybe more loudly than strictly necessary.
Steve is struck with the desire to tell Tony he loves him again, but the words catch in his throat, lost to a moan when Tony puts his mouth on him again. Tony doesn't take him in deep at first, just kissing around the head, slipping his tongue around his foreskin in teasing licks. He doesn't know how Tony can suck him off as well as he does, it has to make his jaw hurt, but he always looks like he's enjoying it so much.
“I, I did,”  Tony’s gaze darted around, he sighed, “and I saw the pictures too.  You were always a Hero, Steve.”  He smiled, a little shyly himself, warm and sweet.  “You put the handsome in Captain Handsome.”  Tony winked, and pilfered one of Steve’s breadsticks, Steve let him, he could have it, he could have the entire plate of them if he wanted.  Steve would make more.  From another person it might have sounded like a line, and maybe flirting too, but Tony flirted the way a fish swam through water.  He probably didn’t mean anything by it.  It still made him feel overheated and off balance though.  “Anyway, that’s not why I came to see you.”  Tony sat back, and opened his hand.  The cufflinks were there, resting in his gloved palm.
He’s not afraid of the ocean, it’s been drowning him for years. He sinks down, lets it carve paths around him, lets it kick up swirling whirlpools of silt around his body-lets his knees dig divots into the sand. He sinks down and lets it wash over him, briny and salt wet-a different kind of baptismal he hopes will somehow call to the other side of his soul.
“You've been holding out on me Steven.” He grouses, pointing at Steve accusingly. “But I have decided to let that slide because I am benevolent and understanding.” He says in his best impersonation of their friendly neighborhood Atlantean.  Steve snorts in response, sitting up on the couch and winding him in to stand between his spread knees.
Tony's eyes flutter shut, and he takes a deep breath, but then he's pushing at Steve's chest, urging him up only to turn around; tossing the pillow away, and laying down on his stomach.  “Come on then, get your kicks, I've seen you staring at this
“One and a half cups of pecans, we’re making a triple serving for the benefit of your incredible metabolism.”  Tony saunters off to grab a large bag of pecans from the counter nearby, leaning against it, blue eyes soft and affectionate as Steve measures the nuts out onto the cutting board.
“Take a seat, Mister Rogers.”
“Yes, I did, I loved it.” He admits, unable to think of why he should be anything but honest in this moment. Tony leans in and presses a quick kiss to his mouth that leaves his lips tingling, just that little bit of contact leaving him wanting more.
Sorry for taking so long to get this chapter out to y'all, but holiday giftfics ate my soul and my free time.  This chapter is a lot longer than I originally intended, but what's new.
“Aw thanks, Tony, means a lot, coming from such a snappy dresser.”  He meant it too, Tony always looked so good, even coming off engineering binges with his hair a riot of curls and a smudge of grease on his face.
“Yes, Captain?” Iron Man answers back without missing a beat.  Steve blinks. The suit is empty again.
Iron man breaks it to him gently, but it's still all he can do not to collapse into himself right there. He feels heavy, weighted down and on the verge of bursting. A point of matter pulling inwards, black holes sucking in light. He saw them in the tesseract once. He feels that dread now like a physical blow. It leaves him raw and shaking in the little bed of the medbay where he sits with his outdated gear and the shield a dead man gave him.
.” Gone is the usual teasing tone of voice. For the barest moment Steve hears harsh panicked breathing over the comms, and then it goes quiet-the line silenced.
So maybe it
“I meant it. This is pretty amazing. You must think it's amazing too-unless I guess if everything is like this stuff now.”
The links were right where he’d left them, sitting on top of the other, more personal gift.  The gift he would very likely never give, but this at least he could do.  Tony would wear them all day.  They’d be on his wrists, all day long, Steve’s gift.  Steve swallowed, tucking the little red box against his chest and jogging back towards the kitchen.
"Don't worry about it."  Tony says on a yawn-and Steve watches with bemusement, and admittedly a tiny sliver of jealousy as Thor tears a piece of the doughy sweet off and holds it out to Tony on his fork. Who eats bread with a fork anyway? Tony however seems unperturbed by the gesture, shrugging and happily accepting the bites he's offered-sipping his coffee in between.
“Settles what Winghead?”
“Tony...you like-that?” Steve pants out. Wide dilated eyes meet his when Steve brings his hand away from Tony's hip to stroke over one flushed cheek.
“Love you Steve, I just. Yeah. Can we go watch a movie? I know it's early, and you have things to do-” The last thing he wants to do right now is go lay in an empty bed with his thoughts. His mind is a riot of anxiety and ugly memories, but Steve is smiling, as if his request isn't pathetic at all.
“Might have but no one will believe you.” Steve says, grin becoming a grimace when he shifts his back up against a tree and it jars his arm. Iron man swears under his breath, rubbing Steve's shoulder and muttering to himself. The servos whir quietly, motions liquid smooth, Steve is grateful once more for Tony's engineering genius. The suit allows fine motor control, but it's also strong enough, precise enough for what is needed now.
Just as he begins to get melancholy about the prospect of never being able to make out with Steve while armored, the Seattle branch comes into view. When he arrives inside, the facility is dark. All the manufacturing bots are powered down, a strange thing even at three in the morning. Silent alerts blink everywhere as Tony tries to creep through the building as quietly as possible. Tony makes a mental note to work on a stealth armor. Thankfully the building is almost entirely empty; save for custodial staff and security which are not cleared for this area as it is. JARVIS assures him everyone still in the building is unharmed, but Tony still checks through every feed to make certain. Satisfied with the safety of his employees, he wends through the darkened halls. The envelope sits facing the basement reactor, placed atop a metal table with a hydroponic planter full of experimental seedlings meant to grow food even in the dark.
“What I said in the jet, on the way here.” Tony feels the bottom drop out of his stomach. Steve is going to take it back. After what Hammer said about him he's going to say it was a mistake. Maybe he still wants the physical aspect, but telling Tony he loved him was a mistake. Tony's heard this before, Steve will probably be nice about it, but in the end it always means the same thing.
“You have won me sole custody of the gaming device for a week, and ten boxes of my favorite Midgardian snacks with your much anticipated union fair shieldbrothers. Long has Steven lusted-” Thor continues on, seemingly oblivious to Steve choking on a cough next to the stove. Beside him, Tony's eyes are slowly growing more round as Thor describes their mutual pining in great and embarrassing detail.
“Mister Stark. Are you doing this...for free?” He asks, suddenly needing to know the answer to that question more than anything.
“Pack a bag?  We going somewhere?”  Steve asked, already itemizing what to throw in his go bag.
“God, Tony-” Steve groans, drawing his hand away and curling his fingers in Tony's hair.
“Now, let’s see, what do you think of this, for your first courting gift then?”  Julia said, shifting boxes around until she found one with rows of small square compartments.  Tucked within each square were all sorts of fancy cufflinks.  Some were polished precious metals, others were enameled or inset with gemstones.  “This is a nice, neutral sort of gift, it says ‘I’m interested’ without being presumptuous.”
“You're really doing this?” He says wonderingly. “You know, you don't have to go through all this trouble.” Tony lets his lashes dip, watches Steve's gaze sharpen a little. “Don't have to butter me up Cap, you can have me, anytime, anywhere.”
“I don’t need charity Mister Lorenzo, I’m good for it, got enough jack.”  Steve knew he probably looked like he only had a few wooden nickels to rub together, but he wasn’t about to start taking people’s handouts.  Other people could use that more than him.
“Yeah well I am, and I'm going to sleep. And Tony-”
He knows he's not supposed to touch but he can't help turning his head, pressing his cheek against Tony's, reveling in the way Tony's beard feels on his smooth clean shaven jaw. He smells so nice, all spice and expensive cologne, like the men Steve could never have hoped to touch Before. Like Cary Grant might have, or Clark Gable -but Steve can smell himself there too, on Tony's mouth, on his skin, because Steve
“You make me happy too, I-I’m glad you suggested this, glad you thought of it.  I didn’t think we could just be like this, I thought you wouldn’t want-I thought-”  Steve huffs with the frustration of trying to put a name to his feelings. After burying them for so long, it’s always difficult to bare parts of himself, even to Tony, maybe especially to Tony, because he wants so much to be at his best around him.  “I thought just being together like this wouldn’t be enough for you.” He finally says, all in a rush.
“Thank you green bean, you warm the cockles of my heart.” Mission accomplished he comes sauntering back into Steve's space.
a matter of national security then. He lives an interesting life apparently.
“Oh you're full of something, Stark.” Clint says, from his spot dancing atop a speaker. Steve has never seen anyone hip thrust to Bing Crosby, but he can't say it comes as a surprise. Steve is fairly certain Clint's cheerful holiday beer can helmet is full of rum spiked eggnog.
“Yeah? Really? I uh-you liked it?” His thoughts feel slower than usual, warm and happy, and floating. The way they are when he and Tony are together like this. Tony just smiles, leaves tiny kisses over Steve's inner thigh that make him shiver pleasantly.
Steve doesn't want to put him down. He wants to sit in the bed and just hold him close, stroke his hair, soothe the bruises he knows hide beneath the well tailored lines of his suit-but that's not right. Tony didn't ask for that, and Steve's not going to do anything without getting permission first. Besides, he needs to court Tony properly before even thinking of getting into a bed with him-late night guilty fantasies notwithstanding.
When Tony pulls back Steve stares up at him blearily. Tony's mouth is so red, swollen with kisses and oh God-from sucking Steve off earlier. His eyes seem almost bluer than usual, so, so blue, like the sky, or diluted fra angelico pigments he could never afford when he went to look at them as a poor aspiring artist decades ago.
His contemplation was broken up by the raucous singing of a group of betas leaning on each other as they walked.  He could smell that they weren’t alphas or omegas, several of them wore gloves, one of them was conspicuously missing one.  Steve wondered if they knew where they were, this wasn’t exactly the best place to be drifting around all in a sozzled stupor.  Especially not with the fine jewelry they all had adorning their fingers.
“Steve, put him down, you're going to kill him, and then you'll end up getting arrested.” Jan says, hands up in a placating gesture.
“Sure, let yourself in, door’s open.”  It wasn’t up to his usual standards.  He would have gotten up, opened the door for his guest and welcomed them in, but at that moment it was almost too much effort to even be upright.
“Hi there, having trouble sleeping?”  He said, coming to a stop a few feet from Steve.  He was in the remnants of a slim cut suit with fine silver pinstriping, hands in his pockets, his expensive looking oxford shirt unbuttoned to the hollow of his throat.  Steve gulped on a swallow.
He can't think much after that, lost in the way Tony has begun bouncing atop him, the clutch of his body, the glitter of his eyes, the way he pulls and pinches Steve's nipples.  Tony is making sounds too, soft gasps and low pitched whines. Those sounds; the sounds of Tony's enjoyment, the thought that he's making Tony feel good-he wants that, for Tony to keep moaning, to ride him and come all his over chest maybe; that would be incredible.
Tony was there too, drinking coffee in the kitchenette, with a big bowl of something at his right elbow.  When he noted Steve, he smiled hesitantly, and came over in his stockinged feet, holding a steaming bowl of soup out to Steve, who took it wordlessly.  Tony nodded in approval and sat on the couch when Steve did with his left side pressed up tight to Steve’s in a long point of warm contact.  His shirt was unbuttoned partially, his inky hair a little sweaty at the temples, he had a tablet in his free hand, he looked to be writing an email.  Steve put his spoon down.
“Oh yeah, right as rain, good as ever.”  He sounded a little shaky, Steve slung an arm over his metal shoulders.
“First we're going to go eat, because you haven't eaten in hours and you have the metabolism of a bird. Also Bruce is making mie goreng and I would kill for those noodles.” Tony's love of all kinds of pasta is well known, Steve files away the name of the dish to look up later. Maybe he can attempt making it for Tony some other time.  He's glad Tony's kitchen is set up to be so fireproof.
“Greetings Captain Rogers, if you should ever need my assistance I can be found in all the common living areas as well as Mister Stark's workshop and the garage. Simply speak to me and I will offer what I can.” Steve thinks his eyes might just pop right out of his head.
There was no shortage of celebrities and dignitaries in the gossip rags.  Glitzy alphas and betas and even the occasional omega.  Valentino still had them all beat, but Cary grant might have given him a run for his money, or Grace Kelly.
“Rhodey, okay, can do. So, what's shakin' bacon, need me to do something for you? Because I hate to break it to you but that ship has unfortunately sailed.”
“C'mon, we're going to get shoved standing around on the sidewalk like this.” Tony suggests, going quiet when Steve hums, pulling back to tip Tony's chin up with one hand. He smiles, brushing their lips together and then putting space between them.
Steve is going to learn how to use this tablet, and then hopefully he is going to rock Tony's world. Tony Stark is a stubborn guy, but Steve Rogers out stubborned a glacier, he thinks that has to count for something.
“I can't believe he got him to eat breakfast and it wasn't a smoothie.” Pepper says under her breath so quietly that without super-hearing Steve would have missed it. She seemingly shakes herself though, flipping open one of her files and clearing her throat to start listing off appointments and obligations as if she never stopped.
Tony drummed his fingers on the desk, biting his bottom lip and shaking his head. Steve couldn’t help but notice he was wearing the cufflinks. “Sorry, I uh, wasn’t expecting you to pick up so quickly. I just noticed um, that the quinjet was missing, and so was my favorite hero in red white and blue…”
Tony can't help laughing at that.  “Tweety, you wore...you wore a
It hits him with sudden dizzying clarity just how much he
“Good night-good night, sweetheart.”  Steve gets out before he can think better of it.  Tony's arm tightens around him though, and light kisses feather over his cheek, and his temple.
“Everything is set up as best as it can be. Thank goodness for the Tabula Rasa protocol.” Pepper answers, rolling her sleek little phone up into a tube smaller than a lipstick and tucking it into a hidden pocket in her blazer. Tony resist oohing at the nifty technology only just barely.
“Steve,” He says quietly “are you alright there darling?”
Very slowly he sets his tablet down.
adjective
“Doesn't matter that he's rich and a genius, that kind of thing can happen to anyone. Lotta terrible stuff happens behind closed doors.” Steve continues undeterred.  Tony swallows. That kind of hits a little too close to home. He wishes suddenly that someone like Steve had been around for him when he was young. He could have used those words when he met-some of the people he met. Tony shakes himself from those dark thoughts however, it's not the time to think about that.
That I've never been,
Behind his eyelids stars burst. A glowing cube held aloft blinks and winks, it feels sinister somehow. Tony knows it, remembers it-drawings on paper, Howard yelling in frustration as it refused to give up its secrets. Tony loves the stars, bright and shining, high above, fascinating to think that their light can reach the earth long after the source has died.
He doesn't think Tony knows he speaks Italian, but he can't help the way the words make his heart beat a little faster, even as he hastily brushes his teeth in the bathroom, and takes a speedy shower.  “C'mon soldier, get out there and do your best.” He tells himself in the mirror, combing some pomade into his hair and parting it the way he knows Tony likes. He leaves his shirt off, only stepping back into the pajama pants out of habit.  Maybe he should go back into the room naked? No, Tony does always say he likes unwrapping his presents. Steve blinks at his reflection, trying to will that hot red flush away, but not quite managing it. Right. He's made Tony wait long enough as it is.
Tony's nicknames
Tony stares at him for a long moment of silence before responding.“This is all I want, you are everything I want.  Steve, honey, do I look like there is anywhere else I would rather be than with you?” Tony doesn’t wait for a response, choosing instead to lean in and capture Steve’s lips in a kiss.  It eases the tension from them both almost immediately. Tony is such a good kisser, Steve could write essays about how well he kisses, the way he makes him feel hot and molten at his core with just a brush of his lips, as if he could never feel cold again.  “Oh darling, I’ve been dreaming of spending time with you like this.” He speaks against Steve’s lips, into the minuscule amount of space between them. Steve slips both hands beneath the robe, and pulls him in for another kiss.
“I do a lot more than kiss on first dates, and this is our second one.” Tony murmurs against Steve's lips, reaching under the table to slide his hand over one of Steve's jean clad thighs.
“Shove it Iron Panties, he's not one of my people.” Hawkeye grouches, turning his nose up. “We had better costumes.”
His chest
“What's he avoiding, did he try to weaponize one of my paintbrushes again while I was gone?” That had been an interesting surprise. Steve remembers staring at the charred hole in his canvas for a good five minutes before Tony sheepishly admitted he may have gotten inspired after watching a James Bond movie. Steve pulls his shirt on, glancing around the room for anything out of place.
Steve sighs, turning to go back to his room so he can catch a shower of his own. Clint is behind him, looking like a cat that got the cream. He blinks at Steve though, eyes going down to his chest and staring in a way that makes Steve want to cover himself for some reason.
“Thank you Doctor Banner, and thank you sugar britches, I appreciate the effort.”
“Oh shit-” Iron Man says.
“You are still shivering, stop whining Stark.” Anyone else might balk at having the Black Widow approaching them in a semi menacing fashion, but Tony just looks nonplussed.
"It is a fine food my friend, I would offer you some but I am afraid your faceplate defeats me on this day."  Thor says solemnly, the effect is ruined however when he spoons another massive bite of the sweet into his mouth.
Iron man goes down to a knee, arm wrapped protectively around his own chest. Steve is at his side in an instant, but Iron man flaps a quelling hand in his direction.
He's aware that he's got it bad. the last time he was this gone on someone he was being shot at while holding a shield he wasn't entirely certain offered any protection
The bed dipping and Tony murmuring to him wakes him up the second time.  He can smell baked goods, coffee, and bacon, but he still doesn't move, cracking one eye open to glance back at Tony.
“You do, really?”  He can't imagine why, no one he's ever been with has ever been all that keen on his technique so to speak.  Compared to Tony, he can't imagine that he could make Tony feel as good as Tony always makes him feel.
“Hands up, sparkles,”  Iron man said, hovering just behind Steve, his palms pointed towards Amora with the repulsors a bright glowing blue.  Amora shrieked in response, magic ballooning forth from her in an explosion like a dam breaking.  Steve jumped up to shield Tony, but was caught up by him instead, the jet boots carrying them up in a steep ascent that made Steve very glad he’d not eaten soup for breakfast.  “God I hate magic.”  Tony said over the comms.
He caught up with Bucky in Central Park.  Except that wasn’t Bucky.  Bucky was dead, gone, because Steve was not able to protect him.  Even while chasing the illusion he knew, but there was still a hope, some distant sliver of possibility.
“Steve, Cap, please don't go all Brooklyn bruiser on Justin Hammer. The guy's built like balsa wood, you would snap him like a twig.” It's not that Tony has any qualms about punching Hammer himself, but Steve would probably feel bad if he seriously hurt the moron.  Steve grunts, urging Tony to settle against him once more.
The movie went on, on the screen, the main character was running around while explosions went off everywhere.  He had terrible form.  The feeling of Tony’s hand slipping out of his hair made him look up.  Tony leaned down, his lips next to Steve’s ear.  “You look nice, um.”  He smelled like caramel popcorn.  “By the way, I don’t know if I made that clear.  You look great.”
“I don't need any commentary from the peanut gallery!” Tony growls, giving up and rolling over onto his stomach to yell his frustration into a pillow. JARVIS just tuts at him knowingly. The meeting in the morning is going to be an absolute disaster.
“Christ, Steve, that's...you're-” Tony swallows, rolling his shoulders to sit up slightly and look down between their bodies. “Oh my god, you're hard again, how is that possible?”
doing the whole courting thing.” He blurts out, and Rhodey nods as if that makes sense, swinging his legs to get out of bed and walking over to the couch in his hotel room. Wow. Tony kind of expected a solid telling off for waking Rhodey to talk about his feelings for Steve. Rhodey just kind of looks like he was expecting it; sprawling across his couch and settling his phone on a stand on the coffee table to stare at Tony. He turns his wrist, clearly waiting for Tony to continue.  “At least I think he is, he said he was but what-I don't know, anyway.  What the
“Oh my God, Tony.” He gasps, ignoring Tony's satisfied little chuckle.
“Is that a verb, a noun, or an adjective, old man?” Tony asks, turning in his seat and throwing his legs over Steve's knees.
Which is why it comes as a complete shock that he finds himself believing in Steve-and in the Avengers. Tony thinks that maybe he should know better, but none of them seem to have ulterior motives. They welcome him as both Iron Man and as Tony Stark, even though the two of them are so different they may as well be two different people. He wants so badly to let them in closer, but he can't, he just can't.  He wants to though, more than anything.  It's a terrifying prospect, yearning for something, for love, for companionship, that soft, needy feeling that always leaves him feeling peeled open and raw.  Up until Steve joined them, he thought he had everything under control.  God it was going to hurt when he inevitably fucked it up, if he hadn't already done so with his little display at the gala.
“No, It’s alright, thank you though, for all your help ma’am, I woulda been lost without it.”  He said, and he meant it.  Julia seemed almost taken aback, but took his bank card when he handed it over.  Wasn’t that something, bank cards.  You could swipe one of those and know immediately if you were good for it, if you had the jack.  In Steve’s time credit and bank accounts had been far more complicated.  He supposed it cut down on theft, Jan said almost no one carried cash on them anymore.
He still misses the past terribly. There are nights he wakes in a cold sweat, gasping for breath and reaching for things he will never get back, but Tony is always there to welcome him back-to gentle him down from memories that make him ache with loss.
In the morning he wakes on his back with Tony sprawled across his chest. Somewhere in the jet he hear Natasha and Clint bickering. He's never slept through the team moving around, always up and alert the moment one of them wakes-but not this morning. Steve is often cold, even if he knows it's probably all in his head, but he's warm this morning with Tony laying atop him radiating heat.
“That is what she said.” Clint all but crows.  Iron Man's groan is almost drowned out by Clint's resultant yelp when Jan pokes him between the ribs. He wonders how Clint heard them before it dawns on him that he never turned his own group comms off. He would feel sheepish about it, but he's not ashamed of anything he said, and he's sure the team feels the same way he does about the thought of losing Iron Man-even if they don't have quite the same place for him locked away in their hearts.
Don't waste your life, he had said-and tony wonders if he has made up for it yet, if anything he's done can make up for the red soaking his ledger. Tony thinks back on his life; a dirty bomb of poor choices leaving collateral damage wherever he points his memories. Thinks of Steve and his gentleness, and pushes that away.
“You should name her Gal. She looks like a Gal.” Steve is looking down at the cat like he might like to pet her too. Tony chuckles under his breath.
Later, much later Happy brings the limo around and helps him in. He misses the concerned look Happy shoots at Steve and his answering headshake-too busy pouring himself a drink from the car's minibar, too drained to do anything but down one glass before slumping back on a wide bench seat with another in his hand. The ice clinks as Happy pulls away smoothly from the curb. Tony closes his eyes and tries not to think of explosions. He
Inside the house is well kept and cozy. Big windows in the kitchen let in long bands of golden sunlight. A window-seat takes up another wall. Built in bookshelves packed with books line the walls of the living room. The whole house is stocked for various different hobbies; one room holds an easel, art supplies, a violin, and what looks like a vintage piano. Another houses boxes upon boxes of craft supplies for everything from knitting to train sets. There are two bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a detached garage that's almost bigger than the house itself. Tony stays in there for an hour, finally getting to reunite with the trio of bots he knows are his. They whir and click in a way that can only be described as excited; crowding around him to seemingly check him over for injuries. The biggest one, Dum-e rests his pincered claw atop Tony's head.
“Oh I. Well.” Tony stammers, his cheeks flushing his olive skin a brilliant scarlet. “Then yes, museum sounds great, so great.”
“Ooh really? Well, Captain America can't tell a lie, chop chop.” Tony says imperiously, indicating said underwear with a wave of his hand.
“Captain America, you idiot, that's Captain America, and you or whatever the hell you're involved in nearly caused a major injury to an Avenger.”
“You're terrible.” Steve groans, laughing despite himself.
“Yeah, working on a more streamlined armor, it's a lot of detail work-” Tony yawns, rubbing his face against Steve's leg sleepily. “I'll finish it tomorrow I think, fingers were going numb.” He finishes, sighing when Steve scratches lightly over his scalp.
“Hey big guy, you ready to go to bed?”  He sounded so fond, so sweet, and a little worried too.
“If I was an Avenger it's what I would do, I can't risk all of you, not like that, we-you can't take him by surprise if he's already expecting it.” Around the room the others are shifting around uncomfortably. Steve wonders what his face must be doing, because Tony takes one look at him and his gaze darts away.
JARVIS wisely says nothing, merely projecting a large screen. On it Tony is where he remembers falling asleep. It stays like that for a while before a shadow falls across the doorway, and Tony is treated to the surreality of Captain America carrying him to bed with all the care one might expect from a lover.
“God..you. You're so
“Someone needs to tell Thor to come down and stop doing the Macarena on the deck, he's making the crew nervous.” Another voice, deeper, playful, he reminds Steve of Bucky when he was feeling particularly like taking the piss. There's the sound of metallic whirring, heavy footsteps. Steve feels the vibrations even where he's laying. Whatever or whoever is walking must be
“What, alive?” He deadpans, too exhausted to even react when the gold and red faceplate bobs in a hesitant nod.
His wondering was interrupted by Iron Man’s return.  He was holding a large navy blue blanket bundled in his arms.  “Here we go, special delivery.”  Iron Man stepped up close, unfolding the blanket and beginning to tuck it around Steve’s seated form.  It was warm, really warm, and smelled of something metallic, and woodsy and spiced.  Oh.  He wondered if it belonged to Iron Man himself, to Tony Stark.  Steve covertly tucked the blanket a little closer as it heated further.  Tony Stark was probably an alpha then, if his blankets smelled like that.  Steve felt his ears go a little red.  He’d cuddled plenty of other alphas after a rush, bedded a few too.  He wondered if Iron Man was coming down from a rush at the moment just as he was.
Steve swallowed the lump of emotion in his throat.  It was a lot of trust, it didn’t escape his notice that he had the hopes of countless people riding on the success of the coming day.  He hoped that trust would not be unfounded.
they get the whole secret identity thing. And Steve would be lucky to have you, okay. I mean what the hell man, it's so obvious he wants the whole white picket fence things with you that I'm going to start picking out wedding colors for the two of you.”
“Just Steve Rogers is fine, don't wanna be Cap all the time. Sometimes I just want to come home to my sweetheart.” It's ridiculous, Steve talking to him like this as if he's some kind of war bride waiting for a soldier to come back home, but as usual Steve's sincerity means he pulls it off. Judging from the smile on his face he knows he's pulling it off too.
“Don't be a buzzkill birdbrain, you're just mad because you taught him how to do the booty bump and he hip checked your flat ass across the living room.” Metallic. That's the first word that comes to mind. Almost as if whoever is speaking is doing so through copper pipes. The rhythm of the words is fast, a whipcrack of intelligence behind them.
his mind is sharp.
Tony shoots off a text to Happy after a moment of fiddling with his phone. JARVIS helpfully throws little fireworks animations all over his screen. Tony squints.
________________________________________________________________
“Oh I will, I hope you know what you're asking for.” Steve says, low an helplessly aroused.
“Yeah. Uh-” Tony takes a good look at himself. “Yeah, tell him I'll be right down. Just gonna change.” He says faintly. His phone vibrates in his pocket, and JARVIS pops the message up on a floating screen while Tony digs through his closet for some new threads. It's from Pepper, just two words:
“Tony. If that's how you feel why are you fighting this?” Rhodey asks, more gently than he probably deserves.  Tony shuts his eyes, digging his teeth into his bottom lip before steeling himself enough to speak.
They had lost a generation of omegas to the combined forces of the great war and the Spanish Flu, and they were been rare to begin with.  Everyone had hoped the peace would last, that maybe their numbers would recover, but the person in line ahead of him smelled a little like vanilla cookies, sweet, heady, and wrapped in spice.  A young omega, just as young as Steve himself.  Steve knew they would not be allowed out on the battlefield, no matter how much they wanted to fight.  He knew they would likely be held back, too valuable to be sent out on the front lines, if they were allowed to join up at all.
Outside it's cold, but Tony stands close, lets Steve put an arm around his waist while they watch the snow building up along skyscrapers. The city still isn't quiet-New York City never really is-but the snow brings a certain stillness that rain just can't replicate. Tony is silent for a while, turning into Steve's chest and warming his nose against his neck.
though, and there doesn't seem to be anyone around.
“Alright, but Tony you’ve only got one ticket.”
“Yeah, take care of him. No debrief okay Shellhead. Just rest.” No answer comes from inside the suit. If JARVIS is taking control it must be bad, but Steve knows a secret when he sees one. Still, concern ties his stomach into knots even as Doom is rounded up and taken into custody.
as they get to Tony's bedroom door.
him there. Steve's mind fuzzes out unable to comprehend just how arousing all of this is. He strips off his other glove, hand going down to stroke through dark curling strands, tugging gently to hear Tony gasp. No one has ever done anything remotely like this to him before. He's not a virgin, but this, this is something
“What now?  That wasn’t too bad.”  Steve says, eager now to see what they can make.  A little bit because he has someone to walk him through it, and a lot because maybe Tony will stay close, let him steal a few more kisses.
wants to know though is
Tony blessedly didn’t press, leaving him to ride out the rest of the come down without any embarrassing slips on Steves part.  At some point the room got warmer, he didn’t know how, but he was pretty sure the heater was on.  He wondered if Tony had something to do with that.  The suite was quiet, he heard Tony walking around in front of the door in the sitting area multiple times, heard him talking out on the balcony instead of indoors, and even then in hushed tones.  When Steve finally emerged, there were take out containers waiting for him on the coffee table.
“And after that?”
. Snap out of it Stark.
“I promise, I didn’t read any of the letters, but I didn’t want them out there in some museum, those were your private thoughts.” Tony scooted closer, pressed his leg against Steve’s, he wasn’t meeting Steve’s eyes, but he did put an arm around him and press close, the way he had in the hotel back in Foxborough. He squeezed a little more tightly when Steve leaned into him. “Some of the more delicate stuff I had sealed in museum glass so um. Don’t be alarmed when it gets here.”
“They're watching the movie, it's a long explanation, sure you still want to know?” Tony asks, unsure and proud of himself all at once as is his trademark.
“It’s alright son, you’ve done marvelously, you can relax now.”  She wove her way over, her steps short and measured.  There was a little pin on her blouse now, she was air force.  Steve felt like his world was sliding a little sideways.  What in the blue blazes was going on?
There are myths around soulmates. Legends that tell of memories being left behind if a soulmate dies before meeting their other half. Sometimes in the dark, when the creaking of a plane is loud in his ears, and there’s ice in his lungs-sometimes he thinks of those stories.
“Yeah, I know, but he doesn't have to be alone. He's got me-us-uh the Avengers.” Steve is stammering,  Tony never imagined someone built like Cap could sound so flustered.  Tony watches with fascination as Steve's eyes dart around and his cheeks turn a pretty shade of pink. No. That's...that's impossible.
“Just doing my job.”  It felt good to say that, to have a purpose, even in this strange new century.
Steve has enough presence of mind to realize he's failing at his promise. It feels lifetimes ago now, a moment he goes back to time and time again in the dark hours between laying down and actually falling asleep.
“Yeah, yeah, I know about the whole-” He flaps his hand expansively. “Reverse psychology thing and that he's actually secretly doing a happy little tap dance that I'm funding this team and keeping us away from the world security council's grubby little fingers.”
“Uh huh, they said they saw it in the Daily Bugle.”
“Ceasing recording now, thank you for that. I am invoking the law of one party consent, as of now this conversation is over. Thank you for your contribution.” JARVIS is the best, Tony thinks distantly.  Hammer starts sputtering, getting right up in Iron Man's face. Or he would, if he could reach.
“Yes, it was all of that, but I'm not going anywhere unless you want me to. Tony-” He says, tugging Tony up into his arms to kiss over his face, ignoring the muttering that elicits. “Tony, I know this might come as a shock to you, because you're one of the most oblivious sons of a gun I've had the pleasure of knowing..”
He finally managed to fall asleep a few hours before dawn thankfully. A fitful sleep he woke up from feeling equal parts aroused and melancholy. He went to the hotel gym to try and work off some of the excess energy in his system, but returned before the game to shower and change into his uniform, and pull the Seahawks gear Tony sent him over it.  He grabbed the portfolio with his shield in it for good measure.
“I know that must have been difficult for you to admit, thank you; I like touching you too honey.” Tony murmurs against Steve's lips, mouth opening against his when Steve pulls him closer to deepen the kiss. Tony really is a fantastic kisser. A fantastic lover. He asks for so little. The first time they slept together Steve wasn't sure what to expect, but Tony is so good. So kind, and sweet, and patient. Nothing like the tabloids paint him out to be. He treated Steve's inexperience as nothing important, never made him feel embarrassed for not knowing things, and god, the things he could do with his
“Need you to close your eyes until we get to the car. There's lots of stuff in here that might set you off.” Bucky is walking at his left, a baseball cap covering his shoulder length brown hair, and a single black glove hiding the hand of his metal arm like a murder strutting Michael Jackson.
“Sure Cap, what's got you all-” he gestures at Steve's rigid posture expansively. “angry Cap faced?” Steve frowns, a little dent forming between his brows as he does.
Tony smiles, holding up a box of tiny gum paste jingle bells.  “I know big green, brought these just for you. Party next week too. I'm having hats made.” Thor perks up at that, snatching his hand away from where it's been creeping towards Natasha's box of cookie dough.
“Sir-” JARVIS interjects. “It appears The Grinch will be playing in five minutes, would you like to watch it.”
He loses time after that, blinking in and out of wakefulness, catching snippets of the team ribbing each other and heckling the movie. Steve doesn't stop touching him the entire time, Tony's not sure he's ever felt quite this relaxed in his life. Even the Arc sitting heavy in his chest doesn't feel as uncomfortably oppressive as it usually does.
“That suit does not offer enough shielding, Steve, big guy, I can make you something much better, God!”  He said, and then went marching off towards his lab, only to appear a few days later looking mussed and bright eyed, and definitely over caffeinated, holding an incredible scale mailed tactical suit. It was comfortingly heavy, but still light and easy to move in, with enough pouches for all his gear, and, as Tony explained somewhat hesitantly, after a fight he could activate the heating system running throughout the entire suit.  There were no words for that kind of kindness, so Steve gathered Tony close in a hug, careful not to squeeze too tightly.  Tony was stiff at first, but then relaxed and returned the hug with enthusiasm, pressing gloved palms to Steve’s back and not letting go until Steve stepped back.
“No.” Tony is so stubborn, Steve wonders if there's a gene for stubbornness, if so, both he and Tony probably have it in a big way.
“I look pretty in red just so you know, I refuse to wear a white tux. It's gotta be...gotta be red.” He croaks out with none of his usual savoir-faire.
“Easy is not a word I would associate with you.” Steve chokes out.
“You are so ridiculous.” Steve groans, hanging his head.
He's never touched Tony like this, never put his fingers inside him.  Always too worried it would hurt, that Tony wouldn't like it. Tony is asking him to, no,
“You'll feel bad if you seriously injure him.” Sam reasons, ever the voice of logic, even when he's doing loop-de-loops in the sky and antagonizing Barton. Okay, so maybe Sam is just as much of a danger junkie as the rest of them, but that's not the point.
Atop him Tony shifts, leaning up to meet his eyes.  “Yes darling, you make me very happy, happier than I’ve ever been.”  The look on his face is too warm, too much, but Steve can’t look away.
“That. Is not fair.” Tony whines, grumbling when Steve hugs him tight and kisses his cheek, then kisses his cheek a few more times.  “Okay! Okay fine! You've...
“I'm just gonna go boss, you two kids have fun.” Happy says, climbing out of the car as he speaks. Tony waggles his eyebrows after Happy's retreating back and then crawls right up into Steve's lap again.
“Just think on it, you need not risk yourself needlessly when there are alternatives.” With that, Thor turns on his heel, nodding over to Natasha as he exits the room.
JARVIS might be an AI, but Tony had been right when he said he was alive.
Tony cuts him off sharply.  “Obie huh, didn't know you were so close.” Ice clinks against the rim of his half empty whiskey tumbler when Tony swirls it with affected casualness. Tony is typically a glass half full kind of person, but a conversation with Justin Hammer can make any cup look low on alcohol.
“Tony you need to tell everyone. I don't think anyone on the would object to you being an Avenger.  You're important to the team, you have to know that by now.”  She says it so matter of factly, but Tony doubts it, he doubts it a lot.
Afterwards he disappears off for days, locking down the lab and refusing to see anyone. Steve still leaves food by the blacked out doors, and is gratified when he makes another circuit and finds it gone.
“C’mon Iron Man, it’s showtime, whaddya say we put on a halftime show of our own.”  He said, after pulling his Seahawks shirt off, and pulling on the cowl.  He hoped his headwings weren’t squished.
“I can't believe I got woken up for this.” Tony grouches, circling at a wider distance as Thor begins gathering his lightening.
“What! Why would he-” Steve thinks about that, thinks about every time he's given Tony a compliment only to have it turned around into something self deprecating, or deflected into losing its meaning. He thinks of the way Tony looks at him, a way he doesn't look at anyone else. It used to be a sort of reverence reserved for pictures in history books, now it's-
“Hey thanks, real swell of you, I just,”  Steve struggled to put it into words, his gratitude, and what he wanted, but he couldn’t.  He couldn’t ask anything more of Iron Man, he’d already asked for enough.  He was letting Steve stay in his house for Chrissakes.  “Thanks, you’re a real pal, I’m lucky you all found me.”  He looked up at Iron Man, who had gone utterly still for a moment.  He tucked the blanket over Steve’s arm and squeezed his shoulder.
work-but I don't have to understand you to love you. And I do. Love you Tony.” Steve says, turning redder and redder as he speaks. It shouldn't be romantic, a love confession in an unused SHIELD room certainly isn't the choreographed production some of his lovers have performed, but they hadn't meant it then, had they?
True to his word, Steve is knocking on the blacked out lab doors a few hours later. Tony sets down his welding torch and strips his protective gloves off, zipping the leather welding jacket up to his neck once his hands are free. The arc is covered by a bulletproof half-vest that ends just under the bottom of his pectorals. Rhodey calls it his Iron crop top. Tony doesn't care, he loves crop tops. Rhodey just doesn't understand fashion. Still, he's not yet ready for Steve to see the lines of it beneath his ratty engineering tank, so the jacket stays closed.
“M’fine.”  Steve said.  His teeth were chattering.
context.  “I'm always a slut for coffee and spumoni.” Tony says dreamily, grabbing Steve's wrist and all but dragging him towards a waiting car.
“Oh,”  Steve got out tremulously, “Tony,”  his name came out choked.  He stumbled, and Tony caught him.  He was so warm.  So warm, Tony was warm, and touching his face, his palms against his cheeks, helping him take the cowl off.  “Holy Hannah,”  He said, as the drop drained out of him like poison sucked from a wound.  He felt like he’d been hit in the face by the world’s best cocktail of pain medication and endorphins.  He knew he’d been in pain before, but he couldn’t remember it, everything went warm and hazy, and a little sideways.
he built will tell him nothing. It's frustrating, this not knowing, but Tony understands, he does. That doesn't change the face that he's bored out of his skull and has started contemplating building an anti-gravity device so he can climb the walls in a literal sense.
“You should be sorry about almost giving Iron Man a heart attack, he was really worried. I was too, I saw the scans of your arm while repairing the suit.” Tony prods a finger against the white star covering Steve's chest for emphasis. “No pain medications are efficacious with your metabolic rate and general cellular stubbornness.  It would figure, even your
Steve shook his head, holding the door open wider in invitation.  “No, I’m up, I was just about to go on a run.”  That was a lie, but he needed some excuse to be awake and fully dressed early in the morning.  He didn’t have a job like Tony’s to be off too.
“Worth the work, always worth the work.” Tony says, leaning in to cup his cheek and pressing another kiss to Steve's lips. “Call me a workaholic even, married to my wor-” Tony says between kisses, laughing when Steve grumbles at him but still going back for more. Married though. The word lingers in his awareness. It seems like lifetimes ago that he thought about getting married, having someone to come home to, someone who loved him and who he loved more than anyone or anything else. He wonders if Tony would ever want to be married again after what happened with
