“I should hope so,” rumbled Cas, laying a lingering kiss on top of Dean’s head.
Cas is alive, and he’s safe for the time being, and Dean suddenly remembers who they are, together. Who they’ve always been. He’s safe here too.
“Don’t give me that. You’ve got your ‘
“Don’t,” he growled. “I don’t need a fucking heart-to-heart ontop of all this Hallmark crap, okay?”
Frankly, he's surprised the canary hadn't been dispatched sooner.
He’d expected more of the angel, and better of himself.
the scowl stretching on Cas’ face, since his own cheek was so carelessly crushed against the stubbly surface around Cas’ mouth.
He scrubbed his face with his hands while he wrestled with his tongue.
writhing around like a beige worm skewered on feathery hook… but still. Pretty awesome. Fortunately, the wings seemed to obey once Dean had soothed them into place, but they lended a rather awkward, spine-crunching bend to Cas’ posture as he lay helplessly atop them. Dean tried to accommodate this by grabbing a nearby cushion, dusty as it was, and placing it under Cas’ lolling head.
“Dean, don’t.” Cas pleaded with a voice of molten steel.
“No,” he backpedaled, “I-”
Attachments were dangerous in this line of work, after all. Or worse for unadmitted softies like Dean, they could leave you disappointed. Somehow, the assumption of Cas’ presence had slithered its way past his defenses over the years, and sprouted stubborn roots inside him. His need for Cas was inexorably woven into even breath now, stitched into the skin of his twitching fingers, twisting in his stomach whenever the angel moved, churning in his gut whenever he was gone.
“Charlie, I’m definitely
apocalypse. And he loved that damn kid too, but that wasn't something he liked to think about much.
“Okay,” Dean nodded softly.
Instead, strong thighs flex up and over the tub’s edge and echo with an inelegant splutter as they land right before Dean’s eyes. Cas descends over him gracefully, unfaltering force of nature that he is, while the tepid water readily surrenders to his weight. It licks at the wounds under Dean’s ribs while Cas settles in his lap, exceptionally careful not to crush Dean’s bruised flesh. Dean sort of wishes he would; wants to be smothered and buried by this new development before the instinct to extinguish it takes him over.
It was all just too stupid. Too sudden. Dean had always known that his existence was an arthritic coin toss at the best of times, and he’d been okay with that. Massively deserving of it, even. But for it to end like this, in the dingiest room Bumfuck Nowhere had to offer... it was insulting and insufficient for a creature as vast and beautiful as Cas. If all Dean could offer was the meager comfort of his arms and his life such as it was, while celestial radiance consumed his best friend, he would freely give it. The realization hit him hard and far too late - dying was something he’d only ever considered doing for Sam, once upon a time, and yet…Cas was his family too, now. And Cas deserved more than the hand he’d been dealt, mistakes and all. Cas deserved everything, and once more, Dean had failed him.
Cas nodded and murmured, quiet as a prayer, “It’s worth a lot.”
on his pizza. It’s…. It’s not natural.”
It was far from romantic, but Dean's southern parts weren't too picky, it seemed.
“It’s alright, Dean. I know how powerful this magic can be. Angels made it, after all.”
, Cas, not because we give a shit about some heavenly cat-fight. And not for nothing either… look what happened to you!”
“I resent that,” Cas retorted.
“C-Cas…. what are you…” Dean finally sputtered, his voice tighter than he’d have liked.
, because of the whole curse thing. And I get you’re an angel and all,” he sputters, “but like it or not, you ain’t exactly used to being vulnerable… And still, you keep taking the same risks because you’re a stubborn sonovabitch Cas, and you know it.”
This time, the angel intervened. Dean was brutally reminded that Castiel could have stopped the proceedings at any point, as he suddenly found himself pinned to the wall like a sputtering butterfly, wandering limbs immobilized under Cas’s steel grasp. He panted hard, finding it difficult to deny his body’s clear enjoyment of this turn of events.
coughing. Every heave seemed to cause a static spike in the room, accented by puffs of errant grace exiting Cas wherever they could - eyes, mouth, nose, pores - as though he were a wet sponge continually being stepped on. It didn’t take whole lot of Dean’s finely-honed hunter instinct to diagnose that these symptoms were a boatload of Not Good™.
He’d faced thousands of otherworldly creations - gods and monsters alike - without batting a pretty eyelash. He wasn’t about to let one dour, tattered angel breathing down his back petrify him to the spot in a haze of unbidden desire. Except...oh. Maybe he was. It was definitely not his finest moment, in a string of moments with Cas each less fine than the next.
Fingers wiggled out of his grip, and arms slinked around his taught frame. Dean’s breath stilled in his lungs as Cas butted his forehead against Dean’s in the dark, an splayed a firm hand over his heart.
Despite how secretly impressed he was with Cas for the devastating burn, he feigned affront. It was, after all,
“Don’t
, Sam.”
“Y’know I don’t mean to. And I know I’ve been kind of a hardass, but I just…
before.
that are actually quite enjoyable. Unless you’ve changed your mind, of course.”
As a result, in the cloying dimness of his grimy motel room in the middle of nowhere, Dean was forced to reckon with a rare bout of vulnerability. Tonight, he was sick of fate, fighting and faking a determination he didn’t feel. He was bitter and spent, empty and desperate for a meaning to all of it that he knew he wouldn’t find.
“Cas no; c’mon, wait.”
The sentence rambled into silence, though Dean knew too well what he’d insinuated. It was a feeling he was very well-versed in.
. I ain’t one for math but… I’m just…they’re kinda pulling some Tribbles stunt right now aren't they?"
“Oh uh, hey Cas.”
,” Castiel commanded him softly.  Dean did.
’ as you say...”
He’d of course been going for ‘bitingly detached’ rather than ‘whining pre-schooler’, but it was what it was. He perhaps would have cringed at his own neediness had he the energy, but instead, he silently reckoned with the cold rush of disappointment as his reply soon came. It was in the form of Cas’ weight lifting off the end of the bed. Dean damned the tiny ember of hope that had treacherously lit in the hollow of his chest, now stamped out cold at Cas’ departure.
Cas gapes at him some more, his lip twitching into a light snarl of sheer bewilderment. He can't exactly blame him, Dean's brain has apparently chosen to devolve into geeky babbling and he can't seem to control it.
After a cursory shower, he pulled on some grey joggers and a clean(ish) tank which he left half-hiked up to expose a rather nasty gash along his left obliques, and half-heartedly pulled out the first aid kit. He took another swallow of the rotgut before proceeding with what would likely be a long session of stitching and bandaging. He didn’t quite know where to start, tentatively poking at the largest wound in deflated irritation. Go big or go home. He sterilized the needle and went to town. He was harpooning himself with the third stitch when a bizarrely familiar sound interrupted the hiss sliding through his teeth. The soft and unmistakable ruffling sound, which Dean had
“Shut up, bitch. I read.”
“So what, are they all secret Disney Princesses?”
“I was just wondering how you’re feeling.”
” cascades down from on high, peppered by the furious clang of metal stairs.
“You were under the influence of a spell. I would never have left you to suffer, but I also would never take advantage,” declared Cas gravely.
If anyone had informed Dean even 12 hours ago that he and Cas would be engaged in a mutual, 3AM scratching session on a grubby motel bed, he’d probably have stabbed them in the eye with a knife dipped in lamb’s blood. Still, it had been a long, weird night, even by the standards of the long weird nights he was used to. He still didn’t know what to make of the mess of emotions left in the wake of all this, and at this point, the solution either required copious amounts of beer or about 6 years of sleep.
“It was a surprise attack,” Cas eventually explained.
“You gonna explain this anytime soon, Cas? You’re bleeding blood
seeing Cas in Rapture vision every time he laid eyes on him. He forcibly reminded himself that while Cas had temporarily attained this holier-than-life iteration of his vessel, he was also the same dude who said “
Wearing a green Henley loose over his lounge pants and a Santa hat, Cas appeared out of the bedroom with a smile.
Sam’s foot comes down hard on his toes. “Dean, what the hell?”
“I’m just not in town,” Charlie answered evasively. “I’m really sorry, I’d totally let you borrow my shower. What about a neighbour?” She asked helpfully.
“Dean! Did you short-circuit?” Cas poked him, clearly not for the first time.
Dean barked a laugh. “Lil bit.”
“Hugging!” Cas blurted, flustered. “Hugging is usually done standing up!”
The brothers listened to each other breathe for a few minutes.
Cas smiled at the Scooby Do wrapping paper. “Where did you find that?” He traced Scooby in a Santa hat.
Cas used the last piece of warmed bread to sop up the remaining sauce on his plate before popping it in his mouth. “I don’t think I’m going to have room for dessert,” he said ruefully.
Dean threw the taxi in park and sighed, waiting for Cas to leave. It had been a long night, and all he wanted now was a shot of whiskey and his memory foam mattress.
Sam didn’t need to know that sometimes Dean lay awake, remembering how Cas’ hair had felt in his fingers, or how awkwardly adorable their first cuddle session had been, when Cas insisted on standing there, trying to cuddle upright. He’d only seen the guy like five times. Nothing to get worked up about.
“So are you getting your jollies with the mathematically-challenged mechanic?”
“Yeah, you too, sweetheart. C’mere a minute.” Dean held open his arms and waved Cas in.
Dean sniffed the air incredulously. “That bastard, he was!”
Single-minded, head clouded, he picked it up and pressed call.
Dean stood up, and slid his hands down Cas’ arms to stop short of his hands and grasp his bare wrists. “Dude. I worked all day. I’ve been fed and watered. I have a comfortable seat and great company. I literally have nowhere else I’d like to be right now, unless you’re politely trying to get me the hell out of your house.”
“Dean, this is more lasagna that we can eat tonight. You’re taking the rest home, right?” Cas glanced at half-full dish sitting on the stove.
“Cas, buddy, it’s fine. I fell asleep a bit, too. And I could’ve woken you up. I guess maybe touch therapy worked both ways today, huh?” Dean bent down, trying to catch Cas’ eyes with his own.
Cas raised both eyebrows and pointed at his chest. “I’m not the one who smells like wet dog. That’s my offer. Take it or leave it.”
“Oh, I, of course, Dean. I wasn’t implying that store-bought brownies are a bad alternative. All brownies are acceptable,” Cas said hurriedly.
“Well, that’s what camp is for, right?”
“In Accrual Basis accounting, you would create a journal entry – don’t worry about this yet – to move the deposit from October to November, and you’d create a second journal entry to move the new steering wheel expense from December to November. So in one financial period, a month, you’re recognizing all the costs and all the revenue at once. It’s cleaner, and gives you more visibility to your expenses and revenue.”
“Yeah. Sure. It’s great. First he decides he doesn’t need a freakin’ platonic cuddle buddy anymore. Then he decides he doesn’t need me in his life anymore.”
Dean grinned, taking a breath. “My ‘rosebud’ needs to ‘unfurl’?”
“Yeah, music.”
.’” Both boys laughed as they recited the camp motto.
Platonic cuddle buddies was a stupid idea, anyway.
Cas shuddered out a long sigh.
“Cas, what’s wrong?” he asked softly.
Faced with an impatient Cas, already convinced this was a bad idea, Dean lost his nerve. “I can just go. You’re busy. I’ll just go.” He reached for the key, but quick as a rabbit, Cas reached out to stop him. His heart knocked about in his chest as Cas’ warm fingers curled around his.
“You mind if I grab one of those beers, now?”
“I haven’t wanted to cuddle anyone but you in months. I want to study with you. I want to watch Avengers with you. I want to more-than-cuddle you. But I want us both to be fully aware of what’s happening when we get there,” he explained.
“That evening, I had taken Gabriel’s advice, and I was working diligently to try to get to know you by asking you questions. I’m sure you’ve noticed that I’m not an effective communicator. I guess my ‘people skills’ are ‘rusty.’” Dean snorted a laugh as he felt Cas’ fingers, trapped in his own, make air quotes.
Dean hummed, his right arm starting a slow stroke from Cas’ shoulder to hip, his other hand resting on top of Cas’. Cas sank into his human pillow, secure in Dean’s arms, and focused on the movie.
“Um, this is probably enough, it’s, we – we can move on to your homework if you want.” Cas stepped back reluctantly.
“To bed now. Under the covers.”
“Cassie!”
A soothing jazz instrumental bled into the living room, making the silence between the two men less awkward. Cas drifted slightly, the gentle motion of Dean’s hand on his back lulling him into a stupor. He jerked slightly when Dean’s fingers splayed across his scalp.
“Is something going on with you and the tutor? What’s his name? Ca-steel?”
Dean smiled. “Sure, man. Tea would be nice.”
“Sorry,” Dean whispered. “I can’t help it.” He pushed his hard length against Cas’s hip again, groaning just a little at the friction. Heat exploded behind Cas’s eyes and ran the full length of his body, as if he’d been doused in hot water. He turned on his side, reaching for Dean’s belt loops to pull their hips closer together.
“Goddamnit Cas, are you freeballin’?”
“Cassie?”
Meg walked right up to the car and stroked over her roof. “Hello, sugar,” she crooned. She walked all the way around the car, bent to check the tail pipe, ran her fingertips over the chrome grille. “She a ’67?”
“It’s an apt description, Dean.
“It’s Physical Touch.”
Cas sat down, slipping into his Tutoring persona. “What do you need help with?”
“Dean, when we agreed you would handle dinner, I assumed we would be having pizza or burgers, not a full three-course meal,” Cas grabbed one of the bags out of Dean’s hands before it slipped through his fingers.
Dean hung up and paused for a moment, thinking of the little yellow bungalow between his apartment and Bobby’s house. He thought of using Cas’ shower, stripping off his clothes in Cas’ bathroom, using Cas’ honey-scented shampoo. Drying off with a towel that smelled like Cas’ fabric softener.  He left his own dopp kit on the bed and zipped his backpack.
The phone drew backwards, and Dean saw a short video clip of a dark-haired man sitting on a boulder. A couple of wrinkles accentuated his brow, and his straight nose led to a pair of plush lips and a strong jaw. In the clip, he was holding something - a phone? - in long-fingered hands, before turning to the camera with a slight smirk.
“I gotta go, Charles. I’ll call you later. Stay safe, wherever you are.”
Stumbling across the darkened room, Cas pulled back the covers one-handed and fell heavily onto the mattress. He lay his head on the cool pillow and sighed, eyes drooping shut.
“Barter what?” He asked shortly.
Cas shifted slightly, vinyl seat squeaking beneath him, but didn’t meet Dean’s eyes. “Thank you.”
to say what I think without being concerned that my words will offend someone, or that I may say the wrong thing. It’s incredibly liberating to be free of those social constraints.” Cas stepped closer, his lips almost brushing Dean’s. Dean couldn’t move, gaze locked on Cas’.
“You’ve been talking to Charlie, haven’t you?” Dean glowered at his little brother, and Sam stared back, unrepentant.
“Yes,” Cas replied shortly, fussily folding the sleeping bag and scooting off the end of the tailgate.
“Gabe’s at it again, huh?” Sam says sympathetically. He pulls out two salads and shoves one at Dean. He kicks him under the table for good measure, shooting him Bitchface #12.
Dean stood stock still.
“I think it might be best if we move forward with the understanding that Tuesday was out of character for both of us. It won’t happen again,” Cas promised in his calm tutor voice.
Quiet moans slipped from Dean’s throat as he surrendered to Cas; his mouth opening willingly, his tongue curling lightly around the intruder and sucking him in deeper.
“Right. Sorry. I’m not sure what the proper social etiquette is in this situation,” Cas fumbled with the door latch. “I’ll just –“
“I could get a job, Dean. Something at the student centre, fifteen hours a week –“
“Fine. Triple overtime it is. I’ll be out as soon as I can.” Dean picked up his backpack on his way down the hall.
Cas grinned and slowly withdrew his fingers, wiping them on his pants before he kicked them off. He fumbled for the condom and ripped it open as Dean reached for his own cock.
In spite of himself, Cas snorted a laugh at his brother’s antics. He knew without seeing it that Gabe was dancing to his own porn soundtrack.
Trench Coat’s eyebrows drop and a thunderous scowl crosses his face. "Again?" he hisses.
“Right. Of course.” Cas kept his gaze firmly on his bee slippers and not on Dean’s rear end, as he moved past him. He slipped his own mask off and quickly washed it with hot water and dish soap before hanging it on one of the cupboard handles to drip dry.
Dean just looked at her.
Dean mouthed the words, “shit’s even funny” back to himself.
Dean clenched his hands, wanting to interrupt but not knowing what to say.
Cas ran a hand through his long hair, sighing. “That wasn’t how I expected my first time to end,” he said drily. He sat up too, a shudder of distaste at the sticky warm feeling in his shorts.
Bobby turned to look at Dean. “Clarence?”
“Dean…. Dean came over last night,” Cas explained. “He brought an Italian feast with him. I tried… I tried asking him questions like you suggested.”
“I just got a grocery delivery.”
“No, Cas, it’s fine, that’s why I’m here, right? Lean on in.”
particularly appetizing, but maybe after it cooked? Covering the dish with a lid, he slid it into the oven and turned the oven on while he chewed another gummy.
Dean shook his head. “That’s okay, Cas. You put me on the right track. And it’s getting kinda late. I have to go to Bobby’s early tomorrow.”
Cas stared at the carpet, at the dirty t-shirt that he’d covered in tears last night. He rubs a finger lightly over the rugburn on his forehead. Gabriel’s right, it’s been years since he’s had an anxiety attack as bad as the one triggered by Dean’s departure.
Sam pulled out bitchface number seven. “It might help if I knew what you were talking about.”
Dean shrugged, running a hand through his hair. “I think I did something stupid, Charlie,” he said quietly.
Cas leaned back and took a breath. “Dean, I think that I instigated -“
“It’s compulsory, right?” Charlie folded her arms and cast a sympathetic glance at him.
Charlie put down her textbook and sat cross-legged in her chair, head perched on her palms. “How stupid? Like streaked naked through the campus stupid, or slept with your brother’s girlfriend stupid?”
Sam’s brow furrowed. “Send you anything? Like what?”
“Dude, are you seriously pissed that someone bought you food? Now you don’t have to shop this week and you aren’t out the money. I’d just say thank you.”
Cas slung a mask on his face and swung the door open. “Hi, I’m –“ His brain stuttered to a stop. The man on his porch was extremely well-built with light brown hair and crinkles around his striking green eyes. Undoubtedly his grey-and-black mask covered a smile. Dammit. Charlie hadn’t said anything about his looks.
Cas smiled. “That sounds perfect, Dean.” He sat awkwardly, not wanting to leave, but Dean didn’t offer anything else.
Bobby withdrew his pinching fingers. “Then remember your manners. You weren’t raised in a barn.”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean panted, pulling in a breath like he’d just sprinted to the lake.
“Cas?” Dean caught his eye and held it. “You don’t have to give me this if it’s upsetting to you. The t-shirt is plenty, and the Beekeeping thing is kind of a gift for me, too.”
Cas tried to croak out a “thank you” but his lips wouldn’t cooperate and it came out as a wispy “thhhh.” He pressed at the phone until the screen went dark, and sleep pulled him under.
“Well, yes. But I assumed you would be asleep.”
Gabriel was silent on the other end. Cas ran a thumb back and forth over the seam of his lounge pants, waiting quietly.
Slowly, Dean unclenched his fingers, watching with hooded eyes as Cas leaned over to the nightstand and grabbed the bottle and a foil packet sitting there. He parted his legs, and pulled a knee up, giving Cas more space to work.
“Dean, I had one more gift for you. I wasn’t certain, but then your gift of the beekeeping class in April…”
Padding over to the door, he pulled it open and smiled uncertainly.
Forty-five minutes later, Cas was glad he’d set a timer, because there was no way he would have remembered he’d put something in the oven. Feeling light and unencumbered, he unfolded himself from the couch and happened to walk ‘round the far side on his way to the kitchen. Looking out the front window, he stopped short.
“Groceries and car detailing in the same week.”
“Cas?” Dean’s hands dropped into his own lap as he watched Cas stand up. “Bathroom break?”
“Nope. Bruce Banner. I like ‘em nerdy and smart.”
He could hear muttering coming from the kitchen as Cas continued his solo conversation. Dean glanced around in confusion. “Cas?”
Cas’ eyes widened. “Next time? You’ll come back?”
Cas leaned an elbow on the table, watching, fascinated, as Dean came to life, talking about cars. If he’d thought the man was animated before, it had nothing on his body language as he talked passionately about his work. He nodded encouragingly.
Cas laughed, his heart light and open.
“Cool. I just read that grocery deliveries are really picking up right now because of the pandemic. It’s like 46% more people are using delivery services now than –“
“Uh, Dean…”
Dean glanced at him, then patted his cheeks. “Do I have something on my face?”
“I…oh. Um, yes, well, I guess we’re done for this evening. Unless you wanted to stay and watch a movie?” Cas kept his back to Dean while he studiously wrapped foil around the leftover pasta.
Dean crossed the threshold and put down his bag. “Uh, Cas?”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he said softly. There was no way he’d be able to sit and watch a movie with Cas the same way he did with Sam or Charlie. And Cas had made it pointedly clear last time that anything more than a platonic relationship was off the table. There was a moment of silence as Cas’ hands stilled.
“Could I try something?” Dean pushed him away a moment. He slid his right leg behind Cas’ back and angled himself more into the corner of the couch before pulling on Cas’ arm to bring him closer. “On your stomach or on your back?”
The freckled teen settled in the sand and got down to business. “It’s a pretty simple plan. You perform a monologue and I dance to it.”
Cas ignored the churning feeling in his belly. He’d told Gabe that someone like Dean wouldn’t be interested in him, so why was he so disappointed to hear it confirmed?
“Right, well, it was tonight though, right? How’d the date night lasagna go?”
Cas pretended great interest in the remote for a moment as he navigated through the titles. He considered editing his answer, but his sexuality wasn't a secret and he wasn't going to hide it from Dean, if he hadn't guessed already. “Captain America.”
to a restless
Dean cast a wry look in her direction. “Neither of those. More like…” he paused. “More like, took advantage of a friend stupid.”
Cas wiggled into the sand a bit more and propped an arm on Dean’s chest as he squinted to see the screen.
Cas smiled. He was willing to hug the car’s hood if it meant that Dean would grin like that again.
“What do you want me to do, Dean?” Sam asked, exasperated. “I know you. Instead of being grateful, you’re just mad. If you’re that pissed about it, load them all back up and take them to a shelter. Or put on your big-boy pants, eat the damn groceries, and figure out who on this planet might want to do something nice for you.”
He didn’t feel calm at all. His breath sped up and he felt uncomfortable in his clothes. Maybe hugging a stranger was worse than hugging nobody. There’s no way he’d be able to relax enough to get the good vibes flowing.
“Why didn’t the textbook just say that?” Dean shoved their garbage into the paper bag and tossed it overhand at a garbage can. He fist-bumped himself and made crowd sounds when it went in, turning back to Cas with a grin.
Trigger warning: skip from - "he wanted to shut the world outside." to "Fifteen minutes away, Dean sat in front of his TV". In summary, Cas has a terrible anxiety attack brought on by Dean's departure. He's not able to catch his breath and becomes nonverbal. He calls Gabriel who stays with him on the phone until the attack lessens, and Gabriel manages to get him tucked into bed and asleep.
. It probably came from being a dancer, constantly touching other people. Cas’s body no longer felt like it belonged just to him, with Dean’s constant casual touches. As an only child with distant parents, it was an odd sensation, but one which he’d quickly come to crave. And he didn't like to think about
His body screams.
He bent at the waist, moving back slightly so he could suck a bruising kiss onto Dean’s hip. “Touch me, Dean,” Cas murmured, and Dean’s hands instantly smoothed over his shoulders, carding into his hair as he pushed towards Cas’ mouth.
“I’m telling you, it’ll work!” Dean dragged his feet through the sand, leaving a visible, winding path as they crossed the beach. It was shaping up to be a perfect day, with the sun shining overhead, the shouts and laughter of the other camp kids far enough away not to be bothersome to the pair of them down by the lake.
Dean’s fingers drummed the steering wheel, uncertain what to say but absolutely certain it was his turn to speak up. With an inner sigh, he lobbed one over the net and hoped for the best.
“I can’t be both those things, Dean? I have Anxiety, for which I take medication. It helps me feel in control within the confines of my daily life. I can’t be high all the time – this isn’t the end of the world, you know. Sometimes, though, it feels good to let go. It feels
The rest of October flitted by like a dry leaf skittering down a street. Dean barely noticed, too absorbed in his work at the shop, and his online classes. Too much free time usually led him to the bottle, but Sam has been nagging, so Dean’s redirected his focus to extra credit exercises and reading and re-reading his textbooks. Turns out Cas was right – all he’d needed was a few weeks of support. He’s become an expert at this mature student thing. All on his own.
“Quality Time is the third,” Cas rumbled. Dean tilted his head to the side and Cas ran his fingers down his cheek, rubbing a thumb over his bottom lip. He was finding it hard to concentrate on Cas’ words while drawn into the feeling of those wandering hands seeking out his sensitive spaces.
Martha.”
“Is something wrong? Do you want me to move?” The bluest eyes to ever blue stare back at him.
“Wasn’t tonight your tutor date?”
Cas grasped Dean’s hot length in his hand, spreading the precome up and down the shaft to ease the way. Dean’s breath came in gasps as he twisted beneath Cas, trying to push down onto his pistoning cock and up into his hand at the same time. He whimpered with pleasure, hazy eyes finding Cas’ and staying there.
Detailing, dumbass. You can watch while I strip her, if you want.”
“Ow! No, that’s Bobby’s recipe.”
“That’s not amusing, Gabriel. Not only do I hold virtual tutoring sessions for the rest of my students, but Dean is the only one to whom I am attracted.” Cas stared out the patio doors, wondering how many lights he could see from his couch.
Dean pushed the Santa hat pom out of his face and kissed Cas’ neck. “Martha’s macaroni and cheese. And I brought Christmas pudding and rum sauce for dessert.”
Cas talks some accounting terms in this chapter. I’ll fully admit I was an Arts major, and that was many, many years ago. I watched some Accounting videos on YouTube (like this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37PPccwsYJI) to get some verbiage for this story. Any errors are mine!
“Dean. Say the words. Say that you love me.”
Cas flushed and stared at the floor, trying to salvage the situation. He’d been expecting this turn of events, but it was still a blow.  Obviously Dean didn’t want Cas to touch him. Perhaps Dean was feeling a little violated and was too polite to say so.
Gabriel waited silently, proof that he wasn’t going to say anything until he got the information he wanted from his brother.
“Okay. That’s okay, Cas. I’m not going anywhere. Two times one is two. Two times two is four. Two times three is six. Two times four is eight. Two times five is ten.”
Without losing eye contact, Cas reached out and covered Dean’s hand with his, holding it against his cheek. This was a
Dean grinned and followed him into the kitchen, wrapping him up in a hug from behind. “We didn’t plan for the munchies when we made the decorations, huh?”
Dean’s eyes crinkled a bit behind his green-and-yellow plaid mask. “Heya Cas. How’s it going?”
It was a few moments before Cas could move, before he could withdraw and remove the condom. He flopped onto his stomach next to Dean, his hand cupping his freckled face. Dean opened his eyes and smiled slowly.
“What did you bring?” Cas set the red and white bag down in front of his spindly little evergreen. Modestly-sized it might have been, but it was covered in a brilliant array of homemade decorations. Strings of popcorn and looped paper garlands wrapped around the branches, while handmade clay ornaments covered in glitter shone in the light. A carefully-crafted origami paper star held pride of place at the top of the tree.
” sound rumbling from his chest. He pressed into Dean’s warmth, burrowing against his flannel-clad shoulder. “It's Tuesday. So generally, yeah.”
Dean swallowed. “Are you sure, Cas? This your safe space.”
Cas smiled reassuringly, hoping it showed through in his eyes. “There’s no wrong way to learn, Dean. It’s just a matter of finding what works for you. Now why don’t you tell me what you’re having trouble with, and I’ll see if I can help.”
Oh God. Wrapped in the struggle to breathe, Cas had forgotten what set him off. He’d forgotten that Dean left. He let out a whimper, eyes squeezed shut.
Dean swallowed heavily and glanced back, nodding once. “Yes…Sir.”
“This is better, trust me.”
“I know. I just… I need a break today. This Accounting shit is mind-numbing.” Dean cast a worried glance at the thick book. “Every time I think I’ve got it, they throw in a new term.”
“Everything ok?” He asked sleepily.
Charlie grimaced a little. “Yeah, I mean, that is a bit of a sticking point. But you said he instigated?”
“No?” she squeaked.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean hasn’t looked him in the face, and the smile on his own lips wobbled.
They headed down the gravel path surrounded by old oak trees with burnt orange and yellow leaves. Grey and black squirrels foraged through the grass for stray acorns. Cas watched as one squirrel stuffed his cheeks full and scampered up a tree and out of sight.
“I thought this guy was just your tutor?” Sam asked. His voice sounded slightly distant; Dean’s laptop wasn’t exactly state of the art, but it still ran Zoom well enough most days.
Dean stood back with arms crossed. Watching Meg’s hands slide over Baby made him feel…something. He didn’t like it. “Yeah,” he said gruffly. “327, four barrel.”
“He was completely engrossed in the lettuce that he was washing. I asked about his brother and he gave a two-word answer. Then he told me that he’s already responsible for his boss’s daily meals. And that he had to end a call with his brother because he was preparing dinner for me. For me, Gabriel! I interrupted his time with his brother!”
“I know, man, but me ‘n’ Bobby have it covered. I gotta go, though, okay? I need to get this wrapped up and in the fridge for tomorrow.”
Cas sat up, pulling one of Dean’s legs with him. He pushed Dean’s knee towards his chest, and plunged heavily forward, altering the angle of penetration. Dean bucked and cried out beneath him as Cas tagged his prostate every few thrusts. Cas watched his face closely as Dean pushed down onto Cas’ cock. Watched as his face twisted in a grimace, seeking…seeking…
“So what’s the problem? Get it on! Bow chicka-wow-wow!”
“What? No! Sex? No!” He glared through the screen. “I would never do that!”
Cas re-lubed his fingers and stroked lightly against Dean’s puckered hole. He rubbed circles around the sensitive flesh, watching with fascination as Dean’s skin rippled and clenched for him.
“What happened?” Dean asked.
“Is that what he actually said?” Sam asked cautiously.
“No, that’s fine, it’s just water.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean dropped his chin slightly, but held that blue gaze. “Yeah, if that’s all right with you.”
“Cassie. Cas. Castiel!” Gabriel’s voice barked at him, pulling him away from sleep. “Hang up the phone, Cassie. Leave it on the bed next to you. I’ll be here if you need me in the night.”
“Cas… could I…? I didn’t ask last time, but –“
“It’s not time to switch subjects, yet.” Charlie sent an unimpressed glare across Zoom. She was working on her laptop, with her tablet propped open next to her. “
Cas rubbed his hand back and forth over the minkie blue blanket on his lap. The texture was ridiculously soothing in his current state. “Someone of Dean’s calibre is able to be quite selective about his partners. I can think of no reason why he would consider the idea of a relationship with a math nerd who suffers from Anxiety, and can’t prepare a meal.”
“Yeah, Cas, Jesus, oh…” Dean buried his face in Cas’s neck, one more delicious drag of his hips before he stiffened and grunted heavily.
Dean turned back to the lettuce. “Well, when we were on the road with Dad, he usually passed out before he fed us. So it was either learn to cook, or eat a lot of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I swear I can make mac and cheese a hundred different ways, depending on what the local variety store had. Sam’s favourite was made with marshmallow fluff.”
“Let me get this straight. You want me to cuddle –“ Dean raised his eyebrows here – “
Opening it, he paused. Dean could read the giant
, he thought. Pasting on a smile, he started lifting food out of the bags.
“Another is receiving gifts. In this scenario, it’s the selection of a thoughtful gift, such as a Led Zepplin vinyl album, that might work with you.” Cas’ hands crept into his hair, massaging his temples. Dean’s head lolled back on Cas’ shoulder. He’d never been much of one for gifts, unless he was getting something special for Sammy.
Cas raises an eyebrow at him. “No, Dean. I don’t put out on the first date.” He stares Dean down, until Dean’s forced to look back at his pathetic lunch salad. Sam smirks just a little.
“Six times five is thirty-five. Six times six is thirty-six…” Gabriel’s voice picked up from where it had left off, carrying through six times twelve before he stopped again.
Cas’ eyes creased when he laughed, his nose wrinkling up. Dean stared for a moment before he remembered himself.
“Castiel. Cassie. I’m here. I’ll stay with you. Are you in immediate danger?”
The pressure against his cock acts like an alarm, reminding Dean of what he wanted to say. “Cas, stop a second.” A grunt of discontent sounds near his ear, where Cas’ tongue is dragging up his neck. “Please.”
Thank you for reading!
“Shut up.”
Cas shook his head. “No. The man I was seeing was doing a term in Scotland, and he decided to stay when the pandemic hit. Long distance didn’t work for us.”
Bobby came out and stood with Dean while Meg got started. “Sam do this for you?”
Cas cocked his head to the side, watching Dean’s face in the mirror. “And you, Dean? Did you learn to fly?”
“My father and my uncles owned a prosperous publishing house. For the sake of expediency, I won’t bore you with the details, but when I was still young, the business was mired in financial difficulty. Outside auditors were brought in to review the company’s accounts, but by then, the damage was done. Uncle Luke and Uncle Michael had been embezzling for years. They destroyed the business and left my father with a fallen empire. The company couldn’t even pay wages.”
“That doesn’t sound like sexual assault to me. That sounds like a platonic cuddle buddy who doesn’t want to be so platonic.”
Meg rolled her eyes and pushed on the door handle.
“Oral fixation, Dean. That’s another fetish,” Cas whispered against his ear. Dean shuddered.
Giving up, Cas leaned back on his palms, burying his fingers in the sand and stretching his legs out before him. “Explain it to me again.”
Cas quickly turned to shut the front door.
“Yeah? What do you do in the evenings?” Dean’s hand was deep in his backpack, and he emerged triumphantly with two pencils.
“I have Anxiety. I guess that’s probably not a big surprise. I’m sorry I fell asleep on you, that really was not my intent. I don’t even know what time it is, I’m so sorry.” Cas’ hands shook slightly as he gripped the counter.
“That one’s mine, don’t break it!” Dean chided.
head was at, and go from there. Being manhandled into cuddling position was a good sign, he reasoned.
Cas froze, dread filling him. “Oh God, Dean, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to fall asleep.” He reflexively tried to wipe his mouth, running into his mask. At least he hadn’t drooled on that broad shoulder.
Cas sat down on the couch, flicking his foot at last night’s snotty t-shirt with disgust. “I’m sorry about last night,” he began.
Dean decides to pre-emptively save himself and stands up to leave with his brother. “Uh, nice to meet you, Cas. And, uh, sorry about, uh, yeah.” He rubs the back of his neck turns away from the hottest guy he’s seen in a while.
“It’s just friggin’ weird, Charlie.” Dean took another bite of the eggplant parmesan he’d made himself and sighed with appreciation. Fresh parm made all the difference over that powdered stuff he normally bought. The eggplant was almost a week old now, but organic really made a difference.
“Oh fuck,” Cas whispered, his own pleasure cresting, popping goosebumps on his arms as he pulsed hotly in his shorts. He turned his face slightly, planting a kiss below Dean’s ear, trying to catch his breath.
Next to him, Cas sighed and crossed his arms. “I suppose. I just don’t think –“
When Cas gave him that beautiful scrunched-nose smile, he gave up and tore into the wrapping, scattering the ribbon and the paper on the floor. He fumbled to get the lid of the box off, and found two t-shirts folded neatly inside. The first simply stated, “Han shot first.” The second showed Darth Vader, with text that read “This suit cost an arm and a leg”. Dean snorted with laughter.
“Thank you, Gabriel. This has really helped.”
Dean grinned. “It’s cream and butter and rum and sugar. This is the way Bobby always made it. You could probably light it on fire,” he admitted.
Dean glances down at the table to check out Cas’ artwork. He’s neatly turned
It was too late. He’d let the outside in. He’d let Dean in. Last time he’d stood here, watching Dean drive away, he’d thought he could love Dean. Now Dean was gone. Dean wasn’t coming back. Dean drove away. He didn’t look back.
“Yes, I believe so.”
Cas blew out a breath and leaned back. “I suppose that’s fair,” he said grudgingly. Taking a moment, Dean let his eyes roam over the creature on his lap. Lips kiss-bitten, eyes blown, colour sitting high on his cheekbones. Dark hair mussed like they’d already had sex. Dean groaned a little to himself, wondering why he couldn’t just lose his moral compass for one night…
, he was opening the door.
“I’m not telling you this to make you feel guilty,” he continued, sonorous voice rumbling through Dean’s back. “I had to call Gabriel to regain my senses. I was nonverbal for almost an hour. These types of attacks are rare but they make me feel useless, and like a burden.” Dean shifted and made a noise of protest. In response, Cas clamped his leg and arms tighter around Dean.
“It wasn’t – wait, what?” Dean asked impatiently.
Dean’s already wrapped up his garbage and deposited it in the nearby bin by the time Sam finishes his salad. He shoots a look at Dean as he gets up;
Dean stared at his messy plate. “I love you,” he muttered reluctantly.
Dean shot him a look of betrayal, but humour danced in his eyes. “She’s more than a car, Cas. She’s a lady.”
Confused, Sam asked, “you didn’t go? Or it wasn’t tonight?”
“Cas.”
A slight look of alarm crossed Cas’ face at Dean’s easy capitulation. “Fine!” Cas put down his half-empty pudding. “Here, open this while I finish.” Pulling a flat box out from under the tree, he thrust it into his boyfriend’s hands.
“I cut the bread incorrectly. So he showed me how, but it still ended up mangled,” Cas said miserably. He didn’t mention how Dean’s hands had felt nice on his, or how Dean’s breath on his neck, his voice in his ear, had run pleasant shivers all the way down Cas’ back.
The air in the taxi was a bit stifling, matching the atmosphere. Cas’s suit was gently steaming, water droplets coalescing on the rear windows. Cas didn’t seem to notice, or to care. His gaze was focused out the window, as if one brief “Hello, Dean” meant that the social niceties had been observed and he could somehow become just another passenger in just another cab on just another Saturday night.
“We’ve only been standing here for like fifteen minutes, Cas, and I’m going to take up way more than that with my Accounting questions. I’m fine. It’s fine.” Dean hauled him back in, tightening his arms and shifting his feet on the carpet.
Charlie poked at the webcam with the end of her pencil. “You. Can’t. Give. Up. Whenever. You. Get. Frustrated.” Each word was accompanied by a poke.
Cas’ eyes darkened as he shifted his weight. “You want to shower here?”
Making his way to the kitchen, Cas paused in front of the coffee maker, shooting it a longing glance. Instead, he grabbed the water pitcher from the fridge and poured himself a glass. Leaning on the wall, he stared out the patio door, wondering for the tenth time this week if cuddling with Dean was a mistake. The anticipation of the session was really just causing more anxiety. But he had to admit, he’d fallen asleep last time almost immediately after Dean left, in spite of the nap, and he’d felt rested the entire next day.
“Hello, Dean. How long have you been sitting here?”
“Thanks,” Dean grumbled.
“Even if – if, Sam! – that was the case, he still doesn’t want to see me anymore.”
Dean laughed and slung his arm over the back of the couch, so his hand rested lightly on Cas’ shoulder. “Most people watch them for the explosions, Cas, not the dialogue.”
“Why do you wear so many layers all the time?” He complained, drawing back to run his hands down Dean’s chest.
Cas immediately stopped squirming. “No, this is good. This is fine.”
“Are you local?” Cas persisted, but at least,
Pulling back, Cas eyed the man lying below him. Dean’s eyes were almost black when they met his, colour high on his cheeks and lips slick with spit. Bruises marked a trail down his chest where Cas’ mouth had been, and his nipples were drawn tight.
“No. Well, I mean, I could. But I’m not going to.”
“I don’t think there will be a next time for this one,” Cas said dryly.
Dean leaned back on the couch, taking some comfort from Sam’s words. “I guess. So it’s just me he doesn’t want.”
Cas wakes the next morning with snakes twisting in his gut. His heart hammers in his chest. Adrenaline thrums in his veins.
“Thanks, Gabe. Have a good day.”
“Here.” Dean passed him a corner of the blanket, unzipping his shorts to give himself the same treatment. Cas flushed, but wiped himself as clean as he was able.
Cas? How?”
When Dean finished prepping the salad, Cas carried it over to the table while Dean pulled the bread from the oven. Shuffling the hot foil packet from one hand to the other, he tossed it in the direction of the table and went back in for the lasagna. He cut two generous portions and plated them, handing one to Cas.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, man. Just like a teenage boy.” He leaned in and ran his hand through Cas’s hair, placing a kiss on his lips. He bundled the blanket under one arm, and reached out his other hand to Cas.
“Part of being a good tutor is being able to make the lesson relevant to the student’s interests,” Cas said dryly.
“Heya, Cas.”
“What the hell happened to you? You kinda give off a ‘sensible shoes’ vibe, man. Not a hippie vibe.” Dean stroked his hand up Cas’ back, landing lightly in his curls.
Cas pressed his fingers into Dean’s jaw, urging him to open his mouth wider as his tongue licked inside, soaking up Dean’s flavour, even as he wrapped his other hand around Dean’s neck to hold him still. Dean moaned, hands wrapping around Cas, grasping at his loose t-shirt, sliding inside and crawling up the smooth skin of his back.
“Open it, Dean,” Cas said softly, his hand resting lightly on Dean’s wrist.
“Thank you. You’ve chosen a great spot, this is really the best table in the park. It wobbles the least. I eat my lunch here every day.” Trench Coat say as he takes a seat across and down a bit from Dean, arranging his coat so it falls down his back neatly.
Dean shook his head, hands clasped on his lap. “Baby turned up at the garage on my sixteenth birthday, but no one saw him. I don’t know if he’s alive or not. Guess it doesn’t matter. Bobby’s always been more a dad than my own dad was, anyway.”
“Good morning, Gabriel.”
A brochure slipped out, along with a folded piece of paper. Cas set the paper aside and opened the brochure. It was marketing material for the local college. Dean made an aborted reach for the brochure, but Cas found the dog-eared page and flipped to it himself. It advertised a two-day Introduction to Beekeeping course.
He grimaced a little as he stirred the gelatinous mixture. It didn’t
Shaking his head, he caught up with Cas in the kitchen. “Strange behaviour for
“Human touch, you said. Oxy-something? This is the best way for you to get as much touch as possible unless you wanna get horizontal.”
Surprised, Dean sat. He’d expected Cas to mention the groceries or the detailing, not his abrupt departure in October. Huffing impatiently, Cas shoved him around until he was sitting sideways on the middle cushion. Then Cas squeezed in behind him and dragged Dean’s back to his chest. Next he hooked a calf over Dean’s thigh, effectively planting him in the couch.
“Cas?”
Dean kissed him back?
“Ok, look, I know you’re upset at someone doing these nice things for you. But you do nice things for other people all the time.”
“Nope. Haven’t even gone to bed yet! What’s got your panties in a twist today?”
Guys, this is totally unedited. Feel free to leave constructive criticism. I just wanted to get it posted so badly!
Cas tilted his head uncertainly. “So this isn’t a one-time event. You’re coming back.”
“Well…yeah,” Dean answered defensively. “It was my job to take care of Sammy.”
“Okay, okay, I get it. So which of my skills would I need to barter?” Dean cut her off before she could keep listing traits.
Sam’s face screwed up in disgust. “Licorice? I’d never pay for licorice. It tastes like dirt.”
“The theory is this --” Cas used the pad of his thumb to trace Dean’s eyebrows -- “each person has a method with which they are comfortable expressing their emotions, or their love, for others.” Warm fingertips drifted across the height of cheekbones, made their way to the corners of his lips, and traced whorls in the sensitive bristles on his chin.
“Fuck,” Cas whispered. He spasmed over Dean, folding over his upraised leg and thrusting helplessly into Dean’s heat as he filled the condom. Dean clenched again, the vulgar word from Cas’ mouth shooting sparks of arousal through his oversensitive nerves.
He took his time, washing each toe, paying particular attention to his hands and nail beds. Engine grease was a bitch to get off. He skimmed his groin, ensuring he was clean but doing nothing to encourage Little Dean to make his presence known. He was already chubbed a little; being surrounded by Cas’ scent like this overloaded his senses.
Cas kissed him slowly and deeply, his tongue sliding cleverly in and out of Dean’s mouth, mimicking the mini thrusts of his hips. It didn’t take long for Dean to forget whatever had been funny in the first place. Cas leaned back and cocked a brow. “May I continue now?”
“Who is this guy? Why wouldn’t he be interested in my little brother?”
sorry?” Dumbfounded, Cas stared at the top of Dean’s head. He realized an instant too late that his tone might have sounded accusatory when Dean nodded miserably.
“What? Oh, shit, sorry. I’m here, I’m here.” Charlie turned to face the tablet completely, sitting cross-legged on the couch.
Hey guys! If you’re following along, I’m glad you’re still here. And if you’re new, I wanted to say thank you for stopping by. This is a WIP but I have a definite ending planned, so I’ve updated the chapter count accordingly! It may move slightly by one chapter, but I know how it ends and I won’t leave you hanging!
“Cas, sweetheart…you talk too damn much when you’re high.”
“Cas?
“What?”
Feeling brave and daring thanks to his gummy friends, Cas flipped on the porch light and wandered back into the kitchen. The rice was ready, the chicken was warm, and it did look much better now than it had pre-oven. Getting a plate out of the cupboard, he stopped and did an about-face.
Within moments, the couch springs squeaked angrily as Dean sat down and hauled Cas onto his lap. Cas also squeaked, flailing his arms and trying to move off Dean. Dean grabbed his arms and pulled him against his broad chest. He trapped one arm between their bodies and grasped Cas’ free wrist in his left hand. The right resumed it’s meandering path over Cas’ spine.
“I asked him to stay for a movie but he said he had to go. I packed up the leftover lasagna for him to take for his boss so he wouldn’t have to cook a separate meal. And… And…” Cas’ breath came a bit faster.
“Um, how do you feel about cuddling?”
“Yeah, man, I don’t wanna forget your face,” Dean grinned. “You gotta tell me whether you make it on to your cheer team and show me your moves.”
Dean’s mind quickly flicked through their mutual friends. The list wasn’t long, especially during the pandemic. One name popped into his head. Someone he’d cooked for more than once. Someone who knew he loved his car. Someone who expressed himself in unconventional ways.
Dean cringed. “The other night, I went over there to shower, like you’d suggested, right? And, well, it got…it was awkward. And I’m not sure it was consensual.”
Dean released one muscular calf and used that hand to turn Cas’ head towards him. Their lips met softly, a dry brush like the first gentle lick of a wildfire.
properly. His anxiety spiked, logic flown out the door after the black car and it’s occupant.
Charlie threw her hands up in the air and met his eyes. “Okay, okay! I know! I gave him your address for the grocery delivery!”
“Don’t worry about it. I think I owe you one.”
He lay quiet for a moment, but ignoring the elephant in his head wasn’t going to help it go away. He picked up his phone off the nightstand and tapped out a short message – “
Dean shot him a look, eyebrows raised. “Really, dude?”
“I’m sorry –“ Cas started again.
“So no special someone?” Dean asked. His hands continued to move, smoothing subtle patterns into Cas’ back and sides.
Dean pulled Cas’ head down, kissing him gently. “Castiel Novak,” he whispered. “I consent to all the sexual acts that we have engaged in thus far. I consent to you coming on me, or in me. I consent to you controlling my orgasm. But for the love of all that is holy, will you get the fuck on with it?”
Dean knew better to than answer when the phone rang, but he did, anyway.
Meg had paused by the door. “You sure? I’m good and I don’t come cheap. Someone must like you.”
This time it was Charlie who leaned back and glared. “You could barter car maintenance. Or cooking. Or basic contractor skills. Or babysitting, you’re great with kids.” She ticked them off on her fingers as she went. “Or –“
“I can feel you freaking out from here, Cas. I told you I didn’t mind.” Dean finished lacing his boots and threw his bag over his shoulder. Sure enough, his green eyes were crinkled when he glanced at Cas.
Without turning around, Cas’ hand flicks out to the side, offering a small white card. “Sometimes I put out on the second date.”
Dean hummed, his hands moving to knead along Cas’ spine. “Don’t you have someone local that you’re close to? Family? A girlfriend? A boyfriend?”
Dean warred with himself. He’d been planning to wash Baby this weekend himself. She was a little dusty…
“No, nothing major,” Dean answered absently, ripping the Romaine apart and piling it in a paper towel-lined bowl.
“No. Well, yes, but it’s been an hour, Dean. You’re welcome to leave, if you’d like.”
In response, Cas reached up and hooked his palm around Dean’s nape, pulling his face back down. The angle was better, now. He rested his right hand on the small of Dean’s back. The other teen groaned, just a little, and wet his lips before diving back down to meet Cas’s willing mouth.
Dean sighed and stroked Cas’s arm where it lay on his chest. “That was pretty profound, huh.”
There was hope brimming in Cas’ thoughtful gaze as it rose to meet Dean’s, and he decided it was the best look to ever have graced Cas’ features.
Dean felt a soft, downy tickle as Castiel plucked the feather that was perched over Dean’s ear and retreated to a safer distance. The angel’s gaze was positively accusatory as he reiterated through bared, hissing teeth:
He refused to open his eyes, even though the pulsing beat of wings was undeniably more steady now, and smoother than he would have pictured given the angelic canon balls Cas had been pockmarking the landscape with earlier. Furthermore, Cas’ firm, encompassing hold on him, while definitely functional, seemed far more affectionate than the workings of a mere safety feature. He’d somehow tucked his feet beneath Dean’s like this was some sort of aerial dance lesson, while his arms locked tightly around his waist. They were so close that he felt more like he was
“OKAY, SAM.”
“It was just a flesh wound, we took care of it.”
A soothing hand was on Dean’s forehead then, and Dean implored himself not to melt into it while the cooling hum of grace cleared his brain. Amazing how that stuff could either cure all your ills, or raze an entire postal code in an instant. Tomato, tomahto.
who just happened to look like a goddamned Renaissance masterpiece emerging from the receding shadows of waning dawn. Considering the dazzling effect, Dean could be pardoned for gaping like a gutted fish for several seconds while he recovered his wits (and his man-card, barely). He took a steadying breath and stooped to pick up the knife he’d dropped. He'd come shamefully close to chopping off a toe in favour of watching Angel Gone Wild.
? I found it in the garden this morning when I was getting tomatoes for Sam’s hippie sandwich. Ro' keeps saying they're good for spells and - wait,
Sam thinks.
Dean sighed.
A warm squeeze around his wrist drained all the fight - and muscle tone, it seemed - out of his worn frame in an instant. He sank to his knees.
“M’fine,” Dean grunted. His forehead was pressed to Baby’s cool glass, but it soon beaded with sweat anyhow.
“Whoa whoa, Cas, I get that. It’s okay,” Dean interrupted, hands raised in surrender. “I’m grateful you didn’t let me turn into an enchanted horndog. I am.”
“Cas, man...
“Yeah? Well you’re thinkin’ too loud, then.”
Somehow, the realization made it worse, because in that second, he knew he wasn’t in it just for the rippling pectorals. Cas was
Boy, for a Righteous Man, he sure got around.
Dean felt a light chill travel up his spine at the mention of his name from the kitchen’s entrance. He knew the angel could be grumpy at the best of times, but the arctic tone seemed uncalled for, especially at this hour of the morning. He hadn’t even poured his coffee for chrissake, there’s no way he could have fucked up already. So, determined to maintain his precarious good mood, Dean flipped his eggs, tightened the belt of his robe against the bunker’s chill and turned towards Cas with a forced smile.
“I’m glad you’re okay. You scared the shit out of me.”
Despite his embarrassment, Dean couldn’t help but find it terribly endearing, and in the end it was wise he hadn’t let go. He reeled Cas back in by the sleeve, like the angel couldn't just disentangle himself at the atomic level if he wanted.
But when he stops to really think about it, he probably should have guessed it would happen right
“Cas, are you okay?”
“Easier said than done?” he provided wryly.
After a long moment of silence which surprisingly, grows increasingly comfortable, Dean drains the last of his drink and sets the empty cup on the ledge.
Mercifully, Sam heaved a lengthy sigh and nodded his floppy head. Dean half-heartedly resented the pitiful look aimed his way, but the ensuing silence was consolation enough.
“I was enjoying the head rub,” Cas quipped tiredly, while a pool of Grace eerily lit the back of his mouth, behind his teeth.
As nonchalantly as the angel was in trying to explain it, as though they’d merely been discussing the weather or the ingredients to an omelette, his words saw Dean’s alarm levels spike through the roof in an instant. The hunter’s hands immediately slid from the top of Cas’ head to his cheeks, forcing the slumping angel to peer up at him.
Palms frame his face, fingers sift through his wet hair. Cas kisses him with a reverence he doesn’t deserve and Dean breathes for the first time in hours, maybe years.
Not that he hadn’t sort of enjoyed Cas essentially monologuing to his posterior, but now that Dean felt direly sentimental about the angel’s admission, he grudgingly turned around to face him. He’d expected Cas’ sharp blue eyes to be locked on, peeling away his defenses layer by layer in that unsettling way that only Cas could. However, the angel kept his penetrating gaze resolutely angled away. His eyes were downcast in fact; his posture crumpled like discarded newspaper while his wings caged them.
“We are
The angel is grinning now, and so is Dean, and he decides not to question where that surge of courage came from. He instead decides that he might actually like flirting with Cas just a little. The exasperated wing-thwack he receives directly to the ass is more than a little encouraging, after all.
“Dean.”
Scary Shadows… and why, finally, Cas was suddenly
“Hey Cas?”
“Good morning Dean,” the crumpled mass of angel and feathers grumbled from a distance.
“Dean, I-”
“Hey,” Dean breathes into the small space between them, “You missed.”
Even in his red-faced haze, Dean couldn’t prevent the tingle of fondness for how human Cas seemed as he pinched his lips together, frowning like he was considering a particularly difficult math problem.
“You said…. You didn’t want to take advantage of me. That it would be unfair to me. It’s… just uh… a funny choice of words, and I’ve been told once or twice that you don’t get words wrong.”
“You’re
thought process.)
He dipped his head for a fleeting taste, letting his lips trail the corded surface of Cas’ neck, felt the heady warmth of his skin practically undo him right there and then. The angel let him, his decadently solid hands slowly trailing up his sides and eventually taking root at the nape of his neck, digging soothing circles into his shuddering muscles.
“Hey. I’m here and it’s Douche City, man.”
Wings pressed in soothingly.
Soon, the angel returns them in kind, and gently covers Dean’s hand with his own. Dean finds himself gently stroking through dark locks and darker feathers still, while he undertakes his gentle and delightfully futile work.
“Oh. Okay well l’ll just-
Dean.” Cas mumbled from somewhere near Dean’s navel, his quaking confession interrupting the hunter’s cascading insecurities.
Dean braced himself, clutching at his mug so hard he feared it might crack.
-----
“Are you alright?” Cas’ expression immediately knits itself into something somber and worried, which finally compels Dean to speak. He hates making Cas worry; the guy’s default is already set to constipated jack-in-the-box, after all.
and I did NOT paint these nut-crushing pants on just for a bunch of pill-popping losers getting off to mass-marketed church iconography.”
sporting more buckles than a paratrooper’s pack completed the look.
The trace of genuine concern lacing Cas’ voice compelled him to explain, as much as the words butted up against his teeth.
Shaky and vaguely sickened as he was by the height and the aerial seesawing, Dean knew he hadn’t any choice. There was something too pleading and sincere in Cas’ words… like he’d held onto this tiny, impossible dream for an age. And Dean well, he was not a man to disappoint any angel currently keeping him from plummeting to a certain, messy death.
“DEAN.”
For now though, he retrieved the feather from his pocket and made a theatrical show of tossing it directly into the garbage disposal.
“Sam, he can’t-”
He barely manages to squeeze by before they're at it again.
“Something about how the light gets filtered through the atmosphere as it crests the horizon,” the angel went on dreamily, “It’s one of God’s finest spectacles. Even better from the upper Thermosphere, actually.”
ass-grabbing?)
be.….
, I hadn’t noticed.”
“Fuck me, that feels nice…” Dean eventually babbled against Castiel’s thigh, while strong hands kneaded at the taught cords of his neck.
“Cas, did you…”
“Yeah, ‘oh’, and thanks a lot, by the way,” he sniped.
Shit. I’m-”
“Damn Cas, I gotta say, you sure know how to use those things.”
Dean cleared his throat, cheeks blazing and arms crossed in mock affront.
“You’re going to - Wait, WHAT? CAS!!!”
Dean blanched.
“I didn’t say anything,” Sam sighed into the organic cardboard gruel he dared call breakfast.
,' Dean thought wretchedly to himself, hoping the angel couldn’t pick up on any specifics.
"I know you don't like hearing these things, but you saved me. The moment I looked upon you, I was saved."
“I told you Dean, it will just take me longer to heal. I still have Grace, you know.”
Dean froze as his infuriatingly perceptive sibling stared holes into him from below a raised brow. The toast impudently popped in the heavy silence.
“Oh.”
“Listen to me you glorified lava lamp, if you go up, so do I. That’s just how it’s gonna be. So
This train was veering off track faster than Dean could even process. He’d never fathomed the truth of it all would come out so… angrily, but he found he wasn’t entirely surprised. He and Cas weren’t exactly eligible for any prizes in stellar communication.
“You’re all I want, Dean,” Cas tells him, anointing his lips, his forehead, his temples with it. The velvet notes weave together all the hollowed caverns of his chest. “All I’ve ever wanted.”
God help him.
“Anytime,” Dean promises, “from now on.”
Sammy. Not exactly.
Dean.” Castiel grits. His blush is unmistakably more pronounced now, and Dean is definitely
When Dean tries to break away, vexed by this sudden and exquisite gentleness, Cas’ hands compel him to remain steady as they explore him. His tenderness reforges him, but it is nowhere near docile. Dean all too willingly folds.
“Hey, you need a tall glass of soul-juice, buddy,” Dean said, green eyes sparking brightly.
” loudly.
Cas, for all his infinite celestial wisdom, seemed at a complete loss. Even while it was Dean who’d been forced to act like a horny schoolboy, it was Cas who was suddenly a rigid portrait of embarrassment.
Screw that.
“Can the apologies, Cas” Dean boomed all at once, heart racing, “Elvis is
And if that didn’t send Dean’s anxiety spiraling straight into the stratosphere.
“That’s not fair,” Cas countered, looking strangely helpless, “I have always come when I could, and this war, it’s-”
He didn’t have to, but he launched the shaking question out into the darkness anyway, misgivings forgotten.
Cas said nothing to that, probably flummoxed by the metaphorical inaccuracy of it all, but instead replied by digging his fingers in with gusto.
It’s only then that Dean realizes he’s shaking with relief, sudden and irrational as it might be, and that tears have erupted. They scorch his cheeks as they slither towards the water. Cas meets them with his lips and soothes them back into his skin before he trails lower.
“Then what? You said you ‘
“So that was. Uh. Th-that was.” He never finished the sentence. God, he was going to hate himself later. More so than usual. He spent a few more seconds desperately contemplating what to do with his hands and ultimately failing, because his fingers kept travelling to his stubble-scoured lips.
...Leave it to Cas to make every loving word hit home like a punch to the jaw.
he dutifully chanted in his head, frozen in place.
“If they’re bothering you I can-”
All he could grasp in that mind-shattering instant was the desire to respond before his atoms went up in smoke.
“Here,” said Cas, completely ignoring the comment in favour of reaching an arm behind himself. He produced a glimmering black feather about half the size of his forearm. “To replace the one you...
“Sorry. It’s just, of the two of you, I thought… really?”
“You were about to explode Cas, call it a gasp okay?” Dean reasoned, flustered. “B’sides, don’t sound so surprised… like I said, you ain’t the worst kiss I’ve ever had…”
“It won't be good. So tell me what we can do. It’s freaking magic. There’s
Cas’ partial mortality was downright unfathomable in fact, not to mention probably incredibly disturbing to the angel himself. Downgrading to slug status was probably close to the human equivalent. He wondered how Cas could stand it, how he was so calm, or conscious for that matter… especially since long, wispy coils of disrupted grace were worryingly wafting from his injuries, still. Dean felt another pang of sympathy well up in his chest, but swallowed it down. Angelbro or not, Cas hadn’t exactly been Mother Theresa lately.
“You gotta give me a little more than that, Cas” Dean barked irritatedly.
Fuck.
“NO! They’re gorgeous I-” Dean fails to catch himself, heat flooding his cheeks. “I mean, they’re
“How you feelin’, Cas?”
“You’re a mess, dude” Dean grinned fondly, surprising himself with the affection in his tone.
Obviously, the angel ignored him. Insufferably stubborn as always, Cas wordlessly hoisted himself from the ground, using the great wings as makeshift jacks. Even with their help however, he struggled to get to his feet, but Dean was upon him in seconds. He slung an arm around his waist for support, though the exercise proved to be much more tricky than usual: he actually ate a face-full of feathers before finally succeeding at depositing Cas onto one of the sad little beds. He took a seat beside him. For a long while, Cas sat there with his head drooped forward onto his soiled shirt, as though trying to collect himself, the occasional wet cough escaping him. Perhaps his vessel was even more damaged than it had first appeared, seeing as it showed both angelic and mortal wounds. Dean was more than a little curious about this (and the impromptu midnight drop-in), and his patience vis-à-vis the angel’s silence broke mere seconds later.
!” he called out, unable to move him much at all due to the feathery intruders. Apparently incorporeal limbs could be
for fuck’s sake.
Desperately, he evades.
How the hell had he just considered pouring his heart out to this levitating asshole? He was gonna
The harsh shafts of daylight streaming in from paper-thin curtains illuminated a mess the likes of which no meager deposit could hope to recover. Broken furniture, torn carpets, shattered lamps… it was almost an improvement to the unforgivable chintz of the place, but he wasn’t sure the owner would appreciate his decorating flair (which he found himself dubbing “Angelic Tornado Chic”). In fact, the only thing which had been spared aside from the bed, was a single wooden chair which seemed at least 10 years older than the Impala. It stood starkly in the middle of the room, untouched in its arresting ugliness like the drabbest eye of a hurricane. It was draped with an impeccably-folded swatch of beige.
This time, Dean did move forward to sit beside him, quavering confidence be damned. Christ, there wasn’t much he could say to something like that, but he was no stranger to bearing the weight of countless atrocities on one’s shoulders. Sometimes it helped just to have someone there.
depending on the context, but mostly it’s just, as you would say, a ‘
of my feathers especially now that they manifest physically.”
“Dean. Come in,” he greeted warmly. His voice still sounded a bit rougher than usual, and that was saying something. Dude sounded like he gargled shrapnel on the regular (not that Dean minded).
that you’re worried about him,” he says with saccharine enthusiasm.
“I was tending to my tomato plant and endeavouring a Spring cleaning of sorts, but then I thought I should take the opportunity to enjoy the weather fully. You and Sam seem to enjoy it, after all, when the occasion presents itself. I thought I would follow your example.”
kick your ass if you do that again. Don’t mo-”
“What’s that?” Cas asked, pointing at the itchy stretch of material perched on Dean’s lap.
Cas released him, taking a sobering step back.
Okay, so maybe his breathing was getting a bit Darth-y, too. He tried to calm himself down, focusing on long exhalations. For once, he was actually glad he’d suffered Sam’s yoga fixation by osmosis, but more glad still that his brother was driving with his giant foot to the floor.
“Dean, I heard you. I can still hear you. You’ve been praying to me for hours.”
“Nope. That ain’t happening.”
“I can’t…” he gritted, voice thin. Long, airy wisps of insurgent grace seeped from his mouth as he spoke. “I will burn you…No… control. Please Dean.
to fly,” was the explanation, bathed in tones of determined annoyance. “I’m not sure how long I will be ‘stuck’ like this,” he clarified, “but it’s become painfully clear to me that celestial flight is far different from physical lift. I know the physics of it by heart, down to the atomic structure of air molecules as they move, and I know that my Grace should compensate for the heaviness of a human body but I….” At this point, the endearing grimace was too much for Dean not to comment.
mojo... Last time I checked that’s not a good sign… and why the hell have you gone full turkey?”
,” the angel purred unselfconsciously.
“I mean, we’re already Profoundly Bonded; I don’t want to end up accidentally
In fact, Dean was slowly capitulating to the growing blur of his vision, and to the trembling sway of his shoulders under Cas’ gentle (and hijacked) ministrations. Having one’s soul leeched was an exhausting affair it seemed, as swirling black spots polka-dotted the back of his eyelids with every heavy blink.
nuns waiting patiently by the entrance.
He howled the angel’s name into the screeching inferno that Cas had become, and somehow, the chaos yielded just enough for Dean to hear his reply.
Cas’ shoulders quaked softly as he chuckled.
Dean felt the ghost of a smirk reach him at the borrowed expression, regaining his feet after that. He cleared his throat loudly and brushed off his rumpled tee; a portrait of painful, bewildered self-consciousness. For a long while, his sense of limitless unworthiness prevented him from even looking at Cas and his swollen pink lips, his floofy hair and his huge, expectant eyes. Dean being Dean though (ie: a stubborn bastard), he eventually did anyway, concern overriding his mortal embarrassment. He clamped adrenaline-soaked hands on Cas’ shoulders, as though to confirm to himself that the angel was actually still whole.
“You okay?”
On cue, the angel seemed to falter, head sliding just south enough for Dean to pull the emergency brake and yank him back up by the armpits.
Bleary-eyed and sighing, the hunter hauled himself out of bed, unsure of what to make of the solitude. Despite Cas’ inclination for beeping into the veil at the drop of a hat, Dean had to crack a mirthless  grin at the irony of being on the receiving end of his patented fun-and-run tactic for a change. Of course, this wasn’t exactly a one-night stand. It wasn’t like they’d… well. They’d shared a bed, for actual sleeping, post-kiss-of-life-and-heartfelt-declarations-of-bondedness, and while absolutely weird and intense (and well fuck, also kinda nice), it was mostly innocent. (Okay, 97% innocent, if he counted the half-conscious snuggling he begrudgingly suspected of himself.) Either way, if Dean was left feeling the same vague shame and disappointment as some sort of jilted celestial Tinder date, that was his problem, not the angel’s. Poofing out of sight and mind was business as usual for Cas, after all.
“You have been working out more, recently, haven’t you.” Cas said laughing. “Maybe…” Dean answered, hitting Cas’s shoulder lightly, “Shuddup,” he shushed Cas.
Dean and Cas already departed Friday, to make a stop in a hotel. They arrived about half a day before the students and other teachers. Dean decided that they would go skiing already, because they were both teaching the beginners this year, which meant that they wouldn’t be doing much.
They all have a great time there, teachers and pupils, which Castiel found out on his first tour. He’d signed up after Dean, his friend, colleague and fellow PE teacher had talked him into it because the trips were
The students soon caught on that the newbie and their favourite PE teacher had become close friends also off school grounds. The news of their
The students arrived at nine that evening and everybody went to bed after dinner. The next two days were also normal and quiet, because the more inexperienced students were usually exhausted after half a day of class. After dinner they always held a theory class in their groups. Mostly watching and analysing videos of the students, to improve their technique. Once Dean had accidently filmed Cas’s butt, next to a student, that was skiing. He told the group to please concentrate on the pupil, which backfired and in the end everybody in the room staring at Cas’s ass. He was just happy that he was staying in the back of the room that day and hoped that nobody saw him blushing the dimly lit room.
“So do I get the kiss you promised yesterday now? I
At 10.30 they all met outside again to catch the bus. Dean did a quick headcount, but as he wanted to tell the group where to go, one of the older teachers told him, that she would be going back to the hotel with all of them, and Cas and Dean could stay a while longer, to have some fun. By that she probably meant drinking, but Cas’s stomach didn’t get that memo. Dean, of course, accepted the offer and talked to Cas about it, who was just as happy. So after they made sure, that all the students actually entered the bus, they went back inside. By now, only adults were allowed inside, and the real bar had opened.
Dean, he learned shortly after, was resident heartthrob and protagonist in the gossip of many female – and a few male – staff members, teaches Latin and PE. But he also had extensive knowledge of folklore and religion, as Cas soon discovered. It had something to do with his upbringing, Dean had mentioned once, after one too many beers. But he never talked about it again, and Cas didn’t want to push the topic.
“Your key!”
“Only after a proper date with lots of good food, maybe.” He whispered into Dean’s ear.
Well Dean did start dancing, but not some strange breakdance moves that Cas had expected. No, Dean started a proper lap dance. Cas was glad that it was pretty dark in the club, so nobody could really watch them. Not that he didn’t like what he saw, he loved it, but he thought it would be quite embarrassing, if anyone would see that.
Dean offered Cas a hand and he took it without thinking twice. A song,
The teachers lost the game, for the first time in nine years, Dean told him. He took his beer and sat down on the couch, acting as if he was crying. Cas joined him and hugged him, both started laughing instantly. He opened two more beers for them, and they went upstairs with the other teachers, planning the dance. Dean sat down next to Cas after he made sure the students had actually gone to bed. sat down next to each other. The time went by and Dean had his third or fourth beer, as he started getting a bit ‘touchy’. He patted Cas’s shoulder and drew patterns on his back with his fingers. Nothing unusual, as he knew, how affectionate Dean got after a certain amount of alcohol. He never had any problems with it, and he was pretty much used to it, as they were drinking together quite often.
“And Accounting is compulsory for your program?”
“What happened?”
Unable to help himself, Dean watched the sway of Cas’ ass as he walked away.
“Be quiet, Dean, or I’ll consider gagging you,” Cas said conversationally. An involuntary twitch ran through him, but Dean quieted.
“Ok, well, I’m just saying it’s something worth thinking about when you’re sober. I’ll uh, I’ll talk to you on Sunday, right?”
Eyes still focused on the screen, Cas didn’t even seem to be aware of what he was doing. His fingers moved downward, grasping one of Dean’s large, square hands. Cas’s thumb rubbed circles into the meat of his palm, and it felt incredible. Working with tools at Bobby’s, and then typing or writing notes for his classes, left his hands an aching mess most days. Cas moved on, working his way up each finger, learning each of his scars, as Dean bit back a moan.
“Of course it isn’t, Cassie. You know I’m one hundred percent in favour of enthusiastic consent. But I also highly doubt that you’ve sexually assaulted and traumatized some poor Accounting student.”
“Of course not, Sam! He’s class – classier – he’s got more class than that. He told me I don’t need tutoring anymore.”
“What I am is high and hungry. Sitting inside and sharing a meal is more conducive to conversation.” Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand and dragged him across the bench seat. His boots flailed in the footwell as Cas continued to tug.
Cas woke in the morning with a dry mouth and sticky gunk gumming up the corners of his lips. His eyes felt swollen and sore. He felt like he was under water, his reactions delayed and his senses deadened. It had been a bad one, then. Sighing, he rolled to his side, every movement taking a concentrated effort to execute.
A sudden movement behind the desk had him hopping backwards. “Dammit, Bobby, that hurt!”
“Dude, just give me five minutes with some scissors…” Dean looked hopefully through the screen.
Brow furrowed, Cas tried to parse his meaning. They were sitting next to each other, and Dean had his arm around Cas’ shoulder. Sure, he wasn’t almost sitting in Dean’s lap like last time, but…
Oh thank God. The sasquatch has finally showed up. Maybe they can get a different table and leave the angry hot guy alone.
“Little brother, you know I love ya, but you need to get your head out of your math textbooks, sometimes. Your homework today is to look up love languages.”
“Wait! What kind of soap do you use?”
Dean sat up and played with the hem of Cas’s shorts, brow furrowed. “I think it could work. Especially if I recorded some guitar to play in the background. If you read it slowly and added some pauses for the guitar, I can put together movements to go along with the words. We can use the guitar to tie it all together and stretch it out a bit."
It started slowly, about forty minutes into the movie. Cas’ hands were
That last one had thrown him for a loop. Retreating to the couch, he switched over to Zoom and called Sam.
Castiel’s eyes flickered over to the Dean without his head moving and he rolled his eyes before looking up at the ceiling again. “I was just going to hide out for a minute. I didn’t think you’d be leaving so early since you had just ordered beers with Sam. Sorry for the intrusion.” Even though he apologized he made no attempt to get up and exit the car. Dean could see at the other end of the parking lot Gabe’s car was just pulling out.  He pulled his phone out of his pocket and pushed a button with his thumb making it light up and show the time, but he hesitated, deciding not to unlock it and allowing the phone to go dark again.  He set it on the seat letting curiosity get the best of him as he looked at Cas and made no attempt to text Sam and Gabe to let them know he had found Cas.
Dean was distracted momentarily by another shadow backstage that appeared to be talking to Cas. Dean moved his head reaching for a better angle as the crew kept getting in his way. When they finally parted enough that he could see them again they appeared to be hugging before moving out of the shadows together further back stage where he couldn’t see.
opinion on the whole
Cas’ tongue wet his lips thoughtfully before saying, “you know, like you said… they showed up cared enough to show up. I should say thank you.” Gabe nodded as he rinsed the plate. If there was any ulterior motive he wasn’t able to detect it. “How is Samual?” Cas asked, voice soft and caring.
Castiel paused outside of Dean’s room and peered down the hallway to the living room which looked empty.  He went to his room and put the napkin in his own nightstand drawer before quickly changing into his PJ’s. Quietly he exited his room hoping that Dean had already fallen back asleep as he padded barefoot down the hall. He hesitated at the bottom of the stairs before quietly heading up, needing to check in on Samuel Winchester before heading to bed himself. As soon as he reached the top of the stairs he saw Sam’s bedroom door open and Gabe quietly come out closing the door behind him. He turned and jumped when he saw Castiel standing there but regained his composure quickly. The older boy moved passed Castiel descending the stairs quickly leaving him to follow.
Meg rolled her eyes as if he were the silliest person in the world. “Of
The whispered beginning followed by the loud ending really made the line a mantra to all those in the audience that resonated with the message. The last high note that Gabriel hit was so perfectly him that even Dean smiled. The music quieted and ended before the packed club once again erupted into applause. Many even stamping their feet to make more noise in appreciation of the music they were hearing.
Cas’ eyes were pleading for her to stop but she either didn’t notice or didn’t care.  This wasn’t like when she took his song the week before. That was about his dad who would never hear it. Dean was literally inches from him and he felt his cheeks go red now as he was scared the Winchester would somehow put two and two together.  A couple of stray glances to the left and he could see that Dean looked uncomfortable. Had he already figured it out?
“Two beers,” Sam answered. The girl nodded with a smile at Dean, even though he hadn’t said a word to her. Dean gave a smile back that answered,
“I… I think-“ he took a step back from Cas completely forgetting about the fabric on the floor and went toppling backwards. Cas lurched forward to grab him again as he went down but this time ended up falling on top of him in the dark.  As both of the boys groaned over the different bruises that were sure to follow when the light suddenly went on. “Son of a-“ Dean groaned as the light blinded him, making him more disoriented and unaware of his surroundings until his hand found Cas’ hip and he once again pulled it away as if he had touched a hot flame.
Dean followed the sound of his brother's voice, finding him in the kitchen as he made a sandwich. His homework was already spread across the kitchen table to work on. What a geek. "What's up, Sammy?"
He scoot out of his seat and slid in on Cas side, hugging him as best he could in the limited area they had. Castiel welcomed it, feeling the weight he had been carrying fall from him like an anchor, and he didn’t even push Balthazar away as he kissed his cheek up to his temple murmuring “I’m so proud of you” into his messy hair.
Cas almost pressed the issue but didn’t feel it was right to intrude further, not after all the grief he had just caused his brother. Instead he figured he would change the subject. “...and Dean?”
Cas was drunk. Silly drunk. He had needed ample amounts of alcohol to get through what he had just told Meg. Everything. Well… everything up until when he got here. He left all the parts with Dean out because he couldn’t even think about that right now. Hell, he started all this drinking to forget Dean. Then Balthazar shows up out of nowhere… Gabriel’s doing for sure. It was hard to be angry at his brother when he felt this good, though.
“Don’t.” Castiel practically barked as he glared at Gabriel, misplacing his feelings of embarrassment at Dean’s rejection for anger at his brother who was only trying to help.  “I’m staying with Meg. Leave me alone.”  Without looking at Dean again he turned to leave. Meg appeared from behind Dean and followed Cas quickly. “I’ll text you later,” she told Gabe, giving Dean a hard look before going after Cas and leaving both boys standing together at the bar as another song from the show started up behind them.
Cas didn’t say a word as he walked to his room before closing the door. That’s when Dean unloaded. “What the fuck?” He said in a hushed whisper to Gabriel. “You take him in when he’s kicked out and then force him to sign some kind of fucking contract after his friend sings a song of his? What the hell is the matter with you?”
Sam chuckled. “Dean reminded me that he’s here the whole summer and we didn’t have to pack it all into one day. Thought we’d get some drinks and call it a night.”
, helping the guy out as he quickly left the stage to head back to the bar where he was obviously a lot more comfortable being.
next chapter has a song <3 <3 <3
He watched Cas’ expression soften at the familiar words that he hadn’t heard in a few months now. A barely-there-smile hit his lips that made Balthazar give a full toothed grin. “Pas dans un-”
He pushed the door open the rest of the way and he walked in a few steps. “Cas?” He said lightly hoping the boy would rise easy. He sighed when he didn’t stir and moved closer to the bed. “Hey, Cas!” he whispered harshly making the boy stir some.  Finally Dean sat on the edge of the bed and gave the boy a soft shake.
“I could also dance for you if you’d like…” Dean said with a playful smirk on his face.
They had come up with a real choreography, and the students loved it. Honestly the teachers did too, it was a lot of fun.
Every year in the week before winter break, the junior year of the Galileo Galilei Highschool goes on a skiing trip together with nearly all of their PE teachers.
Tuesday was different. The teachers decided, that it was the perfect day for their Activity game. The bets for this year were a little strange, but not entirely unusual, Cas thought. If the students would lose, they’d have to cook a three-course-meal for the teachers. If the teachers would lose the game, they’d have to dance the whole Gangnam Style song.
.  He did like it and it was just as great as Dean had promised. At the first stop the bus did, they were already engaged in a snowball fight with all the kids. Of course, skiing and snowboarding were great too, but the evenings were the best. They played Activity, teachers against students. Each side placed a bet, what to do if the other team lost. Cas quickly found out that the teachers were a good team, but nobody would defeat him and Dean. The student hadn’t once defeated the teacher’s team in the four years he was at the school.
“It is definitely time for bed now.” Cas said and stood up, and Dean followed, a bit clumsy with the chairs. A few minutes later, they stood in front of his room and Cas looked at him. Dean stared into his eyes, not intending to do anything.
He closed the remaining distance between them it felt like slow motion. When Cas finally felt Dean’s lips touch his, he immediately pushed his whole body into Dean. The kiss was slow, but Cas could feel a fire burning inside him.. It was sweet and definitely too short, Cas thought as they broke apart.
“That’s ok, maybe next time.” Cas replied, patting his shoulder.
After Dean had finished his clumsy dance, Cas suggested that they should better get going, they’d have to wake up early tomorrow. Dean agreed, which was odd as Cas thought he’d need to do some convincing first, but he didn’t mind this outcome either.
When they met, Dean wore ripped jeans, a black band-tee and his signature flannel. When he greeted Cas, he knew he was done for. The freckles, the eyes, greener than anything he’d ever seen, and a genuine smile, that made his insides turn over twice. He was by far the most handsome man Cas had ever met. He felt like was still blushing two hours after he went home that first day.
“Well then, no beer for you.” Dean said. He returned with his phone in his hand, typing something. Putting it down onto the bed he mumbled, “I was sad that we didn’t dance together, so I thought maybe we could do that now…” Cas was, well surprised, yes, but his stomach was doing somersaults in this belly.
“Come in, please, I want to show you something.” Dean told him while opening the door. Cas raised his eyebrow, but stepped into the room with Dean. “But make it short, we have to get up early tomorrow.” Cas said quietly, trying not to be too loud, because he really didn’t want to wake up anyone.
soon made it through the whole school back to the teacher’s lounge. Cas was terrified when Charlie and Donna, English teachers by day and gossips also by day, asked him about it, but when Dean joined them and consequently got involved in the topic too, he had a good laugh about, put his hand on Cas’s shoulder, said that he wouldn’t mind any kind of romance with some ‘hot stuff’ like Cas, winked at him and walked away. Cas could’ve died right then and there. His face and neck were bright red within seconds, and he hurried away to busy himself. There was nothing he could do about the endless scenarios that played out in his head though.
“Where on earth have you got all that beer from?” Cas asked back, not particularly shocked though. This was Dean Winchester after all.
Cas chuckled and said, “Only for sober people”. He immediately felt his cheeks burning up again. Why would he say something that stupid. He and Dean are just good friends for heaven’s sake. He could just hoped that the last beer would blur Dean’s memory of the evening or that he’d simply let it slide.
Or blame it on Cas, it's really his fault... He'll be back with a vengeance in Chapter 10.
“Gabe,” Cas gasped. “Gabriel.” He was on the floor, how did he get on the floor? He dragged his forehead across the carpet. The weight of his body pressed down on his lungs. He couldn’t catch his breath.
“What exactly are you apologizing for?”
“Dean, what are you talking about? I think the last thing I sent you was a picture of my midterm grades. Is that what you mean?”
Meg nodded approvingly, stroking her fingers lightly over the driver’s side mirror. “So? You want me to give her a hand job?”
“Sammy.”
Cas’ feet froze to the floor, staring at Dean’s face. At the slight stubble on his cheeks, the little dent in the right side of his nose that kept it from being completely straight. And those full, pink lips.
Feeling a little like a flannel-clad tornado had just walked through the door, Cas picked up the six pack Dean had rested on the floor and put it in the fridge. He assumed there would be studying before beer drinking. They’d have to take their masks off for drinking. He felt a heavy thump in his chest, and convinced himself it was an anxious reaction to the increased potential for germ spreading, not the idea of seeing Dean’s whole face.
“And?”
Next, he pulled out the chicken breast and broccoli florets and dumped them into a casserole dish with a can of condensed mushroom soup. He wasn’t sure if someone like Dean would consider this “cooking” or not, but in his own mind, it was a step up from ordering out, and the recipe on the back of the can seemed simple enough. At least he was trying…thanks to Dean’s influence.
A car was pulled up in front of his house. A long, black car. Dean’s car. Unless there were two sleek, midnight Impalas in town? Anything was possible?
Cas sighed. “Were you planning to sit here all night? The temperature is dropping and I’d rather you didn’t develop a case of hypothermia.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, buddy. Cuddles for tutoring, that’s what we agreed. Let’s just consider this one a freebie. I’ll see you around, Cas.” He saluted with two fingers, and closed the door quietly behind himself.
Dean growled.
Cas sighed. “A cuddle buddy. He comes over once a week and I help him with his Accounting homework. In return, we spend an hour on the couch, platonically cuddling, in order to increase oxytocin levels and help my Anxiety.”
“Who’s Martha?”
“You Dean?”
“Your name and your apartment address are on the invoice. Everything’s paid for, Mr. Winchester. There is some frozen stuff here, you might want to unload that first. Have a good night!”
They moved together through the doorway to the small dining set and Dean pulled out his notebook and his Accounting 101 textbook.
Dean shot her a flat look. Charlie just grinned.
“Did he say he didn’t want to see you again?”
Cas huffed a laugh, except he didn’t sound amused. Dean wasn’t sure what was happening. He wished he could walk out the door and come back in. There was an undercurrent in the room and he didn’t understand what had caused it.
Dean collapsed back onto the couch, pulling the laptop with him and draping it over his stomach. So what if Sam could see his double chins this way.
“You’re high, huh?” Dean asked softly, peering into narrow blue rims around blown pupils.
Cas was silent for a moment, and Dean looked up from the lettuce hearts to see the other man staring at his bee slippers. He took a breath and leaned back against the door frame, stuffing his hands in his sweatpants. “What about work? How’s the shop?”
A slight smile pulled at the corners of Dean’s lips. “Thanks, Red.”
“Gabriel’s Kielbasa Stand! We bring the meat to every party!”
“Did he what?”
Bobby?” Cas teased.
“I didn’t want to leave,” he said urgently, forcing the words out as he placed chaste kisses in the corners of Cas’ mouth. “But I didn’t think you wanted me.”
Cas watched Dean walk to the sleek black car parked on the road. He stood on the porch and stared as Dean opened the back door and set the leftovers in the footwell and shut the door almost too gently. His eyes never left Dean’s face as the other man got into the driver’s side and pulled the door shut behind him. He watched Dean’s wrist flick, and as the car roared at her master’s touch. He stared as Dean pulled the gearshift downwards, and drove out of Cas’ life without a single look back at the little yellow house with the black lacquered door, it’s lonely owner silhouetted by the single porch light.
“Good luck with that. You’re gonna end up smelling like the pond, too, amigo. Be careful Bobby doesn’t decide to shoot you.” Warning issued, Ash ambled back in the direction of the shop.
“So did he?”
Dean laughed and stood up. “Want to walk a bit?”
Charlie shrugged and started braiding her hair. “Someone must have appreciated what you did for them recently, and wanted to show you in a way you’d understand,” she said.
Cas pulled the tape off the ends and pulled out a t-shirt of his own. He laughed. “I get this one!” The shirt read “It’s Accrual World”. Dean smiled in pleasure.
Dean nodded. “That makes sense, especially these days. Everyone could use a hero, especially a hot one. Which Avenger turns your crank?”
Cas stared from the truck bed to Dean and back, heartbeat clanging like New Orleans jazz. Dean had done this for
Meg lifted a shoulder. “No skin off my nose. It was Clarence.” She went back to sorting her buckets and soaps.
His heart skipped beats, as though it was throwing itself over the edge of a rollercoaster track, falling to the ground.
Dean glanced at his face and took matters into his own hands. Pushing and pulling, he shoved Cas’ right arm behind his back, and pulled him closer so that Cas’ head and free hand rested on Dean’s firm chest as the rest of him lay in the vee of Dean’s legs.
Heavy dusk was just settling outside, causing the street lights to flicker on as Cas closed his books and stepped away from the table. With a sigh, he stretched slowly, his back cracking and popping. The tightness bled out of his shoulders as he moved around his little house, switching on lamps as he went. He changed out of his jeans and button-down and into a long-sleeved Henley and track pants, preparing for a comfortable night.
“Yes, you are,” Cas said firmly. “You’re not leaving that here. Our deal was one meal, not a meal plus leftovers.”
“Yeah, he did. I mean, he kissed me. I admit I kissed him back. But you’ve seen him. You can hardly blame me!”
Through his tablet, he caught sight of Charlie’s raised eyebrow. “Beer? Dude, it’s not even noon yet.”
Cas looked up, his eyes filled with amusement. “You’re here to offend my nose? I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this punishment. You smell like wet dog and engine oil. Though the engine oil smell is a little appealing. The wet dog is definitely not. It must be appealing to someone. Maybe to other dogs. I’m sure Labrador Retrievers don’t mind the smell of each other,” he mused.
Dean drew in a breath as his pants suddenly became a size too small. They hadn’t gone
Cas kissed him again, licking heavily into Dean’s mouth, before he groaned and pulled away. Standing up, he reached a hand down and pulled Dean to his feet, then tugged him down the hall to his bedroom. He didn’t stop until he’d pushed Dean down on the dark blue comforter and landed back on top of him.
Dean closed his eyes, taking a deep breath and relaxing completely into the bed underneath Cas. It was fascinating to watch him release all tension, his body radiating compliance. Cas stroked a hand over his forehead, leaned down to meet willing lips. They kissed slowly, lips parting and spit-slick with pleasure. Cas started a slow grind, circling his hips and dragging his stomach against Dean’s hard cock.
“Cas?”
“Goddamnit, Rumsfeld! Leave the ducks alone!”
“Not at all. It would be highly inappropriate while I’m tutoring him. In my role as a Teacher’s Assistant, I do formally represent the college. He could sue me for sexual harassment,” Cas mused.
Clearing his throat, Cas shifted his weight back onto his heels. “The pandemic has been here for a year. I find myself stressed out most days. My schedule only allows for so many runs per week and I’m already eating very healthily. My rental agreement doesn’t allow for a pet,” Cas recited. “Touching another human releases oxytocin, which reduces stress.”
Dean’s face fell a little but he rallied with a smile. “If you want to wait, that’s cool.” He sat back on the couch and fiddled with his spoon.
I've increased the chapter count by one. Sorry not sorry. Blame it on my inexperience! Slot A would not insert into Tab B, so I had to wrestle with chapters 8 and 10, and Chapter 9 got roughed up as a result. This was NOT at all how I expected 9 to go.
Dean shook his head like he had water in his ears. He was trying to follow along with what Sam was saying but it was hard; alcohol already had the reins.
Cas typed, hesitated, typed.
“Good evening, Sunshine.”
“Chemical Guys. The pink stuff,” Meg answered, examining her nails.
Cas turned towards him and raised an eyebrow.
Cas flushed a little in the dying light, hoping Dean couldn’t see it. “Thank you, Dean. I’m managing. Medication keeps the worst of the Anxiety at bay, and I spoke with Gabriel yesterday. He’s remarkably useful in banishing some of my worst fears when my usual routines are upended.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I don’t know why you’re botherin’,” Ash said as he came around the corner, munching on a granola bar. He stayed a prudent sniffing distance away from the scene while he ate. “He’s gonna be back in there tomorrow.”
Dean felt a smile pulling at the side of his face. “Well, the ingredients got better and fresher, but Bobby can burn water. So I did most of the cooking for the three of us. Now I usually make him something quick before I leave the shop, or I bring him in some leftovers. Otherwise he tends to drink whiskey all night and forgets to eat.”
When Dean began to overheat a little, he gently pushed Cas back onto his own feet. He went reluctantly, raising heavy-lidded eyes to meet Dean’s.
Charlie huffed and looked at him. “Tell me that you love me.”
He didn’t know how long he stood there, hands braced against his knees, fighting his own body. Acrid cold sweat ran from his armpits down his biceps. Surging upright, he weaved and stumbled, looking for his phone. It fell out of his shaking hands, dropping to the floor before he could catch it.
Dean’s mind whispered traitorously. “Sure, Cas, whatever you say.” Dean carried his own plate to the table and sat down, helpless to figure out where his appetite had suddenly gone. This night wasn’t turning out at all like he’d expected. He’d figured there might be some couch cuddling and an Avengers movie while they ate. But there wasn’t. Their relationship really was platonic, now, and Cas was obviously happy with that arrangement.
“Dean!” Cas’ voice cracked like a whip. “What did I tell you? That’s mine. No touching.” He slicked the condom and crawled back between Dean’s legs. Chastened, Dean gripped Cas’ ass and pulled him down, so their cocks rubbed together.
“What? It’s not Christmas until Hans Grubber has fallen out of Nakatomi Tower!” Dean protested.
“Cas!”
“Dean, is that real bacon?” Cas peered into the bowl.
Dean dropped his forehead into his hands and spoke to the table. “I think I took advantage of Cas.”
Cas wandered back into the living room and put Dean’s mug down on the coffee table. It had an adorable little storm cloud on it, obviously a matching set for the sunshine mug that held his own tea. Dean sat back, spread his legs, and opened his arms.
Carefully stacking noodles, meat sauce, cheese, and his special homemade pasta sauce, he went back over the conversation. Sam’s scholarship had helped them out a lot, but two sets of books (one set used), two apartments, and two grocery bills were not cheap. The only reason Dean even bought meat for his own meals was because he’d learned the hard way that he needed the protein to sustain his physical labour at the shop. Once rent and his own tuition and books were paid for, there wasn’t much left to send to Sam, but he damn sure wasn’t telling him that.
I'm still free-falling without a beta, so let me know if you seen any errors. Constructive criticism is always welcome. Mostly I'm just throwing words on the page to get back into the habit of writing, so share your thoughts with me about this whole concept of cuddle buddies. Do you think two attractive college students can keep it platonic? Yeah, who am I kidding? .... Ok, who's going to make the first move?
Dean waited patiently, sipping his beer. Mechanics, he could do. Even cooking, he was pretty good at that. And yes, his rent was pro-rated because he provided basic maintenance for some of the apartments in his building.
Sam’s words filtered slowly through the moonshine spreading fuzzy haze in his brain. He grunted noncommittally.
A grumpy frown crossed Cas’ face, and for a moment he looked exactly like the mug, Dean thought.
Dean pulled Cas close and nuzzled against his cheek. “I can’t believe my boyfriend hasn’t seen Die Hard.”
Cas couldn’t answer.
Dean leaned his weight back gingerly, resting his head against Cas’ collarbone. He wasn’t sure what to say, now that he’d been herded into position. He hadn’t been sure what to say while sitting in the car, either. Since he’d screwed things up last time, maybe he’d better let Cas start the talking, see where
Unbeta'ed, constructive criticism is always welcome!
“He wasn’t supposed to be here last night, Gabe. I had no plans with him. It was Tuesday,” Cas’ voice sped up. “He showed up unannounced to borrow my shower. On a Tuesday.”
call Charlie to catch up.
“Charlie. Do you know who did this?”
Dean cupped his neck and brought their foreheads together. “I think we’ve established I’m not really good with words, you know?” He paused and took a breath. “But you said … you said we had a ‘profound bond’.” This time he makes the dorky air quotes and Cas’ lips quirk upwards.
“Um…yes.” Dean looked down, certain now that he’d totally screwed this up.
What did you think overall?
of the second hand on his cheap kitchen clock. Dean doesn’t dare look at the tablet screen.
Sam recovers quickly. “I’m sure that’s not it. I’m positive that’s not it. Didn’t you say this guy is really specific about his social circle? Someone like that isn’t going to turn around and get a new cuddle buddy, Dean.”
“Touch me, Dean,” he whispered. Immediately his hands were upon Cas’ flesh, sliding down his back, touching everything he could reach from where Cas sat at his hip. Dean’s fingers slipped beneath his lounge pants, and Dean let out a filthy groan.
Dean’s face flushed with embarrassment. Cas didn’t even want to tutor him anymore. Sure, this had been a good week for him, but obviously this was Cas’ way of getting Dean out of his life. Through the roar in his ears, he recognized that Cas had finished speaking.
“Are you on your feet? To the kitchen now, Cassie. Get a glass and drink some water.”
“Thank you, Dean. Thank you so much.” Cas kissed him again, stroking his tongue across his lower lip.
“Would you mind making dinner on the nights that we work together? I’m not a particularly inventive cook and it’s not something I enjoy. This way, we still wouldn’t need to exchange funds,” Cas grasped at straws, trying to think of something that would give him more time with Dean without sounding desperate.
Dean sighed. “Wasn’t interested. Didn’t want my shitty store-bought dessert. Didn’t want my shitty leftovers. Told me not to come back.”
“I’m sorry. I’ll see if I can get a refund and –“
“Sure, man. Go ahead. My brother’s joining me and he’s huge, but there’s still plenty of table,” Dean grins and winks.
“Night, Bitch.”
Lying on the floor, Cas cried in ugly, gasping sobs and listened to his brother’s calm, quiet voice reciting multiplication tables.
Let me know what you think Cas is going to learn about love languages. And do you think Dean will take any of Sam's words to heart? .... Funny how Dean gets a bit chatty when he's drunk.
“I’ve heard of that. My brother Sammy plays with Charlie sometimes, too. Oh, so I take my notes long-hand. I hope that’s ok. I know all the kids these days take notes on their laptops, but I guess I’m old school.” Dean shrugged apologetically and waggled the pencils in the air.
Poking his head around the office door, he grinned. “You bellowed?”
Cas unlinked their hands and pulled Dean up slightly, so his head rested on Cas’ shoulder. Goosebumps followed the slow sweep of Castiel’s hands down Dean’s arms to his wrists and back up again.
“No….sir,” Dean breathed, halfway between a simple acknowledgement and an honorific. Cas accepted it, knew they had time to get there. He gave in, pulling his shirt over his head and leaving it on the floor. He moved long enough to tug Dean’s jeans off, then paused, gauging Dean’s reaction before tugging his boxers off, too. Dean whimpered, hand reaching to his own swollen cock.
“You’ve looked like crap all morning. Want to talk about it?”
“Cas, are you okay?”
“Love languages?”
“Yes, I’m the alleged manwhore,” Trench Coat Cas replies drily. He’s succeeded in pulling a black sharpie out of his coat pocket. Leaning across the table towards Dean, he uncaps the marker and adds a little something to the graffiti. Dean gets a whiff of his aftershave and a close-up look at that jawline, and loses the ability to think.
“Thank you to who, Sammy?” Dean barked. “There was no note, no invoice. Just my name and address.”
“Dean,” Sam tried. “Is it maybe possible that he was asking you questions to get to know you better? And he knows, uh, he knows you work a lot, right?” Sam cleared his throat. “Maybe he thought he was doing you a favour by telling you to take the leftovers, so you wouldn’t have to cook again?”
“Heya, Cas.” He grinned crookedly.
Dean stood back with arms crossed. Watching Meg’s hands slide over Baby made him feel…something. He didn’t like it. “Yeah,” he said gruffly. “327, four barrel.”
“Sit.” He said imperiously. “You owe me.”
Dean rubbed a hand across the back of his neck, “Cas, I think….I think you’re high, man.”
“Thank you for the ride, Dean. I’ve left the fare in the backseat. I’m only telling you in case you pick up another fare tonight. I’ll look forward to seeing you at The Mark, if our schedules align in the near future.” With a small, polite smile, he walked away in silence.
“Don’t rush for my sake,” Cas said to himself in the kitchen, just loud enough for Dean to catch.
“Yes?” Cas turned an inquiring gaze to him.
“You won’t regret it,” Dean promised. He tilted Cas’ chin slightly and met his lips. Cas turned more fully towards him, wrapping a hand around Dean’s neck and kissing him again as Sam the Snowman appeared on screen.
Dean’s face flooded with colour. “Fine. Go ahead.” Meg nodded and walked back around front, pulling her detailing van into the back parking lot. Dean pulled Baby out of her spot and parked her in the shade near the hose in Bobby’s backyard. He watched as Meg opened the side of her van. Reluctantly impressed, he took a closer look at the rows of wet and dry chamois, the number of soaps, stacks of paper towels, and the industrial-sized vacuum that Meg carried with her.
“Hello. I wasn’t expecting you to call.”
Cas blushed again, but smiled back. He really liked seeing Dean’s grin, even if it was at his expense.
“My mother’s a doctor,” Cas slurred. “Dermatology. Skin’s the biggest organ, blah blah,” he muttered. He closed his eyes and splayed his legs out along the length of the couch, settling in more closely against Dean’s chest.
Cas released a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding. Dean’s easy acceptance of his suggestion brought a warm glow to his heart. He tucked the thought in a box and shoved it to the back of his mind.
“Wasn’t a date.”
“Dean, you enrolled me in this class already?” Cas sounded funny.
They worked together for a moment, Dean slipping off his long-sleeved brown flannel and leaving it hanging off one of the dining room chairs as he submerged his hands in wet lettuce. In turn, Cas set the oven to preheat and put the foil-covered lasagna on a tray to catch drips.
Today’s jog would have to wait; he knew Gabriel would be expecting a call, so he may as well get it over with. Wincing slightly at the hour, he pressed redial and waited. It only rang once before his brother picked up.
“’til next time,” Cas said softly to an empty room that did, indeed, still smell like Dean.
Dean sighed and leaned his hands on the counter, looming over the laptop. “Sam, we talked about this. I’m still working 35 hours a week and I’m carrying a full course load. Sometimes I don’t go to bed until two a.m., and I have to be at the garage or online for classes by eight. I’m sorry I don’t call more often, but it’s not because I don’t want to talk to you.”
Alfie leaned forward slightly to look at Dean’s licence, keeping his hand in the door the whole time.
“No, it’s okay. I suppose we’re part of each other’s bubbles, now.”
Quick as a whip, Alfie took his hand out of the doorframe, dropped the bags with a sigh of relief, and disappeared through the exit door.
Cas’s shoulders stayed ramrod straight and he did his best not to breathe damply on Dean’s neck, which was hard to do, with the way Dean had pressed his face into his shoulder.
“Dean.”
“Nah, man, take out is all right once a week, but you can make better food at home, way cheaper.” Dean kicked off his boots and carried his handful into Cas’ kitchen, the dark-haired man following behind. He dropped the bag on the counter next to the other two Dean had carried in.
Meg followed him through the shop, her work boots clunking steadily behind him. He pushed open the back door and led the way over to Baby.
“His name is Dean. He’s a friend of Charlie’s. He’s working to get his Business degree so he can take over his uncle’s mechanic shop,” Cas said.
Bobby stayed in his office chair, and nodded him towards the petite dark-haired woman standing in front of the desk.
It couldn’t hurt to stop and knock on the door, right?
“Cassie, is your breathing better?”
Cas speared his fingers upward, searching for Dean’s prostate. “If by that you mean I’m not wearing underwear, yes.”
Dean’s mind pulled away at the idea that he was so kind and caring. He was just a guy. Nothing special about him. He shifted uncomfortably between Cas’ legs.
“Men like Dean aren’t interested in people like me,” he said softly.
He might be a skinny thing, but his tone and his eyes said he wasn’t going anywhere until Dean coughed up some ID.
Giving up, he swung his legs over the side of the bed and pulled on his knitted bee slippers. The little floppy wings were a bit annoying, but his neighbour, Mrs. Moseley, had knitted them for him, and he grudgingly admitted that they made him feel good. These days, Cas was all in favour of the little things that made him feel good and quieted his Anxiety.
“Nothin’,” Dean whispered. He shifted slightly, turning more on his side, propping one hand beneath his head to act as a pillow against Cas’ chest. Cas dropped one hand to wrap securely around his bent elbow, while the other landed on his shoulder. For a little while, Cas was still again. Dean relaxed by degrees.
Cas smiled softly. “Don’t you want to eat your pudding first?”
, and it’s only been twenty minutes.”
getting too old to spend time bent over with a cold hose, washing off an ignoramus of a mutt. Grabbing the leather collar, Dean stared at the muddy brown coat and sighed. Rumsfeld didn’t seem to notice, panting happily as Dean pulled him towards the miniscule patch of grass that Bobby called his backyard.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean took the bag and slipped his boots back on. He flung his backpack over one shoulder and then met Cas’ eyes.
“Did you know, Dean,” Cas began, in a slow rich voice, “that in the nineteenth century, men would attack women and cut off their braids? It was a form of sexual perversion. They were called
things to him.
Cas’ stomach suddenly let loose a growl to rival Dean’s groan. It surprises a laugh out of him.
“Oh?” It was all Dean could get out, as the fingers continued their petting, tripping down to the nape of his neck, trickling over the sensitive curve of his ear.
Cas lay stiffly for a moment, his legs curled up underneath him. Under his ear, he could hear and feel the reassuring thud of Dean’s heart. “This ok?” Dean’s voice rumbled pleasingly through his chest.
“Meg!” He called. “If I asked you to tell me who paid for this?”
“Oh, sorry.”
“There must be a mistake. I didn’t order any groceries,” Dean said, trying to close the door. The kid was wily, though, and slapped a hand in the frame. Dean couldn’t close the door without slamming the kid’s fingers in the door. And he wasn’t that much of an asshole.
“I like the part about ruling in Hell instead of serving in Heaven,” Dean replied with a smirk. Cas shoved his shoulder in retaliation.
“Then work with me, man. It’ll be different and awesome. Everyone else will be doing solo performances or acts from Shakespeare or some shit. We can do something cool for the recital.”
“Yes, Dean. Payment. My major is Accounting and Financial Management. I’ve learned nothing is free. The cost of the water for the shower, the extra laundry incurred by the dirty towel, you’ll probably require shampoo and soap to remove that odour…” A grin flirted across Cas’ full lips. “How do you intend to pay me?”
Another minute passed in silence. Dean shifted his weight slightly. “Um, Cas? Is this working the way you want?”
Dean huffed and dragged Cas towards the truck bed. “Some of the guys in my cabin told me about this. And I, uh, I thought maybe…” He shone his flashlight into the bed of the Dodge. Cas could see Dean’s Batman sleeping bag laid out, a thin blanket on top. “I thought we could watch the stars a bit.”
Dean let out a disbelieving laugh. “What, are you….are you stoned?”
. “You don’t have other plans tonight? I don’t want to take advantage of our deal.”
Another man might have been angry. Another man might have been hurt at the polite brush-off, the telltale sign that Cas’s dreams had come true and that Dean’s had not. But another man never would have let Cas go in the first place. Dean reached over the seat and stuffed the damp bills in his shirt.
“That’s mine. Don’t touch,” Cas threatened. Dean’s hand dropped away and Cas hummed appreciatively.
“Are those appropriate?” Cas asked worriedly. “I generally don’t understand your t-shirts but I do understand that they’re double entendres. Charlie assured me that these would be suitable additions to your collection.”
Dean didn’t let him finish the sentence. “No, it’s all right, Cas. I understand. Thanks for all your help. I’m sorry about –“ He paused, then gave up. “Sorry. I’ll see you around.” He walked out the door without a backward glance.
Dean waited for the lightbulb to click on.
“That other one will just mangle the bread,” Dean explained. “The serrated one works better.”
“Dean,” he growled, licking a stripe up the side of his neck. “I’d very much like to strip you naked and slide my cock into your hot, lubed ass. Do you have any concerns or suggestions that would require me to alter my plans?”
“Hello, Dean.”
“What if we sit down?” Cas asked hesitantly, fully aware that Dean had suggested that in the first place. His traitorous arms just weren’t ready to let go of the first person he’d touched in months.
“Yes, Gabriel! I assaulted a man last night!”
“Could we lose this, maybe?” He pulled the hat off Cas’ head and ran his fingers through his messy hair. Cas groaned, nipping Dean’s bottom lip, then soothing it with his tongue. He pulled back, wet lips trailing across Dean’s cheek, catching his ear lobe in his mouth and tugging lightly. Dean leaned his head to the side, granting access to his neck. He wrapped a calloused palm around Cas’ nape to keep him in place. Cas chuckled darkly and twisted to pull his legs out from under him so he could straddle Dean’s lap. His teeth grazed Dean’s neck as he nosed aside the collar of his plaid.
Carefully, Cas thought over the night previous. Dean had been the one to express concern about Cas’ mental state. The events were a little fuzzy, but he was certain he’d asked Dean if he was uncomfortable
“I have feelings for Dean.” Saying it out loud is almost a relief.
“So young Cas decided he wanted to be an auditor?” Dean’s tone was teasing, but his attention was fully focused on him as they turned a corner of the gravel path, past the empty baseball diamonds.
“Die Hard.”
collectors of women’s locks.”
Blue met green, and Cas took in another deep breath through damp cotton. “I’m sorry, my Anxiety is acting up more lately, with the lockdowns.”
Dean dropped a kiss into Cas’ dark curls. “No, Sunshine, I’m pretty sure it’s just you.”
“Then he didn’t want dessert,” Dean interrupted.
“No, of course not. But we agreed an hour for an hour, and it’s been an hour. I don’t want to take advantage of you like I did last time.”
“Alexa, play my favourites list.”
The slow rise and fall of Cas’ chest behind him lulled him into a sense of peace in the quiet house. Cas wrapped around him like ivy, and while he wasn’t sure what he’d done to deserve it, he didn’t want to be anywhere else.
“You need to relax, Dean. Like a rosebud, you need to unfurl.”
Cas moaned unintelligibly, both hands gripping Dean’s ass, dragging Dean down as he slammed up. Pleasure barreled through his system, short-circuiting his ability to access higher brain functions, like speech.
Dean’s tongue slipped tentatively over the seam of Cas’s lips, and it was Cas’s turn to groan. Dean licked his way into Cas’s mouth, hot and wet and deep. Cas thrust his fingers into Dean’s hair and tugged him closer still.
“I should have known I couldn’t keep it platonic. He’s probably going to want to cancel our sessions, now,” he groaned.
Dean whipped the mask off his face and sighed heavily. “Thank God, because this thing was driving me crazy. It’s bad enough wearing it all day at the shop.”
Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth, taking that full lower lip between his teeth and tugging. “So this whole speech” – he interrupted himself to swipe his tongue across that lip – “was just to say that we’re a couple of dumbasses?”
“I made my special lasagna, and I brought the stuff for a Caesar salad, and baguettes were half off at the store, so we can have garlic bread, too.”
If you're not interested in the explicit next step, the story does end satisfactorily with Chapter 10.
Cas’s face pulled into a puzzled frown, so reminiscent of his teenage self that Dean’s chest ached fiercely for what might have been. “Dean…”
Cas was busy tacking his calendar back on the wall and didn’t answer. Dean glanced to the side, wondering for a moment if he’d missed previous signs that Cas was a heavy drinker. He began triaging in his head.
Cas laughed, a deep, infectious “
Cas turned at the doorway and flicked his eyebrow up with dark promise in his gaze. “We can work on that, if you want,” he offered.
An unfortunate (or fortuitous?) situation lands Dean on Cas' doorstep on a regular Tuesday night. But the owner of the little yellow bungalow isn't quite himself...
“Do you talk often?”
They sat in silence for a few minutes, Cas gradually finishing his plate, while Dean stuffed a few bites in his mouth just to have something to do.
Yanked back into the present, Cas sat up straighter on the couch. “What was the question?”
“I keep any change I find under the seats,” Meg said. Tying her hair back, she pulled off her leather jacket and threw it in the front seat of the van. She took off her mask and pulled on a pair of rubber gloves.
Spying a bench ahead, he pulled Dean down next to him. They sat closely enough that Cas could feel the heat of Dean’s body against his own.
“I told him he didn’t need more tutoring. Most mature students don’t, after the first few months. I tried to ask him if perhaps he’d like to get together socially, but I wasn’t able to ask him before he walked out.”
“Oh, shit, wait just a second.” A little more maneuvering, and Dean shed his flannel, leaving him in his Camel Towing t-shirt. Then he pulled Cas back into position and returned his attention to the movie, satisfied.
Cas wrinkled his nose at the potent odour. “Is that just hot rum?” He asked.
Dean burst out laughing, shaking the bed. Cas sat up, a perturbed look on his face. “What?”
Dean stared at the box. It was perfectly wrapped in shiny silver paper, secured with a brilliant red ribbon. “I can wait –“
“Well you only call me like every two weeks, man. How else am I supposed to know what’s going on with you?”
“Well, no. I don’t go around feeding strangers. That would be kinda weird.”
“Boring. Is he hot?”
“For leaving here weeks ago and not coming back. Sit!”
Dean crossed his arms and smirked. “Kinda like closing the barn door when the horse is already out, there, Cas.”
“A platonic cuddle buddy?” He can hear his brother’s confusion, and oh shit, he’d never told Sam about that…
“Well, thanks, Cas. That’s actually why I’m here.”
“Shh. I’m not done. It’s not your turn,” Cas said, his chin rubbing Dean’s hair.
“It’s to my house,” Cas offered.
“You bet. Thursday afternoon. I’ll bring lasagna, okay?”
“But if it wasn’t you, and it wasn’t Sam, and it sure as hell wasn’t Bobby –“
Cas frowned. “I don’t know, Gabriel. He doesn’t speak about himself that often. He can be quite tactile, but that may be due more to the nature of our relationship. I do know he’s quite busy with his work and a full course load. Even if he was interested in someone, he may not have the resources to dedicate to a relationship.”
A few moments passed in silence, and then Cas sighed. “I apologize, Dean. I appreciate you taking an interest in my career. You seem very well-informed about my projects, even those that haven’t come to fruition yet. It’s rude of me to treat you in a condescending manner. I’ve had a rough night but that’s no excuse for taking it out on you. If people like you didn’t take an interest in what I do, I wouldn’t have a career that I love.”
Dean pushed his plate away. “Just not as hungry as I thought, I guess.”
Taking a breath, Dean briefly explained the events of Tuesday night, leaving out his own reaction to Cas’ tactile attack, ending with the makeout session that has been playing on repeat in his brain for the past day and a half.
Cas ground his heel onto Dean’s toes. “Is the Christmas pudding also Martha’s?”
“Pretty sure the guy who had his tongue down your throat a few weeks ago isn’t going to sue you for harassment, Cassie,” Gabriel said dryly.
“Uh huh,” she answered.
Sam scratched his collarbone and flipped a page in his textbook. “I guess you could always try calling the store to ask who paid for them.”
“I took advantage of you on Tuesday, Cas, and I’m sorry. You were under the influence, and there’s no way you could consent to what happened. I should never have let things go as far as they did,” Dean said, his gaze flickering around Cas’ face, but refusing to meet his eyes.
The room was silent and still, as if Cas’ words were a special language meant only for Dean’s ears. Dean lay quiet, unable to draw enough breath into his lungs, and simultaneously unable to move to do anything about it, lest he break the spell.
“I was thinking about Satan’s speech from ‘Paradise Lost’.” He chanced a sidelong glance at his friend.
Picking up his phone, he checked his call log and sighed in disgust. He’d been on the phone with Gabriel for over an hour. He vaguely remembered lying on the floor in the living room, remembered Gabriel’s soothing voice reciting multiplication tables. He wondered briefly how many he’d had to recite this time.
Dean had to agree with that point, too. He hated to admit it, but Meg had done a great job, and he’d felt justified in leaving her a good review. Without having to take care of Baby, he’d had time to make himself a kick-ass Saturday night dinner,
Dean hesitated. “You know what you’re doing?”
“Don’t apologize. Just tell me what went sideways and how you’re going to implement measures to help yourself next time it happens,” Gabriel interrupted.
Dean pulled back, leaned up on one elbow over Cas. “Is this okay?” He asked, his green gaze wide as he stared down into Cas’s face.
. You know the one I mean?”
“Charlie.”
Dean booped his nose again. “Because it is. So what are you gonna recite?”
Cas blinked. “Of course I’m high. It’s Tuesday, isn’t it? Why is your coat still on?” Cas tugged irritably at Dean’s sleeves. Dean shrugged his shoulders and the jacket slipped off into Cas’ waiting hands. Hanging it on a hook, Cas grabbed his hand again and led him over to the couch.
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes. “Just because you showed me a few things doesn’t mean that the cheer team is going to accept me, Dean.”
Charlie leaned forward, her face looming large in the screen. “What if you didn’t have to
“Oh, okay, so I’ll just…” Dean gestured at the present in his lap, as if his one hand wasn’t already carefully prying the tape up.
Mesmerized by the way Cas seemed to have grown taller, Dean lost his train of thought. “And what?” he breathed.
Even deliberately lingering, Dean was dressed in his change of clothes in twenty minutes. He walked back down the hall in bare feet, his socks in his hand. Cas was sprawled in front of the television, a mug of tea framed by his long fingers.
“I saw
Dean backed up and raised his hands. “Listen, I don’t know who you are, and I’m not paying some stranger to lay a finger on my baby. So thanks but no thanks.”
“Good boy,” Cas murmured, quick hands making light work of stripping Dean’s shirt and throwing it behind him. He kissed his way down Dean’s chest, sucking light bruises along his sternum. Dean didn’t know where to put his hands, lost in the feeling of Cas’ wet lips trailing over his skin. He finally rested them on Cas’ shoulders and held on.
“Hello, Dean. Merry Christmas Eve.” Cas leaned in to snag a chaste kiss as Dean handed him the bags so he could take off his coat. Underneath, he wore a festive green and red plaid and a vintage black t-shirt that said “Nakatomi Plaza Christmas Party 1988”.
“Hmm?” Cas glanced up, taking a moment to focus on Dean’s presence. His gaze ran over Dean’s dirty jeans and damp flannel without a word.
Dean squinted and sighed. “So no?”
Sam shut his mouth mid-sentence. “You didn’t order it?”
Cas pressed the phone firmly to his ear, mouth open, and drooling tears and saliva on the carpet as he slapped the table leg twice.
“Cassie, wipe your face.” The order was firm, but kind.
“Do you know what the fourth is, Dean?” Cas ghosted his mouth over Dean’s exposed neck, lipping gently along the curve of his shoulder. Dean pulled Cas’ other leg over him, cupping those firm calves in his palms, giving himself an anchor as his senses were buffeted by the storm that was Cas.
“No!” Sam said. “Don’t even think it. My hair is fine.”
. Christ, what was
Cas looked at his slippers again, his shoulders slumping a bit. He started breathing deeply, like he had that first night, when he’d been anxious. Was Dean making Cas anxious? Maybe they weren’t over the whole kissing thing?
“Hey, did you take down the tree air fresheners?” Dean asked.
The scent of oregano and tomatoes had drifted through the small house while they worked. Dean’s stomach growled loudly, and Cas hid a surprised smile.
“Cas, I said I’m coming! Slow down.”
“Are you telling me you’ve got Partialism towards hair, Cas?”
“Whoa! Okay, hold on, I’m coming!” Dean twisted his arm back to snag his keys as Cas stepped out the passenger door, Dean’s hand still firmly held in his own.
Dean was barely inside before Cas slammed the door shut and pressed against him, knocking Dean back into the frame. Strong arms wrapped around his middle, and Cas’ head plunked down heavily on his shoulder, his nose pressed against his neck. Then he went boneless and sighed. Thrown a little, Dean braced his legs and wrapped his own arms around Cas’ back to hold him up.
“It’s okay. I guess you really needed some human touch. I don’t mind, but I think my ass is numb and I have to pee.”
“Oh. Well. That’s really impressive. It’s some of the best pizza I’ve ever had.”
“Why not? There’s nothing wrong with you, Cassie,” Gabe said, dropping his playful tone. “Everyone has baggage. Yours just comes in the form of a pill you have to take every day. I’m sure Dean-O’s not perfect, either.”
Dean suppressed a sigh. “Not right now, Sammy. Maybe next term.”
“That’s why -” Dean paused and cleared his throat - “that’s why you bought me groceries. And why you detailed my car.”
Christ, Dean was having trouble keeping up with the conversation. And the mood swings. He spoke fast, before Cas interrupted him again. “I need to borrow your shower. There’s an emergency repair in my building and the water’s off for the night. Your house is on the way to Bobby’s, so I thought I’d stop and see if I could borrow yours before going all the way back out there.”
Cas finished the verse and dropped his phone in his lap. “It’s not very long,” he said apologetically. “I don’t know if you can make it work. We could pick something else.”
“I have another one for you.” Dean hesitated slightly, pulling a colourful envelope out of the bag and looked down at the floor. “I didn’t know, but I thought…And Sam thought it would be a good idea. I mean, if you don’t like it, that’s ok. I can just –“
Cas lightly stroked the outline of Dean’s earlobe, barely brushing the fine hairs, lightly pinching the lobe between his fingers. Dean swallowed and shifted on the couch.
“But then, Dean, you cooked for me.” Cas’ hands resumed wandering Dean’s torso, stroking a wrist here, palming a bicep there. “The fifth love language, Dean. The fifth love language is Acts of Service.”
“Wrong team, Dean.”
“I don’t think there will be a ‘next time’, Gabriel,” Cas said quietly. “Dean left. I don’t think he intends to come back for any reason.”
Bobby’d called him an idjit when he’d stepped out of the house with a towel for each of them. Dean insisted on drying Rumsfeld himself, since the damage was already done. Bobby didn’t say thank you and Dean didn’t say you’re welcome, but they shared a beer in the weak October sunlight before he headed home for a shower.
“Hey, Dean!”
was like watching an angel literally lose his wings and fall to earth. The modern dance performance was breathtaking and terrible and fit the text perfectly. Dean might not consider himself a fan of the classics, Cas thought, but he had no problem interpreting them through movement.
Dean raised an eyebrow and smirked.
Dean and Cas are clearly not familiar with Mr. Shaw's opinion...
“And it’s not until April?”
“Cas?
“Oh, well, that’s a good thing, isn’t it?”
“Hello, Dean. Do we have … an appointment today? I didn’t think we did. … But I’ve been wrong before.” Cas wandered away from the door, leaving Dean standing on the porch. His bee slippers made soft swishing noises as he disappeared from sight. “Isn’t today Tuesday? I’m positive that I didn’t have anything scheduled for Tuesday evening.”
“Wait, so you think that I ordered you groceries?”
“That’s what I just said, isn’t it?”
“Forget it, Cas. It was a long time ago.”
Sam sighed and rested his elbows on his desk. He shook his hair out of his eyes, and Dean smirked.
“Sure, that would be great,” Dean agreed flatly.
Dean rubbed his eyes. “Charlie –“
Dean glanced at him, but stayed silent.
Dean flashed a grin over his shoulder. “Not much further, it’s just over here.” He reached back and grabbed Castiel’s hand, and Cas’s heart set up a lively double time.
“C’mere.” Dean reached over and yanked him across the bench seat, wrapping his arms around Cas in a hug. Stunned, it took Cas a moment to raise his arms as much as he could, hugging Dean back. He lay half-over Dean’s lap, and his breath huffed damply against the collar of his flannel.
“No can do, Cas. I made it.”
been out of line.
Gabe let the silence linger a moment. “Cassie. Did he, by any chance, kiss you back?”
“Uh, yeah. I just…” Dean looked behind him, then at the porch, then at the tops of his boots. Finally he looked up and met his eyes. “Cas, I’m so sorry about Tuesday night.” His eyes dropped back to the ground, and his hands disappeared protectively into his pockets. Hunched in on himself, he was about as small as a six-foot man could get and still be standing.
“So if I wasn’t tutoring you, you wouldn’t be feeding me tonight.” Cas’ voice sounded distant.
Cas’ heart sped up, moving from a steady
“No. No, I got that. That was a couple weeks ago. Nothing since?” Dean tried again.
“Yes, Dean. I thought we established that several hours ago.” Cas regarded him calmly, and Dean realized he was still holding Cas’ hand between his own.
“I’m really proud to be your friend. It’s possible that your behaviour was questionable. I’m not saying it was or it wasn’t. That’s up to Cas. But it takes a self-aware and conscientious person to admit that, and be willing to apologize for it.”
“Yeah.” Cas clambered past the tailgate into the back of the truck, reaching out his arm to pull Dean in with him. Dean flicked off his phone and the two settled back, surrounded by silent trees and the slow chirp of crickets in the grass.
“Dean!” Charlie practically shouted at him.
“That so? I thought you were an Accounting major, not Pre-Med.”
Taking a breath, Dean pulled the lid off and looked inside. A silver key lay on a bed of cotton batting.
Once Dean removed his boots and sat down, Cas leaned forward, so grateful that he’d taken the time to meditate before Dean showed up. As it was, his hands shook slightly as he rested them on the table. Consciously modulating his tone, he addressed Dean.
between them. All he had to do was agree. Just open his mouth and
A shadow fell across Cas’ face, but it disappeared quickly. “No. This just a fortuitous circumstance,” he replied, squirting lube onto his fingers.
“Cas. Is there… are you okay? Is it your Anxiety? Do you need a hug?” Dean stood back and opened his arms with a reassuring smile, hoping that a little physical contact might ease the awkwardness between them.
A thin golden thread of hope blossomed in his heart.
“It’s what?” Cas looked at the clock, and Dean was right, it was almost ten o’clock. He’d slept, snuggled on Dean’s chest, for three hours!
Cas coughed, opening his eyes. He found himself lying flat on the living room carpet, his head tilted awkwardly to one side.
I honestly have no idea how this happened. While I love EndVerse!Cas, he popped up here of his own volition. The chapter kinda got away from me.
Charlie’s voice was level and sombre when she broke the silence. “Dean. Are you telling me that you had sex with Cas and you aren’t sure if he consented?”
Cas and Dean learn a bit more about each other. Also pizza. And cuddles, of course.
“Night, Jerk.”
Dean shifted his backpack in his grip and knocked. He waited a moment, but no one answered. Suppressing a sigh, he tried again, this time using that annoying metal lever, wincing at the sharp
Sam waited. Dean sighed.
“I’m right here.” He sighed and dropped back into his uncomfortable study chair.
Caught in the act of leaning toward the coffee table to pick up the television remote, Cas turned a surprised glance on Dean. “You made it?”
“Yes, over on the table,” Cas responded. “Music?”
“You’ve barely eaten anything, Dean. Is everything all right?”
Dean grimaced. “Sorry.”
Feeling sheepish, Cas closed the distance and hugged Dean back. It did make him feel better, but he stepped back a few moments later.
Dean winced.
They turned and headed back towards Baby. “You doin’ okay otherwise, Cas? I mean, the stuff earlier this week, it didn’t, you know, mess with you?”
If Dean came by for his scheduled appointment on Thursday afternoon, Cas would apologize for being forward, apologize for kissing him, and reassure him that it would never happen again. And if Dean didn’t want to continue their cuddling arrangement, perhaps he would still be willing to spend time with Cas, watching a movie or sharing a meal. It was nice to just have someone else in his house, during these covid times.  Maybe they could still be friends.
Cas and Dean come to a new arrangement, one they're both happy with...right?
Dean settled back into the couch, stroking from Cas’ nape to his waist. “Do you have an Alexa or something?”
“C’mere, you jerk,” Dean muttered. “Let’s get you cleaned up before Bobby sees you.” Bobby
Shrugging his shoulders, Dean ignored the squirming in his gut and rearranged himself on the couch, taking his grumpy mug with him. It took a few moments and a few misplaced elbows, but Cas finally arranged him how he wanted him. Dean found himself snugged up under Cas’ chin. Cas’ arms came across his chest landed on his own arms, laying against his stomach. For good measure, Cas wrapped one leg up and around Dean’s, pressing him into the couch. It was a bit like being hugged by a particularly warm and firm octopus, with all his limbs trapped. Cas hummed contentedly, the vibrations echoing through his chest. Dean stifled a shiver.
With sudden clarity, Dean realized this was exactly what he’d wanted while he’d been sitting in Baby. Cas was right here, twisted around him, admitting that there were
Grumbling to himself, Dean looked at the bags of groceries littering the apartment hallway. There was a slip of paper stapled to one, and when he bent to check, sure enough, it had his name and his address on it. Unsure what the hell else to do, Dean hauled the bags into his tiny kitchen and unloaded them one by one.
“Yeah, okay.”
“Sure, yeah. Sam and I are in Palo Alto. You should come on over to The Mark some night. It's a bar where we hang out sometimes." He clarified.
Dean gazed up at him, eyes dark and lips slick. “I may be cheap, but I’m not easy, Cas. You gotta work for it.” He winked.
“No. No, I’m not offended,” Dean whispered.
“I’m surprised they aren’t homemade,” Cas teased. “You do bake, don’t you?”
I apologize for the delay; I've had some medical issues to take care of. And to be honest, I had trouble with this chapter. I'm still not 100% happy with it, despite some assistance from my friend, LateNightBoss. Let me know what you think; constructive criticism is always welcome.
Cas leaned forward a half an inch and dropped his eyes to Dean’s lips. Dean leaned the rest of the way, and they were kissing, again. Dean kissed him once, twice, chaste presses that were wonderful and not enough.
Eyebrows raised, Dean reached over to his jacket hanging on the hall tree, and pulled a mask from it’s pocket before he cracked the door.
“You feel exceptional,” Cas breathed, dropping his forehead to Dean’s shoulder. “I would like to stay inside you all night.” He snapped his hips, changing the pace and pushing Dean up the bed. Dean moaned, reaching over his head to grasp the headboard, and pushing down into Cas’ thrusts.
. Tuesday.” Gabe wasn’t hiding his laughter now. “You were high as a kite, weren’t you?”
“Cas. Cas!” Dean sweeps a hand up his muscular back and wraps his fingers in the overlong curls at Cas’ nape.  Forgetting what he was trying to say, he leans forward to trace Cas’ collarbone with his lips, pulling the Henley to the side so he can suck a maroon bruise into his skin. Cas groans, grinding down on Dean’s lap.
Cas let it sink in for a moment, breathing gently on Dean’s sensitive nape. “I show my affection and my appreciation for someone through physical touch. I suppose it was really no coincidence that I sought out a cuddle buddy when my spirits were low. I connect with my closest family in a highly tactile manner. I took that away from myself when I wasn’t sure of your feelings. I shut down our cuddling sessions because I could no longer pretend that my interest was strictly platonic.”
“Breathe with me, Cassie. In, two, three, four. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Out….” Gabriel repeated his instructions. Cas ran a hand through his hair and got his breathing back under control.
With a final cry, Dean threw his head back and clenched tightly, his orgasm rippling through his body and shooting across his chest. Cas stroked him through it, his eyes steadfastly on Dean’s face as he watched him lose control. Dean clenched tightly one last time and gasped for breath, pushing Cas over the edge.
“Cas? Are you all right?”
“In my personal experience, Dean, marijuana does act as a social lubricant, somewhat in the same way that alcohol does. However, I’ve successfully written entire term papers on complex financial calculations while high, so I feel confident in assuring you that I’m entirely myself, whether under the influence or not.”
By the time Gabriel got to the six times tables, Cas’ tears had settled to a silent, steady flow down his cheeks. His breath hiccoughed in and out, but the band around his ribs had loosened. He drew in a noisy, heavy, full breath and almost sobbed again in relief.
“But who?”
“Cassie, sit on the couch. Lean your head back. It will help you breathe.”
Cas smiled for the first time all morning. “Do you really think this will do?”
No, Cas didn’t want Dean to leave as soon as he’d arrived. He had the feeling if they didn’t move past this awkwardness, Dean would find an excuse to stay away. “You brought your books, though, so I’m assuming there’s something you need to work on. Could we maybe run out for a burger? At least the drive-thrus are still open.”
He felt, rather than heard the rumble of laughter as Cas’ lips met his again. Cas didn’t talk again for quite some time.
Cas sat up and thought for a moment. “Um. No.”  Dean hadn’t done any of those things. In fact –
Dean really does need some help with his Accounting homework. But Charlie's solution is crazy...or is it?
Dean drew back, a blush suffusing his freckled cheeks. “Sorry, Cas. What were you gonna say?”
Sitting back down in his cramped dining room, he popped the top on the beer and took a long swallow. “It’ll just take time.” He sighed. “And patience. And time. And some insane ability to work with numbers.” He flung his hand in the air and waggled it around as if the ability to work with numbers was some magic trick he just couldn’t gasp.
“No! That’s what you’re for. Can’t you hack the Farm Fresh database or something?” Dean sighed with frustration.
“Gabriel! Sexual assault isn’t funny!” Cas whipped back the covers and paced back and forth in front of the bed.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice calls him, and he turns back.
“Yeah… yes, that’s fine. It’s quite relaxing. There are –“ Cas swallowed a groan of pleasure behind his mask as Dean’s fingers kneaded his scalp – “there are special sensory neurons at the base of our hair follicles.”
“No, it’s not just my apartment, the water’s off in the whole building. So unless I want to rinse off using the water in my toilet tank, I’m out of luck.” Dean could practically hear Charlie thinking on the other side of the line. “It’s ok, Char. I’ll just go back to Bobby’s. You’re closer, that’s all.”
and left the TV on for background noise as he puttered in the kitchen. It was Tuesday, so his first stop was the baggie of edibles tucked into the silverware drawer.
“Ok, but would you at least consider it? For me? It could be a really good solution for both of you.”
“It’s good. Bobby let me go a little early today. I’ll make up for it on the weekend,” Dean answered. Why were they suddenly playing an awkward game of twenty questions?
Cas was silent for a time, reintroducing his hands to Dean’s body. With each glide of fingertips over his arms and chest, Dean sank further into Cas’ orbit.
“Right. My apologies,” Cas said stiffly. “Here you are. I don’t think it will spill on your way home. I think the salad isn’t worth saving, but take the other half of the baguette with you, too.”
Cas huffed a laugh and wiped his hands on a paper napkin. “All right, let’s imagine that someone comes in to the shop and wants you to change their steering wheel.”
Dean dropped his bag by the door and walked back over to the couch, lifting Cas’ feet so he could settle at the other end of the couch with Cas’ feet in his lap. “No, Cas, the deal was for ninety minutes. I’m a man of my word.”
“No, my family’s out West. I’m finishing my fourth year of a demanding program. I tutor students over Zoom and I live alone. My social bubble is very small. Charlie said your bubble is small, as well.” His shoulders relaxed infinitesimally as Dean’s hands continued to rove over his back. Talking distracted him from the weirdness of the situation, and let him enjoy the feeling of touch again.
Cas tugged on his short hair. “Less talking. More kissing.” He reached up and flicked his tongue over Dean’s, before dragging his teeth across that pouting lower lip. Dean reciprocated, his mouth dancing across Cas’s jaw to suck lightly on his earlobe. Cas inadvertently squeaked, his hips snapping up off the bed of the truck. Dean moaned in response, pelvis thrusting unconsciously against Cas’s hip. They both pulled back, panting breaths breaking the quiet night.
Dean snorted a laugh. “Here’s your hat, what’s your hurry?” He hadn’t moved from his prone position.
“Yeah. Of course it is. D’you know the fake bacon bits that they sell in a shaker container are really made from soybeans?”
“Dean,” Cas said quietly. “In my professional opinion as a TA, you don’t need my help anymore. You fully grasp the concepts in the book now with very little assistance. This is usually the case; mature students may need support through the first few weeks of a class, but once the terms become commonplace and studying becomes second nature, tutoring isn’t normally required. I would be happy to schedule a few sessions with you prior to your final exams in December, but I don’t see a need for you to return here each week for tutoring.”
“Castiel. Are you at home?” Gabriel’s voice turned businesslike. “Bang something if you’re home.”
Cas blinked. “You talk about me in those terms all the time,” he said.
“More, Dean. I want more,” Cas licked and sucked at Dean’s neck, anywhere he could reach, as Dean grabbed his ass and hauled him closer. They shoved and rolled against each other, the truck bed bouncing slightly beneath them.  Cas pulled Dean’s mouth back to his, but they were both too focused on rocking together to do more than pant in each other’s mouths. Dean pushed Cas onto his back. With Dean’s knees bracketing Cas’s thighs, they groaned simultaneously at the added leverage the new position provided. Finesse long gone, Cas twisted up as Dean ground down.
“Well, without looking at his books, I can’t tell you what he’s doing now. But for Accrual Basis Accounting, you recognize the revenue and the expenses in the same financial period that the goods or services are delivered,” Cas lectured.
“Charlie, I can’t see anything except your thumb.”
Cas sits back and shoves the marker back in his pocket, taking up his sandwich like nothing happened.
“Safety protocols. You stay over there while I work my magic, got it? It’s hard enough work without breathing through the mask the whole time,” she said.
Abashed, Dean handed over the envelope. He leaned against Cas’ leg as he slipped in a thumb and ripped it open.
“Oh,” Sam’s voice was small.
A brief frown passed over Dean’s face. “I don’t know it, but if you think it’ll work, I’m on board. Do you have it memorized?”
“Dean, aside from a few moments, I’ve felt more comfortable in your arms than anywhere else I’ve ever been in my existence. I don’t want to flatter myself, or pretend to understand, but I am genuinely of the opinion that you also feel that we share a profound bond.”
“Yeah?” A soft smile snuck across Dean’s face.
Cas felt as Dean fully relaxed, his body opening and welcoming Cas in. “That’s it. Good boy.” He inserted a third finger, watching Dean’s face as he threw his head back against the bed and clenched his hands in the comforter.
“Triple overtime?” Dean snorted a laugh.
Dean looked at him with large eyes. Cas sat up and placed a palm on Dean’s cheek, stroking lightly with his thumb. “You know I can’t cook. You know about my Anxiety. You know I have control issues and Dominant tendencies.”
“Did he like it? Scratch that. Did
“It’s fine. No need to apologize for being you. As long as you’re fine. Do you need another hug?” Dean opened his arms and wiggled his eyebrows encouragingly.
Dean laughed again, an ugly thing. “No, Sammy. He didn’t wanna help me get dinner ready. Just stood there askin’ me all these questions. Questions about you. About Bobby. About how my day was. Like a real Betty Crocker.”
An hour later, Cas paused the television, his movements a bit sluggish as he sat up. Dean hadn’t stopped his soothing movements, over his back, down his side, even trailing fingers lightly over his wrists. Cas felt drugged by touch, every nerve simultaneously buzzing and completely slack.
Charlie leaned back against her couch, brow furrowed. “So you kissed? That’s it?”
to chains. Did Cas have restraints in his room? Would Cas really tie him up? What would that feel like, being strapped down, unable to break free, while Cas touched him all over? Maybe he’d use his tongue. Dean wondered if –
“Step one done!” Gabriel said cheerfully. “We’ve figured out what prompted the attack. Now what are you going to do to ensure that you have a way to handle this situation next time?”
“For example, one method is Words of Affirmation. People who respond to this method enjoy hearing their partner say phrases like, ‘Dean, I think you’re one of the kindest and most caring people I’ve ever met’.” Cas breathed the words into his ear, lips tracing lightly over the lobe.
Knowing his brother wouldn’t stop, Cas sighed. “Yes. He’s beautiful. Like a model.”
“Chicken and broccoli in soup.”
like it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean blinked.
“Have you heard of the love languages, Dean?” Cas asked, directly at his ear. Dean shivered, and shook his head slightly.
“Mmhmm,” Cas ducked his head, breath playing over Dean’s cheek. “I suppose it’s a form of Partialism. That’s sexual arousal to a body part. Hair, in this case.”
“Not exactly the pain,” Dean gritted out.
Cas laughed softly. “No, Dean. Though I do admit I’m partial to the smell of my shampoo and soap on you. I think that would fall under Olfactophilia, sexual arousal to a scent.”
“I – what?” Flustered, Cas felt his Anxiety spike a little. The evening had been easy so far; studying, eating together, but now it felt weird again. Like last time. Cuddling was supposed to help, not hinder, his Anxiety.
A huge gulp of wine preceded his reply text.
“Um, guys…”
Cas grimaced, but listened to the voice chivvying him to his feet.
Cas slid an arm around his waist. “Acts of Service,” he whispered, gripping his earlobe lightly between his teeth.
“Um, not that I don’t appreciate that you have low standards for gifts, Sweetheart, but here.” Dean handed him the folded piece of paper that Cas had set aside.
Dean ducked his head, and looked up at Cas through his lashes, his eyes twinkling. “You wanna do it standing up?”
“This ok?” Dean rumbled. He’d dropped his own head to rest against Cas’ crown, but his fingers stilled, awaiting Cas’ response.
Dean nodded. “I’m with you so far.”
“You…you interrupted my high tonight. My night to be free of tiring social restrictions. But tell me, Dean, should I apologize? Have I offended you by my actions this evening?” He tilted his head slightly, dark hair falling across his forehead.
Cas finally quit the motion and stuffed his hands into his pockets. He shyly ducked his head. “I know that’s rude to say to a guest, but you really do carry a stench. It’s not particularly appealing, which is unusual for you.”
“No, of course not. You brought them.” Cas tilted his head to the side and stretched his neck out. He didn’t realize how much he’d been leaning towards Dean. Their knees had bumped under the table a few times, and his shoulders felt stiff from his hunched position.
Surprised at her tone, Dean looked anywhere but at the screen. “You know I do. You’re like the little sister I never wanted.”
A car was pulled up in front of his house. A long, black car. Dean’s car.
At that moment, Cas’ index finger slid lightly over his prostate, and Dean bucked upwards. “Please, oh Jesus, Cas. Please!”
Chapter 4 did not exactly go as I'd intended. Cas kinda took over and did his own thing. And while that's cool, it did put me in the awkward position of determining whether someone who's high can consent to sexual activity of any kind, even if they instigate it. As noted previously, I'm single, and my own experience with edibles is relatively recent, so I can't speak from experience. I will say I've been in a position where I was not able to consent to a situation, but it was years ago, and it involved alcohol, which affects me in a totally different way.
“Closer. Right. Hey, you know whose house is closer than Bobby’s shop?”
Cas yanked on Dean’s belt, pulling his jeans open and sliding the zipper down carefully over Dean’s cock.
Dean stomped towards the small pond, yelling obscenities at Bobby’s dog. Rumsfeld was old and cranky, but he took particular delight in irritating the ducks that lived in the reeds around the pond behind Bobby’s house. The ducks hated it, and so did Bobby, who couldn’t understand Rumsfeld’s infatuation with waterfowl.
While he waited for a reply, he took another expensive sip of wine. He was doing his best not to chug the glass, but this conversation required liquid courage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean choked, turning it into a cough as Meg smirked.
Cas sighed. “Yes. I have the best costume I could find from the storage room, I have the monologue memorized, and Garth said he’d manage the guitar track for us. Are you ready?” Of course Dean was ready. Watching him put together his movements to Satan’s speech in
Dean is sitting at what he hopes is the correct picnic table. He arrived a few minutes early, and has been occupying his time reading the graffiti scrawled across the scratched and dented wooden boards that make up the table surface.
“Here, then. You can choose something to watch.” He tossed the remote towards his feet. “Would you like a cup of tea? I’m having green tea with honey. It’s said that it helps to enhance and prolong the high. Although you’re not high, you may find a mug enjoyable, regardless. Green tea is calming and good for your stomach.”
“Yeah, I do. But I’m out of sugar at the moment,” Dean answered apologetically, glancing at Cas.
“It’s the oxytocin,” Cas replied smugly, curling into Dean’s side as he fixed Cas’ dinner.
Cas’ eyes widened but he bit his tongue. Technically, he knew a lot of small businesses still managed their books manually, but there were so many software programs out there, it was hard to understand why this Bobby hadn’t implemented a digital solution sooner.
He sighed, rubbing his eyes. “Maybe he has a new cuddle buddy.” The thought popped out of his mouth, unbidden. “Holy shit Sam. Maybe he has a new cuddle buddy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas?” Dean’s head turned to face him, close enough that Cas felt his breath against his cheek. If he turned his head right now, maybe they’d have a repeat of that kiss down by the lake. If he just turned his head
“You actually seem to like this stuff, Cas. Did you always want to be an accountant?” Dean’s hands were back in his pockets, but every few steps, his shoulder brushed against Cas’.
Shoving back from the table, Cas grabbed the dishes and moved to the kitchen. “There’s still most of a piece on your plate. I’ll just cut away the end and put the rest back in the casserole dish. Maybe you can take some for Bobby tomorrow and save yourself some extra work.”
Cas looked at the ceiling and grinned, a strange sort of half-smile flitting across his face. “No, thank you, Dean. It probably is a bit of my Anxiety, it’s been a busy week. Are you done with the lettuce? Should we get started with your books?”
“What does that mean?” Charlie’s face lit up. “Dean, do you have feelings for Cas?”
Charlie sensed his weakening. “His bubble is small! He’s tutoring over Zoom right now. And your bubble is small, just you and the guys at the garage, right? You and me haven’t even been in the same room in weeks!”
, Cas. You don’t need to chew it.”)
Cas glowered at him. “Dean, I’m perfectly capable of making rational decisions.” Dean dropped a hand to his hip and rubbed soothingly.
Cas slapped the leg of the coffee table. He could smell himself, feel sweat pooling in his lower back as he lay on the carpet. He was alone. He couldn’t hold a thought still. He started to cry, hyperventilating cheap, sucking breaths in and out.
Dean shrugged. He hadn’t realized he’d subconsciously planned to impress Cas with one of his best meals tonight, until the effort had clearly fallen flat, and left him feeling disappointed and self-conscious. Cas didn’t want his crappy cheap dessert, and he wanted Dean’s leftover lasagna out of his house, too.
“Don’t talk about yourself like that,” Gabriel said sharply.
“We made a deal, Cas. I play nice with the theatre kids and you play nice with the dance kids. You’re way more comfortable in your body now than you were at the start of the summer,” Dean added generously.
“Aw, Dean, I’m sorry. I totally would, but I’m not in town this week.”
Cas crossed his arms and pouted on the far side of the couch where he’d landed. Dean sighed and pulled his arms out of the plaid, balling it up and throwing it over by the door. “There, happy?” He made grabby hands at Cas until he caved in and settled next to Dean again. “Who knew you were so dramatic,” Dean said, kissing his cheek.
Neither brother said anything for a few moments.
Cas huffed a laugh. “Yes, I’d agree with that statement.”
They ate at the small wooden dining table where they’d been studying together for four months. Cas had laid out a colourful tablecloth and bought poinsettia-decorated paper plates and napkins for the occasion. Red pillar candles sent dancing shadows across the walls. Covid had interrupted Cas’ plans to spend Christmas with Gabriel, so tomorrow they were headed to Bobby’s for a full Christmas dinner. But tonight was just for them.
“Uh, can I help you?”
“I know. I find them soothing, though. The idea that good triumphs over evil every time is a reassuring construct, even if it’s not true in real life.” He leaned back a bit, tilting his shoulder to get a bit closer to Dean’s warmth.
“No, shut up. Look, I’m not saying you’re not busy. I get it, Dean. I just want to make sure you’re okay. I know Bobby’s getting older, but can’t he find someone to work part-time so you could cut back on your hours and concentrate on college?” Sam tilted his head down; puppy dog eyes in full effect.
Charlie tapped the screen. “Hey, stop. I really don’t think that you misread the situation. In case you hadn’t noticed, you’re kinda hot, for a guy. Maybe Cas has feelings for you too, and being high just allowed him to act on it. But you won’t know for sure without going over there and talking to him.”
Charlie made a face and continued to braid. Dean stared at her for a moment.
“Wait, I have a picture!” The tablet tipped dangerously and Dean saw the ceiling, the coffee table, and a blurry view of the carpet while Charlie swore in the background. “Hang on, I’ll rescue you!”
“Holy fuck,” Dean gasped. Precome spurted, hot and wet, into his boxers. He grabbed for Cas’ hair, pulling his lips back into a messy kiss. A moment later, Cas pulled away again.
Dean’s voice rose in irritation. “Who doesn’t eat at least one freakin’ two-bite brownie, man? He told me to take my leftovers and feed ‘em to Bobby. I guess they weren’t good enough for him,” he said bitterly.
Dean laughed shortly, but it was an ugly, bitter thing. “No. No, Cas, I never learned to fly.”
Dean choked, turning it into a cough as Meg smirked. “You’ll do it right here? She’s not going anywhere with you, sorry.”
Greasy sweat coated his forehead, his armpits hot and damp. He struggled for a deep breath. Everything would be better if he could just get a damn deep breath into his lungs. Mouth open like a fish, he tried, pulled his t-shirt over his head, hating the neckline tugging at his throat.
Cas glanced down, knowing Dean was hoping he’d say something current, some action movie soliloquy or Paul Bettany’s short monologue from
Sorry, not a chapter, just a quick note that if you're interested in the explicit timestamp of Dean and Cas' first time, I've created a series and included the timestamp as the Next Work.
A moment later, Charlie picked up the tablet and Dean saw the carpet, the coffee table, and the ceiling in reverse order. Then Charlie’s face, and a close-up of her hand as she shoved her phone at him.
Cas laughed and took the shopping bag into the kitchen. “Don’t worry, Dean. The ornaments are fine. Though I did give our popcorn string a second look on Tuesday.”
Cas wanted to offer comfort, but wasn’t sure how. He settled for a soft hum of understanding. “Sam is the younger sibling, right? So you were ten years old, and responsible for a child even younger?”
, God knows he’d mentioned it often enough over the past few days.
“Dean?” Cas questioned. “Have I offended you?”
Dean scoffed.
Ash was right. Dean hadn’t thought far enough ahead. In his haste to get Rumsfeld somewhat cleaner before Bobby found him and tried to wash the dog himself, he hadn’t sought out a leash. Meaning he’d had to hold the collar of the wet dog as he shook, in order to prevent him from rolling in the dirt as soon as he’d been rinsed.  No amount of cussing stopped a wet dog from shaking.
Cas ripped off his mask and chugged a glass of water in the kitchen. His hands shook slightly, anxiety pounding his chest. He put his mask back on and dropped his head, leaning against the counter and taking deep breaths.
He reached down and brushed his lips against Dean’s in thanks.
“And you think – but you’re not sure – that you sexually assaulted your cuddle buddy?”
“Dean.” Cas’ voice had dropped into the mines of Moria.
“Um, my week was fine. My routine is pretty set. I tutor most mornings after my run, and spend my afternoons studying.” Cas placed his hands in his lap and let his eyes roam over Dean as he sorted himself out. The grey t-shirt under his flannel had an image of a tow truck and the company name above. Cas wondered if Dean worked for Camel Towing.
A frown flitted across Dean’s face, but he quickly smoothed it out. Everything always came back to their arrangement. At least they still had an arrangement, after he’d screwed up with the whole kissing thing.
“I’m good. I just can’t believe that tomorrow’s it. Back to Kansas tomorrow night. You’re gonna text me though, right?” Dean actually sounded a bit anxious.
Dean stared at the image for a moment, mind blank. “Yeah, I’ll do it. Cuddles for homework help.”
I'm so glad that "enthusiastic consent" and "informed consent" are becoming popular terms. I hope that this chapter and the previous one don't make anyone feel overly uncomfortable. I haven't used the dubcon tag, but if you feel it should be there, please let me know.
Dean insisted on paying for the burgers, but acquiesced when Cas asked if they could eat at the park. The weather was unseasonably warm for October, and it was nice to be outdoors. Others had clearly had the same plans to enjoy the sunny late afternoon, but they were able to find a picnic table that still allowed them to maintain their social distancing. Cas offered his pocket-sized hand sanitizer to Dean before they opened their brown sacks. There was little conversation while Dean inhaled his burger, but he wiped his fingers and paused before decimating his fries.
Dean nodded and smiled. “That’s what older brothers are for.”
Cas tilted Dean’s jaw slightly to the side. Intent was clear in his eyes, framed as they were by his glasses. Dean was afraid to even breathe as Cas closed the miniscule distance left between them and brushed their lips together. Once. Twice. Dry, ticklish touches. Dean sighed and tightened his fingers on Cas’ hips. He seemed to take that as permission, if he’d even been waiting for any. His hand tightened on Dean’s jaw, and he closed in once more, stubble brushing Dean’s cheek as Cas slid his tongue lightly against his bottom lip. Dean parted his lips, and then they were crushed together, bodies pressed hip to shoulder in a decidedly non-platonic way.
Dean’s mask clearly hid a grin, but he spread his arms wide. “It’s your party. Bring it on in, man.”
“What? No! I mean, well, yes, but because you’re helping me.” Dean finished washing the lettuce and looked at Cas. His head was lowered, eyes on the bread in his hands.
It turned out that there wasn’t much more for them to talk about, once Dean slammed the door shut on their brief, shared past. Whatever they’d had once clearly hadn’t survived fifteen years of silence. Dean turned the cab into the driveway, past the gate and the fine-trimmed lawn.
Dean sighed and slumped back in his chair. “Ok, so my Uncle Bobby owns a garage – like a mechanic shop,” he clarified. Cas nodded. “I’ve worked there for years, but Bobby’s talking about retiring. He and Sam convinced me to go back to school to get a business degree, so I could maybe take over the shop and help it grow. I’d like to start doing more restoration work, really build the business up that way. Right now it’s a lot of oil changes and brake jobs. They’re decent money, don’t get me wrong, but there’s bigger money, specialty money, in rebuilding cars into the beautiful machines that they’re meant to be.”
with him?
“Cas, I’m honoured. That was really something else. I came in my pants, like – like – “
Dean paused in his layering and stared hard at his brother. “No. We’ve talked about this, Sam. You need the best marks to get into law school. And you need your extracurriculars on your application, too. It’s more important that you maintain your grades than a few hours in a cafeteria. Once you start earning the big bucks, I’m gonna take a six-month vacation.” Dean quirked his lips in a smile.
Dean made quick work of his bowl. (“Dean, are you chewing at all?” “It’s
Cas pulled the door open wider, but Dean stood on the threshold and fingered the strap of his messenger bag.
“Dean, I was going to apologize to you. I put you in an awkward position on Tuesday. It was never my intent to force my attentions on you in a way that would make you uncomfortable,” Cas stared levelly at Dean, trying to ensure that the other man understood his sincerity.
A heavy breath was quickly muffled, and Cas smiled briefly, moving to do as Dean asked. “If you have some garlic powder, that would be good, too. But just buttered is also fine. We can wrap it in foil and put it in the oven to warm up when we’re making the salad.”
“Dean Winchester?”
Cas closed his eyes and smiled. Dean was unfailingly kind and polite. He could certainly have his pick of anyone he chose, especially with his looks. There was no way that Dean was interested in him. He’d probably put up with Cas kissing him last night as the best way out of an awkward situation. He was, after all, a young, red-blooded male. But that didn’t mean that he was
Sighing internally, Dean reached back into his jacket and pulled out his wallet. “Listen, kid –“
(See the end of the chapter for
Sweeping around, Cas’ hand landed on his discarded shirt and he used it to wipe the smear of snot and sweat and tears away.
Dean nodded, thankfully silent.
Shit. He’d forgotten Charlie was still on video call from her secret covid hideout.
“Dean, I didn’t order you groceries. But that’s a good idea. I wish I’d thought of it.”
“Oh.” Cas selected the first Avengers movie, since it had both the Hulk and Captain America. He tried not to think too much about what it meant that Dean’s favourite Avenger was male. Lots of guys preferred the male characters.
“I know. College is hard. Studying takes time. This will be worth it in the end.” Dean rolled his eyes as he recited the lines.
“Give it up, Charles. It’s just not happening today.”
“What? No! Okay, maybe. But it doesn’t matter. Now that I’ve basically forced myself on the guy, he probably wants nothing to do with me.”
Charlie smiled archly. “I thought you might say that."
Fifteen minutes away, Dean sat in front of his TV, fully aware that it was off, but no longer caring. A bottle of Ash’s moonshine sat on the table next to him, a single shot glass tipped on it’s side next to the bottle.
Cas held tight to Dean’s hand, letting the taller teen lead the way back through the woods. “You’re aware that he was out here smoking marijuana, and not doing some sort of required camp patrol, right?”
