I rolled my eyes before telling him to shut it and finish his dinner. The conversation strayed away from Cas but my thoughts didn't. We finished dinner and cleaned up before returning to our own rooms. I flipped through the channels on my tv before ultimately cutting it off. I decided to jump in the shower and get in bed early. The honest truth was I knew that the sooner I got into bed the sooner I could wake and see those perfect blue eyes.
We walked to the car in silence, but it wasn't awkward. It was just a relaxing kind of silence. Once we got in the car I chose a tape to put in and started towards the book shop. I stole a glance at Cas and of course he was smiling back. I looked back at the road after grabbing his hand and holding it in mine. I could nearly feel him purring in the passenger's seat.
"Well I don't really know. I don't honestly have to be at work until later this afternoon. I guess you could just drop me at home if you like" He confessed. "Thank you Dean. You really didn't have to do that."
I smiled wide at him. I couldn't help it. He was so gorgeous even when he was all flustered like this. I nodded and accepted his offer. My head was hurting now and I noticed the throb in my jaw from where that douchebag had hit me in attempt to keep me quiet. Dean got out and quickly ran to open my door then we quickly headed for the door to his place through the rain. Once we were inside in the light, Dean saw what I assume was pretty rough looking bruises on my face. He disappeared momentarily and then reappeared just as quickly holding an ice pack.
My car had always been my prized possession. She was a sleek black 67 impala. I had fixed it up after dad crashed her a few years back. I loved that car more than most people to be honest. Just as I climbed in and started her up I saw Sam's shaggy hair come out the door and in just a second he was in the passenger's seat. I put the car in gear and headed towards the coffee shop.
Dean's mouth hung open and his eyes went wide before he burst out laughing. After we both had a fit of giggles he scooted closer to me and I couldn't stop smiling. It may seem like my life is falling apart but just in this moment I couldn't help but be happy and content.
Would you believe that this amazing guy just texted me? I've been fighting the urge to text this awesome guy for hours but he finally texted -DEAN
My mind was absolutely racing. What had happened to him? Why did he look so rough? What was he having so much trouble thinking over? What kind of applications was he filling out? Was he filling out for another college? I saw that my hands were shaking slightly as I poured him an extra large cup of coffee and added the cream and sugar. I took a deep breathe to try to calm my questioning thoughts. As I popped the lid onto the cup, I thought maybe a muffin would cheer him up. He had said he had to watch what he spent but I had already sold enough coffee and baked goods I knew one muffin wouldn't be missed. And if Bobby or Ellen asked I could always tell them I was hungry and took it. I grabbed a blueberry muffin and slipped it into a pastry bag before grabbing a pen and a napkin to write down the wi-fi password. I knew the password was on the front door but writing it down for Cas actually gave me an excuse to write something to him and slip my number in. After I wrote down the password and my number I turned to give him his coffee and saw he was at one of the tables near the window looking intently at his laptop start up screen. I walked over and sat the coffee and muffin on his table. He looked up at me confused but I just smiled.
I nodded because honesty I was star struck by the glow of his green eyes for a moment just like every other day. It always seemed to take me a minute to gather myself after looking at him. He was gorgeous. Dean was a little taller than me and his shoulders were broader. His voice was like velvet and hearing his laugh could brighten my worse day. His eyes were the most beautiful shade of green I'd ever seen. He looks like an alpha for sure but I've never been able to smell him so I guess he's a beta, although I'd never outright asked him.
I heard my alarm blaring as I rolled across my bed to shut it off. I was still sleepy but I had already silenced the alarm once and if I wanted a chance to stop and get my latte before school then I knew I had to get up. I grabbed a towel and headed towards the bathroom for a quick shower. Afterwards I made sure to take my suppressants and apply my blockers before finishing my morning routine. Once I was ready I grabbed my things and headed for the door.
I shuttered as I saw a blinding flash of light and heard a loud crack of thunder.  An awful storm had just started up and I could tell already it was gonna be a rough one. Storms like this came through every once in a while so I was mostly used to it. The wind was picking up now and the rain was coming down at a steady pace. I picked up my phone and shot Cas a quick message asking where he was. I knew he should be coming in any time but my nerves were up because of the storm and although the walk from his last class to the shop was relevantly short I couldn't help but worry. I put my phone up as I heard the bell above the door chime. I looked up to greet the soaking wet patron but was met with the awful grimace of that bastard alpha Alistair. I instantly tensed and no doubt was radiating furious alpha fumes. I couldn't stand this prick and he seemed to be showing up more and more lately. Before I could speak he set his dripping coat around a chair at one of the tables and headed for the restroom. As a breathed out a breath I heard another loud crack of thunder before the shop suddenly went black. Damn it, I thought before turning on my heels and heading towards the back to find a flashlight and check with Bobby to see what needed to be done since the power was out.
Well to tell you the truth it was pretty boring after you left but it suddenly just got better  -DEAN
As I sat in class I found myself daydreaming about Dean as I often did. I wish I had enough courage to at least ask for his number, but that stupid nagging voice in the back of my head reminded me that if he was interested he probably would've asked me for my number by now. I mean I've been going to the shop nearly everyday since I started college. The first time I stepped foot into the shop the sight of him had taken my breath. And everyday since then I've found he is often on my mind. I silently wondered why today was the first time I was seeing his brother? I huffed a sigh and looked back up to the teacher only to realize I had missed a lot of what she had said and that she had moved on to a different subject. I grabbed my pencil and started taking notes in an attempt to block my mind from drifting back to green eyes and the smell of coffee.
I knew I must be beaming by the look on Charlie's face as she came to the realization that I was indeed talking about Dean. I gave her a slightly milder version on the rundown of what had happened throughout the day and she giggled and punched my arm talking about love and wedding bells. I knew that she was talking nonsense but I couldn't help but smile at the possibility.
I finished up the assignment and got back to work to finish out my shift before going to pick up Sam from school. Once I picked up Sam we rode in mostly silence back to my apartment. Once inside Sam started on his homework while I fixed a quick dinner. When we sat down to dinner we began to chat a little more.
"It's Chuck. He says the shop hasn't met debt to income ratio in 2 months and he's gonna be shutting it down at the end of the month. He didn't even stick around to tell you, just said for me to break the news to you." Charlie said through a few tears that managed to escape her eyes.
"Cas!" I said a little to loudly causing him to jump slightly. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you man. I didn't think you would be in since you weren't here this morning. Are you okay?" I asked noticing his odd appearance.
I may have enjoyed yours a little too much too, hence why it took me a little time to message back. -CAS
"I was gonna tell you I didn't meet the qualifications, but you looked so sad I just couldn't lie to you." Cas said still red in the face.
I heard Dean's car pull into the parking lot and Charlie must have saw the way my face flushed before her eyes grew wide at the smile on my face. She picked on me for a minute about having it bad for Dean before the front door opened. When Dean walked in he looked absolutely delicious. He was wearing dark jeans that fit the curve of his ass just right. He had what looked like a Led Zeppelin t-shirt covered by a flannel on and his hair was sticking up slightly in it's usual fashion. After a brief hello with Charlie he quickly jumped in to help. I was very grateful for the help although I would've been perfectly content with nothing but his presence.  Once we we finished carrying the last of tonight's boxes Dean decided to look around for awhile while I did what I needed to do before we could close up. We had only had a few customers which was honestly normal these days. As Charlie finished with some of the paperwork, she asked if I wanted her to stay around for a ride home but Dean quickly poked his head around the corner offering to take me himself. Charlie gave me a smirk and waggled her eyebrows before telling me not to do anything she wouldn't do and slipping out the door. I finished up right at closing time and flipped the open sign to closed.
Cas smiled the most gorgoues smile at me before giggling a little and nodding his head up and down. I smiled back at him and let out a breathe I didn't realize I had been holding. I put the car in drive and pulled out in the direction of my apartment. My apartment wasn't very far from the coffee shop so it was a short ride, but by the time I parked the car my stomach was fluttering in nervousness. Cas looked a lot more relaxed now though so that brought me to ease some. I shut off the engine and we stepped out of the car. I motioned for Cas to follow me and we headed into the apartment.
I tried to eavesdrop but with all the coffee machines beeping and stuff I could hardly hear anything. So I busied myself working until I saw Cas step back through the door with a few papers in his hand. He looked happy but honestly I couldn't place his expression. He turned to me and grabbed my hand before looking at me a little sad. My heart dropped at the thought of him not getting the job. But he seemed like he couldn't hold onto the fake sadness for long because after just a few seconds a contagiously wide smile broke out across his face before he showed me his new employee paperwork from his hand.
"No, I don't think that at all, although now I'm wondering if maybe I should." Cas looked at me and smirked. "I honestly don't care if that was the plan, I might still be on board if the rest of you taste as good as your lips."
"Oh, well sounds like you have a crush on the guy or something? Does he know you like him?" Same questioned.
Sam was a smart kid, really smart actually. He was set to graduate at the top of his class despite all the hardship he had faced after he presented. If Sam could stay on track he was sure to get a scholarship to some big name college and make something wonderful out of himself. I was already on the path to try to make something of myself but it seemed there was always a bump in the road. I was beyond lucky when Bobby and Ellen, who were lifelong family friends, had agreed to let me work in the coffee shop to help out. But going to college and working was exhausting and now I'm playing a parent role to Sam, although he basically takes care of himself, and most of my schooling was done on the computer this year.
Looking at the picture I realized too late that I was still only wearing a towel tucked around my waist. I felt the heat rush to my cheeks as I tried to think of something to say.
"No, he doesn't know. I mean, I don't think he does." I managed to choke out. "I flirt with him like crazy and he blushes and flirts back but its been a few months and it's never gone any farther."
I overheard Dean telling someone he was taking me home and I cried harder. The thought of being alone right now was unbearable. Dean shushed me and pulled me in closer tighter to his chest. I breathed deeply and relaxed a bit. Dean carried me out to his car and made sure my seatbelt was secure before making his way around to climb into his own side. Once he started the car I realized he was going the wrong was to my apartment but I felt to exhausted to argue. We drove in silence for a minute before he grabbed my hand and whispered an I'm sorry. We pulled up in front of his place and he parked and shut the car off. He looked over at me and I could see that he had tear tracks down the sides of his face.
I smiled brightly as I agreed to his plan. Honestly my heart was beating out of my chest. I just couldn't figure out why this beautiful man was so interested in me, but for now I wasn't going to complain. Just as I was about to head out I heard a gruff voice call my name. I turned to see the owner of the shop standing at the counter. Bobby was an older man with a tough looking complexion but something soft about his eyes. He said he had looked over the online application I had submitted and wanted to set up an interview. He explained that it wasn't Dean who would be leaving the business but his own daughter Jo who would be moving to study abroad. I was over the moon excited as I set up an interview for a midday slot on Wednesday between two of my classes. At first Dean stood at the counter mouth agape until it spread out to a wonderful smile. Bobby finished setting up everything for my interview before disappearing into the back again. I gave a final wave to Dean as he did me before I headed out the door towards class.
By the end of the movie we had scooted much closer to each other, so close in fact that our knees were almost touching. As the credits began to roll I sat up straight and stretched my arms up. I let out a small involuntary moan before sneaking a glance at Cas. Cas' eyes were locked onto my torso where my shirt had risen up exposing my stomach. He seemed to sense my eyes on him so his eyes rose to mine. I blushed furiously but I couldn't tear my eyes from his. I felt a warmness swelling in my chest. I had known for awhile that I had a crush on Cas, but this felt like so much more. Before I knew what was happening I was leaning forward and crashing our lips together. I don't know where my sudden surge of courage was coming from but after Cas' initial shock he began moving his lips in rhythm with mine.
Before I could think of anything I received another message from Dean. It was a picture message, and upon opening it my breath hitched in my throat. The picture didn't have Dean's face only his shirtless torso and his basketball shorts containing a very large very detailed outline of Dean's rock hard cock.
I didn't hear the bell above the door signaling a customer had come in but I was suddenly hit with the most delicious smell I had ever smelled. It was an omega. One who smelled of blueberries and something sweet like honey. The smell alone had my mouth watering as I inhaled deeply. The closer I got to the front of the shop the better it smelled. I had never smelled an omega who smelled so strongly. I was lost in a daze when suddenly I realized Bobby's office door had swung open and the gruff old man was walking towards me. He started telling me what the protocol was for when the power shut down. As he finished I walked to the counter to manually lock the register until Bobby could coax the old busted generator to start working. As I put my set of keys away still trying to navigate through the wonderfully delicious scent I'd been inhaling I looked around the shop carefully with the flashlight finding only Alistair's wet coat.
As soon as I locked the front door Dean stepped back up to the front counter. I explained that I could make my own way home and Dean looked at me as though I had grown a second head. He walked towards me. With my back already against the counter I stood leaning against it until Dean was right in front of my face. He raised his fingertips under my chin to make me look up at him before using his other hand on the back of my neck to pull me into his lips. I grabbed fist fulls of his shirt and pulled his body flush with mine. He licked his way into my mouth and I willingly let him. His hands found their way to my hips gripping tight and he moaned into my mouth. Just before things got to heated he pulled back smiling. He grabbed my hand after I grabbed my bag and pulled me out the door towards his car. As I climbed into the car I could smell the deep scent of coffee and leather I could still taste him on my lips. I knew tonight I was gonna have to take care of myself like I had the night before because those scents alone were enough to really turn me on.
"Here, put this on that to stop the swelling." Dean said sincerely. "I can't believe he did this to you."
"Cas it was nothing. I could feel the bad vibes coming off that guy the moment he walked in. And I'd like to think we're friends, although I don't really know that much about you. I mean I would like to get to know you better. So would you maybe want to hang out with me until it was time for you to go to work?" I cut myself off knowing I was rambling.
I ordered a coffee and casually chatted with Dean while I watched him fix it. Before Dean handed me my coffee he questioned about my plans for this afternoon which unfortunately consisted of packing up some of the books from the shop I worked at and lugging them into a spare room. Dean seemed a little disappointed before I saw his face light up with an idea.
"I definitely owe you big time for saving me. That guy surely would've eaten me alive if you hadn't come to my rescue." I said. "And I've kind of wanted to hang out with you too, but had the same problem with never knowing how to approach you about it.
"It's okay." I managed to say. "I'm so glad you came. If you hadn't been in there as quick as you were I can only imagine what would have happened."
"Hey Cas, you're right. I was just about to tell you if you still needed that ride then it was time to go." I said convincingly to Cas. "I just have to go hang my apron up and grab my things and then we can head out."
"I'm so so sorry I didn't get to you sooner." He struggled to say. "The door was locked and I didn't know it was you."
I quickly walked back behind the counter hoping that Cas didn't see the flush in my cheeks. As I stood at the register I stole a glance back at Cas to see him smiling enjoying the muffin. All I wanted was to stare at him forever but I was quickly pulled from the beautiful view by the bell ringing over the door. I looked up to see a man with an awful scowl on his face. He approached the counter and I politely greeted him but he continued with the awful look. I took his order and prepared his coffee. When I turned to give it to him I could see all of his attention was focused elsewhere. He was staring at Cas.
"Actually I kind of kissed him after I asked him to hang out yesterday after I rescued him from a way to forward jerk of an alpha." I said.
"Looks like we already have more in common. I adore this movie. It's honestly got an awesome plot, plus Heath Ledger is totally hot!" I said, grinning so wide my cheeks hurt.
I got up for class bright eyed this morning. I knew that after the two classes I had today I would be able to go to my first shift at my job at the coffee shop. While I was slightly nervous of making a fool of myself, Dean had already told me that he would be the one training me. We had spent a lot of time together the past few weeks but honestly I couldn't get enough of him. Although I'm pretty sure I am developing some unhealthy habits like getting turned on by the smell of coffee. I guess that my brain just automatically linked Dean and the smell of coffee and my body got carried away with the rest. Not only that, but apparently Dean spent enough time at the shop that he literally always had the coffee and bakery smell on him. Some days it was stronger than others but it was definitely always there. The scent was delicious and although some days the smell haunted my wet dreams, other days it was just comforting. It was like the smell of home after being away too long.
WOW. That's a great smile but um did you really have to send a body shot like that? Don't you know what that does to a guy?! -DEAN
Once we got inside my apartment I showed Cas around before leaving him to grab a couple bottles of water and sitting down in the living room myself. We talked back and forth and he explained that the bookshop he had been working at was suddenly closing and that he was worried about finding work. We continued talking until my stomach growled and I decided we needed to eat. After eating I asked if he wanted to watch a movie and he agreed. I turned on the tv and clicked on Netflix before giving him the remote. He ultimately ended up choosing some cheesy chick flick that I secretly adored. I laughed and confessed my secret admiration to Cas, He laughed too and talked about us having that in common before commenting about how hot Heath Ledger was. My mouth dropped open before I burst into a fit of giggles. I scooted closer to Cas before settling in to watch the movie.
"Oh Sammy, don't be jealous." I said with an incredibly happy grin. "I may have finally explored those feelings for that gorgeous beta from the coffee shop."
"Hello there, you certainly are a pretty little beta aren't you?" The man said. "My name is Alistair. I couldn't help but notice you were over here looking so lonely so I thought I'd offer some company."
After Cas had bid me farewell this morning I worked my way through a small rush before hitting a lull and grabbing my laptop and settling in to start on an assignment. I tried to concentrate but I slowly found my thoughts fading back to Cas. Cas was absolutely delightful. His smile touched his eyes and seemed to light up the room. And his eyes themselves were a vast sea of blue. I felt like I could stare into them forever, just getting lost.  I assume he's a beta. I've never been able to catch a scent that would prove otherwise. But regardless he was undoubtedly the most gorgeous creature on earth. Maybe one of these days I'll work up the nerve to ask him for drinks or dinner.
Cas turned a ghostly shade of white and swallowed hard. I couldn't tell if he looked like he was going to say something or throw up, or perhaps both. After another few moments of silence I strolled over towards the tables. I wasn't sure what I was going to say but I knew I needed to help Cas. Just before I reached the table Cas jumped up clear out of his seat.
"Who Cas? He's been a regular since school started back up a few months ago. He's a great guy as far as I can tell. He's really smart. I'm pretty sure he's getting a degree in English or creative writing or something." I said a little to enthusiastically as I felt a blush creep onto my cheeks.
I could feel the tears already threatening to spill even before I spoke. I swallowed harshly before speaking. My voice was barely a whisper most of the conversation as I struggled to tell him what had happened. He listened carefully and spoke softly. Even given Gabe's sarcastic personality he knew when he needed to be serious. I babbled on about how my world was crashing down but Gabe gave me solid advice. He told me I needed to put my financial priorities first, like rent and food, and gave me the harsh reality of what I already knew to be true. He told me to cut all unnecessary spending and to get my butt into gear finding another job asap. He went on to talk about the thing that had been bothering me most. He brought up the suppressants I was on cautiously.  He knew what a touchy subject it was and his voice was really gentle on the subject all together. He asked if my supply would get me through the next few weeks, and unfortunately the answer was no. I hadn't expected this and I truly only had enough to get me through a little over a week, but I knew that when it came right down to it, if I had to, I would pick to pay my rent over getting the pills. We talked a few more minutes before I told him I was gonna start putting in applications. We said our goodbyes and hung up. If I was gonna do anything today I was gonna need some coffee. So I got ready and grabbed my laptop before heading towards the coffee shop.
Dean stopped pacing the floor, leaned against the heavy chest of drawers, and ran his fingers through his hair like he used to, tugging at the tousled strands insanely.
— Oh, I... I feel very good, Dean! I am very grateful to you, but this is not courtesy, believe me. I just wanted your dream to come true. At least this small one.
— If you make fun of me, I'll give them to you! — Dean removed the goggles that were held on to his head by a coarsened leather strap and placed them in front of him. — Look, Sam, this isn't just a retro accessory. Damn, that's a helluva tongue twister. So, the lenses of these goggles are annealed by holy fire — remember the ones we used to see the hellhounds?
The wireless headphones that had been tossed carelessly on the bedspread earlier slid to the floor unnoticed.
Castiel suddenly shuddered in Winchester's arms and squeezed the fabric of his shirt sharply. Recoiling, he met Dean's confused gaze, and pushed him away as if suddenly remembering something terrible.
— Come on, we wouldn't have fallen apart if we worried! Maybe we'd have found a way out by now! Cas, I asked you so many times not to be silent if you're going to do something... like this!
— I guess so,— the angel agreed, after Dean had given him a childish slap on the shoulder. — But that's not what you wanted to talk about, is it? If I understand correctly…
Dean felt a wave of heat hit his face and his throat tightened. Tears welled up in his eyes, and he couldn't hold them back as he buried his face deeper into the arms of Cas and Sam. His shoulders were trembling and shaking with sobs, and he was looking for support from the only ones who were really close to him, not recognizing himself in the weeping bundle of feelings that he had suddenly become.
The angel rose to his full height, spread his magnificent blue-black wings that glittered in the sun, and stepped resolutely into the sky.
— No spell... dammit, — Dean muttered through his gritted teeth, and leaned against the counter as well. — But you might create it? You're a smart woman with a lot of experience in angels' magic! I'm not alluding to your age, of course...
— I would heal them, — Matariel said with a smile as she walked over to Dean and placed another mug with a painted cupid on it on the table in front of him. — I had to try a little and convince this specimen to bloom, because usually the burning bush blooms in June.
— No doubt! — Sam pursed his lips jokingly, remembering his present and how proud and pleased Dean looked when he handed it to his brother.
— I know, — came the answer, which made Dean's eyebrows twitch in surprise. He expected to hear something different, but Castiel continued, and everything became clear. — Do you know... that you talk in your sleep, Dean Winchester?
— Well, let's try again, — came his booming voice from behind the hood a couple of minutes later, but the second attempt to get Baby started wasn't a success either. The older brother's silhouette appeared at Sam's side, the door opened, and Dean leaned over to take the key. Sam was about to get up and give him his legitimate seat.
— We've been waiting for this, — Ogden explained. — I told Mattie she probably should go back, but she wouldn't listen.
— Before you say anything in response, Dean, there's something else you should know, —Castiel's tone became serious, and Dean frowned, knowing that he was about to hear something that was unlikely to please him. — When we raised Jack from the dead… Remember when I went to Heaven to get him back?
— See? My grace can well replace both breathing and blood circulation. Although it's not worth doing for a long time, so as not to waste it... Dean, what's wrong?
The view from the front passenger seat of the Impala was stunning: the maples along the highway running through Central Wisconsin seemed to glow with fiery autumn colors, illuminated by the still bright and warm September sun. With a dreamy smile, sometimes closing his eyes and exposing his face to the oncoming wind that blew in from the open window, sometimes admiring the colorful rampage of color that the surrounding landscape generously shared, Castiel enjoyed the magnificent sight and the  bittersweet smell of fallen leaves.
— Dean, I have to apologize, — he began, deciding not to beat around the bush. — I heard your prayers. I should have come back earlier, because you called me. I'm sorry I left you then.
— I would prefer surprise, — he muttered, hastily pouring the remaining beer from the bottle into his mouth to hide his flushed cheeks…
— Yeah, — the older growled out, plopping down in the armchair next to the bed, where Sam lay impressively with his long legs stretched out and his hands behind his head. — Give me a pillow, you occupant, one is enough for you.
— Come one, what could go wrong with us? — Dean patted the angel's shoulder encouragingly. — We used to get over far worse mess. Now let's get our team together and go home to celebrate the victory, right, man?
However, Castiel was never a coward, and the fear of being rejected was not the only reason he left the Winchesters stranded on the highway in such a hurry. He didn't even move the Impala onto the road, which would have saved the brothers the trouble of using human resources. There was something else... If his love is really mutual, and he returns and finds out about it, then there will not be an angel in this world happier than him. Because first of all, it is not typical for angels to be happy simply because of their nature, which involved only service and no human stupid things, and secondly... it could cost Castiel his life. What would happen to Dean when he knew he might be the cause of Cas' death, even not directly?
Sam listened to his brother, his mouth open in surprise, and even forgot to ask what was next when he paused to take a sip of coffee. Still talking and looking serious, as if in a confession, Dean summed it up:
— You need to calm down, Dean. Please try, and let's see what we can do, — Castiel said, trying his best to support him, even though he knew it was useless, and he only tightened his grip on Dean's tense shoulders.
— Welcome, Dean and Sam, — the host smiled at them, somehow knowing exactly which of the brothers was who. — Don't get up, no formalities, please. Ogden Green, nice to meet you, — and he shook hands with each of them as he sat down in the chair opposite the couch where the hunters were sitting. — You can call me just Ogden.
Focusing all his attention on his right hand, directing his grace to the tips of his fingers, Castiel touched Dean's clothing first, and the fabric parted almost imperceptibly. Then the warm, slightly damp skin and taut muscles beneath it gave way, and Dean groaned through his clenched teeth. Bright white light spilled out from under the angel's fingers, and Cas could hear the layers of flesh and energy parting with a ringing sound like a scream to let him pass. It was necessary to penetrate deeper not only into the physical body of Dean, but also into the layers of finer, ethereal matter that protect the innermost essence of human nature. Cas carefully sank his hand almost to the middle of his palm, while Dean breathed quickly and shallowly through his open mouth, doing his best not to move. His perspiring face, tilted up to the sky, expressed such an inhuman agony and struggle not to allow himself to try to dodge the pain that Castiel had to close his eyes as he couldn't stand the sight. But he could still hear Dean's scream, and he focused all his will to continue. It wouldn't be long before he could do what Dean had asked of him. Another inch deep into Dean's chest and only one layer of vibrating subtle energy, and the angel's grace will touch the quintessence of this perfect human being, defenseless now in his trust, open to him completely and unconditionally, for whatever it is necessary, no matter how much pain it takes to endure... Just another torturous moment…
— We're going to need some of your blood, Dean, — Ogden explained, taking out a small earthenware bowl that had been prepared in advance and handing Dean a knife with a fancy bronze handle. Sam's face twitched nervously, though he'd seen such a scene before before.
— Mmm... No. Okay, just a little. It's a great idea to teleport when we're kissing. Maybe I'll get used to it so soon. I'm a little dizzy, and these ... you know, butterflies in my stomach. Even funny.
— Nice weather, right, Cas? Awesome! — Dean Winchester winked cheerfully at the angel, who was still looking at him, and then turned his gaze back to the road, grinning at the angel's habit of staring like that, as if he didn't know how weird and sometimes funny it looked.
— Ogden, Mattie… If you need anything from us as hunters or anything else, —  Dean began as he and Sam said good-bye to the welcoming couple on the porch. The warlock and the angel held hands and smiled warmly at the brothers.
— Dean, that's enough! Mattie exclaimed after a few seconds, and the hunter bound up the injured hand with a bandana that he took from the inside pocket of his jacket. — Give me your hand.
— Look, Cas... Listen to me and don't interrupt, okay? —  he said quickly. — It wasn't supposed to be like this, and I'm sorry for that. You're going to help save Sam, aren't you? I have no one else to rely on. Please, just do what I ask. You must touch my soul, remember what you did to Bobby when you needed power? — Dean leaned back against the car door and took a deep breath, bracing himself for the pain ahead.
Poland was so small that there was not a single motel in the town or in the surrounding settlements, which Mr. Green kindly warned him about and invited Dean to his house, giving him the address. When Dean said that his brother was with him, the phone went silent for a couple of seconds, as if the man was consulting someone.
— Dean... more... I want more... — Cas whispered obliviously. His hot hand closed over Dean's fingers, begging him to continue the luscious sensation.
Lifting his face, red with shame, Dean felt a sense of relief. His lover was joking. After Dean had just clumsily tried to apologize for the hurt he'd caused the angel in the past, and promised some utter nonsense in addition. And now Cas was not only laughing softly, which one didn't see very often, but he's also laughing at him!
— When I died, yes, — the angel prompted. It was easier for him than for humans to speak words related to death, which people often didn't dare to utter. — The Shadow is a being that owns and controls the Empty. Everyone who gets there sleeps forever, just like the Shadow itself.
After waiting a few more long seconds, the angel finally knocked on the door, gently but decisively. A low indistinct noise and a hasty reply from Dean came from the room:
— Really? — Dean chuckled bitterly. — I would ask you to erase my memory of that moment, but that would be completely selfish. And you won't forget it yourself.
The roar of flames and the crash of collapsing wooden floors were heard the phone. Terrified, Dean was already shouting into the phone, barely looking at the road ahead:
"Heat can be overcome by cold," — thought the angel, and still holding the fireball at a distance, he began to lower its temperature, bringing it to cosmic cold. His calculation was correct, the creature was trying to free itself from his invisible grip, but its glow gradually faded until it was completely extinguished, and only a cloud of black ash fell on the burning floor boards.
— I got it, Dean... I'll try... — even louder crack followed Sam's fading voice, and the connection was cut off.
— We're not gonna make it, Cas... It's already been a twenty-minute drive, and now... — Dean looked up desperately and slapped both hands angrily on the polished body of the stalled Impala. Although... — the voice of the hunter sounded like having hope and frustration at the same time in it. — Oh, son of a bitch, what a jerk I am!
Already knowing how sweet it was to kiss those soft pink lips, Dean felt that it could be even more beautiful when those lips had just repeated his name and whispered words of love. With such an amazing addition, it was so breathtaking that it seemed as if he was being carried up somewhere by a wave of unspeakable delight. The joy filled his soul to the brim, making him light-headed to the feeling that physical reality was momentarily ceasing to exist around him…
— Dean... — the angel's blue eyes pierced the Winchester almost tangibly, and Dean flinched as he met them. — What did you do? How did you manage…
— Sammy seems to understand, — the hunter murmured, turning to the angel before crawling back under the covers and kissing Castiel on his tenderly smiling lips. — Well, I don't care. I mean... well, I'm grateful to him.
— I wish I could see them for longer, — the hunter said with a sigh. – You like it when I touch them, don't you, Cas?"
— If we're really going to do this, Cas, — the hunter tried to control the surge of passion, afraid to push his lover away with too much force.
— Touch your soul? — Cas asked, astonished. — Do you realize how dangerous it is? What are you up to?
— So you just hit it at random, like, played hunch? Sam and I had to improvise on the spot more than once. You're a real hunter!
— Sure, Dean. I'm going after Sam, everything's going to be fine, — he said in a firm voice and stood up, taking a step back.
For a few dozen miles on the way home to the Men of Letters' bunker, Dean didn't say a word, because he dozed off without noticing it. He woke up when Sam slowed down on a turn, causing Dean to nid-nod.
— Actually, we've come to you with a problem... Not to seem rude, but can we discuss it with your husband right away, Mattie?
Returning to the highway with Sam slacked in his arms, Castiel decided that Dean shouldn't see his brother in such a terrible state — bloodied, covered with terrible burns and with a broken leg. So when he appeared next to the Impala  left by the road, he deliberately turned his back on the older Winchester, covering Sam with his body and gently lowering him to the ground, covered with fragrant fallen leaves. Carefully, he lifted Sam's head, holding the back of his head and examining the burns. In the light of day, the picture was even worse than in the flickering light of the fire.
When at last their eyes met again, Castiel smoothly reached out to touch the hunter's forehead. In a few moments, he would rid Dean of the memory that was bothering him so much, and everything would be back to normal. Angel felt his eyes grow hot and a hard lump rise in his throat, but he swallowed hard and pulled himself together, fighting off the feelings that were irrelevant. Maybe it's for the better...
— Wow, good reaction! You're like Bruce Lee! — Dean surprised and for figurative comparison mimicked the sound that the famous fighter made in the movies, knocking down another ferocious enemy. However, in the older Winchester's performance, it was a little like the scream of a cat who has been stepped on its tail.
— Okay, Dean Winchester, — Lily said, turning her entire body on the high bar stool and leaning closer, her gaze drilling into his. Her low voice clearly aquired some steel notes. — First of all. Yes, I forgave him, but that means I changed my mind about killing him, not that I want to help him. Second — she leaned back a little, swinging one slim leg in slinky trousers over the other and raising the glass to her scarlet mouth, and her voice softened a little. — I just don't know how to do it, Dean. There is no such spell in my arsenal.
He heard Mattie's silvery laughter from a small kitchen settee at the other end of the table, he hadn't noticed her the dim light at first. She was sitting there sideways, with her feet cozily tucked, and also holding a cup of coffee. Her blond curls fell carelessly over her slender shoulders.
— Oh, you meanie! — Dean pretended to be offended, emptying the last drops of coffee into his mouth as they reached the kitchen. — Pour me some more, be a good boy.
— Not much, — Dean said, disappointed. Okay, let's say. I'm going to take my phone and tap the calendar — whatever date I get to, it's going to be it. Oops, I didn't take my phone upstairs... Okay then, I'll tap later.
— Yes, Dean, how can I forget that? By the way, thank you very much for giving me that collection of documentaries about serial killers, I really appreciate it, — Sam smiled on the way back for another cup of coffee and motioned his brother to come along. — It's not a big deal that more than half of it is pure malarky…
— Don't get distracted, Dean, — Sam reminded him of the real subject of their conversation. — So what about my birthday and your crawling on the floor?
— We're going to have sex, am I right? — Castiel continued, surprising Dean once again with his unique directness and making him blush.
With a quick glance at the nearest rack of collectible weapons, Sam grinned with relief as he tossed his damp hair back from his forehead, walked around the table, crossed his arms over his chest, and watched as the brave hunter Dean Winchester crawled out from under an antique piece of furniture and rubbed the back of his hurt head.
— Yes, I'm with you, Dean. I don't want to think about the Shadow when I'm with you. I don't even think I do... but it seems like it's not easy to forget about it, especially now that I want to be with you every minute of my existence, and it could tear us apart.
— Oh yes, it's mine, — explained the lady. — Why don't you sit down, my husband is already on his way.
— Dean! — the angel groaned thickly, arching his back sharply and pressing his hot abdomen against the Winchester's chest, teasing him, bringing his seductively exposed neck to Dean's lips. Unable to resist the temptation, Dean pressed a hungry kiss to the smooth skin, feeling the rapid pulse on his tongue, extatically listening to Castiel's quickening breath . Dean's other hand lay on Cas' firm buttock, pushing him forward to meet his rough hand, which was confidently caressing his hardening cick more and more lustily. With a groan, Castiel pushed himself up, resting his hands on Dean's chest. His fingers clenched and unclenched in time with the quickening rhythmic movements, tracing the magic tattoo on the hunter's chest as Dean's caresses slowed to a gradual stop.
After the Winchesters managed to stop an elderly couple driving along the highway with a winch and use it to pull the Impala on the road, the brothers thanked the benevolent people, said goodbye, and they drove off in their not new, but clean and well-groomed pickup truck. Or rather, it was mostly Sam who spoke to them, while Dean walked sullenly up and down the roadside and waved them off silently. He was in no hurry to speak also when he opened the hood of the stalled car and plunged his hands into its greasy interior, only occasionally scowling snorting. Sam watched his brother with folded arms, and after a few minutes, the silence became too heavy for him.
— I have to tell you this, Dean. I want you to know. You appeared in my life not by my will, out of the the blue, like a natural disaster, and turned the entire usual order of things in my world upside down. Because of you, I gave up everything that was dear to me, everything that I believed in and followed implicitly. Because of you, I've changed and become who I am now. Although it was often hard, scary and bitter, and sometimes I doubted that I made the right choice to leave my past for you, I always came back and will come back no matter what happens. I love you, Dean.
— Dean! What have you done, Dean?! — the dazed angel took the Winchester by his shoulders and tried to look Into his eyes, but Dean's distracted gaze was directed behind him.
Castiel nodded, a slight flush emerging on his face, mixing with the sun's glare on his bronzed skin. He realized that soon, when the connection between the human soul and the angel's grace became even stronger and more unbreakable — thanks to the magic, and perhaps to the feeling that had grown so strong in just a few days — Dean would be able to see and feel Castiel's wings whenever they both wanted to. Meanwhile, the last hazy features of those wings were fading, hiding from Dean's view for the time being. Cas rested his head on Dean's golden-freckled shoulder and watched the waves roll gently over the sand.
The angel approached him, gazing intently into his emerald eyes, noticing dark circles beneath them.
— You smudgy devils! — he mumbled through the folds of their smoke-smelling clothing. — Son of a bitch, I'm so glad you're alright… I nearly had kittens while you were there, flittering…
— I'm... not arguing, — Cas tried to explain as Dean took both of his hands and led him to his wide bed.
— It was a fire elemental, an ancient natural spirit, — Castiel explained as he slapped the smoldering fabric of his trenchcoat with his palm. — You must have let it out when you came in. I think your witch has it locked up as an insurance in case of a break-in.
As Castiel looked curiously at this self-willed, stubborn, and foolhardy hunter, willing to make tremendous efforts to save the life of every person whose life depended on him in the least, and to make even more terrible sacrifices for the sake of his loved ones, as Cas spent more and more time with him, he did not immediately notice how the ideas of free will and independence entered his mind along with a sense of deep admiration and affection. As time passed, it became something even more powerful, exciting, inescapable, and then unknown to him. Maybe it was because Cas didn't immediately understand right then what was happening to him that he allowed the sprig of this unknown, fluttering sensation to flow through his mind, through the many layers that had formed from following strict rules, obeying unquestioning orders, and the smooth flow of his clearly defined angelic life. Probably, without knowing it, he had been infected with disobedience just when he first touched Dean's soul buried in the depths of Hell, leaving his mark that bound their destinies forever, and not noticing how this suffering and rushing soul in search of deliverance left its invisible mark on him.
— Oh, buddy, after all he's been through since he's been stuck with us in this dusty box called our world... after we've lost each other so many times... Dammit, I'll do anything to see him happy!.. Wait, what do you mean, “if you were me”?
— None of the other angels showed up, neither a month later when I recovered, nor even six months later when my husband and I developed and applied the spell you've come for... Apparently, they thought I was dead and stopped looking for me.
— That's not what I meant, Dean, — Sam said, mimicking his brother's tone, —"you know," — and smiled at the corner of his mouth closest to Dean.
— Erm... Well, I couldn't sleep, went to the garage to see Baby... found these glasses, decided to try them on... — Dean started to explain, sounding not very confidently. He pushed the glasses on his forehead and smiled even wider, thrusting his hands in his jeans pockets.
Dean pulled the goggles down around his neck and stared at Sam for a moment, who in turn watched his older brother's funny expression change.
— The Shadow won't get you, — Dean said, bringing his lips closer to Cas', catching his response with his half-closed eyes. — You're a Winchester, and our purpose in this world is to save people, not to chill and relax on our hunting laurels… It attacked the wrong guy.
When Dean had diligently copied a few lines of Enochian symbols onto another piece of paper with the pen Mattie had given him, Ogden carefully placed the paper on top of the broken branch in the bowl.
Putting his hands on the bed on either side of the angel's sides, Dean reverently continued to cover his chest with kisses, moving to Cas' stomach, which was throbbing with the rhythm of his heart. Soft moans, mingled with the sound of hard breathing, souded like music in the Winchester's ears. Sliding down to Cas' lower abdomen, Dean casually touched his cheek to his erect cock and buried his face in the dark hair, inhaling its sweet, enveloping scent. Cas' fingers touched his temple gently.
— Dean... Is this going to be an Enochian magic spell? — Sam asked after he had passed out and slept for half an hour due to watching the monotonous rural landscape outside the Impala's window. — And this warlock is going to use a part of his soul just for free so that you can give Cas new wings?
— I think I do, Dean, I get the idea. So, if take this moment… I feel so good with you now, but I've been worried about Jack since we got him back. The magic we used to do that must have a price, and it can be quite high.
And Cas gave up. Let that intoxicating passion make him do things that he would not have thought of before meeting this man, let Dean often be harsh and rude, forcing him to suffer in silence and swallow his pride, and let his feeling remain unrequited. But if he could be near Dean, just see his smile, listen to his not always clear jokes, and look into his sparkling emerald eyes, he was sure it would be worth it. He had almost come to terms with the fact that Dean would not realize or accept his love, though faint sparks of hope still occasionally flickered in his thoughts when their eyes met and held each other's for a long time. At that time, it seemed to him that at any moment Dean would understand, and hug him, and tell him what idiots they had been all those years for not daring to admit what they felt for each other. But seconds flew by, and for some reason each time the moment was lost. And it seemed to Castiel that he had invented this false hope for himself, so as not to lose his mind and go crazy.
— Come in, please, — the woman said warmly, and opened the door wider. — I'm Mattie, Mr. Green's wife, — she said, — he'll be right here soon. Come into the living room and make yourself comfortable.
— No, no, — Dean grinned, shaking his head negatively. — I'm absolutely fine. We're cool! You did a pretty good job killing that... whatchamacallit... elemental.
Dean was pinned to his own bed by Castiel's weight. He settled on the Winchester's thighs with an intent that left no doubt. In the dim light of the desk lamp, Dean's eyes, momentarily out of focus, caught a wavering haze around the fugure of castiel, bending over him with awe and a growing desire in his glittering eyes.
Taking a deep breath after his monologue, the hunter nodded quietly, looking down again at the angel's long fingers wrapped around his arm.
— Good morning, Sammy, — Dean greeted his brother cheerfully. Perhaps a little too cheerfully for such an early hour, and for a man who crawls under a table in the morning wearing old, sooty welding goggles, which Sam mentioned with a puzzled grimace:
— No, — said the older one, as they approached the Impala, — it was the spell that did it to me. Feels like Bobby's tangle-leg... Let's go get Baby out.
— That's what I was afraid of, — with a soft smile, Castiel laid a hand on the hunter's tense shoulder. — Humans can't defeat a cosmic entity that is older than the Universe itself.
— Wait, — the hunter said suspiciously, raising an anxious gaze to the angel. — I didn't tell you his name!
— Dean, — Lily said, taking the hunter firmly by his forearm with her slender fingers, — I've already told you, and this is my final answer. No. I can't help you.
— Well... if you even start to forget about the Shadow, I can... — Dean hesitated, but soon continued, —  I can, as I often do, blurt out something stupid in a temper, you know... yell, get raw with you... — then the Winchester felt completely confused and sat up on the bed, staring at the white fabric of the sheet on his lap. — By the way, just for the good of the cause, — he added quickly, — not... to hurt you…
Sam Winchester sauntered towards the library, holding a mug of strong, freshly brewed coffee in one hand, filling the corridor of the Men of Letters bunker with its aroma. He was walking down the stairs from the kitchen to the sacred repository of knowledge, his favorite laptop clutched to his side with his other hand. Having taken a shower after a morning run along the quiet streets of morning Lebanon, the younger Winchester intended to sit down at one of the massive oak tables and look for a new case for himself and Dean, while his brother was probably still snoring peacefully, watching the not-so-decent morning dreams.
Putting on the goggles, Sam carefully opened the box, looked inside, and a sad smile appeared on his face.
Castiel's fingers crumpled the fabric of the sheet. It was all he could do not to move his hips too much to meet Dean's caresses, not to interfere with him or hurt him. It took only a minute or a bit more for Cas, panting, to touch Dean's short hair as carefully as he could and pull gently, warning him that he was not far from orgasm. The hunter gently pushed his hand away, pinning it to the bed and clearly not going to stop.
— Oh, believe me, Dean, angels can do a lot of things if they want to learn! — she looked tenderly at Ogden, who was sitting next to her, and he put his arm lovingly around her slender shoulders.
— It's probably a little slow on the uptake, too. It's like the story about some dude who told other dudes not to think about the white monkey. Sammy once told me, — Dean hugged Castiel tighter and kissed his disheveled curls. The Winchester's words had gradually slowed down due to the inevitably impending slumber. — Like, think of anything but that white-haired thing with a red ass… What was his name… Well, whatever. Anyway, since then, all those other guys had been thinking about was the damn beast… I think that kind of thing can work on angels, too, Cass. We just have the Shadow instead of the monkey.
— To be honest, I wasn't sure how to handle it, but I figured cold would work against fire. And so it turned out right.
— Cas, did you really… Did you leave because you thought you'd be happy if we were together? And then the Shadow would get you, right?
— Your kiss, Dean, made me feel so happy that I thought the Shadow would've come for me right then and there. So I decided it would be safer for all of us if I moved and met it one-on-one.
The two men were really sitting at the kitchen table, sipping coffee in a family way, the delicious aroma of which Dean had smelled just when he came out on the stairs. His footsteps interrupted their morning conversation, and the way they looked at Dean indicated that they were waiting for him. A small bronze-and-glass oil-lamp with a steady orange flame sat on the edge of the table nearest to Dean, and a wooden box containing Gabriel's pen was placed next to it. In the very middle of the table there was a vase of twisted blue glass, in which stood a branch of some plant with beautiful large pink flowers with crimson streaks on the petals.
— Damn, damn, damn!!! Cas, my brother is there, and I can't help him! Of course I'm screwed! — and he jumped out of the car, slamming the door. The angel immediately followed him, quickly going round the hood of the Impala and seeing Dean take his phone again. Sam didn't answer, and Dean violently threw the phone into the grass at his feet.
— Oh, well... Remember the three of us, we and Cas, were talking about birthdays?" I be like like, "Cas, when is your birthday?" And he started to say something about the years, that it didn't matter, in short, he was overmodest, as he often does…
Tangled in the multiple layers of Castiel's clothing, Dean continued to kiss Castiel's tender pink lips, reveling in their softness and warmth. Cas helped him, throwing off the covers that prevented them from getting close to each other. Dean's t-shirt added to the impressive pile on the floor next to the bed. His hands unfastened the fly of Cas' trousers, and his fingers deftly slipped under the white fabric of his boxers, firmly grasping the swollen hard cock. Dean's thumb stroked the smooth head once, and the second time it slid over the silky skin, smearing a drop of precum.
— Can angels swim? — Dean interested suddenly, rising to his full height. — I'm not just curious. We are going skinny-dipping in the ocean!..
— Dammit, Cas! What have you done? — Dean jumped up in despair and flounced about his room like a trapped animal. — Well, why didn't you tell me earlier? Why ... why didn't Jack tell?
Castiel shifted nervously from one foot to the other as he stood in front of the door to Dean's room. A few minutes earlier, he had called Sam and learned that the elder Winchester had hardly left his room for two days and was not looking for cases to solve either. All that time, silent, he listened to music for hours on end and occasionally showed up in the kitchen to grab a couple of bottles of beer. After that, the angel received a clear recommendation to appear in the bunker, because this state of affairs did not appeal to Sam too well. Dean stubbornly refused to talk to his brother, sometimes joking morosely, sometimes silently giving him a look that was only heavier than his surly sighs when he went back up the stairs and closed the door to his bedroom.
— If I only knew. Cas was gone before I could ask him what was wrong. And I have no idea what happened or what to do now. Son of a bitch! — the older Winchester fall silent again, frowning and staring out the window, and Sam cautiously decided not to disturb him until they reached the bunker.
Closing his eyes, Dean took a deep breath and held it as if he were about to jump into the water, trying to believe what the angel had just said and to grasp the reality of what was happening between them. As he exhaled slowly, he was vaguely annoyed to think that it was he who should have told Cas that he loved him first, that he was the Dean Winchester, the fearless, valiant hunter. The most gorgeous femme fatales and the most terrifying monsters trembled before him. But for some reason at the moment he seemed to have forgotten all the words and felt like a helpless baby. Though it didn't matter, he'd tell him as soon as he could...
— So this man needs an archangel's feather in exchange for a spell? — Sam asked, when Dean gave him a rough outline of what he had achieved when he finally called on that phone number.
— Dean, look, — the angel said forthright. — I didn't have time to consult — I had to decide something at once, or we would've lost Jack. I'm sorry I didn't tell you right away. I didn't want to upset you, and I don't want to upset you now. But I don't regret what I did, and I'm sure you or Sam would've done the same.
— I am old and all that, but I know what a phone is. I hope you do, too, — she said, now a little coquettishly, as she stood up and handed Dean the sheet of paper she had just torn from her notebook. — You were wrong not only in who you should ask, but also in thinking that I was the only person who was familiar with angels' magic.
— Dean, you'd better lie down for half an hour or so, — Mattie said solicitously. — I'll make breakfast in the meantime. Do you guys like pancakes?
— You think I'd just have given you up to it that easily? — Dean asked with a dark frown, unsuccessfully trying to shake off the feeling of deja vu. Something like that had actually happened in the past, when they were in Purgatory together, and now it was happening again.
— You can keep your weapons if it's convenient to you, — Ogden added. — We understand and do not mind it, because we are actually strangers to you yet.
— ...Is that the matter? — Sam asked, puzzled, and grinned. — Then why do you need these dusty goggles? You're not going to give them to Cas, are you?
— Right, that's what I mean, right! — Dean continued, his eyes bright with emotion. — I'll tell you I'm worried about the kid too! And take your home, Heaven — it's a damn mess now, too, isn't it?
— You know, Sam, the thing is... Do you remember when we celebrated your birthday the other day? — he pushed his goggles up on his head, flattening the top of his light brown hair, and looked Sam in the eye with a serious expression. — Well, we climbed out on the roof of the bunker with beer and pizza, basked in the sun, chatted there about different things — and it was cool, right?
The remaining coffee, to Sam's delight, was just enough for two mugs, and the brothers sat down opposite each other at the table with round wooden seats.
Putting his hand to Dean's chest, the angel paused for a moment. He trusted Dean. He had long been ready to follow him anywhere, even to the most damned lair, which he had done when they first met in the grim depths of Hell, when he did not yet know who he was saving or how quickly his life would change. Castiel had pulled Dean Winchester's soul out of the underworld, out of darkness, pain, and madness, into the light of salvation, and into a life that would change the fate of the world. At least that was all he knew then.
As if listening to something carefully and looking like a safe-cracker, he turned the key slowly and intently, then again, and the engine miraculously started.
— The key word is "almost", — Lily replied sarcastically, looking absently at the liquor shelves and still taking her glass. — Even if I could give Castiel his wings back, I wouldn't do it.
— You don't think I'll just leave uou like this, do you? — Dean reached out a hand to Cas' heated face, gently stroking his flushed cheekbone. Tnd the angel's hot lips pressed tenderly against his palm, descending to his wrist, leaving a wet imprint. Dean sank his fingers into the unruly curls of Castiel's dark hair, drawing the angel to him. Hold him against his naked skin was a fantastic sensation, and Cas felt the same, judging by the deep sigh he drew as he leaned forward to Dean.
Cas winced at the thought of the pain Sam would have felt if he'd been conscious. Taking the lanky hunter in his arms as gently as if he were a child, he leaped back to the highway, where the Impala was stuck in the ditch, and Dean, still a bit unhinged, was waiting. Cas didn't see the remains of the building that had been destroyed by the fire collapse in a few seconds, with a loud hoot and a scattering of ash clouds.
Squinting warily, Dean brought the bright flame of the lamp closer to the components in the bowl. In an instant, blue fire hissed high above the earthen vessel. A wave of power and heat passed through Dean's body, as if the explosion of an artillery shell had almost silently occurred right in front of him, throwing him back. It seemed to him that something caught fire in the depths of his chest, as if gunpowder crackled up somewhere behind his ribs and instantly went out, leaving a scorched trail.
He pulled Castiel gently to himself, and his hot, wet lips pressed gently against the angel's dry, slightly parted lips. At first, the Cas froze in surprise, stopped breathing for a moment, and did not know what to do. He had no desire to push Dean away, on the contrary, the warm touch was pleasant and unexpectedly desired, and Castiel moved closer, placing his hands on Dean's chest under the rough fabric of his jacket. He wanted to the kiss him back, and he carefully tried to imitate Dean's movements, quiveringly caressing his lips with his own and feeling the blood rush to his face.
— Be gentle, but not submissive, be firm, but not cruel, — Castiel quoted the dead martial artist, and, opening his fingers, let the maple leaf fall easily to the mercy of the oncoming wind. With a final shake of the head, the leaf disappeared from view with a soft rustle.
— Mattie taught me a lot, too, although I thought I was pretty good at Enochian magic before she came into my life. She is an innovator and is not afraid of experiments, which makes me very happy.
— You mean magic, don't you, darling? — Mattie cooed, looking at her husband with a mischievous smile.
— Oh, well, that's... Damn, all right, you win! — Dean clicked his tongue in frustration, unable to think of a suitable responce. — I've got another smartass to be stuck with, — he said mockingly, as Castiel laughed good-naturedly, throwing his head back a little. — Anyway... leaves don't hit back! That's it.
Love... When the angel who dared to defy Heaven finally realized what was happening to him, it was too late to retreat. He tried to overcome this such a human feeling, unseemly to soldier of God, that made him vulnerable, leaving and pushing Dean away more than once, but coming back again. The weak sprout took strong roots, grew a dense crown, and blossomed into a magnificent flower.
— It's not just my angelic powers that help me do this, — Cas laughed, raising his left brow and looking pointedly down to where Dean's erecting cock was getting harder and harder against his crotch. — Human touch is a feeling also available to my vessel. But my grace vibrates and exults because it feels you desire me.
The image of a careless space parent who left this world to its fate, populated by his abandoned children, like a children's room filled with tired toys scattered everywhere, has long ceased to cause the sacred awe and worship of the once loyal soldier who unquestioningly obeyed any order. But the reverence for the glory of creation that God had once proclaimed human to be was the very core that was the foundation of Castiel's very nature, the sacred knowledge and law that he carried in his mind through the millennia of his existence, and also, ironically, the reason why he fell…
— Thank you for the compliment. I already told you, Dean — we have a very deep connection, — Cas said in a low voice, almost a whisper. — Now you are a part of me, so you can see them. And I... I can feel what you feel... especially when you're so close.
— Where exactly are we going? — Sam wondered as he and his brother loaded a couple of travel bags into the Impala and drove out of Lebanon onto the highway. There was no doubt in Dean's mind that his younger brother would go with him, and it didn't even occur to Sam to ask if Dean wanted to go with him or if he would rather deal with it alone. They simply got into their old-fashioned car, which however was in excellent condition as always, and drove off to the southeast.
— Whoa, whoa, Dean! — Sam, sitting next to him, caught his wrist warningly. — I wouldn't advise you to touch them!
— You have a nice home, Ogden, — Sam complimented the warlock's house, looking around as Dean sniffed the delicious smell of home-cooked food wafting from the kitchen.
— It's me, Dean, — Castiel hastened to answer, also mentally, carefully following Dean's voice with his grace. — Are you... are you okay?"
— I knew, Sammy, I knew it. It's fine. I'm aware that this is not a massage in a holiday house. — Dean patted his brother on the shoulder with a reassuring grin.
— Well, thank you, Dean. But what makes you think I'm going to help you? Didn't I make it clear last time?
— Yes, you are, — Castiel sat down next to him and folded his hands on his bent knees. — Sam said you were upset. Is that still the effect of the spell?
— Well, get ready, Dean, and take a deep breath. Take the lamp, unscrew the larger wick, and bring it slowly to the bowl, — Ogden continued to instruct. — It's going to feel a little weird, but not really bad...
— I know, — still watching the sunbeams play in Dean's green eyes, Cas quickly and smoothly raised his hand in front of his face, catching a yellow leaf that suddenly flew into the car cabin before it touched his skin.
His head spins and suddenly the grace formed air blocks his throat like cement, choking him from the inside. The grace splits in every direction trying to heal faster than his insides burn, but it's not enough. All at once, the grace loses its hold, he's being drowned, electrocuted and choked at the same time. The grace tries to protect him and recoils from the wires and pipes with such force that Dean is knocked off his chair. He lands on his back and the air is instantly knocked out of him. His body arches as he gasps for air and rolls to his side choking on his own saliva.
Two small single beds are pushed together in the middle of the room, fresh blue sheets positioned on top of them and ready to be slept on. One window is curtained with a square of starched white cotton cloth that draws over the panes. A long old-fashioned mirror hangs behind the bed, slightly crooked from where he and Sam had re-hung it after accidentally pulling it down. A set of small fabric wing chairs and large braided rug are still forced into the corner, years of them not being adjusted has caused the wallpaper behind to be scrapped off. Their room hadn't consisted of much more when they were younger except the few toys that they had brought with them when they visited. Yet standing in the room now Dean still feels the warmth.
Dean sees every ounce of the angel's grace as if it is his own. Castiel's grace spirals out entrapping Deans behind a wall. The clashing of their grace sends pulses of energy into the ground, vibrating beneath his feet. However, the pulses only make Dean feel stronger and he easily absorbs them, watching in satisfaction as his grace grows larger. His grace lifts itself up and Dean watches it transition from a barely-there white into a dark red with violent orange and black tinted gashes running through it. Without warning his grace slams into Castiel's wall of grace, each hit bringing the angel closer to the ground. Dean barely has time to flinch before his ears are pierced with a high-pitch shriek. The sound brings him to his knees, covering his ears. He forces his eyes open not realising when he had shut them and forces his head up. His vision blurs with the vibrations shivering the ground beneath him but eventually his eyes land on Castiel.
"You found anything Sam?" Dean watches as his brother's head pops up from behind the stack of books he's built up over the past hour.
Dean glances over his shoulder at the stranger, waiting patiently for the ideal moment. As it so happens the right moment is when the stranger has his back to the impala and is clipping something to his belt. Dean steps forwards watching the ground for anything that will snap beneath him until he's close enough to wrap his arm around the front of the man's throat, pulling him close to his chest and forcing the brick shard just under his bearded chin.
He hears Bobby calling Castiel's name outside and his body remembers it's supposed to be moving. "Cas?" With every empty space that the angel isn't filling, Uriel's words get louder and louder. The angel told him it was his last warning, the cafe must have been the first, the dream the second, and now this. Is it really a warning if they try to kill him every time? The dream keeps coming back to him, his fake dad's words merging with Uriel's.
to go into custody but her lawyer or someone came in and laid down about twenty different orders, there was nothing we could do."
Today is a big day and could be the making of Castiel if he plays his cards right. During his somewhat boring life so far, he has only had two opportunities like this: the first when he had gained a scholarship to a very prestigious high school specifically for the arts and the second when he had been given his first ever comic book from Gabe. Both unbelievably classing as Castiel's highest and lowest points as it turns out even with a scholarship the price to get into an arts school was too much for his family to even think about paying and the contents of Gabe's comic still remain buried in the mud somewhere after two boys in Castiel's 5th grade class thought it would be funny to make paper aeroplane's out of the pages while Castiel got his lunch. He shudders at the memory of those beautifully designed pages delicately dissolving in the mud and sighs.
Bobby wipes his hands on his jeans reaching for the handle but Castiel stops him with a hand on his shoulder. "I think it may be enchanted, I don't think you'll be able to open it." Dean scuffs his foot over the top of the door. "How'd we open it then? Find a spell?" Castiel glances at Dean, a frown pulling at his face. The angel steps forward his left hand wrapping around the handle. He waits for a moment then bend his knees ever so slightly.
Dean shrugs. "Well, so far I've only used them in my sleep and without knowing so sorry if I'm not threatened by the all-mighty power within me." Castiel's jaw clenches and unclenches as if trying to physically hold back his distress. His mouth finally works itself open just as the motel door swings open and slams against the wall. Dean jumps and instantly reaches for Castiel before he can get a glimpse of the hatted figure.
for him? Dean smirks. "Anything you want." A strange tension seems to settle over the table at those words.
"No! Is this all fake? You use your grace to manipulate me, to make me feel-" Dean cuts himself off swallowing around the lump in his throat. "I trusted you, I cared about you, we let you into our family and time and time again you've just lied, caused me more pain." Castiel expression only makes Deans heart ache more. He hates how his voice breaks, his eyes watering, his heart breaking with every word.
"Friends and family," Dean's hand hesitates over the door handle as Uriel's voice curls around him. Inescapable. "They mean nothing to an angel, especially Castiel." Dean swallows down a shuddering breath that makes his shoulders shake. "When I get out of here I'll make sure you remember that. This is your last warning."
And in a second, he's on Dean again, fucking him harder, just long enough to intoxicate his mind before stopping again. Dean arches his back as Castiel pounds into him, screaming out and digging his nails into Castiel's back.
Sitting across from his brother Dean taps his finger against the table, in sync with the patter of rain against the window. The weather has momentarily trapped them indoors with nothing to do but research as any evidence has been washed away by the rain, so for now, the only thing Dean has to do is scribble down ideas and wait for them to make sense. Sam sighs, breaking Dean out of his trance, and twists the cap off of two beers passing one to his brother. Dean nods in thanks and takes a swig, grimacing at the warm texture. "You find anything at the morgue?"
Every muscle in his body screams for him to hide but he forces himself to stand. Part of him wants to run, yet he knows there would be no point. He glances towards the bathroom, silently praying that Bobby found a different way out. Once again his hand goes to his pocket, gripping the holy oil like a vice.
He can't push the scream out that's crawling up his throat. John's gaze is paralysing and it's only when he moves his other hand that Dean sees the sharp silver blade. His eyes go wide and the words fall out before he can stop them. "Dad, please don't! I haven't done anything! Please! Don't!"
Blue brightens the room as Castiel suddenly opens his eyes. His face looks even more perplexed than before as he looks at Dean then at Bobby. "He's alive and safe at least. I can't say what happened to him but he's currently in a bar around forty miles from here."
Dean looks back at Uriel's smug expression and suddenly dread fills his body. If Castiel isn't responding does that mean... He swallows down the panic twisting his stomach and has to hold his breath to keep his grace from slipping out.
"Werewolves? How did- why are there werewolves hunting us?" Sam asks as he obediently takes the gun being handed to him and begins loading their others. "They -um- followed us?" It sounds more like a guess than an actual answer but a half-assed lie is all Dean has time for right now.
Dean stands silent, stunned by the sudden movements. "However, who am I to question Sam Winchester and Bobby Singer." Castiel's face is completely serious when he speaks but Dean sees the smug look in his eyes as he nods to Sam and Bobby before disappearing into thin air. "Traitor," Dean mutters scowling at the empty space where Castiel had been. Sam crosses his arms over his chest and Dean's not quite sure whether Sam's going to start yelling at him or walk away and not speak to Dean for a couple of weeks, Dean prefers the yelling. Trying to hunt without talking to each other is one of the hardest things in the world.
Castiel takes a slow breath, his hand slowly reach forwards palms up. Dean glances down at the angel's hands. Swallowing he carefully places one of his hands on top of Castiel's. The angel squeezes his hand before continuing.
"No-I mean yeah, you do-" Dean stammers keeping his eyes trained on the wall, anywhere but the man in front of him. He scowls when he hears a stifled chuckle and turns towards the man. "Dude, are you gonna help us or not?" He asks flustered, crossing his arms over his chest. The other man smirks radiating a sudden confidence and rising to his full height just above Dean's chin. "I can help you." He says simply, stepping forwards so that he's invading Dean's personal space. A sweet earthy smell fills his senses it's intoxicatingly sweet and Dean can't help the stuttering breath he inhales. Dean stares down at the man before him not even knowing so much as his name and he's already got the urge to kiss him breathless it's an amazing thing what a pair of pretty eyes can do.
it back on because I'm not the head of Tech anymore, I gave my position over to the new guy this morning." Charlie says, pulling her phone out of her pocket and holding it up in the air, searching for a signal. Dean shrugs and throws his hands up in the air. "Well, I don't know what you do in your office all day!"
'Lucky to be alive' that's what they kept telling him. But how could he have been lucky? His parents were dead and his brother was unconscious and broken beside him.
"Are you okay?" Dean nearly scoffs at the question and finally allows himself to touch Castiel, his grace eagerly searching for injuries but not finding any.
The stranger smiles, leaning forwards and if Castiel's insides fluttered slightly then who could blame him. "I'm sitting in a hot tub." He smirks. Castiel barely refrains from scowling, hating the way the man's honey-comb sweet voice wraps around him like a warm blanket. He tilts his head unable to control the annoying habit.
Dean sighs at the thought of having to deal with Bobby, he can just imagine Bobby doing the grumpy frown thing he always does to get Dean to talk and then he'd yell and call Dean an
, damaged and extremely sleep-deprived, driving back to Bobby's in a busted car wasn't an option. And Castiel helpfully announced that him zapping in and out of existence can be tracked so driving an hour and a half to the closest motel was their only option.
She abruptly pulls back, her hands resting on his shoulders. "I don't understand how are you- Bobby told us you were in a car accident where is-" Bobby stops her with a hand on her arm and he watches the way her face falls. So she knows -
Castiel and Gabriel glance at each other, Gabriel raises his eyebrow gesturing to Dean. Castiel sighs. "We don't know." Dean blinks.
He knows he's rambling and Bobby's still looking in-between him and Castiel but it doesn't stop him. Dean can practically feel the tension in the air stabbing at his skin as Bobby tries to decide how to handle the situation in front of him. "...It was a long drive, let's put it that way." He unloads his bag from his shoulder onto the floor and pulls his jacket off, shaking his head. "I've got the guns at least but the hunter I was meeting with was long gone before I got there, so we're out of luck finding any information about these angels."
Then suddenly its as if the entire situation changes. In seconds the two wolves are on top of each other, light against dark, submission against dominance. Instead of killing fast the darker wolf obviously prefers to toy with its food as it strikes with sharp claws at the back legs of the other wolf. The opposing wolf whimpers momentarily before it turns into a deep growl. It quickly turns, creeping forwards to bite at the dark-haired wolf but the injury has made its reactions slow and sloppy.
Dean watches how the yellowed yet bright light plays in the droplets spraying across the passenger window. His eyes drag across the road chasing an invisible shadow that's running alongside the car. A reflection of light catches his eye in the side mirror and he can't help but be mesmerized as the outside world flashes colour across Castiel's face. Somehow the angel always seems to attract light, a heavenly glow keeping his features alight as the blue of his eyes cut through the darkness like a beacon.
Sam stops loading the gun in his hand to turn to look at Dean. "What do you mean?" He asks. "Since when?" Dean sighs and shoves another gun into his pocket along with two knives. "Not really the time Sam." He says. "It was weeks ago back at that house." Dean cringes realising he shouldn't have told him. If the werewolves don't kill him Sam might.
"Come on I'm sure it's not the first time you've been complimented." Dean frowns at that because he's pretty sure it might be the first time someone has given him a straightforward compliment since he was a child. He shrugs.
"moved this somewhere else." Castiel moves back gently chuckling between each small kiss Dean is giving him.
Mrs Stewarts's mouth twitches into a coy smile and she lets out what could only be classed as a teary chuckle. Sam sinks down in his seat. "No- well yes, but he's in Minnesota." She gazes up through her eyelashes at Castiel and wipes away yet another non-existent tear, pushing a hand through her hair. Sam's eyebrows raise so high they almost connect with his hairline at that.
"Anyway, did you manage to gank The Witches of Eastwick while I was out?" Both his brother and the angel give him a look that shows they have no idea what he's talking about and Dean rolls his eyes. You'd think your kid brother who was born in the eighties and an angel who's basically watched the earth go by from the beginning would know about such programs. He sighs. "You know, the creepy witch chicks that tried to kill me." Sam makes a noise that sounds like he understands Dean's reference, but Dean knows he doesn't. He sure as hell tried to keep Sam away from all supernatural TV programs when he was younger and he doubts Sam's guilty pleasure is watching Cher and Michelle Pfeiffer when Dean isn't around. "Dean your insides were shutting down and your ribs collapsed on themselves. I think there are more important matters to be focusing on than a witch," Castiel growls and gestures angrily at Dean.
But he doesn't leave. He watches Dean with an almost cautious expression, one that has no right to look so damn vulnerable. "But that doesn't mean I'll leave you, Dean." Dean doesn't bother hiding the smile on his face and looks at the angel properly this time. It's not enough for Dean to forgive him completely but it's enough.
She's right, with the amount of grace Dean is expelling he is surprised they haven't been able to find him already. The only solution is to help Dean gain some form of control, even if it's only for a second. Even now he can feel his own grace wilting, struggling under the weight of Dean's own as it tries to make itself more powerful absorbing his grace like a black hole.
Dean shrugs, passing her the wood. "Only one way to find out." The atmosphere seems to shift and suddenly Jo is stepping forward her eyebrows drawing together and for the first time looking like her mom. "We've got no other option. Let's do it."
He glances back to the window watching the darkness as rain pelts against the window angrily. Flashes of white shock the earth. He leans closer to the window, squinting at the side of the road his own reflection staring back at him.
Castiel scowls at her, his blue eyes glowing. Dean can't stop imagining Cas evaporating this creature on the spot, waiting for the moment Cas blinks and she explodes into a million pieces before them.
, be flirting with this woman. Sam doesn't know whether to laugh or sink down in his seat, the guy is hardly the flirtatious type -Sam's heard the strip club story more times than he'd like to admit- Is Cas seriously flirting!
The click of the motel door suddenly seems a lot louder with just him and Castiel in the room but when Dean turns around to speak he finds himself alone.
Dean doesn't want to think about what Cas might mean by that so instead rolls his eyes and wanders to the fridge, trying to hold on to the spec of anger that has already disappeared as he grabs a beer and throws himself onto the couch. He twists off the beer cap, mumbling out a vocabulary that consists of: 'stubborn angels' and 'he's being a baby' while glaring at the ceiling. Sam sighs and pulls out the wooden chair hidden under what's meant to be a dining room table, but in reality is more like a small square of wood jammed onto two sticks, and sits down. He lifts the screen of his laptop to bring it to life and glances at his brother. "You could have at least thanked him." He scolds, not even bothering to stop tapping at his keyboard. Dean rolls his eyes and sips from his beer before turning the television on and drifting into the black hole which is reality TV.
Dean rolls his eyes and waves his brother off. "Yeah okay, whatever." Sam laughs and Dean can't help but join in with him. "So anyway am I meant to be looking forward to an easy wedding or has something horrible and death-defying already happened?" Dean jokes, grinning at Sam but his grin falters when he sees Sam's face.
Once again Dean goes through the process of getting hugged continuously as he walks around the room asking each person if they know where Cas is and getting replies of:
. "Actually, how about you and Cas go to the station and I'll see what I can find out in the morgue, then we'll get him to take a look when the house is empty?" Dean hates being spoken to like a six-year-old girl but he knows some-freaking-how his brother is trying to help, even though they're still most likely going to have to stay here until nightfall, so he nods. "Fine, I'll text you when we're done and we'll meet back in the motel or something," Sam nods back. "Sure."
The warmth of Castiel's hands as they cup each side of his face sending a shiver down his spine and he can't help but shuffle closer. Castiel speaks softly. "Close your eyes and relax." He breathes in and out. In and out.
"Hello, Dean." Dean regrets speaking when it makes Castiel straighten up and his usual stoic expression return. Seeing the angel lounged on the recliner is the first time he's seen Cas look relaxed in a long time especially without his coat and jacket it makes him look strangely human. "Were you- when did you get here?" Dean asks as he moves to the edge of the bed. The more he moves the clearer things become and his memories come back in flashes. He remembers the bright light and seeing Castiel before he blacked out, so he must have been there. Why else would he be here? Dean thinks bitterly, also remembering that he hasn't heard from Castiel in over a month.
Jo reaches into her pocket and hands over the crumpled photo from earlier. "Jo- I can't." Dean holds his hands up not allowing himself to take it. She tuts at him and forces the photo into his hand. "Dean trust me I have a lot more photos of him please just have it." Dean feels a smile tug at his lips and he pulls Jo into a hug, short but firm. His stomach flares at how familiar it feels to act like a big brother again and he has to step back.
Sam watches suspiciously, frowning at the sudden closeness between the two. "They're a bit close aren't-" Sam swallows down the end of his sentence at the look on Castiel's face. If pissed was a person it would live in the body of Castiel angel of the lord. His eyes are narrow, rigid, clouded dark blue. They reflect something more intense than normal and his clenched jaw isn't a good sign. His focus is somewhere near the bar and Sam follows it to the causes of Castiel's obvious distress.
One of the trucker demons continues advancing. Castiel counters with a right fist. Ancitif blocks it. He hits Ancitif four times, three lefts and a right in the face. Ancitif stumbles back, blood rushing from his nose. The demon swings its tight fist blindly. Taking another step forward, crowding him Castiel slaps him with an open hand across the face, throwing him to the floor.
Dean jumps as a chill rushes down his spine and spins around with his fists raised. "Jesus Christ Cas." He sighs, dropping his fists. "You scared the crap out of me." He chuckles lightly, glancing up at the angel. However, Castiel doesn't smile back, instead, he grabs Deans wrist with a grip tight enough to break and pulls him closer. "We need to leave."
Dean glances up and a pang of guilt hits him deep in his chest. Looking into Bobby's eyes he can tell he's confused and even worse there's a hint of fear in his eyes as he stares at Dean. Instantly he is reminded of Sam again, thinking of his face and of how he would look at Dean now. It's a strange feeling to purposely hurt yourself in the face of the ones who care about you.
Castiel's release hits their abdomens, and Dean releases himself into Cas; making Cas moan as the thick, warm fluid fills him.
Dean flicks through the same seven channels continuously, until he stops on a shopping channel and sits up so fast you would have thought the couch had burnt him. "What?" Sam asks, sitting up. Dean pouts. Actually, pouts. "We don't have that," Dean points at the TV, which shows a crappy blender being held awkwardly by a woman in her mid-forties who's wearing a fake smile and a bright pink blazer. "So?" Sam drags out the word and looks at Dean incredulously. "We should get it." He suggests, crossing his arms over his chest. "Okay?" Sam agrees, lost for anything else to say. "Hey, are you feeling alright?" He asks slowly, watching his brother scowl at the TV. But Dean doesn't say anything and continues watching the TV going from envious to bitter in seconds.
"Hey." Dean glances up as he drops his items onto the counter. He swallows as his eyes meet brown eyes watching him through a fringe of loose black curls, pulled back into the low ponytail. Dean's eyes fall to the gentle smile on her red-stained lips and he stupidly opens and closes his mouth before forcing a response out.
Somewhat gracefully Castiel manages to pull himself up and over the fence with the help of Dean unnecessarily grabbing his ass and pushing him over. When Castiel lands on his feet he turns to see Dean smirking at him and almost slaps himself for not realising that the older boy was just trying to cop a feel. Sam claps him on the back and grins. "Good job dude now come on I wanna go into the haunted house." Castiel grins and nods as Sam starts walking away before turning back to Dean. The older boy braces himself on the fence sizing it up before he jumps over it. "Be careful," Castiel says encouragingly. However, his words are wasted as similarily to Sam Dean makes jumping over a fence look like his profession. Castiel barely has time to appreciate the way Dean's arms flex as he grips the top of the fence before he's got a face full of the older boy. Dean lands with a thud and a smirk.
The wolf growls low and loud, it's warning him telling him he's pray but he doesn't move. He waits. Dean waits as the other werewolves crowd closer hunting in a pack and ready to rip him and the Impala apart.  That's when it happens and the wolf shows him what he needs to see. The simple action, the suggestion of danger as white teeth are flashed in his direction.
Dean watches Castiel's lips as he speaks and can't help but sigh. "I suppose." Castiel chuckles under his breath and carefully grabs Dean's hand, leading him towards the ladder. "Ladies first." He says, gesturing to the ladder beside them. Dean raises his eyebrows sarcastically and grabs hold of the ladder. "Very funny,
. Dean refrains from smirking and instead leans forwards in his seat, interrogating the man. "Why wasn't she in custody?" He asks. "Surely, if she was the only suspect then she should have been taken into custody?"
"Could you not talk about me like I'm dead?" It wasn't meant to sound so harsh but he can't help it sometimes. However, his comment doesn't seem to bother Castiel in the slightest as he watches Dean with sharp eyes.
"Oh, okay because it's not like this is causing me any harm right now!" He says slightly hysterical. Dean swears if he ever meets that witch again he's going to kill her, then bring her back to life just to kill her again.
"Yeah, but not the sleeping. He was just a bit.. weird and kept talking about not having things that showed up on TV. I thought he was drunk." Sam confirms and copies the angel's movements, shifting from foot to foot. Dean steps out of the bathroom and glances at Castiel.
The demon's eyes glitter when Dean addresses him, sitting up straight and leaning forwards attentively. "They want you alive, you think if they wanted you dead you wouldn't be?" He clicks his neck and Dean watches, amazed, as the bones on his arm pop back into place. "And obviously they don't know how
The warmth has now bloomed into a full-blown, sweltering heatwave bursting through his pores. Dean snatches his hand away so violently that both men give him an even stranger look. Dean doesn't even attempt to look Bobby in the eye as he rubs the back of his neck and takes a larger than needed step away from Castiel. Clearing his throat to break the tension Dean nods in Bobby's direction. "Bobby! You're back. How'd it go with the hunter, did you get the guns, have any trouble?"
Dean walks towards Jo, Ellen and Bobby, pressing his palm against the wall. They do the same but none of them can break through. Dean sighs knocking his hand against the barrier uselessly. "Fuck." He glances around but there's nothing in the circle but him and the ladder. The ladder must have been warded to prevent any intruders. He rubs at the invisible burns on his palms. Looking back at the group he mouthes, "Go find the warding." Before turning towards the ladder.
we survive it, I want nothing to do with you." Dean feels his heartbreak a little more inside - the pieces becoming shards. He can feel himself losing the only friend he's had in a long time. For a short moment, he'd felt something close to happiness, the rush of adrenaline he got with Castiel making him feel more alive than he had in months. However, he supposes in reality that adrenaline was just blinding him to what the truth was. He doesn't know Castiel, he'd only seen what he had wanted, an angel, not a liar or a killer, he saw him as his way out. And now he can see Castiel's inner monster, the part of him that makes him such a convincing liar, and he knows life to him is a kind of possession. Unfortunately, it's a possession Dean can't afford to give away, not while Sam is in danger.
Dean pushes himself off of the car the moment he feels his dick begin to stir in his jeans and decides that locking himself in the Impala is probably the best thing he can do.
Pieces of car block his view and he vaults over the top of the hood of a car to reach the center of the yard and- "Cas!" Dean swallows down the panic that was choking him. "Thank fuck." He crouches over resting his hands on his knees with a gasp. "Christ Cas I thought-" It's only when he looks at Castiel properly, completely unharmed that something in his mind finally snaps, catching up and making the connection.
"Ew, dude I don't want to hear about your kinks!" Sam yells, putting both his hands over his ears and scrunching up his face in disgust. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Bobby make a U-turn and walk back upstairs -which at this point is probably for the best. Later Dean will most likely end up chasing around after Bobby anyway trying to explain why Sam had yelled that when they were sat alone in broad daylight. So he decides to deal with that
Deans search upstairs consists of small claw marks on the wallpaper in the bedroom, something that looks vaguely like rock dust coating the window sills and a very extensive collection of whips in the attic that he hopes to God haven't been used on people; but there's nothing that can be considered unnatural-
Blushing a little wouldn't have been a problem but instead, his face feels as if someone has suddenly turned on an internal heater, his skin instantly turning from white to a shade of ripe pink. If only the earth could open up and swallow him whole. But there is no rescue from his embarrassment.
Castiel searches the club since he has only seen one out of the five people he was meant to meet here. He quickly finds them as they make as much noise as possible while slurring around the stage attempting to dance in their drunken haze. His friends are giggling and stumbling with the ten girls surrounding them, each girl having g-strings with over a hundred dollars folded into them.
Until suddenly the pressure's gone and his body drops. Dean gasps for air, reaching out to clutch safety. He doesn't know if he's falling or has already hit the ground all he knows is his head is spinning and he can barely catch his breath.
Bobby reaches up to adjust his hat, frowning as he remembers the visit. "I asked, trust me, I was searching room by room but they all said you didn't have a brother and they didn't know who Sam was. I tried to search further but they kicked me out." Dean's stomach drops. His head instantly snaps to the angel, his mouth already forming the first syllables of panic but Castiel quickly interrupts him.
Standing, Dean walks into the kitchen. The lights are almost blinding and he has to squint to get his eyes to adjust. His headache hums behind his eyes. Bobby and Castiel are sat at the table, Bobby picking carelessly at the food in front of him and Castiel absently flicking through the book in his hand. Bobby glances up when he walks into the room, Castiel's eyes linger on the book pages.
The only time Castiel's gaze breaks is when Dean turns his head away and Castiel focuses on Bobby, turning to give him his full attention.
At this point, Dean feels the relief that had filled his body melt from inside him and boil into anger. This ball of light that claims to be an angel has asked for Deans help with something that could be damn near impossible and he won't do one thing for him in return?
He shoves his hands into his pockets, fiddling with the flask of holy oil stuffed inside and responds with, "Dean." She smiles brighter this time and leans more casually against the counter. The first time he meets a pretty girl his age and he's on the run from supernatural creatures with a limited amount of time before someone tries to shoot at the target on his back. It's only then that Dean realises he hadn't kept his head down enough as Cassie's eyes are practically glistening as she looks at him. Her head dips subtly every time Dean tries to cover his face with his cap. It's both flattering and frightening.
Zachariah scowls at one of the receptionists as she walks through the middle of them before answering. "Fire escape, it leads to the basement." He supplies with a glare and twist of lips as if anyone in such a place is beneath him -literally and socially. It boils Dean's blood, who does Zachariah think he is, just because he's been handed everything he wants on a silver spoon his entire life. Dean hasn't been handed anything in his life and he could probably do everything Zachariah does only ten times better. The only way Dean got what he wanted was by earning it, he bets Zachariah probably couldn't even throw a punch without his parent's help. Dean smirks at the thought which earns him a disapproving grunt from Zachariah before he turns and walks back over to Michael.
He pulls Dean with him as he marches towards the opposite end of the hallway, pushing Dean in front of him. "Wait- Cas!" Dean protests, desperately trying to pull his arm out of the angel's grasp. "What are you saying? I'm not leaving, Sam is here!" He shouts, finally pulling his arm from the angels iron grip. Castiel stops and reaches for Dean, putting his hand over his mouth and glancing around them with a look in his eye Dean has never seen there before.
After mere seconds of the helpers trying to persuade me to eat the rest of my food, I am taken to a brightly painted room consumed by scales and weight or dieting charts. The nurses poke and weigh my vessel, checking it's vital signs. They tell me what I already know, that my vessel is healthy, and direct me back to my room.
However, the man seems amused by it and his eyebrows raise as if to hide the slight smile curving the corners of his lips. "Yes, I'm the IT guy." He answers, closing the book and placing it down on the desk beside him. The guy crosses his arms over his chest and stares expectantly at Dean obviously waiting for him to elaborate. It takes Deans a few seconds to tear his eyes away from the way his shirt stretches around his arms before he clears his throat. "Okay...well, the power has been cut off on our floor and all of the doors are locked."
"Wait," Sam walks over to his laptop and pulls the screen open. "...I think I have an idea." Dean stands and watches over his shoulder.
Sam sends him a pointed look, clearly telling him to shut up and get on with it so Dean swallows down his anxiety and does as he's told. "Yeah, alright." He closes his eyes and sends a short 'prayer' to the angel.
Just as Castiel grasps the round glass Dean pulls it back taking Castiel with him so they are centimetres apart. "Don't worry about it," Dean smirks, licking his lips.
He flinches at the memories of his mother's voice and can't help the shiver that runs up his spine at the ghost touch of a hand on his arm.
"It was the witches, I didn't get there quick enough," Sam explains and Dean can see the instant guilt in his brother's eyes. Of course, Deans never going to blame Sam for this, its Deans fault but he doesn't think now's the time to play the blame-game.
His breath catches in his throat at the sight before him. Jimmy is practically cowering on the ground as Castiel holds his collar. He's speaking but Dean can't work out what he's saying. Everything happens in slow short bursts one second he's standing exposed in front of his best friend watching him scare the crap out of some random bartender and the next he's lying down on something warm and soft.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose to try and dispel the aching behind his eyes. Most people his age are dealing with how to figure out algebra but no he gets a weird obsession with a freaking angel to deal with. "Look Cas, I-" He pauses. "I don't know what to say."
Dean shifts uncomfortably as the thought of Cas brings back some very unwanted mental images of him stretched out on a king-sized bed. He curses as his libido stirs to life and immediately tries to replace the thought.
He quickly wipes his face with the bottom of his t-shirt and rushes into the next room. "What the hell is going on?" He asks, gesturing to his face. Both men look up at him, then at each other.
Bobby rubs up and down his back, helping him through his violent lurches. Tears stream down Dean's face with the effort to stop his retching and his body is frozen from the cold. It's only when his body is too frozen to produce any more bile that Bobby and Castiel help him to his feet and into the back seat in one solid movement.
The last place Dean want to be is near a hospital, especially one for a bunch of nutcases who are shouting about fairies. Dean sighs. As if the world could be any more ironic. He needs clothes and at least some form of food and warmth if he's going to survive the night or the rest of the week if Castiel isn't going to be around to help. He scans the outside of the building, listening for anyone who could potentially ruin his plan or cause him trouble. The place is practically dead except for a few moving shadows that occasionally pass by the windows, most likely nurses attending to their patient's. Stealthily he creeps forwards close to the ground to not draw attention to himself.
Castiel gently lowers Dean onto the grass, catching him when his legs give way and he staggers backwards. Dean's entire body feels paralysed. His limbs move as if some inexperienced person is controlling them remotely and his eyes are wide, looking directly, but not really. Dean flinches at every sound, every flicker of light as he tries to talk sense into himself.
"Cas, I have to compare myself to you. I'm gonna be fighting your brothers and sisters who have just as much experience as you. They'll be just as powerful as you and if I can't stop you when you're barely trying how am I gonna stop them?" The angel glances away with a sigh.
A thud comes from beside Castiel as he drops the lifeless body of his brother. His eyebrows draw together as he glares at the voice calling him.
Dean looks at Castiel's and he suddenly feels as if he's seeing the angel in a different light. The moment Dean gains control he becomes the threat and he can't expect to rely on Castiel to protect him. The responsibility will fall on his own shoulders.
Nausea swirls unrestrained in his empty stomach. His head swims with half-formed regrets. His heart feels as if his blood has become tar as it struggles to keep a steady beat. He doesn't dare to move, he doesn't even breathe, frozen to the spot. He doesn't want to ruin the moment and lose Castiel's eyes on his. He wants to obtain contact. Dean's heart pounds in his chest.
"What was that Cas?" He says smugly. Castiel rolls his eyes failing to conceal the smile on his lips. "Showoff." He retorts. Dean steps forwards the same smirk tracing his lips and a twinkle in his eyes. "You love it." Castiel grins to himself as they follow behind Sam, the feeling of Dean's hand warm on Castiel's back as they walk through the maze of countless rides. Castiel can't help but admire the way the colourful lights dance off of Sam's skin, his smile somehow brighter than the flashing lights as he finds the ride he was looking for. Sam points, his eyes widening with excitement. "Dean! Cas! Look!" He practically jumps at the sight of a gigantic Ferris wheel slowly spinning in the air above them. Castiel laughs as Sam almost runs towards the line waving for them to follow him.
Eight-thirty at night on the 23rd of January 1993, on a cold winter road somewhere between Kansas and Nebraska. That's the exact moment his parents died.
Sam lazily lifts his head from the hard pillow beneath him, grimacing when he feels the greasy tufts of his hair glued to his forehead from the sticky climate and the thin layer of sweat that has cemented his clothes to his skin. His head is starting to feel the effects of last night's beers by spawning a consistent throb behind his eyes and forging a hangover to remind him to not drink more than three beers within the course of an hour. Sam cringes at the thought of getting up, but eventually nature forces his hand by shining a thin stream of sunlight in his eyes so that no matter how much he tries to cover them he fails miserably. Reluctantly, Sam rolls off of his motel bed pushing back the curtains and spraying dust-spores around the humid room to open the window.
Castiel reaches the patio doors and unlocks them, stepping outside. The rush of wind leaves trails of goosebumps up his arms and he feels a slight dampness sink in through his slippers, regretting not putting on his shoes. He cautiously shuffles forwards watching the slight mist that has formed in the air from where the hot air has connected with the cold.
Jake nods towards the door, flipping his machete around in his hand and sliding it through his belt loop. "We better go unless you wanna explain the mass murder and decapitation?" Dean nods curtly and they all brokenly turn towards the door, stepping over body after body. "Thanks." Dean murmurs, rubbing his bruised ribs. Jake smiles and carefully claps Dean on the back. "Who needs an angel right?"
From the front of the house, he hears the pull and thud of the front door. He stunts the next shuddering breath, biting the inside of his cheek and wipes roughly at his eyes to scrub the tears from his face. It barely has any effect and Dean feels as if the tears are pressing against the back of his eyeballs. He picks his spoon up and shoves it into his mouth just in time for Bobby to walk into the living room.
Castiel levels himself with Dean, grabbing his shoulder. "Dean you're going to have to trust me." Dean barely has time to reply before Castiel picks him up and pushes his body out the window. Dean's entire body throws itself into shock as he screams, gripping tightly to the angel's arm and trying to pull himself back up. "Cas what the hell are you doing!" He shouts, clawing at the window ledge. The harsh wind pushes against his body trying to drag him down. However Castiel doesn't respond, instead, he grabs Dean's wrists, swinging him across the outside of the building. "Cas don't you d-"
"So you're a bartender," Castiel states noticing Dean's revealing outfit as he cleans from behind the bar. He has a leather black waistcoat buttoned up around his torso and some material jeans hanging loosely on his hips but yet clinging to his legs. Castiel stares at Dean's hips appreciating the way the lights deepen's the details on his toned body.
Castiel doesn't react to the hug and Dean doesn't expect him to. But somehow the angels stiff and confused body language is just as comforting. "Yes, I'm glad to see you too, Dean." He responds finally, lifting both himself and Dean up at the same time so that the younger boy is hanging off of Castiel's neck like a baby ape holding onto its mother. Dean huffs amused that Castiel seems completely unbothered by his clinginess.
He stands up and holds the picture out to Jo. Her eyes widen in surprise as she carefully takes it. Dean turns back around before she can say anything. "Think I got something." Bobby holds up a black book, the cover is thick and detailed with white writing, a few pages have been ripped out. "What is it?" Dean walks over.
They spent the next two weeks in the hospital, his mother loosely holding his hand as they walked down the narrow hallways and his father glancing at him with nothing but hatred in his dark brown eyes. Sam eventually recovered and Dean had never been so happy, he'd stood by his brother's side all day getting him whatever he wanted as the nurse made sure Sam's cast was secure on his knee.
"They didn't find what they were looking for. But we can." Dean stands presenting the piece of wood to the room. He turns to Jo and Ellen. "You're not gonna like this. But we're gonna have to go... down." Ellen visibly blanches. "You're trying to tell me you think my husband built a secret underground room in his study?"
In all honesty, Dean hasn't thought this through. He and Sam didn't get a chance to sleep last night because their latest case dragged them to Mississippi where all the witnesses had their mouths shut tighter than a nun in church about everything and everyone. The whole town had an unspoken agreement of see no evil hear no evil, which turned out to be an agreement they invented after the fourth person in their town died from unknown causes but in reality had just been the work of a witch cult. Luckily they got there before the witches could make it a fifth death, but it still didn't make staying up all night disposing of the bodies any easier.
, 'your angel'. Dean frowns. Since when was Castiel considered Dean's angel? "Anyway, I'll see you soon, yeah?" For a fraction of a second, the corners of Dean's mouth twitch upwards, until Ellen takes one last look at him and turns away. His smile drops again.
Three pairs of eyes glare at him pinning him to his chair. Dean knows what he did was a stupid move, a not so subtle act of jealousy. He can't even blame his powers for this he knew what was going to happen the moment the grace began thrumming through him. He had wanted it to happen and had hoped that the glass would explode in her hand, maybe even cut her perfect cheek. Dean bows his head just to avoid the weight of the gazes.
Without pause, Castiel pushes through another set of doors that swing open soundlessly and with ease. Instead of straight walls, the hallway has a curve, disappearing from sight in a hundred meters or so. It's almost suspiciously empty. Every few seconds they pass a different set of doors with a hand-sanitiser dispenser: to oncology, to geriatrics, to maternity, they bypass them all. Dean tries not to think too hard about the guilt building in his chest as they walk past the intensive care unit instead choosing to ignore it and head for psychiatry. He closes his eyes briefly wishing to say goodbye to Sam and making an oath to return.
Every so often her eyes would link with Castiel's and he soon finds it's her way of 'flirting' when she winks at him and moves so that she is within arm's length. "Hey, there honey." Kitty greets, her voice is smooth and light. "Hi," Castiel responds not showing much interest in talking to her. "Do you wanna go somewhere more private?" She asks, licking her lips whispering the last part.
Castiel glances at Sam and frowns. "We may need some time." Sam raises his eyebrows and swallows. "Oh... okay! Right-um-yeah," He stumbles over his feet to get out of the room as quickly as possible trying to get his brain to think about anything other than what will happen in the room after he leaves. Castiel watches the door close before turning back to Dean a spark of something malicious in his eyes.
Castiel sighs when Dean enters him. It was Dean and it felt good. When Dean is fully inside him, he wraps his legs around his waist and presses him in even further.
"Sorry." He mumbles. "Didn't go as planned." He forces his arms underneath him for the second time that day and plants his knees into the floor to sit himself up. The ground feels cushioned against his knees as he realises the grace is helping him.
"Oh yeah, great time!" He answers sarcastically. "Pretty sure I've greeted everyone twice including, you, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Lisa's parents and a number of people whose names and faces I don't remember." Sam laughs at Dean's bluntness, taking a sip from his beer as he turns to admire the church. "That's the beauty of a wedding Dean. Don't you remember how tired Bobby was on his and Ellens wedding day after Ellen had dragged him around the whole room non-stop?" Dean laughs at the memory of Bobby grumbling like an old dog at anyone who came within a foot of him the whole day. Of course, Bobby was happy on the inside, it was his wedding for christ sake, but his body just refused to show any other emotion other than grouchiness. "How could I forget?"
, Dean thinks bitterly. "Fine, whatever. Do you even have any leads on where she could be if things get bad?" He asks. The angel shakes his head guiltily to confirm what Dean already knew. "Okay well, I guess we'll start there then." Dean stands to go and get some more books and maybe a few more beers but Castiel's hand on his forearm stops him.
As he lifts his head blood seeps out from his nose and Dean cringes as it clots above his lip before slowly spilling over, leaving him with a bitter metallic taste in his mouth. Jesus that thing knocked the crap out of him. Dean spits out as much of the blood as he can before scanning the room. To the left of him is a medium sized table covered with a faded black sheet that has had a pentagram painted onto the middle of it. There's a revolting stench of rotting flesh hanging in the air like ash after a fire and Dean barely contains the urge to gag as it hits the back of his throat; he soon finds the source of the smell when he notices a lovely wreath of dead animals and blood strewn across the floor around him. Placed around him in wavering lines are at least thirty black at white candles, each carrying its own vague aroma that only succeeds in making it harder for Dean to breathe.
"You know.." He pauses, the dark smirk returning. "We could put these chains to good use. If you're into that sorta thing." Dean practically jumps back and scowls at the wolf. "Well, thanks for the offer but I don't swing that way." He remarks snarkily and slides his knife back into his belt before pulling his gun out from the back of his jeans, cocking the hammer and making sure it's loaded. He wouldn't want to seem unprofessional. "Only angels right? That's okay I don't judge. If anything I understand." A cocky chuckle comes from Dean. "Oh you do, do you?" He's got five bullets left, that's enough to kill the wolf and have a backup plan in case any others decide to show up.
Hannah visibly blanches, her mouth set in a hard line. "Castiel you must kill him! Heaven commands it, this is not a battle you can win." Castiel blinks and the two of them are thrown backwards, Hannah into a tree and Samandriel into the newly created bridge covering a part of the river. He feels his grace snap and contort inside of him, vibrating beneath Dean's armour. His lip draws back in a snarl and then he's in front of Hannah, towering over her.
He stands up straighter and leans towards Sam trying to get a full view of the room. Yeah a mirror, he can see himself in the corner of it and just below something staring back at him but he can't see it clearly, is that-
The angel stares forwards with laser focus. He doesn't raise a hand but Castiel's grace rolls out in waves and if Dean hadn't been staring back he would've missed the blue glow of Castiel's eyes. Dean frowns as he strains to force his grace further. He tries to imagine it as knives piercing the bubble around Castiel but the angel only seems to soften every spike that's sent his way. Dean's head spins and he drops his hand. He hunches over, panting, a cool sweat laying over his skin. Gulping at the air, every breath makes his lungs burn and his legs shake as a dizzy wave washes over him.
Mary had taken her eyes off the road for only a second just to try and stop the constant back and forth of Dean and John's arguing but that's all it took just a split second for everything to go to hell. Dean barely had time to scream before the car tipped, knocking him back and sideways.
Dean marches forwards. "No you don't get to tell me what I can't do, that's not how this works we had a deal, I fight, you save." Dean glares at Castiel. "I can't believe I fell for it again, what is this?" He gestures between the two of them. "Am I some sort of protection for you is that what it is, you fucked up so you're just hiding out until they decide to kill me?"
. He knows Sam wouldn't be able to make it with him, he's too young and his mom needs someone here with her. Dean clenches his jaw fear stabbing at him. If he's not here would John... The thought makes him recoil from the door. John won't treat Sam the same. He forcefully shakes his head to remove the thought from his mind and picks his pen back up flipping the notepad over he writes:
Castiel stands, nodding towards Bobby. "Goodnight." Bobby grunts back a "Night." Before turning back to his book, he wasn't going to last long before he passes out anyway.
Dean knows that when this is over and he, Sam and Cas are huddled around a table in some shabby bar with a beer in their hands, that they're all going to laugh about this and just mark it down as another case solved, but even with that domesticated thought in his head it doesn't stop his hands from moving faster and the frown on his face getting darker.
confident how about we make this more interesting?" He asks, his tongue darting out to wet his lips.
They're stood outside for so long that Dean doesn't even recognize that he's still shaking and very much still bleeding from his wounds until Bobby's suit jacket skims over his arms. He flinches at the contact and Bobby instantly pulls back. He looks at Dean properly for the first time since they've been reunited and the somewhat contented expression falls from his face to be replaced with something unbelievably guilty. "Dean..." He sighs, swallowing down his previous question as realisation dawn's on his face. "Where's Sam?"
Bobby kneels in front of him, forcing Dean to face him. The hand on his shoulder is like a weight grounding him, making him think straight and dulling the static that seems to plague him daily. Dean shudders out of a deep breath and tries his best to hold Bobby's gaze even if his eyes ache and his body is urging him to get up and find Castiel.
He squints into the dim lighting, chancing a quick glance back at Uriel before looking back. He leans back trying to look around the corner when a hand rises from behind one of the shelving units. He sighs in relief. Bobby. The hand waves and points towards him. Quickly he faces Uriel just in time as the angel turns around. "And the two of you can even keep in contact. That's what you want right?"
Sam frowns at Dean's hesitation and quickly pulls out one of the makeshift shivs they had made out of lead. Dean copies Sams actions and stands up to peer in through the window. The inside is like a living museum for the creepiest crap on earth. The walls look like they're made of paper and could crumble at any moment and Dean bets his best gun that, that's exactly what will happen when they go inside and start the fight. From what he can see its mostly just clutter- a lonely rocking chair with books and old dolls piled on top of it, pieces of scrunched up tissue and broken glass strewn across the floor as stray wires hang from the ceiling as if even they have given up on the house.
The wolf smirks flexing his hand with a satisfying click and rolling his shoulders. The movement sends a ripple down his body as if he was shaking his fur and making a show of the thick mane. "Answers Dean, I want answers." He growls.
The automatic doors stutter and beep as they walk inside. The inside of the gas station isn't much better than the outside. Dean glances around quickly assessing the people and exit. He's not being ambushed again. Keeping his head down, Dean follows behind Bobby. Bobby dutifully picks up the items they need, ticking off each item mentally as they move around the small store. When they reach the next to last aisle Bobby turns to him.
The pressure burns through Dean's arm shattering at least two of his four knuckles. He ignores the sharp pain shooting up his arm and lunges forward but immediately his actions are subdued as Castiel grabs his wrist and pulls him against his chest. Castiel's arms wrap around Dean in one smooth movement, holding him tightly with his chest pressed smoothly against Dean's back. "Stop." He orders. However, Dean ignores him and continues to struggle and try to tear himself out of Castiel's grip. Castiel almost succeeds in holding Dean, however, the hunter slips from his grip, his arms raising and placing a well-aimed elbow into the side of Castiel face. Stunned, Castiel grabs blindly to try and tame the hunter but again his agile movements are far too slow, only succeeding in letting the hunter escape.
Dean scoffs. "Compensation? What for?" The demon rolls his eyes leisurely. Dean can practically feel Castiel's presence burn beside him, as his grace sparks aggressively towards Crowley.
"We could call Cas?" Dean regrets the words as soon as he says them because now Sam is staring at him with his puppy dog eyes and an overly sympathetic frown. "Are you sure? After what happened.." Sam tries and fails to conceal his grin when he says that and yeah, Dean definitely regrets saying them. He barely refrains from snarling at his brother and crosses his arms across his chest. Apparently, Dean dying from embarrassment wasn't enough for Sam. "Yes, I'm sure and what'd you mean by 'after what happened' nothings going to change because of it." Sam ignores Deans glare and attempts to shrug nonchalantly but it ends up as more of an awkward twitch halfway through. Dean sighs, noticing the way Sam's hand squirms by his side as if he wants to pat Dean like some stray dog on the side of the road. "Do you want me to call him?"
Castiel frowns at him, hating the sincerity and familiarity that comes with his words. Dean prowls towards the angel, his eyes predatory as Castiel steps back with every step forward. Until inevitably, his back hits the wall and Dean is towering over him. "You know it's polite to say something nice back," Dean says in a hushed voice. His breath ghosting over Castiel's face.
All of them together reminds him of the photo they took a few years back, when the end of the world was hauling ass and coming straight for them, it may not have been the happiest moment in his life but its still one of his fondest memories- standing by the fireplace with Jo, Ellen, Bobby, Sam, Ca-
"I apologise that took so long." Mrs Stewart says, eyeing the three men sat in front of her. Sam wonders briefly whether this woman really is anything other than innocent, putting on mascara and lipstick to try and distract them, unfortunately, doesn't put her in a very trustworthy light. Sam forces a somewhat understanding expression onto his face and tries to watch her closely.
Dean jumps forwards, swallowing hard. The blood pumps loudly in his ears, his face heating up from the rush of liquid. A burst of adrenaline shooting through him, blinking rapidly as he pulls himself from his dream and tries to focus on the two figures stood in front of him. Both Bobby and Castiel are stood beside the open motel door watching him with frowns. Dean ducks his head as he feels his face go impossibly redder. "Erm, yeah..." He mumbles. "Yeah?" He says louder. "What is it?"
Sam shuts the motel door behind himself and walks towards the impala.  "I wanna see Bobby too," He says, fiddling with the room key. "But a straight trip to Sioux falls? We were kids the last time we did a trip that long, dad could have put us in the impala with a piece of lego for three days and we wouldn't have realised." Sam comments sarcastically. Dean frowns surprised at how reluctant Sam is to not make the trip to see Bobby. The man's basically their damn father, he should be more than happy to go. "Well Sam, if you're on your bestest behaviour I might just be kind enough to buy you your own piece of lego so we don't have to share." Dean grins at Sam as he rolls his eyes. Frankly, he's happy Bobby suggested not telling Sam until the last minute so his brother couldn't go all Samlock on him. Ever since his brother got a boner for Sherlock Holmes he thinks that he needs to examine everything within an inch of its life.
He knows for a fact with Castiel's height he doesn't have a direct view of Dean yet he's looking at him as if they were completely alone. Sam is practically invisible at this point in their relationship. This is always the type of anger he's afraid of especially when it comes to Castiel and Dean because it's like fire, it burns hot and fast spreading until eventually one of them gets burnt. This time it's Castiel.
When Dean had walked through the revolving doors of his office building this morning he had thought today would be a good day. He hadn't woken up late, he'd gotten a free coffee with his breakfast along with the number of some hot barista and he'd been on time with no traffic, what he hadn't thought would happen was for him to be disturbed by darkness during perhaps the first relaxing lunch he's had in over seven months.
Dean glances up from his bed and smiles. "I guess I can't complain." He says. "But if you could do something about how itchy this cast is, it'd be a real help Missouri." The nurse chuckles, flashing bright white teeth that contrast against her dark skin. She sets down the tray of food she was holding and holds out her hand. "Let me have a look." Dean extends his arm and lets her feel her way from his elbow to his fingertips, wincing as she touches his forearm. The light flickers. Dean watches it suspiciously, tensely grasping the bed sheets with his spare hand.
"Sam's in trouble? What the hell happened? And where the hell were you when we needed you?" Castiel turns his head away from both of them refusing to answer.
"Fuck," Dean sighs. "How long do you think until Sam finds us?" Castiel moans as Dean picks up the pace of his hips his head dropping forwards onto Deans shoulder. "Two minutes at most." He groans. Castiel tightens his grips around Deans waist forcing a loud moan out of the both of them. "So you better hurry the hell up."
He prays to whoever or whatever is classed as God, that Bobby will be able to find a cure for the curse so that he didn't drag his ass down to Sioux Falls for nothing.
whatever my grace became, it wasn't good. I don't wanna do that again." Castiel's head shakes slightly.
Castiel nods, glancing at the wall. "Yes." He walks forwards, almost carefully as if trying to avoid being cast away. Dean's brows furrow as he watches the angel make his way towards him. "Was it you?" The angel pauses and seems to understand what Dean is asking without him having to say it. "Yes, I tried to make your pain somewhat bearable. I thought seeing a glimpse of your heaven would put you at ease but once again it seems I was wrong. Your mind seemed to corrupt your heaven with your memories."
I see him every day. It used to just be a few times a week when I would wake up. Either he'd walk in or was already in the room. But now it's before, after and during the day. The dark blonde hair and vibrant green eyes appear in my mind at different points of the day and have become familiar.
Bobby frowns, turning into the parking lot. "I'm not surprised you don't remember, you only met them a couple of times when you were younger." As they pull up Dean glances at the large sign hanging over the entrance reading 'Harvelle's Roadhouse'. In the broad daylight, the sign looks dated and cheap with its Vegas-style design. The bar originally belonged to Bill Harvelle, a man Bobby met years before on a hunt. He met Ellen, Bill's wife after Bill had died and passed the bar on to her. How Bill died wasn't brought up. Jo, Ellen's daughter, and Dean had met at a young age when Bobby had brought him and Sam to the bar one day. He doesn't remember either of them no matter how many times Bobby describes them.
Dean breaks his gaze, preferring instead to rest his eyes on the ground, on the stray blades of grass. Then he speaks with the least amount of emotion he can muster. "But there's no way I will survive this without you." He looks back at him, face set like an adversary, eyes cold, muscles tense. "So I need your help. I need you to keep Sam safe. But after this,
He can feel Castiel's eyes on him again, tempting him to open his own and to steal his attention. He squeezes his eyes shut, keeping his fingers flexed trying to relax his body but he can feel the grace unsettle and being to flow freely again.
that now. The people who helped me get here did not believe I am sane enough to remember my own name and when they searched my vessel they found the name, Jimmy. Hence why I am referred to as 'Jimmy'.
He glances towards the light again. That means he's here, he's watching. Dean laughs weakly so unbelievably relieved and turns back to the nurse "I-" But she's already leaving, walking out of the door and away from him. What if Cas leaves too? "Wait! Wait!" He calls after her and pushes the tray out of his way so that he can stand up.
"No, no, no-nonono." Dean shakes his head furiously. "It's fucking Cas." Sam raises an eyebrow like he's about to retort but stops himself when he sees the look of genuine pain on Dean's face. "No way." Suddenly Dean's skin feels like it's on fire and he involuntarily gasps as his lungs squeeze tight with some kind of invisible pressure.
Castiel watches him cautiously, keeping his hand on Dean's chest as he slips his arm out of his trench coat before trading hands and repeating the action for the other arm. "Well, Cas can't you just...you know." Sam holds up two fingers to explain what he means but Castiel sighs. "I've told you, Sam, my grace cannot fix the curse it's not strong enough. Realistically you need a stronger angel to break it."
"Such a fucking disappointment," John mumbles it to himself barely even sparing the energy to sound angry. The silence is deafening between them, the rumble of the car and the wind rushing through the partially opened window the only thing reminding him he's not alone. The first tear rolls off the end of his nose and splatters onto his jeans. The teardrops fall, expanding and darkening on the cloth of his jeans. He doesn't bother to wipe away the tears. A shuddering breath leaves before he can stop it and tears stain his cheeks as he works his throat to hold back his sobs.
"So that's the plan? I hold her down and you stab her in the face!" Dean's surprised Sam's voice doesn't break along with the Impala's windows with how high he screeches.
Dean can still feel the snapping of his right shoulder as a result of a group of drunk men surrounding them in an alley. He can still hear the crunching of Sam's nose as one of the men throws his fat fist at Sam's face and he still remembers feeling so guilty that he could do nothing more than cry.
Slowly and reluctantly, Dean uncovers his face. He blinks, closes his eyes, and blinks again. Sitting up he drags his feet off the bed, rubbing his knuckles into his eyes. He glances up at Castiel with a frown, chewing on the inside of his cheek. There are so many unresolved problems between them he doesn't know where to start. Castiel's an angel, an unstoppable force, Dean can't exactly order him to tell him every detail of his whereabouts. Dean sighs stretching his arms above his head with a yawn. He steps off the bed and walks towards the bathroom. "Hey, Cas do you know if we have any bre-" Dean stops dead in his tracks. Wait.
Sam wipes the frown that has worked its way onto his face and replaces it with a set smile. "Okay so get this, a few years ago this boy, Luke Stewart, came on the tour with his family. They weren't anything special, not even locals, only visiting; and the boy got lost in the cave when an apparent 'figure' dragged him away from the tour." He nods towards the stack of rocks as they move forwards closer to the entrance.
"Wait -what the- are those holes?" Dean slides Sams phone back to him, zooming in on the victim's arm. "What? Holes? You think it was a vamp that did this?" Dean frowns and shakes his head.
Coloured spots in the corners of his vision began making him feel like his head was full of static and he heard a buzzing noise, filling his ears. Dean felt like he was there for hours, fading and waking and fading and waking. His agony was the only thing keeping him alive. It was the only thing he could feel anymore. He thought he was going to die. He should have died. But then came a blue flicker, the sound of sirens, police? No, not the police. He had struggled to free himself only to be rewarded with more pain until he once again passed out.
"What, the small box with carvings all over it? Yeah, looks a little suspicious." Sam stares thoughtfully at the box before scanning around behind him. "There's no way we can open that without drawing attention to ourselves. Maybe, come back later when the house is empty and break the box open?" Dean shrugs. They could wait but that means they might have to hang around until nightfall and he'd much rather be at Bobby's on his scratchy sofa with a cold beer in his hand.
He glares at the angel waiting for some kind of explanation until he's interrupted by a low sardonic laugh, one that only his unbelievably sarcastic and annoying little brother could make. Dean tries not to cringe as he turns to see his brother standing by the door with his arms crossed tightly over his chest. "What the hell were you thinking?" He asks stepping forwards and scowling at Dean.
Dean hums casually and pushes his drink over to her side. "You know I feel like I'd remember someone like you, you sure you're not just pretending to know me cause you want to impress me?" Jo scoffs, nodding her head towards the bar. "If you wanna know what a woman trying to impress a man looks like you better look over at your friend."
Bobby fiddles with the radio to fill their ears with one of John's tapes, the first riff of Blue Oyster Cult escaping the speakers. Dean's elbow rests on the door as his other arm rests beside him, feeling the thick leather of the seat. If he closes his eyes he can feel the gentle rise and fall of the road beneath him. An almost comforting feeling that could rock him to sleep if he let it.
Dean rolls his eyes and pulls Sams hands away from his ears, sitting back down in front of him. "Not moaning, like latin you know... chanting." Sam still looks weary but writes it down anyway. He studies the words that he's written occasionally glancing up at Dean before sighing. "Okay, so I guess Cas told you about what we're up against?"
At least this time Castiel has the decency to look ashamed as he plainly refuses to look Dean in the eye. "I'm sorry Dean." He glances at him for a second before looking away again. "I understand that I'm most likely the last person you want to see," Castiel's hands awkwardly pull at the sides of his trench coat as he talks, wringing them in his hands. "But I truly am sorry." Dean's heart clenches at the sight. How can someone who looks twice his age be so
Dean winces at the barely contained spite and glances once again at Cassie, she's collapsed, unconscious but he can see her breathing. He hopes he can stall long enough for Bobby to get Castiel or just escape the mess they've been put into. He has no doubt that Uriel will be able to sense Bobby he's just hoping his own presence is a big enough distraction.
