John nodded at the plate of biscuits she carried.  “Perfect!  Those will go great with our tea.”
-A/N:  A drabble for a hot summer day!  Feeling bad for how hot it is this year in Europe & in many areas.  I’m in Western Canada & it was so smoky the last 2 summers from forest fires you could hardly enjoy being outside.  This year, it’s been raining almost every day for two months, way harder than normal.  Luckily, it’s not enough to flood and it’s making everything grow like crazy.  No smoky air, but hard to plan BBQs & other summer stuff with so many thunderstorms.
Just then, Mrs. Hudson opened her door and bustled into the hallway, carrying some recycling for her bins.  She gave a hoot of surprise, seeing them on the steps.
John eased up, stroking him until the end, and letting go.  He straightened out the fingers of his other hand slowly, easing out.
Sherlock seemed to love going down on John the most though.  Loved that he could take him right to the base without choking or gagging, never having to worry about that.  John loved being able to fuck his mouth, relishing the tight wet heat of it.    Sherlock said he also liked bottoming, as it didn’t take much prep and John hit his prostrate perfectly.  But they didn’t do it that often.
He just hoped it would go that way.  The staff had worked hard the last few weeks, making the house and grounds look better than ever.  The guest list was scrutinized by Sally and Greg, having the best in attendance.  No potential clients tonight.  They had all done what they could to prepare.
“They have some British training bases there,” John said with a shrug.  “I learned how to treat hypothermia.  Saw some cases of it.”
Sherlock glanced at John, still in his serene, Courtesan persona, but John knew him well enough to see his nerves.  He took his hand, giving it a squeeze.  “It’s time, yes?”
Making up a couple large mugs of tea, John carried them out to the living room, and set them down on a table.  He shifted his own chair to be closer to the fire and moved the table to be beside it.  He passed one mug to Sherlock, who held it with both hands and took small sips, still staring moodily into the fire.
She went to the door, likely checking on the status of his transportation.
London is having its snowiest winter ever.  The city doesn’t have enough snow ploughs or other ways to keep up with it, and has asked the citizens to pitch in to keep the city functioning.  John has taken on the task of keeping the area in front of 221 Baker Street accessible, including Speedy’s, who supplies him with free coffee and cookies in gratitude.  Sherlock is, of course, scoffing at all this civil minded do goodness, and is grumbling every time he tries to get around London for his cases.
-Alhumbert Prize:  Pasteur won this prize in 1862 for “disproving the doctrine of spontaneous generation. Under the auspices of the French Academy of Sciences, his experiment demonstrated that in sterilized and sealed flasks, nothing ever developed; and, conversely, in sterilized but open flasks, microorganisms could grow.” (Wikipedia)
Sherlock felt like he had been punched, the attack affecting him more than he expected it to.  He took a few breaths, regrouping.  “So good, one of the most prominent widows of the country frequently requests my counsel.”
“Not so good, I’m afraid,” Russell said with a grimace.  “I’m sorry to disturb you at a party, but could you give me some medical assistance?”
“Feeling warmer now?” he asked, rolling his shoulders and curling his back into a stretch.  His stomach gave a bit of an empty grumble.  Time to make dinner.
A/N:  This isn't really a kink of mine, but it was brought up in a Johnlock Facebook group, and this fic idea popped out of that.  I can see John being such an attentive lover, using his hands, mouth and toys to blow his lovers' minds, that he still earns the 'Three Continents Watson' name.
They pulled back the covers, laying down, and turned to face each other.  John moved first, kissing Sherlock and pushing his hands into his hair.  It quickly became more intense than the other times they had kissed, and John pulled back, breathing fast already.  They had amazing chemistry and he didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock.  Take it too fast.
“It was the same for me, liking you more and more, the longer we lived and worked together...”
Sherlock eventually nodded in response to his father's query.  “There are many fascinating developments in science these days.  I have been able to replicate Pasteur’s experiment-“
Mycroft stood quickly, very angry now.  “You are refusing to help?  You?”  He paced away, and back again, agitated.  “I should have known better than to come to this glorified whorehouse.”  He waved a hand over the house and grounds.
Sherlock smirked up at him, very pleased at John’s reactions.  His experiment was going well so far.
She immediately shook her head.  “It’s why I’m standing here.  So I can see when he comes in, and signal to my staff.”
His mother was silver-haired also, with it swept into an elaborate updo.  She was slightly pudgy, sitting down gingerly on the seatee with her husband.  What struck John the most were her eyes, which matched Sherlock’s exactly.
Polite exchanges were bandied about as the tea was brought in and poured.  The tea was a comfort, but John could still sense Sherlock’s tension.  Unable to hold his hand now, he settled for discreetly pressing his leg along Sherlock’s.
“Certainly, sir,” she said, and waved Claire over to them.  “Miss Davenport will have your coat and carriage readied.  Please go with her.”
It was a little cooler and wetter from the ice, but Sherlock’s mouth was just as talented as ever, sucking him so deep John almost forgot his name.  “Fuck, fuck, fuck...,” he panted, arching upwards.  “That’s brilliant.  I’m so close, Sherlock.”
“Fuck...” John groaned, stretching out on the bed naked, not even covered with a sheet.  A fan was blowing over his body, but not helping much.
John thought for a while.  “You are probably right.  But think of it this way; you have the upper hand.”  He pulled back, looking into Sherlock’s beautiful eyes, seeing the pain and confusion in them.  “You can set the terms of the meeting.  Make him plead his case.  Decide if you choose to grant him this favour or not, or even ask for things you want in return.”
“Careful!” Sherlock admonished with a shudder, pulling off his gloves and working on the buttons of his coat.
John leaned in, squinting a bit.  “This is much better than ones we’ve tried before.”
This was the part John loved the most.  Small movements of his fist, pushing slightly deeper, pulling back, twisting, rocking.  Pressing firmly against his prostrate and hearing Sherlock’s grunt of pleasure.  Building up a rhythm.  The hardest part, working his hand inside, was done, and now it was playtime.  He soon learned what Sherlock liked best, and concentrated on that.
Sherlock blinked at him in surprise for a couple moments, but then rested his feet on the edge of John’s chair.  John lifted his outer leg slightly, and Sherlock shifted his feet forward.  Relaxing back into his chair, John could feel Sherlock’s feet under his thigh, a bit cold, a bit boney, but not that uncomfortable.  At least it shut him up.  John drifted off.
John pushed down the urge to refuse, not wanting to be pulled away from seeing what happened with Sherlock.  But the house doctor was away tonight.  “Oh, yes, of course,” he conceded.  He led Russell out of the ballroom, and into the resident doctor’s office.  “What seems to be the problem?”
At least the clinic had allowed the staff to dress casually and had fans and open windows.  John had worn a thin t-shirt and loose cotton shorts, not caring that it didn’t look that professional.  Sarah had worn a strappy sundress, her long hair up in a messy bun, and sandals.  She could hardly complain about the rest of the staff.
John stretched out beside Sherlock.  His breathing was back to normal, his eyes closed.  “Are you OK?”
It was a while before John returned to the ballroom.  He grabbed a glass of wine, and drank it fast.  The ball was still going on strong.
He nodded to both of them, turned on his heel, and departed.
They made their way back towards their wing, John’s arm slung along Sherlock’s lower back, their heads close together as he explained what had happened.  At the lab, Sherlock pulled out some clean glass slides, and they smeared tiny samples from the test tube on them.
Sherlock closed his eyes tight, and his mouth opened.  John felt his balls contract, and watched, when seconds later, the ejaculate spurted out, splattering across Sherlock’s upper chest.  The next few shots weren’t quite as powerful, but still quite copious.
Pouring some in his hand, Sherlock used it to prep John.  The sex was fast and a bit rough, intense.  But it left them both sweaty and satisfied, sharing lazy kisses as they got their breath back.
John was feeling a bit tired now, from the exercise and the warmth of the tea and the fire.  He shifted sideways in his chair, extending his warm, dry-socked feet towards the fire, and almost sighed at good it felt.  Now just to shut up his whining flatmate for a bit so he could have a nap before dinner.
He stripped down to his black boxer briefs, watching as Sherlock did the same.   He had seen much of Sherlock’s body over the years, treating him for injuries and when he traipsed around the flat in just a sheet.  But never like this, knowing soon he’d be allowed to really touch and explore him.
Sherlock opened his eyes about halfway.  “After that?  I will be OK for a month,” he purred with very naughty grin.
Her eyes widened at the question, more direct than most people would dare.  She straightened to her full height, her gaze unflinching.  “That is correct, sir.”  Her tone was stern, almost challenging.  A mama bear defending her cubs.
-Lydia Becker (1827-1890):   She was educated at home, like most girls of that time, and studied botany and astronomy in her 20s.  In 1862, she won an award for a scholarly paper on horticulture.  She was one of many female scientists who had frequent correspondence with Charles Darwin, and she sent him a copy of her 1864 book ‘Botany for Novices’.  “Becker had a particular interest in bisexual and hermaphroditic plants which, perhaps, offered her powerful 'natural' evidence of radical, alternative sexual and social order.”  In the fall of 1866, she went to a meeting where votes for women was discussed, and got involved in the early phases of the Suffragette movement.  She strongly believed that there should be the same education for girls as boys, and that widows and single women needed the vote as much (if not more) as married women.  Women over 30 got the vote in 1918, all people over 21 in 1928.  It was reduced to 18 years old in 1968. (Wikipedia)
Taking it as a good sign, John continued with small movements, playing around, seeing what Sherlock responded to the most.  He hadn’t done this with many people before, and it was Sherlock’s first time, so he was still learning what worked best.
“It’s never happened to me before,” Sherlock said.  “I think I’d like to clean up.  How about a shower?”
Sherlock got up.  “Yes, if you are comfortable with that,” he said, chuckling, and held out his hand to John.
“Would lying together on my bed be going too fast?” Sherlock said softly.
Eventually the kiss ended, and Sherlock buried his face against John’s neck, breathing fast.  John was not much better, sure that Sherlock could hear how hard his heart was thumping.  He felt wonderful, his whole body pressed up against Sherlock,  rubbing his hands up and down his back.
“I would say the experiment was a success, Doctor.  I feel truly warm everywhere,” Sherlock said in his wickedly sexy purr.
“Oh, um, are you... did you-“ John started, easing off and glancing downwards.
Lestrade was in his office, welcoming them despite the piles of papers on his desk.  They were soon all seated, glasses of the amber liquid in their hands.
Walking naked, hand in hand, to the shower with his boyfriend.  Knowing they would instinctively cuddle together all night, even though it was so hot.  Unable to stay away from each other.  A relationship that started during a heatwave, and was still sizzling hot.
“Making polite chit chat over tea and crumpets?”
Sherlock‘s eyes kept being drawn to his brother’s face.  Minutely cataloging every change.  Wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, at the edges of his mouth, his hair receding and much thinner on the top.  He moved a bit slower too, like his joints bothered him on rainy days.  His brother was middle-aged.
John knew this was it.  Ultimately, John knew Sherlock would be seeking a better connection with his family.  He just hoped that he would get it.  That he wouldn’t be cruelly rejected a third time by his haughty, judgmental brother.
Sherlock whirled around.  “Yes.  And you played a part in getting that Reform Act passed.  Are you as afraid of your work as Frankenstein was of his monster?”
An older couple shuffled into the room, and all three men rose to greet them.  John dropped Sherlock’s hand and took a step back.  Sherlock was the focus here.
Claire had effortlessly charmed Mycroft Holmes, and already had him smiling and chuckling as she led him to the buffet table.  He soon had a plateful of delicacies and a glass of fine champagne.  She introduced him to many of the guests, but John could see the man already knew many of the more influential ones.
“You know she holds influence over most the landed gentry,” Mycroft said, sitting beside him.
Please follow me on tumblr:
“Fine this time, but is it really worth the risk for the sake of fashion?” John huffed, his own frustration at his flatmate showing more than usual.
Sherlock stood before his brother, his posture straight.  Ready for more harsh words.  “So, you are leaving.”
“It is so strange to want to see how you are doing?” he replied silkily.
Sherlock smiled slowly, his Courtesan persona like an impenetrable wall.  “Only in certain circles,” he replied smoothly, taking a sip of his wine.
John’s heart was beating faster from stress and anticipation by the time they stopped in front of Mycroft Holmes.  Claire introduced the man to John, and smiled as she departed.
“No, no,” Mycroft quickly replied.  “But he lives here now, doesn’t he?  In the same wing as my brother?”
Knowing better than to expect an answer when Sherlock was like this, John went into the kitchen.  Soon, the soup was heating up and he was slicing cheese.
Along with the heat came an awareness.  They touched each other in passing, and longer when John was treating one of his injuries.  But this was different, longer.  Body against body.  Full contact.  Sherlock rarely has this with anyone.  Especially not John.  John...
After a few minutes of that, John curled his fingers towards his palm, making a firm fist.  “Can you feel that, Sherlock?  My whole hand inside you?  Do you want me to fuck you with it?”
His brother pressed his lips together, but gave no verbal answer.  But he might as well have screamed it.
-UK heat wave July 2019.  Breaking records:
John jabbed him hard in the stomach, and Sherlock jumped, chuckling.  “You know what I meant.”
John gave him back his stool, standing behind him as he peered down into the scope.  “You see the smaller round ones?  If you look closely, they almost look like donuts.  Those are the red blood cells.”
“No, no...,” John said quickly, and searched for the right words.  “If it was just the two of us, it would be easier.  But with Rosie...”
That got a look from Sherlock.  “When were you in Canada?  Why?”
“It must be your brother.  I’m coming with you this time.  If he’s making a scene in front of your guests, I’ll help Greg’s men drag him off the property.”
What’s more, putting any foodstuff inside your vagina can introduce microbes, disrupting its normal balance and allowing an environment for bacteria to grow and infections to develop.”  Probably a good idea for watching what you put up your butt too.
“Mmmmm hmmm,” Sherlock murmured.
“Oh, yeah,” he said awkwardly, looking at Sherlock with a bit of a sheepish grin. “Old habits.”
“Man, you look so good like this.  I can’t tell you how many times I fantasized about you over the years.  Trying to picture you having sex.  Trying to imagine you jerking off.  But it never looked as good as this,” John whispered, his mouth close to Sherlock’s ear, looking down his body at his large hand moving in a steady rhythm over that hard, beautiful cock.  One that he had sucked and fucked so many times.
A week later, Ophelia takes Jimmy up on his offer and tries the cocaine. She tries to tell herself it is so she can experience what Sherlock is going through, maybe find out what it is that is so noisy inside his head that he has to shut it up. In the first few seconds before her body reacts to the foreign substance, she makes up more than one excuse, but in truth, she is simply a lonely thirteen year old stuck in a big old house with no one to talk to most of the time but a pair of malicious ghosts and a strung out brother.
“Good thing at least one of us remembered the usefulness of thumbs,” John grumbles, carefully jiggling the knob. Finding it unlocked, he starts to push it open enough to peek through but the combined feline and canine forces push his fingers away from it as the Weres bound through. Victor gambols playfully, short tail wagging but Sherlock moves in cat time, making sure John is looking at him as softly tip-toes through what turns out to be an empty lobby.
“No, I can’t see the future. I can, however, learn about the past through means most people are unable to.”
John pads towards the huge pool, his feet making a hollow echo against the shiny tiles. Sophie stops her splashing in the shallow end to wave at him. Sherlock is standing up from the water opposite her, his fringe plastered to his forehead from where he’s just popped his head back up. Water streams down his face onto which is currently plastered his ‘deduction mask.’ John shakes his head, cutting his eyes towards Sophie. He really doesn’t want to have to tell Sherlock that he doesn’t want to talk about this.
John seriously wants to strangle him. Or kiss him. Either way is good.
The dog blinks up at him with blue eyes that are most certainly un-doglike and John can Feel the shapeshifter for what it is at the same time Sherlock bellows down their Link, :
John stares at the blinking cursor and frowns. If he writes about Douglas and Martin, Sherlock is going to accuse him of writing a
Sherlock stands up and grins, pecking John solidly on the mouth. With his usual dramatic flair, he announces to the empty kitchen as he saunters to the door to slip his shoes on, grabbing a set of keys off the hook on the wall,
John snaps the light off after taking a moment to appreciate the sight of those kids finally getting to spend time together. They are quite the motley lot, actually a real rainbow. Alfred shares his hair color with his sister, though his is almost white. Tobais’ red locks contrast sharply with Sophie’s ebony ones, and the both of them will grow up with curls like Martin’s and Sherlock’s.
Scotland Yard began allowing Sherlock back on cases again, but out of the twenty or so that Sherlock bothered to look at in the past year, it has only been in the last six months that he’s agreed to actually go out to the scene, instead of working on them from home.
John decides to give it one more try. He yanks the EVP meter out of his pocket, takes note that it is still dark and huffs, the sound loud in the empty house. Idly, he thinks about Sherlock then Ophelia. Sherlock’s had the odd habit the past three months of showing up wherever John happens to be. Sometimes his sister does, too. With the two of them, but mostly just Sherlock, John's found himself beginning to loke his job. He certainly enjoys writing out reports with more than three words in them.
(Yep, that eye fucking thing again. Good thing it doesn’t really produce orgasms…because the floor of the set of 221B would be flooded with…well,
John, Greg and Sophie are enjoying the little joke. Sophie pushes at Sherlock’s stomach and he moves his chair back so she can climb up on him, still frowning at the others.
to trace a line down his back and he shudders against them.
(If you get that one, let me know!)
Not really, though. Since Sherlock returned to them, and to him, John has noticed that his partner has changed in more ways than one. There are times when John sees Sherlock making an attempt to control his runaway mouth, because both of the crash sites could have been seriously worse for all involved. Sunday was the first time in a while where Sherlock let loose enough to flat-out rail at other investigators and crime scene techs.
Sherlock stares a little harder, desperately trying to deduce what is happening here but annoyed that his brain has turned to mush because, well,
He gestures dramatically towards the coffee table, eyebrows knitting together over his nose.
“Morning, Niece Sophie,” Martin opens his eyes and looks over to where she has snuggled up against his ribs.
“John, whatever it is, trust me, you are going to have a hard time shocking me.”
because while his thoughts distantly brush up against John’s, John’s mental channels are wide open, allowing Sherlock to Feel everything: so much that it is almost overwhelming: a veritable lightning storm of
Those words tumble over and over in John’s mind. He considers them from every angle, searching for the loopholes Sherlock is always so proud of jumping through; so far, there hasn’t been a single one. The detective said it, just like that,
“Martin?” he whispers.
The large sitting room of the Holmes ancestral home is elegantly decorated in tiny twinkling fairy lights, tasteful decorations involving real pine tree boughs and in the grate of the old stone fireplace, flames sway gently to a rhythm all their own. A trio of tall white candles rest on the hand-polished mantel, adding cheer to the calm, welcoming atmosphere.
“John, I…” Sherlock tries, eyes darting to where James has now crouched on the mattress above his head. The boy is on his knees, black eyes flashing with mischievous intent. The thickness of the tension in the old room is a pendulum over Sherlock’s head: he has a choice to make and it is now or never. He knows he must choose between telling John the truth and risk him walking away for good or lie and hope the truth never gets out. Even though John can’t see James right now, it doesn’t mean the ghost cannot communicate with the man nor does it mean John won’t always be unable to see him. The answer is clearly cut, then.
Martin watches him leave and turns to his family where he’s greeted by warm smiles and one sagely smirking consulting detective. He rubs his left hand over his right, still feeling the heat from the way Douglas’ big paw almost dwarfed his own.
because he’s got to know…the tall man is clambering down off the plane and Martin takes a deep, painful breath but it’s enough for him to raise his voice and he says, very plainly,
The fire from the downed airplane has long been put out, but the smell of burning fuel is thick in the air. The grass beneath the cordoned-off crime scene is burnt black. Everything happening here on the grounds today is simply too big to shut it all down for a single crash. Sadly, on the occasions when it does happen, there are many procedures in place to deal with it and still allow the public to continue to enjoy the show until after the investigation is carried out. John knows that to some, this may seem disrespectful to the downed pilot(s), but in reality, public safety is taken very seriously and a mass panic should be avoided at all costs.
Down the corridor, standing in front of his youngest brother’s room, palm with fingers splayed against the door, Sherlock doesn’t need to hear the actual words to get the gist of John and Douglas’ conversation. His lips quirk up a bit and he pushes open the door.
, he felt it wasn’t his place to start that conversation.
Sherlock Sends.
Victor hates that he lied to his husband about the money, but his business that occurred long before Grant came into his life is exactly that, his own. He knows they’re lying to him and he’s hoping that once they are paid off, they’ll be gone and that will be the last of it. Watching carefully until the detective and his side-kick are out of sight, he stops himself mid-thought; no, that’s no side-kick, Victor thinks. Just in the few moments he’s been observing them, he could clearly see two cogs in a well-oiled machine.
“Well,” Douglas drawls, “when I’m in my uniform, I am all Sky God.” He winks playfully.
“Mmmmm……I’ve always heard em and ems melt in your mouth not in your hand, wanna come over here so I can find out for myself?” With that he smacks his lips and then licks them like the coyote used to do in those
he thinks as he flips on the lamp next to his chair. “Before that, though, would you mind if we grab a bite first?”
In their suite, Sherlock is irritated and pacing, his hands roving through his hair until he’s got the curls so badly mussed it seems like each strand is screaming out its own annoyance. He is still wearing his sweaty purple shirt and his fringe is plastered to his forehead. John can see that everything about the case (that really isn’t their business in the first place) is wrong by watching the way his partner moves.
“John, I was wrong. I didn’t find out until after the fact that Victor enlisted into the Royal Navy because he wanted to be as far from London as he could get. I wrote him a letter a year later and it was returned to me, unopened. I deserved that, though, you see…” he paces between the sofa and his bedroom, absently pulling on his robe, tying the sash with trembling fingers. “I…actually, I want to say that I didn’t know, but I did. I knew full well what my silence cost. I’ve regretted it since and that one letter was the only time I attempted to make things right.”
Sherrinford crosses the hangar in six strides to stop beside them. Martin joins them from around the front of the plane.
“Well, here we are, two twenty one Baker Street.”
John stands up and goes around to where Sherlock is sitting. He pokes him on the shoulder. Sherlock finally looks up, his eyes practically crossing from the effort. John sighs and pulls a neat leather case of out of the pocket of his light-blue shirt. He holds the case out for Sherlock who reaches into it with two fingers and withdraws a neat pair of frameless eyeglasses.
The bench vibrates beneath him as Sherlock unfolds. There really is no other way to describe it; John saw an octopus in an aquarium once and the thing had moved in a similar fashion: each tentacle slowly shooting out from its body, still keeping the rest of them tucked in to protect its soft underparts.
When John looks down, the only thing he can see on the pillow is a messy mop of curls. The state he’s in right now, however, he doesn’t trust himself to touch.
“Great idea.” John agrees.
“Actually, I just wanted to thank you,” Victor states sincerely, his voice dropping to its normal tone. He gracefully pulls his legs down off the arm of the sofa and stands, adjusting his shirt and trousers as he does so. “Somehow Mycroft managed to get me reinstated, so I can have my life back.”
of them take what they’ve paid for. I know what is happening here, I’ve heard enough to comprehend. Some of them grow angrier still, especially when they turn on the lightbulb over the bed and look at me.
“Yes.” Sherrinford nods in the man’s direction then gestures towards the plane. He almost has to elbow his younger brother out of the way but at the last second, Sherlock moves over about half a foot. Sherrinford doesn't seem to find it strange.
Everything started spinning and the next thing I knew, I was leaning forward and blubbering against him. He moved me and I found myself in the arms of someone a bit smaller but certainly broader across the chest. I couldn’t stop crying and I felt like such a baby but there was just this…this
John touches me as if attempting to reach below the layers of my skin to heal all the wounds to be found there. Some are less open than others, but I will say that it would be worth hundreds of wounds in order to be so well known to him. I would open myself up and let him see inside if that is what it would take to satisfy him.
“Oh!” Sherlock shouts, his face doing the orgasmic-o thing. He spins and disappears.
“We did,” John agrees, staring at Anya’s pale features and thin body made even smaller by the heavy blanket draped over her. He sniffs and raises his head up a little.
“Would you like to sit down, Mr…” Lestrade trails off, stuck awkwardly holding a plastic chair out to the man.
“That’s it?” Sherlock spits venomously, though any edge to it is lost in the worn fabric covering the pillow now scrunched up within an inch of its life. Tiny pieces of feathers poke through at the edge of it.
“Sherlock.” John knows better, but he also trusts his partner.
“Sherlock,” he says again, his voice much softer than normal. Ophelia flashes her best Cheshire Cat grin at him and winks before fading out, though the happy expression is almost ruined by the tears falling down her cheeks.
Douglas leaves the shack and climbs back into the golf cart. As he reaches to turn the ignition key, something shifts beside him. He starts the machine and turns to the man who has sat down in the passenger seat. Before he has time to register what he’s seeing, the man slugs him and he slumps forward, his forehead landing on the padded middle of the steering wheel.
The only thing that stops Sherlock from hitting him is Lestrade’s own big hand wrapped around an even bigger fist.
Sherlock looks at Victor’s hand, then back at his muscular chest and swallows, his throat suddenly gone dry. He tilts his head to the side, considering and finally holds out his own hand. Victor grabs it and pumps it vigorously, an action that causes the flaccid member between his legs to bounce in time.
“If you don’t stop, I’m going to teach you to march.” John mutters, covering his eyes with his hand. As annoying as the pacing is, he has to admire Sherlock’s cadence.
“Was she dehydrated? Do you think she suffered starvation?”
to pop his rear end down on the sofa rather than an
Sherlock removes his hand then rests his cheek against John’s belly, against the soft cotton tee he’s got on beneath his wide-open button down.
He’s not going to get much of an answer, though. Sherlock only looks at him and says, “John.”
The man regards them and John truly believes that they’ve finally barked up the wrong tree. Neither he nor Sherlock speaks; John can’t take his eyes off the big man.
It is dimmer up here, John notes as he walks into a large, open room that is mostly empty except for some abandoned desks and chairs. A decrepit copy machine stands guard in the corner, the top covered with yellowed sheets of paper and what appears to be a very large pile of droppings of some sort. Sherlock growls deep in his throat, effectively silencing the purring. Even Victor is quieter now, sniffing here and there but not Saying anything. Finally, the Dog goes still and sits down in front of a doorway at the end of the room. Most likely the office of whomever was in charge here before the business went bust.
frae morning sun till dine;
“Ophelia?” he asks, blinking, chin balanced on his knees. His dazed expression takes ten years from his face and she can’t help but rest her palm against his cheek. He tries to look up at her and winces from the crook in his neck and quickly reaching up to grasp it lightly with his fingers. She’s almost fully corporeal at this hour.
, however.”
“Sally, stop. Will you? Just stop?” John has had about enough of her sharp claws raking into his arms. Her eyes snap to his and she lets out a long breath.
John is carefully mulling on how to bring up what happened last night, picking through a thousand ways to open the conversation in a private part of his mind, at least until Sherlock suddenly freezes beside him, body tense, expression alert. The detective cocks his head at an angle, his eyes on the sky.
“Little Cinnabar!” Sherrinford shouts, pounding Martin’s back with his hand. “I heard through the grapevine you might be here! Can’t believe these two fools didn’t bring you to see me!” He is speaking to Sherlock and Mycroft, but he’s only got eyes for Martin. “Step back, let me look at you.”
“Ah, Ophelia, he’s in a state of bliss. I’ll bet he’d talk to you if you were able to get on the same plane he’s on.” The boy smirks, his brown eyes dark and filled with malice. He reaches up and smooths his black hair into place from where it has fallen sloppily over one eye then fiddles with the buttons on his pristine white shirt.
Alright! I’ve finished my popcorn and I’m ready to relax and read for a bit for sleeping and starting all over tomorrow. I can’t wait to see what happens when House finds Sherlock deleting the porn files on his computer! >wink wink< )
John raises Sherlock’s chin with his fingers so that they can see each other.
“Yes.” Sherlock states plainly; for the first time in a long while honest.
“ ‘ts not your car, Sherlock,” John admonishes, unlocking the door and starting up the steps. “Since it’s after seven, you want to do a takeaway?”
“No, Janey, I don’t think it is such a good idea…” Ophelia starts to back out of the doorway, but Jimmy bobs up right behind her, his mouth close to her ear.
He queries, doing his best to answer everything she didn’t say and leaving it somewhat ambiguous on the off chance he’s wrong.
Sherlock’s command comes through loud and clear; this time John flattens himself against the walkway. The bird makes a second pass and he can almost feel the press of the bird as it flies over him. Above his head from where he is prone, he can clearly make out the swish of Sherlock’s coat as it’s dropped unceremoniously over him, like a blanket or a suit of armor, he doesn’t really take the time to contemplate. He keeps his head down, though, because the bird—an Osprey, he recognizes—is now on its third return trip and it is getting closer to sinking four-inch talons into his back. Doing his best to avoid being impaled, he flips to his side and scoots into a crouch, back bowed, hands on his head as would best protect him with or without the Belstaff.
It turns out to be a fine afternoon to watch more of the air show. The sky above is clear blue and the day is not as humid as the last two have been. The adults sit at the shaded table while Sophie alternately lap hops and dances around them making airplane noises. She’s somehow acquired a little red bi-plane to go along with her Stealth and she’s actively engaged in staging a strange type of dogfight that involves blowing raspberries and giggling to herself.
“I was watching your performance before everything went belly up, and when you were standing out there with your eyes closed and your arms out, all I could think was ‘that’s someone I’d really like to get to know,’ and I can tell you it’s never quite happened for me like that before, either.” Douglas’ voice softens a bit at the end.
“A plane?” Martin asks, his eyes as wide as saucers.
“You’re always saying I should get out more…” Sherlock’s voice abruptly stops, the jocular mood between them instantly drying up into something serious. He curls long fingers around John’s bicep to still him, then points at the steps. “Someone’s up there.”
(No I did not get the dictionary out.)
I know? The horror, right? Yep!)
Mycroft does not miss the fact that it takes his exhausted mind a couple of minutes to recognize the strength of the word ‘him’ in Sherlock’s Mindspeech. Since he’s in his avian form, he can’t exactly frown; on the other hand, there’s no doubt Sherlock comprehends the implications of Mycroft’s slight hesitation.
“That, John, is an excellent question.” Sherlock gently returns the book to its former resting place and grasps John’s shoulder. “How long has it been since you moved from up here? Never mind, I’d say at least…” here he reaches out with his index finger, running it through the layer of dust on the window sill. “…three months. And you haven’t cleaned up here?” Sharp eyes scan the interior of the room, seeing the minutia that John can only aspire to. Spinning on the balls of his feet, he drops his gaze to Mrs. Hudson’s face as she clasps her hands tightly together.
“I can think of only two things, really,” John allows, forcing himself to keeps his hands to himself and
Martha Hudson sits alone in her kitchen, savoring the flavor of her favorite tea as well as the mellow sunshine meekly filtering in through the hand-sewn curtain that covers the window. She’s feeling a bit off kilter this morning given the rather peculiar events of the last three days. Martha exhales and laughs at herself a bit. As if life that revolves around the crazy boy who ensured Charles’ execution could ever be any other way, honestly!
A rumpled copper with a cigarette in his mouth is leaning against one of the walls. John can just make out a glint of silver in a headful of hair that looks as if it’s been a while since it had a date with a comb. The man is mostly in shadow but John can that he’s holding what is presumably a coffee cup in his hands. John observes him a little more closely as he shifts on his feet and thinks that maybe the copper should be mainlining the stuff when he turns his eyes in John’s direction. He looks so exhausted that even if he did, he’d probably only look tired.
Sally is rushing towards them, holding up her phone. “I just received a call…” she starts, then looks around. Realizing that everyone is heading in the direction she was just given instructions to go in, she shuts up and follows. Sherlock and John never stopped.
are! You’re the guy who was nosing through yesterday’s crash site, too! Maybe you ought to stick around, I’m sure someone’s gonna have questions for you.”
What expression John can see in the heavy shadows appears to be anything but alarmed, even entertained. John realizes he’s still touching the plane and pulls back as if he’s just been caught filching his dad’s tools or with his hand down his own trousers.
“Well, I know he’s a sexist bigot with a God complex, and generally I say live and let live, but you know, House, you are really getting on my last nerve today. Your friend is missing, for God’s sake!” John pushes himself out of the chair in order to stand rigid, hands balled in fists at his sides.
For a second their eyes meet and Ophelia smiles. After grinning back, Sherlock returns his attention on the road, fighting himself against counting the lines on the pavement as the car passes over them. After the usual amount of time, he turns into the long driveway leading up to what was once a beautifully appointed country home but is now beginning to look its age, as it is desperate need of a fresh coat of paint or twenty and more than a little bit of fixing up. The light nearest the front door is broken, its bulb hanging by a single wire and swaying in the scant night breeze.
“Actually, to be honest, I’m not entirely sure. Though we were married two years, Ellie was a very independent woman. I was active duty during the majority of those two years; she was alone most of the time, often for months. She was an amazing person, truly, taking care of everything while I was gone—the house, the finances…just, everything. Then she was just gone…” Victor’s deep voice goes soft and he idly picks at a random thread on his tailored chinos.
In the bedroom downstairs, the great detective himself is prone on his bed, limbs relaxed, with his eyes closed, his mind is fully aware. He listens closely to the soft squeaks of John’s mattress as he gets comfortable in his bed; when he is satisfied his new flatmate is asleep, he Reaches deep inside himself and changes into his Were form.
Without hearing him move, especially after listening to him mutter darkly to himself, suddenly Sherlock is right beside John, offering him a hand up. John nods sharply and accepts the help. With the other hand, Sherlock hands him the EVP machine. The little screen shines like a tiny sun, all lit up red and orange. He glares at it before realizing that Sherlock is moving towards the street.
The very idea that he would never cross this threshold again, except as a ghost or a sad, desperate, lonely man…well, that isn’t even worth the effort to contemplate at this point, now is it?
Sherlock has dropped into one of the chairs at the only table in the place, his legs wide open and head thrown back. His coat is pulled back enough that there’s absolutely no doubt left as to how he’s feeling at the moment. John thanks his lucky stars that no one else has walked in since they’ve been here. Sherlock’s hand is moving in a straight line to his crotch and there’s no way John’s going to get thrown out of yet another restaurant. Besides, they make the best bean buns at this one.
doesn’t want to think about. How he hates flying. There aren’t even any interesting passengers on board to keep Sherlock’s mind busy.
Before he gets anything else, the device in John’s pocket vibrates. He tugs it out and stares at the multitude of wild red, orange and yellow spikes all over the place. John steps back into the kitchen and presses the button on the blue tooth in his ear.
Mycroft pauses, patiently waiting for an answer; when nothing is forthcoming, he adds, “Sherlock, I wonder if you know that cats are considered to be the one animal to domesticate itself. What is so very interesting about this is that the progenitor of the moggie, the wild cats of Africa and the Middle East
creatures in the room. Hate to break it to you two, but I am the narrator!) John smiles and pokes Sherlock in the kidney and the smarmy git gives me one of those
Thankful for the hot tea, even at this hour, John busies himself making a cup while Mike and Dale discuss John’s report. When he was starting to feel like he could fall asleep right there, an odd silence falls and he blinks his eyes, his mind registering that the other two men are staring at him.
Second Fact: Sherlock is getting the distinct impression that if he were to push just a bit harder, he might be able to get John to break down and tell him
for auld lang syne,
“Mr. Holmes?” A voice calls out from the little door.
honey,” Sherlock growls in House’s direction.
Because that’s it, isn’t it? He’s not really alone anymore, even with this block of their Link—and he hopes to whichever deities are currently paying him any mind at this moment that have the sense enough to keep John well away from whoever this giant fool of a revengeful shapeshifter is, because he knows he won’t stop at a single punch. After a few minutes, he’s able to better compartmentalize his emotions and gets control. He pats at his jeans pockets and tugs out his mobile. Irritated that no signal is coming through when he pushes the button, John crosses the room and starts to open the door only to discover that it is locked.
An exasperated sigh is answer enough.
while he fixes up three mugs of tea, John returns to the sitting room to find Sherlock once-again sprawled in his chair, thank God he’s still wearing his coat because good lord, John is not
We’re all quiet for a few moments, but I know they’re going to ask me more; even if they already know, they’re going to ask. I take a deep breath and lean against the warmth of Mrs. Hudson.
This time, Barkley’s eyes widen as he raises the bat over his head in both hands and steps forward. John pushes himself up on his hands so that he scoots his behind across the desk. He misjudges it slightly, because instead of stopping on the edge, he actually winds up in the floor. Now there’s really nowhere to go, nothing but a wall. Except in that wall appears to be another door. John scoots as fast as he can across the short distance to put his back to it. Instinctively, he turns away from Barkley, who has come around the side of the desk now and is advancing again, the bat at the ready.
John pulls the long, black thread-like thing as gently as he can under the circumstances. Mr. Thompson is beginning to sputter and cough around it until finally John is holding a sopping wet pile of
Victor shrugs and scratches at the back of his neck. “You’re interesting. What can I say?”
Eyes blazing, Sherlock is grinning lopsidedly, his mussed hair hanging in a viciously kinky curtain over his forehead. His cheeks are smudged with dirt, and is that blood? John leans closer by way of tip toeing, using the pad of his index finger to trace the thin line beneath Sherlock’s right eye.
He barely feels the fingers on his head as a soft foam cervical collar is snapped in place around his neck. He doesn’t respond to any of the people talking to him now, because he can’t take his eyes off the man with the curly black hair so much like his own. There’s no way he’s seeing this, not here, not now…maybe he hit his head harder than he thought but then someone is taking that man away and the voices get louder…Martin’s got to stop them
Both of them pull up short in order to stare at the rather huge, bulging man standing in the middle of a pile of glass from the back door window. He raises an axe one more time, massive biceps straining against the weight of what is obviously an antique tool and smashes through what was left of the window frame. With this hit, the old door cracks down the middle, staying together enough to remain on its hinges.
Greg jogs over to the group, taking in the worried expressions on the faces of the four staff members and the murderous one on Sherlock's face. Greg wordlessly points at the door of John’s room.
“Sherrinford, I am not talking about Thomas,” Mycroft underscores his point by placing his wineglass on the mantel a little rougher than he’d intended. He’s so intent on correcting his elder brother that when a drop splashes onto his hand, he licks it off without thinking.
Sherlock twists himself around until his lips are barely brushing a very hot, thoroughly into the proceeding part of John’s body.
(Wink. Wink.)
“Oh, no, don’t you worry. You’re already half to being done, anyway. Shutting you up now is pretty much a waste of my time.” The man grimaces wickedly, “And come to think of it, yours too, or at least what you have left, that is.”
“Oh, Billy, you look like the Penguin.” I tell him with a (mostly) straight face.
“Thought you might be out lobster fishing in the ocean.” John says.
“That wasn’t a landing, John, it was a crash.” Martin corrects.
“I tried to calm her, Sherlock, but she is really concerned about her nephew. Apparently he went AWOL from his ship over a month ago, I can’t imagine the trouble he’s going to land in, once they find him…” John is fully aware he’s babbling but cannot seem to stop it.
“John, what about the EVPs?” Stamford asks again.
“Mr. Holmes?” The woman asks the room at large.
“Sure,” John answers, glad to be anywhere that the detective is. He’s missing Sophie, too, though, and reminds himself that they are supposed to be on holiday.
John fights against the rising tide of desire threatening to drag him under and drown him; he tries to remind himself that it right now it’s inappropriate and that Sherlock has not agreed to anything yet…because he knows, beyond the shadow of a doubt, what the next step in their relationship is going to be…once they make that Bond, there will be no going back, at least for him. And right now? Answering that question would be entirely too easy; he won’t, though, not until he is absolutely certain that Sherlock is ready—hell, wants to even take that next step. There’s a strong feeling of hope there, edged with some fantastically imaginative pictures of what it would be like if and when it finally happens.
Sherlock and John lock eyes when Sherlock whispers, both of them holding back snorts at the irritation and something that could be surprise in Mycroft’s voice.
For the first time since they started testing all of this out, Sherlock Receives them, and though they are a bit weak, only pale imitations of the real thing, he takes their meaning and pushes Victor down onto his back. He swings his leg over Victor, effectively straddling him so that they can grind against each other.
“What?” he asks uselessly as Sherlock reaches out to help him off the floor. Once he’s back on his feet, he’s able to look more closely at his best friend.
Sherlock frowns and John’s eyebrows fly up towards his hairline. In all the time they’ve been flatmates and friends and now
Sherlock stares, only slightly miffed because a small child with ten perfectly teeny toes just did what he hasn’t ever been able to do: scare the shit of John.
“Well, hello!” chirps Mrs. Hudson as she steps though the adjacent door as if she wasn’t in the same room with them five minutes ago. “You must be Martin! Are you the wingwalker from earlier today? I thought there was something familiar about you!”
John turns his head, his ears having caught the slightest rustle of material, and finds Sherlock standing beside him, back against the wall, head down, and hands shoved down in his pockets, looking every bit as if he’s been waiting for John for hours rather than a few minutes.
Ophelia giggles. “God, no one is that dense. Definitely not you.” She turns her head to the side to regard him with a shrewd expression beyond her years then grins. “Watt-son and Holmes sittin’ in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g!” she sings.
“Absolutely.” John agrees. He pats Sherlock’s shoulder and follows Wilson from the office, secretly hoping that House and Sherlock do not suddenly begin World War Three in the meantime...
Sherlock. Not really, you know, but figuratively.
John smiles softly, the movement of his lips drawing Douglas’ attention away from the hot beverages.
But Sherlock isn’t asleep, he’s merely shut himself down in order to listen to every breath being drawn through John’s chest.
“I need to think about it, that’s all.” Sherlock waves his other hand in the air.
Sherlock buries his nose against the side of John’s neck then wraps himself around him—octopus style. John can’t move, though the clammy feel of Sherlock’s bare torso against his own is more than a little disconcerting.
. That is my life now, a tapestry with useless, muddy-colored threads surely no one would miss if it was balled up and thrown out with the rubbish. I want to cry. Somehow Thomas must understand this because he whispers things to me and I want to thank him for the kindness, but if I make noise now I will never stop. I would scream until they have to shoot me.
“You are a cruel man, Sherlock Holmes,” John says as he grudgingly pushes their bodies apart.
“Be right back,” Sherlock rumbles quietly.
“How do you do it?” John asks Sherlock.
“You want to know why, John?” Miriam asks as she takes all four feet ten inches of her bony self from the big man in the floor. She stands and adjusts her shapeless dress.
Sherlock, completely naked, is stretched out the bed on his belly, facing the doorway with his chin propped on his hands. As if John had been gone for hours instead of minutes, Sherlock purrs, “Hello, John.”
Douglas clears his throat. Martin seems understanding, but…well, better get this out of the way before things go any farther between them.
If there were ever two mis-matched friends, it’s these two. Joseph is a big man with broad shoulders and a round face and these enormous brown eyes. He’s got nicely chiseled features that are only slightly marred by a long, puckered scar along the side of his face. Today he’s wearing borrowed trousers and shoes and he grins at me beneath a trilby that somehow doesn’t look so out-of-place on his head. I notice he’s even managed to tame that wild head of curly hair he’s got, as well. He actually looks really nice today.
Sherlock has no idea how to respond. How is it possible to receive adoration when he was expecting anger?
John lets her go, shakes his head and leans against the wall. He crosses his arms over his chest and points his chin in House’s direction. “House, put it away. You do have a job to do.”
From the doorway, three men whistle. John contemplates finding the security cameras and emailing himself and Mycroft a copy of that fight. Wilson contemplates selling hotdogs and popcorn and wonders how many people they could sell tickets to so they might view such a spectacular sights.
Toby nods.
Sherlock does a quick count in his head, making a mental map of where everyone in their rather unorganized ‘search party’ happens to be at the moment. He also valiantly tries hard not to consider those particular items on a particular list that he’s particularly kept hidden from himself for a particularly long time—well, those things that happened to John and himself whilst he was
“He’s also been convicted of several other ‘blue collar’ crimes,” Mycroft adds, “Though most important to us is what he’d been planning on doing with those plans.”
“Oh, darling,” the woman purrs, “I know you like ‘em smart, since you are a kind of what is it? Dumb? Yourself? Yes.” She holds the last sound of her word, the hiss snaking through the room as she reaches out towards his shoulder.
Beneath him, Sherlock sighs and rolls his hips, a teasing movement that threatens to send John right over the edge. Growling, he captures the detective’s lips in his own, coaxing them open. Sherlock pulls back some and John stops for a moment to just
“That’s two words, Douglas.” Martin laughs.
Point made.
Sherlock makes an attempt to stare him down, green eyes flashing beneath a mop of frizzy curls as he pulls on his coat then sulkily shoves his hands into the pockets.
John cocks an eyebrow at his detective, a bit of a smile touches his lips and he grasps Sherlock’s hand. “You kept him informed?”
“It seemed he was always finding me, no matter where I hid…no matter where I happened to be: the Library, the park, he even caught me at the train station once five minutes after I’d arrived back from visiting my grandparents. He always seemed to know where I was and when I’d be there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever,” Sherlock waves a hand in the air between them. “If this is what I think it is, John, someone will obviously be missing.”
John joins him, taking an old painting affixed to the wall on hinges. It’s been swung aside so that John can easily make out a wall safe with a broken lock. It, too, hangs open wide, empty. He backs up a few feet, estimating that where he’s standing now is where a large desk would have been, probably wooden due to the lingering dust on the floor that he’s trod through.
John studies the tracks for a moment. There are at least three sets as far as he can tell. Two large sets, such as adult males or females with particularly large feet, and a much smaller set. A child? He inhales, but before he gets a word out, Sherlock’s rumbly baritone breaks through the silence of the house from the other side of the room.
Sherlock huffs, “The universe is rarely so lazy.” He starts to pace back and forth in front of the bars.
“How was your day?” he rumbles.
“Hello Martin,” Sherlock says calmly as the younger man flinches at the scrape of hinges then blinks at him.
command telling him to move, to do something he’s never actually done before. Granted, he’s studied the methods, but…well, there’s no time like the present.
. She laughs a little to herself, thinking that when she was younger that term certainly carried a whole different meaning.
“He’s the real thing, John, a bona fide psychic. Look him up. I’ll go out with Dale tomorrow if you don’t mind holding down the fort?”
“Have you simply asked your husband about the money?” Sherlock asks at the same time.
“Oh good,” came a baritone whisper close to his ear, “you are finally awake.”
“What?  What is going on?” Sherlock finally said, when they were halfway to the house.
John looked into those darkened eyes, and knew he had hit on something.  “You wanted it, didn’t you?  How often were you in your bedroom, just like this?  Naked on the bed, fucking your fist, while I watched the telly ten feet away in the living room?  Such a dirty, dirty boy...”
“Does he always change so much?  Throwing insults at you, and an hour later calmly inviting us for a meal?” John finally said to Sherlock quietly, as they headed back to their wing.
“Perhaps you could go to this dinner with that in mind.  Find out more what Mycroft wants you to do, but make no promises.  He will want to stay on your good side-“
It took many more ice cubes to tease and trace over John, and Sherlock hardly let any water hit the towel.  He slurped and sucked at his skin like it was a John-flavoured lollipop.  His favourite flavour, apparently.
Today, he just groaned, covering his face with his arm.  “No, Sherlock.  Just leave me alone.  I’m too hot for anything.”
Sherlock wiggled under John’s touch.  “John, John... please,” he moaned, pressing back towards him.
“You are so good at it,” John said, leaning in for a kiss.
John studied the man, having never seen him before.  Like the rest of the men at this formal affair, he was dressed in black tie.  A black tailcoat, with a creamy white waistcoat and linen shirt, his cravat elaborately tied.  Matching white breeches went down to below his knees, with stockings covering the rest of his legs.  He was on the taller side, slim but with a bit of a belly held in by his waistcoat.  Several years older than John, with hints of grey at his temples and throughout his light brown hair.
: Writing tips and discussions, not specific to any fandom.
Should he be feeling good about this?  Satisfied?  Vindicated?  He mostly just felt numb.
John’s lips pressed into a thin line.  “Did he explain why he wanted to see you?  Did he want an issue brought to the Queen?”
“I’m that good?” Sherlock lifted his head to stare directly at John, clearly intrigued.
But then there was something very cold, and very hard, pressing against him, pulling John out of his sex dazed state.  “What? Wha-“ He tilted his head up, looking down at Sherlock.
Both Sherlock and John were struck speechless at those comments.  It was such a change from the heated words from the garden.
Molly frowns. Well, that was an answer, of sorts, only a completely un-Sherlockian answer, because he admitted that something is wrong. Didn’t he? After a few minutes of silence, Molly offers tea. Sherlock shakes his head and she realizes that she is incredibly uncomfortable, so she heads back to the doorway.
Suddenly, the flirty, come-hither expression is gone and he’s talking a mile a minute, softening cock waving as he grabs his trousers from the floor and steps into them, sans underwear. He rips open a dresser drawer in order to pull a t-shirt over his head and then he’s flying through the flat, leaving John gaping-mouthed and more than a little bit in shock.
“Yes, ma’am,” Kevin states, sketching a slow bow at his wife. “Would the queen require any other services?”
John gives her a curt head-tuck and relaxes. He waits for Sherlock to chime in with some sort of correction, but instead he says:
John replies.
Martin frowns and shakes his head slightly.
“Look, Ofie, he’s even left some out for you!” A girl a little younger than Jimmy has appeared on the opposite side of the bedroom, one long finger pointing at the little mound of white dust still piled up on the top of the chest of drawers.
He waved his hand. “You just have to be a little more light on your feet. It was fine. Sherlock? How’s it coming?”
“No, you’re bad at this. Give me my phone,” he says standing. “I’m going home.”
“Sherlock, I-” he inhaled sharply. “Quick. Kiss me, quick!”
“You were going to paint the flowers black,” he said, holding up a black spray can he found rolled behind a bookshelf. “Why?”
“Oh, thank god! Finally!” John sighed and followed him. “I’ll see you, Molly. Don’t forget to practice.”
John closed his eyes tightly, frowning.
John leaned back, his eyes going wide.
Molly.
“I’m a virgin,” Sherlock blurted out.
‘Yada yada yada, now we can never be together’ or something.
She huffed out a laugh. “Haha, ok, but let’s get serious.”
“You walk to your house. There’s a slightly chilly breeze that’s helping to keep you awake.”
“Um.” Molly looked down and stuck her tongue out slightly. “Hi, my name is Molly, h-”
“Not bad?” she asked. “You ran away from me!”
John sighed and rubbed his forehead. “Ok, so let’s try again. I’ll approach you this time, ok?”
Why? Definitely not, because he had  a
“Hey, Sherlock! Sorry I’m late. Rugby took a little longer than I expected,” John jogged down the hall, books in tow, glistening with sweat. “Were you waiting long?” A light flush painted his body, and his muscles were still strained and corded from having been running and jumping and tackling other men just five minutes ago.
John growled in frustration and pulled Sherlock down. It took a whole second for Sherlock to orient himself and tilt his head to match John’s lips, and shiver at the sharp tug of his fingers. Their tongues met briefly, before John shoved him back.
“Hey, Cameron,” John said vaguely, lifting his arm and going straight for the bar.
“Ok then. Can I get you anything else? A soda, maybe?”
“Pickle juice martini,” she said, her brows coming together. “You said you wanted it.”
“I know,” John laughed, rather manically. “So, eight, you said? For our...date.”
“Anything, Sheila!” John snapped. “This is not the time!”
“Sherlock!” John scrambled to Sherlock’s door, knocking rapidly. “Sherlock, I’m coming in!”
“That’s quite funny actually, because we don’t
Ahem. Excuse me.
Immediately, Sherlock’s expression softened, almost as if he were expecting John to stumble upon some new brand of stupidity. He let the phone rest on his chest. “That’s pretty stupid, even for you.”
John nodded fervently, voice suddenly strained and cracked as his hands moved across the expanse of Sherlock’s back and chest.
He was a modern man. He could say he loved his friends. He could talk about his feelings. He could think Sherlock was handsome. He wasn't confined by a constructed prison of masculinity. He could have dreams about Sherlock. The brain was a wild organ. He could feel utterly fulfilled when with Sherlock. He could feel empty inside when going on dates with other women. That’s just the nature of 21st century urban isolation, baby.
Sherlock was laying in bed, his shoes on, texting with the phone ridiculously close to his face. “What?” he asked sharply.
“Not your type? He’s intelligent. A doctor. He has two cats. He’s tall, has black curly hair, is not married, or gay, or a crime lord, and he’s single. What about that isn’t your type?”
John sat up quickly, rice bits scattering to the ground. No, Sherlock didn’t celebrate his birthday. He was probably safe on that front.
“Sherlock?” John asked, somber once again. “Are you alright?”
Without fanfare he pulls Sherlock down for a brief kiss as a thank you for the sweet evening. Sherlock goes pink and he drops the keys, and leans into it.
But then there was a loud bang in the living room. They stumbled outside, falling over each other.
“Now picture yourself going home, taking a nice hot shower, shampooing your hair and all that. You take five deep, deep breaths. Really. Do it in real life.”
“Bragging are we?” Molly replied. “I graduated Cambridge at 15 with a phD in chemistry. I can corroborate my own factoids.”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said easily. His voice was smooth as anything.
John wrinkled his forehead. He did not remember ordering those, but perhaps he did buy them.
Twelve minutes. He had been waiting for twelve minutes, a record previously unheard of for the man who had tripped someone down the escalator because they had refused to move.
“You’re...you look very handsome, John.” He blinked a few times, as if he hadn’t meant to say it. “That’s a lovely,” he swallowed. “Suit.” ‘Uncertain’ looked foreign on Sherlock’s face, but it seemed to be the only thing he could express at the moment.
Suddenly everything came rushing back to him. Sherlock had seemingly said “ok” out of nowhere, but it wasn’t out of nowhere. It was about that fictional date John had proposed to Mol-lock.
They burst out laughing.
He poked his head through. He had know idea why he was feeling so urgent or what he even wanted to say, but there he was.
John exhaled heavily and smiled against Sherlock’s skin. That was amazing. Sherlock’s skin was practically glowing and he was radiating the most delicious scent. He giggled a little, noting how close he was himself and imagining Sherlock in several positions.
Dark hair, an unruly bird’s nest that sat upon his long angular face, yet settled, for the moment, over his high forehead and mercury eyes that were darting from one part of the hall to the other.
“No,” Sherlock said suddenly. “I wasn’t waiting long.”  He sat at the tall thick mahogany desk that belonged to professors and placed his notebook casually over his lap.
John had on his sweatpants and an undershirt, and a pack of day old sushi, scavenged from the back of the fridge. He was eating it with his fingers. A heavily edited episode of Breaking Bad was on. Sherlock stepped directly in front of him.
“How many times are you going to experiment, Johnny, I’d think you’d figure it by the fifth time!”
Sherlock’s clever fingers quickly made their way into John’s trousers and they both could have sworn John’s moan could be heard echoing down the hallway.
Sherlock looked up, a startled, but wide and pure smile on his face, perhaps his first genuine smile since the year started.
“I date women!”
“Aha. Ok. Sherlock, come back here, please. Sit next to me.”
“Wait, did you say date?” he called to, predictably, no answer.
John’s jaw went slack. “Sheila. Sheila. I’m STRAIGHT.”
“He slides into the cabs, and you follow, your knees almost touching. Sherlock’s hands are on the seat and your hands are folded neatly in your lap. You feel no pressure to do anything but wait to get to the restaurant.”
He swallowed and let his head fall to the side only to find that Sherlock was already staring at him.
“The what?”
“No, Sherlock! It wasn’t you! How could it be you? Look what I’ve done for you!”
John bit his lip, and tried to see the world from Sherlock’s eyes. “If you’re having second thoughts-”
“Oh, yes,” John said, some of the past few hours coming back to him. He had thought it a good idea to order flowers, and he had put them in the freezer for a reason he could no longer remember. “Find a vase for them, please? I forgot.”
“Ok, ok, ok! You’re straight! You’re straight! Just sit down!” Sheila said, reaching over the bar to physically pull John back into his seat. “Let’s just calm down. You’re straight.”
John’s eyes widened and guilt left him cold and awake. He rushed to knees in front of the boy and grabbed Sherlock’s hands.
She hesitated, then sat up straight. “Wonderful. My name is Molly.”
The tall boy searched John’s face and then without warning, pulled him forward by his sweaty hair and began snogging him senseless. Their mouths moved in tandem, and Sherlock nipped at John’s lower lips, pleading for a taste. Tongues danced through each other’s mouths sloppily and wonderfully and Sherlock pushed John back so that he was flush against the desk while the dark haired boy straddled him.
“What’s the-
He probably wouldn’t even believe that Sherlock was a virgin.
He opened the door without knocking, leaning on it for strength. Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands and his elbows against his knees.
Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Liar had somehow manipulated his way into the very busy schedule of John Watson, future Army Medic for tutoring on a subject he took and passed two years ago.
“Absolutely. Now it’s 2017, we are no longer stuck in the boring old gender roles of the past. What do you say to a guy to get his attention?”
Someone was holding John back, and then Sherlock was gone. The robber suddenly exploded into tiny water droplets.
It wasn’t lost that while he was playing musical chairs, Sherlock was very much under the impression that a date was happening that evening.
Sherlock was not a patient man. The only reason he was even deigning to stand there was because he waiting for the object of his unabashed lust and obse-
“You lost the game,” Sherlock stated.
“Yes.”
He noted John’s eyes were dark and slightly unfocused, no doubt from all the expended energy, and how his nostrils were flaring. His orbicularis oris was a bit contracted signifying a bit of tension, yet his right procerus was neutral-
John looked up sleepily, half listening, and half succumbing to relaxation. It had occurred to him that Sherlock might have a had a plan to carry him through their date that evening. With the sudden changes, he was suddenly lost at sea, unsure with how to proceed and deal with what was basically a six o’clock take out dinner in fancy suits. He couldn’t take any cues from John, because at the moment John was worth less than a bump on a log.
“Oh noooo. What’s up? Sherlock troubles?”
Sherlock slanted his eyes at them, before going back into the kitchen.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You decided to eat week old sushi eight hours before our date. How...convenient.”
Then the light dinged on above his head.
“Please listen to me.
“Think about what? That I’m a straight man cancelling a fake date with another man? That’s textbook. Give me my phone.”
John pursed his lips, his eye squinting. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard Sherlock say ‘twit.’”
John grinned. “A scotch, please.”
on this one! Oh, Sherlock was in hog heaven and the fact that John’s hands were making a beeline for his crotch was not helping one bit. Every second the rubber band was being pulled tighter and tighter and any second it was going to snap. This was going to be embarrassing. Three minutes had barely passed, not one of them was spent toward his genitals and it was about 19 seconds until blast off.
already. John was tired of having to undress Sherlock with his eyes and not his hands, and waking up with pants damp and the faint memory of Sherlock’s taste on his tongue. It was time for action, John Watson style.
“Glad to know you really want to be here,” John replied. “You could at least get a chair to put across from me so that we can look at each other.”
She tipped a bottle of peach smirnoff into a mug and pushed it into his face. “Here, drinky-drinky. Take your medicine. That’s a good lad.”
He carefully set his gifts down, then went back to maneuver himself under John. John caught his fingers again, and brought it up to his cheek. He felt the promise of a grand, rollicking future unraveling before them.
“Christ, you know why I bought the paint, but not...why. You’re remarkable.”
“I don’t know, he wasn’t my type!” said Molly.
“John,” Sherlock said abruptly, fingers not stopping. “Are you enjoying this?”
Laying there, battered by illness and pain, John could quite sharply see his feelings for Sherlock. They had outgrown the heterosexual friendship category years ago. He had watched them expand, yet never bothered to let them out of their tiny little cage.
“But he looked so happy,” John groaned. “He was actually
Sherlock looked at John, then briefly at Molly and turned back to the keypad of the CBC analyzer.
“Practice,” Sherlock repeated. But to his credit, he didn’t throw John off his lap and storm out like he very much deserved to do.
That wasn’t really fair. Sherlock was dressed in his usual bespoke dark blue outfit, but John was trying to make a point.
Sherlock searched his face for a few seconds before giving a satisfied nod. “Good. Because I- I’m also...loving this. I was very pleased when you...when you invited me on a date. I would have never been able to work up the courage.”
John groaned. “Fine.
“Ok,” Sheila said, spreading her hands out. “I have no idea what you’re going on about. Don’t go on the date then if it’s giving you so much grief.”
“Yes, yes, sit down. We’re at a noisy bar on Broadway.” He chauffeured Molly back to the tall, vinyl lab stool and leaned on the other side.
That was even too much for Sherlock Holmes to process. “What?”
Sherlock’s abs were soon aching as much as his lungs from trying to hold in his snorts and giggles but whenever he glanced at John, a new peal would bubble from his belly.
“Big time. We’re...going on a
Molly bit her lip.
“Eeeh, no.” John made a T sign with his hands. “No one wants to talk about work, ever, especially on a saturday at a bar. Try again.”
John’s brain finally processed Sherlock’s expression from just a few minutes ago.
John rolled his eyes. “I’m loving this Sherlock. I’m not lying, or trying to spare your feelings. I’m serious.”
Sherlock shot him a nasty look. “Is that how you talk to all your dates?”
In actuality, John left his credit card on the coffee table after ordering takeout, and had no way of doing the groceries and getting home. He was just about ready to die of boredom.
Molly frowned harder, and tried to stretch her neck to look past John’s body.
“Sherlock, what in God’s name are you talking about?” John asked.
But the world swirled around his brain. Date, date, date, date. What could Sherlock be talking about? Did they have another case where they would have to pretend to be dates? Did they have an appointment? Did he have an actual date to attend to?
“Factoids?” Cambridge?
Sherlock froze, his shoulders going stiff, then relaxing. “Alright,” he said carefully. He sounded neither offended nor surprised. Just tired. “What was it then? I heard you clearly at Barts.”
“John, where-”
~~~~~~
“Just do it and I’ll give you your phone.”
~~~~~~~~
The tall boy was hunched over, stiff as a board and clutching his elbows tightly. His eyes were glaring at something on the ground, once again the picture of stoicism if not for the deep flush darkening his features.
He broke off when he saw John, pale as a fish belly, standing in a slightly wrinkled, but still pristine suit.
Three days passed before Sherlock approached John who was vegging on the couch.
“I- I um, what do you do? I- I mean-”
Molly didn’t smile like he expected her to. Instead, she cocked her head thoughtfully, her brows coming down over her eyes as she watched them dress and leave.
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock was sitting stiffly next to John, who had just woken up from another half dream, dressed knife sharp.
“I’d never work with those twits. I’m who Scotland Yard calls when they need help.”
“No?” Molly said. “Um. Ok-”
Caribbean revolution
John’s eyebrows furrowed down, confused, but he kept quiet.
“Hurry up, come on, you’ve got ten seconds to keep my attention, let’s go.”
“Never. And yes, dinner would be perfect,” Sherlock assured him with a wide grin.
“Ok, what’s the matter?”
“No,” Sherlock said immediately. He tentatively looked up. “I’ll get dressed.”
Sherlock’s blood ran cold. Stupid him, planning ahead.
“W-wha- straight? You?
He had already thrown up once, but still felt a dead weight rolling around the bottom of his belly. He’d have to tread carefully in the next few hours.
And John is leaning his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, because he’s dizzy from the wine. He puts a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. John squeezes his eyes tighter.
French society. That John was now massaging his shoulders for some incomprehensible reason. Though to be fair, any type of reasoning was becoming a nebulous, unreachable thing.
Sherlock turned to him. “It’s the only way, John.”
Pouty mouth ready to spew bile and venom like one of those terrible land snakes that only live in dry, lonely, orange places.
Instead he closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. Instead he said, “Then what is your type?”
“These came for you.”
Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Rubber Band clutched John’s hand hard enough to leave nail imprints, quicksilver eyes shut tight as his orgasm swept over him in waves. His body trembled and tensed and his teeth bit hard on his lower lip. All other noises were drowned out except for the roar of his heartbeat and John’s lips still moving against his skin.
“No, wait! Where are you from? London originally? I’m from Salisbury!” Molly had started yelling for some reason, her hand clutched against her chest.
“Take what?” John asked. “We’re literally sitting in an empty lab by ourselves. It isn’t real, Molly.”
“Ok.”
John sighed but complied.
“What’s the harm in going? It could be fun! It won’t be any different from the other times you’ve gone out with Sherlock, right?” she asked, clutching the phone to her chest.
“I didn’t call him back,” she mumbled.
“I said, 'what’s your name?'”
Pouty mouth set in a thin, blanched line across his face.
“Ok, ok! You don’t touch him! You just follow him out and there’s a cab waiting. Everything’s cool. You’re both calm and ready for whatever happens. You take four more deep breaths.”
“Haha, very funny. Let’s get serious,
“Yes. You are...’straight’.”
“That’s a serious question, Molly,” John said, sliding along the table. “You’re a beautiful woman. You can get any guy you want. Who is straight or not married or a priest or something. You just have to figure out what kind of guy you want.”
“Moving on,” John said decisively, before the awkwardness set in and consigned him to thirty minutes of pure silence. “What’s your name?”
His face shot with pink even as he said it, as if he hadn’t meant to acknowledge the fact they were on a date at all. But he didn’t break eye contact until John did, and then he folded his arms.
He covered his eyes and leaned onto the bar. “What am I going to do?”
He heaved himself from the bed, and dragged himself into the shower. The water hurt his skin. The pressure was too much, so without soaping or shampooing, he dragged himself out and to his room.
“Good,” John breathed. “Because that’s the last kiss we’re having tonight.”
He leaned his head against his fist, and Sheila returned with a tall, thin glass.
“You stop in front of your house and get out of the cab.”
“Starting early, huh, Johnny?” the bartender said.
“Of course you do. Ok, here- simple. Hi, can I buy you a drink? Boom. You’ve ingratiated yourself, and he now owes you at least one whole sentence. Now assuming he says no, what do you do?”
“Then why are you sitting like a puppet with its strings cut?”
Sherlock’s laughter died in his throat.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John gritted out. “The realization that you are the single most important thing in my life has rendered me nearly godlike in my ability to work around the mass of rotting fish sitting in my guts, you blind idiot. Now put your hands back where they were, or so help me-”
“John?”
“The lesbian bar.”
Molly slid off her seat. “You bore me. I’m leaving.”
The shorter boy had unbuttoned Sherlock’s trousers and brought both of their pricks together. He rubbed them in tandem while Sherlock explored his chiseled chest and tight back. He pulled John down for a kiss and thrust into his palm creating the most amazing friction.
“Uhuh,” John breathed and let his tongue dart out to wet his lips. He crept up behind the chair and flexed his fingers before dipping under into Sherlock’s collar. The other man stiffened visibly and suddenly the blood was pounding in John’s ears, making his head feel like it was being held underwater.  What in the hell did he think he was doing molesting this guy? Oh, but his skin was
“And I didn’t want to disappoint you, so I decided to take you on a real date.”
“Ok, enough of that,” he said out loud, surprised at how rusty his voice sounded. “Time to get up.”
Also, he felt like pure and utter shit. He took a few deep breaths, wondering if this was an after effect from that bizarre dream he had.
“Next time,” John gasped, while wiping away tears with the heel of his hand. “Next time, we should go somewhere with an actual bed.”
“I want,” John sat up and made a swipe for the phone. “To cancel the date!”
?" John laughed. “Well excuse me. So what do you do with that chemistry phD?”
“No! I panicked and I went to the pub and Sheila, she-”
She threw a hand over her mouth to suppress her grin. John’s eyebrows shot up, and an involuntary laugh escaped.
“Nice one, Sheila. Where’d you get it? Hot Topic?”
Back, ramrod straight.
But that wasn’t true. John was feeling a mighty pressure right in his gut. He was startled at how vividly he could see the portrait Sheila was painting. His hands were clenching under the bar, because in the fantasy he couldn’t stop them from sliding over right into Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock would accept it, of course, the same way he had accepted the date and the eight o’clock reservation.
“And what the hell is that supposed to mean?” he asked, zipping his coat.
“Good. How was your- do you mind if I take my shirt off? Don’t worry, I’m wearing an undershirt,” John huffed and grabbed the hem of his shirt. It was half way over his elbows when John noticed that Sherlock’s attention was riveted on him and that his hands were tearing into his notebook.
She sighed and leaned on the table. “I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world. I created the position.”
“You ordered take out for me.”
The taller boy watched him, eyes softening and mouth unraveling into its usual audacious pout.
Then, he grabbed the paper takeout bag from the table and threw up in it.
but Sherlock just sat, his nervous energy whirling out and disturbing John.
this evening.”
Thanks to a Mr. Mike Stamford who in a few years would become terribly fat, Sherlock got to meet John and so this obsess- eh, experiment on the, uh, effect of social interaction during, um, cognitive exercise was born.
He expected another retort, but instead, Sherlock did exactly as he said.
He lay naked on his sheets, sopping wet, feeling very much like a worm that had gotten lost on a summer sidewalk. The phone now said 3:16. Two hours and 34 minutes until Sherlock arrived.
Molly’s mouth dropped, and her brow twisted. “How come-”
“I suppose.”
“It’s not funny, John,” Sherlock said softly. “You don’t know how long I-...I never thought this would happen. I was terrified that I’d have to spend the rest of my life watching you, and wanting. Knowing you’d never see me the way I saw you. It hurt.”
“Anything, Sheila, anything at all. I’m in a pickle,” John said, pressing his fingers along the side of his nose. “I’m in a big pickle.”
~~~~~~
John waited for Sherlock to open the takeout, blow out a candle,
And he pulls Sherlock out by the hand and tugs him up the step to the front door.
“No, no, no. Please listen. Please. Look at me. The only reason I’m not lying in my bed, in a flannel robe knocked unconscious by two different types of sleeping pills is you, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock jumped as if he’d been shocked, then looked down at John wistfully.
Sherlock’s mouth opened, then closed. For a split second, before John could even process it, his face fell. But then he swiftly turned and went into his room without replying.
said, it came straight from your mouth!”
John’s eyebrows shot up, but his smiled widened in the way it usually did whenever Sherlock went about deducing and figuring and solving. “Well, actually I had to throw it otherwise I would have never made it here,” he laughed and unlocked the door of the classroom.
No, he actually was ill. His entire body ached, and his head was both dizzy and pounding at the same time.
“Oop, ok,” she said. “Be right back.”
John blew up. He slammed the counter and stood, his voice breaking. “I’M FUCKING STRAIGHT, SHEILA.”
“Hey! Ok, hold on,” John laughed, following her across the room. “Sherlock, it sounds like you have a wealth of interesting stories to tell.”
“It was amazing,” John said quietly and looked deep into his eyes, urging him to feel his sincerity. There was absolutely nothing to be embarrassed about.
“-said that I was bisexual and that I was in love with you and I freaked out and then I got sick.”
John returned the smile and settled back down.
“You didn’t want to disappoint me. We both know you have a tendency towards the sentimental,” Sherlock said, his voice sounding normal, but the breaths in between sounding wavering and blurry. Still, he didn’t stand up.
in his direction.
Arms, ready to punch and throttle anyone who would so much as dare to
“I’d love to hear about them. So, Sherlock,” John said, leaning suavely against the CBC analyzer. “If you’re not doing anything next Saturday, how’d you like to go on a date with me? I know this lovely restaurant by the Thames.”
An explosion erupted from the TV.
She wrinkled her nose. “Fine. Then what is your actual serious problem, because I’m not seeing it?”
With a great big sigh, John unwrapped himself from his blanket cocoon, letting it hang around his shoulders like a cape, and shuffled to the bedroom.
John doesn’t give them a chance before he starts answering their unasked questions. “Pilot is DOA, pupils non-responsive, no pulse, and no respiration. Wingwalker is unconscious, judging by his hand on the stick shift, here, looks like he brought the plane down. Little blood from his left ear, possible damage to the ear drum from the quick change in altitude; could have been much worse.” He doesn’t tell them that he’s seen
John scoots his laptop off his thighs and stares at the wall. Maybe a long walk is a good idea, it will help keep his mind centered. He grabs his coat, wallet and keys and trots down the steps, doing his level best to ignore the way he feels a bit like he’s floating.
John reaches up with both hands and drags her strong, compact body down over his shoulder and into his lap where he kisses her with passion, cupping the back of her head lightly with both palms to hold her in place. When they pause to breathe, he runs his fingertips through her gingery-blonde hair, mussing it and enjoying the feel of the silky strands. Toby generally wears it short but it has gotten rather shaggy in the past weeks, a problem they’ve all been dealing with since the camp barber was injured in a skirmish. He tugs a lock gently, noting the contrast of the black tips to the rest of it.
, though he knows this may be the only way because he’s got to admit it, even only to himself, he’s a bit thrown off course by John’s actions.
The detective makes to leave the room and John strands and clutches whatever he can grab; it turns out to be a shirt sleeve. “Listen. I’ve not told anyone about some of that. Let me…” he trails off, the soft material of Sherlock’s button-down slipping through his fingers. He steps back, returns to his chair and takes a deep breath.
“What?!” Douglas grumbles as he grabs at his sunglasses, turning to the young man who is grinning so hard it looks like his face is going to crack.
“John,” he rumbles, impatiently waiting for the hazy look in John’s eyes to clear.
John nods affirmatively, taking one last look around them to be sure that they are truly alone, shifting his feet enough to feel the gun at his back. Satisfied that no one followed them from the bed and breakfast into the growing twilight, he follows Sherlock into the house. Not much has changed in twenty-four hours, except that some of the grime that decorated the floors earlier has disappeared. The dying sun slants across the empty place, showcasing the dust motes they’ve kicked up by opening the back door.
(How long does it take to fly across the Atlantic anyway? That would not work, though. The best tequila is from Mexico.)
, dammit. One of his favorite things to do is look down and see…
“You can draw more flies with honey…” Lestrade tells them all.
John takes a drink of the juice, so he doesn’t hear the complete Sherlocky reply, but he knows it is something along the lines of ‘I knew that, I’m not an idiot.’ The MP nods, salutes John and is out the door much more quietly than he entered.
The retired soldier begins to rise from his knees the freezes on the spot, every muscle straining with the tension of remaining still as a tall figure morphs from the shadows and walks towards him. When that form seems to evaporate to be replaced by a feline-shaped one, John’s brain shuts down and his body takes control. He is off the floor, out of his bedroom, down the steps and moving downstairs and onto the pavement before he can scarcely draw another breath. The doors behind him bang open and stay that way; the ebony door leading into 221 Baker Street hangs forlornly on its hinges, squeaking slightly as if in pain.
As always, John’s torn between shoving Sherlock down on the bed and making him clean up his own mess. Sherlock knows it so he very slowly flicks open the zip on his trousers. When John sees dark curls he shuts the door behind them, locks it and goes right on ahead and pushes Sherlock to the mattress.
Guys!!
“Yes, he said his name was Holmes.” John is explaining to Dale. He is sitting rather primly in an armchair in front of the fire of LOPNI’s receiving room and Dale is spread out over the old leather sofa next to him.
Sherlock snorts and John bites back a giggle. Oh boy, this is going to be good.
Douglas takes his face from his hands, looks up into Sherlock’s piercing eyes. John stands a step behind the detective with a brown cardboard drink holder in his hand. Three cups of what Douglas assumes is coffee pour steam between them through holes in the lids.
John nods and pushes himself off the floor. There’s an odd feeling pulsing along their Link that he doesn’t completely understand. He settles into his chair. “Yes, I do. You said that earlier.”
This time when their mouths touch, John automatically angles his chin and allows Sherlock to oh so tentatively lick the seam of his lips. It’s a cautious bid of curiosity, one that, should John decide against continuing, Sherlock could immediately pull back and attempt to pretend it was a mistake. John knows better so he tugs Sherlock even closer by grasping his bare shoulders and pushing himself forward against the hard planes of Sherlock’s chest whilst their mouths and tongues create new stanzas for an ancient, epic poem.
“Really?” John and Sherlock share a look.
The raspy sound of Sherlock’s voice threatens to push John off kilter again, because somewhere deep down inside he was certain he wasn’t going to ever hear it again. Reaching out slowly, he straightens the button-down shirt Sherlock’s gotten from somewhere so that it hangs properly. Only then does he realize that the detective is wearing absolutely nothing else. The reason for the crooked shirt is now quite obvious.
, so he doesn’t push the issue. Sherlock continues, “That’s it! The suit is all wrong. John, the body was never
They are interrupted, however, when the waitress returns with their platters. Douglas likes the way Martin dives into his as if he hasn’t eaten for a week. Just as their conversation begins to pick up where it left off, another interruption in the form of a particularly bubbly steward from MJN appears, complete with this week’s girlfriend in tow.
Sherlock levelly meets John’s gaze.
Sherlock, still in his coat, the shoulders coated with dirt and dried blood, slowly folds his long body, lowering himself to his knees in front of John.
“Look, it has been a horrible, horrible day. All I wanted to do was unwind a little before I got home and had to face…whatever was going to be waiting on me, understand?”
Victor hesitates for the merest fraction of a second, then makes a snap decision to share what has evidently been rehearsed in his head many times. “I have several associates who claim to be in contact with someone I understood to be deceased prior to leaving the United States, Mr. Holmes. They want to use certain information about me to blackmail Grant.”
Sherlock has more or less tuned out everyone as his eyes scan the sky. John knows full well he’s still irritated at the way Sergeant Barkley dismissed him and what he had to say about the dead woman. He studies his partner for a few minutes, sometimes wishing he could see into that brain, study the cogs and wheels that he knows are running at full tilt—even as the detective is hyper aware of everyone and everything around him.
“Other than your husband withdrew money from your account, you were obviously so concerned that you decided to walk home in order to give yourself some time to think and possibly brace yourself for the fact that your home might be empty when you get there. Obviously you are not accustomed to walking long distances, other than from your office to the train station and train station to the taxi stand, then from the taxi into your house. You went a different way home, rather a silly thing I think, but since John is fond of fresh air as well, I understand what you were thinking. Now, you saw something at this empty cottage, you claim, a thing with just eyes and no face. As ridiculous as that statement is, I agree that you did see
When Martin’s gaze slides back to Douglas’, he is struck by the tiny pinpricks of light in Douglas’ warm brown eyes.
Anyway! It all boils down to a half-way tipsy seven-year-old girl and the Disney version of
Grant takes a deep breath, letting the clean country air into his lungs. He loves it out here, has always done: it is relatively quiet most days and they only have two neighbors besides the B and B. To his left the lane splits off into a more narrow drive that circles around another cottage that’s currently empty. He stops at the split and considers going the long way round to his house, then shrugs out of his coat and hangs it over his arm. Might as well enjoy what little bit of happiness still remains to him, he thinks, as he turns to go past a field just beginning to sprout whatever the farmer planted this year.
“I’m not sure if I could be a full-time pilot, but I appreciate the offer,” Martin states as the question derails his thoughts for a moment. It was always his dream to fly, and if he loses his position with Triple W, he may be in serious need.
begin to weep. And that would probably be a huge mistake, because…well…
John decides to watch and see what happens next. If he’s got to be hungry, at least he can be entertained. Naturally, Sherlock has to do the thing John least expects.
All of them,
The detective moves so that they are facing one another. His eyes search John’s face.
was the only way.
“No.”
“Sherlock,” John tries, but the detective is so focused on what he’s doing that it takes a few seconds to answer.
These two—actually, no, once I really think about it—these three. These three people have affected more lives than I think they are fully conscious of. Perhaps John understands it, but I don’t think Mrs. Hudson or Sherlock do. Billy and Ginny talk about them like they’re Batman and Robin…even Jacob likes them. He talks about Sherlock’s older brother, too, but I’ve never met him, so I don’t have an opinion about that.
Without warning, everything is bright, colors leeching into one another while the unbiased, disloyal sun drives his sins out of the shadows and drags them, now fully hued, into the harsh light of day.
In the half-second before Sherlock takes the plunge and kisses John, he Sends out a feeler, searching for permission. It is granted just as quickly.
“I don’t know that I can forgive,” John states firmly.
Nothing special? John wonders. What is that supposed to mean? He doesn’t ask, though, instead, as he pushes away from the table, he says, “I see.”
“Mrs. Hudson, I do believe there’s enough sun cream on Sophie to cover her for the next ten years.” Sherlock quips, wrinkling his nose in an almost perfect imitation of the frown Sophie just gave John.
“Good afternoon, Martin,” Douglas grins broadly.
John listens to the faucet run and in exactly six minutes, Sherlock is back. They sit in a companionable silence, sipping at their tea. Eventually, Sherlock moves from his chair to the sofa where he stretches out on his back. John, thinking that the uncomfortably conversation is closed, grabs the television remote and flips on the set. He’s not really watching a documentary about penguins when Sherlock Speaks again.
Very gently, John undoes the silver hoop hanging there without ever using his fingers. Sherlock makes out a soft
Sherrinford nods his chin at the plane and walks towards the farthest wall. The daylight in here is sullied by dirt recently smeared on the windows, one of the many clues that lead them to this building rather than any of the others. He watches as Sherrinford stalks through the light and shadows, then files away the detail in order to tell John about it. It’s the type of romantic stuff John likes to include in his
That makes a good deal of sense to John. “Victor then.”
Even so, John loves his messy-haired people. “Sophie, you look radiant today, love.”
Sherrinford nods his thanks to Mrs. Hudson as she conjures up another sandwich. He grabs an empty chair from the table beside them, gives a charming grin to the people there then gracefully drops into it, backwards so that he is facing them with his legs spread, black boots planted flat on the ground.
Sherlock appreciates this question. Most people (idiots) would have said something inane along the lines of ‘he’s out cold, Sherlock, surely you can’t get anything from him that way’ or otherwise be foolish enough to assume Sherlock is trying to force his way into the man’s mind.
Once he’s finished going over every part of Sherlock’s body with the lightly-scented shower gel they both prefer, he starts to soap up his own hair.
Instead of explain what he’s thinking, however, he merely drops his foot to the floor with a loud thud and tells John, “Let’s try something.”
Well, and the puppy Mycroft brought home two days ago. Ophelia likes the pup well enough, but she’s never been much of a dog person and has less idea what to really do to train him even more so than Sherlock knows what to do when it is just the two of them at home. She didn’t even name him, Sherlock did, calling him ‘Redbeard’ so she just kept it.
That thought leads John to actually look down at Grant’s feet. His socks have slipped down a little as if they’ve been pulled off and back on more than once today. He also notes that they do not match the suit that Grant is wearing: his trousers are navy blue, his shirt light blue, and his jacket the same shade as the trousers. His socks, however, are quite different, being a mint green paisley.
John shields his eyes having lost his sunglasses to Sophie’s iron grip and steel will a little while ago. He watches as the wingwalker waves to the ground from the top wing. “Nope, don’t see it,” he says.
“You have five seconds to ‘wow’ me Mr. Monroe.”
growing between them, the other man would have left for home by now. Surely no one is crazy enough to stay around him if they don’t have to?
“Be out shortly.”
“I’d ask for tea, though I’m certain there’s not a single leaf of it in this house.”
Mycroft takes his leave, his icy gaze falling over the almost-still figure in the bed then returns to the back of Sherlock’s bowed head. Some part of him still longs to reach out and offer comfort for the turmoil so plainly etched over Sherlock’s entire self…though the stronger, most official, more sage part of him knows better than to even make the attempt. Not here, not now, not like this.
An odd sort of tight, twisted smile alights on John’s lips for a few seconds. “Not now.”
. So, truly, he’s got some ideas how things go when you are surrounded by genius dickheads. Of course, of the three of them, Monk is probably the least dickhead, and maybe could even be considered the most levelheaded, even if things that aren’t
Neon bursts of color behind his eyes threaten to overtake him until his thoughts are blasted wide open and Sherlock is there…not just on the bed with him, bodies slowly melding against one another, hips aligning and cocks slipping together, skin tugging slightly as not enough slick or friction builds between them. Their Link is the same, heated to an almost blinding scarlet and vermillion, bringing their minds and their bodies into sync.
Victor Shifts into the terrier again and Sherlock watches the hyper little dog run in circles before bounding through the trees. Without stopping to consider anything more, Sherlock drops his clothes and follows suit in his own four-legged form.
Douglas thinks of about ten nasty quips he could throw out but Carolyn Knapp-Shappey, CEO of charter airline and Arthur’s alpha-wolf mother, sits on his left hand side. He thinks better of it and simply nods so that he can go back to watching the performance.
“Yes.” Douglas answers, still a little confused as to his exact part in this whole thing.
Wilson snorts. John suppresses a giggle. Sherlock spins around on the spot as if he has just realized what’s happening. He chooses to ignore it all, however, because there is a very tall bookcase packed with medical tomes behind Wilson. Sherlock reaches up and grabs about ten of them in one of his big paws…
Three weeks later, when there’s a lull between five cases that seem to have sprung up simultaneously out of nowhere like some macabre tidal wave of homicide, John wakes up to a bright morning, the sun through his haphazardly closed blind gently caressing the side of his face as if glad he exists in the universe. He smiles a little, thankful for a day where he can lounge about and maybe get to read the entire newspaper for a change. Not that he doesn’t enjoy being whisked out of the house at a second’s notice on a half-cup of tea and a quarter piece of toast; quite the opposite, really. Everyone needs a down day now and again.
