They stay a while like this, hugging in the middle of the aftermath of a definite crisis. Cas is silent if not for the sound of his breathing slowly evening out. Once Dean is sure he’s calm enough, he pulls back just a little and catches both of his wrists to examine his hands.
The door closes lightly behind Dean, and suddenly Cas is alone again.
But there is one thing I know for sure, when it comes to love: it’s worth it.
That’s how Castiel ends up sitting in a coffee shop with the man that’s been haunting his nights for a decade, after successfully ruining his own coffee.
He turns in Cas’ embrace and wraps his arms around him in returns. The other man immediately fits his head in the space between his shoulder and collarbone and Dean revels in the warmth of the hug.
“Ah-ah, very funny. Seriously though,” Balthazar says as he picks at the olives in front of them. “What’s got you so moody?
(See the end of the chapter for
talking,” Dean interrupts her. “You didn’t have to scare the shit out of me, we’ve been texting every day. We’re not… I needed some time, some space. We weren’t, I don’t know, mad at each other. Quite the contrary actually.”
“Afraid of what, exactly?”
“Your need to control it,” Missouri says.
In all honesty, he already knew that. It’s not like it’s news or like he’s discovering it on the spot. But the understanding dawns on him nonetheless.
There’s a beat, before Dean decides to ask the question he’s been itching to ask for a while.
But that was before the OD. Before Dean ran. Before being proven wrong. Before losing it all and chasing the taste and the thrills everywhere else and never finding a substitute.
“No, listen to me. You don’t get to wake up and judge the fuck out of my coping mechanisms in the name of concern when you’re doing a poor job of coping with your own shit. I
for?”
They talk a little more after that, and it’s rounding 2 AM when he can almost see Dean’s yawn before the sound reaches his ear.
Cas is looking at him with a smile, and Dean wishes this would never end.
“I’m walking home alone in the middle of the night right now. What do you think?”
But then Cas’ hands clutch at his hips, rekindling the small pain of the bruises he left the day before, and Dean whimpers.
. I’m going to miss you,” he adds, finding the strength to plaster a small smile on his face. “But you really
“I forgive you too,” Dean whispers back, his breath ghosting over the shell of Cas’ ear. “We miss you, Jim.”
He remembers calling out for Jimmy, asking between sobs why he would leave him too.
“That’s not what I’m saying,” he tries to argue.
He asks, throwing said trench-coat over the front seat, “
“Nothing. I just got back to my hotel room and I missed you. Wanted to hear your voice.”
He expected the bitterness. The cold anger, even the rage; but all he feels is some sort of deep relief. A rush of affection, and a deep curiosity.
Anniversaries, Jimmy finds out, are the worst part of trying to maintain sobriety.
, he wants it so bad that his bones ache for it.
“So you’re actually considering it?”
Eventually, the once-upon-an-angel would fall back asleep against Dean, but the hunter gazed at the ceiling for a long time afterward, trying to find a way to get his angel to open up before exhaustion got the best of him too.
Dean smiles. Here’s an opening to tear Cas away from whatever had him snap in the first place, and finally relax. And Cas has expressed wanting to know more in the past few weeks. So he goes all in.
Jimmy smiles at him. “I was going to surprise you at the end of the week but I’ve actually signed a lease for an apartment on the other side of Lawrence.”
“Benny —,”
“Tell me,” Dean breathes out. “Cas-”
Which was a mistake, by all means. Because instead of actually watching where he’s going, he crashes into someone else’s body with a loud thump, and sends his coffee flying on the floor.
“Listen… I talked to Cas. I tried to change his mind but-”
Balthazar hands him his phone once he joins him on the couch, and Castiel’s head starts spinning once he scrolls through all the messages and missed calls.
“I’m not angry,” Dean says, finally looking back and catching the raise of Cas’ eyebrows. “I’m
knows about Dean. Which means that was potentially a
“You okay?” Dean asks after several minutes of comfortable silence, both of their gazes turned to the lake across the house, enjoying the slow set of the sun reflecting into the clear water.
Dean’s phone goes directly to voicemail, and his heart rate instantly picks up.
And yeah, okay. Dean has no objections to that. So he lets Cas stay right where he is; lying halfway on top of him, safe inside his arms and, yeah,
“Yeah, you could say that. Most of it is classified still, but I… yeah it’s serious. It’s been two and a half months. They’ve released me from the hospital two weeks ago, and I’m still having PT twice a week so far. But hey, at least I didn’t lose any limbs!”
But as usual, Dean can’t find the strength within to just let all of this out. So instead, he sums it up.
“Give her a kiss for me, alright? And don’t go dying on me, old man.”
“Don’t say that,” Cas says as he raises his eyes to lock back with Dean’s again. “You’re still you. Look, I still recognize that scar.” He smiles as he points to the faint scar on Dean’s right shoulder, the one he got when they both got injured while playing outside in middle school. “And this one too,” he smiles as he nods to the scar inside Dean’s neck, memory of an attack between a very drunken Dean and a
Cas hurts in more ways than he ever thought were possible. His ribs still hurt from the accident, his head feels absolutely terrible, and his heart broke in more than a million pieces at his brother’s words.
They don’t train you for this — for the painful choices and decisions you have to take after you get lifelong injuries. They don’t teach you how you’re supposed to choose between leaving and shattering your entire career (that same career you’ve dedicated your entire life to for the past decade), or staying but having to live with the bitter taste of being left behind a desk in a dusty office for the rest of your life.
A barely guessed bitterness."
“Well I thought you didn’t want me!”
When she eventually catches her breath back, Dean can see her eyes glimmering with tears.
“It’s good to see you too, Benny.”
“You’re not listening to me, are you?” Cas asks, turning his head just enough to take sight of Dean.
“Alright, cowboy,” Bobby laughs against him, folding his arms tightly around him. “We’re not yet there. It’s gonna take some time. And right now I wanna hear about your past decade. I wanna know everything. Come on.”
It doesn’t change anything about how much he misses the other man, though.
about me. But I don’t fucking want it. I
“It’s a nice place you’ve got there,” Benny says as he looks around, his gaze catching on the outside deck. “Bet that’s pretty nice in the summer.”
to stop?”
What he really means is, “
“Fuck my run, the trail isn’t going anywhere.”
• Anxiety/panic attack
Dean had thought, back then, that at some point the feeling going with kissing his angel would fade, that it would turn into something normal, some kind of routine, but it never did.
“Yeah. Thanks again for letting me stay here,” Dean says, finally turning his eyes to look at him. “I’m guessing you managed to write that article?”
“Wh- it’s literally down the road, babe,” Dean frowns, still not understanding what has gotten Cas so worked up over something as simple as a round trip to the store down the road. “I just need 3 minutes and I’ll be back.”
He thinks about how mad he is, but also of how much he misses his best friend every day, regardless of his anger.
the place is a fucking mess more than half the time), before going to the guest room and making sure there’s room for whatever Dean brings with him. He very pointedly ignores Jimmy’s room, the pain still too vivid to set foot in there just yet.
Dean brushes a kiss on Cas’ temple, squeezing him tighter against him.
“Why didn’t you take it?” he asks, locking eyes with Dean when he lifts his head up to look at him. “The desk job, I mean. Why was it so unbearable?”
But Dean apparently doesn’t share that view as he turns in his embrace. The soft glow of the moonlight frames his beautiful face just right and Cas can see the glint in the green of his eyes once they catch his.
But Cas hurts so much right now that he can only sob and sob and
Castiel enters the Gold Bridge Treatment Center in Louisburg, Kansas, about a week after his overdose. He completes his 30-Days program without any troubles, and is back home like nothing happened after that. He enrolls in community college a few months later, meets a friend that got his back whatever happens, and is doing pretty great all things considered.
“Nothing’s wrong. I’m just tired. Let’s get out of here as soon as this is over, okay?”
He turns to look at Cas suddenly, and Cas can see the tracks of his tears on his cheek, the twinkle of something so vulnerable in the green of his eyes that a bolt of electricity runs through his spine. There’s still so much to say, so much to mend, so much to heal. But for the first time in years, Cas finally feels like there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.
~ May 7, 2021. Exactly one year after Jimmy's death. Situated after chapter 19 but before chapter 20. They still live in the apartment.
Cas makes his second wrong move when he kicks into Jimmy’s bed and a little box that was stashed underneath just appears at his feet; instead of tossing it onto the pile of stupid shit they have to get rid of, he decides to open it.
“What do you think about that?” Cas asks, turning back to show a pair of fluffy bright socks, “Jack would love those.”
Cas was silent in the car. He was silent when Dean left for PT at 5, and he’s been quiet ever since Dean came back too.
Not to mention, you were out -  living your life, gearing up to become a national hero. I didn’t want to take that away from you, not after already making you lose Cas. You deserved to be happy, and what good would telling you the truth have made? It would have only made it harder for you to live your life, and I had already shattered it two years before. Who was I to do it all over again?
“Why would it change?” Cas answers in a huff.
“No, but I want to,” Cas adds, his voice so strained that Dean has trouble understanding it a first. “
,” Benny mocks at the end of the phone, and Dean can’t help but smile.
has been his dream for the past decade and him driving him up the walls. In the back of his mind he knows he’s being inconsiderate, even selfish, that Dean is merely trying to do the right thing here.
Compared to an IED blast, Dean’s not sure what hurts the most.
They keep the questions going back and forth while Dean moves from slicing mushrooms to preparing fresh tomato sauce (Castiel didn’t even know they had tomatoes in the first place), and by the time the plate of pasta is ready on the table Cas has learned half a dozen new things about Dean. Including that he picked up French because he “got bored on a long-ass flight back from Serbia”. In turns, Castiel tells Dean about Jimmy’s shenanigans at the hospital, how his entire group of friends would gather around the table at least once a week and cook for everyone.
Cas is still sitting on the bed, still smiling at him, and Dean’s heart is growing bigger by the minute inside his chest. But he can’t get himself to speak, and the silence grows louder.
“For the record, I didn’t know either,” he says in a whisper. “That’s the other thing about all of this. I’m human now, and everything is different. I guess I’m still discovering new things about myself every day.”
He’s halfway to the couch when it strikes, and he has to hold onto the living room table not to fall down. Which consequently leaves him staring at the meds the doctor prescribed him the day after Jimmy’s death, when Balthazar practically dragged him to the doctor’s office and begged him to listen to someone.
, please tell me that’s a yes. Do you know how much of a hassle it’d be if I have to face Jo and Ellen all alone with Jess and Sam laughing at me?”
“What about your run?” he asks breathlessly.
Cas shakes his head slightly, apparently unable to talk. When Dean slightly draws back to look at him, he can see one single tear going down his cheek. He leans closer and kisses it softly, letting his mouth map out Cas’ cheekbone. Cas squeezes him tighter, brings him impossibly closer against him.
on him, and on me, and on everyone who was still counting on you here. And for
“I thanked him.”
He’s wondering how to breach the subject as he unlocks the door and turns the light of the living room on and freezes at the scene.
Benny sighs dramatically- it seems to be his mood for the day- as he pours some coffee in a mug.
“Went to see Bobby. Didn’t really go well. I thought taking a cold shower would help but I got stuck looking at this shit instead,” he says as he gestures to the damage on his left side. “What a fucking waste,” he scoffs.
“Did you miss me?” Dean whispers into his ear after what feels like an eternity.
Yeah, even 10-years-ago-Dean-fucking-Winchester would have a panic attack at the simple thought.
“Jo would lose, babe. I’m a Navy SEAL.”
Dean turns to look at his brother properly. He knows Sam well enough to understand what the little wobble inside his voice means. 10 years ago when he left, he also didn’t say anything apart from “
“He did the stupid thing where he thinks saying it over and over inside his head makes it hearable to the rest of the world,” Benny chimes in.
Cas raises his head then and catches his eye, a small smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. Wild blue twinkling with something that Dean thought was lost forever.
, and Castiel’s heart hurts so much at the sight that he has to physically hold onto the counter to remind himself that he’s not allowed that anymore.
She sighs. “Did something happen between the two of you?”
“Couldn’t sleep. I kept tossing and turning, I didn’t want to wake you up,” he explains, his voice still sleep-heavy, slightly slurry as he seems to slowly get out of his haze. “I guess I failed.”
“What’s that?” Castiel asks curiously as he sits on the table facing Dean, the package between his hand, the other man watching him closely with half a smile on his lips.
Holli woofs happily as he looks at Cas, and Cas finally caves in- he lays his book down on his bedside table and moves to the other side, bending slightly to pet Holli’s head. Their dog huffs happily, even licks at Cas’ palm as a reward after a minute.
“Alright,” Dean says, his voice hoarse, a low tremor rumbling through.“Thank you.”
“Do I even want to know what kind of job you had in the Navy?” Cas asks, and Dean can’t help but smile, identifying that tone of wonder that’s still
It’s a letter.
He sees it on Dean’s face. The moment his mind catches up to what Jimmy has just thrown at his head. The look of pure despair and agony. And he hates it with a passion, knowing that he’s the one who put it there.
Dean pretends to be busy putting his computer away, but he notices Castiel’s frown when he points to his side, where his hand is still resting.
Lawrence falls into night, and Dean falls into despair.
Cas hums. “How do you deal with it?”
And maybe it’s the energy, maybe it’s the exhaustion, maybe it’s 10 years of radio silence standing between them knowing this should’ve never been. But when their lips find each other, sliding together in a breathtaking kiss, it’s filled with love, and pain, and urgency. And everything in between. It holds the weight of the past 10 years, the loss of what they used to be echoing silently into the space between them. Cas’ hands tightens in Dean’s hair as Dean clutches him closer, both arms solidly wrapped around his waist.
Most people, when told something this huge, either react with wide eyes and a surprised face or immediately launch into an animated response.
“I hadn’t even read the letter yet,” Dean says slowly. “Benny told me just a few hours ago and I wanted-”
Jimmy laughed, wrapped him in a hug that he hoped conveyed enough of his piece of mind and whispered
(See the end of the chapter for
to get through 2 cups of coffee
“But I miss him all the time,” Cas finishes, taking another sip of his beer as he watches the sky silently.
To find closure in forgiveness.
“So you think I shouldn’t even consider it?” Dean interrupts, his brain kicking in for a short second.
Dean said nothing and approached a hand instead, watching carefully as he started running his fingers into the cat’s fur.
who literally had to take a breather after reading this chapter a few weeks back.
Cas sighs into the touch, his hands grabbing Dean’s. Dean kisses Cas’ forehead a second time, closing his eyes into the touch.
Dean chuckles before handing him a cup of coffee and a white paper bag. “Coffee and a sandwich for you, directly from Charlie’s.”
“Please, sweetheart, don’t give me the silent treatment,” Dean complains, brushing a kiss into the V-shape of his neck.
“How was your shift?” Cas asks, bringing the bottle to his lips and taking a sip of his beer, still without glancing at his brother.
Life is weird, but Cas is warm against him. And when it comes down to it, that’s all that really matters.
“Oh, yeah, I,” Cas says, suddenly looking sorry. “I remember searching for the one you wrote down but they didn’t have it at the supermarket. I figured this one would do.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean scoffs as he gets up before bending down again and kissing Cas one last time. “I love you.”
He tells himself that it’s the room climate, that Fall is his worst enemy. That he hates rain and misses Summer.
“Maybe,” Charlie shrugs, reaching for his hand and locking her fingers with his. “But you don’t know that. Besides, what’s done is done. I understand that you did this because you thought you were protecting them, and although I do not agree with what you’ve done, there’s no changing it now.”
has been created and I've started a timestamp fic called
happened in here?
“Yeah.”
”. Cas smiled as he tightened his arms around Dean’s waist, both of his hands resting on the small of his back. Dean closed his eyes as Cas brushed a kiss on his lips before burying his face into the crook of his neck, brushing his nose against the line of his throat and breathing in the scent of him.
“Okay. Alright, okay,” he says, eyes closed. “I’m still sorry for what I said though. I’m just- Turning 30 is scary somehow and we’re spending so little time together lately, I just want to spend that night with you here. You know?”
”, enough of an answer.
“Is it? You’re acting weird, you’ve been acting weird for weeks, and you refuse to tell me why. Why does it matter that I like tomatoes more than mushrooms? Or that I like a different beer than you? Or that I’m wearing bright orange briefs instead of black? Why are you making a fuss over stupid things? Is it your way of telling me that you’ve made a mistake?”
“Duly noted,” Cas smirks, mirth dancing in his eyes.
Sam can’t hold a loud laugh at the request, and Cas just grins at his permanently heartbroken boyfriend. Jack just sips the rest of his cocktail, watching his dads bicker like they’re not three of the most lethal and powerful beings on the planet.
I miss you so much, Cas.
They’re standing in the middle of the airport’s departure hall, and it’s noisy and loud, and the coffee surely is terrible, but Cas is kissing him and clutching him closer and making very sweet moans when Dean cards his hand through his hair and tilts his chin to deepen the kiss, and somehow Dean thinks that maybe this
Still perfect. Three rounds to the chest, just like old times.
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean feels Cas’ hand gently finding his, clasping their palms together and intertwining their fingers.
, that mouth. Even after all this time, Cas still remembers how it felt like to have Dean’s lips wrapped around his dick, swallowing around him as he propped himself against the same shower wall like he was legitimately made for this.
Real.
“I love you.”
Cas has always been good at giving head, but this is a completely different level. Dean is already floating into a state of utter bliss, pleasure flashing white under his eyelids as he tugs slightly at Cas’ hair. He looks like the picture of sin personified, looking at Dean while taking his cock all the way down his throat, and Dean fleetingly thinks that if he was to die this would be a good way to go — with Cas slowly but surely trying to suck his brain out of his aching dick.
” before proceeding to squeeze Dean’s arms tighter and fall back to sleep.
told Balthazar about them. Or him at all apparently.
“Yes, I’m sure,” he answers, a sheepish smile on his lips but his gaze never wavering from Cas.
So maybe switching from Grumpy to Dopey was the trick all along.
Cas has absolutely no idea who Jamie is, but he guesses it’s a bad omen if Dean only talks about him when he’s in the middle of what looks like a PTSD crisis.
When Cas draws back just a whisker, Dean keeps his eyes closed for a second, savoring the taste of Cas on his lips, the faint burn of Cas’ stubble on his skin. Cas kisses his cheek before getting up again.
“A box fell out of the closet and spilled on the floor, and it was… letters. Hundreds of them. That Dean wrote.”
Dean. He yearns for him in ways that shouldn’t be normal, especially not after barely 24 hours away- for God’s sake, Dean sucked the living shit out of his dick this very morning while on his knees in the shower before Cas returned the favor. He drove Cas to the airport whistling Led Zeppelin under his breath. They kissed like teenagers in the departure hall before Cas finally ripped himself from Dean and went through security.
“Dean-,” Cas starts before stopping, rummaging through the little box. “Are you- God, you’re
You always felt that you could fix me. That we could fix each other. But I think two souls as broken as we were could never find a home in each other, not really. There were always too many pieces; too many ways for us to cut one another.
“I know that,” she says as he places a kiss on her forehead. “Hey-”
“No, not necessarily. It’s just a reminder about who I used to be.”
“I did, a handful of times. You never picked up. I thought you hated my guts.”
“I’m sure he’s doing just fine.”
— Dean
“What, you’re telling me you’d rather stay here and let Gallagher abuse you every day because you happen to like
Cas chugs his drink instead, before turning back to look at Balthazar who’s waiting patiently for his friend to finish having his mini existential crisis.
Dean sighs, swallows. “My leg woke me up, and I just… I don’t know. Thought of you.”
“I know, sweetheart,” Dean says with a smile as Cas turns to look at him, both arms wrapped around his knees. “We’re way past that right now anyway. Come here.”
“I like him already,” Benny tells Dean with a smile as Cas gets up. “Good taste, kid. Good taste.”
“He did
“Okay,” Cas interrupts, his voice tense as he untangles himself from Dean and rolls over on the other side of the bed. “I’ve had enough.”
They still both go to therapy. Dean still has physical therapy to attend once every two weeks, but his leg and hip are solid enough now that you won’t know anything happened to him by just watching him walk or run. Cas keeps going to his NA meeting without missing a beat, navigating the highs and lows of his addiction like a smooth sailor in a tamed storm. They go to Jimmy’s grave once every week, bringing different flowers and sometimes a bottle of whisky.
He knows what he’s doing is right. He still doesn’t sleep better at night, but he’s finally able to sort through his feelings without having to think twice about what’s good or bad.
Sam raises his eyes and watches as Dean makes his way to the counter, pouring himself a cup of coffee and grabbing some pancakes he made the day before to reheat.
Cas smiles lightly, resting the back of his head against Dean. It feels safer with Dean here somehow. He feels warmer and protected, like always when he’s in Dean’s arms.
Dean scoffs as he bandages Cas’ right palm. “Yeah. Yeah, they did. But you know… like I said, par for the course. You don’t become a Navy SEAL without that kind of strength. Give me your other hand?”
“Not only am I bringing
fucks it up. Rinse. Repeat.”
There’s a smile tugging on Cas’ lips when he kisses him softly, Dean’s thumb still brushing the corner of his mouth. Dean could get lost in the sensation, the warmth of Cas everywhere around him, the way his tongue darts out to swipe on the crack of his lower lip, the sweetness of Cas’ hands pulling him impossibly closer.
“Nothing,” Dean fires back crankily.
Is this really how Dean feels, or is he speaking out of a place of hurt?
“They’re a reminder of what I lost. My brothers. My job. A part of my life.”
“You drove all day without even checking if I’d be here and not the other side of the world on an op? Jesus Christ, Winchester, sometimes I forget how dumb you are,” Benny scoffs, finally taking a sip of his beer as his eyes grow fond.
He didn’t dream the touches, the stolen glances, and the smiles? He didn’t dream Dean putting off his entire schedule (including his beloved morning PT) for the sake of going to art therapy with him, and to lunch just to make him feel better? He didn’t dream of falling asleep with him, and waking up with Dean lying halfway on top of him?
“So you’re telling me you saw Cas again
“Fair point,” Dean laughs against his mouth. “Dude, I can’t believe we’re both hard again,”
“I assumed he’d be leaving.”
“Why are you at Bobby’s?” Cas asks, and it’s so soft that Dean’s entire body aches for him.
“Jesus, that fucking bed,” he groans, burying his head into the pillow.
“Every day I wake up and— you know, all I want to do is to be back there. Fighting.”
None of this has ever been your fault. I think our bodies just learn to protect ourselves. To offer thorns in the hope of saving the flower. In the end, I think this is what it means to be a hunted thing.
” used to be more connected to “
He remembers thinking that maybe heroin wouldn’t be that bad of a call at that very moment.
See you next Sunday for chapter 3, until then the comments section is
Winchester who
He’s starting to wonder when this particular one is going to explode.
Cas presses himself against his back then, wrapping both arms around his waist and leaving a lingering kiss on the nape of his neck.
This chapter has been beta'd by the phenomenal
When his phone rings, Dean picks up in the midst of the first tone.
“How are you doing, slugger?”
There’s a faint smile tugging at the corner of his lips that Cas brushes with his thumb.
“Cas?” he asks when no one answers inside. “Sweetheart, come on-”
The first one is the Winchesters spend Christmas Eve and Christmas Day at Bobby’s with Jess and Cas. Dean doesn’t recall ever seeing Bobby smiling this wide in the past 28 years, and that’s honestly saying something.
“I lied to them. I told Cas that Dean broke up with him, and I told Dean that Cas wanted him gone.”
“No.”
his life entirely-
So Cas tells him about Dean’s words. He tells him about the despair he could feel in every line, how Dean seemed to always hold on. How Dean kept saying he missed him. On occasion, how he wrote “I love you still”.
“What could I even say? “Hey Cas, do you remember me? You dumped me a decade ago, and I’ve barely managed to be in a relationship ever since. I got blown up and basically booted from the Navy, so now I’m back. How about we grab coffee, try to catch up?” Yeah, that’s a fantastic idea.”
“Are you telling me you want to go to your brother’s funeral wearing JCCC sweatpants and that old ratty AC/DC shirt that’s literally been through war?” Balthazar playfully says. And Castiel doesn’t know if he wants to cry because his friend is trying so hard to cheer him up, or laugh because goddammit, Balthazar truly is a work of art. “I know Jimmy would laugh his ass off if you did, but uh… Maybe the rest of the attendants expects you to wear more formal clothes.”
“Don’t get mad at me,” Cas said before lowering the box to allow Dean to look inside.
“Do you need a room with this one?” The other man comments after a minute, his accent coming out thicker as usual, an indication of his nerves. “What happened, did you run away? Something happened with that friend of yours, he kicked you out?”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Cas asks after a minute, carefully threading one hand through Dean’s hair.
Dean groans as he smiles, dropping another kiss behind Cas’ ear before he lets go of his warmth and makes his way to said fresh pot of coffee,
“But?” she asks, ever the trusted companion. “I know there’s a but coming.”
Three blocks away, Castiel Novak wakes up in a cold sweat, unable to shake the feeling of something being utterly wrong despite the fact that it’s the middle of the night.
They’re about to settle at a table when Benny pulls Cas aside. Dean is busy getting their coffee at the counter while Charlie speaks with a few regulars in one corner. Benny’s gaze is intense on Cas and he briefly wonders if that’s what it feels like to be interrogated by your boyfriend’s big brother.
That fucker.
“Yeah, of course. Do you want me to show you?”
There are places I expected to be reminded of you; places that grief calls home. I was prepared to hide from the songs, the movies, the places we shared. But your memory keeps finding me in all the places we never shared. It keeps finding new ways to cut me.
Sam smiles knowingly, his gaze going from Delilah, Eileen and Cas having fun in the garden to his brother sitting on the deck next to him. It’s the end of August, soon enough the night will grow colder, the city will turn calmer, and they’ll have to retreat back to the living room, enjoying one last drink before Cas and Dean have to head back home.
His friend looks back up and finally allows their eyes to connect again.
Prompt — Destiel + growing old together
He’s grown accustomed to the Jimmy-shaped hole inside his heart, to the way his soul keeps searching for him when he wakes up in the morning and only ends up aching as it doesn’t find him. It’d be foolish to think that only 2 months can mend a broken soul, but he’s doing his best.
he says throwing a finger at his brother.
Dean takes a deep breath and half-opens the door to take a peek into the office. Cas is sitting in front of his computer, several tabs opened on one screen and his conversation with his colleagues on Discord opened on the other, seemingly immersed into prepping an article.
“No, I- there was a letter on the counter this morning when I got up, and I opened it and read through. They want him back, and he’s going to say yes-,”
“Go,” Benny says with insistence. “I’ll take care of this.”
“No I mean,” Dean starts, watching as Cas stares at him, electric blue as vibrant as ever. “That’s a good idea. Who were you thinking of inviting?”
“I didn’t expect this to be so…”
“Do you really think he’d read it?” Jimmy asks, unsure of what Dean’s reaction is going to be.
“I love you,” he says, almost able to hear the sound of his heart breaking all over again.
Like a bolt of lightning coursing through your veins. Like stitching all of your broken pieces back together and realizing they still fit if you hold onto them tight enough.
“Um… are you clean? Or do we need a condom?”
“Hey, grumpy.”
“I didn’t want to sleep without you in our bed again.”
He can navigates Dean’s bad mood like a smooth sailor, or Jack’s excited babbling about whatever internet hole he dropped into, or even Sam at his best drunken-level (which, all things considered, always turns out to be a massive entertainment).
“Did you two conspired against me?” Dean asks against the shell of his ear, a smile woven into his voice.
“So you didn’t know everything about me. What’s the big deal?”
Dean watches as Cas retreats, trying his hardest to keep control, not to reach out for him again.
There’s a smug look on his face as he rises up from the couch to join the kitchen, and Cas can’t help but think that maybe this wasn’t such a bad idea after all.
Jimmy called this morning. I kept pondering, wondering if I should ask about you or if he’d eventually talk about it. But he didn’t. And now I’m just left with a hole in my heart because I keep asking myself if you’re okay, and I’ve got no one to answer.
“You sure?” Cas asks, voice muffled by the fabric of Dean’s shirt where his face is pressed.
“What? No, of course I want to!”
As always, I look forward to hearing from you all in the comments section :)
Maybe going to the shrink and unloading everything was a bad idea after all.
going on there.
“I’m serious, your ribs are still injured.”
“Jimmy you gotta come as soon as you can. Cas, he-”
After all the ones Dean has written in countless places, on military bases and literal planes in the middle of the world; after all the words he’s poured on paper to try and mend a broken heart- Cas wrote him a letter.
But that’s also… a fair idea.
The drive to bring the kids home was uneventful, thankfully. They gave the local authorities the usual “following leads” story, and they were so pleased to have the boys back that they didn’t ask too many questions, which Dean appreciated; he had Baby on the road again as soon as he could.
“To get me?”
Jack is on his feet in an instant, his smile wide as he approaches. “How are you feeling?”
"Kill one?" Beckett was taken aback. He hadn't signed up for killing anything.
“He and Eileen were made for each other,” Dean replied. “I’ve never known either of them to sleep later than six thirty.”
mind, when he’d pushed Cas away and felt a stab of pain when Cas just left. “I’m glad you said something,” Dean managed. “And for what it’s worth, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for everything. I never should have…” He trailed off. There were too many ways he could think of to end that sentence. “I thought you were leaving because you didn’t want to stay with us. I should have said something. I should have said something a long time ago.”
Cas huffed a laugh. “I was talking with my brother yesterday, and he seemed to think you were plenty obvious.”
"What does Ziggy say I need to do to get out of here?" Beckett asked, annoyed and slightly frightened. This was helping people?
Cas chuckled. “I suppose.”
“She’s always a good dog.”
“You don’t have to,” Cas says quietly. He steps into the room, sits on the bed, against the headboard. When he raises his gaze to the door, Dean is still standing there. He suddenly feels very tired.
Cas sighed. "I can't help you," he said. He held up a hand to halt Dean's protest. "You aren't in your own body, and you aren't even in the same time period as the person who is.
“How was his honeymoon?”
"Probably more than was necessary," Sam, as Dean, said, making mental note of the other man's name while also wondering who Dean had been drinking with the night before.
“Yeah. I’ve seen him a couple of days this week,” Dean replied. Then he figured he might as well say something, since if he didn’t Cas probably would. “He came over for breakfast yesterday.”
on his rack, where he could get a better look at it.
Silence followed. Dean didn’t lift his eyes from the neat uppercase letters, despite the fact that they were swimming on the page in front of him.
It doesn’t happen.
“It wasn’t for lack of trying,” Cas said. He smiled when Dean looked up over at him. “I thought you’d killed yourself to get rid of Amara,” he added. “I’m glad you didn’t.”
His legs carried him down a different hallway before he could reconsider.
Cas reappeared, eyeing the door as if to make sure it was going to stay shut. "I think it'd be better if we continued this conversation elsewhere."
Over the next half-hour, Al left through his door, not seeing any point in staying since he knew where Dean was. Sam and Beckett sat in their chairs, holding the ropes over their wrists so they still looked tied if you didn't look too closely. They didn't have much in the way of weapons; they each had a small silver knife, and Sam had retrieved his hidden dagger and had it up his sleeve.
Cas blinked a few times, bringing himself back to the present. "It's Heaven," he said.
“Sam.”
A buzz in his pocket pulled Dean back to the present. The sun was fully awake now, sitting above the horizon. People were starting to walk the path by Dean on their morning runs or on their way into town. How long had he been sitting here?
He and Beckett began to make their way to the door, but Cas was standing in the middle of the room, staring off into space.
"Who are you?" Dean asked, looking around uncertainly. He was still the only one in the room.
“I mean I have a text from her,” Sam said. “It just came in.”
A puzzled look crossed Cas’ face. “I don’t need–”
Dean was trying to live a normal life, he really was. He thought he’d started to adjust alright so far. He’d been with Lisa and Ben for a few months, and he’d gotten a job, started paying honest rent for the first time in his life.
Sam nodded like this was perfectly reasonable. “Speaking of which,” he asked, “since you were an angel, do you know anything about what Chuck did to everyone, when people were… disappearing?”
“Look who’s finally awake,” Dean announces when they enter the dining room.
Then there was the lack of excitement over the pie. Dean would have snatched it at the first opportunity, but this morning he had politely taken a slice, even looking mildly confused as to why eating pie with breakfast was an okay thing to do.
“Sam?” Eileen asked, suddenly hoping he was there, somewhere. She leaned against the counter with her cereal so nothing could sneak up behind her. She called once more, louder this time, but still no one came.
Clearly the Empty is doing this to him. Why else wait for him to be truly happy to take him other than to use it to torment him for the rest of time? Cas feels something crack in his chest at the thought. What release can he even beg from this?
Beckett looked around at the space around him. "What happened here?"
"I do. Why don't you come in?" The woman stepped aside so they could enter.
“Something wrong?” Cas asked.
"Let's hope that never happens again," Sam said.
“Cas!”
By the end of the day, Dean was spent. His body didn’t feel like it was his anymore. He was broken, and he was bloody, and he was numb. He had tried to fight his bonds, and he could feel the exhaustion in his bones when the demon finally left him alone.
But then everything had gone sideways, as it had a habit of doing when it came to the Winchesters.
. “I love you, Cas.”
By the time his alarm went off, Dean had gotten exactly no extra sleep. When he shut the alarm off he saw a text from Cas.
“I love you, Dean.”
“Take your time,” Dean says. He squeezes Cas’ side reassuringly. “All the time you need.”
"That's it?" Al asked from the doorway. He was leaning against the door frame, his cigar between his teeth.
Dean to make Cas finally open his mouth. But how could he explain that? “It took a long time - to be able to say anything. You didn’t try to stop me when I left, so I didn’t think you wanted me to stay. I thought telling you I love you was the only way to save you, and so I told you. But I had accepted at that point that I might just be saying it for me.”
When Eileen woke up, her first thought was that she was
“Oh. Then yes.”
When they returned to the bunker, Dean’s hand hesitated over the door handle for just a moment before he steeled himself and walked in, releasing Miracle as the door opened.
He rises up on his elbows then, taking in the room around him. The light glow of the moon passing through the blindfold is enough for him to identify the clutter on the dresser- a mess of flannels, Cas’ sports shorts, stranded socks, and a lonely sneaker that thrones from the top of the pile, for some reason. Dean sits up in bed, embracing the silence the apartment seems to be bathed in, before he finally gets out of bed.
”,” Dean can’t help but chuckle sadly.
“I only want to take a shower if you’re coming with,” Cas grumbles against him before lifting his head up. “But we should probably wait until everyone’s gone- wait, where is everyone?”
“Actually, Jane is one of my close friends. We could go see her once we’re done here, see if she can book you sometime soon?” she had asked, the smile on her lips never wavering. “Only if you feel like it though, I don’t want to pressure you.”
“It’s not just cheese, Cas, it’s GOUDA.”
tell him, then you won’t know what this all means, and you won’t know how he feels for sure.”
Dean scoffs. “Not today at least. Will you clear your day for me?”
Cas tries really hard to ignore the little voice in his head telling him that maybe the reason Dean seemingly hasn’t realized is because he’s known all along.
“Don’t apologize,” Cas says softly as Dean closes his eyes again, pushing into the contact of Cas’ palm against his cheek. “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”
“I want you t-to,” Dean stutters, his eyes closing slightly before he cries out as he twists around both of them. “Come for me, Cas.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s too familiar. Hits too close to home, from their respective messy untangled story.
Dean is a mess under him, nothing coherent except for when he gasps Cas’ name like a litany coming out of his mouth, and Cas knows he’s close. They both are.
He knows that it’s for the greater good. That they’re doing this in the hope that they can manage to get back together once both of them have worked through their shit enough to allow it.
Thank you so much for the incredible support this story has been given over the past months. This wouldn't exist if it wasn't for you all. ❤️
“With your cowboy hat on,” he confirms, delighting when Dean's delicious moan lights the fire and punches through him like a rocket. “Jesus, what you do to me, Dean-”
“Relief?” Dean offers. “Regrets, maybe. Sadness, definitely.”
Dean quickly makes his way back to the bedroom, quietly slipping in and sitting on the edge of the bed, watching as Castiel, former angel of the bloody Lord slowly wakes up.
Benny doesn’t even budge, if not for the eyebrow he cocks at him. “Okay. Enough with the pretense. What’s going on, Dean?”
“I mean, I don’t expect it to be all roses and rainbows, but it’s fucking painful man.”
Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Commander of Armies; petty, drunk and petulant inside a bed that isn’t his own, wrapped around Dean like a goddamn octopus.
• mentions of war/war talk
“You’ve literally fought God, and you can’t get through two hours of Christmas shopping?”
Cas draws in a breath, his mind automatically wandering back to his painful apology from earlier this morning and the look on Dean’s face last night when he lost it on him. Balthazar seems to notice something is wrong, judging by the glimmer of interrogation in his eyes.
I miss looking at the world through your eyes, where I would see nothing but beauty. You had a way of looking at things that made everything make sense, and there is so much about this perspective I miss. So much about you that I miss.
. It used to be connected with hurt, to Dad getting angry and his hand falling heavy on me or Sam, and then apologizing. He’d say the words as if it could erase everything, as if telling your kids you love them could only be something attached to hurting them first.
I’m not sure I can do this anymore. I don’t know how. I don’t know if I even want to.
Thunder rolls and I hear the collapse of cities. The ground vibrates and I feel an earthquake. I might be dead tomorrow, and that’s alright. I’ve always had a tendency to fear the worst. To worry about things too awful to speak out loud. Now that I’ve lived through wars and battlefields, what I fear is not being able to see your eyes again. To die without ever hearing the sound of your laugh, or the press of your lips.
“Yes. Not like I can’t help it with that stupid voice of yours.”
He’s currently pinching himself as he sits on the deck outside Sam’s house, watching the love of his life and the love of Sammy’s life playing with the small human being that came along a little more than a year ago and stole all of their hearts right away. Delilah started walking a few days back, and both Eileen and Cas are currently encouraging her to go from one of them to the other. The little one grins at her uncle as she slowly walks toward him, the green of her eyes twinkling with something mischievous. When she gets to Cas, the once upon an angel lifts her up into the air and she bursts into laughter, automatically sending a thrill of joy through every single one of Dean’s nerves as he watches them twirl together.
“Winchester!”
“‘Tis a stupid question, Dean,” Cas fires back tiredly.
“Do you want to go for a walk, maybe?” he asks tentatively. Not sure what he’s doing but going for it anyway.
Yeah, he looks beautiful. Dean's heart misses a beat at the sight, and misses another when Cas finally spots him in the crowd of other people waiting and smiles widely at him.
Dean slides onto the seat of the car, watching Cas as he walks away, staying silent on the crisp leather of the bench for a long while after Castiel’s silhouette fades away.
There are so many people here, so many that Dean doesn’t know. It’s not a surprise. Jimmy was the social type. It used to make him laugh, the ability he had to go anywhere and come back with a new set of friends.
Dean smiles then, Castiel’s lips kissing inside his neck, because goddamit Castiel swearing has a way of going
“But I
Dean draws back just a little to look at him, a smile on his face.
The pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think he’s taken too much, Jim. Found him in the public restroom outside of Brooke Street, I called 911,” Dean finally lets out, his voice watery. “But you need to get here Jim. You need to get here as soon as you can, I don’t think he’s going to make it.”
“They don’t… prepare you for that. Your entire career as an operator you’re taught that you’re an asset, that you're valuable, that you’ve got the whole country behind you. But the moment you’re not good- become damaged, whatever you wanna call it… you’re alone again. It feels like being thrown out with the garbage and suddenly you’re a liability. Expendable. You’re no one. The system is rigged. The veterans are treated like shit. You wouldn’t believe the rates of suicide among us, it’s vertiginous. And I...  personally, I feel like I’m failing at life.”
“I think I’m going to be, yeah,” he breathes out.
want to be together somewhere down the line.”
If anyone had told Dean Winchester 10 years ago that he would be delighted at the simple thought of walking barefoot on the way to his kitchen, inside his own home, only wearing boxer-briefs and a dead guy’s robe, he would have laughed and called them maniacs.
Suddenly it’s like the strings that have been keeping them out of each other’s space for months have been finally cut. Dean’s arms go around Cas’ waist in one smooth motion while Castiel’s legs wrap around him and bring him impossibly closer. Suddenly all Cas can feel is Dean, Dean,
a mistake. ‘Dog Holliday’ was a mouthful on top of an insane pun that Dean had found so funny he had rolled with it, ignoring the fact that having to call their dog with
“I watched that documentary last night,” Cas starts but stops to hum in contempt as Dean peppers kisses along his neck, “about climate change, and Earth basically dying, and what we could do on our small human scale to at least try and slow it down.”
There’s a hand on his face then, fingers brushing the skin underneath his eye as a tear escapes it, and Cas places a tender kiss on the apple of Dean’s cheek.
“That doesn’t mean he can’t get tired of me.”
“No no, I don’t think it’s
Master Chief Laffite had been his first encounter when Dean stepped foot in Little Creek for the first time, a young buck with an attitude and bravado under his vest. Benny saw past the demeanor and Dean got drafted to Bravo within a few weeks after he graduated from Green Team, and past that point the two of them became thick and thieves.
I know that you probably hate my ass right now, and you’re right to. I don’t deserve our friendship, and I certainly don’t deserve either you or Cas in my life. Even if you can’t forgive me, you should know it’s not too late for you and Cas. I hope this letter fixes at least some of the damage my actions have caused. I hope you see that you two can still have a future, whatever it may be.
His resolve starts to crumble after he tosses his bag on the counter and realizes that Dean is sitting on the deck outside. That’s not unusual, he’s found him sitting at the exact same spot a handful of times, usually late at night when he’s unable to sleep.
Despite starting Prolonged Exposure a few weeks back, Dean’s PTSD crisis are still a major issue. He still wakes up at night and has to be calmed down before he wakes the entire neighborhood, and he hates that he’s making a hell out of Charlie’s sleep schedule. Dr. Kowalski keeps telling him he’s doing better and better, but Dean isn’t sure better is still supposed to be him sobbing into his pillow at least twice a week because the sound of an explosion on a TV show Charlie has been watching triggered a reaction from him.
And as Dean looks at him as he crosses the living room to the corridor, his ass in those jeans a sinner’s dream. He can’t help but smirk back at Benny.
Of how much this decision would change not only their whole lives separately but as a couple as well.
“Cas?” Dean asks as smoothly as possible.
Prompt — Falling asleep in the car.
“Mhm, okay,” Dean groans.
Jimmy shrugs. “Fine. The usual. How was work?”
It’s a 15 minutes walk until he reaches the center where his usual NA meeting takes place. This should be enough for his tears to dry.
I've commissioned the uber-talented
Sometimes you come across a person who just makes everything feel bearable, feel like it’s been worth all the pain. You were that person to me, even after we parted.
Cas laughs. Music to Dean’s ears. “I don’t think you need my help for this. But I’ll be standing by my phone regardless.”
“Cas, that’s not —,” Dean starts, but Cas doesn’t let him finish.
to come.”
So here we finally are. This is a chapter that left me reeling, of which I wrote the entire dialog down weeks ago because it wouldn't leave my head. For those who follow me on Twitter, you might have seen me around that time say that I had "just wrote the most gut-wrenching thing I had ever written in my entire life". This is, in my opinion, where the story changes path, and I'm really excited but also
Welcome back, beautiful peeps! I'm incredibly excited to share this fanfic with you, and I hope you're ready for a wild ride with me!
“Then why are you acting like he left to go backpacking through Europe for the next seven months on his own?”
“Mhm?” Dean asks, already chasing Cas’ lips again.
He knows how he sounds; out of breath, shaky, his voice like sandpaper and gravel.
Sometimes it’s after a nightmare that got him up at 2 AM, when he’s still reeling from shock and rolls over to wrap himself even tighter against Cas’ back. He’ll ask softly, almost trembling into Cas’ ear and Cas will mumble something along the lines of “
to go to the office, and a very selected number of people even knows where he lives. So the mere thought of Cas wanting to have a party is a surprise, but it’s — it’s a good one. It means he’s feeling comfortable enough to allow people in his personal space again, and Dean will take it if it also means that Cas is doing a bit better.
Dean is still Dean. Even a decade after, Cas would still recognize this body with his eyes closed. But Dean is also something else, and all the scars scattered across his skin are a reminder that the man standing in front of his eyes is different from the man he met so many years ago.
“I —,”
“Language, Novak,” he smirks.
“Benjamin. Fucking spill it.”
backfire.
A few things!
Cas works better at 3 am than he does at any other hour during the day, which means he usually goes to bed late but still rises up early.
And Jack also knew that, even though this was his first visit home since everything had happened, he would be back to see them again. It wasn’t something he could help; they had raised him and loved him. And he loved them.
Sam got the accelerant from the trunk of the Impala and went back into the house to douse as much as he could.
"Ziggy says he was overpowered the first time. It turned him into a monster."
"I'll be fine," Sam said, forcing confidence he wasn't sure he felt.
Dean shrugged. “My way of saying ‘happy anniversary,’ I guess,” he said, giving Cas a lopsided grin as he cut into his second breakfast.
Dean laughed. “If it’s the truth, it ain’t bragging.”
Dean is beside him in an instant, a steadying hand on his shoulder. “Take your time,” he says. “I’ve got you.”
“Say something,” Dean said quietly. He didn’t really care what Cas said at this point. He’d said his piece (and
He doesn’t want to eat this breakfast.
“Can I ask you something?”
“I apologize for that,” Cas said. “But it was significantly worse than just a handprint when I put your soul back.”
Cas could feel Sam’s eyes on him, and he caught Dean watching him in the rear-view too. He might have said something if he’d been able to think of anything. Instead, he leaned back in his seat and watched Ohio slide past him out the window. There would be plenty of time for talking later.
“Do you take that camera everywhere?”
“How long have you been here?” Dean asked, suddenly more concerned for this guy’s sleep schedule than he’d been before.
The smell of breakfast hadn’t quite faded, but there were dishes in the sink. Dean scanned the room, but no one seemed to be hiding anywhere. He heard footsteps down the hall, and when he went to investigate, he found Sam.
For some time, it works. Cas would be grateful if it weren’t for the fact that being left alone lets his mind wander, and all he can think about is how Dean looked at him the last time he saw, actually
Dean’s confusion was still there, but he couldn’t say he wasn’t feeling better. “I’m good. You?”
Cas was quiet, scanning the list. So many names were missing, but there, near the top, his own name. Heading the list was a new symbol - Cas had never seen it before, but he knew instinctively that this was Jack’s name on the list.
But that… didn’t make sense. She hadn’t eaten that long ago. And why was she on the floor?
Dean had been fairly certain Cas liked him. It was still nice to have Sam confirm it for him. “I’m having lunch with him today,” he added, just because he thought it would confuse Sam further.
this time. So in examining what he wanted, he was surprised to find that Jack had sorted it out before he had. “I don’t,” he said. He thought he’d be afraid to admit it, afraid to admit to Jack that he was tired of all of this, and that all he wanted to do now was pass the responsibility to someone who wanted it, and to go be with his family. All he felt on saying it out loud was relief. Relief and a deep pain he distantly recognized as homesickness. “I want to go home.”
Silence. No one is coming to disturb him.
Dean considered that. He looked at the tree he’d found Cas reading in. He looked back at Cas. “You were over here?” When Cas nodded, Dean rubbed his hands over his face and laughed to himself.
Dean was lying in bed one morning, having woken up from whatever nightmare of hell. He could hear the water running in the bathroom, and relished the time he had to get a hold of himself before Sam finished his shower.
"So you leap when I get back to the waiting room?" Dean asked.
“The bunker?”
“Depends on your definition of exciting,” Eileen signs. Her back is to Sam, who cranes his neck curiously to try to see what she’s saying.
“I don’t know.” He really didn’t. The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea of a happy medium - a sort of work-life balance he hadn’t ever thought would work. But maybe he could make it work. He could find the line between working cases and having time to just
“It’s rude to brag.”
“Yeah, me too,” Dean said, offering Cas a smile of his own. He brushed his hands together over his nightstand so he could get the crumbs later, and when he looked back over at Cas, the angel had an odd look on his face. “What?”
The man’s head snapped up at the sound of Dean’s voice, his brow furrowed. Even in the soft dim light of morning, Dean noticed his eyes were very blue. “You aren’t Sam.”
“Not to hell, no.” Cas can pinpoint the exact moment a bit of the suspicion drains from Dean’s face, replaced with a bit of his old humor.
Cas nodded, almost to himself. “They just vanished. I think.”
What else could there be? “What is it?”
"For now, yeah. It's what you've always done," Al said.
Castiel knew what to expect. He knew how hell worked.
Cas wasn’t in his usual spot, but Dean had guessed as much. He took a right at the fork, where he and Miracle had been taking the left, and came upon a lake. It was a dark blue in the late afternoon light, rippling where the ducks glided across the surface and splashing where they dived down and resurfaced. There was a stiff breeze too, and a sailboat drifting through the middle of the water.
"Thank God," Beckett said. "Let's hear it."
Dean decided not to think about his dream just yet.
, Cas. You’re family. I don’t need your powers.”
They climbed in the Impala, Dean taking his place behind the wheel.
“Don’t tell me you didn’t know,” Dean says softly. His mouth is turned up ever so slightly at the corners. “For a long time, Cas.”
Cas doesn’t say that. Instead he says, “Lead the way.”
Mostly Dean saw joggers. One said, “Good morning,” as they went past, which Dean answered with a polite smile and nod. One person was sitting on a bench, reading something on their phone.
"I'm right here you know," Ziggy said, sounding miffed.
“What about the day you were actually born?” Sam asked, an amused look on his face.
“Dean?”
It was all about striking that balance, and it would come in time. They would each, all five of them, find that equilibrium between working, and helping, and healing. Life would go on. And eventually, that balance would feel normal.
*~*~*~*~*
When Sam excused himself (a little awkwardly, Dean managed to notice), Cas turned his eyes to Dean. His expression was curious, as it so often was, but there was something else too. Something with more weight to it. “Dean.”
Dean turned his back on Al. Sammy? A werewolf? How had he let that happen?
“So, uh,” Dean says. He swallows. “I’ll meet you in the kitchen. When you’re ready.”
Cas replied, attaching an emoji of a rain cloud and three frowning faces to the end of the text.
"Not particularly," Beckett admitted. "I've done martial arts in other lives, but I haven't done much with weapons."
“He gave it to you?”
“To get pictures of the night sky,” Cas replied. He thumbed through his phone again, clearly searching for something specific.
“Let’s take down the barriers,” Jack said, a determined edge to his voice.
"Left. You got out of the life. You went and found Lisa and Ben, like you promised Sam you would before the fight with Michael and Lucifer."
and Cas can’t quite remember if he’s ever seen that happen before. “You want to…?”
“He’s acting weird,” Sam allows. “It’s gotta be a lot to go through, Dean. Just
The second day Cas wasn’t there, Dean wasn’t worried, per se, he was just concerned about being able to see Cas again. He was running out of days until Sam got back, and then he thought it might be weird to just… keep coming to the park in the mornings if there wasn’t an actual established reason. What would he say to Sam?
“I think I’m adorable,” Dean said automatically. He tried to keep his mind firmly on the conversation and not what Cas had admitted.
"I'm just impressed you managed to catch them," one of the new ones said.
The silence that followed was uncomfortable, bordering on awkward. Dean was determined not to break it, so he stared at the road ahead. He heard Sam ask Cas for more details on how he’d gotten back, and he heard something about Jack and heaven. He knew he should be paying attention, but really he was just getting lost in hearing Cas talk. It wasn’t even like Cas had been gone that long - certainly not as long as he’d been gone in the past - but wow, Dean had sure missed that voice.
Dean stared at the man, uncomprehending. "Sorry," he said sarcastically. "Mind running that by me again? I must have misheard you." He pressed his forearm harder into the man's Adam's apple.
Dean was mildly surprised, and he felt his mood deflate further. "You don't remember?"
In the moment of tense silence that followed, Dean wasn't sure if Sam was finished or not. Sam and Beckett looked around the room, still alert and waiting for a threat.
After a few minutes, there was silence from the werewolves, save for a bit of light snoring. Sam carefully dropped the rope, his eyes trained on the shelves, waiting for a wolf to come after him. Beckett followed his lead, moving slowly to retrieve his silver knife.
Eileen pulled her head back to get a good look at him, to ask what he’d said.
Dean fought the whole way down, clawing against the hellhounds even as their teeth sank into his soul and dragged him further and further down. He couldn’t leave Sammy. Why had he thought it would be easy to leave Sammy? His brother was his responsibility, and he’d left him.
“You said you cared about the whole world, because of me.” Dean was losing his fight against the panic in his chest. “Well I cared about myself because I cared about you. I cared about making it to tomorrow, and the next day, and the one after that. I always knew I was gonna die bloody - go down swinging - but I didn’t want to anymore. I wanted to finish the mission and I wanted something else, because of you.” He didn’t care now that his words were shaking, because he felt like he was holding Cas up, despite Cas’ iron grip and unwavering gaze. “I love you, Cas.”
Dean shook his head. “I’m sorry. For everything.” He wasn’t sure what he was referring to, but he was sure it had something to do with the Mark, and with Cas going through all he’d gone through.
"Me too," Dean said. "Beckett, can you move your arm at all?"
"Don't want to."
“Nothing,” Dean says. “It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.”
“I think the rest of heaven could use some rebuilding,” Jack said. He looked up at Cas when he said it. He looked sure of his decision, but not unlike someone who still wanted the approval of someone he cared about.
Should she just… answer him? He’d asked a question, after all. Even if it had been a few days, it seemed rude to ignore that, so she typed out a quick,
"Fantastic," Dean said, his voice bland.
“Wouldn’t have a mean dog,” Dean replied. He’d meant it to come out as more of a joke, but his exhaustion was catching up to him and the joke fell flat. He managed a small smile in the mirror, and Cas seemed to catch it anyway.
“Waiting for something?” Dean asked. This guy seemed suddenly expectant.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Cas promises. He even believes it, for a moment or two.
“Lots of work to do.” Bobby sighed, looked Cas over quickly as if gauging what he thought the angel would do next. “Well, come back and visit sometime.”
Dean grinned. “It’s the black one,” he said, nodding toward the Impala.
“What’s the matter?” Dean asked, his brow furrowing ever so slightly. He studied Cas’ face, trying to parse those features he’d learned so well. He removed his hand from Cas’, reached out with both hands and cradled Cas’ face as he’d wanted to do the last time they spoke. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
"He's got great timing, doesn't he?" Dean muttered, looking up the stairs. "I'm going up there to see what I can sniff out. Get yourselves out, but don't be too conspicuous."
Castiel held up the camera he pulled from his bag. “I like to photograph it.”
It was a quiet kind of activity that really was pleasant, if Dean had to admit it. He would still prefer sleeping in, but he could understand why this was something that Sam enjoyed doing.
and make sure to stick to it.
“Not in the morning,” he said. “Sam will be home early, so I won’t have time.”
They remained in the private room at first. Dean tried not to pay attention to what his first victim looked like. But of course he did. He noticed that the person was young, and scared, and they screamed and cried, and the sound made bile rise in Dean’s throat.
“And the afternoon?”
Dean was considering the appeal of tearing the computer to pieces with his bare hands when he heard someone in the doorway behind him. He turned to see Al standing there, not looking pleased.
had to be the one who pulled you out.”
” Dean says. “Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed.”
"Yeah, I gathered that part," Beckett said. "Apparently we're here to investigate one, but I don't know Al. These guys use fake badges and have more guns than I've ever seen in one place outside a range. This guy, this Dean guy I'm in, he sleeps with a knife under his pillow."
It’s his room, just as he left it. He stands just inside the doorway. The bed is neatly made. His precious few belongings are in their places.
“But something’s
Time worked differently here, but Cas was sure the project hadn’t taken too long from start to finish. He and Jack were in a room, in heaven’s main compound. Angels warily milled about outside, but for now they paid them no mind. Instead, their attention was turned to a map, not quite to scale, laid out on a long table.
Winchester,” Dean said. He kicked his shoes off by the door, and Cas followed suit.
"You love it as much as I do," Beckett said.
Cas wheels around at the sound of Dean’s voice. He takes a tentative step back. “Asleep?”
"Indeed," Ziggy said. "And you should get back to your room."
“It is a nice picture,” Cas finally declared. “You may keep it.”
“We were just getting ready to go,” Sam says. He neatly folds the rag in his hand and sets it on the counter pointedly.
He tried again.
“Ready?”
adorable) so it wasn’t hard to find the one he was looking for. He selected it and held it out for Cas to inspect before he could think better of it.
you?”
So she’d disappeared then. Who knew what had happened in the interim, but she was back now. She checked the date and realized it had been four days since she’d started and not finished her text. That certainly explained how weird she felt.
Dean wiped his eyes and shook his head. "I shouldn't have let that happen."
“No, I can stay,” Dean says. He shifts again, suddenly full of nervous energy. He glances down the hall before he steps carefully over the threshold and closes the door behind him with a soft
“Promise me that
When they pulled into the bunker’s garage and Dean killed the engine, he thought he might just fall asleep right there in the driver’s seat. He was tempted to. He didn’t, but he was tempted. Instead he mumbled a quick, “I’m turning in. See you in the morning,” and took Miracle down to his room. He heard Cas say, “Sleep well,” in response, but he didn’t have an answer to that.
“Welcome back,” Sam is saying. “How are you feeling? It’s a powerful spell, so don’t try to move just yet.”
Dean froze. The voice was soft, though he couldn’t tell if it was distance or some other reason. But it
“You’re Jewish?”
“What about you?”
Cas just nods. He stows his blade slowly, in case putting it away turns out to be a bad idea. Letting Dean talk might let him get his own thoughts in order.
“Made it,” Dean said quietly. He knew he should wake them, let them know everything had worked. But he couldn’t help wanting to put it off another few minutes.
"Can you fight? With a knife and a gun?"
So Cas loves Dean. Okay. That wasn’t too surprising really. Sam had to admit that the two of them had always sort of… gravitated, toward each other. There had been looks that Sam had noticed and not commented on. (Dean had even said some things, not too much more than hints but definitely not something he would say about someone who was just a friend, when he’d had too much to drink. Just once or twice over the past several years. Sam had dutifully kept those things to himself too.)
“Well, if it’s on the way.”
“Sometimes.” Castiel checked the images in the display. He looked around. Took a few shots of a bird that was hopping on the ground nearby.
Thankfully Miracle didn’t want to be out in the rain either, and she did her business quickly. Dean toweled her off as best he could when they got back in the door so he didn’t have to worry about a wet dog wandering around his house. He briefly regretted letting her on his couch, and put a blanket down on it so if she jumped on while she was still damp, she wouldn’t soak the cushions.
“What if I’m really obvious about it?”
Sure, Cas had come back before. Hell, his coming back would be a habit by now if the human mind could ever get used to death not being final. But Eileen had too. She had
Cas pushes himself to sitting. He eyes Dean warily, but the hand on his leg is relaxing. “I feel fine.” It’s a lie. It isn’t a lie. Cas can’t seem to decide which it is.
“I’m glad you’re back,” Jack says. He presses his face into Cas’ shoulder, and Cas’ heart breaks open.
“You don’t want round two?” Sam asked with a slightly crooked smile.
“Okay.” Cas still didn’t make a move to get out of the car. “Will you be in the park tomorrow morning?”
"Oh, you know what?" Sam said, feeling his pockets. "Do you have something to write with? I'm afraid I'll forget the way again if I don't write it down."
Castiel hummed his response, seeming satisfied with his camera’s settings. “It’s a hobby, for the most part.”
“You’re bringing your computer?” Dean asked. He had to turn the wipers up when he pulled out onto the main road.
“I don’t need help finding a date.”
Sam is there, doing dishes. Eileen is nursing a mug of coffee. They’re arguing about a show or movie that Cas has never heard of, but to hear and see them tease each other is comforting all the same.
“She found you this one.”
Cas smiled sadly at him. "You haven't said that in a long time," he said.
Cas doesn’t answer at first. Dean is behind him. He’s sure if he turns around, this whole scene will disappear. If he makes his way to the bed, he’ll end up falling again into nothing. “I…”
Could it?
Cas’ brow furrows and he narrows his eyes, studying this Dean. “Okay.”
“He’s not,” Dean says, with more force than Cas thinks is entirely necessary.
better than saying.”
“I’m here for you. Why else would I be here?”
That was fair. Dean remembered those times he’d pushed Cas away. He’d thought he’d had to. He’d had his reasons. God, they were stupid reasons.
“It’s…” Sam didn’t think he could finish. Mostly because he was sure he was seeing things. “It’s Eileen?”
. You said that’s when you crawled out of your grave, right?”
A thoughtful look crossed Jack’s face, and Cas couldn’t tell if it was because he hadn’t thought this far, or because he didn’t know which project to tackle next.
Cas sighs into the darkness of Dean’s shoulder. He isn’t entirely sure if he’s comfortable leaning like this, but he decides that if it keeps Dean beside him, keeps the fantasy going just a little longer, he’ll manage.
“I thought you might still be asleep, to be honest,” Sam said, but he hugged his brother anyway.
Dean shook his head quickly. “No, not at all,” he said. He was relieved when Cas relaxed. “My Hebrew name is Michael,” he offered.
Cas couldn’t remember the last time he’d been asked to consider his own wants. Not ever really, and certainly not to this extent.
to get crushed,” Cas says, voice all annoyed and hot.
Dean is setting up plates on the table when he says, “Do you think you’d manage to tell me anything about you at all?”
“Care to elaborate?”
Non-smut peeps, skip the part right after the 4th-stars divider!  As usual there's some emotional stuff in there but they also get smutty :)
“He’s dead, Dean.”
“Cas is… he loves someone that doesn’t exist anymore. The Dean he fell for all those years ago is dead. I’m nothing like the man I used to be, and he deserves
“Lawrence, Kansas. Novaks household,” Dean says weakly, “I’m sorry,” he adds after a while, closing his eyes and breathing out loudly.
An idea pops up, and he takes a hold of his phone and makes a few phone calls, shoots a few texts. It takes a little while until all is set, but he can hear the shower spray indicating that Cas is in the bathroom so he doesn’t have to hurry too much. Once he’s done, he makes his way to the kitchen with a plan in head.
Benny just laughs at him before clinging their beers together.
, and there’s no guarantee that he won’t do the same again. And this time there will be
“It’s not gonna bite you, I swear. Just take two and thank me later.”
“I’m fine. Why don’t you tell me what’s up with you instead?”
Dean squirms in his seat, suddenly uncomfortable.
Cas is shivering in between Dean’s arms. His head is heavy, his lungs aren’t cooperating anymore. But Dean is carding a hand through his hair while he murmurs sweet nothings into his ear, and for a split second Cas allows himself to believe that he’s going to be fine.
“Yeah, well, no need to worry. I’m never going back in the field. So unless someone decides to poison me with spiked coffee or to run me over while I’m crossing the street, your anxiety levels should get back to normal soon enough.” Dean answers, gloomy.
Cas smiles faintly. “Come on-”
“My life is with you now. With you and our house and the hordes of kids that aren’t really ours but are ours anyway coming and going. With Sam and Eileen and their kid to come. It’s not- My life isn’t about hunting anymore. My life is about you, and us, and about everything in-between,” Dean says as he smiles at Cas, his finger smoothing back his hair more as a coping mechanism than actually trying to make his messy hair better. “Don’t you get it?”
It’s only half a lie, but he doesn’t really have the heart to touch the PTSD subject just yet, and certainly not with Cas.
“What did he tell you?” Dean asks again, softly.
Patient Love "the book" will be available in a couple of days. Keep your eyes peeled for a link dropping on my social media and on the front page of this story. I won't be making any profit from the book, but if you do want to support me, my ko-fi link is at the bottom of the page. You will be buying it off the printer's website, so I also won't be handling any kind of transaction or shipping; that means unless you tell me, I won't know you've gotten the book! Feel free to show me if you get it :)
There are tears swimming in Cas’ beautiful baby blues, and Dean aches at the sight.
“I suppose, if I find the right person for me… Yes, I guess.”
I know, I know. This is a surprise isn’t it? You’re going to open this up and think that I’m pulling a prank on you or something. I’ve never been the writing type — out of the two of us, it’s always been Cas. As a matter of fact, I think the last time I ever wrote to you might have been a postcard from my trip to Guatemala, and it was a play on words in Spanish (for the record, I still think it was hilarious).
“I will push you down the stairs and blame it on the dog,” Dean warns, a smile on his lips.
And I’m so sorry, Dean.
This is unbeta'd, so any mistakes are my own
Which doesn’t mean that Cas cannot laugh at him still.
The star above Dean and Cas, it had hope for both of them.
“And overcome, yeah. But that was before. Today I’m… I’m basically broken.”
His eyes are on him suddenly and Cas hates that he finds nothing remotely similar to what was in there last night. No glint of hope. No twinkle of anything but self-loathing, fear and pain.
Cas smiles at that, brushing his lips on the corner of Dean’s mouth and Dean exhales loudly, letting Cas take the lead and trapping his bottom lip between his teeth lightly.
Dean closes his eyes. “I don’t know, Cas. I guess we just have to figure it out as we go.”
doesn’t work like that.
Okay so “an appointment with a doctor” might be the easiest way to put down the fact that he’s seeing a therapist, and for the first time in his entire life it comes straight from his own volition.
“Good night, sweetheart.”
Fanart made by Rei, that you can reblog
“You know I jerked-off on this here,” Cas says after a moment, threading a hand through the mess of Dean’s wet hair carefully as Dean let go of his mouth to look at him. “After we slept in the same bed again for the first time, after learning about Jimmy.”
“Yeah? Wait, do I need to grab a bucket of popcorn and some refreshments? Is it going to be like Papa Beaver’s storytime?”
Not that Dean has any complaint whatsoever, but he’s self-conscious about himself enough to know he doesn’t look as good as he used to, flat tummy turned into small pudge and love handles be damned.
“What are you doing up?”
You’re the love of my life, and I never want to let you go.
“I know I will never be good enough to be a soldier anymore but I was hoping to get a little support here,” he scoffs, looking down on his feet. “Guess not.”
Castiel frowns, pushing himself off Dean and standing up again.
He’s about to go and exit the room when her hand wraps around his arm and he turns back to look at her. There’s a smile on her face and something blooms inside his chest at the sight- pride maybe, at seeing her so happy.
“I mean you’ve got something good going on here. Just, don’t- don’t lose sight of that. Okay?”
I broke you two up.
Dean’s voice breaks on his brother’s name, and suddenly Castiel feels the pain flooding his guts again, and closes his eyes briefly on impact.
“I have?” Benny says in disbelief after a moment of stunned silence.
The last thing he hears before he bolts outside is “And don’t fucking come back if it ain’t to apologize.”
Again, this simple sentence seems to be acting like a slap to Dean’s face and he lets go of Cas’ hands, his green eyes glinting with hurt. But Cas aches so much that he doesn’t find it in him to even care. It’s like fire eating at him inside, ripping through his guts and wreaking havoc all the way into his throat.
Dean smiles against him, kissing his skin softly as they both sink back slowly into sleep.
“Do you ever think about having kids?” Dean lets out, his brain too tired to even stop before it’s out in the open.
The truth is he’d rather be anywhere but here — on his couch reading a book or binge-watching some crappy reality show on Netflix, whatever. But this bar is crowded and his week has already been hell, and what he really wants over everything else is not something he can currently have.
want your pity and I
• Post-traumatic stress disorder
“Ah,” Cas nods, turning his head to try and get a glimpse of the hunter, “I woke up at 6 and I needed to stretch my legs. Didn’t want to wake you up so early, you came back pretty late last night.”
“Tell me one thing Novak,” he says as he sits down next to him. “Why do you keep tanking every single one of my attempts at getting you laid?”
? Why?” Benny asks in disbelief. “The tip of the spear goes —,”
And then Dean’s life skyrocketed around him.
“You’re the one who called me all panicked and told me to come as soon as I could!”
“I’m going to miss you too,” Cas whispers against him, squeezes him one last time before letting go. One minute and he’s gone.
“Thanks Char. Nothing’s done yet, though. Maybe I just won’t ever be able to overcome all that shit and I’ll stay with you until we’re old and fat and owner of too many cats.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?”
“You did think about it though,” Dean smiles. “Why didn’t you tell me before?”
Dean brings his hand to Cas’ hair as the ex-angel tumbles into his chest, burying his face in the crook of Dean’s neck. He cards through the mess of dark hair steadily, waiting for Cas to talk again, but he only clutches him harder, his nails digging into Dean’s back.
drowning and exploding, falling and flying. And maybe they’re both going to regret this later but not right now, not yet. Not when Dean’s fingers are finding their way into his underwear and wrapping around his length, not when Dean is gasping his name over and over again against his lips.
wished Cas had picked up. Because hearing his raspy voice even through the phone would have helped ease his nerves.
“Eat your salad, Sammy,” Dean answers, pointing his fork at Sam’s nonsense of a lunch before he picks up again. “As I said, I haven’t said yes yet.”
Cas decides that a fifth trip to the grocery store maybe wasn’t that much of a waste of time, after all.
The truth is, normally it wouldn’t phase him. But seeing as what he really wants to do right now is being able to punch his brother in the face. It sparks something alive in him and within seconds of hearing the voice at the other end of the line asking for Jimmy, Cas actually sends the phone receiver flying across the room until it meets the end and explodes against the hard surface of the wall.
“I know. Thank you. Again, it means a lot,” he answers with an easy smile, already walking toward the door.
Holy fuck.
, maybe he can pretend things are fine.
Dean finally turns to look at him, green honey eyes starring right at him in the obscurity of the night and the comfort of the Impala. There’s a shadow of a smile on his lips as he comes closer and kisses the angel softly like it’s just a normal thing to do.
Cas seems uncomfortable for half a second before he composes himself. “No, actually. I graduated from JCCC in 2015, Journalism & Media Communication.”
I also know now that all of this was just selfish. I was afraid of losing my brother and losing my best friend, and I didn’t even realize that in order to avoid it I put both of you through so much misery that it shattered both of your lives. I think if you had stayed, if you were still with Cas after his overdose, things could’ve been so different. I was so scared, Dean. I was scared of losing my brother, scared of having to watch him fade away. I was afraid you’d sacrifice your life too, staying in Lawrence instead of doing those big things you always talked about. I didn’t expect you to go the Navy SEAL route but you did, and I’m so incredibly proud of you. It probably doesn’t mean shit coming from me after everything you’ve read just now, but I am. I’m always going to be proud of you.
“Benny?” he asks again, bordering desperation. “Spit it out, big boy.”
“Breakfast,” Dean deadpans, his back to Cas as he prepares god knows what in a pan.
Cas smiles a little. “I mean, if you don’t plan to take me skydiving, I think I should be safe. So yeah.”
There’s stunned silence at the end of the line, but Cas doesn’t clarify and just waits instead as he tries to regain control of his limbs.
“I was thinking of fixing a Cosmo for myself. D’you want in?”
he asks, his mouth finding his way under Cas’ ear.
Benny subtly nods as their eyes connect, urging him to tell Sam and Charlie about the whole ordeal- Dean cracks.
Her tone is warm and soft, safe and assured. Yet Cas feels the edges of shame coursing through his veins as his gaze falls down his feet again.
He looks like a kid again and suddenly Jimmy’s transported back to 8 years ago, an image of Cas lying in a hospital bed superposed to the one of him right now lying inside his own bed.
I look forward to reading your reactions in the comments and on various social media spaces as usual :)
They're idiots. That's it, that's literally all I can say about that chapter. Enjoy!
“Shoot,” Dean says, raising an eyebrow while he dusts off the apron before removing it.
“Do you mind if I grab the shower before you do?”
What to do when you’ve got nothing left to hang onto?
“I won’t. I’m right here,” he says lowly before capturing Cas’ mouth in a kiss. “I’m not going anywhere.”
There’s a beat for a second, where Dean keeps his face hidden in Cas’ neck, only disrupted by the sound of the paper wrapped around Cas’ sandwich. But there’s no mistaking what the slight tremor of Cas’ hand and the way his heartbeat accelerates just when Dean presses a kiss against his pulse point before straightening back up really mean.
“Glad my pain seems funny to you.”
talking, that means a lot.
“You’re insufferable,” Cas laughs.
“Well, do you think moving in with your ex of 10 years after less than 2 hours spent together in the past decade is a good idea?” Sam asks as he eyes Dean’s almost untouched plate. “Are you going to eat that?”
Warmth spreads again into Cas’ chest and he snuggles closer into his own blanket, a fleeting smile on his lips. “Okay.”
“I’m just an insecure asshole,” he grumbled, refusing to look at Cas and favoring the view of his own bare feet on the hardwood floor of the kitchen. “We’ve been back together for two months and I already don’t know how to sleep without you.”
“I thought you were ashamed of me. That you only loved me when I was stable enough, that me being a fucking junkie was the last straw for you to leave.”
“First off, you’re gonna hit the shower. Now.”
Jimmy likes Balthazar, actually. But their relationship is one of love/hate, and if they don’t insult each other whenever they can, it means something’s wrong. Castiel typically enjoys their banters and stands on the sideline of it, watching them arguing playfully for hours when they go out together. It’s a sight for sore eyes.
We back for chapter 11! This part of the story features a couple of flashbacks for the first time ever. A lot of you have been asking about Cas' past in relation to drugs, or simply as to what happened between Jimmy, Cas and Dean. A couple of these questions are going to be answered in this chapter, but feel free to toss more in the comment sections as usual!
“I shouldn’t have said any of what I said last night.”
I miss you.
When Cas walks through the door of his apartment that night, he’s determined to tell Dean about the letters, and generally set on getting to the bottom of what’s been happening between them both, for the sake of his own sanity. He doesn’t know how he’s going to get there, or through this, but he has to. If not for the good of his own sanity, then for Dean. Dean deserves to know.
But Dean apparently became a master at schooling his features somewhere between the past two months and a decade ago, and he plasters a smile on his face instead.
“He doesn’t. In fact, I don’t think I’ve heard him use any term of endearment towards anyone but you.”
• referenced past drug addiction
(See the end of the chapter for
Live this way long enough and, eventually, the heartbreak begins to feel comforting, like an old friend. If I’m honest, I can’t help thinking it’s the only thing I can rely on not to leave. It’s the closest thing I have to home.
Cas wants to argue, wants to tell him that a relationship works both ways. That the damage that’s been done between them two isn’t the result of only one of them fucking up, not even taking what Jimmy did into account. But he says nothing, holding it in for later, when Dean is done saying his piece.
“I think I’m going to be, yeah.”
“Okay,” Dean says as he reluctantly retrieves his hands.
“Do you promise?”
“Learned from the best.”
“I’ve always wanted to join the army. Maybe I should do just that.”
Just a few months back this seemed so unattainable, and now here they are.
“Cas, why the hell would we throw a party?” Dean interrupts his pitch, his voice still heavy with sleep.
“Did he-,” he stutters, voice so brittle that it takes everything out of Jimmy not to break. “Did he say anything?”
“Yeah, babe?” Dean answers innocently, but Cas know better than falling for his act, “something on your mind?”
“Yeah. I told them no.”
“You miss him.” Charlie smiles at him, and Dean squirms a little at how much he feels.
“... is that it?”
And then his mind registers that these are Cas’ hands roaming on his chest, and these are Cas’ lips softly gliding over his, these are Cas’ teeth grabbing his bottom lip, and that is Cas’ tongue finding his, and
He knows what he’s doing. He’s known Dean far too long not to know that this is how he does damage control.
• use of homophobic slurs/implied homophobia (not from Cas, Dean, or Jimmy)
“A couple more-,” Dean starts before stopping himself, looking more and more bewildered. “I’m not a friggin’ junkie, this is my leg we’re talking about!”
What he doesn’t expect is Dean crossing the room, cupping his face in both hands and kissing the living shit out of him before letting go with a smile on his face.
Dean thinks he could get used to that.
. What more could go wrong at that point?
Dean chuckles slowly, more for himself than anyone else. “Yeah.”
Cas’ eyes on him feels like shining stars and it’s almost too much to bear, too many emotions overflowing him at the same time. The love and the wonder, the absolute dedication floating into those two baby blues that Dean dreamt of so many times over the past decade crash into him like a tidal wave, and Dean can’t take it anymore.
“Don’t go dying on me,” Dean says slowly. “Alright?”
“Yeah. Don’t have words yet. I think you disconnected my brain. It needs to restart.”
We back! This is a big, pivotal one (I feel like I'm saying that every week, but whatever). I cannot wait to see what you think (I look forward to being yelled at, as usual). See you in the comment section!
For one single second, he thinks Cas punched him, or that he’s been sent to Hell on the spot for even daring to keep his best friend from leaving.
“What happened? Cas gets tired of your ass?”
“I don’t want to get dressed,” Cas finally uses his voice for the first time in hours, and he hates the way it comes out hoarse. Painful.
Bobby cocks an eyebrow at him, taking another sip of his whisky, as if saying “
He sits up on the bench, making sure he is welcomed before invading Castiel’s space. The other man doesn’t make a move, his eyes fixated on the river. He’s wearing his godforsaken pair of dark grey sweatpants that Dean is sure he’s seen more in the past month than ever before and a ratty old shirt only barely covered by a hoodie that Dean’s pretty sure is Jimmy’s.
“How’re you feeling?”
He’s almost asleep when he hears Dean’s voice rumble under where his mouth is pressed against his throat. Dean’s hand is in his hair, carding tenderly through the mess and he fleetingly thinks that if this is what Home feels like, Heaven’s got nothing on them.
Of all the things Dean could’ve come up with, this is one he didn’t see coming.
In all honesty, Cas should’ve seen it coming.
Cas’ hand finds its way into Dean’s hair, tugging on his honey-brown locks lightly and repressing a deep moan as Dean mouths at his cock through the fabric of his boxers. He should probably feel a little ashamed at how quickly he grew hard in the span of the last couple of minutes since Dean made his way into bed, but he’s honestly too tired to even care.
“I’m home, right here.”
Dean smiles weakly, eyes returning to the ceiling as he turns to lie on his back.
“Alright.”
“Yeah, we’ll be fine,” Dean nods against him before leaning back to take a look at Cas’, both hands framing his face. “We’ll be
you, Cas. I want you however you want me. Anything you want of me, you can have, okay? Because you belong here with me, and I want you to stay. That’s why I went and got you.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said with a smile. “I’ll let it slide.”
The door stood open and when Dean stepped in and closed it behind him, he saw a flash of bright white light and then he was standing in a basement. Or he assumed it was a basement from the total lack of windows and the staircase that led up.
They sat looking at the pictures all through breakfast. Dean liked the raw files just fine, if he was being honest. They were certainly better than his phone pictures. And if he had questions about them, Cas was more than willing to answer.
She was in trouble.
In an effort to not look overeager, Dean let Miracle stray off the path once or twice as she followed her nose. It still wasn’t long before they caught up to Cas on the hill.
Cas wheels around, his coat fluttering around him. He looks around frantically, eyes wide and seeing nothing until – there, not a hundred feet off.
Dean thought about the picture Cas had shown him on his phone the other day. “Often enough.”
? “Yeah Cas, I have to talk to you about that.”
He’s sure this is a trick, but he
On the desk against the far wall of the room was a note. It read, "Went to grab something to eat. Don't start the case without me."
"Great, tell me," Beckett said.
Dean was about to say something else when the alarm on his phone went off. He groaned and fumbled it out of his pocket.
Dean’s hands are on Cas’ arm, on his side. “Cas, buddy, talk to me.”
Dean didn’t know how he was supposed to react. The angel who had saved him was dead – and three years ago he wouldn’t have thought that was even possible. Hell, just a few months ago, with Cas all juiced up on soul power, he wouldn’t have thought it was possible.
When Sam had gone, Dean went back to bed with the intention of taking a nap for another hour or so. Instead, he spent that time replaying his conversations with Cas. Mostly the one from that first day. He could swear Cas had told him he was there most mornings. Now he wasn’t so sure. Maybe he’d said something about that week instead? He was sure they’d said something about him being at the park enough to be friends with Sam. Maybe he’d misinterpreted?
Cas recognized that guarded tone. He wondered briefly if he’d misjudged in saying it again, even though it was already out in the open. It wasn’t as if Dean didn’t know at this point. But, there was no going back now. He settled himself into a more comfortable position, folded his hands in front of himself, and waited.
This didn't seem to make Cas feel any better, but he grudgingly agreed.
“Sure, I guess,” Sam says.
“Need a break?” Dean asks. “You can go back to sleep.”
“And… What now?”
"It's rude to leave a question unanswered," the voice said, and suddenly the keys wouldn't press anymore.
“Time for what?” Cas asks. He has nothing but time, here.
Dean takes a deep breath. “Please look at me.”
Sam just smiled at her, set her gently on her feet but didn’t release her. “I’m so happy you’re okay,” he said. And the way she smiled at him, he felt all the tension he’d felt for the last several days just melt away. He knew he should test her somehow, make sure this was really
When they were ready to leave, Sam grabbed the keys to the Impala, trying to gauge Dean's reaction. Or lack thereof. Dean didn't react in the slightest to Sam just assuming he could drive.
“Something happened,” Dean says. It isn’t a question. “What was it? The Empty?”
Dean growled and swung again, and the light recoiled. A dark satisfaction wound its way through Dean’s chest. “Who are you?”
“Yeah, you did.”
, Dean thought angrily. He struggled against the hands holding him down, almost growling in his rage. He wasn’t
Cas reached into a pocket and pulled out his camera. He reached into another one and pulled out a lens. “It’s easier than the bag.” As he spoke, he pulled the cap off the camera and the backing off the lens and twisted them together, setting the caps in one of the pockets and pulling the camera strap around his neck.
“How do you do that?”
"Why was this so difficult then?" Dean asked. If it was really going to be that easy, they shouldn't have failed.
So Cas was working at a gas station. Dean hated himself for sending Cas away, but he made sure to stop by and check on him every time he happened past the town where Cas was living. Even if he happened to have to take a several-hour detour to get there. Sam never mentioned it. Gadreel hung around.
"Why not?"
, but he remains alone.
Home. There’s that word again. For all its warmth and comfort, Cas doesn’t trust it. He clenches his jaw to hold back the sob that bubbles in his throat. But he
“That bad?” Cas asked, cocking an eyebrow.
“You don’t have to apologize.”
“He told me he loves me.”
Al furrowed his brow, confused, but he continued, "Our funding was being threatened, so my friend stepping into the Accelerator before we were sure it would work. He's been taking little leaps through history since then. Currently, he's leaped to you."
After another moment, Cas’ mouth was gone, and Dean was so terrified to open his eyes that he at first didn’t even register that Cas was still solid against him and under his hands.
The drive to Cas’ apartment was simple, and it was easy enough to retrace his route from the other day. Cas was waiting in the doorway to his building when Dean pulled up. Dean reached over to unlock the door as Cas jogged over, a hoodie pulled tight in front of him.
Cas looked like he was about to lunge at Dean, but Sam held him back. "Cas, don't."
Sam jumped and spun in the hall. He relaxed when he recognized Dean. “Oh, yeah, good morning.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Cas has come back before,” Sam says and signs back. “He’s not usually like this. I don’t think.”
Dean felt a little weird, walking where Miracle walked. He felt like, as the human here, he should be the one making the route decisions. But Miracle came here most mornings, so she seemed to have their regular route memorized.
Cas’ typing bubble appeared, disappeared, and reappeared.
Cas looked up quickly. He was so used to those words being used to indicate an advancing enemy, but all he found was Jack studying him. “What is?”
Jack gave him a lopsided grin. “I learned from the best.”
in the morning.”
Lisa tried to make conversation over breakfast, but Dean’s heart wasn’t in it. He wanted Cas there. He wasn’t even sure why anymore, but at the very least he wanted someone there he could actually vent to. Cas knew everything that had happened. Cas would tell him he had deserved to be freed from hell, and dammit, even if Dean knew he wouldn’t believe it, it would be really nice to have someone there who sincerely meant it, despite everything that had happened.
Cas smiled again. "I'm glad you're back," he said, and then he pressed a kiss to Dean's lips.
But Dean insisted, and Sam indulged him.
“I overslept,” Cas said with a shrug. “I told you, I was sleeping.”
“I didn’t sleep.”
The door was broken down, and Beckett supposed that was Dean's handiwork. It was quiet on the other side of the doorway, and Beckett was on his feet to investigate in a moment. He didn't remember it being so quiet; there had always been far too many people for quiet.
He remembered something he’d said to Dean a few years before, about settling down with another hunter - someone who understood the life. Dean had brushed him off, but Sam thought the idea had merit. Maybe he didn’t want to hunt anymore, maybe he did. The fact of the matter was that he believed that there could be a happy medium. There was certainly enough material in the bunker to keep him occupied with research for years. He could still hunt - after all, he was pretty good at it. But what else? Was that really all he wanted?
me, Sammy?” Dean asked.
“Didn’t think I’d just leave you here, did you?” Dean tried to make it an offhand comment, he really did, but it came out far too soft for that.
There was a sound of a tumbler being turned over and then the door opened, and a man peered into the room. "Good, you're up," he said, stepping to the room.
"How was Heaven?" Dean asked.
, and Dean wondered briefly if Sam had managed to fire a gun. But the sound didn’t ring like a gunshot, and a heartbeat later sparks were raining down from busted fixtures on the ceiling. The adrenaline kept Dean’s heart beating, which was good, because otherwise he thought it might stop altogether.
Simple.
“Oh.” So maybe he wasn’t rejected after all. Of course, Cas could just be about to reject him now. But there was silence for a moment, and Cas couldn’t seem to get any words out. “Is that… okay?”
Cas narrowed his eyes curiously. “Not specifically,” he replied, though it seemed like he was searching through what he knew as quickly as he could. “I don’t think he actually killed them though. I think he just… got rid of them.”
Except.
Cas seemed to consider. “Am I?”
They asked how his work was going, and Jack kept it as short as possible. It had been a few months since he’d taken over, but he didn’t want to get his family involved anymore. They’d earned that much.
“Me too, Cas,” Dean said. Home. With Cas. Dean’s grin widened. He held tight to Cas’ lapels, refusing to consider the possibility that the spell had worn off.
There’s a light up ahead. The thin line of a portal. It’s wavering ever so slightly. Against his best instincts, Jack’s name makes Cas perk up. “Recuperating?”
Benny sighs. “I have something to tell you.”
Cas has seen the way his eyes grow hollow when the sun starts dipping and day turns into night, and he knows to some extent what’s going on inside his head. He’s heard the screams at night, the way Dean’s voice resonates through the walls as he yells at an invisible enemy.
Dean smirks at the obvious memory, but Cas doesn’t seem to get it as he simply groans in response against him.
Cas smiles and doesn’t say a thing, watching as Dean cups his cheek and leans in for a good morning kiss. They’ve already abandoned the pretense that they have any care in the world about morning breath. And when Cas finally complies and finds Dean’s tongue against his, they both exhale like they’ve found a new purpose.
“So you’re driving me?”
Tissues, anyone? 😬
“Cas, sweetheart-”
Dean smiles weakly. “Can we talk?”
Dean doesn’t respond right away, making a move to wrap his arm around Cas’ shoulders and bringing him closer. Cas goes willingly, plastering himself against Dean’s side as he adjusts the cover around them. Dean brushes a kiss on Cas’ forehead before sipping his coffee, his eyes slowly returning to look outside.
As Cas and Dean slowly find their marks around each other, several layers of secrets are on the verge of collapsing.
, Castiel answers with that same playful smirk on his lips
Castiel didn’t really mean to say anything about his sexuality to their foster father. But both Dean and Cas have a habit of not being very subtle, and walking in on them getting handsy in the hallway of his own house had been a little too much for a homophobic piece of shit like Gallagher.
This is gonna be a long day.
“Mhm, fuck work,” Cas whines as Dean kisses the side of his mouth and goes down the expense of his neck, littering kisses against his skin. “Don’t go.”
“Babe, it’s not supposed to be an excuse for me to be an asshole every time I manage to spend more than two hours in the same room as you!” Dean argues. “I don’t want to do that. I promised myself I’d never turn into my dad and look at me.”
If the whole scene wasn’t so heartbreaking, Dean would pause and his heart would ache at how beautiful Cas looks. Black hair sticking up in 12 different directions, chiseled jawline, and light scruff peppering his cheek.
“I don’t want you to
Dean drops the letter on Cas’ desk along with lunch from Charlie’s when he comes back from his therapy session at noon. Cas doesn’t react right away, too content to let Dean kiss his neck for a hot sec as he rummages through the bag from Charlie’s, and makes pleased noises in the back of his throat as Dean thoroughly maps the line of his throat with his lips.
“Huh, Cas... No he doesn’t.”
The bottom line is, Dean doesn’t deal well with Cas crying. It sets something alight within him that he can’t control, and that’s what makes him draw him closer and place a soft kiss on his brow in an attempt to soothe him.
— Cas
He puts both hands on Dean’s shoulders, boxing him in to force him to look at his face. He doesn’t. His eyes never waver from where Cas is lying.
And with that, Dean disappears into the corridor and Cas is left alone with his doubts and hurt.
, and
“Cas?”
He takes a breath before going on.
Dean has been nothing but understanding towards him. Sitting next to him whenever he has a breakdown, holding his hand when he breaks into tears. Even tucking him into bed a few times he wasn’t even able to hold onto his feet after yet another mental breakdown.
This may not be Afghanistan, but it sure as hell looks like a bomb went off.
He apologized for the way he said things, not really for
Benny sighs. “You’re not responsible for Johnson’s death, Dean. We all told you a thousand times.”
Castiel doesn’t respond right away, his eyes not moving from the spot they’re stuck on the ceiling.
I've become pretty good at hiding from the things that burrow into my skin; at holding up avoidance as a metaphor for healing. It's been the same with you. I turn away from the music, the films, the places that remind me of the people we were. From all the things that have become synonymous with your name.
Dean nods and they get outside. It’s still early and the sun is shining lightly but the air is as cold as it gets for March in Kansas. They walk until they’re alone in some secluded part of the hospital’s park. There, Dean stares at him with all the composure he can summon, but Jimmy has known him a long time. He can see the tear tracks on Dean’s cheek, the way the green of his eyes doesn’t shine with energy as it normally does. How his shoulders threaten to snap with the tension that’s gathered behind his shoulder blades.
He opens his eyes then and Cas catches that glint in them. The guilt. The pain.
It’s Dean who smiles this time, and Cas can see the edges of his pain behind the light in his eye. And it punches through his stomach, the pain a reminder of everything that’s still left in ruin.
Some part of his brain catches up to the fact that this is what being with Dean has always felt like, and although it feels really good, part of him still aches at the thought.
And it’s alright. They’ve got time.
He flickers his eyes at the bottle in Cas’ hand, then back at his face. He hates what he sees dancing inside his eyes — pain, mostly, but also resignation. He looks so lost. Even more lost than Dean has ever seen him, and it takes everything in him not to reach out, not to shake him up and away from the self-loathing and sorrow.
He brushes a kiss on Cas’ cheek before bending down to catch Cas’ gaze, a finger under his chin to tilt his face up.
“And I said I didn’t remember, because part of me doesn’t want to remember that time, part of my brain blocked it away from me because it’s too painful to remember. But what I do remember is I slept through the night like a baby after Jimmy stuck those things to the ceiling.”
“So is there a reason why you aren’t staying with Sam and Jess?”
, we’re 16!”
Dean looks at him, studies the way he stands as if it’ll give him some insights on what his once-upon-master-chief is trying to accomplish (as if anyone could ever read Benjamin freaking Laffite like an open book anyway), and stands up in his turn, following him into the base’s large corridor.
“I don’t know, what did he say about you in these letters?”
Dean silences him with a kiss and that’s that.
The memory of you imprinted on my soul has become heavier than it should be, a weight that I still shoulder, still don’t know how to finally put down. I’m so tired of missing you, of waking up with your name still heavy on the tip of my tongue, still folded behind my teeth and embedded in my bones.
A few things to say:
Maybe he should’ve stayed home after all.
Dean is standing in front of the fridge, pondering his 3am snack between a banana and a Mars Bar when two arms wrap around his waist and a very warm Castiel plasters himself against his back. He shivers slightly at the lingering kiss Cas leaves in the V-shape of his neck and runs a hand along the skin of Cas’ arms.
“A couple? There’s like… dozens, they’re so fucking expensive. Jesus, Dean-”
Dean smiles widely at the deep moan that leaves Cas’ mouth as he gently circles his hole, slicking it thoroughly before pushing one finger in slowly. Cas’ hands curl around his shoulders, holding on to him for dear life, Dean revels in watching the journey on Cas’ face as he slowly opens him up. After a little while Cas takes one more finger in, and gradually starts riding his hand as more curses start leaving his mouth.
Jimmy knows all that. Of course he does. But having it all thrown into his face by someone else is a different story.
“I just thought I knew everything about you. I
“This one is calling us ‘Deancas’ and this one is going with ‘Casdean’. Jesus, this is the bad place,” Dean sighs, secretly pleased.
It takes a while for the tears to stop, for his breathing to return to a steady rhythm. Dean never let go, relentlessly carding a hand through his hair, brushing kisses against his hairline, murmuring sweet nothings into his ears.
Even just thinking about Jimmy crossing the door, arms full of grocery bags and a smile as big as the Empire State Building makes his pain rise. He has to stop on the way to the front door to get his wind back.
It’s then that he feels it rising.
“Dean? Dean what’s going on?” he asks, immediately straightening up in bed, body tensing in reaction.
He sighs. “You know how you keep nagging me about trying to get me to tell you what happened between me and Dean?”
Cas stops when he feels the tears coming. Dean’s hands are warm in his, they ground him to reality, but he’s also starting to shiver with the intensity of the emotions swirling around his mind, and he needs to keep it together. When he opens his eyes again, Dean’s lock-in with him instantly, the emerald of his irises shining with the dull light of the moon above them.
“He’s a friend.”
. Would you please stop being an ass?”, “Oh
“And now he’s gone too, and I don’t know how to do this. I just… I don’t know how to get through this without him.”
Chief Petty Officer — the seventh enlisted rank (with pay grade E-7) in the U.S. Navy, just above petty officer first class and below senior chief petty officer.
“Promise me,” Cas says in a breath, his hand threading through Dean’s sweaty hair and tugging just the right way for Dean to see stars.
“I think it makes me spicer, Winchester.”
“I know that syndrome pretty well, I’ve seen it painted on John’s face for years before he fucked off to God knows where.”
“Who told you that you’re failing?” Bobby asks, his voice smooth, careful. A striking contrast to his usual grunt, abrupt tone.
“You,” he exhales against him, earnest and raw. “I want you, sweetheart.”
“About what?” Cas asks, running his thumb along the line of Dean’s jaw.
But there are also those other days, when I can feel the fragments of my heart dancing around my chest. Those lost passages of time where everything stops, and the world is drowned out by those unanswerable questions about what might have been.
But Dean knows better. And this? This is better than any Heaven they could’ve crafted for him up there.
“I need to go to a
Cas nods as Dean rises from his seat and kisses his cheek before heading down the bunker garage to prep his Lady.
“So you don’t think that’s weird?” Dean asks, carefully crafting his words. “Sam thinks it is.”
“Ahoy, Master Chief!” Dean answers immediately as Benny drops his duffle bag on the floor and draws him into a bone-crushing hug.
He thinks of mom, and dad, and Sammy. Of Bobby and Ellen and Jo. Of his legacy.
Cas swallows, closes his eyes and slightly pushes into Dean’s palm. He looks exhausted and Dean’s heart- if possible- shatters a little more at that.
can’t
Dean cards his finger through Castiel’s hair after a while, and the angel shivers at the sensation, a pleasant feeling washing over him.
Cas cradles his jaw with one hand, the other firmly pressed into Dean’s naked shoulder over the burn marks.
“I’m being an idiot, aren’t I?” Dean scoffs, hiding his face into Cas’ shoulder.
, and I practically… I jumped on him, we got each other off against a
“What do you mean you’re sorry?” he asks in disbelief as Dean goes right back to staring at his plate and his coffee mug.
— Dean
“I love you,” he whispers tenderly, the words echoing against Castiel’s throat, and he can feel the definite shudder rolling over his skin, “never forget that, okay? Even when it gets hard.”
Cas smirks, color slightly returning to his cheeks as he eyes Dean. “Yeah, he is.”
He can feel the weight of her eyes on him when she answers.
“Woah, and I’m the dramatic piece of shit?” Dean says as he pretends to ignore the way his heart just accelerated.
against his lips.
He stops for an instant, and Dean can’t help but reach out for his hand, squeezing it softly once he finds it, and even finding the strength to link their fingers in a desperate attempt to make Cas feel better.
“Kids?” Cas adds, cocking an eyebrow at his best friend.
“Yeah. Yeah, best friends. But, I don’t know… Dean and I, we were… I don’t know how to explain it. Once we got the apartment, Dean almost moved in with us. It’s possible that Jimmy felt like he didn’t fit anymore between us.”
“I never understood what happened, you know? I just…”
Dean doesn’t respond right away, reaching for the pot of coffee on the counter and grabbing an ugly mug to pour it in, eyes half-open. Cas watches him curiously over his computer screen, squinting his eyes at him.
There are arguably a few things that Dean dislikes more than anything else in the world — kale, having to pass on coffee when they’re in a rush on any given morning for whatever fucking reason, kale, when the motel shower doesn’t have any pressure and oscillates between ice cold and Siberian cold (Castiel sometimes argue that they’re the same fucking things, but Dean still begs to disagree), kale, when Sam or Jack mess with the alphabetical order of his record collection (Castiel knows better than ever stepping foot near it), kale, not managing to find out what’s wrong with Baby for more than 24 hours, kale, kale, kale, kale.
“Dean,” is all Cas says. And for tonight, maybe that’s enough.
“Cas offered his spare room to Dean,” Sam says without any preamble.
All these thoughts stop once he finally parks the car in the hospital’s parking lot and gets out in a hurry. That’s when his soldier brain kicks in, and he focuses only on the path in front of him as he runs through the forecourt, enters the facility and goes straight to the ER without a care in the world for anyone gravitating around him.
Turns out he now has a plan for today, and suddenly it’s like his body is living out of his own volition. He’s off to take a shower without even realizing until he’s halfway to the bathroom. He gets dressed in next to no time before snatching Baby’s keys from the motel’s table.
“Okay, alright,” Cas says, acknowledging. “Can I at least get a hug?”
?! Charlie, it
“Which is Cas being here and still wanting to be with you!”
“Am I still a felon in your book?” He asks jokingly, and he can almost feel the curve of Dean’s smile where his mouth is pressed against the slope of his shoulder blade.
“Mhm,” Dean sighs against Cas’ lips. “‘mgonna take that as a no.”
Charlie laughs. “Buck up, cowboy! People are going to be there in less than an hour.”
Back to poking at the fries. At least these won’t bite.
For a long moment they just stay like that, content to bathe in their own embrace, the silence of the room only disturb by their quiet breathing. The sun is slowly starting to rise, soaking the bedroom in a soft golden glow.
“I don’t know. I just want to be able to think about it and weigh the pros and cons, and come to a proper conclusion. But it’s not going to happen if everyone just keeps yelling at me that I have only one choice to make and it’s saying no.”
he thinks.
babe, alright,” he whispers against Cas’ lips, kisses him sweetly as his fingers slips out of Cas’ hole wetly. “You sure about this?”
Dean’s hand finds his shoulder and he does his best to lock eyes with Cas’. Once he does, wild blue seems to be on fire.
Want to see Dean's written letter?
, especially if you want to know anything specific about this story!
“You do know that you’re not alone in this,” Bobby says. “Right? Your brother is right here. Jessica, God loves her for still standing by the Sasquatch, is more worried about you than I’ve ever seen her be worried about anyone else. And what’s that about Cas? You two back together?”
Teddy smiles back at him and Dean decides that he likes him, actually. When he keeps his hands off Cas, he’s fine.
, he thinks fleetingly.
Castiel slips a finger underneath his chin and lifts his head back up to look at him. Once their eyes connect, his thumb pads at Dean’s lower lip and Dean closes his eyes.
, I promise.”
Cas slowly extends a hand and carefully slides it beneath Dean’s shirt, grazing his fingers against the skin of his back firstly before sliding it up his spine. He doesn’t react whatsoever, which only scares Cas even further. Dean is typically relaxing into every single touch of Cas, and he’s unresponsive right now.
He loves Benny. He loves working with Benny. It’s truly been the best choice he's made in a long while aside from Cas. But damn, does this smartass drive him crazy.
It comes out shaky, rough even. But it doesn’t really matter once it’s out in the open. It doesn’t matter if it’s 3 AM and his leg feels like it’s on fire again. It doesn’t matter that they haven’t seen each other in a month. What matters is that Dean owns up to what he feels instead of burying it down his throat never to be spoken.
“I’m right here for you, you know,” Dean says softly, turning just enough to brush his lips against Cas’ cheek in a tender move, “you don’t have to carry this alone. I’m not just here for the fun and nice, we’re in this together.”
He misses Cas.
Cas looks so sad suddenly that it sends a spark of fear through Dean’s nerves and in the span of 2 seconds he’s kissing Cas again. It’s soft and assured, and it takes a few seconds before Cas kisses back, both of his thumbs brushing Dean’s cheekbone while his hands cup Dean’s jaw. When they finally part, slightly out of breath, Cas’ cobalt blue eyes are a little bit lighter but it’s still not enough for Dean.
He rips his hands away after a while, noticing the tension in Dean’s muscle. He brings it back to Dean’s chest and rests it atop his heart, just like it was before, pretending that it's a random placement.
They’re silent for a moment as Sam switches their plates and Dean keeps sipping on his coffee, looking everywhere inside the café but at his brother. He locks eyes with Charlie for half a second, but it’s enough to have her cross the shop and drop on the seat next to Sam.
If he only knew how many times Dean drunk-dialed or drunk texted him, asking about Cas, telling him all about how much he misses him. Begging Jimmy to let him talk to Cas. In fact there’s very little that Dean hasn’t told him, and how much he’s still hung up on Cas is very clear.
Jimmy wants to say it is, wants to yell at his best friend that this isn’t what he’s supposed to do. He’s supposed to go to college and do great things, pick up a job he loves and live his life. But it’s not like he has a right to do so. He’s the one driving him away after all.
“Cas come on, it’s just coffee. Alright?” Dean says as he rises back up with a frown, a hand on his left hip.
“He’s dead, Charlie! We’ll never have any answers!”
“I grew angry at you because I watched first hand how heavy it weighed on Sam. And you didn’t explain anything. Sammy shakily told me that you left for the army but at the time I don’t think he even knew which corps. Then I had to track the Novaks, and James told me.”
Hello Dean,
“I’m great,” Cas answers, a smile on his lips as his hand travels down to find Dean’s and clasps their fingers together.
“It’s not about what I want, Cas,” he says gently.
Cas smiles, recognizing the frown of Balt’s brows for exactly what it is: worry.
- Is Cas going to find out about the letters? Mmmmmaybe. Mmmmmaybe not. The letters are going to be addressed somewhere along the way, but I won't tell you yet
Dean shakes his head, scoffs lightly as he looks down at Holli. “Nope. I used to track him from afar, when I was still in Virginia. Not anymore. I don’t care. He made his bed, he can die in it. I don’t need him anyway.”
“But they were friends, weren’t they?”
Missouri closes her notebook and places it aside on the table before standing up to sit next to him on the couch. She takes a hold of both his hands and looks at him directly into his eyes, her brown gaze warm on him. It manages to soothe him and he breathes in and out again, his nerves quieting down for the first time in a long while.
And yet, I felt safe because you were next to me. Because there was nothing but skin between our bones. For the longest time, your skin was home to me.
The empty dial tone that follows Benny hanging up rings several times into his ear before Dean disconnects the phone and goes right back to staring at his ceiling.
Dean sighs, rolling his eyes. “Don’t know if you saw that, but we literally bumped into each other. I wasn’t about to let him leave without his coffee.”
“When did Jimmy find out about you using?”
But right now tightly wrapped into Dean’s arms, his body pressed against Dean’s, he doesn’t find the energy to care about any of it. Instead, he finds Dean’s hand and laces their fingers together.
“Alright,” Benny complies. “If he does anything stupid, you have my permission to smack his stupid head.”
Thanks to my beta-readers for their time and expertise:
“Do you miss it?”
As usual, come yell at me on
He’s looking at him like he’s seeing a ghost, hands momentarily frozen on Dean’s side.
Dean gruffs, helping the angel out.
“I’m sorry.”
He’s just sitting at his desk when something drops on his table and he looks up at the face attached to the body in his eyesight.
“But it all feels so pointless too. We’ll never know because he’s never going to be there again, and I just… I have to move on not knowing the answers.”
It’s always been Cas, it’s always going to be Cas. No matter what happens.
They’re a reminder that grief doesn’t always have to be a burden. Grief is a journey, and they’re on this one together. One year might just be a drop into the eternity that is life, but it doesn’t mean you’re not allowed to hurt. Time will pass but you won’t forget. And that’s okay. You’ll get there.
He knows, somewhere in the back of his mind, that this is goodbye. Not forever, not the same wound as the decade-old scar still raw on both of their souls, but still a goodbye. Dean needs to heal, to figure things out. And Cas needs to let go, even for a little while.
It takes a while. Cas lets go as he breaks down on the couch, knowing he’s allowed to do so. Once he’s finally breathing almost evenly again, the hand on his arms leaves him and Missouri picks up the conversation.
“Why would…
He never stays.
“I don’t want us to part angry.”
The paramedic smiles at him. “I can’t make guarantees but I think he is, yes. There’s a long road ahead for him, but he’s going to make it.”
a silent guy by any means.
It took me a while to realize that putting miles and oceans between us didn’t make a difference in how I felt. There was a time when I just needed to be somewhere where there wasn’t anything we had shared. A stranger in an unknown city. I thought it’d help me heal. Help me find a way to forget you.
Holli had been with them for less than a month at that point, and he was already keeping his and Dean’s hands full, so the mere thought of adopting another animal hadn’t even crossed Cas’ mind. It all changed eventually when they passed a little black cat in one of the stalls, and her stellar green eyes attracted Cas’ attention immediately.
The kitchen island is covered in plates. Scrambled eggs, bacon, waffles, pancakes… you name it- it’s there.
No matter how pissed he still is at his brother, no matter how much rage he still has boiling within him, there’s no denying how much he misses him. That much becomes almost clearer once he starts reading through his brother's words.
Castiel’s lips are soft when they meet his, they’re slow and hot and everything Dean knows he’s not supposed to want.
) when Castiel enters the room and starts stripping from his (or really, Dean’s) white tee-shirt and his (again, Dean’s) jeans right away like he’s got a monster on his ass. Dean cocks an eyebrow at him, watching as both tee shirt and jeans fly to another side of the room and ten seconds later a very sweaty, very naked (very enjoyable) Castiel crawl into bed and start laying kisses on various attainable body parts (which means no exciting parts, since Dean is fully clothed).
“Okay. Can you open it?”
Cas hums into the quiet of their room. “Love you.”
Charlie raises from her chair suddenly, and Jimmy feels exhaustion reaching his bones.
“Listen to me very carefully, Sammy,” Dean growls, and no matter how annoyed he tries to make himself look, he’s actually enjoying their banter, “Not even on my death bed.”
“It’s 1 AM, you’re exhausted and I have an early call to make tomorrow- well, today, actually.”
But I don’t know how to stop. How to be anything other than the person that loved you. This is the problem with writing these letters that hold on to pain, it becomes a defining part of you. Heartbreak has become a habit I don’t know how to break.
“Cas, I’m a fucking mess. Look at me!”
That is until a very specific sound pings off Benny’s phone, and Dean feels his heart in his throat.
Kissing Dean has always felt like a rollercoaster of emotions flying around his entire soul, but right now as Cas’ tongue glides on the swell of Dean’s lower lip, it’s more of a storm than a ride. It takes both of them in strides, like waves crashing on a shore, breathing together, crying together. Cas feels as broken up as he feels reborn, and Dean’s still clutching him closer, still murmuring his name against his lips as they part and find each other again.
Whether real or fake, Cas can’t resist the hope on Dean’s face. “I can manage.” He swings his legs over the side of the bed and offers Dean a smile.
Beckett stared at the empty space. "So he's actually an Angel?" he asked.
Sam laughed, a short surprised sound. “Well I’ll just take Miracle and get out of your hair. Unless you want her to come be your wing-man some more.” At the sound of her name, Miracle came trotting over. She sat when she saw her leash in Sam’s hand.
Maybe she’d been knocked unconscious by whatever Sam had been worried about? But she was still at home. If she’d been in danger, she would have been dead. Or if Sam had found her unconscious, he wouldn’t have left her there. And he would have come to find her, right?
They walk for some time, but Cas can’t tell how long. He stares at the back of Dean’s head like he can will it to stay right there. He makes an effort not to tempt the silence, but at a certain point he has to know. “Dean?”
Cas risks opening one eye. It’s dark, but not pitch dark. A line of light is visible from under a door. There are footsteps coming down the hall and Cas has the wild idea to pretend he’s asleep.
"I'm glad you're okay kid," Al said to Sam. Sam nodded his thanks and Al took Dean's arm, leading him through a door back to Project Quantum Leap.
"That's my understanding," Dean replied.
“Needs sugar, right?” Dean asks, inspecting the glass and smacking his lips.
sure, but at least physically, he feels fine. “It’s been…”
Cas isn’t sure. He didn’t think this fantasy would last this long. “Something comfortable,” he manages to say.
“Jack’s fine,” Dean says. His eyes rove over Cas’ face. His free hand reaches up and brushes a loose lock of hair away.
Dean’s brow is furrowed in concern, but it eases when Cas meets his gaze. He turns, his hand dropping down Cas’ arm to fasten around the wrist.
Eileen set her bowl in the sink and unlocked her phone, immediately opening her text conversation with Sam. There was the text she remembered typing. It was unfinished, cut off about halfway. There were new messages from Sam too, asking if she was okay and if she was back.
“Like life, without all the hunting crap,” Bobby said, a grin spreading across his face when he turned back to Cas.
Dean’s voice is hollow, like he’s asking from some distance. Cas races after him, but after two hundred feet the figure ahead of him is gone again, and he stops.
“Cas! Hey! Cas, who are you talking to?”
"She's our super computer. She knows what happened back on that...hunt? That's what you called it?"
Cas waits. He’s sure he’ll hear Dean coming down the hall any second now, just like last time.
Dean stood abruptly and rounded the table. Cas stood as he approached, and Dean wrapped his arms around him, just as tightly as he had before, but more solid this time, less desperate. “I’m not going anywhere, Cas, not anymore.”
Sam mentally kicked himself for leaving her things at her place instead of taking them with him. It had seemed like a good idea at the time. “Not on me. I could get something.” An idea occurred to him, and he pulled out his phone to text Dean; maybe if Dean was nearby, he could just stop at Eileen’s while he was out and grab something.
“Dean, are you sure this hunt isn’t just a distraction?” Sam asked as the sun went down. They’d been driving with only the radio keeping them company.
“Dean,” Cas managed, his voice still that soft echo. His grip tightened, and he looked afraid, though Dean couldn’t figure out the cause.
Beckett nodded. "I take over a person in a certain time period, to change things that went wrong before. When whatever it is is put right, I leap out and go to someone else."
“Cas, can you hear me?” There still wasn’t an answer, but something about the stillness around him did seem to change. It was probably his imagination, but he decided to keep talking anyway. “Cas, you know you aren’t supposed to spring that kinda thing on a guy if you aren’t gonna stick around, right? You’re supposed to confess your love for someone and then give them a chance to react.” Dean took a steadying breath; if he stumbled over that last sentence, well, it’s not like anyone was listening anyway, right? He kept wandering. He kept rambling. “How long were you sitting on that anyway? How many times were we alone for a drive, or a movie, or a case, and you could have said something and let me answer you?” Okay, so he was definitely stumbling over his words at this point. He told himself it was because he was wandering through a void and his instincts were on high-alert for some kind of threat, and not because he was definitely thinking about the answers to his own questions - about how many times he might have had something to say to Cas if he’d only been a little braver. “It’s a lot, Cas. There were a lot of times.” Why the
When the descent finally halted, Dean felt himself thrown forcibly against a rack, his injuries flaring painfully. Somehow he was in a body that must still be his, and he could see light reflected from him. No, not reflected. He had to be the source of the light, because no other source was anywhere near him.
It takes Cas a moment to answer. Dean’s room looks the same as the last time he saw it, but standing in the doorway, it’s almost like there’s new weight. Cas doesn’t understand it.
Cas laughed, short and sharp with surprise. “It sounds odd when you put it that way,” he said. “I go by my Hebrew name. He doesn’t.”
“I suppose.”
“Please.” Cas might say the word out loud, or he might just make the attempt. Either way, he thinks Dean understands.
“Cas?” Sam asked finally, pushing himself to his feet.
“Why you?” Dean asked quietly.
“I have to get him back Sammy.” Dean’s voice was quiet when he spoke. This was his last chance, he knew - either he went to the empty and dragged Cas back, or he went to the empty and died there.
"No," Cas said, voice firm. "That doesn't even
"There's this guy who travels through time and takes over people's bodies, putting right what once went wrong, as his friend put it. He jumped into my body on that hunt, supposedly to stop whatever happened to Sammy, and that landed me here in this forsaken place," Dean explained. "But you could see him, so I guess he hasn't done his job yet."
They stood in silence for a few moments.
Upstairs, a whole family of werewolves was congregated in the living room.
