It was after hours, and the two laid close together on Deans bed. He'd apologized to Cas earlier. He sighed, "I'm just not ready. This is...scary."
Tom then pulled out a pen and wrote his number on his hand. "If you need anything, call me. Or even if you don't."
Red flashes across Dean’s cheeks as he rubs the back of his neck. “I still don’t know all the chords,” he mumbles. He downs half of his drink and shakes his arms out. “You think Tammy’s gonna take it off tonight?”
Low in his chest, Castiel laughs. “I’m serious. I’ve been looking for something to commemorate our time together, but I can’t ever seem to find something that I think you’d like.”
Castiel looks right back at him, nodding along. “It would be a shame if we were to sneak through the gap in the fence.”
The afternoon comes and goes, and Dean manages a measly two-hundred words before Castiel wanders into their dorm room, his hair mussed from running his fingers through it and his eyes tired, even more than normal. He carries with him a takeout bag from the barbecue place in the center of town, and Dean gladly abandons his days’ work in favor of eating away his feelings.
“It’s a binding spell,” Rowena confirms, although slightly unsure. “It’s old magic, though. Older than my time, I’m afraid.” She pauses and holds both of Castiel’s hands, observing the marks side by side. Her face sours, just what Dean wants to see. “Oh, this is a cruel one.”
“What—no, no.” Red paints Dean’s face. “You really think I’d do that? After all the shit we’ve been through—”
“You should’ve,” Dean sighs. Gingerly, he rolls over to face Castiel, wincing until the strain in his ribs stops. Looking at him in the dim light, Dean aches to touch him, to comfort one of the only people in his life that’s looked at him and cared. He has gray around his temples, from a life lived too fast and ridden too hard. Nearly fifteen years apart, and Dean feels just as old some days. “I’m fine. Gonna be fine, just gotta rest and I’ll be back.”
The second door turns out to be a half bathroom. Flipping a switch, he squints against the sudden light and the brightness of the sink basin. The toilet is fairly new, and the wallpaper is an atrocious shade of red, with white lines running up and down the length of it. Worst of all, he sees himself and the blood pouring from the wound to his temple. Through his shirt, blood seeps through, dying his hand. “No,” he whispers. The lights flicker dangerously. “No, no, not here.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam mutters, sounding small. “Ruby, she… She promised me that I was doing the right thing. That we were gonna stop it, and…” A breath; he swallows, his lower lip trembling. “The shit she made me do, I didn’t… I couldn't stop. I couldn’t stop, Dean, I tried—”
It won’t work, but it’s a shot. With the last of his strength, Dean carries Castiel out of the barn, leaving behind the remnants of his wings. The walk through the woods is even lonelier now, two bodies traveling but only one breathing. He holds Castiel as close as he can, looking straight ahead. Later, he’ll regret not searching hard enough, he’ll regret cutting off Castiel’s wings, but for now, he walks. With stinging eyes and an ache in his back, he carries Castiel to the house, occasionally brushing his nose against Castiel’s cold temple.
Last week, Dean finally accepted nearly two years after the fact, that Castiel was dead, and wasn’t coming back. Two days ago, Dean started looking for headstones just to find some sort of closure. This morning, Castiel hugged him—the whiplash will kill him before the bacon grease can.
“We’d like to promote you from angel to Dominion,” Naomi says. Blasé, almost bored. Meanwhile, Castiel can’t breathe. “Depending on how you handle your new position, you may be allowed to keep it. But for now, it should be enough to subdue Alastair’s army, and possibly him.”
A hand comes up to touch his own, fingertips pressing into his palm. Castiel is alive—Castiel is here, and Dean still can’t believe it.
Leaving Sam as the only other person awake. For a while, Dean sits in silence, and doesn’t look up when Sam steps outside, falling into the other rocking chair at his side. Wood creaks. A cat scrambles atop the wreck of an old Plymouth and begins to clean its back leg. “How long were you down there?” Sam asks out of curiosity. Dean’s stomach still turns just thinking about it.
The screams die away. One by one, the world grows quiet, and the fire grows brighter. “You’re buried in a cemetery outside of Pontiac, Illinois,” Castiel rumbles, echoing through the chamber of his… whatever this is. True form? A brand new cage? “I’ve done the diligence of digging up your remains. You’ll awaken in a gas station. Go to the first motel you find, and call for me. It might be a walk.”
Benny glances around the kitchen and around the corner before he speaks, his voice nearing a drone. “I know ‘bout him, if that’s what you’re askin’. I ain’t said anythin’ to the other two, ‘cause that ain’t their business, and it ain’t mine either. But his old man is a piece of shit, and whatever happened that day, he must’ve gave it to Dean good, ‘cause he never talked about it.”
Castiel pulls over a rolling chair and sits at his side. Repeatedly, he opens his mouth, then closes it, the words dying before they make it past his lips. “What happened to me?” Dean asks, his throat raw. The actual incident can wait—what’s wrong with
Every day, Dean wishes the same. Rather than speak, Dean pulls him into a kiss, tasting the coffee on Castiel’s tongue. Castiel sighs when they part, his breath shaking ever so slightly. “Don’t fall asleep in class.”
Dean keeps his hands firmly on the wheel, especially as the rain begins to come down. The further they drive, the closer they get to the outskirts of town, formerly house-lined streets replaced with barren fields and barns. “I’ve got machetes in the trunk,” he says. His knuckles blanch, and Castiel aches to touch them and ease his fear. “Do you need one, or—”
“Why don’t you believe me?” Pulling away, Castiel looks down at him with pity in his eyes, or confusion. Dean would guess the former. It’s the only reason he would understand.  “You deserve to be saved, Dean.”
“We believe He left to create life elsewhere.” Sitting back, Castiel looks at the ceiling. “It would’ve been nice if we were informed beforehand. It’s only been the last few years that we’ve begun intervening in human lives.” A laugh. “Though, we’re still struggling on the issue of time.”
Dean waits for Bobby to pull out of the driveway before leaving the house, one of Bobby’s many trinket boxes in his pocket. On a scale of one to ten for bad ideas, this ranks somewhere in the twenties, especially considering his predicament. Escapee from Hell, with an angel on his arm—at this point, his father would say he’s asking to get killed.
“Good enough. Nobody called anyone names. They were all here for one reason, so they put down their torches every Sunday and called a truce in the name of Jesus.” He shakes his head and sits at Castiel’s side. “Least that’s what my mama says. I ain’t been to church in years.”
Her partner, Castiel doesn’t recognize. She’s pretty, that he knows, with dark brown hair that touches her shoulders and vibrantly blue eyes, and a gray suit mirroring Naomi’s. She smiles at him with pale lips, and in the ether, her wings expand, sky blue.
Castiel’s eyes soften, so incredibly loving, and Dean wants to look away. Wants to run, to cry, to do anything other than stand there, but he does, fear in his heart, sadness in his eyes. Castiel doesn’t speak—doesn’t need to, not when his lips speak for him, so incredibly warm and plush against his own. All at once, Dean’s heart stops, his higher brain function screeching to a halt. In the movies, the music might reach a crescendo, and the orchestra might play, signaling a great triumph.
Sleep is fleeting, Dean knows. Has known it for years, when the most rest he got a night was somewhere around four hours, if that. Years of being taught to be on guard, just in case someone burst through the door guns blazing. In all of his twenty-eight years, though, nothing like that ever happened. The most Dean has ever heard at night are couples fighting in the room next door, or late-night B-movie marathons that John complained to the management about the next morning.
. Every fiber of his being screams at him to stop, to think about what Castiel is asking of him, but the baser part of his brain, the one that acts before he has a chance to think about the consequences, takes over. Gentle, he swipes his fingers over the back of Castiel’s arm, gathering up spilt Grace into his hand. Castiel watches him as he licks his palm; it tastes like nothing, but in its wake, a sweetness spreads, clinging to his tongue and making its way into his blood.
“They probably figure I’m disgracing their chances to monetize me,” Castiel sighs. “They want me to become a lawyer for their firm. They’ve become so desensitized to the people they represent, they refuse to go out of their way to feel sympathetic for them, and all I saw of them was their humanity.” Leaning his head back, he closes his eyes. “I haven’t seen the world through the eyes of someone unlike myself. And I wanted to use this as an opportunity to learn and to teach others. It may not help many, but if my research helps at least one person, then I consider it well-worth the effort.”
“Still.” Swallowing, Dean steps away from the sink, incidentally backing into Castiel’s chest. He might as well be a wall, with how stiff he stands. “Shit, a hundred years. Do you know what that’s… Every day, Castiel.” Turning, Dean stands with his toes touching the tips of Castiel’s loafers. “Every day, they dragged me out so Alastair could torture me, could jam a knife into my throat, could…”
Pained, Dean lets out a breath, warming Castiel’s fingers. Castiel pulls his hand away, but not before touching his fingertips to Dean’s lips, feeling him kiss each one. “Explain it to me,” Dean says, not a question. “’Cause I don’t wanna hit a vein and kill you—”
“I shouldn't have said what I did, either.” Long and low, Castiel sighs, the only sound in the room. “It was inconsiderate. Perhaps I’d forgotten the gravity of what happened to you, but all I could think about was your career and not your health.” Castiel turns onto his side; his fingertips dance across Dean’s bicep, entirely too tender for the man that punched Luke Bringer’s lights out at Homestead over a decade ago. “I should’ve asked if you were alright.”
They sign off with clipped goodbyes, and Dean shoves his phone back into his pocket. Almost on cue, his stomach growls, loud in the quiet of the room. Late into summer and breaching autumn, and he hears nothing—no crickets, no wailing cicadas, not even a lone frog loitering near the porch. Like outside the house, the life has been drained from the land.
Maybe an over-exaggeration—but the few guys Dean has sucked off never seemed to mind, and Castiel probably won’t care regardless, as long as it feels good. Mouthing at Castiel’s cock, he watches Castiel throw his head back, Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallows. He’s warm, heady in a way that goes right to Dean’s libido; his mouth waters as he unzips Castiel’s slacks, pulling him free of his boxers. Hurried, Dean shoves Castiel’s pants down mid-thigh, giving him more room, more skin to touch.
“Dean.” Castiel casts another glance to the surf before he kisses between Dean’s eyes. It feels like anointment, it feels—right. “Thank you.”
Castiel’s face falls even further, verging close enough to disappointment that Dean can barely stand to look at him. “This isn’t how it was supposed to go,” Castiel says, quiet. “I didn't want you to die. I wanted to go with you, but you were ready, and I had to let you go.” He closes his eyes and shrugs out of Dean’s hold. “I felt, that if you somehow survived, if I went back to face you, that it’d rip open the wound and I’d have to endure the pain all over again.”
A familiar mop of red hair stands on the porch, arms folded over her burgundy dress. She looks less than pleased, even at a distance, her scowl more recognizable than her face. “Darling,” Rowena calls from halfway across the clearing. She doesn’t make an attempt to move, and Dean doesn’t blame her. “I was in the middle of my mid-afternoon bath, and you—Oh, Tweety.”
Castiel opens his mouth to ask, but Dean’s voice breaks in, calling them for dinner. Three years—three years of living in the same dorm room together, of inadvertently taking several of the same classes together, and some days, he feels like he barely knows Dean at all. He knows Dean well enough, but not the deeper parts of him, his fears, his insecurities, all of it hidden behind a masterfully constructed wall. A coping mechanism, maybe, a way to shield himself from the world.
“Don’t think you’d be able to wash it,” Sam snorts into his coffee. He rounds the bed, smoothing his palm across the fabric and the embroidery, ranging from flowers to pets, to little farmhouses and homesteads with barns and rolling fields of sunflowers.
If anything, Dean’s cheeks burn brighter. Castiel has never wanted to kiss him more. “Okay, okay,” he manages through a laugh, sounding strangled. “You gonna sweettalk me all day? ‘Cause I gotta clean up.”
Whatever Sam and Castiel are saying—animatedly, excitedly, all emotions Dean can’t exactly recognize anymore—he can’t hear. Not because the skillet in front of him is crackling, or that the ocean is incredibly loud for this time of morning, but because try as he might, he still can’t completely comprehend that Castiel is alive and breathing, and sitting at the bar in front of a mug of coffee and last week’s issue of the Beachcomber.
Castiel’s eyes shine in the burgeoning sunlight, wet at the edges. Gentle, Castiel wipes the corner of Dean’s eye, his thumb coming away wet.
Dean wipes his face dry with one of the unused rags. “Enough that I can ignore it for a while,” he says, then nods over his shoulder. “Hey, c’mere. Wanna show you something.”
He pulls up the lone chair in the room to sit at Dean’s bedside. On the other side, today, away from the heart monitor and the IV stand and whatever else the doctors have him hooked up to. None of it helps to ease the ache in his back, nor does it help him sleep when he needs it.
Which, incidentally, leaves him naked save for a towel around his waist while Castiel sits at the workbench, staring blankly across the room.
“I know.” Tears spill from her eyes as she smiles, grief-stricken. “I know, and if I were anywhere else, I would’ve done something. I would’ve gone to a clinic, but I… I think he’s hoping it’ll change us. That we’ll be happy if we can start over, but I can’t go through this again. I can’t watch our child go through what he put you through. But I can’t leave him, and he won’t…” She laughs, wiping her eyes. “God, where’s a train when you need it?”
For some ungodly reason, elementary schools across the state feel the need to open before eight in the morning, leaving Dean remembering just what it was like decades ago, waking up in the dark and making it across town just in time for the sun to think about rising. Except now, he stands at the front of the class rather than sits behind a desk, but still with the same anxiety in his chest. Someday, it’ll fade.
Slowly, Dean makes his way across Castiel’s body—to the other side of his neck, his wrists, biceps, the jut of his hip. Each time, Dean keeps eye contact, constantly watching, ever observant. Castiel grows hotter in those moments, lost in sensation, lost in Dean’s gaze. At one point, Dean takes the stiletto and cuts across his nipple, drawing an immediate gasp from Castiel’s lips. Grace spills—and Dean
Beyond a dented mailbox sits a one-story brick home, with a wraparound porch and a tire swing in a tree. And in the dark, Dean makes out the shape of his father with a newspaper in his hand, screaming at someone. That someone, being the woman who called him, begging for an intervention.
Castiel’s heart flips, for an entirely different reason. “I really like him too,” he mutters, hanging his head.
Castiel doesn’t answer, not that Dean expects him to. Instead, he relaxes his throat just enough, sliding further, and Dean nearly comes. In a panic, he yanks Castiel’s hair, and thankfully, he takes the hit and pulls off, just in time for Dean to come across his lips, his spend dripping from Castiel’s chin. It’s great—fantastic, even—but the mortification ruins any bliss Castiel might have given him, flushing his cheeks for an entirely different reason.
“You’re just a soul,” Castiel says, hidden within a dying tree in the second circle. Wind buffets the branches. In his hands, Dean shivers, cowering in the dark. “I don’t understand.”
“No we won’t.” Shuddering, Dean doesn’t bother holding back his sob. “I’m gonna—they’re gonna kill you, and they’re gonna take me away, or they’ll grab both of us and—I can’t go through that again. I can’t die again, I can’t—”
Later, maybe, if he can get Castiel into the shower. For now, Dean slicks him up and crawls over his lap. They should talk about condoms, or even safe words, but he foregoes it in favor of lining Castiel up and sinking down, so far down that Dean forgets where and when he is. His world narrows down to the white-hot pressure splitting him open and the hands cradling his hips, easing him down. “
“No, no, no,” Castiel said, standing up and starting to back away as the owl ruffled its feathers, hopped into the room - and then flew across to Castiel, dropped the letter at his feet, performed a neat loop and then was gone, back outside the window. Hannah looked bemusedly after it for a second, and then latched the window closed once more. Castiel watched her do it out of the corner of his eye.
“Castiel!” yelled Jo. Castiel swung his gaze back around to see Jo, Anna, and Hannah all hovering near the Hufflepuff hoops, watching him with expressions of consternation. Ruby was behind them, her sharp eyes seeing everything. The Quaffle was still clutched tightly under his arm. Castiel turned back to Dean just in time to watch him give the Bludger a heartfelt
He was sitting on a low slatted bench, his small hands clasped neatly on his lap, just the way Naomi would have liked to see them. His legs swung beneath him, not long enough yet to reach the ground - which was stone, worn smooth by the footsteps of countless students who had sat here before Castiel. He looked down at the glossy surface, imagining them in their Quidditch robes. The walls were marked all over, messages scratched into the walls by magic - and inky fingerprints pressed against the stone, too. Castiel squinted at one and hovered his thumb over it; he was a lot smaller than the fingerprint’s owner. Maybe one day he, too, would be pulling on the colours of his House and flying to win matches, just like they had.
Castiel took it. He ran one thumb over the corners of the pages, feeling them flicker past under his skin.
The only free seat was by the window, over a thicket of legs. Castiel scrambled over, earning himself several contemptuous glares before he’d even managed to sit down. Once he’d dropped into his seat, he looked down at his folded hands and tried not to feel the burn in his cheeks.
“Why?” he asked, glancing back over at their teacher, who continued to scratch different dates onto the black chalkboard upfront. “She doesn’t have the teeth.”
House-elves, Dean decided, were some of the most pleasant beings he’d ever met. Though, to be fair, there wasn’t a huge selection as of yet. He’d met humans, obviously, and he’d passed what he was
“Hey, you got it!” Dean’s laugh escaped; he kept going with the snooty walk for a second before collapsing back onto the sofa, giggling. Even Jo was smiling as she rolled her eyes; she had to admit that it was funny.
“Well,” said Professor Tran, who had walked around the desk to inspect Castiel’s transfiguration spellwork on the splinter of wood, “you did poke her with the blunt end, Mr Novak.”
Inside, a blonde girl giggled at him when he looked around, making all of that stupid insecurity come rushing back. Across from her was a scowly dark-haired girl that didn't look like she was having a very good day. To the right of the blonde was a boy with a ...mullet? Did people still wear those?
“The Muggles were everywhere,” Castiel said eventually – trying to get the conversation back on track. “They’re stupid.”
Castiel turned a corner and came to an abrupt halt. There, crouched in front of a closed classroom door, was a figure that Castiel recognised – short, slim, with vibrant red hair.
The blue side of the field began screaming wildly again, and Dean waited to see Jo follow suit – but this time, she stayed where she was, scanning the field and ignoring the commotion entirely.
It was like Lucifer Morningstar said, Castiel thought. It was all about family, and where you came from. It
“There are too many potions for just the three of us, anyway,” he said, making sure he sounded as reluctant as he felt. He reached into his bag, where he’d safely stored the potions Ash had given him so that they’d be away from prying eyes. There were seven bottles, each labelled with childish, careless handwriting on peeling parchment.
“Maybe we can have a compromise here? I need to be sure that you don’t get killed by some dumbass werewolf, so that you can keep helping me find Sam.”
Hannah’s textbook, Castiel knew without looking, was even more dogeared than his own. He thought that perhaps she had bought it second-hand. He tried to let that make him feel better; at least he’d had the opportunity to start with a book that was tidy.
“Left-handers, you are right. Right-handers, please sit down.” A couple of people sank into their seats. Castiel looked around at them, making mental notes of their names. Part of him was just curious, but he could also offer to help study with them later, if they wanted - after all, if they were getting such a simple question wrong, they needed all the help that they could get.
This time, Dean gave it a few minutes to lull him into a false sense of security before snipping off another piece of twig and flicking it onto Castiel’s chest.
Castiel smiled, and decided now was probably not the time to remind him that he was more than adept at taking care of himself. He might not be the most powerful witch in the world, but he had a few tricks up his sleeve.
Castiel could feel tears building up again. Somehow, over the past couple of weeks, he’d managed to start thinking about the relationship between himself and Dean as a problem – like a question that his mother would fire at him across the dining room table, and all he had to do was think hard enough to be able to come up with the right answer. It had been comforting to think that an answer was out there. A puzzle wasn’t painful, it was solvable. But standing there in the cold, with Anna’s earnest eyes watching him, Castiel felt the hurt in his chest redoubling.
“Everyone settle down!” A sharp voice came from the front of the room. Castiel started; Professor Tran was short enough that he frequently didn’t notice her coming into the classroom until she was already giving him a shock with her snappish tone. He took a moment to neaten his book, his parchment, and his quill on his desk, before raising his hand.
Dean grinned and immediately tugged the necklace up and over his head, gazing down at it as he proudly displayed it over his robes. He shoved aside his platter of breakfast food and took a large bite out of his mother’s cookies.
If he took the book, that would mean that no one else could read it, but Dean wasn’t even sure how popular of a comic it was -
Jo snickered, clearly remembering the events from their disastrous first Quidditch match attendance.
In front of him, Dean Winchester also didn’t move, though Garth shifted uncomfortably at the next desk. Castiel wondered if Dean were foolish enough to think that his lazy attitude and supposed flair for magic would carry him through any test, or if he just didn’t care. Either way, Castiel was fairly certain that Dean would not be posing any kind of serious threat to him as far as scores went, despite the high marks that Dean got on homeworks. Without books to check at the last minute, he’d be lost.
Dean waved one last time as he and Garth entered the dimly lit tunnel again, each lighting their wands to help along the way. Discovering this secret had easily been one of the best things he’d accomplished during his entire year at Hogwarts. Being great at magic was fine. Beating Castiel at things was also pretty alright. But access to the Hogwarts kitchens whenever he wanted?
“What is it?” Castiel said, reaching out and taking it from her. Hannah lifted a shoulder as Castiel read the words scratched onto it in messy ink.
“I’m sorry!” Dean said, interpreting his response incorrectly. “I didn’t know that thing could also summon moths!”
There had to be some sort of spell that he hadn’t learned yet that would open the door. That had to be it. Dean sat cross legged in front of it and sighed deeply. That was it. If he wanted to learn the secret behind the door, he’d just have to keep coming back with more magical knowledge. Hopefully he’d learn something at school that would help him open the door eventually.
“Well then, would you believe that I had this crazy dream last night where I was minding my own business when something was dropped right in front of me as someone passed by and I just knew I had to get it to them. I had to. And when I finally caught up with that person, they turned around and they were an actual angel. And also smoking hot,” he replied, and with another quick flash of his knife, a second vampire fell to the ground. Across from him, Castiel finally managed to twist away long enough to get a good swing, and the third vampire was down.
“I can leave, if you want,” Castiel says after a moment. Dean clenches his fist, squeezing Castiel’s fingers. “If my being here hurts you, then I can go. You… You know I’m alive, that should be enough.”
“What, like you’re ace or something?” Dean sits up fully, mindful of the situation in his jeans. The friction is nice, but Castiel’s hand would be even better, if they weren’t
Supposedly, he can go home in two days, with a trusty bag of antibiotics and enough gauze to mummify him. Whether or not that will actually happen, he has no clue.
Mainly, Castiel’s pecs. And Castiel clutches him in turn, not even the slightest bit winded. Castiel presses his palm to the center of the brand, his fingers lining up perfectly; a spark erupts and surges through Dean’s core, igniting the Grace in his blood. “Commune with me,” Castiel says as his eyes flash blue. “Feed.”
All of his friends are dead or gone. The only family he has left can barely look him in the eye. The love of his life is gone, swallowed by the ether.
“I could tell you about my true visage,” Castiel says, catching Dean’s attention. “You’ve only seen me from the inside, but you’ve never witnessed me outside of that.”
“What the fuck am I supposed to do? I thought he had it under wraps. Like I said, it ain’t my business, but his daddy wants it to be everybody’s. Swear to god, the man’s got it in for half of this town, and he takes it out on Dean.”
Pulling free the mini trowel shoved down the back of his pants, Dean squats in the middle of the intersection and digs a hole, about four inches wide on either side and about three deep. He buries it and steps back, willing his heart rate to slow. Just a demon. Just an ordinary demon, not the ones with fangs and wings and talons for fingers. Returning to Castiel’s side, he jerks when Castiel takes his wrist, heart jumping into his throat. Even those warm fingers can’t calm him now, no matter how much he wants them to.
. “He bought it ‘cause no one really hunts this far south. Technically,” he stops to laugh, “my name’s on the deed.”
Tucked in a corner booth, Dean picks at his thumb while Castiel looks over the menu, the laminate fraying at the edges. The vinyl tabletop isn’t any better, checkered in black-and-white and sticky no matter how many times it’s cleaned. Dean knows from experience, his nights in his late teens spent bussing tables and mopping floors after closing. Half a decade since, and they still haven’t spent the money to replace anything.
“I know.” Castiel palms his cheek, feeling his jaw tighten. “I know, and I’m trying. I’m trying, Dean, but I don’t know where to go, what to do. All I know is that I have to protect you, but I’m just as in the dark. I wish…” Castiel pets his neck, touching the bite. Swallowing, Dean shudders. “I wish I could take you away from here. To Heaven, to another continent, just… somewhere where you won’t hurt. Where they can’t find you.” A breath. His heart pounds. “I wish I could keep you with me.”
“Because we ain’t got no proof.” Benny slots the waffles into the toaster. “Look. Until Dean talks, no one’s gonna touch him. His great granddaddy founded the first church, so as far as they’re concerned, his daddy’s a saint. Least, that’s what everyone’s been sayin’.” He stops, his large hands gripping the countertop. “You his friend?”
Dean dries his eyes with his sleeve, still attempting to smile despite it all. “You shouldn't have to bear the pain alone,” Castiel says. “I can’t change the past.”
“I can’t tell you what your next steps are,” Castiel rumbles. Dean stills. “I can’t tell you where to find me, but you’ll know, here.” He taps his thumb to Dean’s side, where a hand reaches out to grab him.
Dean nearly swallows his tongue. In the daylight, he can’t ignore Castiel’s tanned skin like he could last night, nor can he look away from Castiel’s bare chest, every inch of him hard planes of muscle, tightly coiled and ready to snap. And Dean is holding a knife. A knife he’s about to cut himself with.
A while is far too short, in Castiel’s estimation. A while implies a waiting period and a finite stop, and a time where Dean no longer touches him. The minute Dean caresses him with a gloved hand, Castiel shivers—the second Dean starts his machine, he loses all sense of time and awareness. Dean pulls his skin taut as he works, his tenderness juxtaposed by the pain of the needle piercing his skin in short increments. The buzzing soothes him, oddly enough; Dean’s breath puffs against his chest, steady and rhythmic, and each time the machine stops, Castiel laments the loss of his warmth.
. The most physical contact he’s had in his life that didn't involve violence, and Castiel gives it to him freely through small touches and even quieter look.
Dean sighs, so deeply that Castiel wonders if Dean died in his arms. “Long story,” he mutters. “Did you fly here?”
It takes a good hour to connect three of the sides, leaving only the bottom unsewn. Retracting the needle, Castiel pulls the quilt off the table and turns it inside out, revealing the finished side of the fabric, all of the frayed edges hidden inside. Tomorrow night, he’ll unwrap the batting and stuff the blanket, and hand-sew the rest closed.
“It appears he’s changed his mind,” Castiel murmurs. While Dean curses to himself, Castiel answers the door. On the other side, Jack stands, his confusion turning to excitement at first sight. “Jack.”
, Dean thinks, but lying to himself will get him nowhere. He misses the sun, misses talking to people that aren’t grieving, misses eating at actual restaurants where grease isn’t a non-negotiable side. As far as he can tell, the next largest town is twenty-five minutes away, and they’re only an hour from Atlanta. Compared to Lebanon, this might as well be heaven, with a grocery store close enough that his perishables won’t thaw by the time he gets home.
“I didn’t think I was.” Soft, Castiel smiles at him, squeezing his hand. “You care about me, and I you.”
Slow, oranges and yellows tease the edge of the horizon. Another few minutes, and the sun will break through, signaling another scorcher of a day. A slight chill nips at his ankles in the dark, and the wind softly gusts, tussling his hair. As they walk, Dean drinks from his thermos, his eyes tired, steps sluggish. Castiel takes his hand, and Dean holds him tight, trembling all the while.
“I am your teacher,” Castiel adds, and Dean rolls his eyes. “I’m not admonishing your work, far from it. I’m only suggesting that you may need to put yourself in the character’s shoes, rather than watching them from afar.”
Setting his suitcase atop the unoccupied bed, Castiel flops onto the mattress, his back twinging. Stretching doesn’t ease the ache, but his spine pops anyway, muted by the soft crooning of honkytonk across the hall.
His knees give out. Castiel grabs him under his arms and holds him up, surprisingly strong underneath all those layers. He smells of sandalwood shampoo, and lavender clings to his skin. Dean hides his face in Castiel’s neck as arms come up to surround him, holding him tight, like no man has ever done before. Women, sure—Charlie, all the time—but never another guy. Slow, his fingers trace up and down Dean’s spine, and embarrassment flushes his face. He should find a shirt, should do anything other than stand there, allowing Castiel to console him like he’s a
Castiel tilts his head. “I healed whatever I thought was necessary,” he says. “Did I miss something?”
“We should go to Maine,” Dean murmurs. He rests his forehead against Castiel’s, exhaustion finally settling in. Too much adrenaline, not enough food. If he ate at all today is questionable. “For a week or two. Maybe drive south, go to Disney World or something.”
Shrugging, Castiel readjusts the rag and sinks further into his chair. Dean props Castiel’s feet atop his stomach and strokes up and down his calf. Thankfully, no one else is home.
“Are you—” Pulling back, Dean palms his cheeks. Dean’s eyes glimmer, tears spilling and dripping from his chin. “Are you human?”
Castiel doesn’t eat, or so he says, but he makes an honest dent in the stack while Dean pokes at it, shoving bites into his mouth without really tasting them. Anxiety, maybe. Not the first time he’s spent his days fueled by adrenaline, and certainly not the last, but that doesn’t make it any easier. Typically, eating would take his mind off the world. Now, all Dean can do is think, and overthink, until his stomach hurts and the very thought of food makes him queasy.
At his side, Castiel bows his head and removes his hat. “My condolences,” he says, entirely too heartfelt, and Dean laughs, hysteric. “Are you alright?”
Castiel’s palms itch. A page from a phone book sits in his pocket, bearing a name and a phone number, and an address. But no one was home, and a neighbor said that the occupant works at a tattoo studio in Panama City Beach. Only, Castiel visited every shop and found no one matching the name. One remains on his list, and in silence, Castiel waits, seated on a bench, for the light inside to darken.
“Your intent isn’t malicious,” Castiel manages, barely. As he speaks, Dean leans in to mouth across his skin, painting his lips with it. Low and deep, Castiel moans, the noise music to Dean’s ears. “You intend to heal. Sam intends to murder.”
It feels ritualistic, like something they’ve done for years. No words spoken, no looks exchanged, just two people in each other’s company, breathing the same air.
“No.” Castiel wouldn't leave him, not after everything they just went through. After the Mark and Amara, after every sacrifice Castiel has ever made for them, there’s no way he would leave. Not now, not when they were so close to… “I can’t believe you’d say that, man.”
“Don’t need help,” Dean mumbles, bleary and half-asleep. Somehow, he walks, despite dragging his feet and cursing under his breath. “Can walk just fine.”
Dean shoots Castiel a look, his brows raised. “Oh, so you’re answering prayers now?” he asks, not quite an accusation.
Castiel swallows. Their shoulders meet, Dean’s shaking, Castiel’s solid. “Ten, maybe,” he mutters, and Dean curses.
Shoulders slumped, Castiel sits in the chair adjacent to Dean. “No,” he says, entirely the truth. “I decided to stay here before Naomi instructed me to do so. I feel it would cause more harm than good, leaving you right now.”
Pinning him to the mattress is easy, especially this early. Tossing the pillow aside, Castiel straddles Dean’s thigh just as Dean grapples with his shirt, rucking the fabric up to expose Castiel’s pecs. Heated, Castiel kisses down the line of Dean’s throat, palming his chest as he descends. Dean responds beautifully, his voice little more than a moan, his body arching into Castiel’s hands, aching for his touch. And Castiel feeds him, sucking kisses down his stomach as he sneaks beneath the sheets, until the darkness consumes him and all he knows is Dean’s warmth and skin—
Castiel follows Dean out of the Impala, trudging through the dirt and maneuvering around a massive puddle between the front of the car and the porch. Dean sidesteps it like second nature, while Castiel barely manages to keep his shoes dry. The minute he steps onto the porch, Dean stops, gripping the banister. Doubt flashes through his soul for the briefest of seconds, before he takes another step toward the door.
The footsteps padded quietly, stealthily - no one would walk like that unless they were playing, Castiel reasoned.
“Look - that’s just - that’s my name, dude. I don’t know what to tell you,” Dean said, throwing his hands up in the air. “Are you gonna help me or what?”
“You know, I can’t tell...” Hannah said, leaning closer, “whether you’ve got bags under your eyes, or if that’s still the purple from the -”
“Why can’t we just be Slytherclaw?” whined one of the older-year students, a short girl with a thin face and blue eyes.
Two: people without magic were called 'Muggles'. It was kind of weird word, but it had been a part of the explanation, too. Dean's Mom and Dad were Muggles, which made Dean a "Muggle-born". Most everyone he knew were Muggles. When he'd asked if his little brother Sam was a Muggle, the man had said he didn't know yet, but probably. That was okay. Dean would be sure to tell him all about Magic when he got back.
“Mr Novak,” she said coldly, “I am your Professor. Revealing your result to you early would be absurdly unprofessional.” She glared at him. Castiel swallowed hard. “You disappoint me.”
If only actual Potions lessons ended this way, Castiel thought as he took his last swallow, then he would probably work a great deal harder in class.
“Dean,” said Castiel, forcing himself to be polite by imagining the look on Jo’s face if she could see him blowing off Dean’s technically courteous greeting. “Garth.”
“Your mom’s really… strict,” Dean said, obviously struggling to find a polite way to say what he was thinking. Castiel swallowed, and realised he should stop talking about his mother so openly. He didn’t want her to get in trouble. He couldn’t imagine anything more embarrassing than Dean turning to Naomi in class and using Castiel’s childhood stories as a comeback, or the stories spreading and everyone getting to know what she could be like.
Well, this was only one Ravenclaw. His efforts wouldn’t be wasted on the others, who would surely be better prepared to mock him with in-depth knowledge of his personal House drama.
to be obtuse, or even actually stupid. He hoped his face was blank enough to hide the fact that he did not understand at all, not even one bit.
“Speaking of Michael,” Gabriel said suddenly, as though he’d just remembered something. “He mentioned that he wanted to speak to you. I don’t know if that means you want to find him or you want to avoid him, but he’s coming in right now, so you’d better make a decision.”
“Oh, I know,” Jo said airily, turning back to her toast. “She told me all about it. Well, actually, she told Bela who told Ruby who told Garth who told Ed who told Anna who told me. You’re the guy who opens doors, Castiel.”
He was getting too serious again. If Dean had been with him, Castiel reflected, he would’ve been using that elbow.
All he could see in his mind’s eye was Jo’s face. She’d looked angry at him, really angry, as though he was doing something incredibly wrong - but for some reason, she hadn’t told him what that might be. Something to do with Dean? Or just something Castiel did in general, that she thought might make Dean suffer now that they were getting closer? But if Castiel did something that upset all his friends, why wouldn’t they tell him what it was? How was he supposed to know?
“Sorry that we’re babysitting today,” he heard Michael say, and his embarrassment only intensified. Michael was so ashamed to be his brother. “But I want to keep an eye on him.”
“THE GAME BEGINS! The Quaffle’s in the hands of Gryffindor’s finest, that’s my little brother’s House, hey Cassie!” Castiel buried his face in his hands as the kids around him catcalled and whooped. “It’s Reaper with the Quaffle, heading up the flank towards Masters, will this be the first test for the new Slytherin Keeper? No, that’s Uriel Wisdom’s Bludger pelting towards Reaper, and she’s knocked off course. The Quaffle drops into the waiting hands of Morningstar, and he’s off – meanwhile, up above, Sharma and Sheridan are circling, waiting for a glimpse of the Golden Snitch…”
Sputtering, Dean nearly swallows his tongue. “You—You think we’re soulmates?” he asks and grabs for his shirt. If Bobby weren’t here, he wouldn't bother putting it back on. “But I barely know you—”
“I’m gonna be a big brother,” Dean sobs, incoherent. Castiel can barely understand him, his words lost in tears. “Mom’s having a baby, and dad’s—My dad’s moving on without me. Does he really hate me so bad—”
All at once, the pieces fall into place. The friendly bantering, the longing looks, the anger, the fights—all of it was out of desperation, to keep from having to leave Dean, to show him affection rather than speak it aloud. And the only reason Dean would mourn his loss so deeply is if he felt the same—and part of Sam knows that Dean does, and always has. Dean loves with a fierceness never before matched, all without paying himself any attention, his core focus on the person he’s hellbent on saving. Sam, Mary, Jack—and most of all, Castiel.
Hunger grips Dean’s stomach. Yet, he can’t fathom ever eating again, or doing anything other than holding Castiel’s hand in his own. Dean kisses his fingertips, his breath little more than a shudder. “You gotta come back to me,” he whispers, his words shattered. “You can’t leave me like this. I was—I was gonna come back to you. Me and Amara, we worked it out, and I was coming home. I was gonna tell you, and Sam said you were just… You disappeared. And I tried so hard to find you, I did everything I could.
Smoke rises over the pines on the other side of the street, nearly blending in with the deepening blue. Castiel follows it for several miles, the windows rolled down and the houses passing by. Each home is older than him or even his parents, ranging from cottages to Victorians with porches wrapped around them. Though, the further he ventures into the outskirts, the smaller they become, the wealth changing within seconds to borderline poverty. This time of night, no one lingers.
“Do you think Jack can come?” Sam asks. To that, Castiel doesn’t know. “I know he said his hands are tied, but can’t he make an exception?”
It took longer this time, to wake up. But normally, he can’t feel in his dreams. Most of the time, he sees shadows and hears voices, but they never try to touch him, never fully speak his name.
“What—no, no.” Dean rolls his eyes and falls back, the mattress creaking. “Not like I’m rawing a bunch of girls anyway. Haven’t fucked anyone in a year.”
Another kiss, this one with teeth; Dean grabs Castiel by the hair and tugs him in, his lip aching when they part. “God doesn’t create loopholes. I invented one. If it doesn’t work…” He expression softens, his eyes sad. “Then I’m glad I knew you. These few months I’ve known you have been the hardest of my… incredibly long life, but you’ve instilled something in me that I’ll take to my grave.” He kisses the corner of Dean’s lips, letting out a breath. “I’ve seen the pain, the hopelessness in this world, and I look at you, and I see your resilience in the face of it all. You want to save humanity out of your own selflessness, so that people can live on, even if you’re not here.”
“But you don’t—” He stops, pinching his eyes shut. “Shit, you’re not real. I’m gonna wake up, I’m gonna—”
“No, I get it.” And admittedly, Dean probably does. “Don’t wanna talk about my folks either. But it’s just… right there. Everything they did, good or bad, it leaves a mark. Can’t exactly avoid it.”
Tonight, it rains. The clouds began to roll in as soon as Dean turned the grill off, and the rain started just as Benny pulled in the last of the chairs. A perfectly fine Friday evening, and he can’t even leave, the thunder rolling near-constantly outside.
“I used to go home and cry, when I was in high school,” Dean mutters. “When Mr. Adler took over. I mean, it was bad before, but I couldn't just walk out without outing myself.”
And worst of all, is that Dean would let him. Barely a week together, and Castiel craves him. Dean’s very touch sends shivers across his skin, and just looking at him, Castiel’s heart seizes, like Dean is the most magnificent thing ever created. He shouldn't lust for him, but Dean looks at him like he understands, and Castiel wants to know him in return, down to the sounds he could make if they were alone.
Darkness. The wind whips above, the sky hidden from view. In the back corner, Dean makes himself at home atop a small mattress, decorated with dusty sheets and soft pillows. Mary must use the storm shelter as storage as well, some of the shelves lined with old boxes, most labeled with John’s name.
Sam leans his elbows on the table, fingertips pressed to the bridge of his nose. “Look, I’m not gonna say I don’t want to, ‘cause I do,” he sighs. “But you could’ve told me about this yesterday. I could’ve been packing.”
Mary leans against the Impala’s bumper, her eyes to the sky and her hands folded in her lap. Dean enjoys the quiet, normally, but from her, he can’t stand the void.
In the interim, Castiel grabs a pair of pajamas and leaves for the en suite bathroom. He showers long enough to wash the road from his skin and steps out, grabbing a towel from the holder on the wall. Dying his hair, he checks his reflection and wipes the water from his face and jaw. He needs to shave at some point, his stubble two days overgrown, but part of him wants to keep it, just to see the look Dean gives him. The dark circles under his eyes are lightening, and—
“No,” Dean blurts, then backtracks. “No, I mean, yeah, man. However long you want. You can take Sam’s room after he leaves, or—”
For a while, they eat in silence, Dean sprawled out on his back and Castiel occasionally typing out long strings of sentences. His mind wanders, bouncing from the list of assignments he has planned and Missouri’s schedule for tomorrow, all of it forming an ache behind his eyes. Whatever Castiel made takes the edge off, though. The first place he goes this weekend, the grocery store, for snacks, or something he can heat up between classes.
“I tried to tell myself, you were just trying to save me, that it didn’t mean anything.” Dean offers him a smile, only for it to fall. “You really loved me, didn’t you?”
“Nap later.” His nips turn to kisses, peppered across his shoulder and his wings. Castiel offers him space each time, expanding each wing to its full span while Dean nuzzles his face into them, content. “Just wanna spend time with you before Eileen gets here. I just… I just got you back.”
Of course. Of course it would lead to this. And worst of all, Ruby knows, and Sam is in the wind, readying to open the cage against his will. And after that, the end. Sam gets possessed, and Dean has to watch him die again and live with the aftermath. “Paradise my ass,” he huffs. “This ain’t fair and you know it.”
Castiel stirs with a sigh, lifting his head. Blue eyes settle on his, wet in the moonlight, and for once, Castiel doesn’t smile. Doesn’t speak, either, just take Dean’s hand into his own and presses his lips to his bruised knuckles. It hurts—it shouldn't. “Hello, Dean.”
Castiel hums, tightening his grip. Dean lets out a groan, his eyelids fluttering. “Don’t think I’m not capable of fulfilling your desires,” he says, his voice gravel-rough. “Maybe humans aren’t enough for you, anymore. Maybe you crave the touch of the angels, or maybe it’s the other way around.”
Blood cleaned from his skin and clothes piled up on the floor, Dean dries his hair in the mirror. None of his clothes are clean except for his briefs. Not that Castiel hasn’t seen him in worse states, but it still frightens him to be that vulnerable in an angel’s presence. But Castiel won’t chastise him, won’t do anything if Dean doesn’t want it, unlike the Castiel in his dream.
“Just…” With another sigh, Castiel feels Dean’s hold slip. Not quite dejected, but understanding, like a child scorned for good reason. Castiel consoles him and pulls the last of his Grace free. His hand sits atop Dean’s chest, where his heart beats slowly and a warm flush paints his skin from underneath his shirt. Gradually, Dean opens his eyes, the faintest edge of tears painting the corners. Castiel kisses them away, and Dean laughs, attempting to hide his face. “God, you’re a sap.”
When they started, the sun had been shining. An otherwise ordinary summer day, with temperatures in the nineties and not a cloud in the sky. The perfect day for desecrating a grave, or so Dean says. In reality, Castiel can think of better days, ones that don’t involve hoisting a shovel in broad daylight, and ones that involve cooler air to take the edge off.
He isn’t quiet. Not enough to be heard over the fan, but still, Dean worries that someone might hear something they shouldn't. Namely, his soft pants, the ones he can’t hold back. A hand in Castiel’s hair, Dean holds him in place, biting a knuckle to keep himself quiet. “Cas,” he sighs. “Cas…”
Frantic, the person paddles until the canoe butts up against the island. Yet, they don’t move. For a long few minutes, Castiel can’t help but stare as well, at the haunted eyes lit by the moon, the tension in his hands. Shaking, he stands and jumps from the canoe, landing in the soft earth. “Cas,” he croaks, and Castiel’s eyes well. “Cas—”
. “You deserve nice things,” Castiel says. Leaning in, he noses his way into a kiss, pressing his lips to Dean’s cheek. Dean chuckles, rubbing the spot afterward. “If you would’ve asked years ago, I would’ve still said yes.”
He could do that. As soon as he figures out where the lawnmower is and finds enough gas to get it to crank, he’ll mow and pick up limbs, and cut down the trees that fell overnight. Something to keep him busy while the itch under his skin builds, the incessant need to keep moving, to get back on the road and to wrap his hands around something sharp. A learned behavior that he can’t shake, no matter how old he gets.
“I think that’s part of the business.” Castiel pets through his hair, raking his nails across Dean’s scalp. “We’re going to Vegas, and I’d like you to come with us. It’d be great for your fans to see you, but I… We want you there.”
Physically, Sam deflates, staggering. Castiel holds him up, gripping his bicep. “You shouldn't have to,” he says. “You’re supposed to be looking for the angels, you don’t need to run back here every time one of us gets hurt.”
“And I’d deserve it.” Without a word, Castiel leaves, his movements fueled by anger and the slightest hint of remorse. Still, he shuts the door as quietly as he can, and in his absence, Dean covers his mouth and sobs into his hand, until his lungs ache and a nurse comes in to check and make sure he hasn’t had a heart attack.
Ashamed, Castiel bows his head. “I’m not my parents, Dean. I don’t condone anything they’ve done in the past or they do now.” He sucks in a breath and lets it out, letting the anger dissipate. “What they’ve done isn’t a secret, but this is exactly why I came here.”
“Got enough on my plate as it is,” Dean mumbles. From his wallet, he fishes out a twenty and lays it on the table. “I’m not hungry.”
“About five hours,” Dean says, turning back to the screen. “Might need to hit up a place with a printer first.”
Dean looks down at his lap, a fist atop the blankets. “Why’d you come back?” he asks, so quiet that Castiel mistakes it for the fan in the corner.
Castiel wants to see his face, wants to watch him fall apart. Dean has always been shy, content to touch in the dark of night. But now, the sun shines, and Castiel can see every inch of him, every scar and divot, every flaw and imperfection. Yet, he’s beautiful, in ways Dean will never accept, but Castiel loves anyway. Palming Dean’s shoulder, Castiel spins him around, Dean’s bare back hitting the wall with a wet smack. Panicked, he seizes Castiel’s shoulders, his grip slipping.
Heated, Castiel lets out a breath Dean could almost call a moan. Without words, Castiel kisses him once more and scoots down the bed, settling between Dean’s spread knees. Warm hands palm his trembling thighs; Dean rises up to meet his touch, his body shivering, anticipating the inevitable. That same palm strokes up his cock, to where the lead leaks through his briefs, beginning to stain the front of his sweats. “Can I?”
Castiel said, obviously in disbelief that Dean wasn't currently worshipping the ground he walked on.
“Thank you all for another great year at Hogwarts,” she said, once every student had quieted. “I’ll let you all get back to your meal after the announcement of the House Cup Winner.”
stored up there, apparently, if he was too stupid to get into Ravenclaw. Still, he forced another little smile for Jo’s benefit, knowing that she was doing her best to make him feel better. She squeezed his shoulder, and Castiel did his best not to shrink away from the touch.
He winked at the two of them as Dean’s brain was still scrambling to put together rest of the incredibly obvious puzzle it should have been able to see all along.
Hannah’s expression of worry had been replaced with something else - something Castiel found hard to read. Her eyes were wide.
Dean shrugged his shoulders and dropped his gaze as he kicked at the rocks with his shoe, figuring that silence was probably better than letting the captain of the Hufflepuff quidditch team know that he had no idea was she was talking about.
Castiel was quiet for a moment, not quite sure what to say. His heart was beating fast. Michael kept tabs on him - paid attention to what he was doing? That was… that was
The thunderous noise of hundreds of excited students yelling and stomping their feet soon made Dean’s ears ring as he shouted along with the rest.
Dean’s fingers stilled on their journey through the pages of the book, and he looked over at Philippe with an eyebrow raised.
Philippe grinned again and tilted his head to the side as he easily morphed into a near-perfect replica of Castiel Novak in large Hufflepuff robes.
Dean narrowed his eyes at him, confused and not convinced this wasn’t a set-up to some elaborate prank.
In the Entrance Hall, students were already milling around - mostly peeved-looking Ravenclaws and Slytherins. Castiel stopped and looking around, but saw no sign of his brother, which upon reflection was hardly surprising; Gabriel was too good at hide and seek to easily be found. Dean wasn’t here, either, and nor were Philippe and Nick. Castiel considered going out to look for them, but decided better of it. Over half the time had elapsed, and he didn’t want to miss the start of the next round, and his opportunity to talk to Gabriel.
“You know I’m proud of you, don’t you, Castiel?” she said. Castiel, taken by surprise, blinked up at her owlishly. She opened her mouth to say something more, and then snapped it shut. Castiel watched her throat move as she swallowed.
Castiel’s heart started to race. What if it was his mother? Was she allowed in Gryffindor Tower? What if she’d come to tell him how disappointed she was, how angry… or perhaps she’d come to tell him it was all a mistake, the Hat had been wrong, he was really a Ravenclaw –
“It’s not a real jellyfish,” Castiel pointed out. It looked like it was made of blue sewn-together pyjamas. Ash put the strange hat back on.
“My – my father gave me a broom,” Castiel confirmed, barely above a whisper. He could hardly believe it. Had his father actually taken the time to speak to his mother, and figure out what his son would really like? Castiel was getting better and better in his Flying Lessons, and was going to try out for the Quidditch team next year – how could his father have known that, unless he’d decided to put in the effort to find out? It was incredible. Castiel could feel his cheeks flushing with happiness. His father
Jo was watching him carefully between moves, as though trying to gauge the effect that her words had had.
The barrier between platforms nine and ten came into view, and Naomi came to a halt. She wrapped a hand around Castiel’s shoulder, and motioned curtly for Michael and Gabriel to go through. Castiel looked up at her. She looked tense, her teeth grinding a little as she waited. The hustle of the station was irking her; perhaps that was all. Castiel hadn’t been outside with her often enough to know how she usually acted in public. His own heart was still hammering, every loud noise making him jump a little. He tightened his fingers into fists. He wanted to reach up and hold his mother’s hand, but she didn’t usually encourage that.
Dean shifted, and kicked out with his foot. It connected hard with Castiel’s shin. Castiel clapped his hands over his mouth to stop a second loud ‘ouch’ escaping.
“Fifteen minutes left,” said Crowley, at the front. Both Dean and Castiel went still, just for a moment, resting their bodies against each other. Castiel could feel Dean panting.
“Fine,” he said, seizing on the first thing that came to mind. “Then I won’t talk!” He stood up, cleared his throat - thought for a moment, and then began miming what he hoped looked a lot like braiding.
He grinned and turned back towards the other two, pointing a finger at Castiel who hadn’t said anything in a while - only stared.
“What?” Castiel said indignantly - but before he knew it, Hannah had dragged them both through the portrait hole, and the Fat Lady had swung shut behind them.
Dean glanced around them, trying to catch a peep of the food other guests had called the signals for - no one else seemed to have heart-shaped food, even other couples who clearly
Dean rolled his eyes, but Castiel didn’t miss the hint of fondness as he gripped it, shaking once to seal the deal.
“Nice,” said Ash, with easy admiration. “Wish I could do that. I can’t, though, I suck at magic like that.”
Dean whooped as he ran for his life back the way he came. He could hear Castiel gaining on him with every step - Dean hadn’t planned on him being so fast. He glanced behind him and saw the determined face of Castiel Novak pulling forward. Dean reached down and grabbed a handful of snow, not even bothering to pack it into a ball before tossing it in his direction.
Dean glanced up at Professor Apollyon and grabbed the paper when her back was turned, glaring at Charlie briefly before opening it under his desk.
about. Four whole mistakes. Professor Tran’s eyes had been narrowed as she’d watched him fail, her expression otherwise inscrutable - but Castiel thought he could guess at her feelings.
I don’t want to talk about him,” Castiel snapped, and Zeddmore and Spangler shrugged and started talking about standing up on the table and grabbing one of the floating pumpkins. Castiel chewed his lip. On his other side, Hannah, Jo, and Anna were chatting together, not paying attention to Castiel’s miniature outburst, for which he was glad. Castiel couldn’t help the fact that talking about Dean Winchester reminded him of their stupid Potions knowledge contest, and that it put a cold clench in his chest every time he remembered losing, his mother’s sharp eyes watching his failure… but he
He pushed his way out of the doors to the Great Hall and began to cross the Entrance Hall, heading for the stairway that would begin his walk up to Gryffindor Tower. He’d just placed his foot on the first step when a sharp voice rang out, calling his name.
Occasionally, someone would squint at the photo and say that they’d thought they’d seen him around before, but couldn’t remember a name or really any detail about him.
“Team… Bleen,” he said, with only a hint of distaste. “Into the Entrance Hall to count.” He gave Castiel a pointed look, and Castiel also held his arms out a little wider. He felt like a scarecrow.
“Have it your way, then.” Castiel said, knowing he might as well be saying it to the Impala, and went back to his mystery novel.
The rock plopped into the water a few disappointing feet away, instead of the continued skipping that Dean had been hoping for.
“I hated your guts,” Castiel said, and then smiled at him winningly. Dean scoffed, and then took the cup of grog that Hannah offered him.
Castiel was a conceited jerk, and Dean was going to bring his ego down a few steps if it was the last thing he ever did.
“Well, it kind of looks like a golden retriever, if you look at it from here, I guess.” Castiel turned to see Dean also squinting up at the blanket, evidently trying to make out a dog shape.
He was starting to sound just like Jo and Anna. They often talked about ways to befriend Billie Reaper, or stared at her surreptitiously across the common room, or wondered if she’d ever talk to them. Castiel caught Billie’s eye as she turned back around, and she winked at him. He made a mental note to tell Jo and Anna later; they would probably want
Castiel inclined his head to the side with a look that seemed to designate he’d thought they’d switched subjects, but he nodded nonetheless.
Dean mimed grabbing something and holding it out in front of him, then throwing his hands up into the air with enthusiasm.
“Are you coming in, then?” he demanded. Castiel nodded, raising his shoulders to try to show the same ambivalence that Michael achieved so naturally. He took a deep breath, and then entered the compartment.
Dean managed to delay the necessity of going to the Hospital Wing to have his small burns looked at long enough to eat some Christmas Pudding, and a mince pie, and several pieces of marzipan – and then Garth grabbed his arm and tugged him away from the Feast. Castiel saluted his exit jauntily, grinning at Dean’s narrow-eyed grimace.
When Castiel arrived at Professor Apollyon’s office, he was relieved to see that there was someone else hanging around outside the door, wringing their hands as though needing to knock but not quite wanting to.
Castiel read the words with a sick feeling in his stomach. What did that mean? He looked back up at her and she stared back. Her expression wasn’t callous but she’d just written that she didn’t feel sorry for him – even though she knew he still cared about someone who didn’t care back. Why? Castiel stared back down at the note and then up to her again.
He began to pace up and down in front of the wall, trying to think. There had to be some way to get the door to come back, to see that room again that existed beyond it. If he could only work out this puzzle, if he could only get back inside… up the corridor, and back down. And then back up once more…
“I haven’t detected anyone entering the bunker that isn’t supposed to be here.” Castiel said, his eyes flicking back down to his reading. “Maybe you have a ghost.”
“Awww,” Jo said, and made a big fake kissy noise. Anna, immediately, was red in the face; Castiel, meanwhile, brushed off her ploy to shame them into submission, and narrowed his eyes.
he murmured as he flicked his wand with a swish, and immediately the rock began to hover a few feet above the ground.
plaits. I looked like the Giant Squid. Oh, hey,” she said, grinning at Castiel as he held back long enough to walk beside them. “What’s up?”
“Are you still having a sleepover?” Castiel said rather breathlessly, jogging to the top of the stairs so that he and Dean were on a level.
Nineteen points was what shot them ahead of Gryffindor for first place in the House Cup championship.
, or at the very least saved him from breaking both his legs, during their flying lesson. She’d said that Dean just hadn’t wanted to lose face, that he’d been mad about looking stupid in front of all their classmates. Well, in Castiel’s opinion, Dean had made himself look even more stupid by acting so – so
was, and it didn’t matter who her family was. Family was important, yes, but… not for being friends with someone. Right?
and he still looks sad about it. Poor Castiel’s not getting his way again and now he makes some sad eyes and people feel bad for him.”
More and more people began pouring into the stands and it got increasingly harder to speak at a normal level and still be heard.
Castiel stared into his cup of beer, half feeling like he didn’t quite deserve that congratulations, and he was probably right in that. That hunt should have been the one that killed him - and if it hadn’t been for that strange Dean Winchester that had just showed up at the last minute for a reason that was
“Was nearly getting eaten by the Giant Squid not enough for you?” Anna closely followed Jo and sat down next to her.
“Welcome, Dean.” He turned to see Professor Mills standing with Castiel next to her, his jaw rigid. “In case you couldn’t tell yet, tonight you two are going to be caring for every set of broomsticks that Hogwarts owns.”
“Listen,” she said, “last year I had that huge fight with Jo, and it was because she told everyone about something that I didn’t want anyone to know. She broke my trust. And now she doesn’t tell stuff about her friends unless they’ve said she can. So I don’t know what it’s all about, either, because she hasn’t told me.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably under the gaze of dozens of paintings, but cleared his throat. “Can any of you tell me where I can find the tapestry with the trolls?”
The ride was quiet. Dean found himself reaching for something, for anything to say to break the hush-hush between them, but the words in his head kept twisting round and out of his reach, somehow. He disencumbered his throat a couple of times, and shifted uncomfortably. Beside him, Cas was more devil-may-care.
“That’s different,” Dean stuck his tongue out at her and propped his legs up on hers. “Novak and I were never friends, so it’s nothing lost. You and Anna were, though, and it’s kind of sad that you’re not anymore.”
Unfortunately, Castiel probably got all kinds of special perks for being a teacher’s son. Especially since she seemed to favor the students of her house just a little.
“That’s what you wanted, right?” Dean asked, his voice flat. “Not to have to wear Hufflepuff colors. There you go.”
He dropped to the ground when the strength in his arms gave out, landed on his behind, and glared up at the puzzle in front of him.
His escapades into the kitchens were not as frequent as he would have liked, but sometimes when Dean wanted to go, there were students in the common room; he couldn’t very well open the secret passageway and alert the entire Hufflepuff House to its existence. It was for that very reason that he was eating as much as he was today. He’d been hoping that he could make a birthday trip, but so far there had always been someone present.
“Nineteen! Twenty!” Castiel heard them yell outside the doors to the Great Hall, and then the sound of scattering footsteps as they ran off into the castle. Not one of them came for the House tables again, and Castiel grinned to himself and relaxed a little. He’d be able to hear when the twenty minutes was up, since Team Bleen would be back outside in the Entrance Hall making a lot of noise - but all the same, he decided to keep count inside his own head. Twenty lots of sixty, that was… he did some quick mental calculation. One thousand two hundred. He took a deep breath, and then started to count, whispering the numbers into the robes bunched around his curled-up knees.
Dean's heartbeat picked up at the sound of another floorboard groaning outside the door. There was definitely another vamp out there, possibly more than one. For a second, Dean tasted the tang of fear on the back of his tongue. So many hunts over so many years, but he always knew any of them could be his last.
It hadn’t looked purple at all when Professor Tran had come and found him right before his first Frog Choir rehearsal just half an hour ago, and taken him to her office to discuss the fight. Castiel hadn’t been able to stop staring at her nostrils the entire time he’d been explaining his side of the story, but there hadn’t been so much as a lilac tint. When she’d nodded her head and curtly pronounced her verdict on his punishment for participating in the fight, he’d been almost too fixated on determining her nasal hue to feel relieved.
He tapped his feet against the ground, just barely able to reach the floor from the bench, and waited in anticipation for the parliament of owls to fly overhead and start dropping their cargo.
“Thanks,” Castiel said guardedly. He’d seen both of these two laughing in the corridors between classes with Dean Winchester, and so could be fairly certain that they would be no friends to him. He turned to peer into the classroom, bending down so that he could see under the desks. Nothing - not even a giggle or a caught breath of nervousness. He shut the door once more, and sealed it with a murmured incantation. Nick and Philippe were still watching him intently. He heard Philippe whisper something in Nick’s ear as he began to turn away.
“Don’t think I haven’t realised you’ve been avoiding me, Castiel,” Naomi said. She sounded even more clipped than usual; Castiel hadn’t heard her words cut so short since the time he’d picked up her wand off the counter when he was six and accidentally vanished one of the legs on the dining-room table with it. His heart was thudding hard against his ribs.
Castiel brushed his fingers along the backs of the books nearest him as he walked by, wondering if he’d ever get around to reading them. The place was so full of knowledge, full of wisdom, full of potential. He’d barely tapped one-millionth of it in a whole year. He had so much more to do.
“No, but maybe he did! We’re always pretty evenly matched in that class and suddenly he’s doing this much better?”
Was he supposed to get Castiel a present? Would Castiel expect that from him now that they were sort of friends? Did he
The sounds of demonic screaming eventually stopped as Castiel heard Dean finish the exorcism in the other room - probably had it memorized - and Castiel slumped where he sat with his back pressed against a wall.
to get Castiel a present? What would he even give to him? Castiel was a) a pureblood wizard and b) really rich. Dean didn’t know what you were supposed to give other wizards and witches in general, not even counting in those who could afford whatever they wanted. He’d managed to slide by with his housemates by getting them cakes he’d politely requested from Turvey, and small things his mother could send by owl.
Dean smiled at Garth’s attempt to make the situation less awkward and began to shovel some eggs into his mouth before their first class with the Ravenclaws.
“Sleepover,” Castiel echoed, thoughtfully. Anna smiled at him; Hannah, meanwhile, shook her head in despair.
I think things are getting too dicey for us, we’re out of there. I’m not risking your life over some dumb flower.”
“Potions?” Charlie said, her feet stepping closer. Castiel stared at the way her robes swished, his mouth falling open. Dean was reading a Potions book? Dean had come into the Hall, on his own, to study extra Potions? So Dean
“It’ll only get worse, the longer you leave it,” Gabriel said nonchalantly, staring out over the Hall towards the Slytherin table.
“You look half-Muggle.” Dean said. “You look the way that I feel. Kinda… trying to fit in here, but – maybe proud that you don’t all the way. Like you’re all mixed up about how it’s all supposed to work together but… that’s okay. ‘Cause you look pretty awesome anyway.”
“You are rude,” said Zeddmore comfortably. “Pretty often. If you don’t want to be, you’re doing something wrong.”
Castiel stepped closer, and stared at the mess of pipes and sharp-toothed wheels he saw right in front of him. He’d never seen anything like it before; the metal was shaped as though it had some kind of – of mechanism, some kind of purpose. But why would it? Magic fulfilled every mechanism and purpose. What kind of door was this?
“Where did you hear about that?” he asked. He hadn’t told many people – just Hannah, Jo, and Anna. One of them must have chatted about it to Charlie, or to someone else who then told Charlie. How many people knew? He’d been wanting to keep it a secret. If the story managed to work its way through the school to Michael’s ears, then it wouldn’t be much longer before Naomi found out, too.
“Dean, I genuinely don’t know what you’re referring to.” Castiel said with a frown. “I’ve never spied on you.”
you or something?” Castiel said, and he hated the word as he felt it on his tongue. Hated even having to acknowledge its existence..
“I’ll show you where it is sometime, if you like.” Charlie’s smile curled into a smirk. “If you grab me some sweets from the kitchen tomorrow.”
‘Corner’, of course, was relative, seeing as the entire common room was in the shape of a circle, so there really weren’t any corners - but they found an unoccupied spot where no one else could eavesdrop.
room, some kind of telepathic… space. Castiel was running up against the edges of his knowledge just trying to think of words to describe it.
Dean took a step back from his friend and ducked down underneath the pendulum before standing back up in the passageway. “Seems okay so far.”
Hannah paused in her descent of the steps, blue eyes wide with surprise, her curly brown hair falling over her face messily.
When he woke up, Castiel went to dinner - early, shoving food into his mouth and then leaving to avoid seeing Dean - and afterwards, he wandered the castle for some time.
Dean had no desire to see him, or anyone, fall hundreds of feet onto the Quidditch field to their doom - but there was a small part of him that felt a little smug at watching him struggle. He glanced at Castiel, who was watching avidly with wide, concerned eyes.
Castiel wanted to say something meaningful and important to Gandalf - wanted to imagine that Dean could hear him right now and be impressed and have his mind changed by whatever it was that Castiel said - but he was alone in the Owlery, and he couldn’t think of anything very significant to say. So instead, he just went and sat by Gandalf’s perch against the wall, and watched the moon rise through the Owlery’s big window.
“Well, I just came to get my… stuff,” Jo said uncertainly. She seemed to hear a whisper from behind the still-open portrait of the Fat Lady, because she turned her head briefly and then said more confidently, “My pyjamas. I wanted… my pyjamas.”
“Hey, it’s okay. Can I see your finger?” he asked gently, trying to mimic the same voice that he always heard Madam Hanscum use around her patients.
Billie and the rest of the team hoisted the cup into the air, and Dean couldn’t help but get caught up in the energy of the win.
A small, chubby man checked his sparkling gold watch, looking harassed. A large woman walked by with a skinny little girl skipping along behind her, counting out numbers as she went. A pigeon flapped overhead, landing on top of a pink and red sign advertising cheap pizza. And under his feet, the
No help, today. No guidelines to refer back to when his potion started to spit and hiss and smell like a damp dog at a fireworks festival. Just his own memory of whatever potion Professor Crowley was going to ask of them, and his own skills in making it.
“Alright, children,” he drawled, his hands folded neatly. “As I told you at the end of last week’s class, today we will be brewing the Cure for Boils. It’s a simple enough potion, so I trust that the
Dean glared back, a silent challenge in his gaze - until Castiel turned to his own work, his expression entirely unreadable.
All he had to do was occupy his brain with other things, which was easy to do as December rolled around - for two specific reasons.
“My name is Professor Mills. I’ll be your flying instructor this year, as well as your referee in the coming years if any of you end up playing on your House team.”
“We don’t have to go to the game if you don’t want to,” Lisa said, the tension broken. “We can go do something else.”
tempting to just – just throw out the rulebook, be mediocre in his classes, blow off homework to spend time messing around with his friends, and try out for the Quidditch team next year. But… as tempting as those things were, Castiel couldn’t bear the thought of the look on his mother’s face when she heard what he’d done. Her anger had hurt him, but thinking of her sadness and her disappointment made him want to curl up and cry for a thousand years.
Castiel could only stand, and stare. On the walls around him, copper-coloured lamps flickered. They were warm, and strangely comforting.
?” Dean snorted. Castiel ignored him, staring down at his wet clothes. He wished he knew a spell to dry them; Muriel back at Cloudesley Street could have done it in a second. He was going to have to go back up to the castle.
Castiel shut the laptop and clasped his hands in front of himself as he waited for the rest of the explanation.
Garth still looked a little unconvinced, so Dean took a deep breath and rested a hand on his shoulder. “If we don’t do this we’re going to wonder what’s in there for the rest of our lives. I’m going to go, but you don’t have to follow. I can just tell you what it is when I get back?”
Castiel pulled off the highway and the grungy motel he had checked into the day before finally came into view. With any luck, he and Dean could have an honest conversation, and maybe Castiel would wake up at any time to figure out that this had all been one big, crazy dream and he was back in his apartment in Fresno, loading up pictures of a cheating husband to send to his wife.
“Shut it, Fitzgerald!” yelled a voice from across the room, louder than the general chatter and catcalling that filled up the changing room where Castiel was sitting.
Castiel was in the Entrance Hall at half-past six, as promised. Hannah had left him at the bottom of the stairs, heading into the Great Hall with a smile and a murmured promise to sneak some dinner out for him in a napkin. Castiel’s stomach had rumbled its thanks in response.
“You’re going to tell on her?” said the short blond one. The other, a skinny, dark-haired boy, shook his head in silent disapprobation. “That’s not cool, man. Besides, everyone knows the luggage is left by your bed. Hannah’s luggage is
Castiel barely heard Professor Shurley giving his welcoming speech; his entire world seemed to have shrunk down to the pattern of marks on the table in front of him. Someone, a past Gryffindor, had chiselled the words
for a second and understand, then they’d see it’s not that easy,” Castiel said. He moved his queen. She looked up at him, and he ignored her.
“Guys, shut up…” Dean said, his eyes wide as he stared out into the gloom. The air was almost cold enough for their breath to cloud, but not quite - the possibility hung, another almost or maybe, more ghosts waiting to materialise.
He watched as Castiel’s jaw clenched and Dean wondered for a moment if the nerve he’d struck had been a little too deep.
Dean could feel his heartbeat beginning to pound again, but for a different reason, now. He met Castiel’s eyes, in the way that they did, the way they always did – and yet this time, after what Castiel had just said, there was something that wasn’t quite the same.
Castiel heard the nickname, and he smiled for the first time in what felt like days. A part of him watched himself, and told him in Naomi’s voice that he was getting distracted, he was doing exactly what she’d said not to do. But he hushed that part of himself. It was only for a few minutes. And Dean had got him a
“Philippe LeChat?” Professor MacLeod raised her eyebrows expectantly. “You are a Metamorphmagus, correct?”
“It’s not, though. It’s -” Dean let out a breath and looked like he was gathering his thoughts. “Being an angel lets you see
Dean nodded in agreement, but it was more just to give himself something to do while he processed all of this brand new information.
was what was so important that it couldn’t wait until after class? How did Charlie even know about that? Right after they’d gotten back from the kitchens he and Garth had pinky-sworn that they wouldn’t tell another living soul about the secret passageway through the clock. And they’d kept their word. They hadn’t spoken about it to anyone else. Sure, they’d offered some of the proceeds around now and again - what was the point of having loads of food if you couldn’t share it? But it wasn’t like they’d gone around shooting their mouths off about it. Generally, their mouths had been too occupied with chewing the latest snack, anyway.
No trickery, no japery, no jest - A Priori has updated!! In this awful time, we hope this feels like a sort of anti-prank. We're wishing you all the very, very best. Stay safe, take care. And, if you feel like it, disappear into the world of Hogwarts for a bit. Don't forget to check out the catch-up summary below if you need a refresher!
Letting out a relieved breath, Dean poked his head out the door and frowned when the only thing that greeted him was a dark hallway.
and then all the presents would disappear in a puff of smoke. The first gift he picked up seemed solid enough, though. He tore off the wrapping paper, and found himself looking at a big box of chocolates.
“Family,” Naomi said, icy. “Family, Castiel. Learning, knowledge, hard work… what do these things mean, without context?" She looked down at him, her expression stern. "If you were a Muggle, would it matter if you knew the ingredients of a Forgetfulness Potion?”
He couldn’t bring himself to finish the sentence, but the girl was nodding already as though she’d understood.
In all honesty, Dean knew that he really should be grateful. Castiel had probably just saved his life, but he was too proud and too bitter to even think about acknowledging it to his face. If he was going to keep thinking that what Dean was is less than he is, then Dean could oblige the other way around.
“I didn’t know you were so interested in cleaning,” Castiel said. “I would have thought making a total mess of everything was more your style, judging by what happened in the Potions exam.”
He hadn’t spent a lot of time with it this year, but he’d had a lot on his mind that was probably more important than cracking the mystery to some secret door that no one else knew about – but maybe only by a little.
Dean laughed at the ridiculousness of the question, pleased to see that Nick also seemed to find it amusing. Sometimes he forgot that Nick was a half-blood.
There was a quiet tap-tap-tap of shoes on the stairs, getting louder. Castiel frowned and turned to face the door of the dormitory; the three other Gryffindor boys were standing frozen guiltily in the middle of the room. All of them were thinking the same thing:
Once inside, Castiel couldn’t help his curiosity getting the better of him. He stared around just like the rest of the first years, taking in the squashy red sofas, the dark wood tables, the faded, soft rugs. He thought of his home, of clean lines and glass and sky-blue walls, and felt a pain in his chest. Beside him, Jo was beaming around at everything as though it had been placed there especially for her. On his other side, Anna looked pale and wide-eyed. Castiel hadn’t known her long enough to know if she was actually worried about something, or if her face naturally fell into lines of vague concern. He wondered what
“Come on, Dean! I know you’ve found a secret passage. I have too! I just want to know about as many as I can.”
He stopped just before the corridor turned and peeked around the corner to see two people he didn’t expect to ever see together. Lucifer Morningstar and Ruby Cortese.
of it, coming to get him out of the library and playing with Hannah and Ash in the snow with him, and spending all day with him. Like a friend would. Castiel pushed away his mother’s judgemental face in his mind.
He’d probably put in some ingredients while Dean wasn’t looking that he knew reacted badly, or did some sort of spell that he knew would make it explode. Dean
Dean set his wand down and smiled up at his teacher, expecting some sort of praise for his accomplishments - at the very least, an acknowledging nod - but all that he got in return was a dark glare from less-than-impressed eyes.
Castiel pointedly pushed his hair back into place. “I like inanimate objects. They don’t put me in headlocks.”
Professor Gadreel sat back in his chair, looking resigned. “Dean, I’m concerned that you’re taking this. . . rivalry a little too far. The Novaks are good people and while I’m sure you will both grow out of this eventually, do you think you could at least try to be nice to each other? I don’t want you two getting into any more trouble.”
“I don’t know…” The girl sat herself down on one of the beds and yelped when she seemingly bumped her finger against her chest, fresh tears falling down her face.
The rest of him knew that if he was going to stand any chance of succeeding in this exam, he couldn’t let Lethe Water fumes carry him away to the Hospital Wing.
Dean chewed on his lip and stared into the dirt in the pot, trying to find an answer there – a way to explain why he’d done what he’d done.
An icy chill ran down his spine as a voice he’d hoped he’d never have to hear again came from somewhere behind him.
“Yes, but… maybe I act like that makes me better than other people,” Castiel said. “Maybe I shouldn’t always keep talking about the things I’ve learned, or…”
Dean swallowed, but did as he was asked, plodding through the gate to stand in front of Joshua as he stared back at him from behind his spectacles. Joshua rarely became angry with students from what Dean knew, but even still, he blinked rapidly to stop the tears that were threatening to roll at the first sign of anger.
As much as he hadn’t been looking forward to spending his detention pruning plants with three grumpy men, it hadn’t been all that bad. Better than his detention with Castiel, anyhow. Mr Singer was grumpy because that’s just how he was, Mr Turner, the groundskeeper, was grumpy because Mr Singer was (and Dean was fairly sure that they tried to out-grump each other) and Professor Gadreel was grumpy because this was Dean’s tenth detention this school year - a fact which Dean had been chastised on briefly.
Dean gaped, trying to figure out how he’d done it without a spell when Thaddeus groaned loudly and threw his hands up in the air.
He dug through his bag for his class schedule and pulled out a very crumpled piece of parchment, reading the class pairing and groaning. Really? Gryffindors again? At least Jo would be there to help even out the presence of Mr High-and-Mighty.
“Something on Jo first,” she said. “Then I’ll tell you everything. No hints beforehand. Oh, and don’t worry, by the way – if she asks me how I know whatever you tell me about her, I’ll lie and say I heard it from a first-year, or something. So, come on, then.”
“I - I don’t know anything about any messing,” Castiel said, a little faintly. He’d never considered Philippe to be especially scary - in fact, Castiel hadn’t really considered him at all, given that Philippe was mediocre in class and Dean Winchester’s friend, too, and so obviously had bad taste - but now, suddenly, Castiel was considering him very hard indeed. Beside him, Nick Munroe was looking pleased with himself. Castiel had no idea what part Nick played in all this, but he seemed happy about it.
Castiel swung around, knocking his elbow hard into the vampire’s jaw before it could reach him. The vampire - Castiel thought his name was Roy, but that wasn’t going to be important for much longer - slammed against the wall and bounced back with a hiss, raking a hand forward that Castiel easily dodged.
Dean had been making an effort during his stay at Hogwarts to visit the mysterious Door at least once a month to see if anything had changed. So far, ever since the first change with the addition of the pale wood and strange symbols, the Door had remained exactly the same. No change in color, size, or look.
“I - I - yes,” Castiel said, hating himself for stumbling over his words. He cleared his throat. “I forgot my quill. I only came down to get it before going to Charms.”
“Do you believe in fate?” Dean shouted, but Castiel wasn’t listening, his attention fixed on the vampire in front of him. Dean let out a sharp breath as the vampire he’d wounded pressed in close again. With his lip curled in concentration, Dean grabbed for its hair, brought up his knife, and cut – decapitating it. By the time its body thudded to the ground, Dean had already moved in on the other vamp that was angling for Castiel’s blind spot.
“Jo, I saved his life once,” Castiel said flatly. “If we were going to be friends, I think it would've happened after that.”
Dean grinned. “Alright. You should probably go around to the other side and then I’ll start throwing some first, and you throw yours when you see it.”
“No,” Castiel said. “I’m going to punch you in the nose. You’ll need the tissues to mop up the blood.”
definitely didn’t look bored, Castiel thought. Dean’s face had that same underlying hunger to win that Castiel felt.
curious. Nothing about Dean was adding up. Nothing made sense. So much about him was an obvious lie, but some of it was ominously true, and those parts made him the most nervous. If Dean could take out fifteen vampires the way that he did, and still not have a scratch on him… what else could he do?
“Good. Very good. We’re going to head straight for part two, now that you seem to have got the balance right. Don’t worry, it won’t be scary.”
“But you don’t have to decide that right now, sweetheart. You’ve still got six more years of learning to do.” She picked up the empty cup she’d set down and began heading back.
“That - that was…” he said, his voice all wobbly with laughter. “Her face… you should have seen… she thinks I’ve gone crazy!”
Naomi didn’t say anything more. When Castiel glanced back over his shoulder at the end of the corridor, she was already gone. As though she’d vanished.
“Gabe,” Castiel said, accepting his brother’s congratulations with a smile. “What did you do to Dean Winchester?”
When he was facing the troll tapestry again, he let out a sigh. He was tired, and worn out from crying, and his fellow Gryffindors were probably wondering where he’d got to. It was time to try to find his way back. He’d made it a few steps up the corridor, when a hand closed on his shoulder.
And so Dean ran as fast as his Hufflepuff legs could carry him, all the way back down the staircase and far from the Ravenclaw tower.
“Gryffindor Keeper,” Professor Mills said, pointing her finger at Gordon Walker, who shrugged. He still wasn’t the same since the fight - Castiel had seen him spending some more time with Kubrick and Creedy, but it wasn’t often and otherwise he seemed virtually friendless. It was only fair, Castiel still thought. He’d behaved so badly to Hannah, and received a thorough come-uppance.
Dean sat and dropped his chin into his cupped hands as he strained his brain, trying to think it through. He remembered the story of
Dean gasped sharply as he tried stepping down on it again and the pain spiked up his leg. Nope. Walking on it just wasn’t going to work.
Most of his time was spent doing what little research he could into Dean’s brother’s vessel in an attempt to find any sign of where he could be. His first opinion - that Sam was just dead. But maybe Dean was right, and he was just wandering around as a human.
Castiel reached out a hand, and took it. Dean seemed to hold onto it for a second too long, as though he wasn’t quite prepared to let go - and then he dropped it when Castiel gave a tug.
Castiel’s blinked hard and stopped talking, his voice threatening to wobble. He wished he could forget how much it hurt him that his father hadn’t even so much as written him a letter after what had happened at Christmas. He didn’t know why he had hoped for one - he couldn’t remember a time when his father had so much as acknowledged his existence beyond his annual gift - but somehow, a part of him had hoped that his mother would write to his father and tell him what had happened. That his father would send him something else, something he could keep.
Castiel threw the three boys a glare over his shoulder, and then moved over to his suitcase. He felt wound up tight as a mess of knotted rope inside, strained in all the wrong places, making bad decisions, not acting anywhere near normal.
- but it’s all muted. There’s too much to see, too much to keep track of. It’s just like - too much and nothing at all - all at the same time. You know?”
“I heard from a sixth-year that it likes toast,” said Anna composedly. “You’re still in, right, Hannah? No quitsies on the plan.” She began to gather slices from the toast rack, stacking them neatly in front of her on top of a napkin.
“Hey, hey, it’s OK,” Castiel said, moving forwards to stand next to her cauldron. “Look, I’ve got – I’ve got notes here – OK. So you’re supposed to stir it just a few… but then I read about this time, it went darker than it should, and they added…” Castiel was tearing through his notes, rumpling the parchment in his hurry as Hannah looked on, her lips pressed shut and her eyes shiny with tears. “No – no, wait, they stirred it, and then they diced the Horned Slugs instead of just dropping them in – do you have your knife?”
Castiel felt a surge of anger. Ruby didn’t wait for him to reply; she only spun around and walked back up towards the castle, her dark curly hair swinging. For a brief second, Castiel was so furious that he considered pulling out his wand and aiming a well-worded jinx her way – he’d found some pretty good ones over the course of his time in the Hogwarts library. He repressed the urge, but just barely.
Nathalie began to blow a large bubble with gum the same bright color of her hair and stared at him as it popped.
be a lot of work to have to stare so intently at his lips as he tried to decipher what shapes his mouth was forming.
. We have academic excellence to uphold. People look to us for those things you spoke of before - learning, knowledge. People look to us to advance their society for them, Castiel, because we Novaks and Tappings - we always have.”
Castiel could feel his heart in his throat. He thought he was going to be sick. He tried to remember a single fact from all the studying he’d been doing - and it was all gone. He was as blank as the blackboard.
“I’ve never played. What are the rules?” Hannah said, leaning forwards; Castiel noticed Dean looking at her with something like relief, which was odd. It was strange for both of them never to have played Exploding Snap, since they both came from wizarding families.
Castiel took a deep breath, and began walking – making for the Gryffindor table. As much as he might dislike Dean Winchester, Castiel wasn’t going to deliberately argue with him. He wasn’t going to let the clench of frustration in his stomach walk him over there and pick him a fight. He was going to sit down, and eat his dinner.
Nope – none of that. He’d been doing really well up to this point at distracting himself from thinking about Castiel.
“No, Professor.” Castiel didn't know what to do beyond nervously agreeing. Was he supposed to have gone and seen her? But she had always been so adamant that at school, her sons were to behave towards her like any other student would. No family friendliness, no visits, no expectation of abnormal warmth or extra time.
Dean picked up his pillow from the other side of the bed and chucked it at his dormmate, smiling smugly when it smacked him directly in the face. “For the record, I’m doing badly in
Castiel was grimacing and wiping at his face with the sleeve of his robe. “Why do you always do that?” he muttered.
“Don’t you have friends to be with?” Castiel said. Gabriel lifted one shoulder, and then let it drop.
It was a race that involved getting chastised by two teachers as they ran by, knocking over three students, and running directly through the Fat Friar - an experience Dean hoped to never have again - and ended with Jo beating him by the skin of her teeth.
It was a golden burst of pure joy in his chest that suffused him, filled him up to brimming. It was overwhelming; Castiel had been smiling anyway just moments before, but now he couldn’t keep the bright-eyed grin off his face. Just for a second, it was all wiped away - all of it. He was floating. All his worry, all the need to be perfect and right and the best, all the pressure and the fear and the anger, it was all gone. All he could feel was happiness, simple and easy, and he only realised how much else he carried with him when he finally set it down just for a moment -
“Hey, hey,” Dean stepped forward when Castiel started to hyperventilate - something he hadn’t been aware could even happen to an angel - “Cas.
Castiel didn’t take his book to lunch. He was worried that if Dean saw him with it, Dean might demand it back.
Castiel swallowed. He couldn’t look at Hannah, who was standing frozen on the other side of the room.
Ruby had been avoiding contact with Dean ever since the incident last week. When she saw him in the common room she’d immediately turn to go back to her dorm, or if she was in the same class as him she’d sit on the opposite end and out of his line of sight.
It would be cheating. According to the rules, Dean should suffer the unfortunate effects of his own lack of study, lack of forethought. And Castiel, meanwhile, as his unofficial arch-nemesis, should enjoy it.
Castiel tilted his head to the side and scrunched his face up the way that he did whenever he was thinking real hard about something. Dean could almost see him flipping through his own personal library in his mind, trying to find the name ‘Gandalf’ in it somewhere and failing.
that sometimes she overshadowed all the cool stuff she was teaching. It wasn’t that she was petrifying or anything, but she had the attitude of someone with a low bar for patience, who wouldn’t hesitate to send your severed finger to a family member if you crossed her.
Dean waited as Madam Hanscum flicked her wand expertly and waited for her to nod her head before reaching up to feel his newly-grown eyebrows. All seemed well up there.
Gritting his teeth, Castiel walked alone down the dark corridor, greenish light flickering over him. He tried to balance being quiet with not looking too much like he was creeping around, and cast a few glances over his shoulder in an attempt to seem as though he really was just looking for Professor Crowley.
“I think I’m okay with that,” Lisa said, and cooed at him once before looking back up at Dean, a light tint to her cheeks. “So, I just wanted to say that I hope you have a nice summer break!”
“Because it’s in my interests for it to work out,” she said matter-of-factly. “When people come to me to get their problems solved, people start owing me favours, too. And I find out all kinds of things that no one else knows… I kinda like that. You let me know if you ever need anything, Carroll.”
“Novak,” he said in response all the same, with a little easygoing shrug of his shoulders and a small, goofy grin. Castiel looked to Dean, and saw him pulling a face at Garth. He smiled to himself.
“I’m sorry, Castiel,” Naomi repeated, taking a small step forward. “We got off on the wrong foot here tonight, and that was my fault. Bad habits.”
“You know…” Castiel heard Anna say, though he was staring into the empty cup, “not everyone has the stomach for hunting. That’s okay. No one’s going to think of you any differently if -”
Around the edge of the door was a stone frame, with more symbols carved on it – regularly, this time, gathered together in groups with spaces in between, like words. At the top of the frame, at the crest of the pointed arch of the door, was a stone-carved letter: an H.
“It's just…” Castiel said. He thought of the potions in his pockets - and then thought of Hannah, and pressed on with what he'd been about to say. “This whole thing... isn't about having fun. It's about a stupid argument between Jo and Anna, and having these sleepovers is only going to make it worse.”
“Yeah. I think you make the most sense out of anyone in at least this five foot area. Maybe even the hallway.”
Castiel kept walking. Under his bare feet, the stony ground softened to squidgy, muddy lake bed. He stepped more easily, enjoying the strange feeling. The water soaked up to his knees, cool and murky - not unpleasant when the hot sun was beating down on the back of his head.
, Gabriel,” Castiel said, turning back to his book determinedly. “I can take care of myself. I always come off better.” Briefly, the image of snowballs being pelted into his face surfaced in his mind; Castiel pushed it away crossly.
“No,” Professor Mills said crisply. “Rules are rules, even for the Novaks. Everyone’s on the same broom, young man, quite literally. They’re all Comets. You wouldn’t want to cheat, would you?”
“He didn’t tell me to, he asked me to,” Castiel clarified, and pulled his computer away from Dean. “I think he just doesn’t like being disobeyed, so I suppose that makes you an extra big thorn in his side.”
“Well... I might as well get it over with,” he said aloud, trying to sound upbeat even though his heart was skittering with sudden nerves at the idea of talking with his brother. They hadn’t so much as said ‘hello’ to each other since September. “I’ll go and see what he wants.”
“I heard you had a rough day,” Mr Singer said, and the kindness in his tone had Castiel’s tears rising all over again; he put his face into his hands, and his shoulders shook.
Ruby grumbled something under her breath, but gazed out the window when no one else chimed in to agree with whatever she’d been about to say.
The detentions with Professor Tran had been simple enough; Gordon had been there for both of them, along with Kubrick and Creedy, but Castiel, Anna, Jo and Hannah had been able to ignore all three of them completely in the enforced silence of the classroom whilst they copied out paragraphs from their Transfiguration textbook. Castiel, of course, had already read over these pages several times, and had furthered his knowledge in the library besides, so the exercise hadn’t been the practical punishment that Professor Tran had been expecting, not for him – but all the same, it hadn’t been bad.
“Great!” Jenna reached out and patted him on the shoulder once. “I can’t make any promises, but I’d like to at least see you at tryouts, okay?”
“Don’t tell him that,” Dean said. “He’ll be here for hours trying to learn it, just to prove a point.”
“Told you I’d be bad at this,” he said. Castiel looked down at the sliver of silver on one side of his own matchstick. It looked small, barely even noticeable.
“Are you okay?” Castiel said, ogling Dean from across the table. And that in itself was weird. They didn’t normally sit facing each other like this, right? Even when they grabbed food with just the pair of them. They normally sat beside each other, or adjacent, or just somehow not opposite, Dean thought.
Professor Mills blew her whistle and their small group touched off the ground. Dean could hear Professor Mill's voice correct Garth’s grip as they flew off into the field.
Ash frowned at him, not angrily – more as though he was genuinely taken aback by the question. Castiel opened his mouth to say something more, and then shut it. He couldn’t imagine Amphibious Nigellus would be especially pleased to suddenly find himself with several feet more neck and leg, in a tiny dungeon.
The classroom had been cleared; there were no cauldrons out, today, and no individual desks at the back, just wide wooden tables in a horseshoe shape with stools under them. Castiel took a place between Hannah and Anna, and looked up to see Dean sitting down next to Jo on the other side, directly opposite. He looked away before Dean could catch him watching, or make eye contact.
“Michael?” he said, when his older brother didn’t notice him approach. Michael kept talking to Lucifer, confidence radiating like a sunblast.
“One or two,” Gabriel replied with a smile. “But there’s no one I’d rather hang out with than my baby bro. I’ll seek first.”
“Oh, uh... hey Dean,” Not-Cas said, and finished putting his selected meat in his basket, “I didn’t didn’t know that you died. Um, if you’re looking for Castiel -“
“Garth,” he said, nodding to Garth Fitzgerald. Garth frowned. He and Castiel had spoken perhaps twice in their entire time at Hogwarts.
“Hey – good work on that counter-jinx in class today, by the way,” Ash said, as he backed off, almost round the corner. “You were almost as good as me.”
non-Ravenclaws could get into the room if they wanted, it was just that most couldn’t or didn’t care to.
“Should one of us go after her?” Jo said worriedly. “She’s not great. Gordon’s still being a moron, and…”
The Gryffindors were in the lead, with Jo and Castiel enthusiastically getting slightly faster and higher.
“Like cleaning fluid,” Dean said, as if in agreement. Castiel wondered briefly what ‘cleaning fluid’ was, and then remembered the stuff that he and Muriel used on the windows at Cloudesley Street, because she said cleaning by magic alone never quite got them to sparkle.
Charlie pulled him into a surprise hug, locking her arms over his frame. “Thank you, Dean! And... I really am sorry about that detention, okay? I just want us to be friends.”
The glee that Dean felt at seeing the perfectly aimed snowball was shattered when he was the snowball break apart in the air and fall slowly around the huddled group of students. It was obvious that they had some sort of protection spell surrounding them.
Hesitantly, as though unsure of its reality, Castiel reached out a hand and brushed the backs of his fingers against the broom’s handle. It felt smooth as satin.
“What?” demanded Dean, catching the expression on Dean’s face; Castiel could only keep staring. The centaur lifted one of its hooves and then stamped it down, once, still looking up at the stars; the sound was the same one that they’d heard, a thudding step. This was the animal that had been walking near them.
“Ah, I see,” Lucifer said. “And here was me thinking that you’d come to find me, specifically.” He smirked, and Castiel reddened.
The bad feeling in his gut sunk further as Dean gripped the book under his arm again and hurried out of the library.
“Stay on beat!” Madam Hanscum called. “And sopranos, I can hear you fudging the runs! Come on, I know you can do this!”
too small for him, which explained the odd tightness that was happening all over his body at the moment - and that was due to the fact that he’d definitely grown longer and broader in just about all of himself. He was at least several inches taller than he’d been a few minutes ago, with wider shoulders, thicker legs and some pretty well-defined muscles in the arms and chest, if he did say so himself. The face he looked at every day in the mirror had become less round and childish - his cheekbones were more defined and the jawline was wider and more prominent.
“So unlock it?” he said, shoving himself in between two members of the front row and pulled out his wand from his pocket, pointing it at the door. He had
Sure enough, one of the figures in blue was making a dive from the top of the stadium, closely followed by a figure in green, who must have been the Slytherin Seeker.
“If you’re new, figure out which team you’re on and what you’re doing! Team Rellow are seekers, Team Bleen are hiders,” Gabriel said. Castiel left Dean’s side awkwardly, not knowing whether or not he should be saying goodbye before going. Pushing through tall bodies, he almost received several elbows in the face - but finally he managed to locate his brother, standing with his hands on his hips with a piece of parchment floating beside him, preening under the attention of two fourth-year girls with matching ponytails.
There was a gleam in Charlie’s eye as she learned the new information before it was quickly extinguished.
“Hey, Transfiguration first,” Jo said excitedly. “With the Hufflepuffs. I know a couple of ‘em, they seemed alright.”
“Yes,” Castiel said, unconvinced. It was hard to imagine what other things people even could keep hidden, and how it would make a difference. There wasn’t a lot about him that he would really mind if people knew. His reading habits, his grades, his family, his home in London – all of it was something to be proud of, really.
“We’re going to North Carolina,” Castiel announced when Dean walked into the kitchen, holding a metallic rod in one hand that was faintly humming like a tuning fork. “What is that?”
“Don’t move back either,” the shifter said in a rush,licking his lips. “Stay exactly where you are.”
A small smile appeared on her face, so small that Dean wouldn’t have dared to call it a smile on anyone else - but on Professor Novak there was no mistaking it. Her face was generally such a permanent frown that anything else was basically a neon sign of ecstasy.
“What’s a firefighter?” Garth asked, eyes wide with possibility. “Does he have to go out and punch fireplaces or something?”
he’d been bullying Hannah so frequently, but Gordon always hinted at something that Dean was probably out of the loop on.
Maybe, Castiel considered suddenly, her parents weren’t even wizards. Maybe Hannah was a Muggle-born.
Another show of hands, maybe a few less. Castiel would have cared twenty minutes ago, but now he only wanted to find out what was happening with Gabriel and Dean.
The light chatter in the common room died almost instantly as they all heard the voice near the entryway.
“Welcome back, class.” Professor Novak stood at her desk and waved her wand at a large pile of papers that were stacked neatly in front of her, causing them to rise up. “As I’m sure you all know, today I give you back the result of your end-of-year exam. Some of you should be very proud of yourselves, while some of you should consider reflecting on your shortcomings.”
“Obviously, that was deeply unsportsmanlike,” Dean had to lean forward to hear better as the crowd got even louder at the presentation of the Cup. “But… Lucifer… I mean, he isn’t the only one on the team, and Slytherin
He tried to convince himself by thinking it, hard. If he didn’t have his family… he didn’t even want to think about it.
, dude?” the man said, his eyes seemingly noting the lack of any sort of restraints on Castiel. “You got a death wish or something? Get moving!”
Across the table, Castiel sits back, his hands in his lap. “What if you started hunting again?” he suggests. “The stress levels aren’t ideal, but it might ease your mind if you can put your hands to use.”
“There’s nothing you can do?” Dean asks, brittle. He looks up, but not much higher than Castiel’s chest. Rowena must pity him, or else she wouldn't be here. There’s nothing for her to gain out of this, other than watching an angel die.
“It’s over now,” Dean sighs. Tilting his head back, he settles for petting Castiel’s wing in his lap. He concentrates on the utter softness of his feathers and how they bleed warmth into his thighs, the strength they hold. “He ain’t coming back, but I’m—I’m still fucking terrified, man. That ain’t gonna stop any time soon.”
“I’m not opposed to it,” Castiel sighs. Leaning up onto an elbow, he touches his fingers to his throat, closing the wound. “What you want isn’t purely my essence, is it?”
Castiel doesn’t deserve the burden, no matter how right Sam may be. “He probably doesn't wanna see me again,” Dean mumbles, drying his eyes.
. “If we’re meant to live through the example of Christ, then why should we hate our neighbors, our friends, our family solely because of who they love and who they don’t?” Castiel strokes across Dean’s cheek. “Christ loved everyone, and anyone who denies that refuses to accept his sacrifice.”
Sam looked over at Cas. He had his eyes squeezed shut, and was slightly rocking himself. "I don't think that's a good idea," he said, still staring at Cas.
His anger was bubbling up again. It came in waves. He used the breathing techniques Sam showed him as he tried to calm down. A certain relief came from the text too. Dean was okay. Much to his greatest frustration, Cas still loved him.
It didn't escape their notice how his eyes widened slightly, and he shuffled so they couldn't see inside. He quickly recovered, and said, "Dude, it's like 11 at night. Can it wait?"
However, they had their good moments. Dean unconsciously shuffling in closer to him while sleeping. Or when he snuck smiles to him. Kicking each other in the shins under the table. Watching terrible westerns. Just enjoying each other's company.
Sam hung up without saying goodbye. He slid closer to Cas, and gave him a side hug. Talking to Dean was an emotional toll on both of them.
Cas couldn't syke himself up enough to answer Sams calls. He'd been sitting in the same parking lot for four hours. Dean needed space. Cas knew that. He just pushed him too far that morning.
In the car, when Dean tried to smirk at him again, he couldn't bring himself to look the least bit happy.
Cas desperately tried to control his breathing as Sam yelled at his brother. Eventually, Dean stormed off to the Impala and raced away. He hadn't caught a single word they said.
The whole ride Dean would steal glances at Cas in the backseat. Whenever he managed to catch his eye, he'd give a little smirk. Sometimes it infuriated Cas how much he loved him.
A part of him knew he didn't deserve to get hit, or kicked, or punched. He knew that was wrong. In any other case, he'd do exactly what Sam had done.
Cas' brow furrowed. It was. He'd made Dean angry. Yes, sure, that was completely and utterly offensive, but he'd accidentally pushed Deans insecurities right in front of him by talking to Tom. And the outburst was because of John. "I should go apologize."
Surprisingly, Dean quickly kissed his cheek before Sam could turn around. He was left frozen in place until his name got called.
When he twisted his wrist the wrong way, he knew it was an accident. When Dean pushed him off the bed, it was an accident. When Dean kicked him in the stomach, it was an accident. When he busted Cas' lip, it was an accident.
A painstakingly slow 7 minutes went by when they finally heard the bunker door close. Cas had gotten his breathing under control. He got up as quietly as he could and slipped out Deans door.
Neither of them really expected him to pick up, so when he said responded, they couldn't bring themselves to say anything. "Cas, hello?"
He wanted to argue that he was ready. That he could handle it. But he knew he really couldn't. The weight of Deans actions and words were finally settling in. "I...I was so
"Cas, you gotta stick up for yourself some. I know Deans a stubborn asshole and he has some issues, but you didn't deserve that. You hear me?"
The rest of the ride was in comfortable silence. Dean took his hand again, but the only thing Cas could think about was the bruises forming on his wrist.
He made him angry again. Dean shoved him a little too hard, forcing the air out of his lungs. Immediately, he showered him with
He stopped breathing. Dean had never said it back. "I love you, honey. I should've said it a long time ago."
It was a pattern. Every time they were intimate, the next morning Dean withdrew himself. It'd been happening all week. At the realization, tears brimmed his eyes.
His eyes narrowed, but he stepped aside. There were five other people lounging on the couches, all staring at them with a unmistakable glint in their eyes.
He had to draw the line somewhere. Dean watched him gasp for air across the room. Cas held his neck in his hands. His throat was on
Dean took a deep breath, and Cas stiffened. Surprisingly, he just said, "okay. What else do I do wrong?"
"No, I mean, don't call yourself a fag, Cas. Yeah, you're gay, but not a fag. And thank you for trusting me enough to tell me, but God, I'm going to beat the shit outta Dean for that."
But now, the bad moments happened behind closed doors. More often than not, Cas got himself kicked out of Deans room. He tried to explain himself to Dean, but he just didn't want to hear it.
Cas suddenly became very interested in his water. This conversation was becoming increasingly harder to listen to.
"Are you fucking kidding me," he yelled at no one. Though Cas was getting better, his heart still raced whenever anyone raised their voice. "Shit, sorry Cas," he said when he saw his friend shrink away, "but two months, no contact, and this is all he says? Fuck, at least he got one thing right, you deserve an explanation. Shit, so do I. I'm gonna kill him. Try calling him, maybe he'll answer this time."
word from Dean. Not one. Not even an apology. With Sams help, he realized he definitely deserved one. Cas deserved a lot of things Dean didn't even think to give him.
Castiel shushes him, sating him with a kiss. It doesn’t make sense, though, why he isn’t screaming, or begging for the pain to stop. In fact, Dean’s soul welcomes him, treats him as a friend, unlike Sam or Bobby or any of the other people Castiel has touched over the years. Given his way, Castiel would bury himself in Dean, would bask in the softness of his soul. Against his will, he begins to pull free, but Dean chases him, a whine escaping his lips. “Dean, I need to…”
Castiel closes his menu with an exhale, just in time for Monica to come back, her pencil tucked behind her ear and her hands on her hips. Dean knew her in kindergarten, knew how back then, she wanted to become an actress and star alongside Tom Cruise. She never made it past Kansas before she had to turn around to take care of her mother. Sometimes, she talks about her hopes that one day, she might try again, but Dean knows she’ll never leave, just like him.
, Castiel thinks. Warm water patters against the tiles, overshadowed by Dean’s breathy moans and Castiel’s resulting sighs, and the noise of skin against skin. Dean’s leg slips; Castiel keeps him steady, unfurling his wings to provide more support. Dean’s eyes widen, and only then does Castiel realize that they aren’t trapped in the ether. A mass of pearlescent white feathers spills free, the top arches holding Dean up against the wall. Dean buries a hand in his feathers, arm resting atop the uppermost bones, and strokes himself faster, chin tilted down.
Which means Bobby paid for an empty room for two weeks, just so he could have a place to come back to. If only he could stop crying—if only it didn't hurt.
Firm, Dean nods. “First time I’m gonna get to pack my stuff in boxes. Hell, I’ve never had stuff before, what am I supposed to do with it?”
“Eggs.” Gentle, Castiel pushes Dean up before he undoes his zipper. Dean helps him work his slacks down, then his boxers to reveal his cock. A nice cock, actually, fleshy and human shaped, definitely thicker than any guy Dean has ever slept with, but with a larger slit at the tip. Experimental, he palms it, stroking up the length until he reaches the tip, where it flares open. Definitely like porn, then. “It’s unsightly.”
That, Castiel doesn’t know. After having spent an eternity isolated among the Spheres, though, no part of him wants to return, even if that means wandering the earth for the rest of his life. “I’d rather concentrate on the now,” he says instead. “But to answer your question, I don’t have any plans at the moment to return.”
“Better than being dead,” Dean says. He gathers up a mess of ham and eggs and slathers it onto a piece of toast, shoving it into his mouth. “Thanks for yanking my ass out, by the way.”
Quiet, Castiel sighs. “I think next time, we should stay somewhere nicer,” he says, catching Dean’s eye. “Or even for the day. Someplace dry, preferably.”
“I took the mountain passes and drove through Utah into Arizona. I did what you would call a ‘National Park trip.’”
A woman kissed him? “Bela,” Dean huffs and rubs his eyes. “She’s a friend, but—Yeah. It’s a game, man, and I’ve been playing it since I realized I had eyes. Figure I’ll fake it for the rest of my life, maybe settle down and get in my old man’s good graces again.”
“Kinda?” Dean busies himself with pulling his shirt over his head. Sitting up, Castiel feels up his chest like a magnet, lips latching onto his collarbone. Between them, Dean continues to stroke Castiel’s cock, shivering when precome begins to soak his palm. Too much to be male, or human, and briefly, he wonders if Castiel could fuck him raw like this, without prep or anything else. Past experience says otherwise. “Look, there’s—videos, on the internet, people buy toys to do this.”
Fondness graces Castiel’s eyes, sickeningly sweet. “I’ll have you however you are,” he whispers. “Will you take me?”
, I want—I need to save him. He didn't deserve what he went through, and he doesn't deserve to suffer again because of my failure—”
The storm lets up a while later, the rain dwindling to a drizzle and the wind dying down. Light shines through the gaps in the door. Yet, Castiel can’t pull away from Dean and his body, his plush lips and his skilled fingers. Sprawled out on a mattress two sizes too small, Castiel draws Dean closer, content to feel Dean run his fingers down his clothed spine. They should head back inside and check on the house. Mary might be home, or a neighbor might be at the front door.
