Sherlock is wearing his googles at his should-be-a-kitchen-but-is-really a-chemistry lab. “Your parents are upstairs,” John tells him.
“You know, the little black and white birds? Maybe she understood, any book on pegwigs will probably do?”
“We could rent 221C,” Sherlock says. “I could use one bedroom down there as my lab, and the other as my bedroom. We can switch the fridges so the one in 221B would never have had a biohazard in it, and would be suitable for Rosie’s food. You could decide to put the nursery in your old room or in my old one, and of course take the other room for yourself.”
“Yeah, it kind of does you prat,” John says. Then his eyes go soft, “Unless there are some other things that I don’t know about...like abuse for instance.”
“Oh,” John says, “I don’t know. When I was with Mary, of course Rosie was too young to think about such things, and afterwards, God, I was way too overwhelmed to think about more children. But now? With you helping me? Yeah, I think that’s something I can see a few years down the road.”
“I do,” Sherlock says. John is almost asleep when Sherlock whispers, “Rosie has the pegwigs mixed up. You’re Silo, he’s bisexual, and ended up having a child with a female years later.”
“Yeah?” John says, “She’s two years old, Sherlock. She doesn’t do great with transition. She cries when I drop her off at day care, and she cries when I pick her up. That’s just life, Sherlock. But you don’t have to do any of this! Okay? We can just send her back to day care tomorrow for the full day.”
John giggles, “The other day you went on the world’s longest rant about how you can’t use baby language or you’re going to ruin a kid for life, and now you say that?”
“Yeah, Sherlock, you probably spend more time with Rosie than I do. You’re parenting her.” Then his face falls when Sherlock’s face continues to look shocked. “I’m sorry I shouldn’t have assumed that you’d want that word applied to you. It was not what we agreed to and...”
“Sorry, I should have warned you that sometimes she decides that solid food is beneath her. Then you can get her to drink some chocolate milk.”
Sherlock stares at him, confused. “You like women. You... can always find someone to date. Why would you want to date me?”
Sherlock holds Rosie on his hip as he walks into the children’s room at the library. “I’m wondering if you can help me. Rosie here read a book in school, and I’m afraid we don’t know the name.” His stomach suddenly sinks thinking that Rosie might have misunderstood the story, she might have just been projecting her own story onto the book that was read to her, “She said it had two daddy pegwigs?”
“Have you ever thought about having more kids?” Sherlock asks, suddenly turning toward John and studying him seriously.
“I... I have not been in many physical relationships before, and my partner has always been the one to take the lead. I find myself unable to take the lead, and unsure if that is something you even want.”
“Oh, of course, you’re looking for ‘And Tango Makes Three,’” the women says, walking down an aisle and handing Rosie a book which features three penguins on the front. Rosie points to one of them, “Locky!”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” she says softly. “I was just trying to express my excitement for you. I in no way wanted to apply pressure or make you uncomfortable.”
“Sherlock, that’s all okay, she’s fine,” John says handing Rosie the milk. She drinks it like her life depends on it, which only makes Sherlock feel worse.
“I picked her up on my way home. I just left her downstairs with Mrs. Hudson, because I thought you were going to be in some type of danger.”
“It’s damp down there, and I don’t want Rosie to be around that,” Sherlock says with a shake of his head.
John smiles as he comes up the stairs. Sherlock is asleep on the couch with Rosie spread eagle on his chest. John isn’t exactly sure how she can sleep rising up and down with Sherlock’s breath. The room looks worse than the various times that it’s been bombed apart from the fact that instead of debris it’s Rosie’s toys. John turns the flash off on his phone, and snaps a quick picture, and then, because he can’t resist, he snaps a few more. Then he grabs a box off the floor and puts some toys into it.
“Can I help you find the sources?” Sherlock asks. John looks at him in surprise. “I just think it’s really important that you get information from people who are autistic themselves instead of people who have autistic children. Some practices the later would recommend, with a lot of authority mind you, would be things that most people would consider being abusive.”
“All right, we’ll go to the library, and see if they have that book,” Sherlock says with a tone of exasperation.
“Sorry honey, no, we’ll go upstairs and have your lunch, and then your nap. Then we can decide on what fun thing we’ll do,” he says, giving Mrs. Hudson one more smile before heading upstairs.
“It’s no trouble at all, dearie. If you ever need me to run out and fetch her, you just let me know.”
“She’s barely two, Sherlock. I’m not even sure that she knows other kids exist, but if you think it is really important, we can sign up her up for some of those play group things.”
“Nana?” Rosie asks, having given up hope of getting ice cream for the time being. She ate a banana for breakfast, and Sherlock knows he should aim for more diversity in her food, but at least it’s a healthy request.
John puts Rosie on his hip to take her off to day care, and even though Sherlock swore he was going to stop doing this, he slinks back into bed. He doesn’t really see the point of being up and about for the next three and a half hours before he can go pick Rosie up from day care. His mornings are long. Sometimes he works cases during those hours, but most cases just don’t interest him, and the ones that are actually really interesting require him out of the house. He could do that, provided he got back at a decent time.
Sherlock memorized the book three readings ago. He enjoys the book far more than most of the children’s books that he’s ever read in his entire life, but Rosie has still worn him out.
“Because knowing that a gay man has feelings for them tends to make straight men very uncomfortable.”
“Watch me Sherlock. You fucked up. Parents fuck up all the time, and while I don’t want you to make a habit of it, but you can stop being hard on yourself now. Are you too tired to take care of her? Because I am going to go back to work, but we can leave her with Mrs. Hudson if we need to.”
John smiles. She hadn’t exactly answered the question in words, but she had answered the question’s spirit. “Okay, well Rosie, there are a lot of families that have a Mummy and a Daddy, but not all families.”
Sherlock nods, “I was worried that you would think that I was overstepping by bounds, but it really did all come from Rosie.”
John was right to be leery about the fact that he could do this. He brushes a bit of hair from her sleep sweat soaked face, and wonders if John’s hair was so light it was almost white when he was her age. Was it that thin, too?
Sherlock nods, feelings as if his entire body is on fire as he never has before. John’s kisses are sweet and deep, and he is hovering over Sherlock for only a couple of minutes before he is down on top of him. Sherlock lets out a shuttering sound. John pulls back and runs his hand over Sherlock’s hair.
“Penguins,” John says with a chuckle. And then he steps forward to hug his two favorite people all at once.
John is almost asleep when he hears a knock at the door. It’s Sherlock, looking painfully uncertain. John pulls the blanket back for him.
“It’s mostly just that I don’t want our child to spend their whole life getting ‘treated’ for being autistic, so they never get to do anything that would actually result in them enjoying themselves.”
“No,” Sherlock says sadly, “I might have like John, but he did not return the favor. He was loyal to his wife. She died a year a half ago, and our moving into a more romantic relationship is quite recent.”
“Listen, Sherlock, we don’t have to have a ceremony if you really don’t want to, but honestly I think it would be pretty adorable to see Rosie walk down the aisle as a little flower girl. The thing that really matters to me is that we are going to have a marriage together.”
“Fucking amazing,” Sherlock mutters, drawing a chuckle from John. “I want to do that forever,” Sherlock says.
“Yeah,” John says leaning against him, “What do you say we don’t tell your mum? We just suddenly have another kid around the house, and just never explain to her why or how that happened.”
Sherlock walks into Angelo’s with Rosie on his hip, and Angelo moves forward to take the little girl from him.
“Yeah, how about I get you a clean one?” John says, “No little floor trash for my little girl, no siree!”
She cries about being hungry, and Sherlock sets her up in her highchair to give her a variation on the lunch she didn’t eat after her nap. She throws it all on the floor, but when he tries to lift her out of the highchair, she throws an unholy fit. It’s in the middle of this fit that John walks in. Sherlock takes one look at him, and then goes over to the sink and throws up. It’s been a while since he ate, so it’s mostly drive heaves. John comes over to him and rubs his back while Rosie screams.
“I, ah... should be clear about me not having a great deal of experience with dating. It is entirely possible that you would have far more luck choosing someone who...”
Rosie grins at her and gives her leg another hug. John puts the bags in the tea only a few seconds before the kettle flips to off. He pours a full cup into all but his daughter’s cup, and for her he gives only a fourth a cup.
“No,” John says with his shoulders slumping, “She’s a toddler, and they scream. I shouldn’t have let you do this. I knew it would be too much for you.”
“If you’re opposed, it’s fine. It is certainly the type of thing that both partners would have to be interested in.”
They should move the bed out of Rosie’s room. It’s not like she couldn’t do with the play space, and as it is, the bed is covered with toys more often than it is not. Things between Sherlock and John are still quite new. They went on a date one time, even though they spend far more time just being together at home. They still haven’t spent the night in a bed with each other, without a little girl between them.
Sherlock didn’t leave that often, though. Mostly he just feels like he was in a kind of status waiting for the time when he can pick up Rosie. He takes a quick nap. Maybe he’ll go out on a case after Rosie goes to bed that night, and the sleep he gets now will help him in that goal.
“I didn’t exactly enjoy planning your wedding to someone else, John, and you will not make me go through this without you again.”
“Locky is here!” Rosie says cheerfully, and whatever sadness she might have felt about not being picked up when she was supposed to is gone.
“I don’t want to chase you out of your room, wouldn’t it make just as much sense for Rosie and I to take the basement rooms?”
“You won’t... mind me coming up to your lounge, will you? Because I could leave you alone more often, we could pretend that we were too separate apartments if you wanted.”
“You don’t understand I only gave her the ice cream, because she didn’t want to come with me. She wanted to stay at day care.”
Sherlock nods his head, but his face is still formed in a kind of flinch. John runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, “Is there a reason you find that really hard to believe?”
“Yeah,” John says with a smile. “Not quite sure how you’re thinking about making that happen, but I would go with either a biological child or adoption.”
“We could have been if someone hadn’t been so eager to tell me he wasn’t interested in dating the first night that we met.”
John lets out a long breath. “It’s not that I don’t think that you know what you are getting into, but can we start small? I can switch her day care to just mornings, and you’ll have her all afternoon. If you don’t get sick of her, we can switch it all over.” John looks at him in confusion for a bit longer. “Are you serious about giving up cases?”
“I’ll give her a little meal right over here,” Angelo says, grinning at him. “It’s more romantic that way.”
John chuckles. “I can see how that would not be your thing. We’ll schedule it for my days off, or maybe in the evenings.”
John bites his lip, and looks at Sherlock in confusion. “I don’t understand then. You were so uncomfortable the other night.” Then John’s face falls, “Oh, I see, that had to do with how close you were to me, and nothing else.”
Sherlock nods. “We could look into adopting an older child, wait a long time for baby, or adopt a child who has a disability. I’m partial to the last idea myself.”
“I’m not at all interested in that. I don’t like my relatives enough to create more of them. I’ve done well with my found family. Besides, I think if we were to pick a child who was autistic it would be far more likely to be like me than if I were to have one which was genetically related to me.”
Things are strange between Sherlock and John now. Sherlock wishes that he’d never laid down next to John, giving John the chance to realize how much he didn’t like being that close to Sherlock. Maybe he could have kept John for years, but now he sees John must leave soon. He’ll still get to see Rosie. At least he hopes to, but he’s not sure how often, so he tries to fit in everything he wanted to do with her before it’s too late.
John decides to have a quick wash before dinner and just as he reaches his tent there’s a commotion from the west gate and a patrol flies in.
“Tell John how you feel. He’ll be home for good in two months and then what? You can’t pine after him forever”
He towels off quickly and wraps it around his waist. He forgot to bring his clothes downstairs with him so he just grabs his discarded clothes from earlier and opens the bathroom door.
John’s a bit shocked at this confession from Greg. He didn’t know the other man paid that much attention to him and Sherlock.
There’s a sound on his left and a body tumbles down from the ridge. Knight had them covered from an opening in the building and Smith makes a run for it. John follows soon after but slows down to grab a med pack on the way. He reaches the door but feels a sharp, stinging sensation in his right calf. He manages to make it further into the building before he slides down the wall.
Johns surprises himself that the first words out of his mouth aren’t ‘I’m not actually gay’ but realises that his feelings for Sherlock don’t have boundaries due to gender. Took him long enough.
He must have left on on before the case and someone was trying to Skype him. Sherlock was curious and pressed answer and Johns face appeared.
“Thanks Sherlock, appreciated” Sally says from the corner. She doesn’t look angry at him at all. She’s smiling at him. Sherlock ignore this.
Sherlock didn’t sleep a lot that night. He kept thinking about how it felt to have John’s lips on his own. About how much he wanted that again.
He leads Mrs Hudson back into her flat and sits her down in her settee and makes her a cup of tea. While it finishes brewing, he brings it to her and a box of tissues and the tv remote.
They have a small lunch at Angelo’s because Sherlock declares “I am the birthday boy and that’s what I want.”
“Of course Sherlock having three meals a day is the most important thing. Or otherwise all this chasing around after criminals would break the man.” Sherlock grimaces, but his mother finally lets go to hold him at an arms length. She’d squints at him.
John chuckles at rendering Sherlock almost speechless and when there’s a tug on his hand he follows willingly.
Apparently the Yards function rooms aren’t big enough for this event and they have rented out a ballroom a few streets over.
Sherlock’s reaches for him and John joins their lips. John pushes Sherlock back on the bed and Sherlock flips them over. He kisses Johns’ neck, moving further down towards his penis. Sherlock has gotten a lot better at this, after some careful guidance from John and his own skills of observation. John loves it when Sherlock sucks him off.
“No John not at all. Your inexperience in this doesn’t matter to me. In many ways you are still the better lover, I’ve only had one other romantic partner and maybe two other sexual ones. I’m not quite sure, the drugs you know.”
“Yes John I might not watch the news but it doesn’t mean I don’t follow things that happen in the news or politics, mostly to annoy Mycroft if anything bad happens that has his finger prints all over it, it’s quite funny actually”
“Just came to check up on you Sherlock, we’re all a bit worried how you’ve been handling things. Dropping some food off as well”
“Bit not good John?” Sherlock asks looking towards him with a expression Lestrades never seen before.
The long table is set for lunch and on the other side of the room is double doors that open to the terrace. The paintings and book shelves make the place look lived in but Sherlock tells him not to be fooled, this is the fourth time Mycroft has used this house, other than rehab for him, for social events despite having it for over ten years.
Sherlock’s nervous. He’s never done anything like this. He’s never felt this way before. He knew he loved John, sacrificed his life for him and his own happiness numerous times. But he denied his romantic feelings for John for years, especially when John got married. But after Christmas Sherlock could no longer deny himself. He wanted John, in any way he would be allowed to have him. Even if John didn’t feel the same then Sherlock would still be happy with friendship. The only one he’s every really had. God his heart aches whenever he looks at him, longing to be held and loved by this man. Sherlock has been scared very few times in his life, nearly all of them involve himself and John being separated forever. He knows John would never be cruel to him if he didn’t have the same feelings and that is somewhat of a comfort.
Sherlock is too busy in his mind palace to hear John emerge from his bedroom and go into the kitchen.
“Best be off then, dunno if I’ll be able to catch a cab this late so I better make my way to the tube. Or I’ll have to harass Sally into picking me up”
The telly is suddenly a breaking news story on a bombing of a large city in Syria and the war is worsening everyday.
“Well as alarming as that is Sherlock, I still think we should wait. At least save it for your birthday as something special. We can do other stuff until then and just figure each other out.”
Turning to evaluate Lestrade again he reconsiders. “Actually lunch is today. That’s why you’re eager to get this solved before lunch and why you called me in.”
But the right wall is just a massive chalkboard. The entire wall is filled with Sherlock’s thoughts. Equations, song notes, case deductions, drawings of things John doesn’t even know what they are but they’re certainly amazing. There is sheet music and case files strewn about over every surface and his violin is sitting in his desk. Apparently where he left it, not a speck of dust on it.
There patrol is pretty standard and nothing exciting happens and Johns okay with that, a calm first day is what he needs. When they return to base he promises the twins that he’ll meet them for dinner later but goes to the communication room and tries to call Sherlock.
He heads into the bathroom to get himself presentable and wrap his dressing gown around him before entering the kitchen.
He would have kissed sherlock. Again. After last night, that’s all he’s been able to think about. He still needs time to process but he’s pretty sure he’s sexually attracted to Sherlock. He knew he loved him but always thought it was a friendly and loyal type of love. After last night he’s sure that’s not all.
“Lets go then.” Nearly tripling himself over scrambling to get off the couch. John grabs him and pulls him back down.
But before he can begin to speak, John steps closer to him and says, “Sherlock. I have to tell you something.”
Sherlock is chanting his name again and again each time John thrusts. Sherlock is beginning to tense up and John knows he’s about to come. John thrusts harder and faster, ignoring the burn in his legs. He swipes his thumb across Sherlock’s slit and thrusts particularly deep and Sherlock is coming. He comes in long spurts across his own stomach and on Johns’ hand.
Sherlock follows Lestrade to the body and begins his assessment. He takes his time to figure out cause of death. Strangulation. He’s actually not sure why Lestrade has called him in. This isn’t a murder at all.
They wind their way through the other people hand in hand and they get closer to their destination. Even John can deduce what they’re doing now.
“John,” she asks, “What’s wrong? Did you get hit? Where?” She begins the check him over but he points towards his leg and moves it to show her.
Back to it then. After resetting up his corner of the tent with his stuff he changed and made his way back to the canteen.
“I don’t want anything to get in the way of the work Sherlock. I thought you would want to be able to concentrate.”
When they walk in they both sort of stare. Sherlock, because Mycroft has not changed a single thing and John because it’s beautiful. The room is definitely Sherlock’s.
They are also given a description of what land mines are and what to look for as well as the flag the enemy use as their symbol of rebellion. They are once again loaded back onto the cargo plane and they don’t arrive in Aleppo until mid afternoon.
They exchange pleasantries and Lestrade says he almost didn’t make it in. He spent twenty minutes arguing with his dry cleaner.
Mycroft excuses himself to check on lunch and Mrs Hudson follows to ‘supervise’. Molly and Sherlock are looking at cadavers on her phone and poor Simone looks very grave staring at the screen as they deduct time of death. John grabs a beer and heads over to Lestrade, they can sit through this craziness together, if he asks about Mycroft as well, that’s just two birds.
"Can't say I don't want to help but that's over for me now I've got other things, or rather one thing to keep me occupied", nodding towards Sherlock in the kitchen.
The two of just stand there for a minute until they’re called upon by Sherlock who is on the roof of the building blabbering on about adhesive and masks.
John draws his dick out slowly before pushing back inside. Sherlock moans. John does it again. And again. And again. Building up the speed and strength of his thrusts until Sherlock is writhing underneath him moaning while explicit words come from his mouth. Johns never heard Sherlock swear so much as in the last hour.
John turns when he doesn’t get a reply. He must think Sherlock’s in his mind palace as he walks over, Sherlock’s completely frozen in place as he contemplates the situation.
Sherlock’s mobile vibrates on the table next to him. He reaches to grab it but hesitated to answer and looks over at John, as if asking for permission.
So when Sherlock energetically comes through his office door going off about the tread marks on the carpet from the sole of a women’s heel, he just shuts his eyes and rest his head on the desk trying to will his oncoming headache away.
“And speaking of George, he is actually here because he and John are friends but being here is the closest thing he gets to other human interaction that isn’t his work colleagues or his delivery boy after his divorce”
“Just do something a bit different than normal, something that feels more like a date than just the two of you hanging out. Do it tonight. That way you can gage his feelings for you and if you think he reciprocates then go for it. You can just blame it on New Years Eve if he doesn’t, though I highly doubt that will be the case.”
This is the story I set out to write and if you would like to keep reading the first chapter of the Mystrade fic will be added in a week or so.
“I suggest we lock all the windows and doors and tell Mycroft we’re shagging like rabbits and that should keep everyone away for a while. He’ll put security on the doors so no one can interrupt.”
“Yes he will Mycroft. He’ll meet some nice properly boring woman. A plain Jane and they’ll have a hoard of kids in the country side. John’ll work at the local practice and Jane will be a full time mother and a part time teacher and they’ll grow old together and I’ll never see him again.”
He could faintly hear movement from upstairs. John must be awake and still here. Sherlock was going to ask him last night where he was spending Christmas this year, but the night sort of got away from them.
He’s wearing a Met uniform as well but it appears he’s just a constable. He’s average height, about the same as John and has ginger hair. Not even remotely resembling Sherlock like Tom did. Sherlock likes this Simon. He seems a good influence on Molly, having met him a few months ago when he kept Molly back late in the lab and Simon came to check up on her.
John feels the next blast rather than hears it. His body is thrown across the room, head hitting the wall. He blacks out. He’s lying on his back staring at the ceiling when he comes to seconds later, the smell of something burning fills his nostrils. There’s smoke filling the room and his eyes water. Tear gas. The gunfire has ceased outside but he can hear vehicles moving and some yelling. He tries to get up but the sharp pain in his stomach pulls him back to reality. There’s  something lodged in his stomach and he clutches it to try to stop the bleeding. Fuck.
Nine boring minutes later, the Detective Inspector emerged and headed to the kitchen. He threw a frozen lasagna packet, single serve, into the microwave and grabbed a beer from the fridge, sitting down in his armchair across from Sherlock.
Sherlock is in the exact spot he was when John left over 6 hours ago and looks like he hasn’t eaten or even blinked.
By the time John is hard again Sherlock is writhing I’m pleasure. He decide to take matters into his own hands. Literally. He strokes John’s cock back into full hardness rolling John onto his back and straddling his hips. Sherlock is still wet from Johns’ come and the lube from earlier, it hasn’t been long so it hasn’t dried yet, so he lines Johns’ dick up with his hole and pushes down until John once again is bottomed out.
They follow Mycroft to the dinning room, which is apparently upstairs. It’s bigger than most but tasteful with a piano in one corner and record player in another, which is playing classical music softly. John notices Sherlock’s fingers have begun taping along to the beat on his thighs.
John doesn’t even know how to respond, she’s changed into a completely different person to the professional LC she was a second ago.
“Nothing like that, we just talked about my promotion and that if I do well in my twelve month review they might decide to promote me to Detective superintendent.” John’s impressed.
Oh. Sherlock hasn’t replied. He’s sure he did say something. Unless it was just in his head again. He hasn’t given any indication about how he feels about John’s declaration.
“Don’t be silly John, I was merely making a joke. I am actually just an analysing some more tobacco ash, so not to worry about the house burning down. Or blowing up. This week anyway”
“One can appreciate beauty without finding themselves sexual aroused. Just because I may find him attractive does not mean I want to have sex with him.”
“Sherlock. I did try to call you earlier so you wouldn’t find out this way. I am sincerely sorry that this has happened. Do you and Mrs Hudson need anything? I can come over? I’ll bring Gregory or Molly? What do you need Sherlock?”
“I hope you’re hungry, we have a couple of guests who are joining us for your birthday breakfast. Mrs Hudson is kindly distracting them downstairs while I finished cooking. I was just about to come wake you, you better have a shower and get dressed quick. They’ll be up soon.”
John wasn’t the only one at the table who noticed Mycroft was silent for the rest of the meal and excused himself afterwards.
John just nods and listens to her go on about her military history and how long she’s been deployed for and then suddenly there’s another two people sitting down with them, either side of him.
“I’m glad your hard work is paying off Greg, finally. You’ve been a dedicated Detective for years and they were bound to see that sooner or later. Lestrade shrugs.
“No need for protection John, I get a monthly test, thanks to Mycroft and I know you get tested before and after you deploy and I know your test results. Also thanks to Mycroft.”
Pulling away he examined John’s fully clothed body and looked downwards to his own basically bare body. That wasn’t fair. He wanted to see John as well, touch every inch of the gorgeous body he had only seen glimpses of.  He tugged at John’s jumper.
After dressing in his best clothes, that means his blue jumper Sherlock got him for Christmas one year, he grabs his wallet and wanders back downstairs to sit in his chair and wait for Sherlock.
It’s a normal day at Baker Street with Sherlock conducting experiments in the kitchen and John calmly reading the paper hoping Sherlock doesn't blow anything up. The tv is playing in the background as Mrs. Hudson brings them tea and scones because it's a Saturday morning. John doesn't have work and Sherlock hasn't any cases to work on.
John removed his hand from Sherlock’s arse and undid the last few remaining buttons of his shirt, pushing it off his shoulders. Pushing him against the door he gave Sherlock a long, hard, deep kiss before moving to kiss down his neck. Trailing kisses down his torso, John knelt in front of him and kissed around his navel. Kissing further downwards into the opening of Sherlock’s trousers. He pulled the zip down finally and slipped his fingers between Sherlock’s trousers and pants.
Sorry for the short chapters just trying to get the story set up and hopefully next chapter will be longer as it will be a case fic.
Mrs Hudson has returned from book club, Mycroft, Anthea and Lestrade are there as well as Molly and Simon.
“So you’re the famous Captain John Watson M.D. I’m Staff Sergeant Sarah Smith, a mouthful I know but everyone just calls me S.”
“So, now that he business is out of the way, how’s Myc? He still being annoying and stubborn? I bet he hates you, egging his brother on to be even more daring.”
Sherlock sleeps until early afternoon when he gets a call from Lestrade. Finally a good murder to keep him busy.
He just needed something of John. Seeing him again today made Sherlock realise how long the next three hundred and sixty three days would be until John returned to him.
“Yes right, Listen Sherlock, after this bombing that’s happen they’re in dire need of reinforcements and they’ve asked.....”
John cleans Sherlock up and prods his fingers at Sherlock’s hole to check for damage. When Sherlock moans, John suggests he ‘check’ his prostrate for damage. A whimper from Sherlock confirms that’s exactly what he wants. It doesn’t take long for Sherlock to become fully hard again with Johns’ fingers slowly sliding in and out of his wet hole.
He holds up the antique violin bow and inspects it. It’s in very good condition. He wonders where John got it from.
Sherlock licked at John’s cock before taking it into his mouth. He had done this before, once or twice but he was high so it didn’t count.
Sherlock’s genuinely intrigued now as to what John wants to talk about. Part of him hopes that John want’s to talk about the progression of their relationship, but he shakes that thought away. John’s not gay, as he reminds Sherlock constantly, and no matter what Sherlock may have thought John could have felt for him, he knows that after everything with Mary, John would never be able to look at him like that, or anyone probably ever.
Sherlock parents were spending Christmas in their Tuscan holiday house and allowed Sherlock the year off attending Christmas with them. Twice in a row was a record. And Mycroft, well, Sherlock didn’t really know. He didn’t particular want to spend a third Christmas with his brother despite the, understanding, between them lately.
Sherlock realises that John has not moved to help Mrs Hudson carry the box because he is still in his lap. Sherlock darts up and to the other end of the couch and John stand, moving to help Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock emerges from the bathroom and announces he is ready and John must hurry as there’s a murderer to catch.
Sherlock goes back to Baker Street and looks over the case. It’s pretty easy and he’ll have it solved by the morning. He only ends up spending 18 hours on it and messaged Mycroft. He gets told that he has no news about John and Mycroft thanks him for working the case.
Sherlock emerged from the bedroom while John was pouring the tea. He looked very disheveled and John grinned.
“Due to his role in the government. He attends all of these dull affairs. I’m surprised you’ve never seen him. He’s always at Met events. He will more than likely introduce you to the Chief Superintendent, they’re good friends.”
John doesn’t have time to think about Mycroft and his role in British and international affairs, he needs to tell Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t complain when John steers him toward’s a town car waiting for them on the road. He doesn’t comment on Mycroft’s obvious involvement. And he doesn’t let go of John’s hand until he has to open the car door.
Sherlock is appalled. “Me?”. He asked incredulously. “Why do you always assume I’ve done something wrong?”
John turns his head and kisses Sherlock. Resting his forehead against Sherlock he whispers against his lips. “God that was amazing. I love you so much Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock kisses him and replies, “I love you John Watson.” With the energy they have left they grin ecstatically at each other.
They speak for a little longer but John has to go again and he tells Sherlock he’ll see him soon. Sherlock knows he’s just trying to reassure him.
Also actually thinking about doing a Mystrade companion piece to this since I’m now invested into their relationship somehow.
The whole place looks very familiar to the set up in Afghanistan and John feels very relaxed despite the circumstances. John has some time before he’s due to meet the Colonel so he makes his way to the kitchen window to grab some breakfast and thanks the man serving him.
(I am going away somewhere without reception for 10-12 days so no update until I get back will keep writing while away if possible)
When they all eventually leave, Sherlock decides he’s had quite an enjoyable afternoon but is relived he can spend the rest of the day with John before he leaves in the morning. Sherlock remember what John promised him also a week ago and Sherlock intends to collect. But later on.
Sherlock’s about to make himself some tea when his laptop rings. It must be John. He’ll be calling to let Sherlock know if he’ll be home for Christmas.
“That’s great, I did get them something but didn’t know the address for Tuscany so they’ll receive it when they get back.”
Sherlock has been miserable since John’s been gone. Except when John calls or sends letters. Sherlock keeps them and re-reads when he misses John. Which is a lot now apparently. What makes Sherlock even more miserable is the fact that John seems happier and more confident every time he calls.
“Sherlock.” John calls softly, Sherlock must have been deeper in thought than he realised because John was shaking his arm a bit. “Sherlock, where did you go?”
John makes himself and Sherlock a cup of tea each and scrounges up some toast for a sort of late breakfast early lunch as it’s only about ten o’clock, having spent the better part of 14 hours on the case.
He just looked at Sherlock when he walked in, not even blinking, like it was a regular occurrence. It was.
One officer looks behind Mrs Hudson and sees Sherlock. Mrs Hudson followes his gaze and when she sees Sherlock she sobs again. This time the officer acknowledges Sherlock.
The fire was lit and there was some presents around the small tree Mrs Hudson had put up. Sherlock had almost forgot it was Christmas morning.
“Okay love, you’re going to need to relax. I’m going to go slowly but if you feel any pain or discomfort tell me and I’ll stop.”
“Thank you Lestrade. I do hope you will make an effort and get off that couch this evening, it’s been two hundred and four days since you last had intercourse and it will release some tension. Tonight will be like shooting fish in a barrel due to the festivities. Excuse the horrible metaphor. Evening Greg.”
The kitchen is just a small shed with a service window to collect food from and in front of that is an area with long benches to sit at to eat, only covered by a shade sail.
“No. Mycroft knows you got the job. A phone call would have sufficed. Lunch is because he wants to congratulate you in person. Also I saw the Chief Inspector at the Met ball at Christmas and it’s clear it was between you and some other idiot. Clearly you are the superior candidate due to your case solve rate. You’re welcome by the way.”
Eventually it becomes time to leave and they get in the car. John doesn’t say anything when Sherlock rests his head on his shoulder for the duration of the journey, apparently asleep and Sherlock doesn’t remove John’s hand from his leg. Greg grins at him from the front mirror and John uses the other hand to flip him off.
“There, now I won’t lose it.” John smiles at him, “Now, who’s next? I got something for Mrs Hudson and everyone but I did forget your brother, I assume you got him something?”
John just sighs and picks up the phone. After a short conversation with Lestrade he tells him they’ll be there in thirty minutes.
“We won’t arrive in Hamra until late tonight or early tomorrow morning depending on how smooth the ride is.”
The ride is quick and silent and although Sherlock does see John looking at him in the reflection of the glass he doesn’t say anything. Sherlock realises that neither of them gave the driver an address when they got into the car and he pulls up next to a large building with people talking and smoking out the front.
Nothing much had changed during the week and it was like John hadn’t even left. He joined Sherlock on a case and caught up with Greg at the pub once.
Mrs Hudson’s loud wail alerts Sherlock something is not right. He goes downstairs and only makes it to the landing when he sees them at the door.
“Yes.” Sherlock slowly makes his way down the stairs towards the door as fast as his legs will allow. When he gets there Mrs Hudson attaches herself to his side.
Molly spots them before they spot Molly. She pushes her way through the crowd towards them, pulling her boyfriend behind her. She gives John a massive hug hello.
“Yes that is correct John, given the situation at the moment, the British government had suspended all international flights in and out of Syria. The only exception is military planes of course, and you’ll be having a stop off at Istanbul in Turkey to refuel”
“Fuck off Sherlock. I saw you check him out as well. He’s not into blokes though, so you’d better stick with John.”
They order in some Thai and put on a documentary and cuddle up on the couch. For now, It’s all Sherlock wants. Just him and John watching crap telly.
The inside of the house if far less extravagant and more so at the same time. It’s sparse but tasteful and incredibly functional, definitely suiting Mycroft to a tee.
They arrive at the crime scene and Sherlock pushes past Donovan standing by the door to get into the room, looking pretty much like a child on Christmas morning as he looks towards the scene before him.
He need to make sure Sherlock will be okay and looked after while he’s gone. He still doesn’t know how Sherlock will react, probably not even care that Johns leaving, won’t even notice he’s gone most of the time.
“So, Captain Watson I’ve read your file from your previous tour and I am impressed but I have to say that I was not impressed with your impulsiveness. You need to know that I do not tolerate insubordination in any way in my squad and if you do you will be reprimanded, I don’t care which government official’s brother you’re sleeping with.”
Right now though, he is startled by John’s hand in his hair. He looks up directly into John’s eyes and he smiles.
But now John had left him again, maybe for the last time and Sherlock really regretted not say goodbye to him this time.
John works his hand up and down Sherlock’s shaft a few times placing kisses to the base. He begins sucking on Sherlock and when he has his head thrown back in pleasure John lubes up one finger. He trails it lightly along Sherlock’s pernium towards his entrance. He lightly rubs Sherlock’s puckered hole and can hear Sherlock gasp above him.
Sherlock had successfully distracted himself for an hour before he gave in and practically ran up the stairs to John’s room.
Sherlock was mouthing around John’s hardening penis and John hummed sleepily. John might still be half asleep but his penis certainly wasn’t.
“Boys, you came! We weren’t sure you would but I’m so happy you’re here. You can get to know Simon a lot better John.”
“Sherlock love, turn that kettle off will you?” He calls as he balances the old cups and plates on his arm still insisting Mrs Hudson shouldn’t help.
He holds the door open for Sherlock. Sherlock’s still confused as to why he and his brother where talking so openly. That hasn’t happened since they were teenagers.
After several minutes he gave in, grabbing the dog tags and putting the chain around his neck, tucking them into his shirt.
“John.” No answer. “John turn this crap off immediately. You know how their incompetence infuriates me. They’re nearly as bad as Anderson.” Sherlock whines.
Lying on his bed he stares at the ceiling. To were John must lay in his own bed above. He brings his fingertips to his lips and he doesn’t quite believe what has happened.
“Because the only time you come to me, other than cases, is when you’ve fucked up with John and don’t know how to fix it.”’
He does really need to tell Sherlock. But then his phone rings again, and this time it’s the army Doctor calling.
Sherlock mouths around the base of Johns penis, he licks a wet stripe along the side before engulfing John in his mouth. Working his tongue along the underside he wraps his fingers around the base, stroking the parts he can’t reach. God John is so hard.
Somehow John persuaded Greg to go up to talk to Mycroft when Anthea leaves to answer a phone call. Obviously seeing her eldest son talk to someone who he does not employ has sparked an interest in Mrs Holmes and she makes her way over and starts to bombard Greg with questions. The smile on her face seems to convey her delight in the answers. Poor Greg has slightly pink cheeks after a certain question. Mycroft says something distasteful to his mother who swats his arm and returns to Mrs Hudson.
Rocking up onto his toes, John grips the nape of Sherlock’s neck and tugs him down. Their lips crash together, the kiss messy, teeth clicking. John sucks in a breath, catches Sherlock’s exhale in his mouth, and sets it free on a low groan. Sherlock’s hands grip his face, fingers stroking John’s jaw, bending down to deepen the kiss. It’s all they can both do to hold on, to cling to one another, to gasp for air and taste one another’s eager tongues.
A smile blossoms across my face, and I don't hold it back, feeling the content flood through me at his words, at the memories. But even as the wave rises, it’s now my turn to pull away from him, hopefully for that last time.
“It was just a nightmare, love. We wouldn’t ever do that to you. We will always, always try to listen to what you have to say. We won’t leave you, sweetheart.” He punctuates each sentence with a kiss to the top of her head. Sherlock catches on and draws up to hold both her and John. Rosie cocooned between them, they surround her with love and comfort.
Standing outside, John stares at the closed door. The click of her kitten heels announces Mrs. Hudson’s presence before she appears at the end of the hall. “Oh, John,” she tuts, taking in his furrowed brow and the mess of wet sand on his socks. “You were supposed to attach it to the end of a broom, like the feather duster. Control it from a distance.” Shaking her head, she turns away, leaving John more confused than he was before. How was he supposed to know that?
A cough over his left shoulder broke him out of the moment, and he let his hand drop away, his fingertips singing at the loss.
The span between us teeters on an edge, waiting to be broken or renewed. Keeping my face void of emotion, and making sure my voice stays strong, I ask my next question, soft and quiet. “What changed?”
“I blamed you, Sherlock. I beat you. Kicked you while you were down. Literally. And you thought you deserved it.” John's voice cracks as he repeats the last phrase. "You thought you deserved all of it." He inches around to face me and searches my eyes, the tears clinging to the rim of his lower eyelids, threatening to pour in rivers down his cheeks.
The last, and only time, I have ever felt like I do now was when I watched him step over the ledge of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock must already be awake then. A glance at the clock confirms my hopes. It's only seven, and Mrs. Hudson won’t expect me before eight. I can take the time to wake up properly. A smirk twitches at the corner of my mouth.
With a half chuckle, I say, "Yeah. And I am going to keep going. I don't want to hurt you. Ever again. So... I'll keep working through it. I've already learned a lot. Double sessions at the beginning. We’re now at just the once a week."
“Nothing.” John rolls onto his left shoulder with care to look at me, propping his head on his hand. One side of his mouth turns up in a teasing smile. “I knew you were a blanket hog.”
Sunlight streams through the broad windows, easing me from my sleep. I squeeze my eyes shut against the bright light before feeling the crick in my neck from sleeping in the chair. Rubbing the sore spot, I unfurl myself, coming aware to all my aching muscles. With a yawn and a stretch, I open my eyes and see a cup of tea already sitting on the table for me. The steam warms my face as I take a sip.
As John works, he asks, hoping to find out more without scaring Sherlock into silence, “You said Serbia. Was that where this happened?”
As he collapses onto Sherlock’s body, Sherlock all but melted into the mattress, John nuzzles his face into Sherlock’s sweaty neck, murmuring, “God, I can’t believe it took us this long to figure our feelings out.”
I hear his teeth click together as I continue on. “You… I… You made me watch, Sherlock.” My voice breaks, the tears once again threatening to fall. “You made me watch, and there was nothing I could do. I lost… everything that day. What was life worth without you in it?”
“You’re crying, Sherlock.” John lets go and tries to move away again, but Sherlock won’t let him go. “I don’t…I didn’t... I can't...Sherlock, please…”
Giving John a mild look of confusion, I respond to Nancy. “Well, yes. I certainly have endeavored too. But, John is the one who began all the business with the nightmares.”
“Yes. Thank you.” John leaves with a tired shuffle and starts his tea ritual. Solid, dependable John. I grab my dressing gown and follow him into the kitchen, my body aching from the memories and the tension binding my muscles, my scars.
Offended, Sherlock shoots him a glare over his shoulder. “Why would I do that? Who cares if there’s dirt on the stairs?”
Tears well up in Sherlock’s eyes. It’s been a while since that had happened, but all this love and acceptance and belonging gazing back at him is too much. He looks into John’s eyes, searching, making sure this was really happening and not another of his dream-world fantasies. The mixture of hope with a touch of anxiousness, of rejection, is not a look Sherlock could replicate in his mind palace, never having seen it quite like this before.
in your life, I swear you will always have Rosie. Whatever you want. I couldn’t do that to her anymore than I could do it to you.”
“Yeah, of a suspected respiratory illness,” John seethes, crossing his arms over his chest. “I thought you were a genius.”
Still puzzled, Sherlock tilts his head and looks at the duster tapping him lightly on the shoulder. “Why is your hand so dusty?”
“So do I,” I reply, matching his tone, neither of us comfortable with the conversation but knowing it needs said. “The Pool, Baskerville, Bonfire Night. To name a few.”
, John,” Sherlock wails, trying to right himself. The sight of him, his long, gangly limbs flailing, sends John over the edge. Giggling, he can’t resist indulging in a little extra teasing.
For how chaste the kiss had stayed, it left me breathing heavy, too. “Yeah. Yeah, I know. Scratching the back of his head with blunt nails, I ask, “Alright?”
“I’m sure you are. I also wanted to thank you for all the help and support you’ve given him. John’s made great strides over his time here with all the work he has put into this. He tells me you’ve particularly given him a lot of help with his nightmares.” A squeeze to my hand punctuates her words with his agreement.
John hadn’t ever been to a party quite like a Holmes’ party. Gorgeous outfits, petit fours offered on trays, flutes of champagne, people talking business and children and small talk. The atmosphere was light and happy.
“It is my parents’ house, my parents’ party, my parents’ tradition, is it not?” Sherlock spat back without losing the plastered-on smile. John shifted beside him, stepping closer and into the space in front of him.
As I leave the kitchen, he says, “Let me know when you are ready. Please." The please has the same nervousness, the same plea, as the first time we talked about the nightmares. Sherlock's eyes bore into the back of my head as I stand halted in the doorway. In a quiet voice, almost a whisper, he adds, “I don’t know how to make them stop.” Even as my legs turn to jelly and an aching weight presses into my chest, I nod once and walk upstairs to get ready for the day.
“I needed you to act realistically. To be in grief.” I scoff at him, shaking my head against the back of the chair, a sardonic smile creasing my face. “And,” Sherlock continues, “and I didn’t think you would be as affected as you were. You never showed indications otherwise.”
When they arrive at Baker Street, John helps Sherlock out of the cab and up the familiar stairs. He feels the tension in Sherlock’s body release as they enter into the flat, knowing he must have missed it desperately while he was away. It makes John’s heart clench at the thought, even as the anger and hurt still fester.
After a quick cab ride where Sherlock furiously researches who knows what on his phone, they arrive at their destination and head to Lestrade’s office, Sherlock moving with the grace and force of a billowing storm cloud. Sherlock rips open the office door, and John trails in behind him. Fortunately, or unfortunately for the man in question, Anderson is in attendance. John realizes Sherlock must have texted the DI for his impromptu meeting to be so well met.
The world came crashing around them when a throat was cleared. The cabbie met John’s gaze in the mirror and gave a small nod. With a smile he couldn’t hide if he tried, John paid the driver and laced his fingers with Sherlock’s as they exited the cab.
Clearing his throat and glancing away, he asks, “Do you have a preference for side?” Pointing, I indicate the side away from the door, knowing that he does better being able to see the entrance without an obstructed view. It doesn't help that I tend to sleep in the middle of the bed, removing the whole idea of a side, but I'm sure I'll manage.
With a mild nod, I hum, “Mmm. Yes. I do think I’ll try.” Stepping away, John gives me the space to stand. I grab my robe and wrap it around myself as I do. Turning back to look at John, I hold his gaze with my own, both of us recognizing that something has settled between us. With a slight smile and a nod of gratitude, I make my way back to bed knowing I would not be bothered with dreams of Serbia again, at least for tonight. As we pass each other, John pats my shoulder before trailing his fingers down to my elbow as we part. He must know what these touches do to me. Too relaxed to prevent myself, I lean into the heat left behind by his absence.
Oh. Must have been making noises and woke him. I hope I didn’t wake Rosie, too. My breathing quickens again, my heart pounding. I swear it must be visible enough for John to see it beating through my chest and into my lap, fully on display. A wrinkle forms between John's brows. That’s been happening a lot lately.
Unable to hold back a grin, John bites his lower lip in mock thought but mostly to hide how much he loves when Sherlock looks at him like that, like they are in on a secret together. With a playful half-shrug, John says, “Why don’t I wait to find out about it? It’s not like I know what case you’re on about anyway.”
don’t have the stomach to hear anything more,” Greg mutters to himself, hitting a number on speed dial. The line rings out, and he clears his throat before saying, “Well, Mycroft, it’s not drugs.”
“I don’t think I will be sleeping tonight if you would like me to play again. You have fewer nightmares when I do,” he offers in an offhand way. Still recovering from the sudden conversation, it takes a moment for the words to sink in. When they do, a shiver runs down my spine.
Sherlock’s head darted up from the microscope. A wide-eyed look withered into a scowl. Suppressing a chuckle, John picked up his coffee and hid his smile behind a sip. He’d hit it spot on. Sherlock’s got an ex, and he wanted to make him (
After a few minutes, Rosie squirms, ready to get up and play again. Not quite ready to let go, John clings onto them both a little more tightly before untangling them all. John half rolls, half falls off the couch, giving Rosie the space to clamber out of the nest. She bounds off the couch and runs to play with her toys strewn around the sitting room.
John had seen this look before. After the row with the chip-and-pin machine, as he attempted a deduction, when he was rigged to a bomb. It was a look of fear laced with adoration, soft around the eyes yet holding something back. John’s breath caught in his throat, his words dying on his tongue.
It made John want to crawl out of his skin. If he was having such trouble, John wondered how Sherlock was handling it. This kind of thing was not his forte, and they hadn’t even run into the dreaded ex yet. At least, not that John could tell. He still didn’t know who he was supposed to be… protecting? Sherlock from.
Sherlock's voice, low and sure, fills the room without being much louder than a whisper. “I know. I did too.” Our eyes find each other, and a drowsy smile forms on my face. A soft one is given in return.
Pointing at the letter, I ask, “This is why you have The Rehab dream, isn’t it?” Sherlock's gaze drops to the table, and I see a single drop fall from his eye. I must be right. “It’s two of your most real fears being handed to you together.”
Sherlock looks away, scowling at the cold, empty fireplace. “Preposterous,” he mutters. John forces a weak smile.
The threat is clear, and John shakes his head. “Alright, alright, you drama queen. Come here, let me help you.” Gripping Sherlock’s sleeves, John tows him over the floor, bare feet gripping the slick surface with ease. Sherlock huffs and snarls at him until John tilts his head forward and whispers, “You’ll be fine.” His voice drops into a low, throaty purr that makes Sherlock shiver as John says, “We both know I’ll be doing all the work anyway. As if you’d ever need to lift a finger.” Sherlock shivers again, his pupils blown wide, eyes turning glazed and hazy. He looks about a second from drooling before John adds, “You know—since you’re such a
Staring at the swirling liquid in his hand, Sherlock starts explaining in a low, quiet voice, matching mine, honoring the tentative balance. “I talked to you every day while I was away. In my mind palace." His tone becomes somber as he continues. “So many times and in so many ways, you kept me alive." Turning his gaze back to me, Sherlock's face is open, all his trust and care pouring through. "I wouldn’t have made it back if it wasn’t for you.”
“Yes. There is more to that dream that I haven’t told you.” I sit, quiet and patient, waiting, hoping, begging for him to continue, to meet me halfway. “At some point in the dream, be it how it starts or somewhere in the middle, I knock at a door, and Mary answers. She says, ‘Anyone but you, Sherlock’, hands me the note, and tells me to read it. She waits for me to read the whole thing as if for the first time, every time, each word cutting as deeply as it did initially. Then, she calls someone to drag me away to the center, yelling after me ‘Go to hell, Sherlock. Go right into hell.’”
When Sherlock wakes, he blinks his eyes open, finds John watching him, and flushes bright red. John watches him back, his expression cautious. Sherlock shifts and hesitantly pulls the pillow closer, cheek rubbing into the soft fabric of John’s jumper.
With a brush of Sherlock’s curls away from his face, John tried waking him again. This time, electric eyes met his.
“I went away, and you weren’t there.” The reply comes without pause, already on his tongue as if he had known it was coming. He takes a sip of his bourbon, and I follow his lead.
Downstairs, she opens the door and steps back, waving him inside. “In you go, young man,” she orders, and John shoots her another look as he complies.
Sherlock lasts two days in the downstairs flat by himself before Mrs. Hudson corners John with her concerns.
Shaking his head, John moves to shove them in the trash and pauses, brow furrowed. He looks down at a half-open bag of petals and wilted roses. He blinks, wets his dry lips, and carefully sets his flowers on top before closing the lid.
“Alright. Good. That’s settled.” With a sharp pat to my knees to end the conversation, I collect the mugs to take them back to the kitchen.
“Oh,” is all he says at first. A deep wrinkle furrows his brow. "Then... why did you go back? Why did you go after her? Why did you blame me?"
are the one who needs to talk,” I urge with more conviction than I feel. Sherlock talking about his feelings, that'll be the day.
“Oh, for…” John rubs a hand over his face, shaking his head with a pained smile before looking back at Sherlock’s shocked expression. “I dated women, and I’m attracted to you… you can’t put two and two together?”
Upstairs, there is a line of tape separating half of the sitting room from the other, with a path marked between the sitting room to the kitchen, to the bathroom, to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Here, let me stroke your cheek,” John says, grinning wide as his next toss hits Sherlock in the face with a wet-sounding
The rigid tension fills back into Sherlock’s shoulders before he says, “The pool, John. It was only you at the pool. That’s when it ceased being a game.”
Raising his eyes to look once again at Sherlock, the man that should be six feet under right at this very moment, John finds a hint of sadness in the edges of his eyes.
Each spoonful of food is more forcefully plopped on the plate than the last, and I can feel Sherlock’s hot, piercing gaze scorching the back of my neck.
Shaking his head, John placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back as he leaned up to whisper in his ear about moving away from the most boring conversation of the night. He was about to suggest the delightful looking somethings on the table across the room when Sherlock’s face caught his eye.
It’s the saddest thing John thinks he has ever seen. He looks over her head to Sherlock to find him wide-eyed and lost for how to help. Gazing down at Rosie, John pulls her into his arms and cradles her head against his shoulder.
With careful fingers and gentle hands, John helps slips off the jacket and shirt, stage by stage to prevent any additional harm to Sherlock. When he finally has the clothing removed, he walks around to Sherlock’s back and takes in the sight.
“Oh, John,” she exclaims, handing the socks over with a warm pat on his shoulder. “You two made up, then?”
He nods, rocking our heads in unison before rolling down the side to kiss my temple, my cheek, and drawing away.
Glaring at him through slitted eyes, I give a huff of discontent and pull my duvet higher in efforts to block him out. “This is why I don’t share my sleeping space.” My gruff voice is muffled by the blanket.
Turning his gaze towards me, he concedes. A small “perhaps" being his only acquiescence. A muffled wail descends the stairs.
“I don’t know how to do this,” I say, returning that trust he so blatantly puts before me. He takes a half step back, that damn wrinkle beginning to make an appearance.
John picks up where Sherlock stops. “Nightmares are just a fear about what has happened or will happen. They aren't what is happening right at the moment. When we listen to them and find the source of the fear, we can address it. They can help us know more about ourselves. But to do that, you have to talk about it. That was something your papa and I had to figure out.”
“John.” His voice resonates through the kitchen, through me. My movements freeze. After a moment, my shoulders collapse forward, and I duck my head.
“Quite right, as always.” Victor’s tease came with an eye roll and a smile as he sipped his drink. “And who is it that you brought this year?” With a mild-mannered sneer, he glanced down at John before addressing Sherlock again. “I was hoping for the silver fox again, but I hear there was some brotherly competition on that front.”
When he looks up to speak, Sherlock disappears back into his bedroom, the door clicking shut behind him. Brow furrowed, John tucks the offering under his chin and inhales the scent of Sherlock’s detergent and subtle traces of cologne. It’s reassuring to know his sense of smell hasn’t changed. Maybe he won’t be sick, after all. That is one thing to look forward to, even if Sherlock is still being
“I know you're sorry, John.” I move closer and cautiously wrap my arms around him, cradling him to my chest. I rest my cheek on the top of his head, like the first time, and whisper, “I know.”
that bloody idiot these weren’t human.” As Sherlock shoves away from the lab bench, the stool makes a terrible screeching sound, making John wince in sympathy for the floor.
“The doctors decided to inform my brother about my condition after I had gone those several weeks without talking and little to no food. He came to visit me then, finally seeing me for what I had become. The thinning hair, translucent skin stretched taught over my too-thin frame, and—as he told me later was the scariest thing for him—my dull, disengaged eyes.”
"When you… you left, I decided that was it for me. And then Mary came along and changed that. So when you came back, I…" Looking into his eyes, I beg for strength to explain. For words to make him understand. It doesn't come, but I keep going. He deserves this. Sherlock deserves this.
John spends the night and half of the next day in his room. When he finally emerges, it is to trot directly downstairs to the bins. He stands over them and looks at the flowers in his hands, the sentiment-filled card attached to the stems.
The days pass in fraught silence. When Sherlock was in quarantine, John would still sit in the same room as him, taking off the edge of isolation. During John’s, Sherlock is not quite so accommodating. In fact, John would say he is downright rude, if not avoidant. There are no more late-night tea times with violin solos. No attempts at contact with feather dusters or sticky hands.
By the time Rosie is down again for the evening, I have completely forgotten about the conversation with Sherlock, yet again. Children seem to do that. He has remained on the couch throughout the whole evening, not moving, not responding. Settling into my chair to read for a short while, I know I should head to bed soon, especially since the crick in my neck hasn't let up. But the story absorbs me, and I startle when Sherlock speaks again.
Without having to look, Sherlock could feel John bristle beside him and decided to take control of the situation. A rarity around Victor but nonetheless welcome. He placed a hand on John’s elbow and drew him back.
Bandages criss-cross over his back, covering lines of stitches and healing wounds. Tape is supporting some of Sherlock’s ribs. Any spot not covered has the sickly colors of bruises following along the edges.
As they stood in front of the black door with gold lettering, John looked up at the man beside him and found his gaze met with a soft grin.
My voice, gone hoarse, croaks out a meager, “Hey there, love,” and I try to offer a half-turned smile of my own, not quite sure it’s meant to fit yet. Sherlock shuffles us into a more comfortable position, me leaning against the wall and him sliding down to rest his head in the crook of my neck.
John glares at him, pointing a stern finger in his face. “Oi! I know you like the silver swoop, you giraffe-limbed buttplug!”
With a nod, I busy myself by grabbing a wet flannel to wipe Little Watson’s face and hands. John frees her from the seat and holds her on his hip, smiling as he watches me. As I clean off the mushed peas, John holding her squirming form, he reaches up and places a quick peck to my cheek with a soft “Thank you.”
. I see you... lying there... on the pavement, and there is nothing I can do.” My voice catches, my throat tightening against the words. “There was nothing I could do,” I whisper, broken, as I crumpled in on myself, hand covering my eyes.
Sighing his relief, John closes his eyes briefly before opening them and nodding. “Good. Thank you.”
“I won’t be. Rosie’s there,” I breathe, the space between us calling for the quiet, my feet taking root into the floor, unable to flee even if I wanted to.
The ritual of making tea calms me. Kettle, two mugs, two bags, milk for me, sugar for him, steep the bags, stir the tea. It allows me the time to figure out what the hell I'm going to say.
“Yeah, okay…” Sliding into his cruiser, he grips his nose, takes a deep breath, and says, “He’s getting his arse licked, apparently.” A heavy silence meets his words. “By John,” Greg adds, in case he wasn’t clear. More silence, and he frowns. “Mycroft? Did the call drop?”
Sherlock uncrosses his legs and stands in one fluid movement to retrieve his case. After putting rosin on his bow, a melody begins to ring through the flat. It calms the storm brewing beneath my ribs and behind my eyes. I finish drying the glasses and end up back in my chair, in the same position I was before, filled with an altogether different emotion now. Sherlock faces the window, swaying as he plays.
The smile drops from my face, and my eyes slide closed. Yet another conversation I'm not ready to have tonight. But this time, this time I can't
“But, I—” John begins, protesting weakly, only for Sherlock to speak over him. He unleashes a series of mean, biting deductions that leave John bristling. Unable to storm off, John sulks in his zone, his expression dark.
Not reacting to my frustration other than to become even more smug in the soft light, John teases, “I can still leave.” My eyes grow wide with disbelief. “That’s what I thought,” and he rolls onto his back, one hand under his head, the other resting on his stomach, eyes closed.
I swing the door open before me. My room is awash in the warm, fluorescent light of the lamp on the nightstand, catching the gold and silver hues of John’s hair resting atop the pillow. He looks up at me through his eyelashes. I stare down at him, and he smiles.
I nuzzle deeper into him, inhaling the smell of his laundry detergent and sweat. It calms me and bolsters me in equal amounts. I whisper, “Alright.”
Overwhelmed by his feelings, by his sudden and screaming desire to cross the room and kiss the man staring at him, John hurls one of the sticky hands with a desperate throw. It hits Sherlock on the lips with a
John walks in after a day at the clinic and sees them curled into each other. They both look up when he closes the door, and he gives them a tired, warm smile. Toeing off his toes, John hangs his coat in-between the long Belfast and the tiny, puffy blue one. He comes over and places a kiss on the top of each of their heads.
Three hours later, the calm drives him to boredom, and he bends Sherlock over the desk in the sitting room, each snap of his hips coaxing wanton whimpers and ecstatic gasps from Sherlock’s open mouth.
“Let me at least see how bad it is. Maybe I can help,” John says, already moving to grab the first-aid kit in the hall cupboard.
“You knew. That’s why you played the first time we talked about the nightmares. You knew it would be hard for me having brought up Afghanistan.”
As Sherlock heads to the shower for a proper first-date pampering, the slimy sense-memory of the sticky hand John threw at him lingers on his lips. Fingertips fluttering in front of his mouth, Sherlock aches for the touch of John’s hungry kiss to replace it.
Finally, the world unpauses, and John is able to take in a deep breath. He drops his head and closes his eyes, controlling the sobs threatening to rack through his body.
Still facing the sink, I feign ignorance hoping he hadn’t seen me or tried talking to me earlier, even though I know the chances are slim. “What was what about?” The casual tone I attempt betrays me and comes out flat and disinterested instead.
John rests his arm across both Rosie and Sherlock, his hand falling on Sherlock’s side. Rubbing gentle circles into Sherlock's back with his thumb, John takes a moment to appreciate the family they have made together. It was a long road getting here, and the thought brings a smile to his face.
After a moment to consider my response, I ask, “Do you remember when I told you that I had asked you for one more miracle?” He nods once and continues playing, knowing that the music will keep us both calm. “Well, I got it. Twice. And I wouldn’t take it back or exchange it for anything. Ever." Sherlock's gaze finds mine, swirling with hope and fear. The sight swells my heart, and the corner of my mouth turns up as I walk closer to him, still out of reach, knowing that right now touch would reveal more than I want. "So yes, I do think I already have. A long time ago. But that doesn’t mean it still doesn’t hurt sometimes.” He scans my face before inhaling sharply through his nose.
His eyes wide and wondering, John cups Sherlock’s face in his palm, thumb smoothing over the ridge of a sharp cheekbone with something bordering on reverence. “I’ve wanted to do that for ages,” he admits, pressure lifting off his chest as the words drift between them, carried on their shared breath.
!” Sherlock’s fury is written all over his face and stance, an accusatory finger stabbing at Anderson as his piercing gaze is locked on Lestrade.
“It was a glove, filled with sand and water, which you threw at me!” His voice lowers as he prods at the glove shrapnel. “It’s not
John waves a hand, unconcerned. “I’m sure he’s fine.” When Mrs. Hudson continues to stare at him, he looks up from his newspaper with a bemused expression. “What?”
John knows better than to question the insult, but he does wonder how it is possible to mistype such different fingerprint types. His brow furrows. Speaking of different animals, why the hell was there a koala at a crime scene?
Without thinking, my feet lead me to the kitchen. Kettle, two mugs, two bags, milk for me, sugar for him, steep the bags, stir the tea. I smile down at my own hands holding the mugs, happy for it to be two again. It took me so long to unlearn that habit, and it came again so easily when I moved back to Baker Street. It was almost like my body knew what my mind did not. I belong here. With him.
“No, I never did tell him, and there is no way I will. You can’t either." I nod my understanding. "Mycroft had been watching me, one of the few times I am thankful he was. He saw the state I was in at the crime scene and called the detective inspector. Mycroft gave him my address and sent him to check on me. Lestrade found me gagging on my own vomit, covered in sweat, and my heart racing. He called for an ambulance, and made sure I stayed alive until they arrived." Sherlock focuses on his hands, once again fidgeting with the mug in his lap. "I assume he blames himself for sending me away instead of arresting me that night. Or at least for not making sure I was alright on my own. Once the ambulance arrived, he called Mycroft and informed him of what had occurred."
John whispers, “You know, this is your fault for teaching her to be so observant in the first place.” Rolling his eyes, John gazes down to Rosie and explains, “Rosie, your family is who you make it to be. Mrs. Hudson is a part of our family even though she isn’t related to us. Same with Uncle Greg and Auntie Molly. We have created our own family. So no, last names are not the only way to tell a family. Does that make sense?”
I turn to face away from him. I want to help, god, how I want to help, but I can’t without showing too much. He’d know. And I can’t let that happen. Then
Finally, I follow, still trying to catch my breath, shuffling after him, thankful I hadn’t woken Rosie. By the time I get to the kitchen, Sherlock has a glass of water ready for me. While I drink it down, he says, “I heard you from down here. I hadn’t gone to bed yet, but Rosie must have been in a deep sleep for her to not wake up.” He pauses, taking in my stance, my breath, my face. “You were calling for Mary.”
Sherlock's eyes flash bright and cold before softening around the edges. "I can’t stand being indebted to them, but I am grateful they did.”
Hands clenching into tight fists, John snaps, “Yeah, and we’ll be, too, if you don’t stop sticking your fingers in dead people’s mouths! And
With the weight of my head hitting the back of the chair, I close my eyes. Swirling the amber liquid absentmindedly, the question rolls around in my mind.
“Yeah, well, fuck you, too,” he snaps, turning away. Sherlock putters silently around the kitchen and doesn’t answer.
With the possibility of illness on the horizon, he can’t bring himself to make any promises to Sherlock. Not when Sherlock could lose him so quickly afterward. The flowers won’t last, and the card is dated, and now both are irrelevant.
When I look at him, he is frozen. The only other time I have seen Sherlock like this was when I asked him to be my best man. It’s when he reconfigures something in his mind palace, something he thought wouldn’t ever be possible but turned out to just be highly improbable. Even in the midst of my residual adrenaline spike, I can’t help but smile when he does this.
Curls bobbing as he nods, Sherlock takes a moment to collect himself, folded hands fidgeting against one another. Raising his head, he stares past me, into the tiles of the counter beyond.
Even in his aggravated, precise movements, an air of exasperated ennui accompanies Sherlock. He sighs dramatically.
As his eyes flit back and forth between mine, John tries to ascertain my true meaning. He doesn’t seem to find it, but my brave John still responds, “Just as you keep saying that you can’t lose me, I am lost without you. I’ve tried it twice now, and I can’t do it. So yes, I am worried I am going to ruin everything and still lose you.” While he talks, a small smirk spreads across my face and into my eyes.
Sherlock’s remaining days in isolation pass without much interaction with John, to both his dismay and relief. He shouts for Mrs. Hudson to leave his food outside the door and retreats to his nest of blankets with John’s jumper-wrapped pillow, refusing to let John in when he knocks.
“Roger that, Mrs. H.” Grinning, the socks clutched in one hand, John trots up the stairs, calling, “I got you some socks. Mrs. Hudson has surprisingly large feet.” He steps into 221B to find Sherlock clinging to the wall, his legs shaky and bent, a scowl darkening his sharp features.
The sounds coming from his violin, sharp and piercing, are in direct contrast to the sound of his deep, calm voice. I trust the violin more. Then, the sounds slow down, become legato, change to a minor key—turn morose. “In every version, I don’t make it in time. I lose. I lose everything that is important to me.” He glances over at me as if checking to see if I fault him for failing, for being human. A mournful cord cries out from beneath his fingertips, and a pressure surrounds my heart, overwhelming my chest, my breath caught with it, waiting for the tension to release. It's all too much. The trust, the glance, the swirling emotions in his eyes and through the air, the mere implication of my importance to him.
John turns toward me, leaning against the counter, ankles crossed, and speaks in a low voice, respectful of the topic. “I didn’t know that. We’ve never talked about your time away. For either of us.” He licks his lips. “When did Serbia happen?”
However, nothing tops John’s reaction when Sherlock strips off his gloves at a crime scene and hooks his finger into a dead man’s mouth.
The word struck me. This would have been a normal response. But the word was spoken in such a soft, almost nervous way that it wasn't right. My steps falter for a moment on my way to the kitchen when the realization catches up with me.
The ticking of the clock reverberates through the room, echoing through my head, taking my mind and sanity with it.
The night drug on, managing to force them into the presence of Victor only two times more. Lestrade had been helpful in filling in some of the basic details, but John watched him follow Sherlock’s every move with his eyes. No matter where the two were in the room, Victor’s eyes found Sherlock in a way that made John’s jaw clench. There was definitely something off about the man, but Sherlock would tell him if he needed to know. So John ignored the twisting of his gut and resigned himself to sticking by Sherlock’s side. That’s what a pretend boyfriend was supposed to do, wasn’t it?
“First off. Congratulations! John tells me you’ve recently become a couple. I’m very happy for you both,” she says with a full smile, nodding to each of us in turn.
Sherlock’s stomach drops, and his hands wring together in a tight knot. “Oh,” he says softly. John nods, his expression unreadable.
The teasing smile on John's face doesn't quite match the depth of desire in his eyes as his pupils blow wide. The sheet. He must be thinking of the sheet. Naughty man.
Casting his eyes away to the falling dark outside, Sherlock begins, “As you know, I used my 7% solution to help control the data input to my mind, to help me think better. You have seen me in its control, however loathe I am to admit it."
By the time John is due back from work, Sherlock is a jittering mess. He fidgets with his suit, dressed in an immaculate ensemble with his hair carefully styled.
“Hey Sherlock, breathe for me. In and out. In and out. See? That’s better isn’t it?” My breathing is almost normal, my heart rate slowing again, and John smiles weakly at me. He sits on the edge of my bed facing me, watching intently, searching for answers. His warm, solid presence further soothes my racing heart.
I freeze mid-chew, staring at him, baffled. Looking away, I put my toast back onto the plate and dust the crumbs from my fingertips. To ground myself, I grip my knees and stare resolutely back at him.
Properly chastised, John gives a brisk nod and heads out the door, Sherlock now the one trailing behind. He leans down to whisper in John’s ear, the smirk practically audible. “You keep surprising me. How’s the hand?”
When Anderson makes a move toward Sherlock, John subtly steps in, stopping the progression in its tracks. Lestrade puts up a hand to stop both of them. “Now hold on Sherlock, how did
Impossibly, well, improbably, John pulls me in tighter for a brief second, somehow hugging me while already holding me. Then he ventures to ask, “Can I start with one on the top of your head? That’s all I was thinking for now anyway. We do need to get some sleep at some point here.” His chuckle sounds deep and full within his chest, and his cheek rubs against the top of my head as he talks.
John's arms unfurl from the space between us, and he grips me in them, pressing his face in my chest.
“I offered, didn’t I? Don’t make me repeat myself.” With that, Sherlock whirls and strides to his bedroom, expecting me to follow. And, as always, I do.
“Ahh. So you're the one I’ve heard so much about, Mr. Holmes. Pleasure to meet you.” Nancy smiles at us both as she offers a hand to me, and I return the gesture in brisk nature. After shooting a withering glance at John, skin itching with the discomfort of the situation, I take a moment to appraise Dr. Nancy Shao and the surroundings.
“I suppose that’s true. Would... would it help for you to talk through them with me? I promise I won’t run this time.” The darkness settles around us, comforting in its weight and protection. Rosie’s muffled breathing comes through the monitor, and John’s own breathing and the rustle of blankets offer their warmth. It feels like home.
“Alright,” Sherlock murmurs, watching John climb the stairs to the second floor. He hears the door to John’s bedroom close and stands for a moment, mind whirling. His disappointment is immense, sinking deep and weighing him down. It takes precious time to shake off, and even then, Sherlock’s feet drag as he crosses the room to find his mobile.
The words are cut off as John leans forward to place his lips against Sherlock’s, wanting to banish even the thought from Sherlock’s mind. For a brief moment, Sherlock doesn’t kiss back, and John starts to pull away, knowing he shouldn’t have done that.
Anger and frustration flood up from my stomach, into my throat. I can feel my face flush with heat. I breathe into the depths of my lungs one more time, holding it there in an attempt to calm myself. Counting to ten, I let the air trickle out.
His sharp gaze scrutinizes me before landing on my face and softening. “What do you want to know?” Sherlock asks before taking another sip.
“I am intrigued to determine if we have any that overlap.” His voice betrays his benign inquiry. There is more than that, but I play along.
They love each other so much, which fills me with such gratitude, especially on days like this. The chair scrapes against the ground as I push back from the table. I take my mug to rinse. Sherlock must have taken his tea at some point because there isn't a second cup to be found.
There is a dark look in his eye as he turns his attention to me. "Ever." As the ferocity passes, Sherlock drops his gaze, and his shoulders round. "But it was one of those times. I hadn’t yet found...” with a pause, he glances in my direction before deciding on his next phrase, “the Work to help with the maelstrom of my mind. I had been spiraling, decreasing the time between my hits in what I now realize was an alarming rate. I had been high for three, maybe four days when I happened upon one of Lestrade’s crime scenes. I started deducing the victim, the killer, the police, the bystanders, basically anything and everything around me." Flashing a look at me from the corner of his eye, Sherlock adds, "Before puking all over Lestrade’s shoes."
Knowing he won’t drop it, and not wanting him to, I hang my head between my arms, hands gripping the edge of the counter as I step away from it, body collapsing forward on itself. “St. Bart’s,” I mutter.
He strides past me and down the stairs to the main door. With a bewildered look, I silently ask Nancy if everything is alright. She gives a small shake of her head and gestures for me to follow him. I wave my thanks, already turning to follow him.
I need to make him talk about this with me even if he doesn’t think he wants or needs to. But Sherlock needs to talk to somebody,
I haven’t cried this much since I thought he was dead. Sherlock’s arms wrap around me as they have twice before now. But this time, I throw my arms around him, clinging to his dressing gown, pulling him tight against myself. I need to feel his body beneath my hands, the warmth of his skin, his heartbeat, his breath expanding and constricting in his chest.
! The wife was obviously cheating on the victim with the koala kidnapper and convinced the kidnapper to abscond with her
“On Monday, you did that thing with your tongue, and I couldn’t get off the floor for three solid hours because my legs turned into the consistency of a Wendy’s frosty. And Tuesday, it was over the chair, and then it was more like…” he pauses, considering the chart of John’s suggested comparisons, and concludes, “Jello.”
That’s when I see him, sprawled out on the couch in his pajamas and blue dressing gown. So, he is sleeping.
Tip-toeing around, I get ready for the night and crawl into bed. As I lay down, I listen to my daughter’s soft, steady breathing. It soothes my aching heart enough to drift me off to sleep even though the nightmares will await me.
As quarantine stretches on and on, they try new positions, new techniques, dabble in toys. Sherlock turns it into an experiment, tracking each unique experience’s results, and John is nothing if not willing to participate as an enthusiastic subject. Sherlock draws a graph, detailing the correlation between sex acts and his state of liquidity in the afterglow. At one point, he sighs to John, “You could murder me, and I would let you, so long as I’m involved in the planning.”
Back in the house, sitting in his chair where Sherlock moved it into John’s quarantine zone, John looks up as Sherlock emerges from his bedroom. He looks pensive and agitated, and John narrows his eyes before asking, “Sherlock, why are there roses in the garbage?”
A truth, though not the one that so desperately wants to be spoken, tears roughly from my lips in a whisper. “And I’m so glad you did." Losing my nerve to continue, to lay it all before him, I squeeze his shoulder in an attempt to flee from the thoughts of what it would have been like if he hadn't returned. “I need to go get Rosie from Mrs. Hudson," I say as I turn toward the door.
John freezes for the second time that day, the weight of Sherlock’s words drowning him in colliding emotions—pride, confusion, love, betrayal. As he processes that revelation, John continues to work, determining how he wants to respond. The flat falls silent, only the sounds of their breathing to break the pattern.
Squeezing his hand in affirmation before sliding away, I move outside to entertain myself with some emailed cases.
“Unless there is a mutual agreement for me to do so,” Sherlock adds after a moment of thought. John throws his hands into the air and growls his frustration before moving six feet away from the body, making way for the forensics team to step in.
John's face softens, the confusion melting from his features. With the hint of a smile and a straightening of his spine, he takes another half step back, this time not to distance himself but to establish even ground.
“Nope.” John grits his teeth, scowling as he hauls Sherlock away. “I should have known letting you leave the house was a risk. Too many chances for exposure with you around other people.”
A mug of tea in his hand, John lazes on the couch and can’t help the smile on his face, relishing the first uninterrupted period of peace and quiet 221B has ever seen.
Because of the size of their flat and John’s lingering fury, Sherlock is banished downstairs to the mouldy hell of 221C. Sherlock huffs and growls, and points out to an irate John, “If I
My heart swells in a welcome ache, feeling as if it will escape from my chest altogether. That John would still want this, want me. “Ok.” I let myself be pulled back in close, relishing in the warmth, the closeness, the sentiment.
John winces before hiding the duster behind himself and rubbing the back of his neck with his empty hand. “I… uh… Mrs. Hudson said…” his voice trails off, and he sighs, helplessly finishing, “Just pretend it’s my hand.” With a raise of his eyebrows, he brings the duster forward and wiggles it about in a fashion he hopes appears enticing. Judging by Sherlock’s stare, he fails. “Okay?”
John’s mouth fills with questions, but something in Sherlock’s expression makes him swallow them back. “Okay,” he says roughly, folding his hands in his lap. “Alright, Sherlock.”
“Oh, dear,” Mrs. Hudson hums, a gleam in her eye. “Well, you’d better not tell him, but I may have waxed your floor. I hoped it might encourage you two closer together. You know... help you
“No, Sherlock. I guess you’re not my best friend.” John watches Sherlock’s face fall, the blank mask trying to fight its way back onto his expression to cover the pain. Before Sherlock can respond, John continues, “You are so much more than that, Sherlock. You are the most important person in my life. And, you aren’t allowed to ever do something like that again.”
Is it too early to refer to it as our bedroom? What am I thinking, of course it is. This is just for tonight. But what if it’s not? What if it is more than one night? No, no, no. Stop. I can’t think that way. I can’t let my hope run amok. It won’t do.
Pushing out my chair, I stand up and put my plate with the uneaten toast by the sink. “I don’t want to talk about this right now. Yesterday was hard enough, and I have to pick up Rosie soon.” My voice comes out short and curt, intending to put an end to the conversation. I pick up my duvet pooled on the chair and head for the stairs. Sherlock remains silent, watching as I move around him.
Looking through his lashes at John, a smile blooms on Sherlock’s face. “Sounds lovely.” They turn back towards the elevator to head to Scotland Yard.
True to form, John’s adrenaline junkie personality has him chasing dopamine and serotonin and rushing, perfect, synaptic bliss. Since they don’t have a case, he finds his fix in Sherlock, who has no complaints. John fucks him over the counter, in the shower, on the rug, in the upstairs bedroom that is now seldom used. By the end of the week, Sherlock is a puddle of a man, draped over the sofa with loose limbs and a permanent glow over his face. He barely reacts when his phone goes off, shoving it under the couch as John rolls him over for another go.
“Alright, data. You need to know how this is going to play out, yeah?” I nod once in agreement. Gesturing around the room, John starts to explain. “This is your space, and you are welcoming me into it. You get to call the shots on almost everything, though I will let you know if something makes me uncomfortable, yeah? We’ll take turns using the bathroom to get ready and change and such. I sleep in a t-shirt and bottoms. And based on how you flounce around the house, I trust you do the same, most nights, at least.”
Until recently, John hasn’t realized just how much he misses Sherlock in his space, the casual, fleeting touches between them.
As I put Rosie down for the night, rustling noises drift up from downstairs. Sighing, I realize that Sherlock is not asleep like I had hoped the last time I saw him. He’s been needing it. Desperately.
A bump in the road jostled the sleeping man, and his head came to lay on John’s shoulder. He stiffened, waiting for Sherlock jolt awake. When he didn’t but instead let out a small sigh and nestled his face deeper into the crook of John’s neck, John’s eyes slid closed. Resting his cheek on the mass of curls, he breathed in Sherlock’s scent and smiled. The excited-hurt feeling blossomed through his chest again, but he pushed it away and let himself rest against the man on his shoulder.
The vague response piqued John’s interest and a hint of a smirk played at his lips. “Ah. An ex. I see.”
“Wonderful!” He receives another friendly pat before Mrs. Hudson leans forward and whispers, “What are the socks for?”
So I stomp downstairs to tell him off, still being cautious enough of my sleeping Rosie. If he doesn't go to sleep on his own, I’ll drug his tea with some sleeping aids.
Finally, John says, “Do you know why I grieved for you for two years, Sherlock?” When there is no response, he continues, “People don’t do that for their best friend. They just don’t.”
know it was a koala fingerprint and not human? If I remember correctly, they are actually quite easy to mistake.”
Pressing a kiss onto the crown of his head, I inhale his scent, the smell of his shampoo, and it calms me. We sit in silence, this time welcome, comfortable.
stay in your zone—No, Sherlock, no! Stay in your zone!” The forlorn look on Sherlock’s face cuts into John’s resolve as he tries to stay strong. “No, I don’t care if you want a hug… okay, fine, I do. Dammit, stay there, I’ll…” Defeated, John’s shoulders slump as he turns toward the third floor. “I’ll get the feather duster.”
Rosie’s face scrunches up with all the strength of her five-year-old contemplation abilities. After a moment it relaxes, and with a small, sharp nod she says, “Yes. I understand. But I don’t like it.”
“Quite right.” Nancy smiles in agreement. “Our stories are our own.” Fixing her gaze back on me, she asks, “Out of interest, you have no obligation to answer, what are your nightmares about, Sherlock?”
“It’s so you can keep your distance,” she replies, hands fluttering about as she moves toward the door. Leaving John with more questions than answers, Mrs. Hudson clicks her way back downstairs. John blinks and looks down at the duster, thinking,
It’s clear that fists and rods and whips had been used, and he knows that Sherlock must be aching and in pain, the muscles stiff from the treatment they received. Noticing some dried blood in places, John sets to replacing each dressing with a clean one. Even with John’s gentle touches, Sherlock hisses with the slight tugging of the tape on skin, his nerves raw and frayed with the constant input of pain.
Turning toward the sitting room, I catch Sherlock facing away from me, dark curls aglow in the firelight, body straight, strong, and graceful. I pause to take it in, remembering what it was like for him to teach me to dance. The feel of his back beneath my palm.
Regaining my breath and waiting until I trust my voice not to betray me, I gather myself enough to say, “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I can’t do this tonight. I’m going to bed.” The music stops with an ascending screech.
When John first suggests the measurement terms, Sherlock scoffs. Once John explains it will earn Sherlock something called ‘brownie points,’ which can garner sexual favour, Sherlock caves.
“No. Rosie was up about half an hour ago and just went back down. I was about to make tea. Do you want some?”
“Do you want to know? Or would you like to wait until I lay it all out for Lestrade while ripping Anderson a new one?” Sherlock asks with a glint of pure mischief in his eye.
Not gay.” He rolls his eyes, shaking his head as he mutters, “There’s always something… but you never said!” he adds, almost accusingly.
My eyes slide shut as I curse myself. The bloody fucking letter. Letting out a deep breath, I turn to him. He has every right to be pissed at me.
“Well, that...clears it up. I think,” Lestrade says, obviously considering the storyline. “But, hold up, how did you know to check the fingerprints in the first place?”
“The wife of the victim was clearly cheating on him with their business partner. They run a legitimate travel business allowing them the ability to travel all over the world, in this case, to Australia. However, the wife was getting bored with her lifestyle and decided a bit of black market exotic animal smuggling sounded like a good idea.” He shows something on his phone to Lestrade. “So, the three of them, husband, wife, and sexy boy toy made their way to Australia and got their hands on a koala bear. When they got back, the deal went south. She convinced the boy toy to kill the husband and then take her and the koala back to Australia to try again later. They probably left on the flight back that same day.”
Today. Sherlock will face John today, now that Sherlock’s quarantine is nearing its end, and tell him what John means to him. Finally, he will open his mouth and release the words that have been burning at the back of his throat since John first petted him with a feather duster.
“I didn’t ask for this!” Sherlock shouts after him, voice rising as the door slams shut behind John.
“Do you want me to leave? Again, it’s fine. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable in your own space.” How does he do that, put me all aflutter and at complete ease at the same time? I am
Standing in the doorway of 221C, he looks dubiously at the sloshy glove and back to Sherlock. The detective perches on top of his pile of blankets like a reluctant king. His curls stick up in a sweaty mess, and his once-pristine suit looks rumpled.
I can tell there is more to the story that Sherlock is working up the courage to continue. Leaning back, I take my teacup back in hand before asking, "What happened then?"
“No, no. I’m fine. I’ve already been looked at. I promise.” Another wince takes over his features. “If you wouldn’t mind, I’d much prefer to continue this conversation at Baker Street. I’ll be much more comfortable there.”
“Do you think you’ll need one of those Acorn Stairlifts, too? Or can you manage the stairs with those beanpoles you call legs?”
“Well, okay... that’s fair,” John admits. He reaches out and tugs at a loose thread on the blanket. “But…. I mean, when it was your turn, I didn’t lock myself in my room and ignore you.” He spares a glance at Sherlock, sees his face tensing. “I’m not trying to make you feel bad, Sherlock,” John hurries to add. “It just…” he swallows and wraps the thread around his finger, voice growing softer. “I don’t know. I guess… I guess I missed you.”
“That’s it,” John snaps, hooking his hands under Sherlock’s armpits. “We’re going. No more case for you.”
Mrs. Hudson shoots John a look. Keeping his expression neutral, John lifts his newspaper higher to hide his smirk.
Nails biting into my palms, I force myself to meet his gaze. The fucking mask still there, still protecting himself from me. Swallowing around the knot forming in my throat, I press on. No retreat. "Honestly, Sherlock, blaming you was, and will remain, the biggest mistake of my life. It led to so much pain. I’d understand if you can’t trust me anymore. I’ll… I’ll do whatever you need from me. Even if it means
Still wrapped in his embrace, my face tucked into his chest, I remind myself that we’ve said this before—when he asked me to be best man, when I made my speech. That’s all this means.
“Sherlock, what the bloody hell?” John starts to ask as he takes in Sherlock’s pale face, the sweat forming on his forehead, the tense posture, and the askew angle to his shoulders as he favors one side. “You’re hurt. We need to get you looked at. Let’s get you to Bart’s.” John stands to help Sherlock up, and Sherlock waves him away.
It’s my fault he now knows and blames himself. I scramble to find something to say to remedy the situation.
Ever so lightly, Sherlock brushes his dry, smooth lips with mine. Tilting my head as I pull him in a little deeper, feeling the fullness of his mouth meld with mine, a small inhale of surprise escapes him. His hands frame my face, fingertips pressing into my hair.
like a tap, John,” he snaps, irritated. “It’s clear you haven’t been to the store in a while, going by the state of your shoes, hair and—”
The look on Sherlock's face puts a chill through me. An empty look of the dead. But he soldiers on with his story.
My eyes slide shut, and John takes over feeding Rosie, her delighted shriek expressing her opinion on the matter. Playing through several scenarios in my head, I can’t settle on the most probable, too many variables.
Mouth quirking up at the corners, John tugs Sherlock down again, kissing him with intent and gentle lips. Sherlock’s arms slip around his shoulders, and he melts into John’s chest. When John pulls back to speak again, his voice is stern, “But no more sticking your fingers in dead peoples’ mouths.”
Sherlock blinks, shock replacing the sadness. John can see he is still processing the whole of the statement, even as Sherlock says, “I won’t. I don’t think I’d be able to endure something like that again without you. That is, unless you don’t want to see…”
I can feel the warmth of his body as he comes to stand behind me. “Your leg has been hurting you, and you haven’t moved or said a word all day, even when I addressed you." Sherlock's hand rests on my shoulder. "You had a nightmare last night, but you haven’t ever been quite like this after the ones about Afghanistan, so something new. Something more emotional than physical by your disassociation." A gentle squeeze punctuates his next words. "So tell me, what was it about?”
A sheepish look crosses Sherlock’s face. “Right. I was supposed to meet you for dinner at Angelo’s. I’m sorry. I...I’ve been wrapped up in the case and…”
“Sherlock. From the beginning, from that first night at Angelo’s..." my eyes dart way, "I’ve wanted you. You were right. I was flirting, and your rejection was too much for my ego. Especially since I was still hearing my dad in the back of my head saying, ‘It’s not right, John. It’s disgusting.’ So, I… I fled to every woman I could find." I wave my hand, gesturing to the world outside, away from us, from what we've built, keeping them from spoiling our space further.
With a nod and a hum of agreement, John falls back into me, his weight a welcome presence against my chest. He slips his hand over mine and tucks them both under his chin. As my eyes fall shut, a smile on my face, I know this will be the first of many nights like this.
John's face darkens, brow knitting together. “What? Of course. Of course, I am.” As he steps closer to the kitchen, his face softens. “I’d honestly love to have you there, but again. Only if you are agreeable.”
Before I reveal myself too much, I close back in and take another sip. No matter how much he meant—means—to me, there is still something else eating at me.
ringing through the bare room. The air whooshes out of his lungs, and John rises to his feet without knowing why. It seems imperative that he stand. His wordless action pays off when Sherlock crosses the room, his long, confident stride closing the distance quickly.
Though I’m doing my best not to shut him out anymore, even with such obvious pain showing from him, in this moment, I find it difficult not to hide my own pain in efforts to comfort him. But John sees the start of the attempt anyway. “Oh god, you still do. Sherlock, you must know—you
Silence encases us, and the bed shifts. In one swift movement, I am wrapped in strong arms, a forceful grip. The crushing weight reminds me that I am not alone, that Moriarty hasn't won. As my face presses against John’s chest, he rubs a hand up and down my back, my body shaking as the fear washes through me. This hasn’t happened since Baskerville.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, come on, wake up. You’re having a nightmare. Sherlock, it’s me, John. Come on, wake up." Hoping that's all he needs to pull him out of the depths, I speak a bit louder with each repetition of his name. I don't want him, or me, waking Rosie. Thankfully, his eyes flutter open, and a wrinkle appears between his brows.
The light changes by the time his slender fingers wrap around my wrist, urging me to stop. We sit there, still, holding each other. After another few minutes, I look down at him, and Sherlock smiles. A small, hesitant smile, but a smile nonetheless.
a genius.” He tugs his fingers out of the dead man’s mouth and glowers. “Fine, I won’t stick my hands in anyone else’s mouth.”
I stifle a giggle as he flicks his hand through the air. "He kicked me off his scene but didn’t arrest me that night. I felt exhilarated at what I had done. I knew that this could keep my mind occupied if I let it."
The morning passes by in a whirlwind of Rosie. Pick up, change, breakfast, play, squeals, and toddles. By the time lunch rolls around, the conversation of the morning has been whisked away from my mind. I put her down for a nap and find Sherlock in his thinking position, flat out on the couch, dressing gown and all.
Angelo sounds desolate on the other end of the call. “But, Sherlock… the candle… for the table…” a rough sniff and a harsher tone. “The
microscopes, as he quickly flits back and forth between the eyepieces obviously comparing the three slides. After a last adjustment across all of them, he scoffs before yelling, “I
It takes him a few seconds before he can respond. When he does, Sherlock's voice is flat, almost pinched with worry, shame, concern. The voice that he uses when he tries to remain completely in control, devoid of emotion.
the koala! But we missed our chance at an easy capture as they are probably back in Australia right now. All because of
I catch up to him just as a cab pulls to the curb. Sherlock slides into the back, crossing his arms with a sour expression on his face. Keeping my distance, I crawl into the cab before giving the cabbie the name of the restaurant. That perks Sherlock up a bit.
Sorry for the delay, y'all! My original Part 6 was only 550 words and worked so much better blended with Part 7 as an epilogue, so. I had to write y'all a whole new piece! It took a bit. But it also means, CHECK THE TAGS. I've updated them.
Seeing that John isn’t moving in for more, Lestrade rubs a hand over his face, and Sherlock smirks, eyes only for John. When Lestrade shoots a questioning glance to Anderson, he just responds with a shake of his head, rubbing his reddened jaw. With another sigh and a dark look, Lestrade turns to John and says, “That’s never happening again, you hear? Or I will make
Without even opening his eyes to confirm his suspicions, John interrupts my train of thought. “You know, the whole point of this exercise was to sleep. Stop staring at me and turn off the light.”
By the time I stop staring, the light coming through the window has changed—from the faint orange of morning to the strong yellow of afternoon. The tea is cold. I don’t even know if Sherlock has tried to talk to me. My leg aches. A surge of panic and then a sigh of relief brings my shoulders forward as I remember Rosie is with Mrs. Hudson for the day today.
“John?” The sound of his voice, soft and brimming with the emotions that had been missing on his face earlier, fills out the rest of my smile.
After the feather duster’s failure, Mrs. Hudson brings John a glove filled with water and sand. John accepts the offering with blatant confusion, and she pats him on the shoulder.
John’s head shoots up from his position over Rosie to look at me with confusion. “Well, I think so she has a better understanding of who you are and of our relationship.” As Rosie tugs on his ear to regain his attention, he grimaces before letting his face relax, a tinge of disappointment sitting behind his eyes. “Honestly Sherlock, if you’re uncomfortable you don’t have to come.”
It takes almost half an hour to go over every single scar and mark I have been given, and those are only the ones on my back. The gunshot wound on my chest is for another time, another conversation. John already knows of that one.
When Sherlock flashes a look of incredulity, John realizes the answer is everywhere. “Oh, Sherlock." He pauses in consideration. "Fine. Where does it hurt the least? Where can I help support you?”
“Sniper." I close my eyes and rest my forehead against the cool wood of the chair back, resolving myself to explain. "The reason I had to jump from St. Bart’s. Moriarty had you, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade all trained with snipers. I had to jump; my life for yours.” The quiet words tumble out of my mouth, my voice quavering no matter how much control I attempt to exert over it.
Well-educated, a focus with veterans with PTSD, living comfortably but within her means, trying to hide her smoking habit from her husband. Oh. And her mother.
Annoyance gone, I search his face, hoping to find the words, to tap into his bravery. And then, “You won’t lose me, John. That is, if you’ll have me.” I hear his breath catch and am enveloped once again. “John?”
After opening the door and entering the tiny unrented bachelor flat, John narrows his eyes at a lump of blankets in the corner. Sherlock’s unruly curls peek out from the top, the rest of him hidden in the makeshift nest.
“Oh.” There is a long pause as Sherlock reassesses this information, brow furrowed. “Have I ever told you about my last overdose before I met you? No, of course I haven’t. I’d remember. Let me rephrase. Has Lestrade ever told you about it?”
I look back into his eyes, holding his gaze, and pouring all my sincerity into my response, my own voice hitching. “Oh, Sherlock. I know. I know. You won’t. You won’t lose Rosie.” Sherlock’s gaze falls back to his mug, and I knock my knee against his, “Hey, Sherlock, look at me.” Gazing up through his lashes, he looks almost bashful, ashamed of his needs, his show of weakness. “You won’t lose her, Sherlock, you won’t lose us.” Something struck me, “Have you... have you been worried about us leaving Baker Street? Is that why you’ve been having this... this Rehab nightmare?”
Blinking the sleepiness away, John straightens with a yawn. “Not sure. Mrs. Hudson seems to think we have something to talk about.”
The light dances across his features, letting me memorize the planes of his face in ways I haven't been allowed before. John, asleep, or nearly so, in my bed, next to me. The thought is baffling. Never would I have believed we would end up here, like this. It's more than I had hoped for, especially after my return and his marriage to Mary. But all of that is being put behind us now.
Sherlock, who had been observing me with those bright, mesmerizing eyes of his, offers a startled, soft chuckle as he raises his mug to his lips. “Quite right," he says, his lip curling around the edge of the mug. I wait, patient and quiet, knowing that he will talk when he is ready. After enough times of pushing him, I've understood how often that leads to the exact opposite result I want. Stubborn arse.
“Nice catching up, Victor. As always. But I do believe there are some canapés much more interesting than this conversation.” With that, he turned around and felt John’s hand slip into his own, threading their fingers together. A small squeeze of reassurance connected directly to his heart, and even as he couldn’t breathe, he felt like he could fly. Glancing at John, he squeezed back, thanking him for being there, wishing, hoping, aching that this could be real instead.
John's grounding presence pulls me closer, promising protection, safety. In the same monotone, I explain, “It was when I was away. Dismantling the web. I was caught in Serbia and held. Mycroft got me out, barely. I still have the scars.” I don’t need to mention that they are not only physical. John knows, understands. Afghanistan.
Once he hangs up and I finish rinsing the glasses, I look back over my shoulder to him still in his chair, cross-legged and relaxed. It is like a scene from before, and a smile tugs at my lips.
he charges you for assault of a police officer. Now get out of here. I don’t wanna see either one of you for at least a week.”
Before he can question his actions, John digs out the long pillow he used after his injury to keep pressure off his healing shoulder. It reminds him of those ‘boyfriend pillows’ he saw in a Facebook ad once, and he tries not to dwell on the connotation of such a term. Shaking the thoughts away, John stuffs the pillow into one of his jumpers, strides into the sitting room, and tosses it at Sherlock. He doesn’t wait to see or hear the response, instead trotting back up to his bedroom. It is an obvious tactical retreat, and John perches on the edge of his bed with tightly-clenched fists.
Still in a slight daze, Sherlock asks, “You and you want me to adopt you?” He gestures between John and Rosie and himself with a shaking finger.
After a moment, she asks, “Why don’t we all have the same name? All my friends have the same last name as both their parents. Isn’t that how you know you're a family?” This time, John looks across to Sherlock with a mild glare, and Sherlock grimaces in return.
“But, but…” Sherlock protests fall on dead ears, and he rolls his shoulders, trying to dislodge John to no avail. “But John! The case!”
“Always did have a sweet tooth,” the man called behind them as they walked away. The tension spiked through John’s shoulders. That arsehole, whoever he was, must be the reason John was here pretending in the first place.
“Quite right.” The words burst from his mouth with a rough nod, in dissonance to the music and the space between us. He turns back around, swaying once again to his music, and I can hear a whisper of “thank you”, more breath than sound. That same clenched feeling grips my heart.
“I know it won’t do much, but I am sorry. And I do regret ever even thinking that, let alone writing it down and forcing Molly to deliver it to you.”
That’s how badly, John. I am still hurting from that night. “I pulled a few stitches, and re-cracked a couple of ribs. Nothing major.” John’s face falls, and he curls deeper into himself. His breathing hitches, and the fingers pinching the bridge of his nose press harder to hold back the tears that threaten to fall.
John sits up, looking at Sherlock still lying on his side, arm cushioned under his head. He looks radiant. Sherlock sends a knowing smile in his direction before asking, “Thai?”
“Sherlock, it’s fine. If you want to take it back, it’s fine. It’s all fine.” I turn to look at John then, his eyes full of calm, concern, trust. I still don’t know how that happened, how I gained back any of his trust.
When John returns later that evening, he finds Sherlock pouting in the corner of the room, arms folded over his chest. “Alright, this isn’t working. You can come back to 221B. But!” John holds up a hand, stalling Sherlock’s words. “
“No one will ever find your body,” Sherlock grumbles, finally making it to his feet. He skids and slides down the hall, scowling at the floor and shooting John dirty looks over his shoulder until disappearing through the bathroom door. Still giggling, John gets to his feet and pads downstairs to borrow a pair of grippy socks from Mrs. Hudson.
Outside, still standing on the sidewalk before 221B, Greg Lestrade tears his wide eyes away from the now-closed upstairs window. “Well,” he mumbles weakly, voice hoarse, “now I know why Sherlock isn’t answering my calls.” Shaking his head, looking shell-shocked, he turns on his heel and strides back towards his cruiser, fishing his mobile out with one hand. “I
I push back against his arms, and they loosen around me but don’t pull away. Shrouded as his face is in the dark, I do my best to search out his gaze. “Don’t want it to change things or concerned it will change poorly?"
His relationship with Harry is off and on again, as is both their relationships with alcohol. John avoids speaking about his father, and only rarely mentions his mother. Perhaps there is...
John sighs, pinching his nose and already knowing he’s going to give in. “You are a menace,” he manages before grabbing Sherlock about the waist and tossing him onto the sofa.
When they pulled in front of Baker Street, John looked down at the still sleeping form. Whispering Sherlock’s name, he stroked the sharp cheekbone with the back of his fingers, hoping to ease Sherlock from his sleep. Sherlock wrinkled his nose and tucked himself deeper into John’s shoulder, and John chuckled. His heart ached for his beautiful man that was not his.
When he finally relaxes and returns to the sitting room, Sherlock is curled around the pillow, asleep in his chair. His face rests in the jumper, expression softened and slack, his arms tight around the offering.
to keep my mouth occupied so I wouldn’t kiss you.” A blush works its way over his features as he grumbles, “It’s not
Stomach clenching, Sherlock fought through a grimace and placed what he hoped was a pleasant smile on his face. Based on the look from John, he hadn’t quite got it right.
Smiling back, I swing my head toward our bedroom and ask, “Sleep? You are going to have to pick up Rosie from Greg and Molly’s pretty early tomorrow morning.”
“I see congratulations are in order then. I was wondering when the looks would finally become reality. But a word of advice, brother mine, whatever it is that you two are hiding from each other, don’t.”
Beside John, Sherlock rolls over with a snort and a blink, trying to orient himself to the world and what was happening. But John looks down and sees his daughter looking up at him with her big blue eyes and tear stains on her cheeks.
“There was an exposure,” John says, his voice low. “At the clinic.” His brow furrows, and he glares at the floor. “I have to quarantine.”
He hands me one of the tumblers and takes a sip from his own. Sliding past me, Sherlock folds into his leather chair with ease. Knees crossed, an elbow propped against the armrest with a relaxed wrist, he swirls his drink.
“No. This time was Serbia,” I inform him, my tone flat, hoping to avoid expressing how much it has affected me. It has been a few weeks since my last series of nightmares.
He tips his head down with a furrowed brow, avoiding my gaze. “For dying to save me when she should still be around for you, for Rosie. You think she made the wrong choice. I shouldn't be surprised.”
"Sherlock. As to the last question, I've already told you. I never should have. Period. As for the rest? The simple answer is that I am a bonafide arse. There is no way around it." Sherlock opens his mouth to respond, but I put up a hand to stop him. I need to get this out. He needs to understand.
When the pandemic begins, John predicts (correctly) that Sherlock will struggle. To absolutely no one’s surprise, Sherlock continues much as he always has, leaning over corpses and standing in people’s personal space, no matter how many times John snaps at him to keep his distance.
John turns to look up at the ceiling. A sticky hand hangs overhead, shot up there like a rubber band by Sherlock during one of his ‘quarantine experiments.’ Hands tight against the arm of his chair, John wonders what happened to
“Yeah.” Clearing his throat, he rolls his shoulders with a sigh. “I’m… look. I’m tired. I’m going to bed.”
When they finally part, the sound of their synchronized panting is loud, each seeking the breath fled from their aching lungs.
Sending a calculating glance in John’s direction, he responds, “Most recently, Serbia. But to answer the question you are really asking, dismantling Moriarty’s network. I had to make sure that there was no one left to threaten your life. I…” When Sherlock leans back in his chair, he bolts straight up again, face contorting in pain.
Sherlock doesn’t. “You’re right. I didn’t. Not when your life was in the balance. Though I didn’t realize how much it still would be.” I lift my head and glare at him then. Sherlock's gaze bores into me, stern, but still seeking forgiveness, still understanding he put me through more than he bargained on, still sorry for the pain he caused. I don't know how to respond to that. So I keep looking at him, staring into his eyes, searching for the question I need answered.
John interrupts me with a rushed whisper, “Yes. I... I didn’t mean to tell you, and you don’t have to respond. I swear I don’t want this to change anything. I know you don't do that sort of thing.”
The data Sherlock has collected since John has returned and even before suggests that John may reciprocate his feelings. But until Christmas Sherlock didn’t know if John wanted a physical relationship with him. God Sherlock wanted to touch John, hold him and never let him go again.
They all move into the kitchen and sit around the small table, Mrs Hudson joins them as well. She seems to be getting along well with Mrs Holmes.
They begin bickering and Mrs Hudson tries to stop them but it’s John who manages to quite them. He just places his phone on the table and that silenced them both immediately. The threat of calling their mother is enough. Also John’s hand on Sherlock’s knee under the table probably helps as well.
He decides not to dwell anymore and if he waits any longer he’ll be late. He grabs his duffle and walks down the stairs to the waiting car.
Sherlock has raised his hand to the window and watches the the car turn around the bend and out of his sight.
“That’s great Sherlock. It’s good that you can focus on your work instead of sex. Sometimes it’s distracting.”
The receptionist takes a phone call and then looks up and simply says, “Watson, second floor room 20.” and sends John on his way.
Nothing changed that was noticeable to anyone else except the two of them. But both John and Sherlock knew something had changed or was changing between them since Christmas Eve. Neither wanted to say anything first. Sherlock got fed up with waiting and decided to do something about it.
“Yes Hello John, I’m calling to see how Sherlock’s taken the news, I assume you’ve told him you’re deploying again”
They talked for a while longer but John said he had time restrictions and would call him again a couple of days.
He seems surprised to see Sherlock. Almost a deer in the headlights look on his face. Mycroft, standing behind him however, looks as collected as always.
John looks baffled as they are waved through the security and the doors close behind them. They have a capsule to themselves and it begins its ascent.
He looses track of time while he soaks and must have fallen asleep because he wakes to a knock on the bathroom door.
“If you leave again John you will get shot, who knows if you’ll even survive this time. I won’t allow it”
His apprehension was apparently unfounded because once inside, John pushed him roughly against the wall and kissed him hard. Sherlock groaned into the kiss and wrapped his arms around John. They kissed hard and heavy for a while but they were soon both breathless. John pulled away but reattached his mouth to Sherlock’s neck.
“Fine John.” Sherlock softened a bit and turned to face John again. “Promise you’ll be home as soon as possible. Don’t do anything stupid to delay yourself. Please John. I don’t know what I would do if I lost you.”
As John is a captain he only has to share quarters with three other soldiers unlike the twins who have to share with another thirteen in one of the main tents for Privates.
