“Your turn” Dean said. Cas pushed Dean’s hand away, pushing him back to the bed
“Sammy?!”
“Fuck Cas, look at you,” Dean whispers, ghosting his nails over Castiel’s back.
Dean huffs, shaking his head as he turns from Castiel “Damn dumbass” he grunts as he begins to make his way toward the exit, not wanting to hang around a minute longer than he has to.
“Hey, boy” Sam says tiredly, “how are you doing, huh?” He bends slightly to give Miracle a quick chin scratch
The silence here in the darkness existed as a soundtrack to the regrets of Castiel’s past. It was a profound melody that seduced his consciousness. Teasing and taunting on a never ending  cycle. It surrounded Castiel, relentless in its sneering. In sharp focus were the times that he had failed Dean. The leviathan fiasco, Metatron, the Mark, Jack...he saw every time that Dean had been counting on him and he had done nothing but fail and disappoint him. But there was something else here, creeping through the cracks. It was a razor sharp memory, something blazing, hot and liquid. It was reaching out to Castiel like a magnet, pulling him forward,  arousing every molecule of his being.
Heedless of the mess between them Cas fell forward, spent onto Dean’s chest. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ trembling body, pressing a kiss to his temple.
Cas returned his embrace then, the smell suddenly hitting Dean’s nostrils
“I’ll take care of the car, Dean”
“Hey boy, did’ya miss me?” Miracle licks at Dean’s hand in response
“Cas, you wasn’t there and I thought you were gone” Suddenly the weight of everything that had happened over the last few months, fell down on to Dean.
Dean nodded
And Dean waved as Sam disappeared out of the driveway.
Dean nodded pulling him close
“Shut up, Sam! Hey, Bobbi Girl, what do we say to uncle Sammy for taking care of you yesterday” Bobbi looked at Sam from the comfort of Dean’s arms and signed ‘Thank You’
“I thought you were gone” he whispered, voice thick with emotion.
Cas’ brow furrows in confusion
“Dean— Dean, I’m so— oh it feels so good, please  Dean” Castiel didn’t know what he was asking for
“Cas, mouth. Please. I want your mouth on—oh my...fuck” Dean’s hips jerked upward as Castiel swallowed him down slowly, every solid inch being warmed by the wet tunnel of Cas’ mouth
“A seduction?” Dean shook his head “not right this second, but take a load off, we had a long trip. Come and lie on the bed with me?”
“Then tell me, Dean! Let me help”
“Not this time, Dean. You have been zoned out for a while now. Talk to me man, that’s what I’m here for”
“Apparently so” Dean croaked, a resigned edge to his voice
“And this will be your first one since...”
“I’m WHAT?!” Dean exclaimed “when the fuck did I ever say that?! I’m not Bi, Sam. I’m not into guys.” There was a high speed panic rising in Dean’s voice “I like women. Like, REALLY like women. All women. Black women, white women, Asian women, blondes, brunettes, red heads, tall women, short women, slim women, voluptuous women. All women, Sam”
Bobbi raised her hand waving enthusiastically “Byeeee unca Sammy byeeee” she shouted
Cas’s thumbs stroked over the blush on his cheeks, was there a thing more beautiful than Dean Winchester?
“You’ll see when we get there” Dean said with a slight smile and Cas saw the first glimpse of the Dean he loved since being back.
“Dean, it’s ok” Cas soothed as he manoeuvred them so he was able to frame Dean’s face within the palms of his hands and he held his gaze steady.
Dean’s feet carried him swiftly in the direction of Sam’s voice
“Don’t I know it. Where’s Cas? You guys have a good time last night?”
Castiel nods in Sam’s direction at the same time Dean’s hospital door swings open. Both Sam and Cas get to their feet as Dean, clutching his ribs exits his room, slightly hunched over as he struggles to remain upright
Dean grinned
Castiel lounges on his bed with Miracle next to him, who has become quite the companion the last few weeks, much to Dean’s Chagrin.
“I think I’m done with this, Cas”
Castiel startled from his slumber, he searched his surroundings - nothing but....nothingness. Castiel powered his Grace, lighting his palm a vivid blue. He traced his hand into the nothingness. He wandered the darkness, calling out, his voice a desperate plea.
“Dean it’s—“
“What? What are you talking about?” Sam moved closer to Dean and reached around behind him, his hand blindly resting upon the blood soaked wound. Sam paled at the sheer volume of blood pooling his hand.
Cas paused a beat before he answered.
Cas rolled his eyes, stepping away and heading toward the cabin
Dean threw Sam an incredulous look
“Sweetheart, what’s wrong?”
You couldn’t tell him that there was anything better than this.
“Mmmm, whatever” Dean said and he kissed Cas greedily, making him forget all about the importance of the phone call. The phone rang off and just as quickly started again.
He stood flat against the wall of the main entrance, his Hunter instincts kicked into high gear. Sam took the other side, he took the lead on this one and Dean was happy, even relieved, to let him. He nodded toward Dean, indicating for him to push his way in. Using his shoulder he pushed open the door, his gun poised and ready in front of him. The space was dark, acrid and the stench of dry blood and other bodily fluids that Dean really didn’t want to think about hit the back of his throat, the crook of his arm coming up instinctively to cover his mouth and nose
Cas opened the drivers door, leaning against it.
Cas smiles, and leans in, his lips finding Dean’s easily.
“Dean” Cas breathed out “we don’t have to—“
“Fuck you’re so gorgeous” Dean said
“It might be healthy to talk about him from time to time, it would be nice, actually. I’m just saying I’m here and I know how you feel”
“Thank you” Bobbi signed and Sam’s chest swelled with pride. So much that he barely felt a thing as he banged his head as he moved to shut Bobbi’s door, hearing the tail end of her giggle.
Cas interrupted his thoughts as he tentatively approached the end of Dean’s bed.
“I don’t understand did I—?”
“Cas! Fuck! I’m going to— mmmm shit— Cas!”
“ you know what, Dean! This moping. The dramatic sighs. The staring at Cas when you think no one is looking...”
“You take that side and I’ll do a sweep along this side, don’t make any hasty decisions, Dean” Sam warned
“What? Why the hell not?”
For months after, Dean’s dreams (when he managed to sleep) contained Cas, black goo and the echos of “I love you. Goodbye, Dean”
Cas’ brows briefly knitted together
Dean’s heart thrummed at the sound of Cas’s name. He said nothing. “Dean...you haven’t been the same since Cas di-“
Castiel weakly got to his feet. He recognised his surroundings. The familiar scenery crept back into his consciousness. The underground of the bunker where he had said goodbye to Dean, where he had spoken his truth. He was here. But he wasn’t truly home, not until he found Dean.
“That’s homophobic”
“So..? Don’t you want to explore what that could mean?”
“You dumbass!” He said, relief surging through him as he pulled him in to his embrace, heedless of the state he was in
“Asshole” Dean muttered to himself as he pocketed his phone and pulled on his boots. He left his room and walked past Sam without a word.
“Well that’s because Uncle Sammy is a dumb a—butt” Dean stopped and corrected himself, peering briefly over his shoulder to make sure he wasn’t about to experience the wrath of Cas.
They turned into the hospital car park, easily pulling into a space outside.
“When Metatron stole my grace, I didn’t know my place in the world. I didn’t know what my purpose was. I was...lost. But now...Dean, now I know what it is like to look at you through human eyes, to feel your touch, to give and receive pleasure from you....to hear you say you love me... Dean, there is nothing that I would or could want more than that.”
Cas started at this information, something inside of him twisting painfully knowing Dean needed him and he wasn’t there.
“I believe it may be the other way around, he refuses to leave my side”
Cas shifts closer to Dean, his thumb playing at the corner of his lips
“Do you have any idea, any idea at all what it’s like to have someone tell you the opposite of everything you’ve ever thought about yourself? To have them tell you they are in love with you and not even get a chance to respond because the selfish son of a bitch gives up his life for you? Do you know how that fucking feels, Sammy?”
“What makes you think it was me??”
“Yes, I’ve fantasised about this” Cas confessed
“I felt, rather than heard, Dean calling for me.  I think it may have been in prayer but I’m not sure. I felt his...despair... The Empty was refusing to return me to earth and so I sacrificed my grace, and I woke up in the underground of the bunker” Cas was as matter-of-fact as he always was as he explained the situation to Sam.
“You changed me, Dean”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Dean I forgot the pie last week and that was also homophobic of me, according to you”
“Ok so you’re not bisexual, fine. Maybe you’re just...Cas-sexual” Dean’s head snaps up abruptly, glaring stoney faced at his brother “did you just say that?” Sam looking too pleased with himself for Dean’s liking
The weather was sunny but still cool for the time of year. Dean’s breath caught in his throat as he made his way to the Impala. Cas stood, leaning against the passenger side door, wearing a black leather jacket. He had light scruff and his head tilted back toward the sun, his eyes closed as he soaked up its warmth. Dean’s footsteps faltered as he took in the sight before him. How was this man real?
“Home” and with that Dean left the Bunker and headed home. The impala’s lights illuminated the front of the cabin as he pulled into the driveway. He was oddly nervous to walk in and see Cas. He took the front steps two at a time and the door swung open before he could use his key. Their eyes locked, Cas was still pissed. Fuck he was hot when he was pissed off.
“If anything happens to you...” he whispered
“I think Dean should explain. We will see each other again. I love you guys” and with that, Jack is gone.
Sam was pale, his face held an expression that Dean couldn’t place. The stench in this room was just as bad as the last, no light or air. Just blood and dirt.
“You heard me. What are you so afraid of?” Sam asks pointedly. “You’re Bi. So what!”
“Dean?! Dean, can you hear me? Dean, it’s me, Sam, can you hear me?” Sam’s panic stricken voice was too loud in Dean’s over-sensitive ears.
It didn’t escape Sam’s notice
Sam held up his hands defensively, a slight grin on his features. “Ok, I got it! You like women. But...one fact remains, you still have feelings for Cas”
“No, that’s not what I mean. I mean you’re not fighting in my place. I can handle it”
“I think I’d like that”
“Fair warning, I’m going to kiss you now”
“Sammy! Hey, focus! Have you got it?” Sam’s eyes locked on Dean’s and Dean knew that this was the last time he would ever look at his baby brother. And in that moment he tried silently to convey everything he felt for the kid he’d dedicated the last 37 years to.
“That you’re sick”
“Just...coms back to me in one piece”
Dean nodded
“Don’t say it, Sammy” Dean whispered out desperately, he couldn’t apply that word to the end of Cas’s name. He refused.
Castiel had heard those words before.
Sam’s hand came up infront of Dean and pushed the gun down
“It’s past midnight which means it’s officially Jack’s birthday” He said solemnly
Whatever Dean was about to say was cut off by a guttural howl from the centre room. Disregarding Sam’s warning, haste took over as it always did with Dean, and he rushed the centre room, kicking the door off its hinges. The same stench hit his nose like a freight train, the putrid smell of rotting flesh and earth was overwhelming. Dean felt Sam rather than saw him beside him, their eyes having to adjust to the low light.
Dean turned back on to his side, mirroring Cas and propping himself up on his elbow.
“No Dean. It’s true. I’ve checked him out man, he’s clean. It’s Cas!”
“I’m tired, Sammy. Go home, take a shower, you’re stinking up the place”
Cas’ eyes hit Dean’s face. Deans eyes were closed. He was stunningly beautiful beneath the warm spray.
“Hello, Dean”
“You sound out of breath, you good?”
“I’ve always wanted you to choose to stay. To...choose me”
“Sam, I assure you it’s me. Please put the gun down.  I no longer have my grace, if you shoot—“
“It’s really you” he says finally.  it’s a statement more than a question, his voice is thick with emotion. And then his face changes. He’s overcome with an irrational anger, his face hard and thunderous.
“Patience, honeybee! Are you coming?” He asked Dean.
“Thanks, Dean”
“My grace is...gone”  Cas answers quietly, his eyes soft as he looks at Dean, noting his grey complexion. “I’m fine, thank you, Sam” he says, his eyes never leaving Dean’s face.
Castiel took a steadying breath, trying to gather his thoughts and moved his way through The Bunker halls unsure of what he was to do next. He heard the small shift of movement from behind him, something softly padding against the floor. Castiel turned to be greeted by the curious gaze of a dog who sat dociley at his feet and panted up at him.
“Hey, Bobbi Girl” he said in a soft voice so as not to startle her. Her eyes sprang open immediately, shining bright asthough she hadn’t just been falling asleep
Dean awakens with a delightful, sated heaviness to his body and he reaches out a hand across the bed, blindly searching in the dark for Castiel but the space is empty. Panic starts to bubble in the very pit of his stomach.
Dean nodded. Cas was thoughtful for a moment.
“I don’t know, man. I’ve never— I’m not—into guys”
“Let’s go away some place, just you and me. Bobby has a cabin just outside of Strawberry Hill. We could head up there for a while, so we have time to figure this thing out. What do you say, Cas? Fancy a vacation?”
—————————————
Dean shrugged a shoulder
“Hey Cas, can I ask you something?”
Dean stepped further into the bedroom, removing his jacket and throwing it to the corner of the room to be dealt with later.
Dean clutched his chest as a new pain surged through him, forcing his head to bow forward. It was now or never. He knew this would be the last time he could do this. The last time he could pray to Cas. He swallowed down the tinny blood lacing his throat, making way for the words he was about to speak.
“Dean, with the life you have lead, no one would judge you for taking a time out”
Sam nods “Only very recently. He kept it to himself”
WARNING::
“You do remember that this is no longer where you live, right?”
“Definitely won’t say no to that”
“Tell me, how does it feel?”
“I can and I will”
+++++++
Dean made a dismissive sound in the back of his throat, refusing to meet Sam’s eyes.
“Why would you be hungry?” Dean already knew the answer but he needed to hear it from Cas anyway
“Yeah, you are” Dean kissed him back, pulling his lower lip between his softly
“You know?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek “fine. Sure. Whatever”
Dean  cleared his throat, announcing his presence. Cas was startled back from whatever path he had been on
“No nap!” She said
“Oh god, baby, no! Never think that. We’re awesome, I promise” he pressed a kiss to  his mouth and he felt Cas relax beneath him and he returned to ghosting over his spine as he put his chin on Cas’s chest
Cas leaned in against Dean’s ear, and in that sinfully gravelled voice he said “come for me, Dean” Dean stilled against Cas as Cas worked him with a merciless speed of his wrist.
Cas is still sleeping, breath easing in and out, just a little bit of a wheeze. Peaceful, oblivious.
The next photo is a blanket covered lump in the mussed hotel bed.
Sam looks doubtful, leans forward to peer out the windshield with his nose wrinkled. Dean climbs out of the car and clicks on his flashlight, when Sam doesn't follow him immediately he taps the window and gives him a glare; "Waitin' on you princess."
0-0-0
Dean looks up at him and Sam wonders what’s going through his head because that look, that look says clearly that it’s not… that maybe he made a mistake.
“Years, Dean… It feels like my whole lifetime.”
Dean coughs, swallows and doesn’t look up; “Yeah, I’m alright…” He turns a page, isn’t really reading more as looking at the pictures, “You should have seen it Sam… Our lives—“ He smiles, “You were such a wussy.”
He stood outside the door, just breathing and shivering for a five count, hand lifted to knock but in the same moment afraid to do so, the image burned into the backs of his eyes.
Drip.
Then the photos change; A snowy parking lot, taken from a high window. The Impala parked with other cars, taken from above, her roof, hood and trunk dusted with snow.
Cas puts his briefcase on the kitchen counter and tries to scowl. He toes off his shoes and shrugs out of his jacket, shuffles over with one hand behind his back and bends over Dean's shoulder, buries his nose in that Place below his ear and breathes deep, brushes it with the corner of his mouth and roughness of his chin.
Drip.
Without his resources, without all his fake IDs and badges and Sam's brains it's going to be difficult, but not impossible.
The apartment seems empty, cold. His phone rings twice but he doesn't answer it, instead he gets dressed, pulls on his jacket and leaves for a while. Goes to the library and combs through missing person's reports in the area for twenty-five years looking for the girl in white.
Sam's eyebrows go up ohsoinnocently and he grabs the bag. "Fine."
Dean breathes out slowly, relaxes, carefully removes his hand from Sam's mouth and shuffles forward so he can see the girl again.
“That,” The professor said, rubbing his palms on the arm rests of his chair then pushing himself up, “Requires an understanding of their origin and purpose;” He drew a few texts off the shelves, laid them out on the tables and waved the two younger men over. “A lot of Muslims believe the djinn are very real.  They’re mentioned in the Koran and Hadiths—“
Sam turns to him, still breathing heavily as the adrenaline pumped; "What?"
Cas removes his tie and stares at the stain on it, laughs and throws it at Dean's head.
“He loved that stupid team,” Her voice was quiet, a whisper, perhaps a little resentful.
Cas looked at him; “Did I not please you last time?”
The girl is standing by the exit, her skin's mottled gray and purple in places, her blouse and skirt are torn and dirty and splattered. Her eyes are wide and staring into-THROUGH-him and his heart thuds hard in his chest. He tastes something rotten in the back of his throat, cloying and thick, physically gags and goes to his knees.
But Dean doesn't hear him. "What if that's why she keeps appearing to me. She's not a spirit, but more and more I'm catchin' flashes of reality! Yanno, like I'm in here somewhere and I'm catatonic and I'm takin' all this stuff in but I can't snap out of it!"
"A bookie. I lost big on a game, I gotta bring him the cash tonight."
Sam's mouth is open and he looks like he may have just pissed himself a little bit; "Okay, uhm..." He sets the jar of blood down carefully; "Stop the car."
Sam's voice was thin, remorseful and when Dean turned to look at him Cas was standing there beside him with his messy hair and scruffy cheeks and tie on backward. Jess was there too, watching him with those glass colored eyes of hers.
Drip.
0-0-0
“Yeah, lucky me…” He looked down at his hands, flexed them open and closed. The muscles of his jaw twitched and for a long while he was quiet, gone into his head somewhere.
Cas scowled, shoved a hand into his pocket and stomped forward.
No. No, it's not possible. Why is she here!
He nodded, numbly, sucked in a few sharp breaths and watched with dilated eyes as Cas swallowed him down again, hollowed his cheeks and pressed up with the flat of his tongue, teeth scraping just enough to sting in all the best ways.
“You mean Cas?”
He stared at it, gave his head a shake, blinked and felt himself drawn forward like a moth to flame, disbelieving even as he snatched it up in trembling hands and brought it close to his face to stare at it because sometimes things looked like one thing when they were something entirely different.
Dean blinked at it stupidly, everything between his ears stuffed with cotton and a strange chemical-sweet taste clinging to the back of his throat.
“To what questions? I am quite knowledgeable on a number of subjects.”
He's bent over a notebook furiously scribbling when Sam opens the door and slides into the passenger seat. He pulls it away from view, like a teenager hiding love letters and blinks at his brother with wide eyes. "Get outta the car."
“How did we meet?”
"Where's my dad? Don't... No-nono... Where's my dad?"
"How much?"
Castiel seemed unimpressed as they left the building, muttered something about poorly translated Arabic and rubbed the space between his eyebrows; “Do you have aspirin? I’m getting a headache.”
“Whatever,” He stood and took a bottle of water to his brother, took the rotgut and put the lid back on. “This stuff takes off furniture polish, Dean… How can you stand to drink it?”
Dean couldn’t look at him. Something was tight in his chest. The very idea that Dad—DAD would have apologized to him for anything was absurd. He could just hear his father in his head, ranting at him, the anger and disappointment in his voice. ‘Jesus, Dean, what were you thinking!’
Dean grins at him; "Whatsamatter, Cas? Got the blue balls?"
He gritted his teeth and fixed his eyes on the Styrofoam box in the seat between them. “When I figure it out I’ll tell you.”
Dean ground his teeth; “—All that well… How—how long have we been,” He swallowed around the word; “Together?”
His hands shake but he searches every one. Every name, every town, every miniscule tiny forgotten thing and what he sees sickens him.
Dean tries to push the box out of sight with the heel of his shoe but Sam's already spotted it.
He sat in silence for a few minutes, hands folded between his knees and when Dean stopped at a red light Cas took a slow breath and started speaking; “Are you suffering an existential crisis?”
Dean swallowed and pressed his tongue up into the roof of his mouth willing the pain away. He forced on a smile, fond, practiced—he’d smiled at hundreds of people like this before and it won them over every time. “Hey… Cas—Cas…” He swallowed again, still tasting something cloying and sweet on the back of his tongue, he squared his shoulders and cleared his throat, scrambling for something believable. “I—I just—uh.”
It rang once—
“Come on, get back over here where I can keep an eye on you,” He pulled on his jacket sleeve.
Okay... Okay.
There are more pictures. Cas in Times Square pointing to the Virgin Records sign. Dean perusing CDs and records. Cas standing beside the Janis Joplin wax replica in a museum looking a little nervous... What was it? Dean knew this, there was supposedly a haunting there. Madam Tu-tu? Something like that.
Sam has a wrinkle between his brows and his pulse jumps erratically in his neck but he doesn't say anything until Dean's already half out the door.
How the other man had managed to say that with a straight face Dean would never understand, he felt heat burst in his face and ears, working quickly down his neck.
“Look it’s late, just get some sleep, man and I—I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?”
Dean swallows it, it tastes like bile; "Sam, I'm sorry."
"Oh, really? Why? What's so damned important that you have to steal from your own mother?"
Sam rolls his eyes, unsurprised; "Who?"
"It's not what it looks like, I didn't have a choice."
Dean chuckled and realized his hands had somehow found Cas’s waist under his jacket he didn’t know when that had happened, but he didn’t pull away once he had noticed it, he didn’t want the guy to think he was suddenly not OK with touching when to Cas, he’d been fine with it for years, last thing he needed was punched again—especially not now that he knew the little guy could conceivably kill him with his own thumb; “Okay… My—boyfriend’s a badass.”
Dean looked at him evenly, still unsure why he’d let him tag along in the first place and watched as he rolled his head on his slim neck, lower lip between straight teeth, brows crooked—It was almost—
"None of it matters, it's still better than anything you had."
“You don’t think—you don’t think that wishes can really—“
Dean calmly rolls down the window, like maybe it's too stuffy, snatches Sam's phone away and tosses it.
Dean tongued the backs of his teeth. How could he break up with a guy he had absolutely no memory of ever asking out?
0-0-0
Dean found it strangely appealing and pulled in, ducking his head to peer up through the windshield at the buildings and high windows darkened in neglect. A stray cat with glowing green eyes darted across the alleyway ahead of him into the darkness but he paid it little mind and parked in a wider area shielded from view of the highway on three sides, drivers wouldn’t see him unless they were looking for him and with the lights off, in this weather he’d be completely invisible.
Cas's hands plucked the bottle away and turned his face so their eyes met. Blue... Soft, warm- Finger tips reverently touching his cheek.
Dean stood and went to each wall in turn, taking in every picture in every frame, in every album set lovingly on the shelves. Filled his brain with images of years of a life he’d always dreamed about, he sat there staring with his hand over his mouth at each picture of Sam and their mother, put together a story in his head built of Kodachrome. Laughed and bit back tears and stared in shock and horror at others. Dear Christ was that his hair? What the FUCK was dad wearing!
There's another monster movie on, A giant brain with eyes is flailing around in a 'lab'. Some infomercial, Thundercats, stock exchange-
Sam-Where was Sam-Samsamsamsam
Dean shuddered, surged up and tried to stand but Cas was heavier than a woman and down they went onto the couch again, foreheads knocking together.
“A bar fight… They—they were going to kill you.”
Something cold drips onto Dean's cheek from above and he sees the shadow shifting just a few dozen feet away. He grabs his brother and pushes him back with a silent order to be quiet. Urges him behind a wall of equipment and debris, forces him to crouch and bends over him watching in sick fascination at what's happening.
"Like Ebenezer Scrooge?"
It was warm, comfortable, smelled clean. Not like cleaning products or a room hastily and halfheartedly disinfected before new occupants arrived, but actually clean. Care and routine kept cleanliness. There was a lingering scent, pizza and popcorn with butter and parmesan, an undertone of something else, familiar but unnamable.
They ate ramen cooked on a one burner butane stove Dean had shoved under his seat. Sam joked cautiously, watched his brother work through a whole bottle of cheap whiskey and half a Gator Aid bottle of that rotgot shit they kept around because it was stronger than peroxide.
He goes out again, sucks it up and sends his mother flowers simply because he's always wanted to. It's almost eleven by the time he figures out where Cas works. He had to do some digging in desk drawers but he found it. He brings him a cheese burger and fries with a coke because that was what he'd been drinking in the picture on the boat.
Dean took another slow drink, staring at him, no light in his eyes now, all shining glass and alcohol and barely hidden heartache; “Yeah… I am—That a problem?”
There aren't many words, fewer conscious thoughts, Dean sees home in his eyes and grips tighter with all his limbs in an effort to keep it where it belongs.
Dean turned away quickly and headed toward the car.
"Well," He knocks imaginary dust of Sam's chest, "I was lookin' for a beer."
"Agreed," Dean balls up the wax paper his sandwich was wrapped in and drops it back into the bag. He wipes his hands clean on his jeans and looks at the clock; "What time do you get out?"
He chuckled, amused by his own reaction and rocked back on his heels holding the trunk open with one hand, the other twirling his keys for lack of more important occupation; “Well, damn.”
Eddy’s mouth quirked to the side; “He’s been kinda sexin’ me with his eyes since you guys got here—“ His hands pop up in an effort to placate what he thinks will be wrath, “Not that I’ve got anything against people like that… I just—It’s a little creepy… He’s like, twice my size and is also kinda scary.”
Dean kept a straight face. He’s not sure how, but he did.
"She thought she was with her father."
Dean took a slow breath, wetted his lips again compulsively.
It burns, pressure- "Cas?"
Oh, yes. That was a dude. A dude in bed with him. A DUDE. Holy sweet baby Monkey Jesus, Dean Winchester was in bed with a man!
Cas's grin is devious and he leans forward quick to steal a kiss before he's at the bookshelf and slotting batteries into his camera. "No penis, no penetration shots, right?"
Cas faced forward, hands on his knees, waited a few seconds and spoke; “I believe you had important business?”
“Romantically or platonically?”
The funny taste could mean she was poisoned. Probably a date rape drug at a party, she wandered off, ran away from the kidnapper, but didn't make it.
“Please…” It’s just a breath, so quiet that if Sam moves the sound is gone.
He's sleepy and heavy limbed and his knees don't seem to wanna quit shaking. "You fucked me stupid, Cas... I-I can't stand up."
Fluttery and white and the little hairs Dean's arms and the back of his neck stood on end.
That seemed unlikely… maybe.
Sam inhales and presses his palms together, "Okay. Look... This isn't a dream, alright? I'm here, with you, now and you are about to kill yourself, Dean."
“What?”
It's nothing urgent, they can have sex if they want, or not. Cas rolls off and leans against Dean's side, holds up the camera and they look at the insanity they've just recorded, make comments and snap a few more.
Cas looks up surprised from his computer, pushes a pair of thick framed glasses up onto his forehead and leans back in his chair a little. "Hey."
"Dean?" His voice was low, rough, quiet-too loud in the silence. His blue eyes were wide, uneasy.
Sam bursts out laughing, “Don’t take it seriously, flirtation is one of his default settings, right between ‘General Overcompensation’ and ‘Smartass’.”
He bit his tongue, clamped his jaws together and turned, arms coming up defensively, eyes wide and staring.
Sam's head thumps back onto the floor in relief; "Dean? What the hell are you doing here?"
"But I'm sure enough-"
His hands shook, fingertips tingling. His hands were shaking and his wrists ached… He rubbed his palms on the legs of his jeans, took a slow breath and turned back to the door. A light clicked on inside and he nearly started pounding his fist on the wood again, the same words bouncing around in the blackness between his ears.
Dean blinked, "Was it good porn at least?"
"Appendix," Cas muttered it, catching Dean's lower lip with his teeth and tugging, brought his hand up to the little spots on his ribcage. "Broken ribs, I was flail chested... they had to wire them back."
He shook his head; “Ha-ha…” A sigh, “You’re drunk, Dean.”
"You didn't pull my hair. You didn't..." His expression closes off and he looks down at his hands, flexes them against his beer and speaks carefully, "This nightmare you had. It wasn't just a nightmare, was it."
"-and I wish to hell I could stay and fix it... But I gotta do this, people's lives depend on it."
"You were happy..."
She says it like it's simple, like it's easy.
Dean's jaw twitches and he looks down where Castiel's feet are in his lap. "I... it feels like I've got a second chance or something."
Sam gapes at him, "What the hell was that, Dean, that was my phone!"
“I need coffee.”
Cas smiled against his lips and Dean’s mind reeled because the sensation left him tingling and he forced on a tightlipped smile as Cas’s hands dipped into the back pockets of his jeans for a little squeeze before he pulled away and shuffled back toward the bedroom, a definite tent in his sweats.
Dean let his breath out in a whoosh, lightheaded and weak in his limbs. Panting for breath and shivering from the intensity of it. His shirt had ridden up and his sweat sticky skin was stuck to the seat. His dick was wet and cold and ached, twitching with aftershocks against his stomach.
At first glance it didn’t look like anything was there, but the farther into the building he ventured the quieter it seemed. Usually abandoned buildings like this were filled with quiet, hidden life. Mice and bats and feral creatures of the sort. Hell, even spiders and moths and birds. Aside from the cat outside and the lone mouse he’d seen upon first entering, there had been no other movement. No plump small furry bodies shifting out of sight between boxes, no fluttering of wings over his head, no crawling spiders in webs… The place seemed… seemed dead.
"I owe somebody money."
Cas hummed low in the back of his throat and pulled the last layer of Dean's clothes aside, eased him out and the air felt cool, maybe a little painful but in a way that could be no better.
He’ll probably wind up with scars, but it works. Calms him… Isn’t helpful in the slightest but until the aftermath of the djinn fades, or until Dean is satisfied he’s just dreaming, it’ll have to do.
He looked, was too shocked and awed not to, saw Cas's pink lips stretched around him, how those blue eyes were shut, lashes just ebony crescents on his flushed cheeks. Not a care in the world.
"Illinois."
The fact Dean is wearing a different shirt after the restaurant scene tells me he spent more than one 'day' under the djinn's power. That's where this chapter came from.
Dean cleared his throat and poked at some crumbs on his plate with the tines of his fork. “Listen… Cas—“
Sam ground his teeth and his feet shifted, ready to spring, watched as the knife turned in his brother's hand and made a low keening noise in his throat.
The djinn hums, rumbles in its throat and sniffs her. Nuzzles into the juncture of her arm and neck, Dean thinks it may lick her and part of him wants to be sick. He wonders what else the djinn does to her.
Drip.
"No-nonononono," There's a vein on Sam's forehead and his hands are shaking, his voice gone high with fright. "That's crazy, alright!"
“I don’t—I don’t know.”
Dean’s fingers tapped out a nervous beat.
Mary was in the kitchen, putting cups and plates in the dishwasher. “Back already?” She paused, lips curling up into a smile when she saw Cas and gave Dean a pointed look of relief; “Why don’t you lie down on the couch for a while… and Dean can help me with the dishes.”
Dean made a rolling gesture with his hand over the texts, as if wafting away smoke; “Yeahyeahyeah, I know, get to the wish part.”
Dean wouldn't mind it if Cas wanted a photo of his dick, he'd be flattered, but they can work up to that. He hums in agreement and crosses his arms behind his head.
He took a few slow, steadying breaths and forced himself to think. He needed answers, needed research. Sam usually did the research but Sam wasn’t answering so he had little choice but to do it himself. He had to know if this was real. Had to know what was happening.
The third time was at the store. She looked mid decay... Again, if she's attached to him location doesn't matter. He's experienced the same things all three times. His hands and wrists have felt bound too tightly, he's reacted to lights turning on in the upper left corner of his vision, dripping water, dark musty places and a funny taste in his mouth.
It's not hard to talk the butcher into it. Guy's unloading a truck of fresh meat for the coming morning with his son. Dean says it's some exotic European blood sausage thing. The Butcher doesn't ask any questions, takes the twenty Dean slips him and continues with his truck.
Castiel's eyes seemed to burn, his fingers flexed, slid under the fabric, down- and pressed IN-
Two or three more songs he shuffled around. Sometimes he’d sing, tilt his chin up and pelt along until he spooked some birds trying to sleep or scared the shit out of a few deer nesting down in the thicket on the opposite side of the road.
"Smartass," Dean tries and the cap flies backward over his head and clatters across the floor.
Dean watched him in the side mirror, distracted by his throat, the freshly bitten fullness of his lower lip and forced himself to focus on his keys instead; “What am I doing? What am I doing…” He let his breath out in a whoosh and glanced left and right before he popped open the trunk. For half a second he thought he’d been robbed. Thought some whacko had broken into his trunk and stolen all his shit. He even reached in and felt around, knocked paper cups and crumpled titty magazines left and right, found a strip of three condoms with one missing and the empty packet still clinging on, shuddered and tossed it behind the spare tire, pulled at the carpet nap in shock and only belatedly realized there wasn’t anything in there because there hadn’t been a need for it. Normal people didn’t have an arsenal in their trunks… and for all intents and purposes, Dean Winchester was now NORMAL. Capital ‘N’ and all.
How is he going to do this without Sam to watch his back?
Dean nodded, lips pursed. “You mean you kicked their asses.”
Dean spouted something off about research and archetypes and the whole time he kept picturing Cas’s mouth and those ‘other things’ he wanted to do to Dean’s balls. The idea of it made him just a little… kinda… maybe… warmnervousanxiousexcited. It was a strange feeling, how his mind went off on its own, conjuring up vivid fantastical images of pink lips and tongues and he’d have to yank the focus back to the present conversation.
Castiel looked at him and it took a few seconds of Dean staring at him and waiting for a response to realize that he was smiling. It was subtle, mostly in his eyes and yeah, OK. Cas is not that bad looking… In fact he’s kind of… kind of OK to look at.
“What’s goin’ on?”
“He died in his sleep, you know that.”
Cas nodded warily.
There's a photo album on the bed when Dean passes by the bedroom on the way to the toilet. It's open but seems to only be halfway full of pictures.
The djinn moves silently, barely visible between the shadows and filth. Dean can only really see him when he steps in front of the girl.
Something hurts in his chest, right between his lungs and up his throat where that sweatbitterrotten taste lingers. So, this is it...
"What?"
Dean feels his stomach do a sick burning twist and he shakes his head. "No... no no, we stopped that crash. What-"
Technically there wasn't much different than when Dean had kissed women. Physically it felt about the same, lips and teeth and tongues, sent the same kind of fire burning low in his belly, the same tightening of need at the base of his mind. While at the same time it was galaxies different. Where a woman would follow his lead most of the time, Cas insisted, guided-Directed the kiss like it was an orchestra or something. Castiel tasted different, under the cheese burger and coke and fries. He was harder, held the potential for something almost violent, but he held it back, was stronger but not rough. Threatened a bite but only scraped with his teeth as he caught Dean's lower lip and tugged on it, nudged with his nose and chin and latched onto the tender flesh behind and under Dean's ear, bit and sucked-
He wants to sleep... his limbs feel heavy.
He touched, put his fingers into the notches of Castiel's spine, allowed star maps to be traced into his skin. Shifted and shivered because nakedness had never felt this vulnerable, watched the play of shadow on pale skin, fingers wrapping around him, slick and sweet and just a little rough with a pulltwist, his hips followed the motion, tensed and rocked and he couldn't look away.
She smelled like oranges and ginger and vanilla ice cream— He’d forgotten how she smelled.
Castiel looked down at it, "Crap," and dabbed at the mess with a napkin-laughed under his breath and pulled it off, chuckling as he put it on backward. "There... Not like anyone pays enough attention to me to notice anyway."
If it were the old Sam he probably wouldn't have heard him coming, as it was this one is a mouth breather with size twelve feet. The baseball bat is a nice touch though. Funny.
He stepped back, hands on her arms and even though his fingers wrapped around them she still felt so big, so invincible; “You’re beautiful.”
“You pissed at me for taking off last night?”
The next page is taken up by another picture and a slot where it looks like a DVD has been but it's not there and Dean isn't going to look for it. Cas is in these photos, lying on the bed pressed in close... kissing him-and he's kissing back. There are no lines of tension on his face, Dean, in the photo-is relaxed, calm, still not quite awake.  It seems luxurious, Normal, sharing drowsy kisses. He's not sure why, but part of him wishes he could remember it happening.
He saw wild dark hair and the person grumbled in a low rough voice, rolled halfway onto their back and Dean was on his feet because that—THAT was a guy.
"I knew something was different. I was afraid you'd finally had enough of me-" His breath hitched and his lower lip quivered, "I didn't believe it at first but... You- You were genuinely hurt last night when we left your mothers. You-I have never seen you like that before... And today in the car-You have never looked at me like that before-It... You've never looked at me like that before, Dean, like you were... were falling in love with me."
"I have a lot of work to do-"
It's a smell you don't easily forget. Putrescence worms its way deep into your sinuses, into your hair and clothes until you're saturated in the stench of it. Like shit and old grapes, the smell of death permeates the spaces around them, the nooks and crannies and hollows of the leaky old building like incense.
He's standing in front of the closet, Cas is asleep in the bed behind him and that girl is between them. There are bodies hanging there between his shirts and Cas's suits, rotting and dripping onto the hardwood...
"That's mom's silver."
“After—“
“I know,” He rubs his palms on his thighs and pulls his lower lip between his teeth; “But I wanted to stay…”
Sam's a few feet behind him, hands in his pockets, every so often he toes over a fallen box or nudges some soggy papers aside. He's unimpressed by this whole experience. "See, there's nothing here, Dean."
Dean drank his own coffee in silence, watched Cas eat, didn’t say anything and tried to find a reason to leave without the other man.
Their breath mingled, shifted until they were simply panting quietly into one another's skin, drifting back and forth lost in the sensation. He didn't say it, his voice had nothing to do with it, he breathed the words into pale skin and dark curls, even though they scared him, but when had he ever not faced his fears.
"No... I'm pretty sure."
Her brows pinched together and Dean thought of Sam, how his brothers did the same thing when he was concerned and confused. He wanted to say something about it, wanted to laugh and—and do something other than just stare at her. Then she pulled him forward; “Well, come inside.”
Drip.
He's tempted to fabricate a badge of some sort. FBI gets answers pretty quickly but he doesn't have the badge, doesn't have the right supplies to pull it off convincingly, so he does what he can, asks around just because he's 'curious'. He misses his box of badges, even that damned uncomfortable monkey suit Sam usually forced him into.
She hesitated, watched him until he’d settled with his elbows on his knees, then shifted closer and formed her hand to his brow. “You sure you’re alright?”
The warm fact of his mother was just inches away, alive and whole and annoyed that he’d woken her up at two in the morning made everything else seem pointless.
Dean looked at her, the tilt to her brow, the creases around her mouth and the words came out more in surprise than actual intention; “Dad’s dead.”
Cas shakes his head, hums and takes a beer for himself, flicks the cap with a snap of his fingers and watches as it tumbles through the air to land in a pickle jar on the coffee table half filled with an assortment of other caps and can tabs.
Dean's still staring at the front of his slacks, cheeks going pink again.
“It’s my problem, not yours.”
"Look, I wanna help you. I-I really, really do, but you're having some kind of," he reaches for his phone, "psychotic breakdown-"
“You’re really bossy!” Yeah, great comeback, Dean.
And she was gone up the steps, clicking the light off after herself.
Dean sees the condom in the garbage can as he passes and stares at it stupidly until he's pushed into the shower and there's a naked man pressed up against his chest, arms wrapped around him and whaddaya know, his arms are full of naked man too. He grins and blinks away the water that runs over his face as Cas turns them into the spray.
"What're you callin' me a bitch for?"
“Lawrence?” He swallowed a knot in his chest; “What the hell…”
Castiel turned his head and for a long few minutes they just looked at one another.
Cas smiles, blushes; "Last year... Your birthday... Why?"
Sam holds out his arms eyes wide, expression disbelieving.
"No-no, I-I got this."
"I'll do it."
Its voice is low, calm, almost soothing and it brushes fingertips against the girl's cheek, "Sleep... sleep."
“Well, the—uh—the djinn, it attacked me—“ He could still feel that deceptively calming touch to his brow and he pushed the sensation backward toward his hair in an effort to ease the itch of it.
He didn’t feel the frame drop from his fingers, didn’t hear the glass break, just turned and moved. Nothing else mattered, nothing else existed. Not even the thought of being kissed and groped by a strange man worried him in that moment. He felt four years old again. Felt angry and shocked and a little scared beyond his wits. He tripped going down the stairs, grabbed the banister and slid onetwothree on his behind before he forced himself up again, breath sawing in and out of his throat, heart beating like a bass drum.
Castiel’s face was a little pale, a little sweaty.
Christ.
"Sam-"
Dean gingerly took the box; “Uh—“
Drip.
Dean’s mouth was dry and his tongue roved over his lips, searching for moisture.
Something sick and icy crawls down Dean's spine and he pushes himself to his feet, ignores the twinge of muscles and in that moment his mind is a wreck, flashing images of his mother and Cas and Sam holding Jessica's hand. That girl in her once white dress crying for her father.
They're on the street in the next picture. Dean's eating a hotdog and there's mustard on his chin, his cheek is pooched out from the food in his mouth and the color is mostly grayed out and cold looking but he looks happy.
The hallway was empty, just a shadow flicking out of existence against the glass.
It twisted something in his chest, it wasn’t this guy’s fault, his concern was real, the emotion was real but he—Well, that was it wasn’t it, HE. Dean had never been attracted to a man before. He’d not even given one more than a passing glance.
“You saved me… The djinn had me pinned down, was trying to put me under,” He breathes slowly, makes sure to keep eye contact; “You stabbed it, then you collapsed,” Sam pulls at the bandages around Dean’s wrist until he can see the bruising, until he can pick curiously at the scabs until he bleeds.
"Budget. How much is it?"
His breath whooshes out and he forces it down, draws in calm from he doesn't know where and breathes it down. He lines every door and window with table salt (It's all there was). Scratches warding sigils on the door and window frames, flips over the area rug and draws a devil's trap on it with a permanent marker he found in the kitchen drawer, slides it to rest right against the front door, tiptoes back into the bedroom and dresses quietly. He's done this before, crept out without waking his bed partner. Has done it to Cas before and it's not fair, but it's what has to be done right now. He needs to get out. He needs answers.
He withdrew with a gasp, pupils dilated and cheeks flushed. "Dean..." His fingers touched, feather light, the center of his brow, over his eyelids, followed them with his lips; "Dean... Dean."
"Yeah!"
Below this are a few more of similar composition taken during dinner. Dean laughing with food in his mouth, Cas just looking at him, beer pressed to his lip, about to take a drink but unable to because he's smiling. Actually smiling. It's small but his eyes are lit up, they look too dark to distinguish their color in this image, but it doesn't matter.
-She's hanging there at the end of the line and while Sam is pinching his nose and staring in horror at what's in front of him Dean's moving toward her.
“Did you not sleep last night?” Dean knew the answer even before the words were out of his mouth.
And when he lifts his head a moment later Castiel's gone. An engine rumbles in the driveway, but it's not the Impala. He pushes himself up and looks out the window, spots Cas peering out the window of a truck as he waits for another car to pass so he can merge onto the street. It's not a big truck, but the engine sounds nice. White with black lines in all the right places. There's a two gallon gas can in the back lashed down with bungee cords and it looks like someone tossed a Bud-Lite can in there too because it rattles around as Cas pulls away.
"What's in the bag?"
Cas's jaw twitched and he reached for the list; "I'll-"
"You're gonna kill yourself-"
The knob of his throat bobbed up and down again, Castiel’s brows pinched together.  “You were in an accident… I pulled you out.”
He doesn’t break anything this time though, just sits there and mumbles.
He looked away, cheeks burning, vision watery and scrubbed his palms on his jeans, eyes searching the room for something to distract himself with, something—ANYTHING because he had to get control of this situation. Had to get control of these weird confusing emotions.
Cas smiles; "That'd be nice... Maybe this time when it's not so cold?"
Dean followed him with his eyes, gave his head a curious shake and fished out a five from his pocket, leaving it peeking from under his coffee cup. He made it to the register just as Cas was taking the Styrofoam container from the cashier, lips compressed politely. He turned and held it out, “About your important business… How can I help?”
"Maybe."
Nobody knows anything.
"In the China Cabinet?" Sam sounds disgusted, turns and finds the light switch.
“Dean?” She blinked in surprise.
Cas took his coffee black with four packets of sugar. He had oatmeal with cinnamon and brown sugar, sausage and two eggs—sunnysideup—and half a piece of toast.
Dean gaped at him.
It's even easier to get in through the dining room window. He slipped the blade of his pocketknife in and flips the latch, pushes up the sash and slides in. He doesn't turn on a light, which probably is why he walks balls first into the corner of the table. Fucking figures.
Everything seems normal at first. Omens have died down for a little while and what work they do find it’s the wrong time of the month for.
Sam swallows audibly and his big feet are suddenly very quiet against the floor. His inspection of the surrounding decay has ceased and he's a very quiet, albeit very large presence at Dean's back.
"Well, we're definitely not in Kansas anymore."
Sam sits there shivering for a moment. "This is real. You're not crazy."
Dean stands there panting, heart in his throat, swallows that infection sweet sludge that coats the back of his throat and flexes his shaking hands open and closed. There's a whimper, soft, pleading-
Sam: ???
“It’s embarrassing.” Cas turned and started pushing the cart further down the aisle, toward the toothbrushes.
“Looks like Cas is here.” He nods to the door, adjusting Jack on his hip—who is currently kicking his legs around trying to run after his dad. “Thanks for letting him come.”
Jack meets Dean’s boss when he arrives. The much older man chuckles deeply, when Jack runs up to him, throws his hand up and says “hello!”
Cas always goes in early to set up and catch the morning crowd. Dean and Jack sleep in on Saturdays and catch up later. That morning, he wasn’t sure if he was relieved when he woke and Cas was already up, dressed, and perched on the end of the bed, tying his shoes, or disappointed.
Dean’s was a tiger, or some fucked up version of one. The original picture did not translate well onto these masks, he was not sure why these things sold anyway. He knew he looked ridiculous if the snort coming from Sam in the doorway meant anything.
“No, he’s definitely married,” James spoke up finally.
“Appreciate it, but can’t. Anniversary dinner tonight.”
Dean rolls his eyes, playfully. But he pulls out his phone anyway. He clicks on the album labelled “Jack-O-Lantern” and starts scrolling through the pictures. He’s never been able to do this before. Sure he sends photos to people, Sam and Eileen, Mary, Jody and Claire. All of them love seeing Jack in between their visits. But he’s never sat there and showed pictures of them to someone who isn’t family. He can’t help but feel the pride bloom inside him when he flips to another photo and Kathryn instinctively “aw”s.
“Hey Sunshine…..Yeah that sounds great, that’s perfect……..And apple pie….What do you mean, it’s always a good time for pie.... Fine…..Deal…..I’ll see you soon. Love you.”
“Sammy?” Liam didn’t remember the taller man ever mentioning a ‘Sammy’. Though they didn’t necessarily talk too much. Liam wasn’t sure why.
“Well, we do have quite the connection. I would say we are like Han and Leia.” Cas kept his attention on his meal. He spoke casually, if he was nervous he didn’t show it.
Dean shifts.
“Babe, subtler ways,” Dean says, ignoring her apparently.
Dean worked so hard to feed Sam, who was there to feed Dean?
Catching up with Cas at the Farmer’s Market is always a feat, with trying to get Jack through all the stalls without him wanting to stop at each one and wanting to buy everything he sees. He always shows up to Cas’ stall arms full of things they don’t really need, and Cas always laughs at him. Dean responds, “You try saying no to him. He’s definitely your kid, this place is his candy store.”
Maybe it’s the pure exhaustion from missed sleep messing with his head, or the comforting idea of knowing Cas will be right next to him when he wakes, but Dean lays down.
“You’re the one who bought the face masks, dude.”
Jack’s sister rolls her eyes and swears, again, under her breath. Which is rather rude.
Sam smiled, “Yeah, and so did you apparently.”
job. It’s pretty fucking clear now, John’s job was to protect them and instead he pulled them along on his crazed revenge mission, leaving them hungry in cold motels instead of tucking them into warm beds with full bellies and security.
“Hmm, no, but it will.”
Jack whispers to Dean, loudly, “It’s Eileen!”
“Well they deserve it,” Dean said. “My buddy Cas had a car like this, though it was a much uglier color. He’s got no taste in cars, but he tries, I’ll give him that.”
“Oh wow,” she turns to Dean. “He’s yours?”
Man, some days he misses being a hunter. He didn’t have to deal with this when he was a hunter. If he did meet somebody, a woman, and they asked about his personal life he’d just lie. But here he doesn’t know what to do.
“Why didn’t you tell me you had a kid?” she punches his arm, goodnaturedly. “And why’d you bring him today? Couldn’t get a babysitter?”
“Sure, but why’d you move in with Cas? Why’d you choose to be here and not your own place? Where you could find somebody to settle down with,” Sam raises an eyebrow and waves his hand suggestively. “Start your own family.”
“Winchester,” the shorter one interrupts this time. “Kline was his mother’s surname.”
Sam reaches forward and grabs the slide of the gun and cleans it. It doesn’t need to be cleaned again, Sam knows this.
Jack begins fidgeting with his jacket again, looking worried.
Dean’s mentioned Cas before, and everytime he just seemed… well he sounded like somebody his wife would hang out with. But Dean said he was his best friend, so maybe he’s reading into it wrong.
“Okay, next. Bert and Ernie.”
“Some more than others.” Maggie looked pointedly at Liam, who was still staring in the direction Dean’s family went.
“But I never had a problem the first time I became human.”
Normal people?
“Oh, Jack.” Maggie confirmed with a nod. Jack? Hannah thought his name was Sammy.
Kathryn continues, undisturbed. “Yeah, Dean. What the fuck. I thought we were friends, and I didn’t even know you were married! Or gay!” she practically yells. “I had to hear from Dale!
Dean turned. “What, are you texting him?”
Dean laughed even louder. “See ya.”
A black vintage looking car pulls up by the curb, the engine is loud and the windows are rolled down. There’s no number on the windshield. A small blonde young woman sits in the driver's seat, she leans over and yells, “Hey squirt! Let’s get going before your dad kicks my ass for stealing Baby.”
She points to the addition. “Did you get a new patch?”
Cas studies him for a minute. He looks at Dean like Dean’s so fucking transparent. “Is this because Sam and Eileen are here?”
Sam looks at him like he's insane. Like that’s not a genuine fear. “What
Sam busted out laughing, he started to cough.
each other.
The hallway is dark, mostly for Cas’ benefit. The wood beneath his feet is cold and uninviting.
He was almost out of the aisle when he realized Cas was no longer trying for his phone, and no longer behind him. Instead, he was staring curiously at a section in the shampoo aisle. “What’cha looking at, Angel?”
Dean turns back to his meal, Kathryn’s sitting forgotten as she proceeds to scroll through his Jack album.
“Dean,” Cas looked so offended, “those don’t say ‘orthodontist recommended’.” His eyes wide.
“Here.” Dean held up a different tube. It was white, and had the name “hello” written across it. It was another watermelon flavour. Dean smiled gently. “I think Jack uses this brand.”
“Well I’m sure you’re a great dad, too.”
Sammy turns a shade of pink as Dean laughs. “Oh, you big sap.”
“My point” she slid the book over and highlighted
Alarm bells are going off in her head. "Uh... No."
“Thanks, feel like shit.” Neither Dean nor Cas found their way back to bed that morning. He had insisted Cas try to catch a few more hours before Jack woke up, but he refused.
“Ah well if he’s chained down you can’t blame him.” Dean gave him a confused look. Liam must have pulled him out of a deep thought. “You got a wife?”
“Sure, Jack,” Dean smiled. “After dinner though.”
“It doesn’t really matter.” Dean grabbed a pack of ten that had the best deal and tossed them into the cart.
he doesn’t say it but communicates with a look.
Cas Scribbled out
Emma neatly stacks the worksheets as her little students file in. All bundled up for the change in weather. Their colorful themed backpacks that are almost as big of them are being neatly set in their cubbies with their corresponding names. Teaching kindergarten wasn’t always her first choice but she is so glad it’s where she ended up.
When she was able to speak, she did compliment the meal.
Dean clears his throat, avoiding the previous topic. “So, uh, I asked my boss if Jack could visit on Monday.”
When Cas speaks it's barely above a whisper. “My grace.”
A few days ago, Cas had replaced the sticks and leaves with a small mint plant. Jack was ecstatic.
filthy
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't mention it, kiddo," Eileen said signing along, eith a chuckle.
A small smile broke out on the ex-angel’s face, “You’re a complicated man, Dean. You seldom let me in. So, I have given up trying to understand every single part of you. I am more than content knowing the parts you are willing to share.”
“Of our youth?” Cas asks, “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Oh, and dying and getting taken to a place filled with nothing but your worst regret is a cakewalk then?” Cas rolls his eyes.
“That our Dad was raging homophobe but that’s not new is it?” Dean retorts with a snort.
“Like I said, you were nowhere near as discreet as you thought.” Sam trying to sound taunting and light-hearted, but failing.
“Too much skin the game, kid,” Bobby said taking a sip from his beer, “Cas is the lesser of the two ijits, no offense.”
he thinks to himself. He closes his eyes. All of this is far too painful to watch, even though he knows that he deserves it.
Cas opens his mouth and then closes it. He does it twice more. In the end, settles for a curt nod.
So, he exhales, gathers his guts up, and adds, “I’d give you the stars if you asked, sunshine. But you gotta ask.”
“Yeah!” Dean replied with a matching one, “I swear if I hadn’t been with Cas when you were… made… I wouldn’t have believed you weren’t his kid. You’re a spitting image of him.” Dean paused, taking another sip from his glass. “But it wasn’t just that; you were like him in every fucking way possible. You were this awkward, dorky little guy and all you wanted to do was help people. You were a good kid, and all I did was give you shit because I couldn’t look at you and not…”
“You are?” Jack asks.
you to know that you’re the fucking sun. You’re fucking untouchable, Cas. You’re a goddamn wonder. Don’t let a repressed high-school dropout make you believe otherwise…” Dean is crying too now. He is terrified, his hands are shaking and his vision is blurry but he’s too afraid to move, because the moment he does, he loses Cas. He wants to hold on just a few seconds longer. It’s selfish, he knows. But he’s only human.
“Are there going to be pancakes?” All the boys looked back at the door to find Eileen.
“That sounded like an accusation, that’s not how I meant it. I just meant… I—I just,” He adds hastily, “I thought… Actually, I wasn’t thinking, honestly. I didn’t even think the news would reach you,” Cas confesses, his voice small and lost.
“Really?” Claire sounds surprised and ecstatic. Cas on the other hand just looks disquiet, and just nods in response, before walking off.
Dean's smile fell. “Touché”
, again,” Jack said with a smirk.
Cas was crying too now, “It roughly translates to
“Yeah, I’m pretty fucking hard to forget,” Eileen said smirking.
“I don’t know? I think you’ll fare better if you focused your efforts somewhere else,” she replied with a knowing smile.
The silence, Jack feels is deafening.
other way, I wouldn’t have said anything but the world needed saving and you, Sam and Jack were the only ones who could save it. But more than that... I will always,
Dean waved his hand, in defense, “I know, I know. I heard it the moment I said it, alright?”
“Yeah well, you weren’t too wrong. I had sacrificed my greatest love, told myself I couldn’t have it. You just got the ‘who’ of it all wrong.”
“Research,” Dean answered. He shut the book in front of him and took another sip from the glass. He watched Jack pour his cereal and milk, and a small smile crept back onto his face. This kid. “Are you supposed to be eating that?”
“Why wouldn’t I be worried?” She asks, affronted.
“Fine. Fine. Yes. Sure. Whatever you want, kid,” Dean throws his hands up in surrender. Jack smiles and so does everyone else.
“What the fuck, Donna?” Dean exclaims holding the bucket up, “You’re a grown-ass woman! Stop throwing shit at me.” Donna just shrugs in response. Dean rolls his eyes.
“See? I’m not untouchable. And perhaps, you are a repressed high-school dropout but you are my repressed high-school dropout…” Cas gives a small smile.
“I—I’m not sure I’m welcome home… I'm not even sure I have one,” Cas sounds so fucking lost that Claire considers just running over to wherever he is and hugging him. Her angsty adult routine be damned.
Sam breathed heavily, “Yeah, yeah. Miracle. Sounds perfect,” he said as he continued petting her, nuzzling her, where she was resting in his arms.
“I am trying too, Dean… But you’re making it way too hard.”
“Why do you know Russian?” Jack asked confused. At the same time, “We aren’t gonna actually make the damn deal. It’s just the distraction, Dean,” said Sam.
“Dude!” Sam protested, weakly through his chuckles.
Cas seemed very pleased with himself.
A smile broke out on Cas’s face.
Jack walks up to the three men, stands next to Dean, opposite to Sam and Cas. He cautiously looks around before he begins, “So, um. I might have overheard the conversation… A little. I know, I know. I’m sorry but it wasn’t intentional. Anyway, what I wanted to say is that maybe I have a solution.”
“Remember when I drank alcohol for the first time?” Cas asks calmly. Too calmly.
“Of course, he’d say that. He’s the reason I have to hide the gifts in the first place.”
“Huh. I guess I lost track of time,” Dean replied running a hand over his face.
Dean watches Sam shift, reshape his thoughts before he begins again, “John was a fucking asshole.” Dean is taken aback, hearing Sam swear is such a rare sight, that too with so much hatred laced with every word, Dean can’t stomach it that easily. “But you are not him. You are a good man, who was never driven by revenge and vengeance to hunt. You used to hunt because you wanted to save people, help them. John was just plain fucking angry. But again, you are not him. And that’s exactly why you cannot continue letting that dead asshole define your life, control it. Trauma is generational. It can be passed down and more often than not, it is. But the thing about the cycle of trauma is that, at some point, it becomes your responsibility to break it. Or at least that’s what I believe.”
There’s a pause and then, “I did actually need your help with the napkins though. I’m standing outside the shop. The woman at the counter showed me twenty-seven different shades of the same damn color. It was infuriating.” Cas says frustrated.
Castiel knew he was going to have to bite the bullet, “Well, you’re
Castiel takes a minute. He runs his fingers in small comforting circles on Dean’s waist, mostly because he
Sam smiles.
Sam barrelled on, “-he is probably the only thing, other than Jack, whose soul doesn’t have a set destination. Like Jack, Jesse’s part human, so he could still make it into heaven.”
“I'm trying here, alright? You gotta say something, buddy,” Dean whispers, hoping it isn’t the wrong thing to say. He is walking on eggshells. Eggshells that he laid down himself but eggshells nonetheless. And by the way that Cas’s jaw clenches by just a fraction, it's proof that he has in fact said the wrong thing. “Sweetheart?” Dean urges.
Jack smiled softly, “You don’t have to make it up to me Dean. You apologized and I forgive you. That’s enough.”
,” Cas sounded only a little offended.
Dean had come too far to face accept defeat now. Cas was in his arms, right there, and he was never letting him go. “I will keep coming back, and waking you up, making as much noise as possible, again and again, and again… till the day I die. I’m not leaving him here. Fuck that! I’m not leaving him, period.”
“Always, Dean.”
So, here’s how it went; in the end, it all came down to one ex-blood junkie, one drop-out with six bucks to his name, a half angel kid and Mr. Comatose. Team Free Will 2.0 against the biggest big bad they had ever faced, God Himself.
“What do you know, so far?” Dean asks, words laced with guilt and worry.
Cas nods.
“Aziraphale? Did you die out there?” Claire asks but receives no reply again. “Cas?” She screams.
She pulls out baby wipes from the glove box, pulls some out, and then passes the box to Cas, who does the same.
“Everything. And I am not exaggerating. I'm scared, Dean… I think they’re all too—”
“Sam, come on,” Dean interjected. “I have a right to be pissed off. And if he can’t handle that, then he shouldn’t have  done something so fucking stupid in the- “
“I know a guy,” Jack replies.
“Dean?” Sam called again.
"Don't," Dean warned as he poured the batter again.
“I’m running out of money to live at the motel,” Cas replies distantly.
“That’s what you get for scheming, you dirty schemer,” Dean retorts muttering.
“Or maybe a God himself,” Kaia pondered aloud.
They drove in silence for a while as the rain got heavier.
Sam has to take a moment to take it all in. They get to have this. And he feels incredibly lucky to be able to witness it.
It was a week later and Sam and Cas were buying groceries at the store.
Everyone snickered.
Dean cannot fucking breathe.
” Cas scrunches his nose as he uses actual air quotes, and Dean will never admit it but that makes him fall just a little more in love with Cas.
“Cas, buddy, you got your ears on? I gotta talk to you, man. Where are you?” he prayed, desperation seeped into every word, for the first time in two months and nineteen days. He prayed for the first time since Purgatory. He prayed to his Angel, and for a moment he swore, the tranquillity he felt in the sheer act of it was too much to bear.
Dean laughs now, “You’re not in trouble, kid. Besides, you’re God, not like I could put you in much trouble, now could I?”
“I know. Not what I asked.”
“Dude you’re literally wearing my dad,” Claire deadpans.
Cas waves a dismissive hand, “No. I understand, Dean.” Cas pulls out a beer from the fridge, opens it, and takes a sip. “I got too carried away with what I wanted. I’m really sorry, my love. That wasn’t my intention. I just-”
September 18
Sam laughs at that, “Where’s Dean?” He can imagine his brother getting annoyed at just the prospect of it all.
Dean suddenly remembers tragedy
“I mean, we probably got the memo before you did. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you still use carrier pigeon as your preferred means of communication.” Claire seemed unbelievably proud of her insults as she sat on a table in the War Room. Kaia was sitting in front of her, with Claire’s legs resting in her lap. Jody and Jack sat across from them, next to Donna. Bobby was at the head of the table, his legs on the table, leaning back on his chair, dangerously close to falling but calm as ever. Sam sat next to Kaia and Claire, with Eileen on his lap.
my father… Long story short, basically he kinda triggered this memory of John calling me disgusting for being the way that I am.”
“Wait, like real names for each other?” Claire asks, confused, but remains focused at the task at hand. “Like Steven or Henry or something?”
“Oh, I almost forgot. Are we also throwing the bachelor parties?” Claire asks calmly as she continues digging.
“Is there a reason you couldn’t do that in your room?” Dean asked walking over to the driver’s seat, leaning down, and sticking his head in through the window with arms resting on the door.
They left the next morning with perfect smiles on their faces.
“Did something happen?” Sam asks cautiously. Now Dean’s trying to decipher what approach Sam’s chosen.
would make him laugh if it didn’t make him want to weep. He didn't think he could stand hearing those words from anyone else. But somehow they sounded absolutely
“Nothing,” Sam saw Dean cock his brow, “Just happy that you finally got your head out of your ass. That’s all.” Sam closed the book he had in his hands, setting it aside.
“You gotta ask for what you want,” Dean looks at Cas, hoping his eyes convey that he’d bring Cas the stars if he ever asked for them.
“To save, as you like to put it, ‘your very fine ass’,”
Sam just shrugs. “She was more reasonable than most of the bad guys we fought?”
“You still have this?” he asked, voice thick with emotion.
Cas blushes. She realizes he’s changed even more now. “Like I said, I’m not comfortable talking about those things with you,” he says shyly.
Dean looks up at that. “I called him disgusting, for being…”
from eternal torture. Was Dean really worth all that? Could he ever be?
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean sounded exasperated.
Dean had never been a religious man; the luxury wasn’t awarded to him when his life was filled with so much mayhem. He couldn’t believe in a higher power because that would mean someone out there was enjoying his pain, using it for entertainment. And that felt far worse than the alternative of the absence of inherent goodness. His denial was futile though. God was real and just as cruel and capricious as Dean hadn't wanted Him to be.
“He said he was sorry for bailing. And then he asked if I could pick up some of his stuff for him if I’m already here, at the bunker.”
Sam huffs, “I didn’t screw up the spell. We—I don’t know, we might have missed something?” He looks up from the table at the centre of the library to Jack.
Eventually though, after sorting out the whole mess (using a lot of fake FBI badges and several phone calls from Jody and Donna calling in favors) they all make it back to the bunker. Everyone picks a room and turns in for the night, exhausted yet smiling.
Jack smiled gently, shyly. He looked up to Dean, always will. Becoming all-powerful wouldn’t change that.
“You can ask,” Cas says after a while.
“You were just, willing to bet your life on the fact that I don’t- I wouldn’t feel the same? You were
Well fuck, Sam didn’t know that. He thought he had been winning fair and square.
for as long as you want it to be. So, if you’re trying to leave on our account, just... don’t. Just, stay? Okay?”
“How does it
“I’m not interested.”
“You wouldn’t be disappointed in me?”
Sam smirked, “Told you, it was a good one, didn’t I?”
The ringing dies again.
“That’s cheating, Jack. I taught you better than that.” Sam huffed.
“Asshole,” Dean throws back.
Claire cuts him off, “I don’t know what happened, but I need you to understand, I cannot let you hurt him again. I can’t. I care about you, just as much as him. I do. But the only reason he agreed to meet you today was probably for me. He’d do anything for me and I keep making him do whatever I want, as selfishly as possible. And right now, my selfish ass needs you to
“Do you need to stay in charge? Like, is the world going to fall apart if you give up the seat? Cause Chuck fucking dipped and we were absolutely peachy without Captain McDouche. So, if you left, would everything be okay?” Dean asks, hopeful and confident.
“You were just jealous,” Dean chided.
“Hey, you guys helped me out when no one else was going to. Everyone saw me as a weapon to be used or destroyed but you both saw a lost kid. I owe you one, and if that means I get to play Luke Skywalker for a bit, I don’t mind.”
"Wow, touchy," Sam smirked.
Longest one yet. I cannot apologize for it tho. It was necessary.
I genuinely love this one.
Dean’s pout is back, “I need a reason to kiss my man?”
“Phallic? Like what?” She asks.
“Why the fuck do you think I’m here?” Dean really isn’t done with the balking.
“Marry me, angel?” Dean asks softly. “Will you? In front of all our friends and family, with a big ceremony with all the flowers and table cloths in the world. Will you?”
“As your kid?” Claire asks plainly.
“Dad, though... he would’ve fucking reamed our asses if he saw us now,” Dean said. He looked utterly unbothered by the statement and Sam thought maybe this wasn’t a change made in a day, but a change made over the course of years, and maybe Sam had missed it in the midst of all the chaos.
“Hey there, sunshine,” Dean whispers softly as he slips into the bed next to the said Adonis, lying on his side, now both men face to face.
the reason for Dean’s torment.
“Shut up,” Dean mumbles and pulls Cas in by the neck and crashes their lips together, devouring
Also, watch The Princess Bride, I promise you won't regret it.
“Cause it’s you, kid.”
“Are you sure that’s what you’re here for?”
Sam looked him in the eye, “Yeah, Dean. She was pretty happy, I think. Proud even,” A smile broke onto his face as he added, “She always told you angels were watching over you, didn’t she?”
Cas is silent for a moment. And then, “You can call him.”
“How do you still do that, angel?” Dean asks.
“You’re right.”
God, this stupid, adorable, perfect ex-angel, “Who else would I have thought you were retiring with? Chris Evans?” Dean retorted.
“Sure man.” Sam said, “Guy saves my ass over a hundred times, least I can do is let him call me ‘Sammy’.” They made their way to the cashier and checked out.
Deafening, earth-shattering, seemingly unending silence.
“Dude,” Sam chuckles, “you gotta give me a little more context.” Sam tried taking a bite out of the burger patty only to spit it out.
Castiel turns to face Dean, the angle makes it so, that his lips line up perfectly with Dean’s forehead. “Well, I suppose it has something to do with the fact that you’re the only religion I’ve had since I first held you in my arms in hell,” Castiel lips touch Dean’s forehead as he speaks.
“Oh, fuck off, you smug bastard. Confessing to me was literally, and I mean
Dean mirrors the motions and sits opposite Sam. He removes the ice pack, checks to make sure the bleeding has stopped. Once his nose is as fixed up as it's going to get, he breathes heavily. He’s stalling, he knows. But he’s ashamed; so fucking ashamed and so fucking scared. This is Sammy; Sammy who's always looked up to Dean. Even though Dean was a shitty, broken man, Sam admired him all the same. Will he admire him still?
“You going on a date? Where to?” Sam asks with trying his best not to smile.
“Or you screwed up with the spell,” Dean chides.
“It was Cas’s idea. And I won!” Dean brags and Sam watches Cas’s face sour completely. “You are my first choice.”
trickled in slowly.
“Yeah, spill the beans, boys. Who was it?” Jody asked.
“Are not.”
, but because of his innate desire to save people, help others. Somewhere along the way, while fighting monsters and saving the world, his brother and his best friend made him realize that he wasn’t defined by
“Excuse me?” Jack replied, confused.
“It’s that easy?”
to be temporary. Because the only thing that solidifies something as a good (or bad) time is the ending of it. So, when Dean realizes, he’s having a good time, there is a part of him; the part that has been trained since he was four years old and watched his house burn down– engulfed in flames taking his mother and father (even if only in essence) all at once– that something might just go horribly wrong.
The room goes silent again.
“Would be pretty awkward if I weren’t,” Dean joked.
Cas runs a hand over his face while the other sits on his waist. Jack realizes that it’s Cas’s signature, ‘I’m so done with this’ pose. “That’s exactly my point, Dean. Everything we do, and everything we have ever done; all of it means nothing.”
“I don—I don’t understand—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, Sammy?” Dean asked, not looking around. He was so fucking hungry.
“I don’t know what you want from me, Dean,” Castiel said exasperated.
“Alright, alright,” Dean throws his hands up in defense. “Best out of three, okay?”
Dean can hear his phone ringing.
“You know, when I went to tell Sam about… about how I was hopelessly in love with you,” Dean pauses, lets out a soft chuckle. “You know what he said to me?” He asks.
“No, no. It was Dean, he bought a ring around four months ago,” Jack interrupted.
, try my best to save you; no matter what. And as for apologizing for how I feel, especially when I don’t intend to stop feeling that way, seems more than disingenuous. It’s disrespectful, to both you and myself. So, while I understand that it makes you uneasy, the most I can do is assure you that I don’t expect anything from you. I am more than content, happy even, with silent drives in the Impala through random backroads while listening to music... And I can offer to pretend like it never happened so we can just go back to how things were…” he sighed, before adding with hesitation laced with every word, “or at least, I hope we can…”
“I’m glad as well, then.”
Cas laughs heartily. Sam doesn’t get to see Cas like this often, but whenever he does; he understands why Dean would’ve burnt the world for him.
“This really isn’t the sort of task you should be putting secondary to any other,” Cas chides, he sounds like a father exhausted with his incorrigible daughter, Claire thinks. The lack of any actual heat to the retort somewhat proves her belief.
“I am, comes with the whole being an orphan thing,” Claire counters, nonchalant, “Tell me how you met or whatever.”
Dean suddenly looked unbelievably lost, “I’m an asshole, Cas. I’ve got issues up the fucking wazoo and I said those fucking awful things. I treated you like trash, like you wer- like you were fucking expendable, man,” he screamed, “I’m a horrible broken stupid man, who ruins everything he touches; why the fuck would you give up your grace for me, give up your life for me?”
“Okay,” Cas replied, with resignation.
Cas just shrugs in response but won’t meet Dean’s eyes.
“You’re my sunshine, sunshine. You know that, don’t you? You have to know that… plea—please. Okay? You don’t want to take me back that’s fine. It’ll probably kill me, but I’ll take it. Fuck me! I deserve it. But I
“If I’m marrying the most devastatingly handsome man ever, I gotta have me a big fucking shindig, Cas… But that’s only if the most devastatingly handsome man says yes…”
“We're not idiots, you know?” Eileen chided him like he wasn't some 40 something seasoned hunter, but a sassy 7-year-old know it all.
“I love you, angel.”
“I’m around.” Jack replied, “I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows and, in the sand, and the rocks and the sea.”
“How it is?” Cas asked, distraught.
A moment passed.
Dean just stares at them for a second and then, “I don’t know! Jack said he was scared, all I needed to hear, alright? Can we please get there before we have to find ways to scrounge up bail money?”
Castiel’s mind finally caught up and began kissing him back. And they were off. The world stood still, as both of them poured in ten years of love, of devotion, of care and pining into the kiss. They were holding onto each other for dear life; Dean's hand around Castiel’s waist, Castiel’s clutching onto Dean’s jacket. They kissed each other like they needed it to live, and they probably did. They kissed and kissed until they finally had to breathe. They broke away but didn’t pull apart. Dean rested his forehead on Castiel’s and smiled again.
And because she doesn’t know how to deal with that (absolutely not new) revelation, she says, “You’re such a fun guy. No wonder Dean wanted to put a ring on it.” She can practically hear Cas rolls his eyes, so she adds, “Careful! Don’t roll ‘em too hard, they’ll get stuck, and then how will you make heart eyes at you beau?”
But wait, that was a younger, more brash Dean, which he is not.
“Jack-“ Castiel tried.
“Happy Birthday, son.” Dean patted Jack’s back. And after a poignant pause, a phone began ringing.
“Why?”
three, got it?” Dean asks, sounding frustrated.
“Yes.”
Dean grumbles in response. Castiel can’t help himself but smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He doesn’t have a sugar addiction, Dean.” Cas defended, signing at the same time. Sam wondered if he should ask Cas to teach him ASL.
So, Dean tries, “I didn’t mean those things… Of course, I didn’t… Cas—You gotta know—You gotta understand”
“I didn’t think Dean would have the nerve to actually pop the question,” Kaia said.
Dean bolted.
And if you wake up at the ass crack of dawn, upset and fucked up, and ask for a distraction, I will always be there to take you for a drive. I’ll do my best, Cas. I’ll give you whatever you want, but you gotta promise me one thing…”
“Meh,” Sam shrugs, “It’s fine, I was drinking demon blood… I’m pretty sure that’s as abominable as you can get.”
Dean looks back at them, his family; small, a little patched up but all in all, pretty damn perfect. He knows it’s real, believes it with every ounce of his being but doesn’t quite remember how he got here. Multiple concussions over years and years of hunting would do that to you, he supposes. Nevertheless, he’s once again reminded of how glad he is.
“Are not!” Jack said leaning on the table.
“What is it, Dean?” Jody asks.
Cas takes his hand that’s resting on Cas’s cheek and pulls it away and Dean can hear his heartbreak.
Their lips meet softly, but with passion unbidden. They move around each other as if they want to become one, which in a way they are or at least, will be in a few hours. Dean gently licks Cas’s lips, asking permission for entrance which Cas grants with a filthy yet divine moan. Their tongues meat and swirl, their hands restless, moving around, tracing each other’s bodies as much as they can while still dressed in restricting jeans and plaid. Cas pulls at Dean’s hair, and Dean cannot help but let out a guttural groan, pushing in further. He brings his hand to the fine curve that is Cas’s ass, pulling him into himself. Their crotches brush against each other in the process and both of them pull away, only a little, to moan out loud. They both want to dive back in, but both know if they do, they won’t stop.
Castiel smiled at the sentiment, “I’ll try my best, fiancé.”
“Why?”
The silence stretched on.
“I know, Dean but…” Jack said, his thoughts muddled. “I have responsibilities now… With these powers… I should be hands-off. I am God.”
“No man, seriously, which one?” Dean asked jovially. “And why?” he added after a pause.
Only for a moment, and then it rings again.
“What?” Claire defends. “He’s got all this power in the world and he can’t tell us where you are?
Sam feels the severity of this stupid rock, paper, scissors game is palpable enough for everything to move in slow motion. He watches as Dean throws paper again to Cas’s rock. He watches as Dean throws several punches in the air and exclaims in joy. He watches as Cas groan and pulls at his hair. He watches as Dean smiles with absolute joy and pulls Cas’s face into his hands give him a loud, obnoxious kiss right on the lips.
“And if someone like that thinks you’re worth it, you must be?” Eileen supplied.
“Then do it!”
“You drive a hard bargain, man,” Sam said, already walking back to the aisle.
“Good god, Cas. Didn’t think
All Sam could do was chuckle in response. “He’ll come around,” he said after a while.
“It really isn’t” Dean insisted, “Come on, ask for something.”
Cas’s hands which were making their way onto Dean’s shoulders retreat with a flinch.
“What happened?” Sam asks calmly, as he pulls a chair and sits down.
They smiled in response.
“Claire.” Jody and Castiel chastised in their signature ‘Mom voice’ again.
Jack’s face lights up. “I would really like that. Thanks, Dad.”
unthinking and automatic
At that Cas presented tickets to Disneyland to Jack. And the responding smile Jack gave was absolutely brilliant.
Cas shrugs, “At least, I’m not multi-tasking with your life on the line.” He turns around and begins walking back to her Chevy Camaro.
“Yes,” Jack says, not understanding. Upon seeing Cas’s expression however, “Oh wait, you’re being sarcastic. Sorry. I—I know this seems like too big of a risk to take all because I don’t want to shoulder this responsibitlit—”
And there it is. Again.
“I’ve made peace with it.”
Both Sam and Jack had a pleasant smile on their faces. Dean, however, was only just catching up.
And then he pulls out a file from his jacket pocket and puts it on the table.
“For the longest time, I thought I would never get to grow old. I was sure I was going die on the job, on some hunt gone wrong. But, clearly, I was wrong. I can finally let go, you know? I’ve paid my dues; I’ve done my time. Now I get to finally rest, and there’s no one I’d rather do that with, than you. Exactly twelve years ago, you pulled me out of hell and you’ve been saving my ass ever since. We’ve been through the worst moments of our lives, together. I think- I think I wanna balance it out by going through the best moments of our lives, together as well. I- I know, that’s a much shorter time for you now than before… b- but I promise I’ll love you enough to make up for the eternity you had to give up. You’re it for me, Cas. You’ve always been it for me.” Dean realized then; he was crying. He sighed, collecting himself, “Marry me, angel?”
“Maybe,” Sam said. “But isn’t that selfish? Wanting him around to feel a sense of redemption, wanting him around as incentive for my brother?”
“In the Impala?” Dean asked, softer now.
Castiel couldn’t help himself, he started laughing.
Dean just nodded silently, taking another swig. “So, I’m sorry. For back then but more than that, I’m sorry for what I said about…”
She hears a sigh of relief. Again, why the fuck is he scared?
As Crowley had put so eloquently once,
“I will always,
Claire takes a moment to think it over, “Not tonight,” she replies. “Tonight, I wanna reminisce too. Come on! Tell me all the weird stories of the adventures of your youth.”
“I… I just… It’s too much. It’s so much power. I never know if I’m using it right or wrong but more than that it’s the absolute nature of the power. Why should anyone even have the right to write people’s destinies? Why, if there is free will, is there a need for a God at all? Why can’t people just choose? I never know what I’m supposed to do with all this power. I just… I never know if I’m right or wrong or just selfish...” Jack sounds lost and Dean’s heart clenches for the kid.
“What have you done?” The Empty screamed, falling to its knees.
“Back then?” Cas asks sarcastically, “Yeah sure. But now? No! We’ve seen and done far worse. In retrospect, I think that was quite tame.” Cas laughs.
Sam huffed in response, "Couldn't have pranked you if you knew, could I?" He added grumbling.
“Dean says sometimes you gotta fight dirty to get what you want.”
“Cas!” Claire whined.
“I want to retire,” Cas stated simply, still pacing.
This is technically the end.
Jack is silent for a moment.
couldn’t be
For context, the promise that Sam is referring to is present in earlier work in the series.
Not the other way ‘round. Whose side are you on anyway?” Dean asked annoyed.
“Well. I did. And… I’ll get help. I think it’ll be good,” Dean says with a small smile breaking out on his lips.
Is all he could say.
Dean wants to throw back at him with a snicker, “
Sam let out a wet chuckle. “Of course. I love her. I love you. God…” He leaned down and kissed Eileen gently, “Thank you.”
TRIGGER WARNING: USE OF HOMOPHOBIC LANGUAGE, USE OF SLURS, INTERNALIZED HOMOPHOBIA, AND MENTIONS OF TRAUMA.
“He was looking for apartments,” Sam cut him off again and this time Dean fell silent. He felt his heart stop and he was sure; Sam could probably hear it. Sam for his part, kept arranging the groceries like he hadn’t just stabbed Dean right through his gut. “He was so sure that we wouldn’t want him around, now that he didn’t have ‘his mojo’, now that he was human... that he wanted to move out. You keep pushing him, Dean. You keep pushing him without any rhyme or reason and expect him to just understand, knowing full well that he was a fucking Angel for Christ’s sake. He might not show it but he feels more than we do. I mean, you don’t rebel against Heaven unless you really
“I think this is the part where you congratulate us,” Castiel supplied.
“We never had a Dad, Dean. Well, you didn’t, I did. I had you.” Sam says calmly as if he’s stating simple facts and not ripping Dean in half with softness and kindness that Dean feels too unworthy to accept. “I think Dad never made it out of the damn house that night. I think he burned with Mom. But unlike me, you knew him before that. You knew him when he wasn’t John Winchester, Major General Asshole; you knew him as Dad. So, when you lost it all you wanted something familiar to hold onto. That’s not a crime, Dean. You were a kid, raising a kid. You wanted to be normal but couldn’t, so you settled for whatever you had. And that’s okay, dude. More than okay… But, now…” Sam exhales.
The thought stops him cold.
“Jesse Turner,” Jack replies.
“Is everything okay? Are you hurt? Is anyone hurt?” Dean rushes to find the keys.
“Doesn’t matter what I know. I asked
“What!” Claire exclaims, annoyed at the men now.
"Happy Birthday, Sammy."
“We- Bert and Earnie?” Dean looks so offended Sam has to laugh, “At least make it a little sexy, we’re pretty fucking sexy. Why can’t we be Thelma and Louise?”
Dasvidanya.
“Part of it was that, yes” Sam answered. “But also, I don’t know… He was so infallibly good, you know? He was always trying to be good. Even when he went behind our backs and let out the Leviathans- “
Cas stills, only for a second. And it’s that second that makes Claire understand that Cas knows her too well by now, because a second later he’s back to normal and asks, "You'd want to come to mine as well?"
“You can’t be shit at being queer, Dean…” Claire says confounded, “It’s who you are, how the fuck can you be shit at being yourself?”
Dean exhales slowly and counts again, “One, two, three.”
Castiel laughs a small laugh, “I hope not; I called you an abomination.” He takes a sip from his own glass.
“I can return them back to the universe, most of it wasn’t mine to begin with. If Amara agrees, I’ll let go. It’ll just… get absorbed back into every living thing, you could say.” Jack replies, patiently.
It catches Dean off guard because last time it rang Dean was still in Lawrence, and that feels like hours ago. Maybe because it was hours ago. Dean realizes he has been driving for so long with nothing but the thoughts inside his head that he hadn’t even noticed that the sun had set. Where is he? He doesn’t really know. He can only see an unending stretch of road with nothing but fields surrounding him. But he sure as shit ain’t in Lawrence anymore.
She looked at him with concern but then it melted into a smile, “Did you check the garage?”
Before Castiel could reply.
“Come on! What is it?” He sounds irritated.
Sam feels painfully guilty then. All the shit they’d put her through and all she wanted was to spend time with her nephew. He can see the same guilt shine in Dean’s eyes as well.
“Sam said you were looking for apartments,” Dean replied, still distracted.
“I mean, I wouldn’t be the best person to answer that question. I kinda fought against all of it so… I am not fond of it, but if you’re the one calling some of the shots, I’m okay with it,” Dean answers.
“Bruised egos are easier to heal than guilty consciences,” Cas says decisively.
Team Free Will had work to do.
“Lisa,” Castiel supplied, with a hint of confusion. Wasn't it obvious? “You were quite happy there, and she too asked for you to make a choice. Did she not?”
“What if we wanna see you? You know, have a beer or whatever?” Sam asked with hope and a tinge of desperation.
When he received pointed looks from the couple, he sighed, looking back at his lover, who was still pacing, and said, “Fine! I won’t.”
"Keep making googly eyes at him, you'll be the one burning something," Sam teased.
Dean smiled brightly and replied honestly, “Perfect.”
And guess what? They won.
“That’s way too much sugar, Cas. You gotta stop indulging Jack like that. You’re spoiling him.” Sam said, exasperated.
He walked into the kitchen expecting to find it empty but was greeted with the sight of Dean, with a book on the table and a glass of what was most probably whiskey in his hand.
Claire ruffles his hair, laughing. Only to be met with inaudible grumbles from Jack. “Yeah yeah, whatever you say, loser.” She stands up from the chair, facing Jack at eye-level from where he’s sitting on the table, his hand still resting flat on his side afraid of ruining Claire’s masterpiece. “Well, you’re all done.” She squishes his cheeks much to his protests, “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
“I came here to apologize,” Dean replies softly.
Castiel chuckled.
Dean pulls his face out of Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s breath still catches as he watches his man look utterly fucked out yet completely serene.
“I didn’t mean it like that, man,” Dean consoles.
“Happy Birthday, my love.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s knuckles are white. He is craving a stiff drink of whatever the fuck can make him forget what he finally remembers. But he knows the more he relies on something else to help him keep going, the more likely he is to lose Cas, to lose himself. So, he soldiers on. For Cas, but also for himself.
They weren’t made up. They were never made up. They were just buried deep down in my screwed-up little head, so I could carry on worshipping that man like he hung the goddamn moon. Cause otherwise—otherwise, I’d be an orphan… An orphan with a kid brother to raise and no one to fucking raise me.”
“Then?” Cas urges.
“I was just asking them how they were doing,” Jack defends, “No one likes being put in a tank and then have a bunch of people staring at them, you know?”
And then Dean breaks it, “Oooooh, our lil' Jackie boy’s got a boyfriend!” Dean exclaims, ecstatic. Jack blushes and he thinks, that is beyond ridiculous. He’s an all-powerful being. He should not be blushing at being teased about having a boyfriend by his Dad.
“Oh!” Cas exclaims breaking the silence and shaking Dean.
“Cas?” Dean finally broke the long amiable silence.
“Can he even get addicted to sugar?” Eileen asked.
Cas shrugs, “It’s your fault for choosing the wrong player.”
“I hate being… God, I guess.”
“When you put it that way… But you’re better at this, kid… I—I fucking hurt the love of my life because I’m shit at being... you know? Cause apparently, my absentee asshole father thought it was disgusting. So, yeah you’re better.” Dean looks like he about to cry. He looks just as awful as Cas does and currently, he cannot bring himself to look at Claire in the eyes. His head is hanging low and she can feel the shame and anger radiate off of him.
“What was that?” Dean asks concerned.
“My fine ass didn’t need saving,”
“So, you’re not leaving me?”
Castiel nods again, absent still.
it felt to hold The First Blade and just… let lose. He remembers being in hell, instead of being the one on the pike, he remembers being the one holding the whip and how there was a part of him thinking about how
“I also try, as best as I possibly can, to understand that none of it is easy for you, so I never bring it up. I hate doing so right now, but I have to.” Cas sighs. “I have to because you feeling ashamed of me is making me feel ashamed of myself. And there—there’s only so much of that I can take… At first, when I fell in love with you, I never—never imagined you could—would feel the same way… I resigned myself to be a friend to you… to be useful to you. But even then, I kept failing you time and again, I was useless more often than not—”
“And the second thing?” Jack asks.
Sam thinks not everyone understands how much Cas has grown over the last year, ever since he became human. There were times now and again where Cas would lash out, especially in the beginning. Sam wasn’t always there when it happened but Cas would always tell him about it afterward. They developed an easy rapport where Cas would explain everything that happened and try to verbalize what made him crack while Sam would listen to his best friend and try to help him navigate it the best he could. Cas, much to Sam’s surprise was never shy about asking for help. Sam initially thought Cas would have too big of an ego, too used to being inhumanly powerful, to ask for assistance but that wasn’t the case. His heart always felt warm that Cas entrusted him with the task but always suspected there was another Winchester who might have played a hand in the whole thing. However, he was very unsure how.
Sam was sniffing too hard to reply.
“Can’t say I blame you,” replied Sam with sorrow. Eileen reached out and held his hand, a steady comforting presence. “I’m sorry about having to send Jack to bring you here, we were kinda in a rush, and obviously I’m sorry that we have to drag you into this in the first place,” He added.
Dean began heating up the pan. He dropped the butter in the pan.
sure?” Dean asked.
finding out about his offspring’s romantic life, which Sam supposes is painfully appropriate.
“About what, Cas?”
For a second, Sam looks like he wants to punch Dean again, but then he recomposes himself and says, “The ‘how’ of it all comes later. Right now, the question is; Do you want to?”
Sam chuckled lightly.
“If you wanna be a kid, be a damn kid. What’s stopping you?” Dean asks.
“Okay, one, two, three,” Dean counts again.
“On?”
“But I need you to know,” Sam added, “you hurt him, I’ll punch you in the face.”
deal?”
“Come on Dean! We’ve only got like 30 minutes of Return of the Jedi left. Can’t we just finish it? Please? This is literally the culmination of the last 6 hours, the culmination of the best trilogy in the history of trilogies,” Charlie screams out from the last row.
Dean was suddenly back in some police station all those months ago,
“You are absolutely not a bitch," He says with a determination that calls for no disagreement. He pauses and then adds, "I—I don’t do those things to prove to you that I will stay… I
The phone rings.
Sam nodded, got up, and made his way to the fridge, and pulled a can of coke for himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
my ass!” She mimics Jack far too accurately for it to be anything but hilarious, she knows that. Now that she’s gotten a smile out of the ex-angel, she doesn’t want to lose it.
“Queer?” Claire completes.
then?”
“And your powers?” Sam asks, hesitantly.
Jack smiles softly in response, “Thanks,” he says.
Dean just chuckled. “Cassette huh? Which one?”
“But… I am real.” Dean said, confused.
“You fuckers had a pool going?” Dean replied absolutely shocked.
“My fiancé keeps insisting on calling the day of our wedding ‘D-Day’,” Cas replies, air quotes and all and Dean can’t really help himself, so he breaks into a grin and then leans in, placing a kiss Cas on the corner of his lips, a soft gentle thing.
Sam softened at that, “Yeah, Dean. 'Course we're okay,” Sam waited for Dean to look at him, and when he did, “I just want both of you to be happy. You guys deserve it. Fuck, if there’s anyone who deserves it, it’s the three of us. Right?”
He pulls it out of his pocket where he stashed it­­
Growing up, Sam Winchester had always felt like an outsider. Some of it was because of how he was growing up; constantly moving around, raised by a brother who himself was just a kid. But part of it was this feeling in his bones that he wasn’t
“Buddy, buddy. Hold on. You’re not making any sense. You’re just rambling gibberish at this point,” Dean says, rubbing a calming hand over Jack’s shoulder. “Start from the top, how’d you get them made? I think the only one who could get it done was
“I don’t—I… What?” Dean stutters.
And Sam watched the Angel, who had fought Demons, Archangels, the Darkness, and even God, blush. In that moment, he was sure, this couldn’t be a trick. Because even in Chuck’s wildest dream he could not have come up with that look of pure bliss on Cas’s face.
Jack was smiling while sitting on the chair across from them against the kitchen island, “You’ll be fine, Dean. And I disagree, Sam, I think this is pretty funny.”
“Sent by the Gods,” Bobby said.
“Are not,” Jack threw back.
having to cook dinner.
“And why is that, Aziraphale?” Claire’s trying extremely hard to clean the mud off her chin.
“I know why you did what you did. I don’t agree with it or appreciate it, but I—I guess I understand. At some level, I might even sympathize. I blame you all, I do. I wish you all great misfortune.” She exhales heavily, “But not death. I want to go back to just doing whatever I was doing before you all pulled me back into this mess.”
Dean shook his head and fell silent, taking a long sip of his beer.
“What about Sam? Wouldn’t he be Dean’s Best Man?” Claire asks.
“It’s good to see you, man,” Sam said with eloquence Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to find for a while.
“What?” Cas asks a little annoyed.
“Do what?”
That was the morning Dean realized that while he had to change, and grow and work on himself; none of it had to be so fucking hard. It could just be simple, not easy… not hard either though. And none of it had to ever be done alone.
“Yeah.”
Dean lets a tear slip, he rushes to wipe it away before he says, “You really think I can fix this?”
Everyone laughed.
“Yeah, man. Eileen’s on her way back from that Ghoul thing back in Texas? So I thought it’d be nice if I made dinner-“
“How do you recover from calling your fiancé a ‘fag’ and telling him he’s disgusting?” Dean’s so fucking angry with himself, it is beginning to physically hurt.
“Hey… I didn’t think you would pick up.” Worried.
“Nothing, we’re just… reminiscing, I guess,” Cas replies, finally catching his breath. A small smile still graces his lips as he looks over at Sam. “I’m sorry if we woke you,” He adds sheepishly.
“What happened?” The question is asked with firm resolve and something else that Dean doesn’t quite understand.
April 1
It’s Sam’s turn to sigh now, “First of all, yeah. You probably learned how to be human from Dean because he was the only human you were ever focused on- oh no, no. Don’t try to deny it- But, cause of that I was always surprised when you asked for help, you know? Dean’s not big on that one. But you are and that’s great, alright? You’re doing pretty damn good, man. And second of all, you didn’t force Dean into anything. You asked and he agreed. He made a decision, a choice, alright? And… honestly, I think you need to understand; you’re allowed to want what you want, Cas. You want a big huge annoying wedding? Have it! Your desires shouldn’t always be second to everyone else's.” Sam waits for a response.
Sam has always worshipped the ground that his brother had walked on. He looked up to Dean since he was four years old, and could barely tell up from down. What he knew then (as he does now) was that his elder brother was the absolute coolest and no one could compare. That was until he met Castiel. Now, Sam wouldn’t say Cas is cooler than Dean but he did give Dean a run for his money in Sam’s eyes. Cas was his nerdy, sassy, very painfully human best friend and the only person who could ever be worthy of his infallible elder brother. Essentially, to make a long story short; Sam didn’t want to have to choose between these two idiots who had made him suffer through so many years of palpable sexual tension and third-wheeling.
“Let it go, baby, I’ve got you” and that was all it took. Cas fell forward, his hand gripping to the head board as he and Dean jerked his cock together, spilling hot stripes of cum over Dean’s chest
Dean fists Cas’ shirt
“I’m listening, Dean”
“Shall we go see where Dadda is at?” Bobbi scrambled out of Dean’s arms and ran toward the cabin calling out “Dadda I home now” Dean kept her pace easily as they entered the house just as Cas was coming out of the bedroom, pulling a tshirt over his head
Dean knew exactly what Sam was hinting at and he wasn’t going there. He just wasn’t.
“Hello, Dean” he almost whispers
Soft, wild flowers were scattered across the meadow’s ground and the air was buzzing with bees and the odd butterfly. In the distance the babbling brook could be heard amongst the trees, and the windmill creaked with age.
“Calm down, he’s fine. Well...he wasn’t fine, it was tough going for a while but he’s going to be fine”
“DEAN” ...and the last voice Dean heard was Cas’ in the distance of his memory as his last breath left his lips, and his world faded to black.
“Mmmhmm?”
Cas takes a step forward, stopping just short of the foot of the bed.
Cas being gone.
“Cas, let me go in ahead of you. This will be a shock for him. He...hasn’t been in a good place since you left, I’m not sure how he will take this” Cas merely nods his head slowly and allows Sam to move past him.
“You want me to watch you get yourself off?”
“You’re my idiot” Cas grinned and returned Dean’s kiss. “I was going to watch the sunrise. Would you care to join me?”
“Fuck, I love kissing you” Dean sighed against Cas’ mouth
“Of course. Where are we going?” Cas asked as they got into the car, the engine purring to life. Seeing Dean behind the wheel of his beloved car was one of Cas’s favourite things about living life on earth.
“You ready?” Dean asked, his voice slightly husky
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, willing his patience to stay in tact, willing the surge of hurt at the sound of Cas’ name to stay buried.
“DADDYYYYY” she exclaimed excitedly, clambering to get out of her car seat and into Dean’s arms “Hello, beautiful. Did you have fun with Sam and Eileen?”
“Thank you for telling me” he says quietly.
Dean’s tongue darted out teasingly, sweeping over Cas’s lips just as the shrill sound of Dean’s phone interrupted their flow
Sam grinned proudly and nodded “Eileen has been  teaching her a few things”
“Relationships suck ass, Samuel” Dean said as he took another sip of beer. Sam sighed and closed his laptop.
“You son of a bitch” he roars out into the empty space, “You selfish son of a bitch!”
“Apologise!” He repeated, pulling Cas’ lower lip between his teeth
“But you are into Cas” Sam states matter of fact
“I’ll go. You stay here”
“Let’s go, Miracle, c’mon” Dean pats his thigh once as he calls on Miracle, who stubbornly goes to sit at Cas’ feet. Dean stops and stares in disbelief, Miracle never once before turning him down.
“Of course I trust you” Dean said, his voice soft “I can’t have you getting hurt Cas”
“I’m sorry I worried you. I couldn’t sleep and didn’t want to disturb you”
The second thing Castiel feels is loss. A familiar emptiness that he wasn’t prepared to embrace right now. The third thing Castiel felt was desperation. Dean. He had to get to Dean.
Dean nearly dying.
Dean’s thumbs circled Cas’s cheeks and he swallowed thickly.
“What? This better be good”
“Shit” Dean moaned, dropping his forehead to Cas’ shoulder.
“I know” he felt Cas grin into his neck “I think I always knew”
Cas Sighs hearing this.
“No, Cas. Look, he hasn’t been right since you left. He couldn’t even bring himself to say outloud that you’d died.” Sam sighs “He’s pretty much been a shell for the last 6 months”
Dean laughed “he’s fine, nothing major”
“Now you just stop right there. The last time we had this conversation you implied that you wanted me to ask you to stay. So here I am telling you to stay. For once you stick the hell around and you deal with your shit like we all have to, dammit”
“182 days. 4380 hours. Two-hundred and sixty two thousand eight hundred minutes. SIX MONTHS, Cas! That is how long I had to sit with the fact that my best friend sacrificed his life for me, 182 days I had to sit on the fact that you died because of me. Again. Not to mention your little speech before hand! Sure it might have made you feel free or whatever but what the fuck do you think it did to me knowing that and not having the opportunity to respond? It was the most selfish, self righteous, dickish move you have ever pulled and you have pulled some crap in your time, man”
“So good, Dean” Cas dropped his forehead to the crook of Dean’s neck, his hot breath hitting rapidly against Dean’s clammy skin. Cas’s hips jerked into Dean’s fist
“I’m scared, Cas. I’ve never— I mean, I don’t want to fuck this up. There’s a lot to lose here and I tend to destroy everything I touch”
“How is Eileen?” Dean asked
“Yes. What happened to Dean, Sam?”
As the impala rumbled to a stop, Dean, groaned and cricked his neck. His early 40’s wasn’t kind to him these days  as he sat in the car for hours on end. His insides twisted with anxiety. Or was it excitement? He couldn’t quite compartmentalise everything he was feeling, especially not when Cas was sitting next to him, his fingers absently running through Miracle’s fur (as if seeing the man he loved love his damn dog wasn’t enough to do him in, goddammit!) looking sinful dressed all in black, his hair sporting that freshly fucked look, and his jawline which was peppered with two days worth of stubble. Throwing their shit into a couple of duffle bags and bidding farewell to the bunker was the best idea Dean had had in a long while. The two hour drive was comfortable, charged with a heat that Dean couldn’t quite place; not sexual heat but heat all the same. They swapped silent glances, and shy smiles, anticipation abuzz in the close air of the Impala.
“Are you sure that’s what you want?”
He was willing to spend an eternity in the darkness if it meant Dean could live in the light.
As I said, this fic isn’t based on my own personal opinion of Dean’s sexuality. Hope you enjoy this chapter. Another update soon <3 kudos/comments appreciated
“I missed you” Cas said between kisses, licking into his mouth. Dean could only gruan in response, the bulge growing against the denim of his jeans.
“Fuck you”
“Unca Sammy hurted” She said rubbing her head to illustrate what she was saying.
Dean’s throat constricted as he heard the fear in Sam’s voice. “You...you asked for Castiel”
Dean’s eyes naturally drop to Cas’ lips, without much thought Dean nips the tip of Castiel’s thumb, eliciting the tiniest of moans from the back of Castiel’s throat.
“Fuck!” He said, dropping his head to his hands
“Is that what we are? ‘Friends?’”
“We had a deal, Castiel. Why are you awake? You can never do as you’re supposed to, the Angel who came off the line with a crack in his chassis”
Dean’s deep, gruff voice was a  stark contrast to the peaceful atmosphere of the meadow as it broke the silence.
“Dean, are you certain that —“ Cas was cut off with a kiss as Dean pulled him in by the towel around his waist.
He’d wake up in a cold sweat, and for a fraction of a second he’d feel relief - relief that it was just a dream - and then he’d remember that it wasn’t just a dream - it was a memory and the tsunami of grief would drown him again, pulling him under. And so it went.
“Later, Cas” Sam is insistent as he pushes Cas toward the door and out into the hall way. Dean stares at the door, breathing hard. Bile riding high in his throat. He grips  the sheets on his bed, his knuckles turning white as he stares at the space Cas just left.
“And then you came along and knocked me on my ass” he grinned
DEAN: Are u going to apologise?
“Yeah? ‘Bout what?” Dean pressed another kiss to Cas’ jaw. He couldn’t help himself, it was like he was trying to play catch up for all the times he wanted to kiss him just like this but couldn’t
Two strong hands land on Dean’s hips, positioning him to his back. Dean opens his legs in invitation, Castiel creating a home for himself there. Castiel’s eyes land on Dean’s, never leaving as he licks a wet stripe up the centre of his own palm and then his hand is wrapped around Dean’s solid cock.
“Have you noticed her naps are getting less and less?” Cas mentioned to Dean
He felt Castiel swallow as he moved in. It wasn’t a perfect kiss, it was tentative, nervous, but it was them. It was finally all them.
Dean’s fingertips ran up the side of Cas’ body, leaving goosebumps in their wake. They grinded against eachother, their hot, heavy breaths mingling. Dean pressed a hand between them, encircling the solid length of Cas’ cock, it pulsed hot against his palm as his fingers teased at the base
“Come on, Smart guy, we are old pals, you can tell me” The entity tapped Castiel’s cheek to emphasise each word.  “Are we really going to go here again? Ok fine...I’ll just have to find out for myself” The entity places it’s hand upon Castiel’s head, the lave hot pain seared Castiel’s skull as he screamed out in pain, his legs buckling beneath him.
“....So what you doing here?”
Dean’s insides churned. The rebar his body was impaled on felt like it was the only thing holding him together. His eyes scanned the barn, the headless corpses of the vamps lay before him.
He gave Sam a hard stare
Cas crushed his lips to Dean’s, rolling him on to his back. Dean’s hand found its way beneath Cas’ tshirt, his finger tips kissing over his heating skin
“Fuck the paperwork”
“I said I was sure. I want you, Cas. I want this”
His voice was softer as he asked Cas “are you ok?”
Dean palmed his gun tighter, his hackles rising at the sound of panic in Sam’s voice
Sam nodded. “Got it. I’ll be right back just hold on, alright?”
“I don’t understand why we are here, Dean”
“Ok dude, this has got to stop.”
“Show yourself, I know you are here, I can feel you” Castiel speaks out into the void. “Where are you?”
Cas scoffed “you keep telling yourself that. Ok Bobbi girl, go get your swim suit and wings and we can swim” Bobbi scrambled down from Cas’ hold and did as instructed. Cas made his way to Dean and encircled his arms around his waist
The door screeching open interrupted his thoughts as he watched Sam and a petite ebony-skinned nurse enter the room.
“Make it your thing. Dean, does Cas even know that you...?”
“Cas, you’re making me dizzy, man. Come and sit down” Sam taps the chair next to him slightly in invitation. Castiel pauses briefly before accepting the seat next to Sam. He sits down with a sigh.
“You’d like Children?” Cas said
“May I come in for a moment?” Cas asks
“ ‘Lo, Dadda! Unca Sammy hurted!” She said rubbing her head, making it sound more dramatic than it was in that way that only a three year old can. Cas looked at Dean concerned “Is Sam ok?” He asked
“I love you. Goodbye, Dean”
Dean looked at Bobbi proudly, kissing her cheek
“I must talk to him, Sam. The last time we saw each other...” Cas shifts awkwardly in his seat “I believe I may have made him uncomfortable”
The trio silently enter the bunker, Dean shrugging off any attempt from Sam to help him. The first and only time Dean perks up is when he sees Miracle come bounding towards them in greeting, excitedly whimpering in Dean’s face as he gingerly bends to ruffle his hand against Miracle’s head
Dean watches Cas for a brief moment before he gets to his knees and moves in to press his lips firmly to his
Dean’s forehead dropped to Castiel’s shoulder as he worked to regain control of his breathing.
“I’ll be fine. I promise”
“Before he..left...he told me he was in love with me. Told me I had changed him, how because of me, he cared about everything and everyone. How I was the most caring person on earth. And that’s why he...left...His deal with the empty... the moment he felt true happiness, the empty would come for him. Loving me was his happiness. I am the reason he’s-“ Dean cleared the lump from his throat. Moisture stung the back of his eyes but he refused to let any spill, he was afraid that if he did, he would never stop.
“Jesus Christ” Dean groans, dropping his forehead to the table “we are not having this conversation” he moans, his voice muffled against the table.
“Mornin’ Sunshine” a sleep thick voice said in to the crook of his neck. He recognised it instantly as his most favourite voice in the world. It was deep, gruff, and lust filled. He felt a warm, wet tongue sweep over his pulse point, and lips sucking seductively at the skin. Castiel Sighed deeply in pleasure, his body instantly responding to the touch, his neck angling upward as if on instinct to expose more of his neck to Dean.
Dean’s world had narrowed to the feel of Cas’s Lips moving against his own. His fingers curling into the soft hair at the back of Cas’s neck. He was kissing Cas. Cas was kissing him back. It felt like constellations bursting in his stomach as he takes Cas’s lower lip between his own, he tasted like honey and cinnamon. Ecstasy sings through his blood as 10 years of longing and need is culminated in the sweep of Cas’s tongue against the seam of his bottom lip. Bliss. Pure gratification is what this was. Dean pulled Cas in closer as their kiss stilled to a stop, their breaths intermingled as they rested their foreheads together.
“They are called Apus, or ‘Bird of Paradise’ - I made those” Cas said, his voice laced with nostalgia.
A sob broke out from the depths of his stomach, hitting Cas’s skin, striking at his heart. He encircled his arms around Dean and held on tightly, Dean’s fingers twisted into the material of his tshirt.
“Put me back on earth NOW” Castiel breathed sharply, he would do anything now to get to Dean. There was one thing he could do, one thing he hadn’t considered. The one thing that could send him back to Dean but the one thing that would cause profound loss. Castiel stood to his feet once again. He knew he had no time to think this through, he would deal with the consequences later. He slipped his Angel Blade from the sleeve of his trench coat. The entity caught the gleam of the blade and cackled.
“Dean, I’m sorry for everything” Castiel says
“Where are you going now?” Sam called
The boys took in their surroundings. They’d heard rumours for months about this place but they wasn’t prepared for what could only be described as a torture chamber. Shackles hung from the walls, discarded blood-stained clothing was strewn across the floor. The room clearly used to be an infirmary, beds rested haphazardly across the room, leather straps attached to each corner.
Sam was infront of Castiel in three swift moves, his arm pushing into his chest as he roughly backed him into the west wall, the gun still trained on him
Every step and every choice Castiel had made up to this point had lead him to this moment here with Dean, driving along the highway, Miracle asleep between them. From the moment that his grace had wrapped around his soul in perdition Castiel’s fate was sealed. He loved Dean Winchester with all the madness in his soul. He loved Dean Winchester before he even knew what Love was.
++++++
“I’ll take you, Cas, but I’m not sure how he’s going to handle this”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I lost my phone in the foray”
Castiel looks up from his paperback, surprised but pleased to see Dean speaking to him.
“See?” He said quietly as he reached up a hand to cup Dean’s cheek, stroking a soft circle in to his skin
Dean followed behind, his eyes not leaving him for a second. He closed the door behind him.
Cas’ hand worked in long strokes, his thumb teasing the tip as his lips sucked into the skin of his hip bones. Dean’s fingers curled into Cas’ hair
“6 months? I was gone that long?”
“Like hell” Dean replied and before he knew what he was doing he had Cas pressed up against the doorframe with his body, Dean’s hands placed either side of Cas’s head. Cas’ breath hitched and his heart hammered against his ribs. “I’ve waited too damn long to have you in my bed, Cas. I’m done with waiting.”
“Sammy a dumb butt!” Bobbi said and Cas’ eyes narrowed on a sheepish looking Dean. Dean was certain that if he could still smite him then he would.
Dean reached out and fisted Cas’s jacket, pulling him in, his hands cupping his face as he felt Cas’s hands rest softly and naturally against his waist. Dean rests his forehead on Cas’s, his eyes closing briefly as the words he was yet to speak bubbled slowly from the depths they had been pushed to for the last decade.
Dean rolled his eyes
“Hello, Sam” Castiel spoke from the entry way, his hands nervously fisted at his sides. Sam stood quickly, startled. It took him meagre seconds to come back to himself and he drew his gun from the waistband of his jeans, pointing it steadily in Castiel’s direction.
“I was hoping you would say that”
“You’re insatiable” Cas said as his hips instinctively met Dean’s in a filthy grind, eliciting a moan from between Dean’s lips.
Cas frowned slightly “a different reason”
Dean’s eyes fell to the left hand corner of the room. He squinted into the dark, just about making out the figure huddled in to a ball, rocking back and forth. Dean could only make out their shape and the chains holding their wrists and ankles to the wall. Dean flicked the safety off hhs gun and raised it toward the figure.
Dean is avoiding Cas’ eyes, focusing on their linked fingers. Dean clears his throat before speaking.
“I want to explain something to you, Cas.” Dean took a breath, turning on to his back. He found it easier to talk this way.
“Dean, what is it?” Cas said, concern evident in his voice
And so Sam and Castiel took the road towards the hospital, Castiel a anxious ball of energy in the seat next to Sam.
“Jesus fuck, Cas” he moans his back arching from the bed “Feels so fucking good, I’ve imagined this for so long” Dean gasped
Dean let out a sharp breath of pain as soon as he knew the coast was clear. How he wished he was here. He’d let him down. After everything he had sacrificed just so Dean could live and now...now here he was about to croak it on a rusty nail. He needed him here. He needed him here so he could tell him. If he was about to die, he needed him to know. He wanted his final words to be for him. For Cas.
Cas’s confession.
“Dean, over there in the corner” Sam’s voice tried to remain even, Dean recognised it as the voice he used when he tried to reassure Dean.
Cas’ head lolled back as he became nothing but sensation, his nerve endings singing beneath the surface of his skin
“So fucking gorgeous.” The trail of wet kisses that Dean lays on his neck makes Castiel groan and tilt his head back. “Want you so bad.” Dean repeats into his skin.
Cas being claimed by the Empty.
“Today is the day I...” he swallowed down the lump that formed with the memory
Dean notes the look on Sam’s face, instantly becoming concerned
“Cas...do you miss it?” Dean’s voice was layered with vulnerability, what he really wanted to know was ‘are you happy? Do I make you happy? Am I enough?’
This conversation seemed all to familiar to Dean. He wasn’t having it, not again
“Dean, are you sure you’re ready for this?” Sam said, his voice laced with a familiar concern that, quite frankly, was really starting to piss Dean off, regardless of how well intended it was. Dean continued throwing spare ammo and blades into his khaki duffel, running off a mental checklist as he went
“One hundred and five” he grunted. Tamika’s full lips curved into a kind smile
Dean’s body was spent. But he’d never felt more alive than right now, right here with the man he loved looking thoroughly fucked, lying on top of him.
“I’ll follow you guys down there”
Dean laughed lightly
“Ignore it” Dean breathed, his hand gripping firmer to Cas’ cock, his hips jerking in response
“Come now, Castiel, you know how I hate to be awake” Sounds an eloquent, nasally voice from behind Castiel. Castiel turns, confronted with his form.
Dean’s eyes train on Castiel, burning with moistures as his chest heaves rapidly. He stares. And he stares. And he stares. Nothing but his harsh breath can be heard in the room
Being on the road no longer held any appeal for Dean. But then, nothing much did these days. Not the road. Not hunting, not even baby. Not since Cas died. Since he sacrificed his life to save Dean’s. Well, extend his life. Whether it was saved was another thing entirely. Dean just went through the motions this past year. 324 days, to be exact. He got up, he showered. He ate. He spoke when spoken to. Rinse and repeat. That was the thing about grief, it’s such a burden but it can also be an anchor; You get used to its weight and how it holds you in place.
“You’re not much of a guard dog, are you? Where are Dean and Sam?” Castiel asks the question more to himself than to Miracle but Miracle gives an answering bark nonetheless. Just as Miracle barks, Castiel hears the click of the bunkers door and the familiar, metallic sound of feet padding down the steps. Castiel’s heart begins to thrum nervously in his chest, he’d quite forgotten how prevalent human emotions could be
“ You know what, Cas? I can’t do this now. Look, I’m glad you’re here, man. Really, I am. You have no idea but—I just can’t right now”
Sam pulls him back by the elbow
“Dean—“ Cas was saying against his lips, trying for his attention. He eventually managed to separate their lips, both breathless.
The air was slightly damp but not cold and the stars were still shining against the vast blanket of the sky. Dean studied Cas as Cas watched the sky. The last of the moonlight illuminating his face, making his skin appear almost translucent. Dean was mesmerised.
“Ok, let’s get those boys and get out of here” Sam’s voice recentred Dean’s thoughts, anchoring him to the here and now.
“You’re missing your grace” Dean states
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“What will we tell Sam?”
“You don’t see yourself clearly at all” Cas says as he wraps his hand around Dean’s “I wish you could see yourself from my point of view”
“Trust me, that’s not what this is about.”
“Like a dirty bloodsucker impaled me on a rusty nail” Dean didn’t recognise his weakened voice, slurring slightly as the morphine worked its magic.
Dean looked at her, awed.
“It’s just not me any more, Cas”
“I’d much rather go home and have you make love to me all day”
And Cas regretted those words as soon as they left his mouth.
So this one is just a really short one; this *was* originally going to part of The Prayer but is now becoming part of a bigger fic I am working on. I just wanted to add a short, rough excerpt here because I like it - hope you do too :)
It was a standard hunt. It was not meant to go this way, saving people, hunting things, it’s what they did. Today was not meant to be the day, but then, Dean always knew that it would end this way for him. His plan was always to “go out swinging” That was until...that was until he did what he did. And now he’d let him down. His sacrifice was all for nothing. Fuck, it was typical Dean Winchester! Epic failure, monumental fucking disappointment.
Cas nodded
He felt the car slow to a stop and he took in his surroundings.
“Shit, Cas. You can’t just —“
Dean lay in Cas’ arms, sweat slick on their bodies, their breaths still working to regulate. Cas was the first to speak
“I don’t understand. Then why did you ask?”
“ I understand, Dean. I will give you all the time you need” Castiel said as he stood. Dean felt a slight panic run through him
“Dean I—“
“I was gone all of 10 minutes”
Nurse? Why would...? Dean’s mind flooded suddenly with the memory of a vamp fight and being shoved into that damn rebar. The memory seared a pain through his back. And then....disappointment washed over him. He’d survived. He was alive, after all. He squeezed his eyes against the pain and the tsunami of disappointment that he was certain was going to drown him. How had he survived this? Why had he survived this? He doesn’t recall any interference from Jack. He was just so damn tired, he’d been ready to go and yet...
Dean rests up on his elbows to watch, deciding that the sight of his dick in Cas’ mouth is the hottest fucking thing that’s ever happened to him. And then Cas looks up at him through his lashes, watching him sinfully as he slides his lips back up to the the flushed tip, slowly and teasingly twisting his tongue over the slit
Dean opened his eyes
“Show off” Dean replied, peppering soft kisses against Cas’ temple. He looked at the stars briefly but his eyes were magnetised to Cas
“That’s it, baby, fuck my hand” Cas bit into Dean’s neck, snaking a hand down to fist at his cock.
“I have to see him. Take me.” Cas was already ascending the stairs, Sam hot on his heels.
“It’s beautiful here, Dean” They caught each other’s eye, and Cas smiled encouragingly at Dean. And in that moment, something in Dean turned. His heart thudded against his chest.
Dean didn’t know how long his eyes had been closed for when he heard the familiar sound of his phone shrilling out in to the room.
“Am I still an asshole?” He said
“I miss him too. I’m sure he knows we are thinking of him” Dean rubbed his thumb across the back of Cas’ hand.
“Now that would have  been a crying shame, I’d hate to miss out” Cas said, trailing his hands down Deans back, reaching the firmness of his ass. He gave it a playful slap.
Dean scoffed “you wouldn’t say that if she was here. She’d still kick your ass, pregnant or not”
“I was freakin fantastic until you cockblocked me”
“I love your hair this length, it means I can do this” Cas gripped a handful of Dean’s hair and gave it a rough tug, forcing Dean’s head back to expose the column of his throat. Cas had learned that Dean liked it rough at times (other times he liked it soft and slow but he would deny that until his dying day) Cas’ teeth scrapped along the exposed skin
He lead them out of the space and they wrapped themselves in towels and rubbed their hair dry, their eyes never leaving each other. Dean silently reached for Cas and lead him out to the bedroom.
“I’m an idiot” Dean said as he rest his forehead against Cas’
“Did she just sign?”
He sighed and reached over to the night stand, reluctantly rolling off Cas and onto his back, seeing Sam’s ID on the screen. “Fucking cockblock” Dean grumbled
Cas looked away for a beat before answering
Jack looks at Dean and smiles
“Can I?” He asked looking up at Dean, with a gruff voice laced with sex, his eyes blown wide with lust and his cheeks stained a delicious light pink.
Cas rolled his eyes fondly
“Christ....what the fuck died in here” he said, his voice muffled by the fold of his arm.
“I don’t understand, Dean. You’re angry. I’ve apologised but I don’t think you want to hear if”
There was a desperate note to that voice, Castiel knew that voice
“I hope so” Cas smiled softly
“I’m fine, Sam, for the hundredth damn time!”
Dean feels his breath catch, hears his own heartbeat in his ears. They’ve barely had a year together and he’s about to leave him, Dean knew, he knew this couldn’t last, he knew it was too good to—
Cas thought for a moment
+++++++++++++
Castiel wrapped a hand around Sam’s wrist in a gesture of reassurance
Dean made it down to the lake just as Bobbi stood on the edge of the deck, Cas waiting in the water with arms held high ready to catch her. Dean froze, dread building in his belly. He never envisioned that he’d be the over protective parent but here he was, cringing as he watched their daughter fearlessly jump in to Cas’ arms, squealing as her feet splashed in the water. Dean didn’t realise he was holding his breath until he let out a sigh of relief once she was safely in Castiel’s arms. He made his way to the end of the deck and sat himself on the edge.
“It’s me, Dean” there was silence on Dean’s end of the line, Castiel was not sure if he’d hung up “Dean I-“
“Hey, how about we do something today. Make some happy memories. Celebrate Jack’s birthday. We could invite Sam...or it could just be you and me”
“Dean, it’s ok to miss him. I miss him too” Sam didn’t get it. How could he? He hadn’t been privy to what went down the day Cas...the day Cas left. Dean hadn’t told a soul. Cas’ confession? that was his and his alone, the only thing he had left of Cas.
“Jesus, Cas. Your voice is made for sex.” Dean said, his hips instinctively pushing up against Cas, seeking the friction he desperately needs.
“Get out of where? Dean, where are-“ The line went dead. Castiel pressed the phone to his forehead in frustration. Dean sounded weak, nothing like himself.
Just a short chapter to wrap up this part of their story.
“The hospital? What happened? Take me there, Sam”
“I’ve never been more sure. I want to be close to you, Cas. I need you...please” Dean kissed Cas deeply, wanting to put everything he felt into that kiss. Cas moaned softly against him and pulled back slowly.
Castiel lay at the entity’s feet, trying desperately to regain his equilibrium
“Cas...Can you hear me? Wherever you are I hope you can hear me. I-I’m fading pretty quick so I might not get all of this out. Cas...Cas, man, I’m so sorry. For everything. E-everything you sacrificed h-has been for nothing. I’m so sorry. Man, I wish you were here. You-you’re my best friend. No, you’re more than that. It’s t-time I cut the- cut the crap. I should have stopped you. I should never have let you do what you did but I just let you go. I just l-let you go because it was easier th-than admitting to what I have pushed deep down for so damn long. I couldn’t e-even find the courage to tell you, l-I’ve been such a coward, Cas. But I-I need you to know now. Cas, I love you. Of course I love you”  He’d said it. Finally Dean had said it out loud. The air left his lungs. Was it in relief? He wasn’t sure.
in four different forms of martial arts—“
“The gin? You’re drinkin’ gin?”
0-0-0
“She made us wear sweaters… Ugly sweaters… Yanno those pictures you see in people’s house-es? Where they’re all smilin’ but they’re not really smilin’? ‘sall fake and dead eyed and scary lookin’?” He swallows a mouthful of water. He’s slipped from drunk enough to only remember words without contractions to the slurring, half-lidded eyes, head bobbing around on his neck, kind of drunk. Dean can get violent when he’s like this. Can just stand up for no reason and trash the room he’s in because his inner turmoil, whatever it is at the time, can’t find a lucid outlet.
Cas held up the key chain with the floating fish on it. Now that it was dangling in his face Dean could see there was more on there too, a little silver Swiss Army knife and three keys. One of which was a replica of Dean’s. “You gave it to me, remember? After you locked yourself out in the rain three years ago and had to call a locksmith.”
It's not a far walk to the elevator, then the parking garage. They slide into the front seat of the Impala and Dean fetches his own bag of food without comment. A car or two passes but other than that it's quiet. Dean turns on the radio, low, barely a hum just because hearing people chew is weird and Cas grins around a mouthful; "I like this song."
"Ah-"
Dean lets him look, cocks up an eyebrow and waits for it. He has a suspicion Sam expects it to be drugs, or alcohol from the expression on his face and he turns back to the road with a sigh; "You don't wanna do that."
Castiel’s eyes were wide, bright and furious; “What are you doing? You just walked right in front of that car. Are you trying to kill yourself?”
She looked exactly like the last time he'd seen her all those years ago and something inside him thought maybe it would have been better if he had just stabbed himself and bled out on the floor because then it would have been real... then everything would have been real and he could die knowing he'd at least gotten to say he loved her one last time.
"You don't have to worry about Sam anymore," Jess says it like it's a promise, "You get to watch him have a full life."
"Why couldn't you have left well enough alone?"
'No, no, it's cool, yeah you can stay and we can hang out, get to know one another... again. But no sex or cuddling or anything like that, alright? That kind of creeps me out because of that 'nightmare' I had, remember?'
He's halfway to his mother's house when he remembers that Sam doesn't know what Hunting is. Sam doesn't want him around, doesn't get along with him and he'll need time to fix that before he can trust his brother with this. He drives, winds up in the cemetery, walks along until he finds where he had once remembered his mother's grave being... Now there's his dad's name on the stone.
“Yeah, but, Dean… It wasn’t real.”
Cas's hand stayed on his face for a few seconds, their eyes connected, not looking for direction, just observing. The hand on his head slid down, pushed up his shirt and rubbed across his chest. Pressed against a nipple with the pad of his thumb and scratched carefully with blunt nails. The other was working, forefinger and thumb holding him steady, three fingers cupping his balls, squeezing every so often through the fabric of his underwear... Sometimes his little finger would stretch out and add pressure behind, press up with its length and-and something, anything-
They smell it before they even find the first bodies. Dean motions his brother forward but Sam stays back, shakes his head and wrinkles his nose. Dean glares at him, asks if he'd rather wait here alone and Sam shakes his head, tiptoes forward.
Dean snorted and met the older man’s eyes evenly, amused; “Everybody keeps askin’ me that. But… No.”
“People are alive because of you.”
They're good pictures, Dean nuzzles his cheek and reaches for the album, finds it and they spend a while just looking, quiet, warm, slotting the new pictures into it as they come out of Cas's printer. There aren't many more in there that Dean hadn't already seen. Cas says they don't really DO much together aside from the trip to New York or to Mexico and that had only been because his sister had paid for them to come along.
“What the hell—How’d you—“
"What are you talkin' about, Dean?"
Dean's eyes are wide and alight with purpose and pain. "Old wives' tale... if you're about to die in a dream you wake up-"
Castiel nodded and popped open the passenger door, sliding in and pressing his head back against the seat.
There were a few magazines nearby, one or two with cars on the front, a copy of Modern Architecture, a cooking magazine with some sassy looking Latina on the front and a stack of letters. He ignored them for the time being, ground his teeth and punched in the last digits of Sam’s phone number as he snatched up his keys and held them tightly in his fist.
If this was the djinn and not just some animal, he had to make the first blow count because he may not get a second. There were so many places in here to hide, so many nooks and hollows Dean may never see it coming—
"Look, Cas has got to be worried sick about you, Dean. Come on, man, let's just go?"
"What're you-You broke into the house... to steal mom's silver?"
"Hey," Dean leans his shoulder gingerly against the flimsy cubicle wall and bumps the burger bag against his thigh a few times before he realizes what he's supposed to do with it; "Oh-uh... Here, brought you lunch."
"Nothin?"
The seconds are agony. Ticktickticking away.
He thinks the motion is Cas at first and he looks up, apology on his lips and instead meets dull dilated eyes and matted hair. Her blouse is torn, shredded in places, practically brown with filth, there's blood on her skirt and the soles of her feet.
Dean’s teeth clacked together and a bitter drill went up his spine; “Dude—“ I’m not gay!
"You're not real," He meets Cas's denim blue eyes directly when he speaks and that warmth in his chest shatters; "None of it is," His hands are shaking, fingers numb and he's squeezing the blade so tightly its leaving an indent in his palm.
It was a lot simpler with the four of them to find the shifter’s den in the basement of the old high school. Children returned to their families, shifter dealt with, Sam and Dean woke to find a note under the wiper of the Impala, Eddy and Edith’s contact information, in thanks.
That…
"I know it is..."
Dean looks at him, sees the shock and fear written plainly on his brother's face and turns back to the road; "You don't really want to know."
“What?”
He saw the girl after talking to the theology professor, so he'll ask him, see if he remembers a girl like that. Maybe He's the one?
“Uhm—“ He blinked, surprised, confused, “No… No, I don’t think they can ‘really do it’,” He licked his lips nervously; “You do understand these are mythic creatures.”
He shakes his head, unbelievable. This is just unbelievable; "Sam-"
Sam snorts and watches as he flips another page over and tilts his beer up again.
His own voice gurgles in his throat, wet-drowning, and then she's gone and Dean is standing there staring at Cas's suits hanging beside his t-shirts. His breath shakes as he pulls it in, catches in his throat but he forces it anyway. Exhales and feels close to tears.
'I love you, Dean...'
“Yeah, I know—I know…” Cas was on the other side of the room looking out the window. Dean lowered his voice so he wasn’t overheard, “But in the stories! Yanno, say you had a wish but you never even said it out loud. Well, like that—uhm—a loved one never died, or that… somethin’ awful never happened.”
Castiel’s other hand was on his other arm now as well, pinching and worrying at the fabric near his elbow, expression contemplative; “What’s going on? You—Something’s not right… Did you hit your head? Are—are you sick? What were you talking about back there? What’s going on?”
He inhaled and held it, coiled tightly, ready to lunge, stance even, ready to spring back into defense if the blow didn’t kill instantly and turned, flashlight low but trained upward, to blind his assailant, side forward to present the smallest target possible—
He just stared. The truck behind them tapped its horn and after a moment swerved around them.
Sam nods, those gears in his head are already turning, trying to figure out a way to break it to their mother. "Yeah," the 'you're always sorry but you'll do it again and I should really stop being surprised' goes unsaid.
Gooseflesh rises on Dean's arms and legs and he shifts into a more comfortable position on the couch, closing the notebook and tossing it onto the coffee table.
It's not even the idea of Cas that's the problem, Dean's open minded, he's seen too much shit in his life not to be OK with people finding happiness where they may, his father's prejudices notwithstanding.  He's just... nervous about it all. To Cas they've been in a relationship, a RELATIONSHIP, for YEARS. They've probably done all those sappy, gooey, chick-flicky couply things like the movies. They've probably gone to the movies together, spent Holidays together, bought one another birthday presents, used the toilet while the other was in the shower-and how is he going to explain to Cas that HE hasn't ever been with someone long enough to even feel comfortable taking off his shoes in their presence unless for sex?
Dean's light lands on the phlebotomy bags and a sharp pain jags through his temples. He's seen this before. He's-
“Worried… not pissed. If I was pissed you’d know it,” One blue eye peered out between his fingers then disappeared again. “You ran home to your mother without telling me what was wrong. I get that you’re emotionally constipated sometimes. Really, I do, but how do you expect me to fix the problem if you don’t let me know it’s there?''
“Mom?”
“Did I do something wrong?”
Well, shit.
He shook his head; "I'm OK... Just knocked the wind outta me."
Cas took a slow deep breath; “Where are we going.”
Dean stubbed his toe on the side table. Cas backed them into a wall. A black and white image Dean hadn't really taken the chance to look at fell to the floor with a snap of breaking glass. His jeans made it halfway down his thighs and Cas dragged him stumbling forward by his ears, growled 'fuck' and yanked them down for him, one shoulder into his stomach, arm in the bend of his knees and UP he went, bouncing across the bed. He laughed under his breath and caught sight of Cas yanking his belt through the loops, two flicks of his wrist it was folded and on the chair in the corner. His slacks went down without even having to be unfastened. He just sucked in his stomach and they fell.
The server reappeared and asked if they needed anything else. Cas glanced over at the counter; “A piece of pecan to go…”
Sam's jaw is tense and the collar of his jacket is purposefully stood up like he's The Fonz or something. "I'm goin' with you."
“Space?”
"You'll do it... You'll go grocery shopping and pick up the dry cleaning."
"All of them... Everyone you saved, every one Sammy and I saved... They're all dead," He takes a slow breath and looks around, feels exposed and weaponless. "And there's this woman. She's haunting me. I don't know why. I don't know what the connection is, not yet anyway... It's like my old life is coming after me... Like it doesn't want me to be happy..." He scoffs, looks around and for some reason can't look at his father's grave, feels like he's being judged; "'course, I know what you'd say... Well, not the you that played softball, but... 'Go hunt the djinn... It put you here it can put you back...'" His throat closes and he snuffs back the dampness of the air that's collected in his sinuses; " 'Your happiness for all those people's lives. It's no contest!' Right?" He can see the shake of his father's head, the curl of his lip in disappointment that Dean would even consider the alternative. Dean feels that heat in his chest again, thinks of Cas and Mom and Jess and Sam and it's not so clear cut. "But why? Why is it my job to save these people?" His voice cracks at the last and he can barely get the words out, feels suddenly like he's standing in his father's face spitting in everything he's ever believed in. He doesn't understand, just wants to know even though part of him already does; "Why do I have to be some kind of hero?" His chest spasms and he takes another breath, tries to push on without breaking, tries to get it out without snapping because he doesn't want his father, even if he is dead, to see him cry. "What about us, huh? What? Mom's not supposed to live her life? Sammy's not supposed to get married?" He sees pictures in his head, feels the warmth of Cas's head on his shoulder, the burn and sweet ache in his chest as they'd just LOOKED at one another and been SEEN. "Why do we have to sacrifice everything, Dad? It's-" Not fair...
"I know how it sounds."
He turns on the radio and pushes the gas down a little farther.
“Dean?”
Cas let out a breath, “Are you breaking up with me?”
Dean arched his hips up and pulled the photo album out from under himself, pushed it onto his bedside table and didn't even react when the alarm clock fell to the floor taking the lamp with it, plunging the room into semi-darkness with the crackle of a broken bulb. The only light left was coming from the hallway, slanting across Cas's features and making his eyes shine.
They’re parked out on a lonely dirt road somewhere outside Indianapolis, fresh off helping a pair of young hunters Bobby had said were having trouble tracking down a shape-shifter that had been abducting children from their school by impersonating their parents.
“That-that’s great that he… went peacefully,” He sounded like a jerk to his own ears and cleared his throat, “Sure beats the alternative,” He exhaled and carefully set the picture back on the shelf.
"Dean... you have to breathe or you're gonna pass out-" There was a hand in his hair, stroking over his brow and pushing the sweat away. "Don't hold your breath until you're almost there..."
It's funny really, but he can't find the strength to laugh, wipes a hand over his face and lets the salt dry on his palm.
0-0-0
He looked up at her, little wrinkles and stained collar and grey hairs all and thought she was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. “I think so…”
"No, Dean. That doesn't make sense, OK?" Sam's pulling on his arm now, insistently, almost in panic.
"Tough!"
There is blood in his mouth, a great unrelenting pressure in his middle. Cas is crouched over him, holding his head up and someone is pressing down MASHING into his stomach. “Dean?” His lips aren’t moving.
Castiel was a good kisser. A fantastic kisser, worked the focus from the seam of Dean's lips to the corner and then to a tiny stripe of scar tissue on his lower lip, nudged it and the next thing Dean knew he was making out in the front seat of his car with another guy. Felt the sting of teeth and a warm, rough friction where Castiel had slid closer and was pulling at his hip, urging Dean's right leg up onto the seat so they could face one another.
The professor nodded, explained about the concept of a creature birthed of ‘fire without smoke’ a creature made before humans, stronger but organized with their own religion, their own jobs and families and powers beyond human imaginings. Dean nodded, knew most of that already, asked about djinns in religious texts, circumstances by which one may encounter them and what may happen if one does. What they could do, what they couldn’t.
"Oh-ho, that's hilarious!" He eyes the road, checks his rearview, "Why don't you just sit tight and try not to get us both killed?" He hates to scare the kid-no, who is he kidding, he loves it, but this is different. It's different than waking Sam up by putting things in his mouth or mentioning something about women's periods or something like that. Sam looks genuinely afraid and as much as that bothers Dean he knows it's necessary.
Dean had bacon, two eggs— scrambled—hash-browns and the other half of Cas’ toast when he pushed it over on a saucer.
He cracks open one eye and just looks. The lamp's back on the bedside table, new bulb on its lowest setting. Everything is amber and gold and the blue of Castiel's eyes, he rolls slowly onto his back, winces because holy SHIT my ass-and looks at him tiredly. "I don't mind..."
“Hmm?''
"Cause there's this creature, a djinn and I have to hunt it."
“Dean,” It wasn’t the tone, it was the fact his voice dropped half an octave and the look in his eye. Calm and cool and plainly matter of fact. “I’m not leaving.”
Dean’s eyebrows became good friends with his hairline. “You’re a ninja?”
Could he KNOW Cas?”
Sam swallows the burn in his throat, knows then that something is missing from this picture, Dean isn’t telling him something. He’s not sure why, but Dean’s eyes… they’re different. Less than four hours under that Djinn’s control and his brother is different. His gaze isn’t even focused anymore, just fixed ahead of himself in the ether;
He looks down at his hands and nods stands up and swallows quickly, says he’s gonna get some air.
Dean shut his door and purposefully smacked the lock on the passenger side, slid the key into the ignition—Cas stooped and glared at him through the window and the next thing Dean knew the door was unlocked and the other man was dropping into the seat, expression sober, blue eyes locked on Dean.
“Well, what if my family isn’t OK with it?”
It's not fair that those people had to die. It's not fair that these THINGS took away everything that was important to us and there's nothing we can do to bring it back...
0-0-0
"Yeah, well you're gonna find out sooner or later..." He breathes out and shifts his hips against the car seat; "I needed a silver knife dipped in lamb's blood."
The smile was abrupt, didn’t reach his eyes but Sam welcomed it, a fake smile was better than nothing, “I gotta tell you though, man,” Dean put distance between them. “You had Jess, Mom was gonna have grandkids—“
"What, I was just tryin' to help you out, Dean! I don't want you to get yourself hurt!"
Cas looked at him, looked away and looked at him again, then politely punched him, quite hard in the shoulder. “I asked you a question! The least you can do is answer me! After everything I think I deserve an answer you jerk!”
“You OK?” He gave the fingers hooked on his own a little shake.
Sam looked at his hands, the bruises on his knuckles from struggling with the djinn were already fading. “Well, I’m glad we do… and I’m glad you dug yourself out, Dean. Most people wouldn’t have had the strength they would have just stayed—“
Her eyes narrowed, expression indulgent even though she was clearly wishing she were still asleep and his world had not been disrupted by whatever internal cataclysm had brought him to her door; “What?”
Cas’s head tilted a little more. “What kind of important things? Maybe I can help.”
"You've still got thirty minutes-"
"It's everything you want. We're a family again... let's go home."
Short last chapter, first chapter of the next part is up as well.
Cas chuckled; "I can do it, you know. It's not a problem-"
Cas hummed quietly under his breath; “Glad to know I can still distract you… I didn’t even have to have my head in your lap this time.”
It was raining just enough to necessitate the windshield wipers, just enough to annoy you without making your shirt wet. There weren’t many cars on the road, most people heading home from the late shift and he changed lanes effortlessly, eased to a stop at an intersection and made a U-turn back the way he’d come, fingers drumming on the steering wheel, images of Barbara Eden belly dancing in his head.
“Are you alright?” Her eyes scrunched at the corners in concern and her fingers clamped onto his arm a little more tightly.
Funny, really, how three words changed everything, “Me too.”
"This is dangerous and you could get hurt-"
There was a slight tilt to his lips. “You’re welcome.”
He wants it in all honesty. Wants to add a picture to that album that is actually HIM, one he can look at and remember the taste of sweat and the burn of stretched muscles. "I took a sexy naked picture of you... 'sonly fair."
"You drove all this way to bring me lunch? You never bring me lunch," Cas takes the bag and looks up at him with a rather awestruck expression on his face.
He aches in his chest feels like those empty silences between heartbeats will stretch on forever and he'll just cease to be; "I'll die... the djinn'll drain the life outta me in a couple of days-"
Cas would think he was insane. Any Normal person would.
“I’m very good at keeping secrets.”
The screech of tires on wet asphalt. Chattering college students—
She was warm. Oh, Jesus, she was touching him—
"Easy, son, just breathe... Take it easy," The store manager is crouched beside him, somehow Dean's wound up sitting in a wheelchair, some woman with faded red curly hair and glasses behind him and a thick masculine hand is pressing his head down between his knees.
"No... No I-I-I do. I really do wanna know. I really, really do."
Sam liked Edith, but she and her brother were both of smaller than average stature and she literally laughed in his face when, after a few beers, he grinned at her flirtatiously. She called him ‘Godzilla’ then punched him ‘playfully’ in the gut. Her fist went through him like a pike.
Sam snores, dropped off like a baby in a carriage and Dean shines a flashlight into the slit of one eye to wake him.
Dean grumbled but shuffled back and dropped into the passenger seat, watching Sam clean his knives.
He’d already put his hand over hers before he’d thought about it. “No, nonono, don’t do that, don’t do that—“
"Dean, please."
“Dean? Dean—you have to wake up! Wake up!”
"What the hell is that?" Sam shifts just a fraction closer.
His muscles protest crouching, he can still feel the slide of skin on skin, Cas's breath in his ear; 'I'm here'. He pushes it down and starts looking through the drawers and cabinets.
Dean fumbled behind him, gave the handle two full turns and felt himself shaking a little as Cas gripped him by the hips and physically pulled him down in the seat until he was lying there with Cas scrunched up half in the passenger foot well, Dean's left leg over his arm and the other stretched out against the back of the seat. He leaned forward and caught the little bit of extra flesh below Dean's navel between his teeth and bit just hard enough to sting-sucked hard enough to leave a purple mark that would rub against the waistband of his jeans, tender and irritated and Dean couldn't watch it, turned his eyes to the overhead lining and flattened one shaking palm on his brow, the other fisted in the lapel of Castiel's jacket.
"Four hundred."
Dean felt nauseated.
His limbs shake and his fingers don’t cooperate. He has to hold the cup pinched between his palms and stiff useless fingers to successfully get it to his mouth.
In his dreams she was always so happy to see him, always so ready to hold him and listen and open, young and perfect… but here she wasn’t. She was concerned, worried, irritated and her jaw smelled like cold cream. “Just forget it,” He pulled her in again, “Forget it, I’m just… I’m happy to see you is all…” He smiled into her hair, remembering how big and powerful she’d felt when he was little, holding him to her chest when he’d been hurt or sick, the vague memories of her hand soothing a fevered brow, or the lull of her voice to ease his nightmares.
"Am I going to wake up tomorrow and you'll be back to how you were?"
“So, we didn’t get along then, huh?”
“Dean?”
“Are you going to break up with me?” He didn’t lift his hand, didn’t move, nothing.
There was an upward shot of the Empire State building and Dean's pale face. No, definitely not. The New York Public Library and Dean pulling open his jacket-He's wearing a fuckin' Ghost Buster's t-shirt and grinning like an idiot.
He followed, powerless. Watched her, couldn’t look away, everything she did, everything she was burning into his brain. Her hair was messy, makeup a little smeared where she hadn’t got it all off before bed. There was a coffee stain on the collar of her robe and a little crust of sleep in the corner of her eye. As she passed him he caught a hint of her perfume, the scent of her shampoo.
"You-uh... You got a minute?"
The opposite page is another set, Dean's head is halfway under a pillow and the blankets are pulled back-There's a hickey on his chest and he's pretty sure if the blankets are pulled back any more he's going to be looking at a naked picture of himself but he's smiling in it. There's a big goofy stupid smile on his face and he feels himself returning it, weird tumbling sensations settling low in his chest. He moves on, to find another image of himself, this time he's standing in the hotel bathroom brushing his teeth. He's wearing jeans but no shirt and there is steam on part of the mirror. His hair is flat, longer than he's used to keeping it, just enough that it's sticking out around his ears and the crown of his head. Cas's reflection is there as well. He's in the NY t-shirt still and his underwear. His hair is standing up all over like he's shoved a finger in the light socket. Below it Dean's closer to the camera, staring down at the lens in a domineering fashion, dimples on his cheeks as he tries not to smile. Then one of Cas wearing ridiculous looking Elton John sunglasses, Dean's back is in the background, he's pulling on a t-shirt over his thermals.
“Cas…” Dean didn’t lower his fist immediately and Cas just stared at him with his eyebrows pulled down and his head cocked to the side. He didn’t blink and it was a little weird, but Dean tried to ignore it. Everything about this was weird.
“Christ—“ Dean leaned his brow into his left hand, face scrunched uncomfortably.
His wrists are bloody, wrapped and swollen from being tied and supporting his weight, his nail beds are bruised and there are redblack starbursts on his fingers and the backs of his hands from capillaries rupturing under such pressure. His hands will be stiff and sore for a while.
