Steve opened it, flipping through photographs and documents. He recognized a few faces, others seemed familiar but he couldn’t place them and one was too familiar for comfort.
“We’re dressed pretty snazzy for a nice meal at home. What aren’t you telling me, you gorgeous, gorgeous man,” Clint said, straightening his tie in the mirror in their bedroom. “I mean, a suit?”
James sat down in Clint’s chair behind the desk. The room hadn’t had anyone in it for a while but it still smelled like Clint and everything in there reminded him of Clint.
here now.” He kissed Steve’s knuckles. “
“Well… when that might happen also depends on a lot of factors. Sometimes Mondays—” When he’s too hungover and only came home when the sun was already up “—or Fridays—” When he couldn't wait to go out and get drunk “— but these past few weeks it’s been Thursdays.”
Clint smiled. He had always seen the contrast between Work James and their James but it stood out that much more now after having seen both in the last few hours. James never would have said please to a single living soul in that restaurant and here he was asking Natalia to
“Nothing I do is normal, apparently. Even when I’m trying but him and those knives… he’s very controlled,” he said, quickly changing the subject because being held captive, starving, and sleep deprived was not the time to be having steamy thoughts about James. “You’ve known him a while: am I what you were expecting his fella to be like?”
date? Is he still here?”
He pulled away again and finished his coffee, standing and bending once more to press a kiss to Tony’s hair.
“Do you know when they’ll be back? And why?”
“Is Tony there?”
“No clue. But today is really, really fucking awful so probably Monday and I’d guess we’re entering late December. Why?”
When Tony released his wrists, he snatched them back, still glaring. He wanted to be alone but Tony wouldn’t let him be. Again, rational Steve would’ve seen the love in action. This Steve saw it as another attack on him.
That sentence cut deep into Tony. Sarah had assured him he didn’t need to talk about it with Benni because she and Natalia had given him a sufficient explanation to explain Tony’s disappearance.
“Sure, but Steve and I do not have the same reputation. Sam is your friend—both of your friends—I would not want to hurt his livelihood.”
“Hi there,” he said softly.
Steve chuckled in Tony’s ear, unsure if it was the hot shower leaving him feeling so fresh and relaxed or the taste of Tony’s kiss from earlier still lingering in his mouth—both, actually—but something was making him say things he knew his mother would smack him for if she could hear.
Tony didn’t let go but looked at Steve, desperate for an answer to a question he didn’t dare ask.
“Good, I’ve never done this before. Always wanted to try.”
Steve and Tony had stayed up the rest of the evening and long into the night. Now Steve was on the couch in the living room with Tony because he’d been cold, so Steve started the fire and wrapped him up snugly. Tony was alternating between light snoozing and reading his book, his head pillowed on Steve’s thigh while Steve sketched him.
“You better. You get one more letter, you put a bullet in him.”
“Well, you look like shit. Go down there like that and they’ll both be asking—”
—a sign that he had been truly grateful for the little relief he had given him. Without his help Tony wouldn’t have made it this far.
Tony leaned in to kiss Steve’s nose. “Dinner should be ready soon. You’re not going to sleep on an empty stomach. Go shower and come downstairs, alright?” Two more days and they’d head out.
“And now you’re...? Or is your age a closely guarded secret?”
“I’m okay. Being with Clint helps. We’ve spent a lot of time together in an awfully small space with zero privacy.” Those were things Steve already knew but it was better to start somewhere obvious than not at all, right?
“Would I want something that belongs to you and is very personal but also unique?” he asked and reached out to take them and put them around his neck. The metal was cold at first which made him wince ever so slightly. “Thank you. This means a lot to me,
“Physics. It’s a given.”
Steve lifted his phone and showed them the open chat and blank text box, explaining his predicament.
Steve looked up at him and then down the hall towards his mother’s room, lowering his voice. “Let’s just… I need to shower. Let’s get that drink soon though.”
“He and Steve are doing some paperwork. What are you doing here, Stark?”
The jacket he had been wearing when they took him was now his pillow, the blanket was always around his shoulders and day by day the temperature seemed to drop. Tony had forgotten how to survive with little to no food or how to endure the cold. Steve had spoiled him.
He watched her make her way across the couch where Tony was, wrapping an arm around his shoulders.
It occurred to him then that he had a lot of quiet people in his life and he wondered if that was why he usually slipped into an easy flow of words and stories. James, Natalia, Dmitri—unless you got him talking about something he really loved—and even Phil was a man of few words.
Clint woke up coughing and choking and it made him sit up despite the screaming protest of every inch of his body. He wasn’t able to figure out the extent of the damage just yet but pulling his hand away from his mouth to see the blood he had coughed up gave him a pretty good idea.
When he woke up again his head was in Sarah’s lap and on the other couch were Steve and Benni, all of them reading their own books while classical music played in the background. Almost immediately there was a hand on his forehead and someone leaning down to kiss his cheek.
is for the bedroom,” Clint clarified and James’ eyebrows raised in faux-innocence, as though it hadn’t occurred to him how he was saying it.
“You can come and go as you please. And if you’d rather not stay, I’ll try to get out. It’s just… Whenever I try, I forget how to breathe,” Tony said, trying to make it sound casual. Unfortunately there was nothing casual about a sentence like that. He was aware of the reasons for his reaction but he refused to think about it too much. Instead he listened to the sounds coming from the kitchen. “Plus, I’d love for you to get to know Steve and see how he really is.”
Tony was cheesy. The kind of cheesy Clint usually made fun of people for but right then, in their current circumstances, maybe cheesy was just what they needed.
In the kitchen, Benni was watching his brother and Sarah with wide, scared eyes. Tony was apologizing repeatedly, though quieter now, and Sarah had bent to pick up the broken pieces of glass. James came further into the kitchen and bent with her to grab the last few, his hands rough and calloused, so not as easily cut.
James gave him a small, sad smile before he crushed his lips in a kiss. Steve was tense and then he melted into it, so familiar, so passionate, so much of what he sorely wanted. James stuck a leg between his and spread Steve’s so he could press himself even closer, his hands moving. One moved up to cradle Steve’s head and the other around and down his back to rest just above his trousers.
Tony pointed to the empty space next to him on the couch so Clint could be more comfortable.
” he asked softly, lifting the cigar to his lips. A million things, all worst case scenarios, passed through James’ mind before Clint spoke.
kitchen but in the end, what good would that actually do him? On the way up the stairs he was met with Tony who was coming out of his room.
.” He rested a hand on top of Steve's.
Tony looked at Steve who subtly shook his head. Tony knew that meant ‘later.’
“It’s okay,” he reassured him. Grateful for the moonlight shining into the room, he saw Tony nod. He didn’t look sure of the plan, Clint could see the worry in his eyes, but he had to try. He would do his best to keep any beating that came focused on himself. Sure, Tony could take care of himself but Clint was twelve years his senior and letting the boy take any kind of beating when Clint was there to volunteer as a punching bag just felt wrong.
“Gentle as a hailstorm, ay, Duggie?” Steve said with a chuckle.
“Good. It’s good, right?” he asked carefully, trying not to tense up and instead focus on Steve’s comfortable weight and warmth on top of him.
“Some swelling and a few more bruises.” Tony watched him sit back. If only there was more he could do for him! “Can we go over everything again please?”
“You’re a grown man, I shouldn’t have to force you to eat vegetables, Tony,” Rhodey chided, reaching over to knock the broccoli back into the rest of his food.
Steve came to slowly, still feeling the effects of all the morphine. His body felt like concrete, his middle was screaming with pain every time he breathed and he had one hell of a headache, but he heard Tony’s voice and that made everything alright. He wasn’t dead. He kept his promise.
“That is the big question, isn’t it?” He rested a hand on his stomach when it growled out of emptiness. “Probably because I’m seeing a very influential person. They probably want to get to them.” He shrugged and took a bite out of his potato. “What about you?”
“Yuck.”
He hummed into the kiss. It was so simple and yet everything he had missed. “Alright. I just… I’ll need a nap. And maybe a little more water?” He knew that there was food in front of him but for some unknown reason he was hesitant to actually eat. There was so much going on in his body and head that he couldn’t focus on one thing.
, he thought.
It was Sarah who helped him calm his brother down, one hand on his back and one hand on Tony’s shoulder and now Tony had his family back around him.
“Let me,” Rhodey said, coming into the room and pushing Tony down a little so he could see over his head better. Rhodey picked up his brush and with a few random movements, he was done and, somehow, it was perfect. “That ok?”
Hoping against hope, Tony prayed he would be brought back to Clint immediately. Instead he was thrown on the floor in front of the stairs. One of the men headed upstairs, yelling something while the other kicked Tony in the stomach and cursed at him. He didn’t need to speak their language to understand that nothing nice was being said.
“Sure. I’ll call her tomorrow and ask.”
When the fluttering in his heart and stomach got to be too much he looked away, still smiling. “Apart from my arm I’m all healed.” It was a lie, of course it was, but he wanted it to be true.
Tony was debating whether or not he should get a nurse to fix the stitches right away but there was a clear priority. He moved back to Steve’s bed and hugged his head close to his chest.
“Buck, this is Tony. Tony, Bucky. Tony here drunkenly climbed our fire escape and slept on the couch thinking it was his apartment,” Steve explained. Bucky stopped pouring his coffee to turn and raise an eyebrow in disbelief.
for me, okay? You’ll need to give her lots of hugs and help her around the house but I know you can do it.”
“You’ve worried enough about him. How about you leave that to me?” There was something in her voice that told Tony that he shouldn’t bother trying to talk back to her. It reminded him of Steve.
“So you
“I don’t know,” he said, his voice small. It was obvious that he hated to admit it. “I’m not one to make plans to run away.” He remembered a time when he was hiding every cent in a tin box under his bed. Yes, he was planning on escaping but it was more of a plan to plan the plan. This was new to him and he didn’t do so well with new things.
She moved closer and he allowed her to reposition them both so they were shoulder to shoulder and she had both of his hands on hers and her head on his shoulder. “I hate that you ever thought I’d think any less of you for it.”
His hands were shaking and he covered his face with them, trying to breathe through his nose. The last time he had woken up from a nightmare like this, James had been there with him. He had pulled Clint into his arms and pressed kisses to his hair until he relaxed. He had taken him downstairs and made him a warm glass of milk and given him one of Sarah’s muffins.
Benni’s smile was wide and he wrapped his arms around Steve tightly. Steve hugged him back and when Benni pulled away, he thanked Steve for the phone number and ran off upstairs. Steve smiled, watching him go.
When it got too cold for them, they called the kids and went to the closest diner where Tony treated them all to hot drinks and cake.
“Understood,” Natalia said, glancing at Maria. “Looks like we’ll be getting a holiday as well, my dear.”
“I’m so sorry,” he told him.
“You come to me asking a favor, Romanov? That’s very unusual of you,” Madame Linda Gao said the next day, coming over to sit at the table with James, leaning her cane against the arm of her chair.
Tony had no idea! Was that why they worked together? Why they spent so much time together? Even though he wanted to, he couldn’t find it in him to turn away. It took him a lot of convincing himself to pull the door closed again and to disappear as quietly as possible. His heart was racing, his hands trembling.
Steve turned when he heard approaching footsteps and looked Tony up and down in his new attire. He looked
He got in the passenger seat and Jones started the engine, heading for the deli. It was two minutes later that Dugan spoke.
He opened the fridge and poured himself a glass of water as his mother entered the kitchen.
He was stacking boxes of candy—because Clint was the type of bar owner who could sell you a beer and a butterfinger all in the same place—when he heard something behind him fall. He turned to see a fist sailing towards him but ducked, his reflexes working much faster than his brain because
Tony looked at his plate and furrowed his brows. He didn’t want to eat. “I
“Have you forgotten how cars work?” Steve snarled.
“It was definitely nice to not be alone.” Tony gave him another small smile and James nodded and left, closing the door behind him.
“He’s really good at what he does. He’s also
The second time he was caught he knew it was going to be nearly impossible to get away from them. He saw the gun holstered in the chest strap and reached for it without even thinking about it. Steve had taught him and even though he didn’t think he would ever have to remember it again, he did now. He cocked the gun and shot the man in front of him. With trembling hands he cocked the gun again and shot blindly into the snow until all six shots were fired and he was left without ammo.
“Clint, please,” he pleaded, resting his forehead on Clint’s shoulder where there was no bruising.
She was already shaking her head before he finished his question. “I’m not against it. I love that lad. He’s a sweetheart and a good person but I don’t want to watch my boy longing for someone who may never want him back.” She sighed, rubbing at her temple. “You know him like no one else.”
James came over to Clint’s side of the couch, greeting Tony with a smile but quickly turning his gaze back onto his sleeping fella, running his fingers through his hair and then leaning to press a few featherlight kisses to his forehead.
“My presence might not exactly be the best influence on Sam’s business,” James said.
A few days later Howard stormed into the kitchen. He was obviously already drunk but sober enough to have answered the phone earlier.
Now it was more of a safe house situation. Everyone was constantly exhausted, constantly on edge, and missing Clint and Tony more and more as the days went by.
James scoffed, why was Steve the way he was? James leaned against the wall, eyeing Tony. Did he really know so little about Steve? Steve spent eighty-percent of their time together talking about this kid. He had immunity in all of Brooklyn and yet he knew jackshit about the man. Did he even know Steve was a mob boss?
Clint knew that after hearing all of that, what James probably
Jones shook his head. “Unlike Jim, I’m prepared to give my life for the man who saved mine.” And it was true. Steve, being who he was, had taken significant risks for the safety of his team. A bullet in the back for Dugan, shrapnel in his lower leg for Jones and another bullet—though it only nicked his skin—on his right arm for Falsworth. Every time he’d pushed them out of the way and stopped what would’ve been a quick death. “If he can't return a life for a life as the bare minimum of his loyalty to you, I don’t give much worth to his. Dugan and I owe you double now to make up for that sorry waste of space.”
“Welcome home,” Tony said and set his book aside, feeling rather impolite just sitting there doing nothing.
James pulled out two cigars, offered one to Steve who declined, and then tucked the other away. Once it was cut, he lit up. He blew a puff of smoke at the ceiling, his eyes sliding to Steve, a sly smile on his face. “How good-looking are we talking?”
it. “
Clint took a moment and then walked over to Tony, bending down in front of him. “You okay?”
Steve warmed at the words, grinning and ducking his head. He was so happy he didn’t know what to do. When he finally looked up, he could barely contain his smile. “Well, I’m glad to hear it.”
“I’ll see you then,” Steve said.
Tony got up to get pain meds for Clint just in case.
“Restoration company?” Steve and James said at the same time.
“You and James can both be in my class. He’s still learning too,” Clint said, stage-whispering as if James couldn’t hear. “He’s
like women!” James smiled and Clint continued. “You could find yourself a nice gal, settle down. Not me. I’ve never been attracted to women and I wouldn't even know where to start to fake it. ‘Hey, nice absence of a penis. That’s super sexy.’ Doesn’t sound great, does it?”
“You crack me up, Pep.” He let out a sigh when he sat back down in front of her at the dining table.
“Whatever’s comfortable. We’ve got a bit of a drive up to Ballycastle ahead of us.”
“Steve,
He dropped his face down into Tony’s hair and sighed softly. “I am,” he admitted. “Very much so. I can’t wait to show you around. Are you excited?”
“How does 2pm sound?” Benni cheered and got up to run around. Tony was just about to scold his brother but Sarah placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Hm, hope he does.” They were good friends, went way back, but this was the mob and ears were everywhere. Not all their men could be trusted entirely. Especially not when one of these men ran the Russian mob and the other the Irish. “Let’s drink to it.
James sat up, his turn to be shocked.
this is far from the end but thank you so much to all those of you who read, regularly comment and especially to those who have been reading since we posted chapter 1. You know who you are and we are so appreciative of people like you! <3
“I,” he began, pointing to his heart to mean ‘love’, “him and I know they’ll find us but don’t you think we should at least try?”
Tony looked to his left where Clint had been just moments ago and when he couldn’t see him panic rose inside of him. Before he could give into it there was a hand on his shoulder. A firm grip but not one that hurt. He was gently pushed back down in his bed. A bed? Only then he realized he was in an actual bed. In a hospital bed. One glance to his right and there he was.
“How do you just ask me that and not even know why?”
” Benni asked, still holding Tony’s hand and Tony nodded.
The man clicked the missed calls icon and the call connected. He put it to his ear but not until after Steve had seen the name and his eyebrows shot up.
Pepper put a hand on top of his and gave him the softest look he had ever seen on her face.
“What? What did I do?”
Yeah, for this poor bastard Dmitri and Dugan had caught, the warehouse was his worst nightmare.
Together they finished doing the dishes, putting everything away and Sarah put the finishing touches on the table which was now covered under a beautiful table cloth. Tony changed the water in the vase and put the flowers back into it. Somehow he knew that Steve had gotten his mother those flowers.
Steve nodded without hesitation and they drove to the cemetery where Maria and Daniella Stark were buried. From a nearby flower shop Tony bought two bouquets of their favorite flowers—red and white roses for Maria, and two kinds of daisies for Daniella-and headed for their gravestones. They had been buried next to each other and even though Tony had never come back there after their funerals, he knew exactly where to find them.
“Hi, Nat.” She grinned and hooked her fingers around his when he offered them. “So, he’s not dead?”
“Just some water, please,” he said, still trying to remember everything he said. When Tony returned, Steve spoke again. “I’m still sorry. I shouldn’t have done that in the first place.”
Arriving back at the house, Steve snuck in silently to stash the ring in his briefcase and then made his way downstairs, making an effort to make noise at the entrance to let the others know he was home.
“That’s scary alright,” Tony nodded. “I wouldn’t want Sarah’s wrath on me.” He looked over his shoulder, scared she might pop up right behind him and give him one of her stern looks. “Hm?” He turned back to Steve. “Picking up Benni and her siblings from school and walking around a bit. We don’t do much when we’re out. She likes taking walks and says it’s good for the kids.” He rolled his eyes and shrugged.
show off.
,” he said, putting stress on the words rather than say anything too triggering. “I found you first. Got that
and Benni went home. James took a phone call and I’m still here,” he explained softly. “It’s early afternoon and you’re safe.” He fixed his hair again.
Tony didn’t even bother to comment on Steve’s behavior with words or his facial expression. Instead he placed the papers on Steve’s lap. “This account here. Dugan takes part of the money—20.25 if you want to know—every week and puts it in this account with no name. Every week for about four, nearly five months now. Which means more than $500 is in an account that doesn’t even exist in these books. They’re my books, Steve. Someone planned for this to go unnoticed. So either I’m no better than your last accountant or this is your doing.”
Clint hadn’t quite realized just how easily he accepted the things James told and asked of him. Of course there was the occasional push back but only when he felt like teasing him or trying to ruin a surprise but the majority of the time, Clint’s answer was a simple ‘yes.’ He’d never been one to just ‘follow instructions’ or ‘do as he was told.’ Especially not when they came from other people.
Natalia had let James know before that Clint was not a materialistic guy. He enjoyed being spoiled by James because it was fun and he knew that it was James’ way of showing his love and affection, but he could also very easily do without it if ever James were to lose his money. Clint had told Natalia this himself.
They headed to the kitchen when Sarah called them, ready to serve the soup. It was a lot quieter with Clint and James now back in their own home. It felt odd to not have them there now that he had gotten so used to them but he also knew that it was better this way. It wasn’t like they just could stay together forever, ignoring their lives.
“I did,” he said before James could finish. “I did. I loved you something awful. And then you broke it off. You broke it off and I put on a brave face while you dated all those other birds and I made myself get over you. Why-why.” He stopped to calm himself. “Why did you do it?”
Sarah laughed. “Have you met me, James? Of course I knew.” James shook his head lightly and stopped at the door, looking at the ground. She grabbed his hand and he met her eyes, a sad smile on his face.
Benni giggled and shook his head, starting to explain why the moon wasn’t a planet. Tony looked up when he heard the front door close.
Clint lowered his voice even more. “I don’t think we’re that heavily guarded at night. In the beginning when they used to wake me up all the time, maybe. But now? I still think that theory needs testing but here’s hoping.”
“I’m not trying to compare you to James. I’m trying to tell you that the more I got to know you, saw you take care of Benni, get up every day despite what you were going through, come see me and barely even flinch at being brought before a mob boss… I
Steve was glaring at him and when he caught sight of it, he cocked an eyebrow, the first person to challenge Steve in a while at one of these meetings.
“Not to mention I shot him three times in the leg. So no, he won’t be going anywhere, let alone near you or Tony,” Nat said, sounding just as protective as James. It was weird hearing Tony’s name come from Nat’s mouth. Those were two worlds that hadn’t collided yet in Clint’s mind.
“So, Benni. How’s life treatin’ ya in the new corner?” Pepper asked.
“He’s sleepy,” Benni answered.
When Tony was done with the dishes, Sarah thanked him as she always did and they headed for the living room. Steve had lifted Benni up to his shoulders and Benni held on with two hands stuck to Steve’s forehead.
“Sam, Tony. Tony, Sam,” Steve introduced. “Long story short, he’s Rhodes’ roommate. He got drunk, climbed the fire escape to the wrong apartment, and slept on our couch. Rhodey’s coming to get him.”
much better. Still not your coffee but…” he trailed off, turning slowly to look at Tony and Falsworth. “If it’s alright, why don’t the two of you go and pick it up? And bring back anything else you deem worthy,” he instructed them, looking at Tony as he spoke.
“Do you like dogs?” Clint asked, nibbling on his bread roll, saving the spam for last.
“You take such good care of me,” Clint said, smiling up at him. James rolled his eyes. “No, I mean it. Thank you.” James moved his newspaper aside and looked over at Clint who was still smiling, propped up on his elbows now. He studied his face for a moment and then bent to kiss him.
Bucky’s sentence broke off suddenly, his head cocking to the side and Jessica imitated him, Steve glancing around and trying to figure out what they were hearing. Before Steve could speak up, the other two took off running and Steve went right after them.
James glanced over at Maria who still did not seem bothered in the least and then he went back to Natalia.
,” he said, yawning as he entered. It must’ve been a public holiday as well otherwise Benni would be getting ready for school. Sarah would never have let him miss a day for no reason.
“And what do you want it to say?” she asked, taking the watch and placing it gently into its case.
The annual meeting of all the bosses in the city had taken place earlier in the year as it always did on the last Monday in March. With Bakuto dead, conversation took a slightly different turn from the usual discussion of their booming business and any disturbances that needed to be taken care of. Instead, the table was quieter than usual and James and Steve had been under no illusion that it was for any reason other than the fact that they had killed someone who formerly sat at the table and didn’t have a scratch on themselves with which to tell the tale.
“One day that could be nice,” he said, though he didn’t entirely see himself living the village life. He yawned, shifting, and he gasped in pain, his hand going to his side. “It’s fine,” he quickly told Tony. “I just moved wrong.” He was feeling heavier and heavier, exhaustion threatening to take him more so than sleep. He wasn’t sleepy, he was tired. Two very different states of being.
“We didn’t order these,” Sam told him.
Someone brought coffee for the three of them and that was it for the longest time in Tony’s life. In the back of his mind he knew no one would be there when Benni got home. Someone at the office would probably take care of him. Hopefully the boy wouldn’t get into trouble or feel bad.
“You’re on board with this?”
you won’t have to be here much longer. I just don’t want to do anything to jeopardize your recovery,” James said softly, pressing a kiss to his hair and then another to his forehead. Clint hummed in appreciation for the forehead kiss and James gave him a few more, looking up when he heard someone knock on the door.
Steve turned to look at the clock. It was 8:45am. He wasn’t going to work today. He’d just decided and if Tony didn’t want to, he didn’t have to either. He told Tony this and waited for his response.
“I just learned that my boss isn’t coming in. Guess I’m having me an off day too,” he said with a grin.
Bucky was the first one to speak since only Sam knew who he was but he was too confused to say anything just yet.
Tony tried his hardest not to but couldn’t help chuckling weakly at the bad joke. “An Oreo would be great. I’d prefer a proper meal,” he said, his chin resting on the palm of his hand.
Steve hesitated. And then he followed Tony hastily and he grabbed him by his arm, looking him in his eyes, urgency in his actions.
“Who’s
“Can I just be Benni?”
“I’m sorry,” he said sincerely. “I just saw what happened to that Allen boy and then to the Potts kid and I couldn’t bring myself to tell anyone else but James after that.”
“Alright,” Steve sighed, leaning against the wall opposite Clint. “Listen.”
. Holding Tony now grounded him, helped remind him why nothing else mattered. If what he was and how he felt was wrong, he didn’t care. He was worth being wrong. “You’re still mine,” Steve said, pressing a kiss into his hair.
Seconds later he felt Clint tap his shoulder and give him a questioning look.
“No need to apologize. I should’ve known better than to do something like that after waking you the other day,” he said, keeping the conversation away from that afternoon. He watched Tony, his hands, his eyes, the way he held his shoulders and how he sat. Even the distance he had put between himself and Steve.
happy.” Natalia looked away again and Clint dipped his head down to try and catch her eye. “Nat, you’re the only family I got and, believe me, James knows how much you mean to me. He also knows that if we did ever decide to leave, we’d be taking you and Maria with us. That’s non-negotiable and if Maria doesn’t want to go, we will just have to trick her.”
Steve and Benni played together—Steve even drew some pictures that Benni described as ‘okay for a beginner’—for another two hours before Benni was rubbing his tired eyes and barely staying upright. Steve pulled him into his arms and stood, carrying him upstairs. Sarah followed, helping him get Benni ready for bed. Benni insisted he would shower in the morning, too tired to shower tonight and after a little back and forth, he got to go straight to sleep after brushing his teeth.
“Kindergarten!”
“Files?” Steve asked.
. He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d seen his mother, let alone gotten a hug.
“Anything you want me to look over? I… I haven’t even
“And... you kept doing this even after giving me a home? A job? Everything I could ever ask for? Thinking I’d change my mind?” He dropped the pen and rubbed both hands over his face.
“Didn’t say that. It certainly would be a very hands on insurance business. And wow, you don’t want to miss a single payment.” He grinned too, taking Steve’s hand and pressing a kiss onto his palm. “You certainly give back when it’s due.”
Natalia narrowed her eyes.
“Thanks, Barton, but I have to make a quick stop. I’ll be back before you’re done.” He headed off down the street still in his turnout gear minus the jacket. He stopped in front of the garage with the bright red and gold lettering and went inside.
“And the other reasons?”
fucking hair is out of place on either of their heads,” Steve began, holding up a finger, “just know that we’ll be holding you personally responsible. Whatever happens to them, happens to you.”
“Sadly too true.” James turned to look at Steve, see the concern in his eyes and features, the way he held his jaw tight. “What is it?”
“July is hot.” Tony swallowed a bit when he said that, his mind automatically going to a sleeping, half-naked Steve with bedhead. Yes, Steve was
Just then Sarah and Benni came in and they had help carrying the groceries. James was behind them with two paper bags of groceries in his arms.
While Clint was taking care of the potatoes, Tony put down the dough and fitted it into a pie pan. “There’s a crime show on the radio Benni really likes. That’ll be on tonight. There’s more than one radio here but only Benni and Sarah listen to it.” Just as he finished his sentence, he heard Benni coming up the stairs. He liked to go through the office to see Dugan and Jones if they had time for him.
for that, not resentful. And he knew he had no basis for jealousy either.
“Okay,” Benni agreed happily, leaning up a little to look at Clint. “Do you speak another language?” Benni seemed very interested in the chance to learn as much as he could.
“Guess I’m done,” Steve said bitterly, tossing the book onto the table beside the bed. “What is it?”
“I’m really not tired and I won’t leave you to all this work.” She laughed softly, closing her eyes as she did. Steve looked exactly like his mother. How Tony wished he looked like his mother too.
yes, that’s perfect. Have a preference? Or rather, anything you hate with a passion?
Steve laughed, pleasantly surprised at how comfortable Tony was talking to him now. He
“In a way. Though I’d appreciate if you didn’t tell anyone that.”
Tony’s first instinct was to move away but after only a few seconds he convinced his body to stay where he was. “I’m... fine,” he said, breathless as looked at Steve. He wanted him. And he was right there. “It’s alright,” he told him again.
“I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that,” James said and then handed Steve the water he was ignoring. “Drink.”
Steve stretched his long legs and he ended up spreading them in a way that his thigh touched Tony’s knee. He looked at Tony and Tony nodded in response. He didn’t mind. Steve was warm, his muscles firm.
. Saying that I hate that man is an understatement,” he said, his voice shaking from the anger. “He said that if I ever reported him, fought him, anything of that sort, he’d turn to Benni instead.” Tony had to say those words again. They were the reason why he had fought so hard to keep going. “Whatever you’re doing to him, know that he deserves worse.”
The two guards in front of Mr Rogers’ building looked at Tony and simply let him in, but not without asking about his cute girlfriend. He simply smiled and headed inside. Why would they think he’d make his girlfriend work with him? Jones gave him the usual pat down and Tony tried his hardest not to flinch when he hit a sore spot.
“Was there an address on the van?” James added.
him anywhere else. He wanted him first and foremost right where he could see him for protective reasons. Then for selfish reasons, he enjoyed his company and looking over every now and then this morning had really been a stress relief all on its own.
Tony gave Steve a look when he replied in English. “Nice to meet you, Pinky,” he replied and shook his head. “So, how do you know each other?”
“I’m not but I never wanted to have to fight for my life again either. No matter how stupid that is. Seeing as I’m with a mob boss.” He sighed and focused on Clint’s words instead. His mind was made up even if Tony’s wasn’t. That was obvious. He had thought through every detail and had an answer to every doubt Tony had. “How…” He had to pause, his voice shaking. “How am I getting out of here?”
“And we get free use of everything included in the mansion?” Natalia asked again.
James was running his fingers through Clint’s hair slowly, watching him sleep. After a moment, Clint stretched, moving Tony’s arm with his, and looked up at James. Still holding Tony’s hand he signed ‘sorry’ and James simply shook his head and sat down beside him, kissing him quickly.
“I didn’t realize you were bringing the whole shop back,” Sarah said, a smile on her face. Steve said nothing. He didn’t joke and tease with anyone lower down than Falsworth. He didn’t consider it particularly good for their confidence in him.
“I promise you, love,” he said, kissing up his side, “I’m alright. Doc cleared me.” He couldn’t get enough of Tony, every spot he kissed was hot and perfect and every sound made and reaction he had just made things even better. He had wanted this for way too long and now to finally be getting it? Steve couldn’t imagine it any better than it was.
Tony’s hands were working on Steve’s belt and Steve’s hands held Tony’s face steady while he kissed him. Steve was dirty about it which Tony hadn’t expected, his tongue greedy and wanting, his lips practically illegal.
Tony was still in thought about what he was talking about with Dugan while turning around. Seeing Steve standing there like he owned the whole world, radiating confidence and looking absolutely gorgeous, Tony fell in love with him all over again.
“Shoulder and wrist, sir,” he said quietly and stared into the black liquid as if it would change anything.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Clint said, tears stinging his eyes, his throat dry. He swallowed and it helped.
Clint nodded, another tear falling that he wiped away this time. James kissed him again. It was sweet and loving and full of reassurance.
This time Clint didn’t shower. Not with his cast. James ran him a hot bath and helped him in, his cast hanging out of the tub and James sat behind Clint on the edge of the tub, washing his hair, his body, massaging his shoulders and neck. Clint melted into every single touch.
He had already bought the tickets for their outgoing flight and was working on the French end of things when Clint walked in.
Sorry for the delay, Im95notdead (me) was traveling and unable to edit and post but to make up for it, please enjoy this 10k+ chapter.
, hear the difference?” He nodded. “Alright, grand. Anythin’ else?”
At first he started dialing Steve’s number. “
. Now, while you do that, I’ll check up on Clint. There’s coffee downstairs.” He patted Steve’s cheek and pressed a kiss to it.
They were
“You know me, always gotta be the best at everything,” Tony joked weakly, mussing his hair one last time before attempting to style it.
James laughed. “No, not really. I’m Jewish.”
Tony ran his fingers through his hair again before squirting more product out onto his fingers and trying a fourth time. Usually he did a quick sweep through of his left hand and then his right hand and boom—he was styled and ready to go. But today his hair absolutely refused to cooperate. Nothing he did seemed to fix it and he was one last attempt from screaming.
“I know,” Steve laughed, “and then we both met Sam our first year at the academy. What about you?”
“It’s not like that. If you think I deserved protection from my dad, he does too,” Steve said firmly, leaving no room for negotiation.
They laid in Steve’s bed—because Tony’s was big but Steve’s was bigger and he had an en-suite bathroom—and Steve held Tony in his arms, his cheek over Steve’s heart, listening to the steady beat. Sometimes Tony would press a kiss to his skin and Steve’s heart would speed up for a moment.
Winter raised his glass. “
James rolled over onto his face for the fiftieth time in two hours. He hadn’t been able to manage even five minutes of sleep and yet when he thought about going downstairs and conversing, his body felt heavy and his mind felt worn out.
Tony didn’t feel like working on Monday. Not with his mind anyway. He wanted simple physical labor, idle chatter during the day, being physically exhausted at the end of it so he could just fall asleep. Falsworth offered to teach him boxing but Tony wasn’t about to start hitting things, or worse, people. Dugan then offered to do strength training with him. Something they had done in the army while they served. And finally Jones suggested Tony could always go for a run, saying that was what helped him every now and then.
“Did. You. Know. About. The. Kidnappings,” James asked again, enunciating each word carefully, his tone bordering on a snarl.
“Yes, of course.” His heart fluttered. Some things were still too alien to Tony for him to take for granted. “And if you ever can’t find Lucky, you can probably find him here.”
va bene? (Italian) - all good?
“I promise,” he told him honestly, hearing the fear in his voice. “I promise.”
Clint smiled. “Jello?”
The next morning at breakfast as he was getting ready to go to the office, Steve hesitated, turning to Tony. He knew he was tired of the inactivity and despite wanting him to experience a little R&R, Steve knew what it was like to suddenly find himself doing nothing when previously such a thing didn’t exist for him. Even now it was difficult for him to just sit back and relax.
“It’ll hurt,” Steve said softly.
So that conversation had gone much better than Clint expected though he
“Is that a pun? Did you just make a pun, Bruce?”
“Microwave.”
like.”
The alarm rang again.
Clint’s eyes slid to Tony and he just couldn’t shake the suspicion that he still felt. He tried to remember anything he knew about Tony from James.
Tony didn’t know if he had any expectations at all but if he had, this was much better than anything he could have come up with by himself. He bit down on his lip, effectively biting back his moans, and clinging to Steve while he felt his hand on him. Even through the layers of clothing he felt the warmth of Steve’s hand, making him moan into the kiss.
“Hey,” he said, going back to looking. “Need something?”
“So, while your friends dig into the baked goodness, wanna finally give me a tour? It’s only been six years,” Tony said, trying not to smirk but the harder Rhodey glared, the more tempting it was.
a sex life again for you.” Sam was holding back a laugh at Bucky’s bluntness. When it came to work, he respected and obeyed the hell out of Steve but as soon as they set foot outside that firehouse, they left ranks behind and no one was safe.
“Why?”
can sleep.”
“Morning, morning, we shooting shit?” Clint asked, coming down the stairs in his sleep clothes and a robe, yawning. Lucky was at his feet and came over to greet James who scratched the pup’s neck.
“Why should something that happens to everyone make you pathetic?” Steve asked, his voice casual despite being ever so slightly offended at the idea. He didn’t look at Tony, just kept handing him dishes to dry.
“I feel like there is a lot about him I’ve yet to see.”
: not big on sushi, I’ll eat just about everything else though
“Much,” Clint answered, rolling his ankle slowly, leaning his weight against James who supported him easily and absently, a few miles away mentally as he thought about how to keep Clint’s mood up. “I almost forgot what my leg looked like.” James pressed a kiss to Clint’s cheek. “Hey, can we get lunch?”
It was two weeks later and Tony was working on the receipts Dugan had brought over. Steve was bored out of his mind and this was the only way to keep him somewhat happy. It didn’t always work—like right now—but it usually did the trick.
Steve was putting his jacket on when James approached him, which still put Dugan on edge but not because he didn’t trust the man—he knew James and Steve were childhood friends, he himself was on good terms with James—but because he was infinitely scarier than Steve.
Tony, Sam, and Carol followed the doctor through the doors and down a corridor to a small room where Rhodey was lying in the bed, his eyes closed. He had a few scrapes and bandages but like the doctor said, he looked fine all things considered.
“Tony,” Rhodey began, bringing his hand up to his face and sighing despite the traitorous smile playing on his lips. “Why would I know how Steve is in bed? Don’t even—whatever. I’m just glad you had a good time. Second date?”
It was around noon that Sarah nearly dozed off, even if it was just for a second.
He’d had everything else that seemed important moved from the deli to the room he’d set up for Tony in his own house. His room was right beside Benni’s and a door connected them for easy access. It was a few doors down from Steve’s own room and across the hall from Sarah’s.
“I mean… we can still have Christmas,
Steve turned, his expression deadly but softening instantly when his eyes fell on Tony. He let out a deeply frustrated sigh and dragged a hand down his face.
Clint felt the guilt wash over him now as the weight of his words sunk in. He hadn’t intended to say that out loud. Yes, it
“Not quite a plan but the beginnings of one. These are my suspects.”
James took his plate and then Clint’s, pouring them some wine. Clint watched James slide his hand under Clint’s thigh, very confused, until he lifted Clint’s leg and rested it on top of his own, elevating his foot. It felt so much better and Clint relaxed, earning himself a satisfied, chaste kiss from James.
“Then we should make our own tradition on our own day.”
He moved his hand up, palming him through his trousers and Tony's reaction was absolutely gorgeous. Steve grunted, squeezing briefly and releasing. He tilted his head back to look at Tony, catching his open mouth in a kiss.
Tony smiled at the last sentence. “Sometimes I can’t sleep and then I just turn and watch Steve sleep. I know I could easily wake him and I know that he would want me to do that, in order for me to not be alone.” He paused and shook his head. “But what he doesn’t know is that watching him sleep is all I need on those nights.”
“N-no, sir, but I don’t see the problem,” he lied.
“Tony?” Steve asked about an hour later. “Be a dear and go find Falsworth, wouldja? I’m in dire need of a cup o’joe.” Tony got up to leave and a moment later came back with the man and his coffee pot.
They were quiet. Just sitting there holding hands, Sarah’s head on his shoulder and she hummed a song. Steve stared at the wall, thinking over what they’d discussed and the last few days.
He searched the room but couldn’t find the reason why he had woken up. He sat up to look down at the tray with the empty plate and cup. No, they didn’t bring him food. The door was closed, which meant no one had meant to wake him up. And yet, Tony could hear yelling and loud noises from outside his door. When he listened closer, they sounded almost panicked.
Steve shuddered in bed. It was the first time in a while that he felt disgusted by who he was. Not a mobster but rather who he liked. He’d enjoyed having his hair played with but had Tony enjoyed doing it? Had Steve…
Before heading out into the cold Steve wrapped Tony in his coat and Dugan opened the car door for him. It was nice to not be exposed to the icy wind.
. And his orientation is
“Steve and Stark got freaky last night but didn’t arrange a second date,” Bucky explained and Steve blushed a deep crimson. Sam laughed, shaking his head and going over to start a pot of oatmeal.
“Yeah, I
Benni was hugging Lucky, still pouting because he didn’t want to accept that Clint was taking the dog back with him. On weekends Lucky had barely ever left Benni’s side, even when the boy was napping or reading a book. Even though Tony hadn’t always liked dogs, he did have to admit that he was sad to see this sunshine in dog form go.
James would come for him. He knew it and he just had to keep it together until then.
“I only notice all the hot girls.”
Before the boy could answer her, Tony did by simply looking at her. He didn’t know how much of Steve’s life was actually public knowledge and he wasn’t about to risk giving anything away. No matter to whom. Pepper didn’t push further, Benni understood and that was that.
Tony knew he wouldn’t want that but that wasn’t the point of why he had brought it up. “I’ve never seen a cottage. They say they’re really cozy and comfortable,” he said with a soft voice. It didn’t matter what he said. He just wanted to take Steve’s mind off the things that were bothering him. And so he told Steve in great detail what he imagined a cottage to be like. And what he would like to have in it and Steve drifted off to sleep.
When they finally got into bed, Clint could barely keep his eyes open. He was clean and his body felt better and less battered than it had in a long while. His head was on James’ chest and James was playing with his hair, making sleep seem like the only option.
Tony chewed the inside of his cheek but forced himself not to look away.
He grabbed Steve by his waistcoat and moved him over away from the shelves and up against the flat wall, his hands still firmly gripping him. Steve was so confused, mistaking this for aggression, the worry in his face.
“What do you think I did while you were away?” he asked, his eyes dropping to Clint’s cast and then raising back up. He and Clint hadn’t talked about it but Phil was an intelligent man, fully aware of exactly who James was and that he must have powerful, vengeful enemies. Phil didn’t need to be told what had happened, he was more than capable of figuring it out on his own. He’d even come with Natalia to visit Clint at the hospital.
“What? What?” he asked, panicked after being pulled from such a deep sleep. He turned his head, his eyes zeroing in on the food at the door.
He watched him go and then looked back to Mr Rogers. The firmness of his words made everything better.
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Why was he talking about things that made him this anxious? “What about you? You probably have a lot more friends than just me.” He leaned back, crossing a leg underneath him just to be more comfortable.
“I’m just gonna sleep. You can go if you want,” Steve said, refusing to make eye contact.
“I get it,” Steve began before James could continue, “sometimes I see Tony and he’s… distant. Like he’s trapped inside his own mind and I don’t know if it’s a protection or if he’s stuck with all the badness and suffering and it breaks my heart. I… I can’t even look at myself.”
“Well,” James said, turning a smile towards Clint that was incredibly contagious and now Clint was grinning back like a crazy person. A crazy person head over heels in love. “Now that you mention it, I guess I’ll just have to keep you warm, won’t I? Maybe a blanket, some snuggling. But I don’t know. Does that sound too horrible?”
Maria’s measurements?”
“Fair enough.”
“He’s got a point,” James said around a mouthful of potatoes, his posture relaxed now and his elbows on the table. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
When he found it sunk in between the couch cushions, he looked down at it and Steve moved closer to him. He had seventeen missed calls and eight texts all from the same person.
“We had a nice meal and then… we had dessert.”
Tony watched the interaction between Clint and James. For the first time he saw James’ soft side, one he didn’t know would be
Benni went to school, came back later and spent time in the shop to do his homework there and Tony still hadn’t seen Howard. Maybe he died in his sleep. Maybe he had a heart attack. Or drank himself to death. Maybe they were finally free.
Seeing as James and Sarah seemed to need a moment to convince themselves that Steve was really there and would be okay, Tony wanted to give them that. Now that he was out of surgery and in his bed, there was no way Tony would leave his side anytime soon.
Tony rolled his eyes and took Steve’s hand. He didn’t feel like talking so instead he led them to the library where tea and biscuits were set out on the small table by the couch.
“You’re positive the boy’s not just feeling like he has to?”
Steve chuckled. “Uh-oh, I think you know me too well.” He reached for his coffee and took a sip before he spoke, still looking at the coffee now that he was just the tiniest bit ashamed of his actions. Especially when he stopped to think about how he would feel if James had done it to Tony. “I may or may not have ambushed James’ fella this morning to see what he knows.”
Sam was nursing a pretty sore back after some wooden stairs out of the basement had collapsed and he and Clint hit the concrete floor pretty hard. Wanda and Okoye looked them both over; just a few bruises and stiff necks, no serious damage, but a few hours had passed and it was definitely getting worse.
He narrowed his eyes at Steve and said, “I like your suit. When did you buy it? The American civil war?” Steve snorted, patting the spot beside him for Tony to sit if he wanted. James’ jaw tightened but only for a second. Long enough for Sarah to catch it however and for her heart to continue to ache.
“Come on, Sarah,” he said, getting frustrated, “just because he hasn’t said the words doesn’t make them any less true or obvious. I know you know. Of course you do. If you knew I loved him and I like to think I hide it well, then you can also see he loves Tony.”
“Missed you. And that. Didn’t think—” He broke off to yawn—“didn’t think we’d get to again,” he mumbled, nuzzling his face against James’ pec as if it were a pillow and he was trying to make it more comfortable. James would’ve thought it was adorable if not for the words coming out of Clint’s mouth. “Hurt so much… an’ I didn’ get’ta say bye… but…”
Tony bit the inside of his cheek and looked to Pepper. “I injured my wrist, sir. It made carrying the plate difficult.”
“Five dollars,” he said quickly, his eyes darting to Steve and then away again. Steve was listening but it didn’t look like it from where he was peacefully eating his sandwich and drinking his coffee. And thinking more about that boy.
“I don’t doubt he has houses all over Europe, but any reason why France specifically?”
“If you’d like, you can ask Benni directly. He would love to ask you more. I told him not to.” When Steve got up, Tony sat up as well but got distracted by Steve’s barely dressed figure in front of him. “Hm? Oh, of course not.” He shook his head but stayed in place. “Do you think she’ll mind? That... it’s me?”
Steve left a moment later, one of James’ men opening the door for him and shutting it again, giving him a small greeting as he passed.
Clint’s eyes widened. “What? You let—you sent
Benni got up, walked right up to them, and they left, Tony explaining to Benni why they were going to stay with James.
“Won’t it be awkward for
Steve shook his head, dropping his gaze for a moment. “No, it’s just me. My mom passed away last year. Bucky and Sam are the closest thing I have to siblings.”
Tony didn’t know what to do. Sarah had pulled him away to hug him. She wasn’t upset or mad. Tony hadn’t done anything wrong? After a few moments in silence he allowed himself to relax. And after a while longer he wrapped an arm around her to be closer to her comforting warmth. Resting against Steve had been peaceful and warm but resting against Sarah... He closed his eyes and breathed in her gentle perfume and other comforting scents.
“Sweetheart,” Clint called and James stopped and turned around. “Just a quick question.” James motioned for him to continue. “Would we ever leave Natalia?”
“So, what?” Steve asked, knowing it was meant for him since Bucky had his headphones on listening to music.
Bucky nodded. “I saw his hands when he pushed open the back doors.”
Steve moved his hand to curl his fingers around Tony’s hand. He opened his eyes fully to the bright room, to James standing with his arm around Sarah and her there with her tissue and bright red nose. He gave them a small smile. Then his eyes found Tony and for a moment he forgot about his pain.
“So James just
“Be a dear and take care of the dishes,” Sarah said to no one in particular. Or so Tony thought. “
“Mr Romanov, uh, I—”
“I’ll be back with Steve and James as soon as I can,” he promised Clint, one hand on his shoulder. This didn’t feel right. Why couldn’t they both make a run for it? “I’ll take the keys and lock the door from outside.” Then at least they wouldn’t find the keys in Clint’s possession, which would probably spare him physical consequences.
Steve debated what he wanted to say—because what was
“Oh god, don’t remind me,” Bucky groaned, finally happy with the coffee, pouring a cup for everyone in the room.
“Ugh, you’re the worst wingman, you know that?”
Clint watched his mouth carefully. He noticed Tony was over-enunciating for his benefit and appreciated the effort. His eyes widened at that information. That hadn’t even occurred to him and he didn’t know why. Maybe because he couldn’t hear if the men were frantic or not. He just knew they were angry and then they had moved.
“This is not the pair I was expecting to see,” James mused, sitting up further. “Everything alright?”
“Looking good,
“We also run the risk of any of his men seeing that that ambulance isn’t being used for its intended purpose,” Steve reasoned.
He gave his brother a soft kiss on his cheek and told him to go back to sleep before finally heading down to the shop. Twenty-four hours without a beating was the longest time since... Tony couldn’t even remember the last time he had this much time without. It was so long that Tony wondered if he had had another black out and simply didn’t remember anything happening. It also left him jumpier than usual, always expecting Howard to come in and hit him for whatever reason he could find.
She sighed loudly and then stepped back to allow Tony his moment as well. Sam came to see Rhodey too, after Steve and Bucky he was the teammate he was the closest to, but he waited by the door.
“It’s alright. Don’t you worry about me. My left hand is worse than the right but Steve just wants to be extra careful.” He smiled when he thought about the conversation that he and Steve had had in the bathroom. “Can I ask you something? And please be honest with your answer.”
“He’s inside waiting,” he told him, keeping his voice soft and opening the door. The kid seemed a tad skittish.
Tony listened to every word and nodded. This was going to be the difficult part since he was so used to being himself with Steve.
Again Tony could do nothing but watch James leave. He didn’t even get to thank him for bringing Benni.
“No.”
Clint was speechless. “I… thank you.”
His hair was a mess, all ruffled up. His arms were around one pillow, one half of his face pressed against another one, his lips slightly parted. And dear lord, he wasn’t wearing a shirt. Steve Rogers wasn’t wearing a shirt. And his sleeping pants were hanging awfully low. And Tony couldn’t move, only stare. There were smaller scars all over his back, some from knives, others looked more like scratches and tears. And was that a scar from a gunshot wound? After what felt like an eternity, Tony finally managed to breathe and move again.
In the back of his mind, he knew they were taking pictures of him bleeding and thin to send to James. Giving him incentive to give them whatever it was they wanted from him but all he could actually focus on was trying not to have a panic attack. He was determined to hold himself together. He
It was just when Tony was debating with himself whether or not he should nap for a bit when Steve gasped and his eyes opened.
Tony smiled weakly, his arms wrapped around his legs again. “I don’t think they planned for us to get taken away either.”
Steve gestured without any real meaning, stammering even with his hands it seemed. “I’m so far out of my element.”
“I’m so used to being alone but I prefer company,” Tony said and took a shaky breath.
“That’s Pepper, sir. She helps around the store.” Tony introduced her and kept his bandaged hand behind his back. “I needed her help today, is all.” He didn’t dare look at Mr Rogers. Hadn’t he asked permission? Why did they seem so upset?
He punched Steve firmly in his stomach and a second time in his stitches and Steve let out a groan, the blood pooling through into his shirt. Falsworth threw Steve’s guns away from him while he was blinded by the pain.
“No,” he said simply.
“Sorry you woke up,” Tony spoke softly, guiding Benni to his bed and making him curl up.
“Steve, my darling,” he said, moving towards him but Dugan put himself between them. Jones and Falsworth stood guard outside. They knew something was up but exactly what they weren’t keyed into.
But now at eight in the morning, Tony searched for his friend and found him in his own room asleep.
+  ~  +
,” he countered and then left again not long after, having somewhere else to be.
“The Irish want sandwiches. Now! You’re going to deliver them.” Tony stared at his father in disgust when he smelled his breath.
Steve was a few rooms down from James. Sarah was across the hall with Benni. Natalia and Dmitri were on the second floor below them. Dugan and Jones were the only two regulars who actually went home. Jones had siblings of his own to look after and Dugan had his fiancée. Maria was bunking over with some women from work just to be safe.
Clint chuckled. “It was only
He grabbed his hat and as soon as he stood, Dugan and Jones were standing too. He met eyes with Pepper and gave her a courteous nod and then Tony. Those beautiful brown eyes he saw every time he closed his eyes. The ones James had hoped to give him the other night but they just weren’t right. Those eyes that continued to shine despite the hardship he was enduring.
“I think we’re going to call it a night, everyone,” Steve told them with a small smile. He met James’ eyes and James raised a questioning eyebrow but Steve simply shook his head. He didn’t know what the issue was but maybe he had spent too long away from Tony today. A part of him secretly revelled in that; the idea that Clint’s presence really wasn’t enough, Tony still wanted him.
“You’re helping,” he reassured him. Steve nodded miserably.
“Shh, shh,” he said gently, listening to the heart monitor beep frantically as Clint spoke and tried to sit up again. He placed a hand on Clint’s chest and gently guided him back down again. “She wanted something to do and she took some of my men with her. If she can sneak up on me and after I saw what she did to Loki, there was no doubt in my mind that she could handle Bakuto and we were able to find out where his main office was. Besides, neither Steve nor I were going to miss out on being there to bring you two home and we couldn’t let him get away.”
“Don’t insult me like that,” he said, turning and finishing his thought in Russian so Howard would not understand, “
“I’m no doctor,” he began, “but if there’s one thing I’ve learned it’s that people need affection and hugs and to be the recipient of these things. Not just the giver. Does something funny to us when we go too long without it, no matter how old we may be.” He turned on the faucet to let more water into the sink. “James doesn’t have any family. At least not blood. Ma and I are his family. He’s a grown man. Head of the Russian mob, known for all kinds of horrors...” he trailed off for a moment, letting the words sink in, and then he turned his head to look at Tony just briefly while he spoke his next words, “...and he still needs that affection. Sometimes from me. Sometimes from ma. Likely why she visited him this morning.” Which was partially true even if Steve didn’t know it. “James is thirty. You’re eighteen. How much more so you need it and there’s nothing to be ashamed of for needing a basic human requirement.”
Tony had always loved the way Steve spoke English, especially when he was tired or relaxed. Now he found he preferred his accent when speaking Italian. It was absolutely beautiful.
James nodded and Steve said, “He confirmed one of the locations and told us all we need to know.”
, he thought to himself. Never again would he put Tony in a position to relive or remember what had happened if Steve could help it. He would even keep his own gun out of sight in case it might trigger him.
“That’s all I know. You’ll just have to convert for me but
“So?”
Steve and James had also both been doing a lot of planning together. It was for separate trips but they used their down time in the office to bounce ideas off of each other and come up with something their significant others’ would well and truly enjoy.
“You haven’t seen my boy when he’s hungry. Going to bed without dinner! Oh he’ll be hungry like a bear.” She smiled the way only a mother could and it was absolutely beautiful. Steve had told him he knew what Tony was going through, which meant Sarah had been witness to those things as well. And yet they had overcome it all. Did that mean Benni and Tony would too?
” James said, leaning down to press another kiss to Clint’s forehead, lingering. “Now, what do you want to eat? Come in the kitchen with me?”
“Well, Steve is very cute.”
Rhodey shrugged.
“Who shot you?”
James hummed. “Tony?”
“Thank you, Pep. I got nothing for you.”
James took it, slowly turning back to Loki who looked like he knew he was in trouble.
“James—”
They stopped in front of a grey door and looked at Tony. He gave them a silent nod before Steve opened the door and let Tony in first. Someone turned on the bright lights, making Howard cover his eyes. He was dressed poorly. He was thin, had grown a beard and looked exhausted. There were several wounds and bruises all over his body. Knowing who inflicted those on him made Tony feel good. It wasn’t a random act of violence. It was revenge.
“He’s a strong one alright.” Steve agreed. She put the bag of food on his desk and he opened it up to see the cottage hand pies from the place down the way. They were the best in the neighborhood but Steve didn’t often get out to pick some up. Sarah had a second bag for Tony. “How’s he doing?”
a little disgusting.
they were unfounded and silly and would only upset Tony.
She leaned against the wall, her arms crossed much like how Steve stood, a happy smile on her face but it was all lip and no teeth, laugh lines prominent on her face.
“What’s wrong? You’ve got those forehead creases,” James said, turning to face him and Clint lifted his hand to feel his forehead and sure enough, creases.
“You know... you don’t have to put up that front with me,” he said and placed a hand on top of the book. “You just found your match in stubbornness and hot-headedness.”
. I didn’t. I swear. Even when he told me to follow Barton, it was only in hopes that he would lead me to you,” Loki told him. “I had nothing to do with him being taken. Or whoever he took from you.” He glanced at Steve. “Are you going to kill me?” Loki asked, tentatively.
Tony took the water Steve offered him and drank steadily, his throat dry.
Steve’s mouth pulled up in the most satisfied smirk the world had ever seen. “I’m his Captain. At the firehouse.”
quiet.”
+  ~  +
“I’ll take one after breakfast.”
Tony was familiar with these moods but he didn’t want to bother with it right now.
“You first,” he said and winked at Steve.
“What?” James asked, unable to stop himself from smiling when Clint looked at him like that.
“You sure will be,” he said, closing his eyes briefly. “Oh look, there’s my room service.” Dmitri came in with a tray of food and a glass of apple juice and sat it down on Dugan’s lap. “Thanks,
“Me too,” Clint said, smiling. It had taken him thirty years and a lot of pain to finally find a safe space like this but he wouldn’t change a thing if it meant losing it. “Uh,” he began, trying to think of a story. “How about my and Nat’s wedding?” He turned to Tony with a grin, wiggling the finger with the ring and then started into it.
,” he said lovingly in Russian, shaking his head. Steve smiled. Sarah nodded in agreement with James, still combing her fingers through Steve’s hair.
Steve ground his jaw. “Then why wait to tell me?”
Steve could barely even focus on anything happening around them, too much on his mind with what the night promised.
.” Steve leaned all the way up now, his elbows rested on his knees, his face sincere but his tone non-negotiable. “I know it will take some gettin’ used to,” he said, dropping G’s the tireder he got but also the more relaxed he got. “But this—” he gestured to the room around him and then a wider motion to include the house “—is yours now. And Benni’s. Perhaps a slightly easier truth to accept for now is that no one can stop my ma from doin’ anythin’ she’s put her mind to.”
Dmitri still stood in the room with the surgeons, adding something before leaving as well. “I hope for your sake you know how serious he is.”
“Taking it apart and putting it back together kind of thing?” Tony asked, watching Steve. How did he even sit with a gun on him?
“So what’ve you two been talking about?”
At first his tears fell silently, which he was grateful for because he felt ashamed for crying. But then breathing became more difficult the more he cried and it ended in full on sobs and him hiding his face in her shoulder as he did.
wanted to know what I learned in school,” Benni answered proudly.
“I keep saying this, I know. Thank you, Steve,” Tony said and turned around. “It’s beautiful.” The thick curtains were dark blue and Steve stood with his back to them. He fit in perfectly with the room. His posture perfect, the jacket over his shoulders and one hand in his pocket. The contrast between the blue of the curtains and the blue of his eyes was astonishing.
“Please,” he sputtered and Steve just clicked his tongue in anger, pacing.
“He’ll be fine,” Steve said automatically, not entirely bothered with Clint at the moment as he watched blood run off of Tony’s hands and felt a tightening in his own chest.
“So what’s Steve’s schedule like?” Tony asked over dinner with Rhodey.
“Yeah, straight out of the academy. I was… twenty, so yeah, a while now,” he answered, thinking back. He almost forgot how long he’d been doing this job and he loved every second of it. Of course in the beginning he was a floater and did lots of other side jobs but then he’d been taken on by 616, by Fury, moved up the ranks to where he was now and he couldn’t imagine anything else.
“What do you expect us to do? Mail you the keys to our offices?” James asked.
The fingers around James’ knife tightened, the sound of his grip against the leather handle an audible strain. Through gritted teeth, he spoke, “
Steve nodded, still processing that everything was alright and no one was hurt as he grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him up with one swift movement, holding him to his side. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Back to bed?”
“It’s not right. I’m wrong for what I’m doing.”
With the help of the others, paramedics Okoye and Wanda got them loaded up into the two ambulances on scene and took off for the nearest hospital where everyone now waited to hear the prognosis.
“And Mr Rogers?”
“Tell me your thoughts on all of this,” Steve said after a moment. He knew he would have question upon question if the roles were reversed. Why did this man—
James’ expression darkened. “No, not yet. Steve and I have some unfinished business.”
“It’s in the past already. Like it never happened,” he said with a small smile, sending one Tony’s way. Tony was just sitting on the side of the bed now but still holding Steve’s hand. He looked shaken. “He’s in good hands, lad.”
Tony pushed the doors open with his back, his hands full with the donuts and other pastries he’d picked up from the bakery on his way over. He certainly didn’t want to come empty-handed plus Rhodey was less likely to hit him if he was carrying something.
Dugan nodded and left out again. Steve stood, fixing his waistcoat and moved to a shelf, pulling down two large folders. He set it on Tony’s table and then sat down beside him. He opened it up to a tab marked last month and then opened the other to reveal a bunch of papers. Some typed, some handwritten. “When you’re done eating, can you sort these into the appropriate month in chronological order?” They were accounts. All in Gaelic and shorthand to preserve the information but the dates and the amounts and such were perfectly understandable.
“Why are you so involved in my sex life?”
“How are you gettin’ back to Winter’s?” He asked just before he opened the door.
No, he wouldn’t ask that but he wanted to. He needed to know. Instead he simply nodded, his eyes still locked on Steve’s.
—James thought less of him?
Steve didn’t think twice, his body, his instincts, working faster than his mind and rationality. He reached out to Tony and pulled him into a hug and when his brain finally caught up to his arms he let go and he moved back, the apology in his eyes despite never coming out of his mouth.
Instinctively, Tony reached for where the dog tags would be to touch them and feel closer to Steve. For a second he forgot he put them under the cot for him to find and he got scared that they took them.
“He seems different, doesn’t he?”
Bucky snorted. “Sounds like I need to go drinking with you.” He sipped the coffee and then spat it back out. “Your coffee tastes like old bath water, Steve,” he complained, pouring it all out in the sink and starting a fresh pot. Steve tasted it and also spat it back out. He wasn’t aware of the taste and so shyly took Tony’s cup back and poured it out too.
“Yeah,” James mumbled against his neck, pressing a kiss there and then standing and turning to Tony. “Smells good.” He went over to investigate and sniff. “You’ll have to give me this recipe as well.”
Never before had he thought about the possibility of not having to do anything and now he was told to enjoy it. Since he had met Steve his life had developed an even weirder sense of humor it seemed. “If you say so, Mr Rogers,” Tony smiled and leaned back.
“That’s grand, love. A Sunday together. Would you look at me? I’ll probably be grinning like a Cheshire Cat in my sleep,” she said and Steve’s tired expression quickly faded and he broke out into a smile. “Lovely, that’s what I was waiting for. A’right, sleep well and don’t stay up all night chinwaggin’.” She blew them both a kiss and left.
“Well, after dessert, would you like to sit out on the balcony with me for a while? It’s not too cold tonight,” James suggested, watching the way Clint’s face lit up. James kissed his cheek and then stood to begin clearing dishes.
Tony watched him for another second or two before returning to his mattress and breaking the dry bread roll in smaller parts and eating them as slowly as humanly possible. The slower he ate, the longer he was going to eat and maybe that would make his stomach stop aching.
“I keep forgetting how bad you are with surprises.” James smirked, flipping the top edge of his paper down to look at Clint, one eyebrow raised and Clint rolled his eyes.
From what they could see the room was dark, small. Tony’s was different to Clint’s. Clint’s was concrete, only a tiny window at the very top of the wall for ventilation and light. Tony’s was tiled, likely even colder but with a larger window that was still out of his reach.
“I feel useless around here. I’ve got nothing to do,” he admitted and wondered again why it was so easy to trust Sarah, even though he didn’t know her. “Benni has you now and Steve, and James, too. He has more than enough to learn and to do. He doesn’t need me anymore. There’s no store to run, no food to prepare, no coffee to make. Nothing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rhodey rolled over onto his back and cracked open one sleepy eye to look at Tony.
Steve didn’t comment on that. Instead he said, “You’re worth every cent of that and more, Pinky.” He reached up and patted his shoulder. “Thanks again for the car.”
Of course it hurt that Steve thought that he might have doubts about their relationship but it would be a cold day in hell before Tony ever admitted that. “I don’t want to see the world. I’m already experiencing more than I ever have. But if that's what bothers you, then let’s go somewhere. Let’s go to Ireland and get away from everything. Just you and me.”
“No more fight left in you?” he asked or at least that’s what Clint thought he read.
“What do you have?”
.” The complaints had quickly dispersed once Dugan spread that message and Steve hadn’t met with a single underling.
“Food. If you want to call it that.”
Clint looked at the food and then up at Tony, his heart still racing. He didn’t know what was happening when Tony woke him. Food was a nice surprise but he wasn’t sure he trusted it. No matter how much he joked, he didn’t trust Tony.
“We made you a cake,” Benni said and got up with them.
Tony didn’t pay attention to the others in the room, only reacting slightly when Benni hugged him. Steve had been awake and now he was sleeping.
they did what they did for James apart from the obvious fear of a painful death.
That truth hurt. Of course it hurt,
“Nothing available but junk. Nat hasn’t started cooking yet,” Clint said, eyeing her.
“Yes. Go.”
Tony hummed in thought, almost forgetting to answer Clint’s question. “Steve works out but not during the day randomly. There's something about him lately… I don’t know if I should ask him.”
She sat with her own food after setting up Benni’s on the bed too and ate quietly while the boys talked.
“Do you still want to see him?”
” He had a point. “Okay, so we move him. Moving on,” he said, walking with Steve back towards the door and then he stopped, his business face on. “There are more important issues.”
Steve turned to Tony and said, “Yes, Falsworth is a boxer but in the war, he was a sniper.” Steve waited a beat, taking a shaky breath and asked, “Jones?”
She eyed him for a while, sizing up the damage his bastard father had done. She was glad James and Steve hadn’t told her where they were keeping him. She was another person who wouldn’t hesitate to put a bullet in him.
“Steve, when you say things like that…,” Tony trailed off, sighing happily. Suddenly he was very aware of his bony fingers and the rough skin on his hands that were covered with scars from
“How was your afternoon?” he asked him, just wanting to hear Tony’s voice and get his mind off of everything else for a minute.
“I love you too.”
“Thanks for the breakfast. I’m sure it’ll put everyone in a good mood this morning,” Steve said, clapping a hand down on his shoulder.
“Love,” Steve called and was it awkward that Tony and James both turned? Well, yes. Yes, it was. “No, that one,” Steve said and pointed an unsteady finger at Tony. He put a grape in his mouth, holding it between his teeth. “Want some fruit?” He said around the grape.
“Of course,” he said firmly. He was there for Tony, he’d clear his whole day for him if he had to.
Sarah, Benni, and he had breakfast. What was he supposed to do with all the food? He was still full from the rich dinner and dessert. He managed to eat half a roll and some of the scrambled eggs. Sarah took Benni to teach him some things and do his homework with him. He was eager to learn and finally he had someone who could take their time to teach him everything he wanted to know, which unfortunately left Tony feeling even more useless than before.
Today they had responded to vehicle fires, scaffolding collapses, a gas leak due to gas pipeline restoration, and a chemical fire at a warehouse. Thankfully no casualties so far but a total of eight people today had been taken to the nearest hospital, so, as always, they would wait to hear back from their contacts there before celebrating.
Tony believed him and jumped up to ask him for food. Suddenly another man appeared out of nowhere and hit Tony, telling him to shut up and not to move another muscle.
“Promise?” Benni asked, holding onto his brother for his dear life.
“Ma knows we have an after dinner arrangement. Unless you’d rather do something else.”
“Ask me again in about nineteen years,” he scoffed, leaning back and rubbing his face, sighing again. Whatever it was he would be facing, whatever he needed to do to overcome what had been done to him, he could do it. Because now he knew for sure that there was no way he’d ever end up in a situation like that ever again. “Countless times I’ve prayed for help. And ever so often I dared to hope that it was finally over, that he’s had enough, that he might have died, that
“Why? Starting to feel sorry for him?”
“Sir?” He asked, confused, and followed his gaze to the bandaged arm. “It’ll heal, sir,” he said and shook his head.
“What? You think I scared him off?” Rhodey scoffed. “He might have a new understanding of how much you mean to me but I don’t think there’s very much that actually scares Steve Rogers.” The things Rhodey had seen that man do on the job… He shook his head.
Loki immediately turned the gun around and handed it to Dmitri who unloaded it, tossing the bullets out into the hallway and the gun he threw behind him into Loki’s bedroom.
They took James’ offer to heart and ordered steak, all of them. Steak and sides and bread and when the champagne ran out, James ordered them a very expensive red wine that went nicely with their steaks. They were seated at a round table, Clint to James’ left and Maria to his right so that it looked like the husbands had simply seated their wives together to talk about “womanly things” so they could talk about “manly things,” whatever the hell either of those things meant.
Clint’s head was pounding but he refused to open his eyes; he wanted to live in his dream a while longer. He had dreamt of James. Nothing fancy, just dinner. Dinner with him at a restaurant. Going out together, hand in hand, uncaring, and safe to do so. He had pressed a kiss to James’ stubbly cheek and said something to make him laugh.
Tony laughed, moving over to the bed to try and choose between one of the three outfits he had laid out on top. One definitely said ‘I’m here to get railed’, while the second one was a tad bit more conservative, and the third was a wildcard. It was nice, it accentuated everything, but Tony wasn’t sure exactly what message it was sending.
Steve licked his lips, watching Tony. “Oh, I intend to.”
“Beautiful,” James said simply, his eyes still moving over Clint and his ensemble. James moved across the room towards him, always with a grace and litheness that Clint envied ever so slightly. He wrapped his arms around Clint and pulled him close, tilting his head up to look at him. He pressed up and kissed his lips, closing his eyes. Clint followed suit, his arms around James as well.
“I know a lot,” he confirmed. “But mostly the boring stuff.” He took out a pan and some eggs. “You know, dates, obvious facts, the immediate history,” he said, referring to his previous home life.
“Hey. Thought you said you were going to text me. What’s up?”
Sarah are our family now, you understand that, right?” Benni nodded, looking back outside with a smile. “
Benni was so proud of himself that he was helping and it put a smile on Tony’s face for the first time in weeks. Some customers even came by to give them cookies and small tokens of gratitude for the youngest working there and cheering them up. Tony was grateful for every little thing, but it also reminded him of how he should probably do something for Mr Rogers. He would think about that once he got the chance.
it,” Steve explained, his tone gentle and Clint relaxed a little. “But I’m grateful all the same for it. That’s not to say that I’m
told me. It’s no one’s business what anyone feels because love is always worth fighting for. And to me, Steve is worth that, even if we do get in trouble one day.”
Steve opened it slowly. Tony’s back was to him and he grinned. His mother sat in a chair in the corner drinking tea and Dugan and Tony were working on mapping out their territory and plans for expansion.
Clint plopped down in front of Tony on the floor to talk for a minute in the small sliver of moonlight.
happened but he did know that James wouldn’t let it happen again and that, in all honesty, he had
James wasn’t sure he was totally capable of being there when Steve came to. He turned to Tony, noticing the way his eyes were glued to Steve, seeing the way his hand twitched and how his lips parted slightly like he wanted to say something to the man. James narrowed his eyes. So it had happened.
He and Steve had been even more on edge the last day after receiving a package from Bakuto yesterday. They had sent a dummy file to placate him while they searched for wherever he was holding Clint and Tony.
Most of the men he slept with were happy to be paid to keep their mouths shut and then kept them shut with a little threatening from Steve.
Tony sat outside in the waiting room with the rest of Firehouse 616 and 21. Captain Danvers was pacing impatiently, and Tony was sure she was going to wear a hole into the hospital floors. Bucky was still at the scene with OFI and the police, determined to personally see everything through.
They settled into a comfortable position in which Steve could still reach the tray to eat while Tony was curled up against his side, making himself as small as possible, enjoying the warmth and security. He fell asleep easily. His sleep was still very light but luckily not a lot was happening, giving him the opportunity to rest up.
“I might get married this summer. Will ya come to the wedding if I invite ya?” Pepper asked, stirring the straw in her drink.
“It looks delicious,” he told James. It did, but Tony felt full. He hadn’t had that kind of problem since Nella had passed.
He was pushed down into a chair at a desk and he glanced around when the men who had brought him in stepped away. Clint didn’t move, sensing something was up and then his suspicions were confirmed and a very well-dressed man entered the room, looking over at Clint with what he could only describe as disgust.
,” Steve said, closing the door behind him and heading back to his room. He crawled into bed, a smile still lingering on his face and wrapped his arms around Tony. He pulled him in close and pressed a kiss to his temple. “Love you,” he said softly and simply because he could.
Tony’s feeling much better!
The young man stepped aside and Dmitri held the door open for Steve, discreetly clapping Dugan on the back when he entered and he let the door close behind him, leaving the young man on the other side.
“Doctors said it’ll take a few weeks until you start feeling like yourself again. You’ve been out a week already, don’t know if he told you,” he said, jerking a thumb behind him at James who continued to watch, his poker face up and stronger than ever.
Tony motioned for her to come in and gently pulled away from Benni so he could look at him. “Look who’s here.” He pointed to Sarah. He wished he had a secret language with her too so he could tell her what Benni needed to hear. “Do you want to talk to
As they walked, heading back home, Steve turned to Tony, “How’d you like it?”
“Yeah. I know, I know. I’m just taking a step back right now. There’s a good chance that all the time in the world won’t matter,” he said. James gave him a look. He hated when Steve got all self-deprecating and defeatist. Worst part was, he only ever got that way about himself, never his work or his business or anyone around him. “This was nice. I’m glad you’ve had time to come around lately.”
“Let me have a look, Jess,” Steve said, taking the offered file from Jessica Jones, OFI’s top investigator. He opened it and glanced through the report she had made, his eyebrows raising when he got to the fourth page. “You’ve got a positive print?”
He was pulling off his tie, his white shirt splattered with blood but by the way he was smiling it didn’t seem to be his own.
As silently as possible he moved out of the room and to his. He could hear the others talking downstairs but he didn’t want to intrude more than he already had. He went to the bathroom and washed himself as much as he could with one hand, brushed his teeth and got dressed in his usual sleeping clothes that made him feel even more out of place. All the money he had was probably still on the floor in his room. Thinking back to that night made him shudder.
“I’ll take it,” Maria said with a laugh, intertwining her and Natalia’s fingers. “And thank you for the dresses.” Natalia nodded.
“I suppose that’s the end of the happier portion of this afternoon,” Steve said, leaning back and sighing. He had hoped for at least a little more easy conversation before they got into the depths of their guilt and shame and regret.
“How do you feel about…” he trailed off, using his hands to indicate opening the door and walking out, hoping Tony would get it because he wasn’t sure if someone was listening.
—” He tapped his chin in thought, mumbling in Italian “— the seasons! In Italian they say the seasons have something to do with who you’re going to be. Which is why Benni is shy and calm but warm and easy, because he was born in August. For me they say I am very hot-headed and feisty, sometimes too hot, sometimes too cold.” He shrugged, uncomfortable with talking about himself.
Steve averted his eyes, feeling awkward catching him in a moment he obviously didn’t mean to share.
“As is my second one,” he told her. He sat with his own slice and said, “
“You ready?” Clint nodded. James offered his arm and Clint linked them together. “Let’s go, my love.”
“How’s it look like it’s coming?”
Maybe it had been the way Mr Delmonico had paled when James told him his wine selection needed improvement. Maybe it was the way the valet had bowed so low to James that his top hat had nearly fallen off. Or maybe it was just the effect of good company, good food, and an all too uncommon feeling of being safe to be exactly as you were.
magazine she was flipping through. Steve nodded and stood, holding out his hand to Tony and pulling him off the couch once he had it.
Forever the reliable one, Pepper got there two minutes before the grandfather clock chimed and announced 3pm. Benni was in his room doing his homework, Sarah was out doing her own thing, and Clint had called earlier just to check in, snacking on cereal without any milk or even pouring it into a bowl.
Natalia took the pencil and paper and wrote her name at the top and underneath she noted down all of her measurements. Then she wrote Maria’s name and all of hers.
“How much of my alcohol did you drink, Romanov?” Clint teased, their conversation turning into quiet exchanges and even giggles as Steve stood and stretched loudly.
“I know, lad,” he told him softly, “no one’s saying you haven’t. All I want is that you get the
“This looks more like a room your mom uses,” Tony said. It had a female feel to it and he could see her sitting on one of those couches cross-stitching and listening to music. “I have never seen a fireplace as big as that one” He pointed to the fire, feeling its warmth on his face. Never cold again? That would be nice.
Steve.
“He’s a wee bit young, isn’t he?”
James looked between the two of them and then inhaled deeply, letting the breath blow back out slowly.
“Hi,” Clint said instead, grinning from ear to ear. “I wasn’t expecting you to come tonight.”
He swallowed past the sudden tears and the lump in his throat and managed a smile but it was sad and his lip trembled.
“I got it from here,” he snapped, moving away from Tony and into the bathroom. He shut the door behind him and leaned against it.
Steve had situated Tony between his legs, his head pillowed on Steve’s chest on the couch while Steve read the paper that he had neglected that morning. Tony was still sleeping peacefully.
Benni had not been out of Brooklyn since he was a toddler, then Nella got sick and suffered for months, then their mother passed and after that there simply were no more opportunities to even think of anything like this. Tony promised his brother silently that he would show him their mother’s favorite places now that they had the luxury of time to spend together with no other worries.
Bucky laughed. “Hell no. I know exactly why you’re thanking me. I’m just grateful you actually listened for once. It’s hard getting things through that thick skull of yours, you know,” he told him, reaching up to knock his knuckles playfully against Steve’s forehead. “So what’s the plan for tomorrow’s date?”
James smiled after Clint was situated, his dish towel in hand. “What? Can’t two men in love sit on a balcony in February?”
“Alright,” James said, visibly incredibly tired. He rubbed a hand across his forehead, sliding it down to pinch the bridge of his nose and sigh as his eyes shut, willing away a headache. “You know your job. Let’s call it a night, go over it again in the morning.”
Steve warmed at that but decided he would start with the unfavorable things about himself first. “In the event that anyone ever does come after me,” he said slowly, not wanting to frighten Tony, “there’s a door in my room inside the closet. It has stairs leading down and out to the back of the house where the car is parked. Ma knows this. Dugan doesn’t. You take that car and you go to James’. James has a boat and he has a helicopter and he will get you to safety. Now that’s never happened and it’s not likely to, but I want you to know in case it does. I thought I’d start with the less fun things about me.” He held him tighter in case he was afraid now.
“This is yours. Benni’s is next to it. And that door there connects them,” Steve explained.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh softly. Why wasn’t he surprised that Clint and Steve didn’t get along?
“That’s not the point—”
“Done,” he told him. Seàn would be going through initiation soon. Dugan noticed Tony for the first time now and chuckled. “Looking sharp, lad,” he said
Steve was only turning twenty-nine this year but the tension knots in his neck and back told a different story.
“This... all of it?” Tony asked and turned to look at Steve. “For me?” It was bigger than his shared room with Benni. Not that he was surprised at how spacious Steve’s home was but he didn’t expect any of this. It was like he had
“I don’t want to! Why can’t I sit here with Lucky?” Benni pouted.
“I’ve told you before I’d do anything for you. Moving in here for a while barely even counts, especially, like Steve said, if it helps you. Both of you,” James told him, briefly touching Clint’s cheek and then dropping his hand again.
Steve took the letter out of his pocket as he rode in the elevator, James’ men behind him and Dugan beside him, joining only because he wanted to see Tony even if he had never said as much.
,” she sighed, relieved, and Tony smiled at her.
off you.” He stopped, one more glance at Steve who didn’t seem to have changed his mind. “He’s being held in a place owned by me.”
Why couldn’t Tony look away from those eyes? Again his heart started beating faster. For Benni’s sake alone he wanted to say yes. His little brother who was so insecure and shy but liked the woman who now took care of him. The same woman who raised this beautiful man who was so kind to him because he knew what Tony was going through. He asked him to stay.
Tony thought about giving Mr Rogers a call, seeing as Howard had left earlier. Having a way with numbers, he'd  memorized it from the piece of paper and called it.
“Well, it’s been nearly four months and you’ve been good about using your crutches to keep weight off of it,” James continued, leaning to reach over and touch the cast, moving his fingers along it and applying pressure to the part of Clint’s leg not covered by the cast. “Does that hurt?”
“Alright. Let’s go.”
“I think I’ll work out for a bit,” Steve said, looking at Tony who nodded and kissed him.
“Yes, but don’t worry. I want to learn Italian to speak like you.”
Then James asked Clint if he would consider allowing Alexei or Vitaly to accompany him and just keep an eye out but he had turned that down as well, actually arguing with James. Clint appreciated the concern and, again, he understood the danger but he did not want to be babysat. He was a grown ass man who had survived World War Two, he was pretty sure he could handle a few goons coming in to try and rough him up.
. Then you’ll have to recreate this moment and make it even more romantic or I’ll never forgive you.”
“No, but I really hoped you would,” he said against his ear, biting his earlobe and moving down his neck.
he whispered, “let’s go upstairs?” He didn’t necessarily mean that as a promise for a sleepless, active night but to talk to the man he loved so much.
“I’ve been grand, lad,” she told him.
James had thrown the pictures down and then Steve angrily tore them to shreds and tossed them into the fireplace before storming out a second after James. Dmitri, Natalia, Dugan, and Jones watched them leave and then continued working. They had narrowed it down but due to the recent snowstorm, they hadn’t been able to execute their ambulance plan just yet. They were slowly clearing the roads but the way to Queens still had some work before it was safe and Steve and James weren’t about to take the risk of saving them only to slide off the road.
“Seriously? I didn’t know you were seeing someone.”
“Where to, Cap?” Dugan asked.
“And what makes you so sure it’s not some unknown opponent?” she countered, wanting to cover all bases.
When he felt the bed under him he opened his eyes to look at Steve and see if it made sense. “Do you know what I mean?”
“On our way.”
“See this is the problem with having a straight roommate,” Tony started and all three were confused, “assuming you’re all firemen, he doesn’t even
Now there was someone with him. Maybe someone who worked for the Asians? But what would be the point of that? If they wanted information, they would have asked when they first took him.
“Never could get you over to New York though,” Steve said.
Steve and James exchanged a look and then burst into laughter, making Bakuto scowl or at least it looked like a scowl. His expression was hard to read, what with all the blood and swelling.
“James,” Steve said sternly, “you don’t think I haven’t had the same thoughts about Tony? I offered him the out. Told him I would set him and Benni up nice wherever they wanted to go. He declined. Wanted to stay with me and I bet my life Clint would do the same.”
James asked softly and felt the hand holding onto his shirt slowly loosen its grip. Clint nodded against his neck and stood up. He inhaled deeply, looking at James with those big, blue puppy-dog eyes. “Lucky will be happy to see you.”
James’ heart felt like it was beating out of his chest. Oh god, oh
“I’ll miss you as well, lad.” Steve lowered his voice then and looked around the room to make sure they were alone, really playing it up for Benni’s sake. “Can you do me a favor?”
“By ‘your type’ do you mean my sexuality, Steve’s and my relationship or mob bosses?” He asked with a small grin. “If the first, I didn’t quite realize it until a couple of months ago.” Not entirely true since it was less time but he didn’t want James to know that. He also knew that his relationship with Steve might be a somewhat sore subject so he wouldn’t go into that. Unless James asked him again.
Clint looked down at his body that James was holding onto so possessively. It was thin and still bruised in random patches of yellows and browns, it was even more scarred, and he’d lost a considerable amount of muscle.
“What? You and I both know if anything
,” James said, shaking his cookie at him. Steve snatched it and finished it. “
, if you agree to carry me around all day, you can do whatever you want to me. As much as you want to,” he whispered in his ear.
Bucky chuckled from where he was leaning against the kitchen counter eating an apple and keeping out of the latest episode of Captain Rogers’ Sex Life. Sure he pestered Steve about it all the time but
“Fire department, call out!” Rhodey yelled, Steve following him and checking the right side while Rhodey searched the left. It was dark inside, not only from the grime covered windows not allowing sunlight through but the smoke was thick.
soft. While James seemed to relax, Clint was even more attentive to every little detail about the man he loved.
“Fine. Not much to get wrong though I doubt he would anyway.”
could Steve possibly have to say? Clint and Tony were waiting for them.
Steve’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “Really?”
,” Steve complained in Irish when James hung up on him before he could even finish his sentence. He wasn’t really angry with James and he knew they had survived much worse arguments in the past—this was barely an argument to begin with—but still he was annoyed. He ran a hand through his hair, dropping his hands to his hips as he looked over at Tony. “I’m going to go see him in an hour. I won’t be long.”
“He must be. James really likes him. He wanted me to know exactly who I would be meeting, we didn’t just sit around discussing you, don’t worry,” he clarified when he saw Tony’s face. “I’d already met Steve and Sarah. That only left you and Benni.”
“His mother can do that,” Natalia snapped.
“Do you still want to pack a few things tonight?” Clint nodded. “I’ll get started on that then.”
Fucking hell,
this chapter is 100% Steve and Tony
“Hey, love,” he said, smiling at him sweetly, no longer bandaged and feeling broken, but standing tall, his hair combed and looking sharp in a freshly pressed suit.
Clint smiled. “‘Course you can. Anytime you want. Maybe you could even dog-sit sometime,” he added, his tone indicating that it was a question as he looked at Steve who looked at Tony.
Tony looked at Steve, unsure what to make of the situation he was in. “Why are you so angry?” he asked, breathless as if he was the one working out.
Dugan and Dmitri stayed outside the door, talking amongst themselves. In all their years of working together, they’d struck up quite the friendship as well and both had that same unshakable sense of loyalty to their bosses, especially knowing everything they did about them.
“No, never!” That one was easy to answer. He looked back up and shook his head. “He’s nine years old, only a boy, sir. He just wanted to play and knocked over Howard’s bourbon. Does a boy deserve a beating for that?”
A/N: we both already knew (and have been re-informed) that Irish is the most common name of the language. Irish Gaelic is still not incorrect and we mean no disrespect by calling it Gaelic throughout the fic instead of simply Irish. In all honesty, we did it for the sake of one pun that we refused to not include.
wealthy he was. He spread out the sheets and sorted through them until something caught his attention. He spread the sheets back out to check something. Even though he couldn’t read Gaelic, he recognized the pattern of the name and it always seemed to be the same. Could it be?
time.”
“Yeah. Sure. Here, take my number.” Tony, his eyebrows raised, took out his phone and opened up a new contact and typed in the number Steve dictated along with his name. “So, uh, text me. Sometime.”
“It’s not.”
“What? What’ve I missed?” Sarah asked, never having understood their silent ways of communication.
“Please, don’t. I just need to hear this from you.”
“You’re the last person who should be saying you’re sorry,” he told him, looking down at their hands now too. Steve laughed. “That’s pretty much what
“There’s money missing from these two stores.” Tony pointed to the accounts in question. “Around five hundred dollars from what I have found so far.” He kept his focus on Steve. He was the boss after all and he was answering to him at that moment.
“Linda.”
“Firstly, Clint and Tony are alive and will stay alive until Bakuto gets what he wants,” Steve said.
He remembered waking up in
“What’s wrong,
“Hey, Cap, Winter,” Jones said.
Being back at the bar was more of a relief than Clint expected it to be. He’d had a fear that he hadn’t really shared about coming back. About being back in the place where he fought and was taken. The last place he saw before being held captive for weeks. It had taken some time to get over that and remember that this was, in fact, a safe place.
James asked Clint, his voice dropping an octave and Steve choked on his bite of chicken as the words registered. Clint was torn between blushing and grinning.
“Hi,” Steve said, his smile wide and bright and cheeks brushed the nicest rose color. His soft blue eyes put Tony at ease in a way he didn’t think possible.
Tony held onto Steve’s hand tighter now. “Promise you’ll follow?” He asked. Maybe it was his stubbornness, maybe it was his anxiety but Tony needed to hear Steve say those words.
James moved and stood next to Sarah’s chair, resting his hands on her shoulders. Tony got up and offered him his seat. He’d be better at comforting Sarah than Tony seeing as he was closer to the both of them, more experienced in every way and just because he was James.
“Ben Grimm, owner of the deli two doors down from Clint’s bar, saw a black delivery van pull into the alleyway around the time Clint was taken. He didn’t actually see him but he thought it was odd for the van to be there, seeing as it was a restoration company van. And,” Natalia said, reading the room as she came in and made her way to the couch, wondering what she had missed, “Teddy Altman, a bagger at the grocery store where Tony was taken, said he remembered seeing the same van in the parking lot.”
Tony hummed and closed his eyes thinking of the painting. He hummed in the back of his throat, unable to form a word.
“No, I want to. I definitely do. Just… I want one more night at home first. Just me and you. And Lucky.”
“They missed an internal suture, he was bleeding but they fixed it. He should be in a room in about ten minutes.”
“Alright…” he said with a small smile and got up to collect him things that were all over the floor. Remembering last night made him forget about his other worries for now. “I really should go to the little one,” he mumbled and could feel how hot his ears were.
. What’s your favorite subject these days?”
“If I had known this would bug me as much as it does, I would have dragged it out with him.” Tony snorted and leaned back. “Thank you though. That helps.”
It was wonderful. So light and refreshing but Steve couldn’t get his mind off of everything. Most things, but not everything. “What else did James tell you?” He asked, staring at the wall. The mood was gone and he just felt a little hollow but Tony’s presence kept him above water, kept him from drowning in his own worries.
Tony was facing Steve, resting his elbow on the back of the couch. Talking about anything but himself? Yes, Tony was familiar with that.
“Pet, how would you feel about me adopting your brother and you?”
James hadn’t been able to eat or sleep since hearing Clint on the phone. He had sounded as calm and collected as he usually did to the untrained ear but James heard the hidden note of fear in Clint’s voice. And whenever it was too quiet, he heard the sound of Clint being slapped.
That part was easy. Being there for his brother had been his only task for years. The difficult part was dealing with the time alone. First, he took a nice long shower, feeling as if he could wash off the numbness from his body. It didn’t work. Then he put on his sleeping clothes and laid down in his beautifully spacious bed, but it seemed to swallow him up. No, he couldn’t stay there. For a second he considered reading but if Sarah or Steve saw the light in his room they would get worried and he definitely didn’t want that. So he pulled the curtains open to let in some of the light from the street and stared outside. For a time it helped to think of nothing, do nothing, simply observe the world until the silence became deafening.
“I did,” he said, glancing back quickly when he thought he heard the truck. He was sure Rhodey had figured out his plan and would probably have that nosy bunch pull the truck up to wait outside the garage. “I don’t know about you, but I had a good time.”
“Squad cleared the first level and basement, that smoke’s getting pretty dark. Everyone out now,” Steve commanded, counting as his firefighters on engine, truck, and the squad team came out of the house. Moments later, there was a small explosion and the roof collapsed in. “Alright 616, let’s put it out.”
“Bring him here,” Steve said, and James gave him a surprised look.
“With clothes on, you have a very innocent Boy Scout-y vibe going on. Don’t get me wrong. Hot Boy Scout, but boy scout.” Steve cocked an eyebrow. “Don’t worry,
“With Tony,” James started quietly, “you took him out of a godawful situation, saved him even. Him and Benni. You gave them a home, a new family and even despite what’s happened, their lives are still better than what they once were.”
“Spend a day with my best girl,” he told Tony, smiling over at his mother who grinned at him. “You?”
“Let him in,” James called from the other side of the door, his voice harsh and devoid of emotion.
Steve wanted to say yes so badly. He wanted to remember what it was like to be with someone who cared about him, who knew him but he just couldn’t. He’d worked too long to get over James just to have meaningless sex now because it would never be meaningless. He was confused enough as it was with Tony, he didn’t need to add to it.
“I’ll take Benni out for a treat, I figured. Any of you want to come with?”
Steve processed this for a second. That seemed like a very good idea. A bunch of birds with one stone too. He could ask him out, see where he works, and if he asked for a tour he could also get a little extra time with Tony and get to know him more. That is, if he said yes.
“Had worse,” he said with a shrug that made him wince, feeling relieved that Tony was alright even though he didn’t know why. “So if you aren’t one of them, why are you here? What do they gain by keeping you here?”
were there. And you know what? You’ve needed
Tony had his eyes closed while he listened to Steve’s heart and it took some effort for him to answer, though he did not move to look at him.
“A little,” he admitted. He would give it another ten minutes. He reached for the sandwich and took a bite, chewing slowly. “Delicious as always, love.”
Steve looked at Tony and nodded, smirking at the man in the rear view mirror. “I do,” Steve answered in English as the car began to pull away. “It’s nice to see you. Thanks for the pickup. Percival, this is Tony. Tony, Percival, though we all call him Pinky.”
If they were counting, which they both were, next week would be their sixth month anniversary. Much to the surprise of absolutely no one, their third date went splendidly and after that, it was hard to find a spare moment of their time that they weren’t trying to fill with the other’s presence.
Steve slid out of bed and opened the door only to see James who was passing by on his way to bring Clint some breakfast.
Steve kept his voice low so it wouldn’t travel any farther than Tony, not even to Dugan and Jones. He was grinding his jaw, his eyes on Tony. “When was the last time?” The question did come out whispered but strained, between gritted teeth.
“When will you understand that I don’t go around telling people your secrets? I’m your friend, get that in that thick head of yours, you hear me?” She let go of his hand and grabbed his milkshake, drinking it herself. There was a tense silence between them for a minute. Or maybe Tony was imagining it. He really hoped he was imagining it. “What’s your problem, Tony? Your ma helped Tommy and you were his friend or did that change when you found out?”
Downstairs, Dmitri was just arriving with Nat and Maria. He held the door open for them as they stepped inside and Clint’s eyes widened as they did. Natalia was in her favorite fur, the very one she had conned some rich fella into buying for her, and under that she had on the most beautiful emerald green gown. Beside her, Maria was looking equally as stunning in a dark blue one.
They sat down, Tony still thinking about an answer. He shrugged and shook his head. “
“Hello,” Tony greeted him and almost immediately Steve pulled him inside and pushed him against the closed the door to kiss Tony passionately. He smiled into the kiss, wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and kissed him back just the same.
The door was halfway closed and, not seeing a reason to do so, Tony didn’t knock before pushing it open slowly. What he saw made him freeze. Steve was against a wall, James in front of him and they were kissing. Intensely kissing. Passionately even.
Tony froze, his mind going completely blank. How could he! Especially with
“Tony,” he said and he was smiling on the other end of the line, grateful and relieved to hear him sounding as though he were in one piece. He was not actually in a shooting mood today. “There in ten,” he told him and hung up. None of them really did ‘goodbyes’.
“Why don’t we discuss this in the sitting room,” he managed around Steve’s fingers pressing down on his windpipe.
“There,” he said, once he was done. “Silly man.”
“Maybe tonight. For now everything is fine.” He smiled and after another small exchange he hung up, put the phone back where he got it from and went back to Steve’s side. “Anything you need? Nurse, meds, food?”
He pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s forehead and decided to close his eyes for a while longer until Tony woke or Sarah came to get them for breakfast.
Tony’s eyes filled with tears but he bit them back as always and he gave her a sincere smile instead.
“Hello, pet,” she said, thanking him as he put away her coat. “Ah, lovely. And where is Steven? And James?” She thought it a bit odd that either of them were anywhere their significant others weren’t but perhaps they had business to attend to. She waved her hand dismissively and said, “Never mind. I’ll go wash up. Smells
.” James snorted as if the idea was ridiculous. Steve gave him a look.
Or perhaps starstruck wasn’t the right word, James thought as he got a better look at her face. There was a definite awe in her expression but it was coupled with a few less positive emotions.
James and Natalia both helped him into a wheelchair and then into the en suite bathroom, handing him a toothbrush while they helped him strip down without putting any weight on the injured leg. They each grabbed a sponge and were Clint less tired he would’ve protested being treated like he couldn’t clean himself but now he relished in the moment, not having to do anything more than brush his teeth and then wash his face.
Dmitri nodded and left out and James was immediately back in his head, not focused on the present, as he thought of something else he could do for Clint. Maybe he needed some company. He would run it by—
“I know you’ve done your fair share of stutterin’ since coming in here but I haven’t. You heard me,” Cap said, circling his chair, standing behind him now, his hand tight on the boy’s shoulder. “I don’t take lightly to stealin’. I don’t take lightly to much anything but especially not stealin’. Now providin’ for your family I can maybe turn a blind eye to
“Would that be alright with you, love?” Steve asked Tony.
“Did you have a good time, pet?” Sarah greeted them in the living room and Benni told  her about his new friends and the new words he learned from them. “What ‘bout you,
of them were and it didn’t mean there weren’t still those in there only for the opportunity to report ‘indecent behavior.’ It wouldn’t be the first time it had happened.
“We,” Jones said, snapping his fingers to pull Howard’s attention back to him and away from Steve, “are not here to collect. Consider this a house-call.”
Tony chuckled softly and then it turned into a genuine laugh. “Who said I wanted to learn how to drive it? Maybe I just want to have it and look at it.”
Steve ground his teeth and swung, catching Falsworth on the jaw. Falsworth hit Steve again, lightning quick, punching him just above his stitches but it hurt worse than it should. Steve looked down, a second circle of blood growing on his white shirt.
Steve reached for his gun again, not in the mood for insubordination on top of everything else. “Beg your motherfucking—“ And then another shot was fired and two more after that. The second two from Dugan’s gun through the boy’s head. The first one—
“I—thank you. Yes, Daisy,” Phil said, something in him warming at the thought of Clint not only telling his mob boss partner about his daughter but the mob boss actually remembering.
“Of course. I will also ask her for the nicest thing she wants for her own new home and get her that. Maybe I’ll make you buy her a car in addition to that,’ he added with a small grin. “You did say you’d get me anything?” His voice was unnecessarily flirty just because he couldn’t take his thoughts at the moment and being flirty for Steve was much more fun.
“I haven’t even spoken. What are you—”
” She translated it for James and then continued. “It is past time that everything Bakuto has sent out, comes back to him.”
He reached up to feel his still slightly damp hair and remembered a hand there. Tony’s hand. Tony’s hand had been in his hair but why?
“Not at all,” Steve said, probably too fast but he couldn’t go back and fix it so he just cringed internally and asked Tony the corresponding question. “You think of me as your big brother?”
“Tell me,” Clint began, wanting to take Tony’s mind off everything for a moment, “apart from the obvious, what do you like most about Steve?”
“How’s it coming?”
Tony shook his head in an attempt to free his mind from those dark thoughts and memories. “What are you doing up? Do you need pain medication?”
“Nat’s,” Rhodey answered, tapping Squad Lieutenant Barnes on the shoulder so they could go finish filling out the paperwork on this fire and get it to Captain Rogers and Chief Fury as soon as possible.
The realization of those words hit Tony and he covered his mouth as he thought about their true meaning. “You?” He asked, breathless. “Him?”
“No, it’s probably very illegal and I hope you told him no.”
Steve agreed. That was fine for him, it was Tony’s brother after all. “I knew Benni
When Steve finally got home, he felt dissatisfied. By all means, it had been a good night—James had set him up with two different people, a man and a woman—but still, there was nothing memorable. Nothing noteworthy and he knew he’d likely never see either of them again and he was tired of it. He was tired of having to settle for the absolute least because what he truly was and wanted was illegal, punishable by death.
Tony stayed silent for a minute, watching Dugan eat. “Dugan?” He asked and found it difficult to say something. “Do you... is it over?”
While James browsed the menu for a nice red wine, he absentmindedly lifted his arm to rest along the back of Maria’s chair, so accustomed to Clint always sitting on his right whenever they ate dinner at home. His fingers stilled against her back and it was obvious that was not the body type he had expected under his fingertips.
“What is this, Bakuto?” James said but he got no reply. “Hello?” he said, honestly just desperate to hear Clint again. He put the phone on speaker and looked up at Steve.
“Neither do I. Clint keeps telling me I can talk to him—”
He reached up and felt the back of his head. It was incredibly sore but he didn’t feel any fresh blood, so that was good. At least he wasn’t still bleeding. Next he felt his ear. One hearing aid was just gone, the other still there but he wasn’t sure how much charge was left in it. Probably fell out when they carried him into this… room.
He kept waiting for James to hush him or tell him to get it together or even to get up and leave Clint on the couch but it never happened. A part of him also knew it wouldn’t. It knew James wouldn’t treat him that way. He wouldn’t see this as Clint being weak or as him being unable to ‘deal with the harsh reality of the real world,’ as his father had told him on many occasions as a child.
Tony sat down next to him so that their arms were touching. Then he rested his head on Clint’s shoulder, hoping that the additional warmth would help him.
As soon as Steve snuggled closer, Tony woke up. He didn’t know when it was that he fell asleep but Steve’s comforting weight and warmth had a lot to do with it, of that he was sure. Before he could greet Steve or do anything else for that matter, he felt a kiss. From Steve? Not a kiss on his lips. Not a passionate kiss. Just a small one on his jaw. Which was so innocent and sweet he couldn’t believe it.
Rhodey snorted. “Nope. No way. Nuh-uh. You know work is off-limits. I love you and everything but that firehouse is my break from you and your garage is yours from me.”
“Oops. Well, shit.”
did not get nervous. He cleared his throat and continued. “Honestly, whatever you want. The deli’s there for you. Benni’s at my home with my ma and the two of them have got on like a house on fire,” he said with a smile. “Or I can set you up with somewhere new but I know the deli was your ma’s.”
Clint remembered the night, he
“I’m coming,” Natalia said.
“I got my memory, that’s for sure. You’re a hard one to forget. I couldn’t walk straight for a week afterwards,” he said, smirking. Neither Dugan nor Steve reacted. “And I’ve got my word and that’s worth a lot round these parts.”
