She swings for his head. She’s too strong for him to block, so he deflects over his shoulder, throwing her off balance, and dives for his bag. He grabs a fire extinguisher out of it and pulls the pin, turning and squeezing the lever just in time to spray holy water into the demon’s face. She screams, flesh sizzling, and stumbles backward, giving Dean a chance to retrieve his pistol. As soon as she’s recovered from the holy water, he puts a bullet in her leg.
"Okay." He puts a hand on Crowley's shoulder and just nods. "Okay." Then he steps away.
He sits at one end of the bar. He doesn’t drink often enough anymore to have a go-to, so he orders something off the house menu—their take on a cosmopolitan. He drinks it a little too fast as he tries not to slide backward into his own mind.
"You ask me like I'm supposed to know," Cas answers with a slight smile.
A few flips through the pages of the books and Crowley finds a name: Dean Winchester.
“What?”
Sam straightens and clears his throat. “Yeah, I’ll be right there.”
Alright, so he struck out there. It’s not like it meant anything to him anyway. He knows this about himself by now—flirting is a coping mechanism for feeling vulnerable.
"You alright, Dean?" Cas asks.
When Dean and Cas appear back at the inn room they've been staying at for the past few days, Cas finds himself feeling oddly numb. Maybe it's because he has too many conflicting emotions and they've just cancelled each other out.
“He probably never will. Dean isn’t willing to do what you did and figure out how to live like a regular person. It makes him feel selfish, I figure.”
"They're beautiful" is the first thing Cas thinks to say. "The tattoos, I mean." He's not really certain what else he could've been talking about, but his thoughts seem on delay. He's distracted looking at the ink on Dean's back. The words 'Highway to Hell' are spread across from one shoulder to the other in a kind of font that matches the barbed wire on his arms. Below that, a spinal cord runs along his own and wings lay to either side of it—bat-like, demonic wings that are mostly shades of gray except for hints of red along their membrane. They take up the majority of the skin on his back.
Sam shrugs tiredly. “Probably forever. I’m just still learning how to do it well. When I started getting visions about Lilith, that’s how I saw myself killing her. I tried to do it to the demons back in New Mexico, but I couldn’t, especially not three at once.”
The demon undoes the boy's seat belt and pulls him out of the seat, lifting him into his arms. He carries him to the back of the car, then sits on the vehicle's trunk and just holds him.
Cas frowns in that puzzled look of his. "What for?"
"How?" Then he frowns suspiciously. "Wait. How?"
“Jo,” he says, “I’m sorry. About—”
When he gets home to his apartment, he’s greeted, as usual, by his overly excited dogs. They’re both rescues, in a way, though Dean never identifies himself as a rescue-dog owner.
"Uh, yes?"
“That about sums it up, yes.”
“Will they discharge you today, do you think?”
There isn’t much time to process. They call the coroner’s office to retrieve the body, and a police officer comes to take a report. The woman’s daughter, who must be about Jack’s age, goes from horrified to furious.
This pulls Cas's gaze away from the sky immediately. "You don't know what constellations are?"
Crowley's jaw clenches briefly. "You two," he says to the demons on either side of Alastair. "Leave us."
"It's not too late, Dean. You don't have to be a demon forever."
Dean rises suddenly, his jaw clenched, and says, "I need some air."
He closes his eyes and thinks of the woman he saw tonight. What must it have been like for her to find her mother, dead on the back porch?
“Would’ve been nice to know ahead of time.”
Dean frowns at him for a moment, then shakes his head vigorously. "No. No, Cas—"
Then another adding,
Crowley nods. "Even I can't change that."
The set look in Sam's eyes sends a bolt of fear into Dean's chest. “You don’t mean that.”
When they appear, they're just a few hundred feet from where Sam stands in the yard with a gray-and-brown dog.
Then it occurs to him. He only has one option. It's something he's done only once and he's not even certain it will work.
"Humans go to hell too."
“Doing what?”
"Well hello, Dean," the demon says, feigning surprise. "What a coincidence I would run into Crowley's little favorite."
"Exactly."
Dean raises his eyebrows. "That bike is a vintage-style Triumph Scrambler. It was more expensive than anything you own. Watch what you say."
Cas tries not to look amused and, in a moment, they're at the location of Sam Winchester's apartment.
"Three?" He can see the faint spark of hope in Dean's eyes—he's only thought of two—and Crowley feels a little knot in his stomach. Then he decides demons can't feel knots in their stomachs and chalks it up to his imagination.
"Uh, Crowley. It's a long story. I'm Sam, by the way, but, uh…I'm guessing you already knew that." He steps onto the porch and closes the door behind him. "Why are you guys here? Are you looking for Crowley? Because I don't know where he is…." Cas senses that he's uncomfortable and he wonders how much he knows.
"Maybe it's been coming for a while. I'm just spitballing here, I don't know your situation, but…maybe something just tipped him over the edge finally. I mean, he seemed like a free spirit."
Jody walks up with a hand on her hip. “Is Garth telling his severed arm story again?”
Life goes on as normal—or rather, the new normal that Jack has become accustomed to. He and Dean don’t speak again about the conversation they had after that call, or Jack’s breakdown in the ambulance bay. But he’s starting to see the weight Dean carries in the little ways it presents itself, whether through the things he says, or the flashes of expressions on his face, or the way he absentmindedly runs a finger along the scar on his temple. Jack has sensed he shouldn’t ask about it, but he has a feeling that, like the tattoo, he may find out its story in time.
It’s an old, familiar pain, hearing him talk about abandoning the family for school.
He’s feeling short of breath again and it’s making it harder to keep his thoughts straight. He picks the oxygen tubing up and fumbles to get it back in place, hands shaking. Cas reaches over and helps him tuck it behind his ears.
Sam sees the screen door tear open a split second before something huge and heavy slams into his chest, knocking him back onto the floor. He can feel the weight on his chest, focused at two places, like feet, and he can hear snarling, but he can't see anything. His mind reeling, trying to figure out what's going on, he starts to reach up to shove away whatever's on top of him, but instead he gets a stinging pain in his right hand. Before he can even fully draw it back to himself, he feels something rake down his side, letting out a rush of blood. He cries out and manages to turn to the side, knocking the invisible force off him as he curls into fetal position, covering his head.
And he remembers. Waking up in the early morning, drenched in sweat. The feeling of being suffocated, and of blood in his lungs, and of anger. He wanted to tear something apart, to hear it shatter or hear it scream. It was all the violent residue of the happiness, the contentment, the love, maybe, he'd felt the night before. With Cas so near, it had terrified him, and he'd left just like that. Then it was misery. Wandering around, hoping he wouldn't spontaneously kill someone, and eventually, alcohol.
Crowley looks at him for a moment. The boy's soul is still holding on, just barely, for as long as his heart keeps beating. But he's fading fast and from the looks of his mangled body, he can't be saved.
"I, uh. Nothing, then. I need your help," he says again.
“Right.”
“No, it’s fine. I don’t mind. I mean, I don’t care. Whatever.” Much more than yesterday, he’s suddenly aware of what a goddamn mess he is—he was able to shower, but not well, not to mention he’s in a shitty hospital gown, his hair is limp and flat on his forehead. He’s only gotten a glimpse of himself, but the burn on his lower face and neck might look even worse than the day before as the blisters get bigger.
“I don’t care what happens to me, as long as I kill Lilith.”
and Dean drops to elbows to cover his ears. Even then, he hears the unearthly sound like a chorus of hundreds of Tibetan singing bowls—it’s somehow horrifyingly eerie and celestially beautiful at the same time.
"Let him go. He chose this."
This part is always the worst.
In that moment, Crowley makes a decision and he knows he has to work fast.
“Castiel? The angel you got in a fistfight with? He’s the one who said I knew what I needed to do.”
“The roof collapsed on you. Garth says the attic was on fire. Whatever that means to you. You got your bell rung pretty good, it sounds like. We’re still trying to figure out if you have a head bleed or just a concussion. Chest x-ray showed a pneumothorax, so Doc’s coming to put in a chest tube here pretty soon. And you broke four ribs. Maybe an ankle. You’re going to be here a while longer, and there’s a good chance you need surgery for something or other.”
"It might once you're human," Cas suggests.
He sucks the blood from his thumb and flips the textbook closed with a thud that causes another student in the library to look up. Sam gives her an awkward, apologetic smile and looks back down at the desk again.
“Car?” Cas offers.
"No," Cas says, smiling slightly. "Although I suppose in a sense. Look up."
Sam, as always, looks surprised to hear Dean oppose their father. “Really?”
Cas clenches his jaw, summons his angel blade, and stabs Alastair's demon in the chest. A couple flickers later, the body goes limp and Dean lets it fall to the ground.
Cas opens his eyes. He stares at the white, oddly textured ceiling for a few seconds, then frowns. He sits up and glances around, which reminds him of what he was doing.
Sam shakes his head, or maybe he’s trying to flip a piece of hair out of his face. “The thing you do where you just… detach. Yeah, we were talking for an hour and a half, and you barely said a word about yourself. You didn’t even talk about work, and you
Cas steps forward and grabs Dean's arm before he can go any farther. "No."
He heads to his room to take a shower before he goes to sleep. His routine is normal, but his emotions are a little skewed.
"Face it," Cas snaps. "You wouldn't have summoned me here if you didn't fear feeling like a human again. I think I can help you become human. But you have to offer me a little cooperation."
Cas doesn't really understand why his logic didn't work. "I—"
Cas doesn’t like pulling dandelions, because it seems so arbitrary that he should prefer some other plant to a perfectly hardy, sunny-yellow flower like a dandelion, but it’s necessary. As a compromise, he keeps a corner of the yard dedicated to the so-called weeds and clips the seeding heads as they come to keep them from taking over the whole garden.
“No, it’s fine, it’s great.” It takes effort to keep his voice even. “You can set them on the counter over there.” As Cas does it, Dean tugs on his IV and says to Jack, “Do you think you could find my nurse? This IV feels weird. Her name is Cindy or something. Black hair.”
Cas offers no explanation, looking at Dean with a challenge in his expression.
"I am Castiel. As I said, I'm an angel. There are resources in heaven that allowed me to learn of your past. A small section of it, anyway."
Sam blinks, and his eyes shine with growing tears. “God damn,” he says, wiping his cheek. “You would have to say that after I’ve been terrified for your life. Jerk.”
"Sorry," the angel says immediately. He stands up and when Dean looks over to him, he looks sheepish. "I don't mean to be insensitive, I just—I don't know what it must have been like."
“I mean—do you ever hear things, things that sound like cases?”
Dean just shakes his head slightly and closes his eyes again.
“I don’t try to be. Mysterious, I mean.”
“I think I just want to shower and go to sleep,” Sam says at last. “For, like, a year.”
Dean doesn't look at him and doesn't answer.
× × ×
"No, it's all good. You got something on your mind?"
“Fuck off, Winchester.”
"I swear nothing changed," Crowley continues, and now he chooses his words carefully and keeps looking at Sam to judge his thoughts. "I did the same things I always did, yet suddenly he turned on me and said he no longer wanted anything to do with me. I don't…blame him for it, not really, but it doesn't make sense."
He scowls as he sits up. “I—”
Jack takes a deep breath in and holds it for a moment, then says, “This might take a while.”
"He's dead," Dean answers. He smirks. "And his girlfriend is no longer a virgin." He pauses. "Not in that order."
Sam is sitting up, eyes wide. “What are—who—how—”
He’s been chasing demons all over the southwest for the last two and a half months—sacrificing every weekend to long drives, sacrificing sleep to try to keep up on his studies—all to no avail. He’s heard of a demon leader, but doesn’t know her name. He’s been able to feel demons inside their vessels in a way he never has before, but he’s leaps and bounds away from being able to manipulate them. All he got this time for his efforts was a nosebleed, and then a lot of bruises and an injured shoulder.
It's some kind of dog, but it's massive and smoking and has red eyes like pools of blood. He can see it, yet can't fully make out its form, as though it's a wavering mirage.
And despite everything, he almost misses it.
"I doubt it, unless I can give him a damn good reason I failed."
“Can’t save everybody,” Garth says, uncharacteristically subdued.
Sam hesitates. "Sometimes. There’s only been one that sounded convincing, so I called Bobby about it. He found a hunter from Oregon to take care of it. To be honest, I do my best
He delivers a solid punch to the side of Dean's face, snapping his head to the side. But this time, Dean is prepared. He uses the momentum of the blow to yank himself away from one of the demons. He tears off his blade pendant and digs it into the throat of the demon still holding his right arm, getting barely enough time to pull it out again before he has to duck and roll to avoid the others.
Dean ends up asking Cas a series of questions about a time he briefly visited Earth in the mid-1800s in western America. Cas doesn’t quite seem to understand Dean’s enthusiasm about it, but he’s content to recount the experience in as much detail as Dean wants, even if his descriptions of cowboys are rather lackluster.
Crowley raises his eyebrows. "So you don't like me…because I'm too powerful? Are you afraid of me, Angel? Are you afraid of what I can do?"
“Dean? I need help.”
Cas nods, but he doesn't look consoled. Dean doesn't figure he'll be able to convince him it's not such a bad thing.
“That’s… I didn’t know that. Wasn’t your dad diagnosed with cancer a few years ago? Fuck.”
Sam nods and also stands. He has a tightness in his throat that he can't quite get rid of.
Dean nods slowly. Then he scoffs slightly. "I guess it's a good thing they can't see me now, huh?"
The nurses and CNAs keep telling him to sleep, but of course he doesn't. Wounded or not, he's still an angel, and sleeping right now just doesn't make sense to him.
“Since…” Sam avoids meeting his eyes, throat bobbing. “Before we started hunting together again.”
“You guys got nicotine patches? Because holy shit, could I use a cigarette right now.”
"I don't know, I'm not a human," he says, rolling his eyes. "I knew about demons practically from the time I was born. Figure it out."
Still confused, Sam takes the glasses and starts to put them on.
He looks over at him for what feels like a long time. Dean seems to be persistently ignoring him, turned away from him as he smokes and watches the sky.
"Yes. Do you think I'm an idiot?"
When he looks up, Cas is gone, as is his sword.
Cas frowns, surprising himself by feeling slightly hurt. "Why?"
“What’s up?”
“Did your shift partner get after you again?”
“We don’t. Not yet, anyway. Why?”
“Don’t.”
"Alright," he says, racking his memories for somewhere—anywhere—he knew of. "I think I have an idea. But we won't be able to drive there."
Sam turns his head slightly away from Dean, eyeing him with confusion that slowly turns to disbelief.
“I get wanting to do it for your dad—believe me, I do. But you’ve got…” He nods to the new bar, which isn't officially called the Roadhouse but it's what they all call it anyway. “You’ve got a life here. That doesn’t stick around when you start hunting.”
“My little sister,” the boy says. “She panics at loud noises sometimes and she probably didn’t follow everyone out, I have to—”
Cas cocks his head.
“Um.”
Life had been rough and chaotic after his parents died. He'd been too young to fully understand anything or do anything other than what the adults around him decided. It hadn't been too long before he'd gotten stuck in foster care, which is where he would be until he died. But he'd stayed with a half dozen families within those seven years; even as Sam got older, Dean would've been hard to find, and who was there to look?
"You were never my right-hand man, Alastair," Crowley sneers. "Don't pretend we were friends. Most of the time, you were gone, torturing souls. I don't need you. Dean will come back."
"No," he responds, all but breathing the word.
Dean gives him a sad smile. "I want you to be. I wish I could tell you something to make it easier." He pauses. "If it helps, I've accepted this."
“So, the usual.”
"I know, I've been…been busy."
The demon's first response is to cough again. He and Cas are only standing about a foot apart and drops of blood splatter onto Cas's shirt and trench coat, but he doesn't flinch.
“They’re not like the psychic visions. No headache, no passing out in the middle of the day. It’s just… I see myself killing Lilith, and then each time it’s a new step I need to take to get to that point. That’s why I started hunting again.”
"Well, turns out hell doesn't actually work best if you're killing decent people—"
Cas manages a smile. "I don't think so."
Sam would rather pretend he doesn't hear them.
The king of hell is angry. Three demons felt the force of his frustration back in hell and now no longer exist. But now that he's back topside and sitting at a bar, his primary emotion—if one could say he has them—is confusion.
The first demon almost looks like he's going to make a move, but he just spits at Cas's feet. "Come on," he growls to the others, and they leave.
"You comin'?" Dean asks as he starts to back out into the water.
"Someone's looking for me. Grab your coat, let's go."
The demon lets go and whirls around.
With a frown, he stands and turns around. There's a group of people, three men and one woman, at the top of the steps. It doesn't take him but a moment to see they're demons.
When Crowley sees Dean walk into his throne room, he stiffens a little. He's fully expecting to be reprimanded, even attacked. It was only a matter of time.
Dean nods. “Yeah. And how long did that take you?”
Cas watches them go, a hard scowl on his face. Something about that didn't feel right. If Crowley just wanted to give Dean a message, why wouldn't he call him? Why send four demons?
Dean shakes his head and opens his eyes. "I don't know. It comes and goes."
“Ganking demons with your brain? That doesn’t seem a little freaky to you?”
"Because otherwise, I would've killed you. And I think I like you."
Dean smiles, even though he's struggling to breathe. Each time he blinks it's longer before he opens his eyes.
"My options, Crowley, give me my options."
Dean is in the middle of the room, slamming a man—a demon—against the wall with his forearm at the demon's neck.
She folds her arms. “This seems weird, coming from the guy who’s never considered leaving hunting in his life.”
"Did you know?" Cas asks quietly. "When you woke up, did you know about the crash and did you…feel different?"
Cas nods, frowning. "I might, um, need you to show me how to do some of that."
"Proving a point."
Cas's stomach sinks and it takes him a long time before he pulls it out. He looks at the screen, which displays a number—Dean hadn't yet shown him how to make contacts—but he knows who it is. He shoves the phone away again.
"Please, try me. I'd love to see what pretending to be human has done for you." He moves a step closer to Dean, the other demons blocking any possible escape. "You were never a real demon, Dean. You were never really anything. What makes you think you could ever be human?"
“Yeah, pretty much. And working Bobby’s network. Either way, this is big, Sammy. Bigger than Yellow-Eyes and his demon army, even. Somebody’s gotta stop her.” Dean glances over at him. “Look, man, we cleaned up Santa Rosa, and now Safford. We’re only a day’s drive from your neck of the woods now, but you haven’t told me what your plan is.”
Sam nods and inhales deeply.
“Better two to carry it than one.”
Sam stops pacing and gives Dean a hard but hurting look. His gaze flicks down Dean's face, lower than his eyes. "You're bleeding—your nose—"
Cas smiles slightly. Jack wants everyone to like him. It’s sweet, but it sets him up for disaster. One of these times he won’t be able to win someone over, and it’ll crush him.
"Riot, there's nothing out there." But Sam goes to the door to check. The motion-sensing light has been triggered, but it illuminates an empty yard in front of an empty street.
They've barely made it away from the parking lot when Cas feels a prickle at the back of his neck. He stops walking.
He chains up his bike and walks inside, haphazardly hiding his coffee thermos from the person at the desk. As he makes his way deeper into the library—he always prefers to sit near an emergency exit or window—he sees someone who makes him pause. He doesn’t know her, but there are things about her that are familiar. The heavy work boots in late September, the functional jacket with numerous pockets slung over the back of the chair, the closed leather journal bursting with loose paper.
“Hi, Cas. Um. It’s Dean.”
When he gets back hours later, Dean's car is in the parking lot. Still, no red flags. But as he approaches the door and starts to unlock it, he hears a loud thump from inside.
“You should be more careful.” He glances around the room. “This place isn’t warded at all.”
"Where are you?"
“No, no, their coffee is terrible. It’s three blocks up. The Espresso Hive.”
Cas sighs. "You don't exactly have to pray, just kind of…project your thoughts, let me know you want to talk."
Again, slightly louder.
"You don't mean that," Cas says, taken aback. "What about last night? What was that to you?"
The demon lifts a shoulder. "I came to talk. You can't deny you need someone to talk to, Moose."
Over the next weeks, Sam finds it almost a relief to forget about Stanford. He knows he’s not that person anymore, that young college student forging his own incredibly normal life. He never was. But instead of knowing he’s cursed to hunt, to keep fighting monsters and fighting himself until his last breath, the way Dean always describes it, he thinks maybe he’s fated to do something bigger. Maybe it’s atonement.
The groan of one of the people outside the room interrupts him.
She gives him a skeptical look, but says, "Okay, what do I tell him?"
"You're in luck," Crowley says, raising his eyebrows. "I am." He steps to the side of Sam's bed and holds out a pair of glasses. "Put these on."
Crowley sighs. "I've never really cared about anything. Even when I was human, I never—"
Dean tenses. "Not just that. I feel more…human. Why?"
Dean looks at him for a long time, sizing up whether or not that's a good thing. "Don't corrupt him, Crowley."
"Dean—"
She turns the flashlight off and sets it down. "
“Yes.”
Garth gives Jack a pat on the shoulder, then gets back in the fire engine with Rufus. Jack sits in the ambulance, glancing out the window to watch Dean, and he can’t help but think of his own mother. He’s lived a good deal longer now without her than he ever did with her, but he still dreams about her sometimes. He still keeps a picture of her in his room, and every now and then he talks to her, telling her about the things he’s proud of and things he’s ashamed of, telling her that he misses her.
At the laundromat, he pitches all the clothes from his duffel bag into the washer and leaves the load to run, sitting on the backless bench in the center of the room and pulling out his phone. He scrolls slowly through his contact list, watching the names of hunters and random girls from bars travel up the screen. He sees some of the hunters’ names, some he hasn’t heard from in a while, and wonders who on this list is still alive.
Dean jerks awake and grabs onto whoever's holding his shoulder, yanking them down and pulling out the knife from under his pillow.
"He's a demon," the angel hisses, "the one who poisoned you, at that. Kill him."
“Not really.”
“Good enough for me.”
“Does anything ever happen in California?” Dean asks at last.
"I've been restless," Dean sighs. "I've been trying to hide it, ignore it, whatever. But I'm used to being busy. Hunting down people and…killing them—but anyway, I usually have stuff to do. I think sitting around is making my urge to kill something worse."
Dean steps back, and his heel hits the bottom of the stairs. He raises his hands conciliatorily.
"Stop calling me that," he says, but Cas has lost him. His tone is flat and emotionless. "Dean Winchester is dead."
When the gentleman leaves, their gazes meet.
"I need you," Crowley calls after him. "I
He chucks the other boot into the corner with the first and exhales, letting himself fall back onto the motel bed. He smells of smoke, sweat, dirt, and lighter fluid, but he’s too tired and too sore to change clothes and shower. He strips down to his t-shirt and boxers and crawls under the sheets.
"You sleep a long time for someone who says he doesn't sleep much," she says as he first opens his eyes and rolls over in the bed. She's dressed in only a bra and underwear and she's sitting at his edge of the bed, clearly having already been up for several minutes.
Dean makes a face. “Gross.”
Sam opens his mouth to say something, then stops. He frowns. "You've said that before. My full name. You said it the last day at the bar. How do you know?"
"Seems kinda stupid given the situation, huh?" Dean asks.
"The hell?"
Dean narrows his eyes.
“You thinking offensive approach? Looks isolated to the Bravo-Charlie quadrant, we could go in with a couple of handlines for an initial knock down before we get a second crew on scene.”
Dean gives a slow nod, then strides over to a closet labeled EMS SUPPLY and leans inside long enough to tear a page off the wall and bring it back. He hands it to Jack. The list is extensive, organized by each compartment of the ambulance, and includes the quantity of each item that should be stocked.
“Cas?” Max calls from behind the counter. “I saved the cinnamon rolls, but the oven’s being weird again.”
Cas looks down in surprise. He'd never seen a demon move so fast yet so elegantly. It was like brutal grace.
Cas's frown deepens. "What do you mean?" He sees Dean shift to stand up and he holds out a hand to help him up. Dean narrows his eyes briefly, but accepts it.
"Sure," he says, pulling on his underwear. "You're one of many. You mean nothing to me. Hell, I don't even remember your name. Did I ever ask you last night?"
Crowley rolls his eyes. "She's mine. From hell. I'm a demon, Sam."
“And you didn’t think to mention that to me?”
“That,” Dean says with a smile, “is exactly why I’m here. I work in… public service, let’s say, so I come here when I want to avoid seeing anyone I know.”
He wonders if the angel ever gets lonely, but he never asks. Something as powerful as Castiel must have a better reason for visiting his dreams so often than wanting Dean’s company.
He hears Sam suck air in through his teeth. “I don’t think I can walk, Dean.”
Dean kneels, reaching out slowly and putting his hand under the wound, letting the glowing grace flow over his palm. Compared to the heat from the wing, it feels pleasantly cool. As it swirls in eddies around his hand, he
Jack swallows and lifts a hand to all of them. “Hello.”
The young woman looks at him for a few seconds before shaking her head and saying, "Well, thank you. For not hitting me. I'm really sorry, it was my fault—I was looking at my damn phone—"
Sam’s conflicted—Dean can see it on his face. He’s thinking about changing his mind, he may not be unreachable…
Bart raises his eyebrows. “Okay,” he says slowly.
“My services are free,” he points out. “Besides, I like fixing things.” He eyes Cas for a moment and says, “You’re thinking about it. I can tell you’re thinking about it.”
“No. I wasn’t.” His tone is steady, and his eyes don’t widen with feigned innocence. Dean’s inclined to believe him.
“I’ll take off as soon as we’re done here,” he says, rolling his eyes. “And I’ll take better precautions next time.”
Sam grins as they take their seats in the car. “Do you remember that time in Texas? We put a dead vampire in the trunk and forgot about it for three days.”
Dean becomes aware he’s at the hospital, and he knows he’s just been injured in a fire, but he can’t remember much more than that. He’s mostly undressed, covered by a blanket from the waist down, and he’s attached to various tubes and cords, including a cannula giving him oxygen in his nose. His brother is standing above him with a worried furrow in his brow.
"Stop holding me back, Angel," Dean snarls, yanking away, and in his deadly, now drunk anger, he looks just like he did when they first met—full demon.
"On a brief mission," Crowley says. "I have something for you to do as well."
"Let's have a drink. You have any alcohol? I'll take whiskey, like the good old times."
“Ah, there’s my man. You had me worried there for a second. Looking around this place, you’d never know you ever served.” Cas sees Eliot look over at Bart from the behind the pastry case. “I mean, not so much as an American flag in here.”
“I think if it had been any longer, it would have.”
“No offense, you just don’t strike me as a military type. What branch? If you say Navy, I take back everything I said about mysterious.”
"Look, I know you don't really like me."
Jack frowns, glancing at the tissue box Dean set on the bed. “Are you okay?”
“Okay,” Dean says, looking back up. “That was smooth, I’ll give you that. So, what do you actually do for a living?”
"Well, things ended quickly. Have you spoken with the bartender?"
"What are you doing here, Alastair? As I recall, last time I saw you, I told you if we met again I would kill you."
Jack leans against the counter. He doesn’t want to say that Dean Winchester scares the shit out of him. “Maybe.”
"I know that," Cas says, though he actually didn't and he hopes Balthazar is exaggerating. "But he needs help, Balthazar. He—"
Sam frowns and looks to the ground as he considers. "I mean, it—it's a life. It works."
"I assume you already have my next target figured out," Dean says after they've ordered their drinks.
“You did everything right, kid,” Dean says, rubbing his back. “You did everything right.”
Dean sighs and steps back. “Come on. I want to talk to you for a minute.”
She gives him a look.
"I don't know. It would have made sense for me to find out about him. I mean, if he died, he should have gone to heaven, even if his soul was so young."
It's no cooler outside after the five minutes he was in the bar. He shrugs off his leather jacket and tosses it across a chair outside the place. He's left with just a gray V-neck, which makes the shade just barely bearable.
Cas straightens and sits on the opposite bed. "It's fine." He still looks slightly wary.
He steps aside and says, "Don't forget what I've done for you. If you can set aside all those pent-up human emotions for a moment, you may have a different idea about who's in debt to whom."
He pivots and gets two shots off, one in a demon’s leg and one in another’s stomach, before the third throws him back onto the floor. His head hits the concrete and dark spots speckle his vision, his ears still ringing from the echo of the gunshots. As his eyesight clears, he catches movement toward him and raises the gun, only to have it torn from his grasp.
Still watching Dean with suspicion, Cas sits down against the pillows at the head of the bed.
Dean nods and opens the file. He sees a few words, something about liquefied brains, then closes it again and looks over at her. “You still sure this is what you want to do?”
“What did he say when you talked to him?”
“This seat taken?”
“Why are you fighting demons in the first place? Why didn’t you tell me you were hunting again?”
When the nurse leaves, he takes a moment to gather up his thoughts, his memories.
Dean takes a long drink of beer and catches the brief flash of a shooting star out of the corner of his eye. It’s different being with Cas in person than in the dreams. His emotions are more hidden, unable to manifest in the air the way they did inside Dean’s mind. It’s replaced by the sheer presence of his grace—nearly unbearable when Dean first felt it, and now simply a comforting ambiance, like the purr of the Impala’s engine when he drives.
"Cas, I—" He looks around at the demons he killed so effortlessly, and the dead vessels he hadn't spared a thought to. "I messed up."
“Well, I’m good now,” he says. “Ready to get the fuck out of here, that’s for sure.” He studies Jack for a moment. He’s wearing his fire department ball cap even though he’s off-duty, and he’s paired it, eclectically, with a tie-dye shirt. “What do you think, kid? You still want to do this job so bad now that you know the risks you really run?”
“I understand you’re angry—you just lost your mother, I know that feels like hell—but we did everything in our power to save her. All of us. I’m very sorry it had to be this way.”
Dean's smile becomes more amused. Crowley always finds it delightful to watch people squirm under some of Dean's expressions, and this particular one he dubbed the 'wolf smile.'
“He’s not gonna try to convince you to come back, Sam. Well, he might do it subconsciously, but if you call him out he’ll shut up.”
“Damn hunters,” the demon says, grabbing the front of Dean’s jacket and hauling him to his feet. Her eyes flick to black. “There are so many more of you than last time I was topside. But you’re still outnumbered.”
"Why? What's wrong?"
But not this time.
Dean flashes a dry smile. “That’s a little too touchy-feely for my style.”
Crowley frowns. "You can't see him?"
Sam frowns and takes a small step back from Crowley. "What's…going to happen to him, then?"
The bay seems huge to Jack—big enough to hold two fire engines, two ambulances, and two chase rigs—and the laughs of the other firefighters echo off the bare walls and concrete floor. They’re scattered among the vehicles in the most casual way possible, one leaning on the hood of a rig, another perched out of the back of the open ambulance, another sitting on the rear bumper of a fire engine. Jack swears each one is at least six feet tall with at least one sleeve of tattoos, like every stereotypical firefighter ever.
“Good. Good.”
Cas turns sharply and steps away as a middle-aged man in a business suit emerges from shadow behind them. Of course, Cas can see the demon inside.
“Alright, you’re done,” Dean says as he snips the spare thread.
He's only been there a few minutes when he hears the older of the two—Crowley, the king of hell—say, "I never should have given any of those idiots my phone number. Pardonne moi," he says sarcastically as he slides off the barstool and answers his phone.
"I've heard that so many times," Cas says, exasperated. "You agreed to this, Dean. You agreed to all of this."
"Are you gonna kill me, Cas?" Dean says through a smirk.
Sam shakes his head, his expression growing sad. “You won’t shoot me.”
Cas smiles slightly as he shifts back to lean on the railing again. “I’m glad you’re still with us, Dean. For Jack’s sake, and for the community’s.”
Dean shrugs. "I thought—I thought you were mad at me."
“Honestly? I don’t. I don’t cope with it. I never figured out how. But I learned how to shove it all down. I had to do it to take care of my brother, because my dad wouldn’t, and it’s the same thing I do for patients and their families. That’s the closest I come to dealing with my trauma, I guess. Helping other people deal with theirs.”
His hunch was correct. Dean shifts on his bar stool, watching Cas’s hand on the glass with his lips slightly parted. Then he swallows.
"Please."
He opens his eyes and takes a moment to convince himself that was real, and not just a strange dream. He sits up and pulls out his laptop, searching for Saint George and Cedar City. They’re cities in southern Utah, and if he goes to their news, it looks as though there’s been a lightning storm and two livestock mutilations in Saint George in the last week alone. Demon signs.
He doesn’t answer, instead starting to cough, clutching his chest and rolling to all fours and retching. Part of his hood is charred and still smoking, and when he pauses after dry-heaving, he pulls it off and thrusts it away, revealing a burn down the side of his face and neck.
"Last time we parted ways, you barely lasted a week."
Dean shakes his head. He's almost hyperventilating. "Nothing. I'm fine."
“So?” Dean asks. “What’s it gonna be, you in or out?”
"Where's Alastair? I'll speak to him now," Crowley says upon his return to hell. He's just hung up with 911.
Cas hasn’t forgotten that the first man he ever kissed was killed by a land mine a week later. Even as a non-believer, he still can’t help but feel as though that means something about the trajectory of his happiness.
"Well, I'm not your fairy godmother," the demon says, bored. Dean decides he needs to figure out her name. "This comes at a price, you didn't know that? Ten years from today, a hellhound comes and kills you." She smiles. "But you can have a hell of a time before then."
Sam nods. "I guess, yeah. They have a five percent acceptance rate or something. Anyway, I stayed there for three years, but something…something stopped me. I don't know, it just didn't feel right to make my life that complicated. I felt like I needed something simpler, at least for a while." He shrugs. "It's been four years now that I've been a bartender, so maybe I won't ever go back. I've got a lot of student loans, but I'll figure that out. I should've finished, but something about Stanford just didn't suit me right then."
“Did I… did I try to hurt that kid?” the man asks, gazing over at where the demons had trapped Sam.
This continues until about 9:30, at which point Cas remembers this is their last day in the hotel and checkout is at 11:00.
“You good?” Sam asks, flicking blood off the silver blade.
“Sam, don’t!”
Maybe there’s only one way to find out. Whoever this blonde demon is, maybe he needs to find her, and Saint George, Utah is the place to start. Of course, it would be a huge leap of faith to leave everything behind over one fleeting vision.
Jack seems deep in thought when he gets home the next morning. He drops his backpack inside the door and goes to the kitchen without saying a word to Cas.
Alastair catches him off guard by appearing suddenly to his right, sinking his own poisoned blade into Dean's side. Dean turns and slashes open Alastair's forearm, causing him to grunt in pain and back away, leaving his knife in Dean's side. Dean snarls and pulls the weapon out of himself, holding it in his broken but now healing hand. He doesn't even look behind him as he catches a demon in the gut with the blade before he can attack. He pulls it out and lets the body fall.
"Come on, Brother," Balthazar says. "Time to go home."
"Alright," Cas says, looking over at him with a small frown.
A/N: this is set in a canon-divergent AU after season 2. Azazel is dead; Sam never died and Dean never had to sell his soul. Sam returns to Stanford and Dean goes on hunting alone. The apocalypse is on the horizon, but there are a few differences from canon which will become clear in the story...
He shakes his head. "No. I was conscious for…for several minutes after it actually happened." He stiffens as a car passes close by outside. He doesn't know why he never felt this way on a motorcycle; he just feels more…trapped this way. "I mean, there was nothing I could do—it was 1990, it's not like there was a cell phone in the car, and I couldn't have reached it anyway. I was mostly paralyzed—I just kept saying my foster father's name over and over again, hoping he'd wake up. The whole thing was terrifying for an eleven-year-old. And I haven't forgotten much of it, though back when I was a demon it seemed a lot less significant."
"I can't believe…I can't believe how long it's been. You're, what, thirty-seven now?"
"But you still believe you can become human again?"
Still, the first time a large vehicle passes him on the undivided road, he starts to feel nervous. A moment later, he gets a brief, though overwhelming flashback and he yanks the Impala to the side of the road, stopping halfway in a ditch.
Cas grits his teeth, looking back and forth between the two. "From what I can tell, I'm more afraid of what you can make him do."
Tires squeal just before the call drops.
"No, why?"
“Bobby and Ellen were on me,” Dean says forcefully. “And I’ll go to my grave with that guilt, but that’s not—”
Hannah gives him a soft smile. "He knew, Castiel. He knew."
It takes Dean a moment to answer. "Because I've never driven a car before." He has his hands on the steering wheel and realizes that he's clutching it so tightly his knuckles are white. He immediately loosens his grip.
Dean rubs a hand over his face. “Whatever path he’s headed down right now… I don’t want to know what comes out the other side. I don’t know if I should try to stop Lilith first, or my brother.”
"I brought someone with me," Crowley says once they're inside.
“I mean, I did it for me as much as for you, but… sure.”
Just a quick stab up under the ribs and the demon would be dead.
He pulls out his phone. His thumb hovers over the button to call Crowley. Then he calls Sam instead.
"My best piece of advice would be not to sweat it too much," Sam says, seemingly unaware of Crowley being deep in thought. "Either he'll come around or…maybe he wasn't the friend you thought he was. Sometimes people seem irreplaceable, but there are always others to meet."
She blinks once, her eyes wide in terror, then takes off running.
"Thanks, Crowley," Dean says, rubbing Julius's head before shooing him back toward the king of hell. "Take care of him for me, will you?"
"Good talk," Crowley says, setting his glass back down on the counter and standing. "I suggest you watch your back for the next few days, Sam Winchester."
“Dean,” the man says, offering a hand.
"That's where he's destined, Castiel. You knew that."
There’s a horrible cracking noise above them, loud enough Jack hears it even over the fire and the hose and the sucking of his respirator. He hears someone start to shout over the radio—it’s Rufus’s voice, but he can’t tell what he’s saying.
"Tell you what," Dean says. "Tomorrow. Tomorrow you and I go to lunch, we talk about all this and come to terms with it." He doesn't say it, but he thinks, because I don't know how much time I have left.
"Dean," Cas says so he'll look at him. "For once, listen to me. I know this is hard for you. I don't really know what it's like, so I can't pretend to. But you're not helping either of us by giving up on yourself."
"I know."
Sam steps forward and extends a hand toward the demon, then grasps the air as if pulling something out of it. The demon chokes, coughing up black smoke, and releases the girl. Dean stares in disbelief until he realizes the girl disappeared into one of the classrooms.
"I can't fight it, Sam. I can't. I tried. Hell, I've been trying for the past—the better part of a year? There's no way this story ends where I'm human and we all live happily ever after. The Mark…doesn't work like that."
Dean sits back and props his feet up on the desk, choosing the one lore book that was already here when he checked in: The Holy Bible. The pages are feathery and rumpled, the text tiny on the gray pages. It’s enough to give him a headache, if he keeps at it long enough, but he still wants answers. He wants some proof that his dream of Castiel had been real—or maybe he would rather proof that it wasn’t. But he won’t find that in any book. The best he can do is try to find out if what the so-called angel told him about Lilith was true, and see if an angel visiting him in a dream makes an iota of sense in the first place. If Lilith’s plan really is so big he can’t do anything to stop her, why would heaven—God—bother sending an angel to tell him that? Dean has always been certain about one thing: even if there was a God, He wouldn’t know or care that Dean exists.
He doesn't know how long it takes before he feels like he can breathe again. He's still stroking Dean's hair, even many minutes later.
Dean cocks an eyebrow, chuckling dismissively. “We were just in there talking for an hour and a half, did you miss it?”
"I—yeah."
The bartender sets the drink in front of him and Dean gives him the kind of smile that makes most people turn away. It's a smile that says, I'd like to kill you, but I don't feel like it today, and it tends to give people the creeps. The bartender is no exception.
and he isn’t sure if it’s from whatever the demons did or from seeing Cas. He takes Cas’s hand and lets himself be pulled to his feet.
Cas stands in the middle of the room, still staring at the door, trying to understand what this all means.
Dean wasn’t injured in the melee, but he feels
As summer approaches, they answer more calls, with more variety in the things Jack has to learn to handle. A few shed fires and vehicle fires introduce him to actual firefighting, and recreational activities introduce him to new types of injuries.
“In my head wasn’t good enough?”
Sam shakes his head and takes a sip of whiskey. “You shot them. What kind of bullets work on demons?”
"Um…" He hears a woman's voice say from in front of him, though she's facing away from him. "
“I was just.” He clears his throat. “I was just doing my job. Badly.”
“Oh, sweet Jesus.”
A knock on the window drudges him up out of the depths of sleep. Dean opens his eyes, frowning and looking around the car until he realizes the knock came from behind him. He sits up from the bench seat and turns to the window, where he’s met with the harsh blue glare of a flashlight. He rolls the window down a few inches, squinting as his eyes adjust.
The second unit has arrived, and Jack watches helpless as they go inside to search for Dean. Now that he’s outside, he can see the damage: the back half of the roof collapsed, and the flames have roared up higher now than when he first got here. Garth is inside with the search team while Rufus and a firefighter from the second truck aim hoses in the windows, trying to keep the fire at bay, keep it from spreading.
“I’m sure he’ll get over it. I used to work with guys like that—they’ll bitch for a few days, and then they’ll get over it and realize it’s just different, not bad. Besides, maybe he was just having a bad day.”
“It’s the night in that graveyard. I watch you raise the Colt at the Yellow-Eyed Demon, and then you miss. With the last bullet, you miss. Everything we’d been fighting for and everything that’d happened to our family, just all for nothing.”
Dean swallows the blood in his mouth and sits up, trying to look like he's not struggling too much. "It's okay. I'm fine."
Cas just looks at him with his head cocked, waiting for a better answer.
His arms are decorated with a combination of vines and barbed wire, which twist from his wrists to his shoulders; Cas has seen these before when Dean was wearing short sleeves in front of the Texas bar, but he'd barely noticed them or the fact that they were permanent ink embedded in his skin. A single strand of wire from each arm meet and cross at his collarbone. His right biceps bears a human skull while the underside of his left forearm has some kind quote on it, though Cas can't read it.
“Just shut up and listen to me for a minute. We both know the apocalypse can’t go down, right? At least we agree on that. So, we do whatever we have to do to stop it.”
Sam gets out and steps forward into the headlights, his gaze traveling down to the gun in Dean’s hand. “Dean. What are you doing? What happened to you?”
She narrows her eyes at him. "I mean, I didn't know you could be healed that fast." She looks to Cas. "I've never encountered angels before."
Cas smiles and moves Dean's hand away. "Don't feel indebted to me. This doesn't work like that. If I could…" His expression grows sad. "If I could actually fix you, maybe. But—"
He’s spent years carefully walling off his memories of Iraq, but he’s only ever had bricks, no mortar. One shove at the wall and a part of it collapses, leaving him repeatedly rebuilding. He’s so busy rebuilding and worrying about the next shove that he never gets to really turn his back on the wall.
Crowley snatches Cas's angel blade from where he still had it gripped in the hand that Dean had held down. "So this can kill a demon?"
The werewolf lunges, and he swings the machete. He catches it in the shoulder instead of the neck, and its full weight hits him a split-second later, knocking him to the ground. Its claws rake across his face and dig into his arm as he struggles to keep its snapping jaw away with the machete.
Then Dean shoves him away violently, knocking him back to the floor. "It's too late, Angel," he snarls. Anger. He'd been shaking from rage.
“You didn’t pray to me.”
She studies him for a moment, then nods. “Okay. Maybe tomorrow?”
Dean pulls the knives out of him and lets his body fall to the pavement. He turns, and as soon as he lays eyes on the last two demons, they smoke out.
"Don't get yourself worked up. I can have someone get it and bring it to you."
“Dean?”
"If." Dean turns back to his bike and sits down on it again. "Come on."
He’s bold—almost too bold—but this is why Cas is here, isn’t it? Whether he’s willing to admit it to himself or not. And whatever Dean has going on is working for him. He doesn’t have him entirely figured out yet, but he has a hunch he’s willing to take a risk on.
"Get the hell out," Sam tells him flatly. Using "hell" feels different now that he's been there.
“Apparently I gotta hit the road,” Dean says, “so I’m gonna shower and get my shit in the car. But, uh, thanks for the save, Cas.”
Dean goes to pour his coffee and wonders what in the hell he's going to do all day. It's not like his life has entirely revolved around killing, but now that he's staying away from it and he's cut ties with Crowley, he has no idea how to spend his time.
“Right. You’re right.”
“I do.” He turns away to pour the coffee and collect his thoughts. “I’ve had it for almost three years now.”
“Sorry.”
school, much less when they’re not.”
"Given the circumstances," Dean says as he starts to feel nausea rising in his gut, "I'm going to leave it here and make it someone else's problem. Let's go back to the motel."
It doesn't make sense. Dean had done—something, something powerful—to heal him, only to stab him again. But that's how the Mark works, isn't it? Everything comes in waves.
“And you didn’t bother to tell me?”
"Castiel."
"Nothing. Well, I just—got bored, I think. I'll leave you alone."
Dean hasn’t told Sam about Castiel. He’s not sure why. Maybe it’s that “So, there’s this angel who visits me in my dreams” is a whack-job way to start a conversation, or maybe it’s that Sam has a different relationship with faith than Dean does, or maybe Dean just doesn’t want to bring it up until he has hard proof that Castiel exists and that he is what he says he is.
“Come on, Cas, you don’t want to do this. You can fight it.”
Crowley smiles. "Welcome back, Dean."
Only one thing to define in this one:
He flips the phone shut and paces the width of his car once more before stopping. Cas. He needs to talk to Cas. He swore he wouldn’t keep drinking himself to sleep, but if there’s a time to do it, it’s now.
"I need your help."
“Jack,” Garth says, “are you hurt, or can you help take him to the hospital?”
"Don't insult me," Dean snarls.
Dean shrugs. As a demon, he doesn't technically have to sleep, but sometimes once he does he can sleep for about twelve hours. "What can I say? Gotta catch up sometime."
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Dean says, his voice hoarse from coughing. “That was my bad. I almost got you killed.”
“Yeah, I’m jealous.” Dean takes a pouch from Garth’s tin and offers a peppermint one in exchange. “Can you finish your damn certification any faster?”
"No. Yes." He sighs. "Look, I haven't actually been in a car since I was eleven."
Together, they move forward.
"Hm." Crowley swirls the wine in his glass.
Two hours and many complications later, Dean and Cas head toward the black Impala, keys in hand.
"I'll admit, when I first gave Dean the Mark, it was because I needed a warrior, a weapon, someone who would respect me rather than fear me or hate me like all the other demons do. But he became…he became a lot more than that to me. And now I know that I stole him from you, but at the time you were just a name. It didn't matter to me. You had a settling answer—he was dead—and I didn't realize that emotions came into that, not really. So maybe—maybe I am sorry that you think I stole a life away from you two, but I didn't. Dean would be dead—actually dead—if not for me. Besides, it was worth it."
"Alright," she says with a slow nod. She walks over to Dean and gently pulls his soul out of his body, cradling it slightly. She looks to Cas. "I'll take him to heaven. If they refuse him, I'll be back before long."
“Yeah, last week. Why?”
Cas shakes his head. "And this is the kind of world you've been in your whole life?"
Dean reaches over and grabs Cas's tie, pulling him into a brief kiss. "You're okay for an angel."
"Hey, Cas," he starts, going over to where the angel sits on the bed. He takes Cas's hand and pulls him to his feet, then laces their fingers together. "I don't even know how to begin to thank you."
Cas looks alarmed. "What?"
Crowley looks back up to Dean's face, his eyebrow lightly raised. It's only now that he realizes Dean doesn't just look bloody—he looks shaken. Broken. "Something's happened," Crowley says slowly.
Dean shoots him an annoyed look. “Well look, your holiness, we humans may be primitive, but if there’s one thing we do—a lot, especially in my line of work—it’s get hurt. So, I may know a thing or two about dealing with that.”
“I’m on my way,” Jo says. Dean can hear her car engine rev through the phone. “I think I can be there in about an hour, can you wait that long?”
“We’ll see about that.” As the car door shuts, Dean adds through the open window, “Maybe we should grab a drink sometime.”
Back at the station, Dean finds Garth in one of the recliners with the TV on.
Cas could kill him right here just by touching him—if he's fast enough—but something about this demon strikes him and he remains still.
Cas looks puzzled. "I'm not—on your shoulder—"
Jo is quiet for a moment as she takes a couple swigs of beer. “So, you didn’t choose hunting. But my dad did. I want to. This life, at the Roadhouse… it’s like I’m half in and half out. I guess I just want to belong somewhere.”
"Well, not exactly. Only the archangels were there in the beginning—"
Dean knocks on the front door and announces, “Fire department.”
He doesn't know if he'll see Cas again. He doesn't know if he can do all this—this being human without Cas. He's not sure he wants to.
She eyes him for a moment, then answers, “A banshee.”
Jack stifles a yawn. “I’m alright. How’s Stacy?”
"How long were you feeling like this? And throwing up?"
Crowley shifts in his throne so he can face Dean. "A little birdy told me that an angel has been icing my crossroads demons. I don't know why and I don't know how, but I don't particularly care. I want him dead." He pulls a folded piece of a map from inside his suit coat. "I've marked the places the angel's been seen recently on here, but it's the best I've got. You'll have to track him down from there."
Dean lifts a shoulder and gives a single nod. “Fair enough.”
“Dude, if you’re going to bed before midnight, you are doing college all wrong.”
Dean rolls his eyes and hops off the bumper. “I’ll move my gear.”
He remembers it.
He turns to clip the sensor of the oximeter onto Carol’s finger, then swivels back for the stethoscope. Jack is still standing there, frozen, staring at the space behind Dean.
“Look at you, a successful business owner.” Bart looks around. “It’s got a… West Coast kind of feel, not quite Kansas, but hey, always good to bring something new, right?”
Frowning, Sam goes back to the living room. All the curtains are closed and he doesn't hear anything, but Riot never barks unless he's seen or heard something obvious.
Maybe tonight, he’ll see it again. Maybe tonight, he’ll get its name.
“You didn’t raise me that way, though.”
"I'll figure that out," he says. He won't, of course. He'll help him because Dean is the only thing his cold, blackened demon heart has the capacity to care about. With maybe a very recent exception.
“Oh, bite me.” Sam’s smile fades, and he sighs. “Going back to Stanford was harder than I expected it to be. Harder than I’ve been letting on. It was easy leaving the first time, you know? It was all I’d ever wanted, I thought.”
"Relax," another says. "Crowley sent us. He ain't so fond of you, but he's just looking for Dean."
"Here," Crowley says, pulling a small notepad and pen out of his pocket and scribbling something down on it before setting it on the table beside Sam. "They looked good on you, by the way," he adds with a small nod to the glasses in Sam's hand.
"I won't need backup," Dean says. "Give me forty-eight hours, I'll have the angel dead in less."
"Sam," Dean says, taking his brother's shoulders. "Look at me. Somewhere in the back of your head, I must look familiar to you. And stop telling yourself you're insane. You're not."
"Anyway, he just crashed his motorcycle and he looks pretty torn up. I think he needs medical help but he won't let me call an ambulance. We're at the corner of Eleventh and Cleveland—he wants you to get here, but…discreetly? Whatever that means. …who am I? I'm the one he nearly hit and, right now, the only one helping him. Can you just head over? I'm kinda worried about him."
"No. No one's killing anyone."
Dean digs out a pair of jeans and puts them on before seeking out the coffee machine and setting it up to start brewing. It's been twelve days since he's killed anyone; this will make his thirteenth. He knows it's the longest he's gone in years and he's starting to feel some physical effects of it. The nosebleed was the start, and since then he's felt nauseous on and off and has started coughing. Nonetheless, he's still somewhat convinced that he should keep from murdering anyone. He remembers what Cas said about being human and it means more to him than the angel probably ever expected.
"But Dean, I don't want to think that you're suffering—"
“I know, and I figured maybe if you thought I was still at Stanford, it would give you some peace of mind.”
He hasn't seen much of Dean since they checked into this hotel two nights ago. He wouldn't put it past the demon to slip away to satisfy his need to kill, but Cas knows Dean only has so much tolerance for him, so he's kept his distance. He can only hope that he's kept clean.
“What view?” Cas says with a little furrow in his brow. “It’s dark, I’m surprised your human retinas can—”
"I'm sorry, Cas. I'm sorry."
He pulls a pack of cigarettes and his lighter out. Cas glances at him as he lights one, flips the lighter shut, and pockets it.
“How long—”
"So you're—you're choosing to die? Just like that, after everything, you're just—done?"
"Why are you here? You said you had things to deal with."
Dean takes a pull off his cigarette and looks down the road, sighing. "I'm not ready. I have no idea what the hell I'm doing. But I'm starting to put together a lie in my head and I'll work it out."
Then Dean pulls Cas up against him and kisses him again, this time with more passion. There's something intoxicating about the sensation and as Cas's hand travels from Dean's face to his chest, he finds himself clutching the demon's shirt as if he could pull him any closer.
“And you don’t want to go to the hospital, Mr. Health Insurance?”
He turns to the woman and puts a hand on her shoulder. “Carol? My name is Dean, I’m with the ambulance. I want to get you feeling better and get you to the hospital, okay?”
“I don’t know.” Dean shakes his head and digs the toe of his boot into the gravel. “You’re just gonna get yourself killed.”
"Stanford?" Dean asks, eyebrows raised. "Isn't that one of the big prestigious ones?"
A woman lies on the floor. She's probably only a been dead a few minutes. She has a horrible, bloody gash from the middle of her chest to her stomach, so neatly straight and so deep that it must've been done slowly, very slowly. A knife sits upright, dug into the carpet, beside her.
Sam lets go of his badge. “I’m not sure I’m okay with how nonchalant you are about this. You almost died.”
"Okay, but I'm serious. What the hell I do say?"
He feels a hand on his shoulder and looks over in surprise to find Crowley beside him.
"Your wound must have already been treated?" Cas asks warily once he runs into Balthazar again in heaven.
“Good, ‘cause he just became our patient. Bring the stretcher down here, you and I will take him.”
He freezes in the middle of unchaining his bike. He turns and sees her standing a few feet away, watching his every move. At a glance, she looks unarmed, but he catches the glint of a blade in her belt, and her hand isn’t far from it.
Dean tosses his suit jacket onto the bed and loosens his tie enough to unbutton the top button of his shirt. With a sigh, he cracks open a lukewarm beer and drops into the office chair in the corner of the motel room. He has a mess of books and papers spread across the desk, varying in topic: some regarding lore about reapers, which he’s no longer convinced is what he’s hunting, some on demonology, and the rest about angels.
"We'll have to make crap up as we go. Just don't contradict me."
Sam is left speechless, his mouth slightly open. "I—how—why—that's—that's creepy. W-why do you know all that?"
Then Cas feels a knife slide into his back. For a moment, he feels nothing. No demon has a weapon that can work on an angel. As he starts to turn, his head gives an abrupt throb. His vision starts to blur, and suddenly his veins are on fire.
"Not the angel, you idiot. You, Dean. If you want a way out, you can end it all by choice. I'm not saying it's a good idea. But with the shape you're in, I'm guessing the Mark will let you die by angel blade." He shrugs slowly. "One way ends in demon, this one ends in death, and the other could go either way. Your choice."
Alastair lets go and two demons grab Dean from either side, holding him open for an attack. Alastair buries his fist in Dean's solar plexus and gives him a savage slash across the cheek with his knife. Dean can feel the hot blood start to rush down his face as he gasps for air.
It's been a hard decision for him. He's spent the last few days pondering his conversation with Sam and wondering if he should make a move or not. Eventually, he decided safe is better than sorry.
“I didn’t know. If I had known, I would’ve—”
Cas nods and starts to follow him.
Jack nods, his heart hammering in his chest.
Balthazar looks resolutely at the floor.
" Dean roars, looking up with a snarl before he has to lean over again to vomit up blood. "I could rip your throat out," he growls more quietly, but his demeanor is less threatening; he sets his forehead down on the faucet and stares at the bottom of the sink.
Turnouts: the firefighting uniform. The things they wear so they don't die. You know what they look like.
Dean—seemingly involuntarily—reaches up to touch the healing cut on his cheek. It's probably deep enough it will leave a scar. Then he smirks a bit. "If I were you, I wouldn't be so sure you could win a fight against me."
“Is she going to be okay?” Jack asks.
Dean realizes all eyes are on him. He clears his throat. "So, I guess…I guess this is it. I'm not gonna make this long and dramatic." He steps over to Sam and pulls him into a hug. "I'm sorry it had to be this way, Sammy," he says quietly, just between the two of them.
"Seriously?"
Dean holds his gaze for several seconds and Crowley finds himself unable to read his expression. Then Dean turns to head for the door. Somehow, Crowley's mind drifts to Sam and his place in all this.
“Keep Sam Winchester from killing her.”
"You are scared," Cas realizes.
“Meet me there.”
Slumped back against the pillows on his bed, bottle of bourbon still in hand, he scrolls through his contacts until he finds Sam. If it’s 1:40 here, it’s almost midnight in California. Chances are, Sam is asleep, but maybe that’s all the more reason to call. To say he did.
“Why do you think I left hunting after the Devil’s Gate? Because after I saw what happened to the other people like me, after I shot Jake Talley in the back? I was afraid, Dean. Of myself.”
Dean looks up to see Cas with his head cocked again. "Don't ask too many questions, Angel."
“You’re still worried about what Dad said before he died, aren’t you?” Sam asks.
"I don't know what I want." He shakes his head as he works on buttoning his flannel. "I can't—I can't imagine what I'd say. 'Hi, I'm your brother you thought died years ago! I'm a demon or something and I've killed lots of people. How are you today?'"
Dean hates the look in Cas's eyes when he turns to look at him. "And I will miss you."
"You're not a demon anymore—" Cas starts, but Dean puts a finger on his lips to shush him.
"Are you angry?" Cas asks quietly.
"This was worse than last time," Cas says. "Much worse. What happened?"
In the back of the ambulance, Jack helps Dean out of his turnout coat and Garth starts an IV. Jack listens to Dean’s lungs, and he doesn’t have enough experience to know for sure, but they don’t sound good. The right lung seems noticeably quieter than the left, which might mean a collapsed lung, but even the left sounds wheezy—of course, Jack knows Dean smokes sometimes off-duty, so that might be normal for him.
The light flicks off.
“I know you paid for my drinks,” Cas says, “and I’m happy to pay you back—”
Dean cocks an eyebrow and goes to sit on the worn fabric couch. "So you need my help now, huh?"
Dean watches him for a moment, then says, “So, we good?”
Jordan smirks. “Technically, I called Bobby Singer. Nah, man, I’m just checkin’. Hunter to hunter, you know? Those demons banged us both up pretty good.”
Cas glares at him. "I hate that this is your solution. Doesn't death mean anything to you? Aren't you afraid of it?"
“I existed long before your kind,” Cas sighs. “I suppose I will exist after it.”
“Your CT looked okay. I guess you have a normal brain in there after all.”
black demon smoke erupts from the three vessels and disappears into the ground. The humans collapse, momentarily unconscious.
But finally, Sam hears something. It's a growl, but he can tell it isn't Riot's; it's far more powerful and much deeper.
"Dean—I should tell you…I should tell you what you mean to me. I don't think I've—I've never really taken the time, I think, and—"
"Cas," he says very quietly, very flatly.
"From what I know," Dean says with a skeptical expression, "there is no halfway. The spell works or it doesn't."
“No, I’ve never heard of them. Why?”
It doesn't really matter. As long as he doesn't talk too much to Sam, all is well in Crowley's book.
"Cas," Dean says, helping him to sit up, though he himself feels drained from the exorcism. "You okay?"
Sam’s expression is resigned. “Now, I’m going to start listening to God before either of us can get anyone else killed.” He turns away and walks to Bobby’s car.
The wait is excruciating, but the door and salt line both hold. Sam tries to come up with what he’s going to say to Dean about hunting, about why he’s not in Palo Alto, about why he hasn’t called since September.
"Why Dean?" Sam asks, shaking his head in disbelief. "You changed…you changed everything for both of us, and I didn't even know you existed."
patch: a radio patch is the brief report an incoming EMS unit gives the hospital to tell them about the patient they're bringing in.
"Ancient astronomers were imaginative." Cas spots a constellation he recognizes and points to it. "I believe that's one. It's called Aquila; it looks like a crooked cross."
Cas looks back with a frown. “What makes you say that?”
With a sigh, he tosses the bag of ice onto the bed and undresses on his way to the shower, leaving a trail of bloodstained clothing in his wake. When he opens the bathroom door again, ushering a cloud of steam out into the room, he quickly discovers he has no clean clothes left.
Then he woke up and saw all the bodies. Some had been unconscious vessels and were probably in this same hospital. The rest…the rest had been elegantly murdered.
Dean stays on the ground. “I saw you. Your angel form, I mean.”
Jack shuts up immediately, avoiding Dean’s gaze even as he stops at a stop light.
Cas sighs. "Why didn't you let me know? I could have prevented half of this, at least."
"Wow," Sam says with a frown. "I shouldn't have made you go first." He's just spent the last hour listening to Dean talk about everything that's happened since the car crash and he can hardly believe it. It sounds miserable, for starters, but the whole demon thing also makes him intensely uncomfortable. Though he tried to avoid the topic numerous times, Dean admitted to having committed murder, which was both terrifying and very difficult to believe. Except for the look in his eyes when he said it—that was something Sam feels he will never forget. There was never a number disclosed on this topic, but though Dean made it sound as though he hadn't killed very many, the discomfort in Castiel's expression said something different.
“I know some things just happen, but…” He swallows. “I lost my mom when I was seven. She died peacefully. In her sleep, I mean. And I sort of knew it was coming. Cancer and all. But I was too young to be prepared for it.”
they called him.
"Y—you," he says, for lack of a better thought.
"You showed up when I told you to," Dean says as not-really-an-answer. He glances at his watch. "To the minute, actually."
Now, with as human as he is, he feels all of the alcohol he consumed last night.
It takes longer than he expected, but the water is making a difference. The flames are persistent, but they’re dying. As the light from the fire dims and the room fills with steam and smoke, he can only see Dean by the reflective material on his turnouts.
"You've seen better days," he comments, noticing the blood dried on Dean's face—which he'd only half-heartedly tried to wipe off—and soaked into the gray t-shirt he wears under his flannel. Flannel. Crowley wonders what happened to the black and leather.
"No," he croaks. He swallows, coughs, and takes a breath. "Don't."
Dean is tense but he keeps his expression still, a small smirk on his face. "Why do you think it was me?"
"Why do you call me that?"
"What?"
Dean rubs his eyes. “No problem here. I’m on my way down to Oklahoma to see family, but I got too tired to make it to the next rest stop, so. Better that than fall asleep drivin’, huh?”
was the cause of Dean's change of attitude? It doesn't seem logical, but what other explanation is there? Crowley knows well enough how the Mark of Cain works. It wouldn't let Dean give up killing of his own accord.
“Yeah, and this is better.”
Jack nods, blinking a few too many times.
Cas pauses. "I…I don't know much about them in life. Your mother came from a family of hunters."
“Cas. Hey. You’re okay? I need your help. Sam is on his way here now and I have to get to Lilith first. If we can kill her, we can keep the final seal from ever being broken, and—”
She never came back.
“Problem, officer?” he asks.
Sam frowns. "I don't need those."
“Are you suggesting we wait until she’s closer to the last one?” Sam asks. “Isn’t that… cutting it awfully close, considering the consequences?”
Jack frowns. “Um.”
“When I was younger, I thought I was leaving because I was better than this life, better than you and Dad. It wasn’t that. I never deserved to be a part of this family in the first place.”
He wants to say
As if he could hear him, Dean stirs weakly. The wound on his head heals over. His brow furrows in confusion and discomfort, as if he knew he was supposed to die and now he's not sure what's happening. His eyes open, and his irises are pure black.
With Carol in the care of the ED staff, Dean steps outside and finds Jack cleaning the gurney, looking troubled.
“I bet. How is Bobby doing?”
Dean curses under his breath and steps back, putting a small tree between him and Sam.
Sam is killing Lilith. Dean can see her gasping, black smoke pouring out of her eyes, nose, mouth.
It's Cas.
"Yes, of course," Sam manages, though he still doesn't look convinced. He shakes his head. "But your eyes are wrong….He had light eyes. Green." He laughs humorlessly. "Not to mention, Dean, you're dead. I went to your funeral."
“How many demons are at the convent? You think we have any chance of taking them and Lilith out before Sam can?”
"If anyone sees I've brought a human down here, we're both going to have issues," Crowley says.
They apologize to each other simultaneously, and Dean rolls his eyes and smirks.
The demon spins around, catching Cas's knife arm and twisting it so hard any human's bone would crack as he uses his other hand to plunge a knife into Cas's chest.
Dean shakes his head, but his expression is accepting. "Thanks, Sammy."
you, because someone has to end this, and for once I want to take that weight off your shoulders."
"They're forgiving all of that," Balthazar says. "We know what you did was ultimately good. You probably helped saved lives, human and angel alike, too."
“Hey, Kline,” Dean says sharply, snapping his gloved fingers. Jack starts and looks at him with wide eyes. “Nebulizer. Albuterol. Now.”
“Missing one. I haven’t seen the demon yet, either, but I think it’s still in here somewhere.”
Sam is quiet for a while. Dean tilts the bourbon bottle to see the light reflect off the copper coloring on the label.
“Will you let me put some gauze on it, at least? It’s like an instinctual thing, I can’t just watch—”
"Come on, you're the angel. Weren't you here for the creation of the world and all that?"
"Here you go," Sam says, setting the drink in front of him and returning to his position leaning on the counter.
Holstering his gun, he follows her inside and finds her hiding behind the door.
Crowley scoffs silently. "You want to feel powerful again."
"Yeah. Just—leave out the parts about, you know, murder and…stuff."
Where did they go so wrong? How have they made things worse instead of better? This isn’t how he was expecting this to go, it isn’t how he wanted it to go...
He hears the front door of the apartment shut and Dean steps out from behind the shrubbery. He stares at the apartment for a few seconds before turning to Cas.
The demon casts a glance to either side of him. Everyone's run from the bar except the bartender, who is talking frantically into a phone. "No one knows that," the demon growls, "except Crowley. How do you know?"
“I wish we could.” Jack pauses at the grill of the ambulance to look back at Dean. He and the daughter take a seat on the porch steps, talking quietly as she starts to cry again. “What is he saying?”
"I know," Cas says. He keeps glancing down at Dean's chest. "I, um, I think I need your help."
“Oh.” There goes his safety net.
“Because everything is better with pie. Coffee, beer, ice cream. Breakups. Mornings after.”
He gives a tiny nod.
“Don’t slobber in my car, you three-legged bastard.”
Tessa looks sadly at the body on the bed. "He was still a demon, Cas—"
Dean flares his nostrils and exhales smoke through his nose, then puts the cigarette out in his palm, which heals instantly from the burn.
"I'm okay," he says stiffly. "It's fine." He starts to feel lightheaded and amends his statement. "I just need to lay down…for a second…."
There’s The Colonel, a German Shepherd that used to be part of a K-9 unit for the local PD, until he lost a front leg and was retired. His handler, a friend of Dean’s, had intended to adopt the dog himself, until The Colonel attacked one of his young kids and it became obvious that was an impossibility. He had offered him to Dean instead. Even after getting bitten twice and having multiple people tell him The Colonel should be put down, Dean persisted in rehabilitating him. He still tells visitors not to touch The Colonel unless the dog approaches them first, but no one has been bitten in almost three years.
Cas really does look just like a human, one in a rumpled business suit and outdated coat at that, but the power contained in that form is unmistakable. It’s the warmth he recognizes from his dreams, but it’s mixed with a raw, almost terrible strength he must’ve been trying to hide. Dean begins to understand how, in so many scriptural angel encounters he’s read about, the beholder falls to their knees before them.
Dean is across the apparatus bay, talking to Garth. He gives Jack a nod of acknowledgement, then exchanges an amused expression with Garth before walking over.
"You mean kill yourself?" Cas asks incredulously. "Dean, you can't—"
"How else do you explain it, Sam Winchester?" He blinks and his eyes return to their normal shade of brown.
Sam gives a nod. “You find the kid, I’ll find the demon.”
Secondly, he has no idea why he just lost his right-hand man and, he admits to himself, best friend. What would make Dean change his mind about everything so suddenly?
He glances to either side to make certain no one is coming down the hall, then makes himself appear on the other side of the door.
It takes a moment for him to get an answer. "C—Cas. I need you right now." He speaks almost too slowly, as if measuring every word. "I know that I don't have the right to ask anything of you, but I need you, or I'm—I'm going to do something worse."
× × ×
“You got a hunter in the area?”
"I don't know, probably kill…" He stops himself before he finishes.
Dean is silent for a long time, and Cas is at a loss for words. The Mark isn't going to let them forget what's going to happen; that much seems clear.
“All this will clear up, right? And I’ll be back to normal?”
She eyes him warily, trying to judge if he's threatening her. "I don't make the rules."
He can't pretend he's not taken aback by the idea that this may kill him, but he swallows it quickly and retorts, "Then like I said; maybe this so-called life isn't worth living." He tosses his still-burning cigarette at Crowley's feet and starts to leave the room.
Cas is in the back doing inventory when Eliot comes to fetch him.
Cas leaves his room and heads down the hall to Dean's door. He raises his hand to knock, but hesitates. Maybe he should just go back to his room and leave the demon alone.
"You know Crowley will never accept you again. Not if you kill me."
"Juliet! Juliet, back off. No, Ophelia, stay."
Cas looks startled. "Your brother?"
"Sounds good," Dean says, taking a drink of his beer. "Where is she?"
Cas returns to the hotel room in an instant, leaving the demon with his thoughts and hopefully with the reconsideration of why Cas refused to ride back with him.
Gunshots outside the door. Dean’s here. But what the hell is he doing shooting demons with a gun?
“Yeah.” He gets to his feet and shoves his machete back into its sheath, staring down at the werewolf. “An idea where to put the body?”
He watches the sky for a moment in silence before his gaze travels down to Cas’s silhouette against the stars.
He’s at Bobby’s. The air is cold—Bobby’s house is usually cold at night—and the film of sweat he worked up during the dream pulls the heat from his body, almost enough to make him shiver. He tucks the gun back under the couch cushion, then tugs the quilt up to his chin, exposing his feet to the cold in the process.
“I know. It’s just… I’m not proud of a lot of the things we did to get to the demon—what happened to Meg Masters and some of the other demon vessels, nearly getting that family in Salvation killed, getting Ash killed and the original Roadhouse burned down. Hell, losing Dad, too. But at least… I don’t know if the ends justify the means, but at least there was an end. I was willing to give up everything to kill the Yellow-Eyed Demon. Everything. I’d do the same to kill Lilith.”
He stops but doesn’t look back. “Don’t try and stop me, Dean.”
Sam smiles a bit and also shrugs. "I'm not sure what else to say. Like I said, my life isn't much to write home about."
If he could erase it from his memory, he would.
“Well—I never stay in one place long, and usually I’m the one hunting the demons, not the other way around.”
"Am I interrupting something?"
"Ah, and keeping lube in the pocket of your coat? That was a good one. I'm proud of ya."
"Dean. I…care about him, Moose. He's the only thing I've ever cared about."
Cas looks at him for a moment, then says, “You know what needs to be done. So, find the right time to do it.”
She shrugs. “I guess I’ll keep doing what I do. Hunting.”
"I wish I could say this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen," Sam says. Dean looks up to find him staring toward the hound he can't see.
"Cas. Cas," he says, shaking him slightly. He's very still and he looks pale. "Dammit," Dean says, "I can't get you to heaven, how…?"
Dean turns with a dry look to see Crowley standing in the driveway behind him.
"Okay, Cas," Dean says, and he sounds amused. "Button it, then." Cas does so as Dean continues. "You have two jobs riding pillion—as a passenger: one, when I lean to turn, don't resist it, just go with me; and two, don't fall off. Good?" He pulls his helmet on and revs the bike's engine, probably just for fun.
"What did you do, Dean?"
“Do you still feel it? My soul?” Cas’s grip on his jacket loosens, and Dean presses the angel’s hand flat against his chest. “You said it felt like home.”
“I haven’t known you long, but you seem to give so much and take so little. That can’t last forever.”
“He’s an angel, Dean, he—”
“There’s not—”
Dean's only response is to cough.
"I know well enough," he lies. He wishes he could send demons to find Dean, but he knows that'd be nearly impossible. Dean's better than that.
"Human? You were human?"
"You let him what?"
“Of course, it doesn’t really matter what I tell you, you’ll kill me anyway now that you know this meatsuit is already dead.”
"If you need backup, call Julius, he's available."
He hasn't looked up. "So, in time, I'll end up as a demon anyway?"
"Let's go get some whiskey," Sam says suddenly. "You, me, a booze run. Tell me you favorite story about Dean."
"Dean."
Dean shakes his head. "You misunderstand, my friend," he says, slightly theatrically. "This—" he gestures to the beautiful black beast in front of them "—is your car."
× × ×
“Well. That figures.”
"We could kill you," the woman is bold enough to sneer.
"Yes?"
"Every demon wants to feel powerful, but I am powerful. There's a reason you chose me as your second all those years ago. I haven't changed."
“Sounds like kind of a fire hazard. You want me to take a look at it?”
"Don't hit your head again," Crowley adds as an afterthought.
Cas steps over to him and puts a hand a few inches from the wound. He feels the warmth under his hand as he starts to heal it. "It does. I've seen it."
"I don't get it," Sam says.
"Is it difficult?"
"You don't say." Dean looks down and shakes his head. "Look, I don't have the patience or energy for any bullcrap, so just pretend everything that happened before doesn't matter."
"I always thought I'd be around forever. I mean, I age, unlike other demons, but once I die, I'll just come right back as a cloud of smoke. What little soul I have left is bound for hell, right? Unless I die as a human. Then I'm sure I'll still go to hell, but at least I won't have an immediate 'demon' ticket."
"Thank you, Angel. Thanks for everything."
Dean frowns. "Why?"
"What?" Dean laughs. "You actually…" Cas hears him step closer and feels his fingers tracing the outline of the golden angel wings on his back. "This is beautiful, Cas. And it…it matches mines, in a way. You're completely insane, you know that?"
Terms:
Dean unlocks the car and sits down in the driver's seat, unable to avoid a smug expression. He puts the key in the ignition and starts the car, which settles to a steady purr.
He’s been with the department for two months when the call comes out in mid-afternoon for a forty-eight-year-old female who fell off a ladder. Dispatch says she’s unresponsive. By the time Dean and Jack get on scene, she’s not breathing, and her daughter is kneeling above her, frantic and in tears.
The angel shakes his head, holding his bloodied arm to his chest. "I was trying to save people." He coughs, then glowers and looks between Dean and Castiel. "Why do you know his name?"
He snaps the laptop shut and sets it aside. He changes clothes, gets ready for bed, and even turns the light off before he pauses. After a moment’s hesitation, he kneels beside the bed and clasps his hands together like he used to when he was a kid.
He's here to kill the king of hell, and his sidekick as a bonus. They've done some things that the angels will not forgive—disrupted the natural order enough to warrant attention from heaven. But this is not the scene he imagined. The two men in the bar appear to be having a normal conversation, complete with annoyed glances, laughs, and even a nudge on the arm from one to the other.
Lightning flashes overhead and thunder splits the air. The demon signs have gotten more drastic as the seals break, and the death toll, accidental or otherwise, is climbing.
“Let’s go.”
Jack says nothing. Dean eventually looks down at his tablet and finishes entering information into his report. Then he looks back up.
Above the crypt where Lilith waits is the church. Dark brickwork framed in white, a structural skeleton in the growing darkness. Wide, cracked steps lead to the double doors, and the ground-floor windows are boarded up. Above the doors is a stained-glass window, and above that is a cross, silhouetted black against the twilight sky.
“Fine, but you’re not gettin’ off that easy. You owe me an explanation.”
Cas smiles. "Well, you brought the condoms."
“And?”
Sam swallows and puts the glasses back on. The hound has curled up on the floor now and, despite the wavering and smokiness, looks strikingly like a normal dog. "So there's a hell."
"I'm fine—"
“That must have been…” Horrible? Devastating? Terrifying? He’s not even sure what adjective to use.
“Yeah, and Heaven’s fucking Power Ranger lying to me, telling me he would help!”
He clears his throat. “Uh, nah. You know how I am after a shift, I’m beat. I’m gonna watch Scooby-Doo until I pass out on the couch or something.”
“Doesn’t feel all that short. I guess it would to you, though, wouldn’t it?”
He glances over his shoulder, where he can see Dean out the front window. He's scowling—normal—and seems to be talking to someone—less normal—but Crowley can't see who it is.
Dean shrugs. “We always knew this could happen, Sammy. It’s part of the job.”
And then everything goes black.
“I can tell you she’s very close to completing it. Two seals left, I believe.” He sits in an armchair, firelight reflecting off his glass. “The final seal has to be broken in the crypt at St. Mary’s Convent in Ilchester, Maryland, during a full moon. That opens the only gate to Hell that Lucifer can pass through.”
Jack isn’t sure if he hears any flames other than what’s in front of him, so he shakes his head.
"I asked you a question," he says slowly.
"Dean, stop it. Let it go."
"But you're not even going to try to fight it anymore! If that's not giving—"
She cringes and looks back. "It hit the lamppost back there. It's pretty smashed." She looks back to him. "You should be more worried about yourself. You're lucky you weren't thrown into traffic."
It might as well be over already. He might as well give up now, but of course he won't.
Dean, who has killed more people than he's ever spoken to.
Dean nods and puts a hand briefly on his shoulder. Then he leans a little toward him and lowers his voice, "And hey, take care of my angel, would you? I want you two to stay in touch, just enough that you can make sure he's okay."
Crowley cracks a smile and puts a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Almost always. Let's get a drink, shall we? Put that awful thing out."
"I didn't pull you out of that wreck because I wanted to give you the Mark. I wasn't there for you. Someone died before a hellhound could finalize their deal. I just went to see, and when I found you there, I realized you were alone. And dying. When I died—the first time, before I was ever a demon—no one was there. No one cared. I pulled you out at first because I didn't want that to be you."
Next is the saline spray, then the suturing. He does his best to sterilize a needle with his lighter, then unpackages the suture thread. He keeps his jaw clenched as he works and only pauses to take drinks of liquor. When he ties the last knot and snips the thread, he takes a moment to examine his work.
"It's comfortable here," Dean says. He can hear screaming in the distance. "By which I mean it's extremely hot, smells like blood and sulfur, and is full of demons who are terrified of me but sneer behind my back." He smiles. "It's typical."
He looks after her for a few seconds, then shrugs. Nothing she said really means anything to him.
"No," Dean says suddenly, pulling away.
“Really? Seems like most locals don’t come to this place.”
Should he go to Dean's room? Should he leave him alone? Should he be angry at him?
"Is that…going to be difficult?"
Dean winces involuntarily as she slaughters the Latin pronunciation. As he gets closer, he can see that there is another road running through the north/south one, though it's smaller and less noticeable than the one he'd been at. The woman standing there is more of a girl, actually, probably between eighteen and twenty. College kid, like he expected.
“It changed everything. My dad, most of all. I barely knew my mom, you know, I have just a few fragmented memories of her, but you’re right. It does stick with you, forever.”
"That was ridiculous," Dean complains. "What's so bad about paying for it in cash? I had enough. Screw their monthly payments."
Sam sits on the floor against the wall, a bruise on his forehead and blood dried under one nostril, relief washing over his expression as he sees Dean.
But he and Dean have started something. Cas isn’t about to be the one to stop it.
Dean smirks. “I have no idea.” He grabs a triangle bandage from the first aid kit and ties it into a sling around Sam’s neck. “Better?”
“Oh, so now it’s my fault?”
“Yeah, well. That’s the life, ain’t it? By the way, what do you think they were talking about, a new leader? I didn’t think the demons had a leader after my brother and I killed that yellow-eyed son of a bitch.”
“Lilith is the final seal. She dies, right there, after sixty-five seals have been broken, and Lucifer is free. Catch is, your brother has to be the one to do it.”
Cas frowns and sets down the scanner. “Did he give a name?”
"Because he knew. He knew about Sam. I know he did. And he never bothered to tell me."
Cas steps away with a frown. "What just happened? I was able to fix it for now, but I couldn't identify what was causing it."
"Good." Cas shifts his weight. "I should have helped you heal it, I just—I got distracted and—"
"He didn't care," Crowley says. He tips his head to side. "No, he cared at first. It took him a while to fully become a demon. But I told him you were dead, and he believed me." He looks distantly at the wall behind Sam. "He always believed me."
Dean hurls his phone across the car. It cracks against the passenger window and falls to the seat.
“It wasn’t meant to be—I was just gonna take care of a couple things, I didn’t intend to come back to hunting full-time or anything. I didn’t want you to worry about what I was doing.”
“See? Longer than you’ve been alive.”
“I would think so.”
"You don't have to summon me," Cas says, stepping away from him. "You can just pray and I'll be there."
Cas is trying to meet his eyes, but Dean stubbornly looks back up at the stars. “It’s not what you’re thinking.” When Dean doesn’t respond, Cas looks down at his hands, turning them over as if examining his human form. “You humans burn so brightly, and for such a very short time.”
"Cut the crap," Sam says. "We need to talk. You kept it from me that Dean was still alive, even when you were talking about him to me—twice. I said before you didn't owe me anything, but I'm pretty damn sure you owe me this."
"Dean—"
The two demons exchange a glance which Cas can't quite read.
“Bobby, I need your help. I’m in a bit of a, uh, situation.” He flinches as the door rattles in its frame.
“Hi, Jody. I was here a while ago, I just… didn’t know if I should come in. I didn’t want to wake anyone up.”
The glasses slide in front of his eyes and Sam jumps again. This time, he gives a strangled yell and presses himself back against the bed frame, pulling his knees toward his chest to get as far away from what he sees as possible.
He rushes over and kneels beside the angel.
He nods. "I mean, I don't really know. I was four. But goddamn if it doesn't look exactly right." He makes a circle around the car, peering in the windows, then looks up resolutely once he reaches Cas again. "I'm buying it."
“What were you thinking, man? You’ve always been with me or Dad when you hunt, you’ve pretty much never done it alone. Now you’re throwing yourself at demons two states away from your school?”
"I'm…I'm getting less hopeful."
"Oh, right," Crowley muses, also seeing him. "Misbehaving demons make good dart boards. But I let him smoke out earlier."
“Well, I’m good. How are you?”
"No," he says shortly. "I can manage it."
Dean quiets immediately, his expression blank. “What?”
Cas blinks. "I—I thought you said you can't feel anything like...like that."
"He'll be fine," Sam answers. "I'm not sure what he got into, but his shoulder was ripped up pretty badly. The…vet says it'll be a few weeks before he feels normal."
"I didn't make him do it, ever." Crowley's patience seems to be wearing thin, though his tone remains falsely slow and steady. "I asked him to, and he did. Always. He's fearless. Brutal. The perfect weapon. Even the hellhounds fear him."
Garth and Jack help Dean stand and sit on the gurney. He’s doing what they ask him to, but he seems dazed. He hasn’t spoken since they got him out, and every movement seems to hurt him.
"Don't write me off, Cas," he says, turning back around. "Just because I'm not killing anyone doesn't mean I'm doing good. This—refraining from murder, even as it's killing me—this doesn't even begin to right my wrongs. Nothing can undo what I've done. I can only hope to not add anything else onto that."
“Consider me converted,” Dean says as they return to the front of the shop. “I might have to actually care about where my coffee comes from.”
This is the end, Dean figures. Lying on the carpet, surrounded by demons, and bleeding out. He knew it was going to happen sooner or later, but he didn’t quite see himself going out like this.
"Yeah, well." He moves to stand up and she grabs his arm.
Balthazar looks him in the eyes now. "I told them the truth, Castiel. You've been consorting with a demon."
"We can't do this." Dean turns away in frustration.
"Why is this hap—"
The blue car is totaled. Its hood is bent in a horrible arc and the two front seats are littered with smoking debris. The cars crashed in the middle of a crossroads far out of town, far from any human that could call in the police. Both vehicles are smoking, warped messes, gradually collecting snow as it falls like ash from the sky.
Twilight’s hint of color at the horizon has darkened, and stars are spattered across the sky. Dean sits on the hood and stares up at them for a moment, folding his arms against the ever-colder night air. There’s space for his thoughts under skies like this, sometimes too much space. But in the same, this car under a wide-open sky—it’s the only solace he’s ever known.
“Alright,” Dean says calmly. “Has anything like this happened before?”
Kermit, Texas.
It should be an easy in and out. A well-researched case, just to help another hunter out. It isn’t as though he’s really getting back into hunting.
"You were always my best," he muses, not meeting Dean's eyes.
"Aw, poor thing. Well, I hope he has a fast recovery. I'll see you later."
The man shakes his head and, curious, goes to the other car. He looks through the warped gap that used to be the driver's side window and can see the man sitting behind the tattered airbags, pieces of the car's engine burning through his lap. His eyes are still half open, staring blankly at the floor of the car, seeing nothing. He's only been truly dead for a matter of seconds.
Dean looks over with some surprise at the man in his passenger seat. “Me? Jordan, you called me out here to save
"Okay, it's been a long time," Dean says, running his hand along the side of the vehicle. "But I swear to god this is the same car my father had."
"Bring him in," Crowley says, bored. Intruders aren't common, exactly—not very many demons can sneak into Crowley's lair in hell—but they aren't a particularly large concern, either.
“Wait, wait," Dean say, looking his brother up and down. "Do you even have a gun?”
He's known Dean Winchester had a brother from the day he found him. For years, it never mattered. But now, he's sensed a change in his companion and he wants to find out what's at the heart of it. Dean has no way to know Sam is his younger brother, but Crowley has no idea how much Sam knows.
The angel crosses the room and Dean finally looks up at him. He seems like he's about to say something, but he has to turn and heave again before he can get it out.
Leaving his helmet on his bike, the man strolls up to the bar and leans against the side of the building near the door, pulling a lighter and a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He pulls one out of the box and flicks the lighter on. For a moment, it illuminates his face: trimmed but slightly messy facial hair, high cheekbones, irises that appear black, dark eyelashes, and a handful of freckles across his nose.
Cas responds by pulling him into a long embrace.
"Dean…" Cas starts, stepping toward him. If he could just put a hand on Dean's shoulder, they'd be able to get out of here.
“I don’t know,” Jordan says, shaking his head. “I try not to listen to what demons say to me. But after that Devil’s Gate opened… who knows, maybe a new big baddie climbed out.”
Fortunately, Dean doesn't sleep either, so maybe he'll go to him and he can find something for the two of them to do for the next several hours.
“I figured I might be able to convert you.”
Something feels off. Aside from his internal barrage of resentment and conflict, something feels different.
"Are you sure about this, Dean?"
Dean steps back and looks at the car again.
Dean shoves Cas off, but in a second the angel is front of him, and this time he holds an angel blade in front of him. "If you move, I will incapacitate you." He flicks the knife toward Dean's cheek. "You haven't fully healed from the last time you met with this blade."
“The—what?”
Dean sits up straighter in the bed. “Probie. How ya doing?”
Cas says something too quietly for Dean to hear, and Dean keeps talking over him.
Cas approaches the two of them and nods to Sam, silently asking Dean, Should I talk to him?
He hurries out of the room.
“My car’s outside, it’s unlocked. Meet me out there, I gotta take care of these people.”
Dean looks at the gun, turns it over. “You’re right.” He tosses it aside. “All I ever wanted was to keep you safe. To keep what’s left of this family together.”
The air is cooling down, but it isn't cold; Cas actually finds it surprisingly pleasant. Cas can see a few stars beginning to show in the deep blue sky as the two head back down toward the town. Before they reach buildings again, Cas tells Dean to pull off onto a dirt road he catches sight of.
Dean looks at him carefully. Cas can tell he's not going to like this part. "Well, I'm healing some now, but I'm not immune to, say, your angel blade. I can end all of this before it goes bad."
Dean blinks. Cas. He has Cas pinned to the bed and he's leaning over him with the blade of his knife at his throat. Cas is apprehensively glancing from the hand Dean uses to hold the knife and the sharp pendent swinging just an inch or two from his face.
Cas tilts his head to one side. “You know, if this were the military, you would get a purple heart for what happened today. Maybe you made a mistake, maybe your superior did, or maybe you had no way to guess what was going to happen. You still sacrificed your health to protect the property and livelihood of others. Just something to consider.”
"You son of a bitch, that was my kill." He turns to Cas and Cas can't help but take a step back. Dean wouldn't hurt him, would he? "So much for the meatsuit, huh?"
"They're more of representations than actual pictures…" Seeing the expression on Dean's face, he says, "So maybe spotting constellations isn't going to be your future hobby, but you have to admit the sky is beautiful."
Garth sits up and twists around to look at the rest of the room. “Hey, where’s the probie? Did you leave him at the hospital?”
"You're not really a demon," he says, pressing his head back against the wall since the man in leather is only a few inches away.
The door to the bar opens and Dean casts a casual glance over. Dark, curly hair, minimal makeup, medium stature. It's her.
“Easy,” he says, dropping the chain and raising his hands. “I wasn’t… I haven’t been watching you.”
The first death comes at a retirement home forty-five minutes from Palo Alto, and Sam skips a lecture to drive down with her to finish the hunt.
Dean looks down at the bed. “I’m… still… remembering what happened.”
available. I've kept myself busy over the past sixteen years, but I would be willing to—you know—resume my old position."
It took three hours for this to work.
"Everything…before?"
Sam shakes his head. “You’re wrong.”
“I’m not gonna hurt you, sweetie. I saw your brother outside. I want to take you to him, okay?”
"You don't…know."
“Alright,” he says, taking a step backward. “I’ll be on my way, then.”
Dean's kneeling in front of the toilet, having just finished heaving into it. He flushes it and turns back to look at Cas. "Yeah."
Jack thinks “comfortable” is a stretch, but he wants to do it anyway.
“Sorry, Aaron. I’m always too late these days, aren’t I?”
He frowns, but his vision is swimming and he can't find Crowley's face again. "Why?"
"I admit I wasn't certain I was incapable of feeling powerful emotions, but to be fair, I had never felt them before. Not…not like this." Cas finally moves his hand from Dean's heart, wrapping it around his back and pressing the two of them together.
All in all, Sam feels there's a lot being kept from him. He just isn't sure if he actually wants to know the rest or not.
“Now, I gave you your gear and the tour and everything last week, right?”
“It’s kind of… I dunno, relaxing. Which we could probably use right about now.” He pushes himself back on the hood to lay against the windshield and takes a sip of beer. “This car, this view… There was nothin’ about the way I grew up that was stable, but there was always this.”
He drops to his knees in the mud and clasps his hands in front of his chest and closes his eyes.
Dean raises his gun. “How about you go back to Hell? I like that plan better.”
Dean raises his eyebrows. He looks tired, but on this particular day he has yet to show any signs of unfounded anger. "What am I doing?"
"I just—I just got attacked by something
“It ain’t healthy, but that’s how it is.”
"I do that."
Dean shakes his head and puts a hand on the side of Cas's neck, giving him a kiss. "It was brilliant, you crazy angel." He clears his throat and briefly wipes his right eye. "Come on," he says softly, taking Cas's hands and backing up to pull him into the crystalline water.
"Well—it is. But you never really talked to him, did you?"
Cas rises, his eyebrows knitted in…fear, maybe? Sadness? Guilt? He steps toward him. "Dean, it's alright, just calm down. We'll figure it out—that's what we've been doing all this time."
“No. Obviously it’s mine, I chose to stop practicing. I was… scared, I guess, but I’m not running from it anymore. I just hope it’s not too late for me to figure it out before Lilith breaks the final seal.”
Sam shakes his head again. "Nothing about this is simple." He puts his head in his hands again and speaks without opening his eyes. "So you're a demon from hell. In fact, you're the King of Hell and you wanted to kill me because you thought I convinced your…demon friend?…to stop talking to you. Then you found out—somehow—that it was actually an angel who did it, so you decided to come stop your…your hellhounds from tearing me to pieces."
"Something…something doesn't feel right."
Cas's legs tighten around either side of the bike. He can tell Dean has had some experience riding this thing and he trusts him not to crash, but the tight turns still make him mildly nervous.
Dean falls quiet. He decides he’s done with the nasal cannula and yanks the tubing off his face and out from behind his ears.
They make their way outside to where Sam parked Bobby’s car behind the school. Sam leans against the car while Dean faces him.
“Because I trust you,” Sam states. “And because no one else will do it.”
“I still hear flames from somewhere else,” Dean says, turning off his hose but still needing to shout to be heard. “Can you tell where it’s coming from?”
"You're frustrated that this still affects you. I can tell. That's fine, you know. You're still stuck in this mindset that you have to swallow all your emotions, but you don't have to anymore."
“I—yeah. The Night Inn, it’s on the main road, just in town.”
someone, Dean.
Cas shakes his head, looking confused. "I didn't do anything to you."
"Really?" Dean asks, sliding his feet off the table and leaning slightly toward Cas. He can't explain why he cares all of a sudden—maybe he's always cared, but only now is he human enough to notice it. "Shoot."
Except he’s rarely alone at night.
Dean shakes his head. "I don't think I can salvage that. I could get a new one, but…damn. I've been riding that thing for ten years now."
"No—no," Cas repeats firmly when his voice breaks the first time. "Why didn't you tell me?"
She signs as she says it, and he signs back. Correctly this time.
This seems to anger the angel slightly. "Because I just gave up most of my life to help you, Dean. I don't know if that means anything to you, but you should know that I've never given up that much for someone, especially not a demon I barely know."
× × ×
Dean turns the motorcycle back onto the road and they follow the highway away from town for another half hour or so—until it's growing dark and there are no other vehicles in sight. Cas has grown comfortable sitting behind Dean with his hands clasped in front of the demon's stomach. If he thinks about it, he can feel his every inhale and exhale.
Dean snorts. "You would have nine grand in suits. All of which look the same, I might add."
Dean leans away slightly, but there's a hint of a smile on his lips. "Did you just kiss me to prove a point?"
“I’m in.”
“Isn’t it kind of the same thing?”
“Well yeah, but Dean, you make—”
“Of course.” Cas stays seated on the foot of the bed.
Then he sees a road sign that reads St George 5 mi, Cedar City 57 mi.
Dean waves him off and lifts the mug to his lips. He lets the coffee sit in his mouth for a second before swallowing. “Oh, damn. Okay, that’s good.”
"Did I? Did I really?" He tries to step toward Cas but stumbles slightly. "I think you kinda pulled me into this mess. You just wanted one less demon problem to deal with, and now I'm going to die for it."
Yet Cas is the one who eventually draws back. He lets out a breath and releases Dean's shirt, setting his hand flat against Dean's chest.
The girl hangs up, shaking her head. "Your boyfriend seemed confused; are you sure you want him instead of a hospital? I feel like I'm breaking some kind of law not getting you help."
Jack blinks. “I don’t… I don’t know what all is supposed to be in there yet.”
"What?" Cas asks, turning toward him with a frown.
As he nears the S’s, he reverses and scrolls back up to find Bobby. The phone rings twice before he answers.
"Alright," Cas says, turning back to the other angel. "Balthazar, go back to heaven, get the same treatment I got."
"Sir. My king," a demon says as he enters the throne room.
"I can tell you…what I know about them," Cas offers. "I learned a bit when I looked you up after you poisoned me."
ass, not the other way around.”
Dean’s gut seizes. “Killing Lilith is gonna turn my brother into a demon?”
Dean shuts the music off. “What happened? What do you need?”
"I don't get it," Dean says, kicking something so the motorcycle stands up on its own and swinging his leg around so he sits sideways on it, facing the same direction as Cas. "There are a zillion stars, how do you make out a shape?"
"How do you know Dean's gone?" he asks.
“I was thinking more along the lines of a red eye.”
Dean turns, and for a moment Cas swears his irises are black again. Then his expression betrays his anguish and it doesn't matter anymore.
Garth wanders over to the fire engine and starts checking equipment in the compartments. Jack takes a deep breath and faces his new trainer. Dean spits his gum into the slotted drain in the floor and pulls out a tin of nicotine pouches as Jack walks up to him. He slides one into his cheek, then offers the canister. Jack almost takes one out of sheer social pressure, until he thinks of his dad.
His phone buzzes in his pocket.
“I’m not, I’m not.” He draws his uninjured knee up toward his chest, resting his forearm on it and examining the label on the bourbon. “I’m not tryin’ to make you feel guilty about leaving or anything, I just… wonder how you do it.”
They wrap the body in a tarp and lug it back toward the Impala, Sam carrying it under the shoulders and Dean carrying its legs.
Cas’s smile broadens, and then he seems to chase it down. “I’m sure Jack is back from radiology now.”
“Yes. But he apologized for it. I don’t know what it is, he just makes me nervous. Everyone else on the shift seems to understand how to get along with him, but… I don’t know. I guess it’s just me.”
Dean rolls his eyes. "This is exhausting to talk about, Cas. Leave me alone."
Dean puts a hand on Jack’s shoulder and steers him away a few steps. “You want to go sit in the ambulance? I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
Dean looks down at his leg. His pant leg, as well as his skin, is torn open from the knee nearly to his ankle. The denim is soaked in blood and covered in grime from the sidewalk. As best he can tell, it's not healing at all.
He turns to the last flickering flames of the pyre. "Were any of you watching? At the end? I said something, and I don't know…I don't know if he ever heard me."
He nods. “I’ll do better next time.”
Sam has read the same paragraph of his Jewish history textbook three or four times and not a word of it has stuck in his mind. He downs the last of the cold coffee in his paper cup and starts it again.
“I’m workin’ on it. Believe me, the first time you get a call with a cute kiddo who’s all excited about the ambulance, I’ll be sad I’m here.”
Cas reaches for a mug, then pauses, glancing sidelong at Dean. “A straight espresso drink is better for judging the quality of the coffee.”
"Albuquerque, New Mexico," he growls. "There's a portal to hell there. I need to find Crowley."
“You don't understand. I want to do this
Crowley sighs and pulls a kitchen chair out behind Sam, who instantly collapses into it. He can't tell if he's feeling more effects from the wound, or from the experience.
"I know he's a monster! The king of hell may be in charge of it all, but that demon has a death count like no other. He's been destroying things for twenty-six years, Cas—practically nothing—and he's murdered thousands. Thousands of people for nothing."
“Right, but I’ll be able to go back to work.”
He glances over to see the puzzled glower on Dean's face. "But it looks nothing like an eagle."
"So, where are we going, Cas?"
Then, finally, Dean is standing at the bar watching Jo’s knife hit the same three square inches of wood over and over again when Sam steps into the Roadhouse. He stops just inside the door and looks at Dean. Jo pauses.
"Me? Fine."
"No. No." His anger rises and falls again. "I don't…know what to do. But I can't stay around you. It was bad enough that I dragged you back into this after—you know—but then…. I never wanted to hurt you. We should part ways. This is only going to get worse."
"They're in heaven now," Cas adds quietly, "if that changes anything."
New city. New motel. It's been over a week since Dean and Cas kissed for the first time and Dean's still uncertain where they stand on that. They've kissed only once since, and it was rather impulsive and in the parking lot. There's something in Dean that longs to be close to him again, to feel Cas's body against his, to see those striking dark blue eyes only inches from his.
It's a hard adjustment for Cas to stay grounded and in a hotel room. He's used to being busy, in heaven, and it isn't long before he's restless.
"Dean," the king of hell says as he strides up to them. He sounds annoyed, not surprised. "Didn't you already kill someone today?"
Dean has to remind himself that Cas doesn't have a reason to understand what this means to him. He shakes his head. "Well, I don't think so, but given that I've never done it before—I don't know. Okay." He takes a breath and shifts the car to drive. It's not the actual act of driving he's concerned about—he's pretty sure he can figure that part out.
Cas cocks an eyebrow and looks over at him. “Right now, I’m at a bar, talking to possibly the most attractive man in this town.”
"The what?"
Sam stares at him.
“I can’t let you kill Lilith, Sammy.”
"But it's not going to come to that, is it?" Cas asks, just realizing this. He narrows his eyes and tips his head to the left. "Because you don't really want to kill her."
Cas shakes his head.
Dean just looks at him.
"I'm going to miss you."
There are a few people inside, but no one is in line, so Jack walks up to the counter, where Max has her back turned, pulling a shot of espresso. He waits until she turns around and sees him.
“You’re nothing like Dad, Dean.”
Crowley pulls the door shut. "And if you listen, you'll hear the sounds of only a very small portion of the souls—and even demons—being tortured down here."
Sam runs a hand through his hair. "So what now? When will you….?"
“It could turn you into a demon. Did he mention that?”
Cas takes a few steps backward down the concrete stairs. "Who are you?" He reaches his hand into his trench coat, prepared to pull out his blade if necessary.
"It doesn't really matter. I just—it'll give me something to do."
"Hello, Dean," Cas says with a small frown.
“Yeah, me too,” Dean says distantly. “I’ll take the floor.”
"He tried to kill me," the man explains, his glare returning. "He says he's an angel."
Dean has never been on a date—not a real one, not one where someone doesn't end up dead, or where its finale isn't a one-night stand—but this feels a lot like one. And it's a beautiful thing. Sitting on the hood of his very own '67 Impala, talking to Cas, watching him watch the starry sky with a unique mix of centuries-old wisdom and childish wonder that only Cas could do. It becomes almost easy to forget that Dean is dying, and that all of this is temporary, and that sometimes he still gets that beast in his chest that asks, begs him to kill Cas. It becomes almost easy to understand this "happiness" emotion. Dean has never had a home; not as a child and certainly not as a demon—home is a concept demons simply don't get. But this, somehow, feels like the closest to home he'll ever get.
"Dean?"
The other end goes silent.
"Alastair," Dean sneers.
The men both look at her.
“You’re acting awfully stiff, buddy,” Bart says. “You’re not still mad about the time I accidentally called you a fag, are you? I mean, I don’t judge—”
Dean smiles slightly and raises his hands. "Okay, okay. You're right. I need to…." His smile fades. "I need to talk to my brother anyway."
Dean turns and takes Cas's hand in his. He uses his other hand to run his fingers down the front of Cas's chest, looking at this instead of Cas's face. "Let's be done talking about this. We need something else for a little while. You shouldn't have to clean up my whole mess anyway. I've been…ridiculously self-centered lately—I mean, always—and I'm…I'm sorry for that. You're so damn patient and I have no idea how I'm going to make this up to you."
Dean stops and looks back over his shoulder. "I know. That's why you did this to me in the first place. Not because you cared. Because you wanted to shape me into something you could control. Well, good job. But it's over." He waits long enough to read Crowley's expression and he can see in the king's face that everything he'd just said was true. Then he leaves without looking back.
Sam glances around the room, shaking his head. He runs his hands through his hair to push it back from his face, then lifts the glasses and rubs his eyes. "Why save me, then?"
"I'm not saying there is anything, I just…." He doesn't know what to say. He has questions more than anything, but they're things he knows Dean can't answer. How long will it be until it happens? Will it be slow? Painful? They're questions he can't answer, because through all his research on the Mark of Cain, it's become clear that there's no record of anyone being able to fight it, much less for as long as Dean has.
“I already paid,” Eileen says, interrupting them. “When I said I was going to the bathroom, I had them charge it to my card.”
“Do you?” Dean feels tears well in his eyes and mix with the blood on his lashes. “Because it seems like all you ever did was try to get out.”
But that’s not his problem anymore. If Dean doesn’t want to talk to him now that he’s not hunting, so be it. That’s the sacrifice he made to get out.
“Come back to me, Cas. I’m still here.”
“You want me to do it?”
“Oh, yes, the oven is having problems. I’m surprised you noticed it with all the windows open and the pastry and coffee smells. I suppose if it gets too bad, I’ll have to ask everyone to leave until we get it fixed.”
“You okay?” Dean asks.
Dean shakes his head and growls, "I don't want to become more human. I want to stop whatever traces of it I have in me."
"What does that have to do with—"
Crowley shrugs and stands, straightening his coat. "Favorite story? Well, when he was fourteen he rode a hellhound through Times Square…."
"Doesn't matter. How are you?" He asks in the kind of tone that says he really doesn't care.
“Have you read the Book of Enoch, Sam? Angels aren’t just good, it ain’t that simple. He let Bobby and Ellen die in that hardware store.”
He goes up to the counter and orders a double scotch. The man behind the bar, who's taller than Dean and has warm brown, shoulder-length hair, is quiet as he goes to pour the drink. Usually when people don't talk to him it's because they're intimidated by him, which gives Dean no end of pleasure.
“Dean… I know it’s not an easy thing to do—to even imagine doing, but we’ve talked about this, and you’ve promised me—”
“You got a place you’re staying in town?” Dean asks, tossing the duffel bag in the backseat and starting the engine.
As they sit down in the Impala and Dean cranks on the heat, he notices Sam watching him.
Cas smiles. “Hello, Dean. How are you?”
“If you need to go to the hospital, man, just do it. I’ll figure out how to pay the bill, just—”
"I know," Dean says. "But I'm not so sure this is possible anymore, Angel. I mean, being human is so…so emotional, isn't it? How am I ever gonna get there if this happens every time I feel freakin' butterflies in my chest? Not to mention the whole puking up blood thing and the wanting to kill people—"
Dean watches his brother leave. Then he closes his eyes and forces himself to take a breath, suffocating his emotions before they can tear him apart. Jo is watching him coolly when he raises his head.
"Yes, sir. Where are you—"
Dean takes Cas's arm and starts to lead him back toward Dean's bike as Jo walks away. Once he figures she's out of earshot, Dean doubles over and lets himself cough. Blood spatters onto the sidewalk.
“I might try to hold out on that one.”
"What about the vessel? You're still killing a human if you kill the demon."
"I never found anything about a Sam."
“That’s Garth Fitzgerald, he’s an EMT, cross-trained as a firefighter.” The storyteller; a tall, lanky White guy and the one sitting halfway in the ambulance. He waves as he’s introduced.
Crowley rolls his eyes. "No, you daft heap of flannel. Dean and I were never romantic partners, we were companions. A team. I suppose you could say…friends. And now I'm going to lose him. We're going to lose him."
“They’re good,” Jack says with complete honesty. “I like working here even more than I thought I would.”
“Are you from around here, Dean?” Cas asks, gaze lingering on his colorful sleeve of tattoos before making its way back to Dean’s face.
He looks up, startled. But it’s only a moment before Dean sees him process it and move on. “I don’t think it will. And if it does…” He smiles tightly, and a tear runs down his cheek. “I guess Dad was right. You’ll have to figure out how to pull that trigger, or someone will.”
Sam shakes his head. “You’re lucky the only addiction you carried out of adolescence was to nicotine.”
Dean scowls. He's never talked about this in his life and now the angel wants details. "No, I didn't really know what'd happened. I was vaguely aware of some pain, but I wasn't paying attention when we crashed and I went unconscious immediately. I was technically still too young to ride in the front seat of a car; it's amazing I didn't die right away. But when I woke up…again, no. Honestly, I didn't know I was a demon. I didn't think I should still be alive, but for a while—a few days, actually—I felt just as human as I'd ever been."
She raises her eyebrows.
“Well, he doesn’t have to come in if you don’t want him to. But we drove together. I took a Norco for my ankle earlier, so I can’t drive. He dropped me off while he went to park the car.”
“Well, how about instead of worrying about it all day, you and I do something together? Dinner? I don’t think we’ve been out to eat since you started applying for that job in February.”
"Cas."
“…so of course, I picked up the arm and carried it over to Turner and said, ‘Need a hand?’”
This slowly sinks into Cas. He has a home again. Maybe it would take him time to trust them again after they turned on him so quickly. But they actually accepted that he was right, and that meant something.
"Okay, but you have to fix it within twenty-four hours."
Off enough, apparently, to go to a bar by himself.
Eaton Springs doesn’t have a gay bar. It has a gay-friendly bar, a gay-tolerant bar, and a handful of places he just thinks it’s best to avoid. Then there’s the pub across from Eaton Springs’ only hotel. Their drinks are overpriced and their food is mediocre, but it’s there that Cas chooses for his escapade tonight.
“The sky, Mr. Spock,” Dean says, rolling his eyes as he taps Cas on the shoulder and points. “It’s Montana, they don’t call it Big Sky Country for no reason.”
“Oh. Yes.” He stands, and Dean pats his shoulder.
Jack is still staring at the whiteboard.
He yanks off the glasses again. "What kind of stupid trick is this?"
Dean shrugs. "Just saying. It was a moment to remember."
Sam shakes his head. "No. This is ridiculous. You can't expect me to believe any of this."
The church doors fly open. Sam looks up, Dean turns. Lilith stands at the top of the stairs, her fury ill-disguised.
Cas stifles another sob and strokes Dean's cheek with his thumb. "I'm going to miss you, Dean Winchester."
"Fine, yes, we had a little…falling out. Why do you care?"
“I can’t let him destroy himself for this, Jo.”
“What? Why?”
"I don't even know what's me and what's the Mark," Dean admits, turning his head toward Cas but not fully looking at him. "I've been a demon for so long, I…I don't really know who I am as a human."
"I take it that didn't help."
“Fuck, I’m going to need a minute,” Cas says, stripping the condom off.
The man nods and steps back to the woman down the bar from him. Amelia. Crowley, king of hell and all, happens to be extremely perceptive to emotions and he can tell at a glance that the bartender is infatuated with her. He smiles too much, too awkwardly, and keeps running a hand through his hair every time he turns away.
“I don’t tell you that enough,” Dean says. “That I’m proud of you and I love you.”
Dean ducks under the window to cross to the open doorway and sets his duffel bag carefully on the floor. Back against the wall just adjacent to the entry, he raises his pistol, racking the slide in time with the clang of the door to keep them from hearing him. They’ll see him the moment he steps into the doorway, so he’ll have to act fast.
Dean opens his eyes. Still in the motel room, still in his suit. He straightens, a page of the Bible trying to stick to his cheek. He grabs the motel stationery and pen and does his best to spell “keres” and “Anthesteria” before he forgets the words. He checks his watch. It’s not yet five o’clock, and he’s guessing the local library closes at six at the earliest.
He can sense it sink into his domain. Hell.
“Why were you looking at me like that?”
Cas lets go of him.
Dean looks down at his hands, as if just realizing that they'd been clenched around the handlebars of his motorcycle. "No. Well, yes. I'm always slightly angry. But I just feel…tense." He shakes his head. "Whatever. Stop asking me things like that."
So he returns to hell.
"Dean?" he asks quietly, when a full week has passed since what happened. It's growing dark out and Dean is sitting at the tiny table in their inn room, beer in hand.
"I will not help you do that. You've been a demon for, as far as I know, nearly thirty years—far longer than you were ever human. It makes sense if you're afraid. But—"
“And I should’ve realized you were practically an angel,” Dean says.
"No," Dean says. "Why do you know Crowley? How do you know he's an angel?" He nods to Cas.
“It’s okay if you can’t figure it out,” Cas says.
“Shut up, you old fogie,” Jody says, smacking Turner’s arm with the back of her hand. “Guys, this is Jack Kline. Jack, this is Rufus Turner, he’s your lieutenant.” Rufus Turner is a middle-aged Black man with a look in his eyes that says he’s seen some shit and he isn’t about to talk about it. He’s the one leaning against the chase rig, arms folded.
“Thanks,” he says. “Though, I don’t think you’re an unbiased source for that.”
"So?"
"I saw the way you two interacted. This wasn't the first time you've met—I'd even say you like him."
“Visions?” Dean turns to his brother. “You’ve been having visions about Lilith? Since when?”
"The Mark of Cain? Crowley gave you the Mark of Cain?" Cas asks with a frown.
Cas keeps his expression unchanged, not reacting to the smoke since he knows it's what the demon wants.
It’s what his father said the first time he had Dean repair his own wounds, shoving the antiseptic, dental floss, and sewing needle his way before going to tend to Sam. Dean was thirteen or fourteen, and he had fucked up a hunt and led the monster back to their inn. Sammy hadn’t really been hurt, but he’d been shaken, and Dean felt terrible. Yes, he’d had tears in his eyes when his dad pulled out the first-aid kit, but it hadn’t been about the pain, or the expectation of it.
“Jack says you guys drink Seattle’s Best at the station.”
"What are you—what are you all doing here?"
"You've never even really helped me. You don't know what you're doing, you just do whatever makes this easy on you while I'm over here dying."
“Wait, wait. Did you meet anyone interesting last Tuesday?”
Riot steps slowly up next to Sam, but he's still doing some combination of a growl and a whimper. His ears are flattened now and he stands close to the ground.
But it leaves Crowley in a sticky situation.
“It’s okay. We don’t need to call it a date.”
"We kept tabs on you, mate," Balthazar says, without his usual boisterousness. "We know what you did."
His sleep has been interrupted frequently by dreams of what happened to him, or of how the situation could have been exponentially worse—there were residents trapped inside the house, Jack was killed in the roof collapse, Dean’s mother was in the house and he couldn’t save her. But he has nothing to do but lay in bed and stare at the TV, so he drifts to sleep often.
“Alright,” Dean says impatiently, snatching the knife as soon as it’s offered again.
"I suppose you're right." Crowley sighs and it takes him a moment to start talking. "I've had this…this friend for the past twenty-something years. I'm not really a person who has friends, but this was the one exception, I suppose. We didn't always get along, but when it mattered the most, we always had each other's full trust. Probably a typical friendship, in a lot of ways, but I wouldn't really know." He looks up at Sam. "Do you want to hear any of this? It's a terribly dull story."
Dean snapped up a hand, holding up one finger demanding a moment of attention even while delaying freeing his lips from Castiel's for a few more seconds.
Sam and Eileen shared a look, then glanced back to Dean. “Alright,” Sam took the first step. “I think we’ll go back. With Jack.”
“I know Eve is the Mother of Monsters, but do you think it’s the Leviathan?”
“I think there was an amusement park you were considering before this stole your whole soul.”
“Oooohkiedokie. Um. What does it like?”
Castiel nodded through it. “Have we considered taking down the wall?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, stood, and grabbed Dean’s hand.
"He was up in here yellin' 'look out for the spike!' and 'call an ambulance'. Ever see heaven try to get out of heaven? That's some funny shit.”
Ultimately, they settled Levi in a new addition to the upstairs, as seemed easy to imagine. If not the side access to the archives, then their own little reinforced room of forest themed bedding, wall planted plastic cover lamp domes, and iron-everything.
A small army of toddlers with large, squeaky hammers seemed to be encircling the Roadhouse.
Dean’s nerves could be heard.
“Busy. But he’ll come if you call. I just imagined we could protect this place as Regents to lift the burden of obligation from him.”
Dean nodded through while thumbing over the angel’s hand, pacing his words with each head-bounce, “Then the kid could go and find his own way.” He finished. “You’re right, doesn’t seem fair for him to help find everyone else’s when he doesn’t know much of his yet.”
Dean chuffed. “Figures.”
It kept things running. But after a while we started strapping them down and uh, curing them.”
“See you later.”
Without hesitation, “I love you too man.”
“Are we going here again? Because like, I’m sure there’s at least three other me’s you’re running through the cosmic philosophy bint and there’s a perfectly good bed right there.”
Two young boys stood at the end of the field.
Pamela whisked by, dropping a newspaper on the nearest table to Dean. He picked it up, reading.
“I love you.”
“Sam. Even if I wanted to, I can’t leave heaven.” Castiel simplified.
“What if they’re trying to find the light, Dean? They don’t know how. But I’ve been there--a mind without a soul. From a different direction, of course. But it calls to us.”
“I saw you. And Sam,” The angel said as he laid, arms crossed over the hunter’s chest in the afterglow of revelries. “And I didn’t know it then, but… I saw myself. I saw paradise.”
Dean found his gaze snapped back to a blinding light as they drove through the putrid abyss, hearing his own screaming as an eldritch body of light filled his view.
...Dean had flinched at that one. Eileen judgingly signed a “Bad” to Sam, who smirked.
“Well,” Castiel dared to interject cautiously. “Dean’s decided to help me stay and run things,” Castiel reminded. “And Sam and Eileen have agreed to go back to earth with you.” There was a nearly motherly gentleness that tended to take the ex-angel when he spoke to the nephilim.
Dean cleared his throat on the other end of the line.
“What?” Sam countered.
There was no true concept of time, or passing, or anywhere to be or anything to do. Just laughter, and old tales, and the weaving of new ones. Food fights; a brief winter and snow forts gone as quickly as it never-was--though Dean distinctly remembered the angel pounding a tree and tumbling a mountain of snow down onto him. But truly, spring felt timeless.
“Best beer and wings in the world.”
“So, you, if you didn’t pretend to be a badass?”
“You’re not taking the cheese off my heaven burgers even if I get the shits.”
Sam decided not to query, doing what he did best--using context clues to observe.
Both spontaneously scrambled back outside to re secure the latch.
Long rides of two brothers in Baby, wrestlers and chitters and finding partners in the life. Meeting Eileen, who blindsided Sam with magic and cut his hand as a test as their first meeting.
“Wait, what? You mean we have to get them to like, puke it up?”
Jo stopped near the door. “We have an upstairs?”
“You think? I like it. Kind of quaint. In that rustic survival hell kind of way. It suits us.”
They sat on either side of the cellar door, recovering.
“HEYYYY!” A familiar voice cut in from across the crowd, causing the trio to whip to look towards Ash cleaning glasses at the bar. “Dean Winchester. The godslayer. Heard you died getting nailed from behind.”
If there had been any rigging in a heavenly carnival game, the owner certainly had waived it in the interest of trying to get rid of the regents and their pet-kid-leviathan-thing. This, of course, had backfired, because as they bounced back to the Roadhouse, the entire backseat was filled with oversized stuffies, pinwheels, sticky slappy hands, ridiculous hats, and an array of carnival food that was more sprayed around the Impala than anywhere else from the Leviathan managing to shove it through its muzzle.
...Fair.
She eyed over their state of dress. “Uh huh. Okay. At least get yourself some coffee before starting chaos today.”
“You could say the whole of my attention was elsewhere.” Castiel tersely replied.
Each brother took their turn with a hugging reunion of the boy-god. He hadn’t appeared to age a day.
“Nahhh man you can’t just buy love like this. You have to
Kelly’s voice was distant; not here or there or anywhere; in the void of memory.
And when things go bad, it just -- it comes out.
It's not goodbye, it's "I'll see you later."
“Yeah well, pry it out of my cold dead fingers!” as an extra round, this one sounding off their nearby company with a round of laughter.
“So… you just… make a little dip?” Dean questioned, wondering if it was that simple.
“Wh-” Dean choked.
As they stepped in, Dean came back to reality and muttered a question, “Bobby can see you?”
Dean frowned, rolling to sit up, “That’s not what I meant man and you know it. Look, the idea was as good as any. And we’ll figure it out. Like we always do.”
for it. You have to
And I can't -- I can't stop it.
“I believe you would say: Because we are a couple of dumbasses.”
“Don’t know what Sam has to do with this.”
“I love you. Now get your glowy ass in the car.”
“Are we just gonna’ keep going back and forth about who saved who here?” Dean caught Castiel’s confused look. “I’m trying to come on to you here.”
“Like… god.”
Traded mixtapes, long nights of the angel sitting at the bedside, which Dean often left open. Cowboy cosplay hunts and reunions with the young nephilim. Cartoon buffoonery and Leader Sam Rising. Sam and Dean getting Jack back from death, even if Dean now sat somber realizing the cost.
Dean boggled, hand on the young man’s back. “Yeah--sure… no problem, Jack. I’ll see you later.”
“Alright,” he conceded, wandering to the breakfast table near the other window and setting down either glass. “Hit me,” he invited, as he poured their equal shares.
He hadn’t forgotten Toni’s tips and, while it had taken a great deal of scouring the men of letters archives, once the various alarm warnings for primary monster types were uncovered it just took contacting the local hunters to get them to set up regional reporting zones. They may not have had Butters powering the table anymore, but they could reactivate it by proxy of more modern Men of Letters means.
Dean headed to the front, pulling the drapes apart to look out at the lawn.
Dean furrowed his brows. “I dunno, taking it like you did? Inheriting it? Or-- Oh.” a pause.
“Hey, uh, Jack.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, drawing his attention. “First off. Thanks for… everything, really.”
Couples-pool lasted hours of the night. Dean himself may have been a master poolsmith, but Eileen and Sam’s solid play left no room for Castiel’s novice hand. That, and Dean may have been more than distracted with taking his chance to teach him
“Couldn’t get through,” Dean patted him on the back in the overly tight hug, grinning, only one arm around the angel. “Yeah, I figured it out. But I got you something.”
Castiel paused, eyes closed and meditating. “...It’s… souls. A lot of them.”
“The soul, yeah, I’ve got that by now,” Dean cut in as he capped the bottle and set it down.
Dean and Castiel traded brow-popping, chin-tucked looks and went downstairs.
A large, dead oak bare of its leaves stood over the clearing like a skyscraper. The husked out, black goo seeping skeleton of a serpent hung from it as if crucified. Dean’s distant flashlight beams descended, as if expecting to find something. But nothing.
Dean ground his jaw, gripped his fist on the other side of the angel’s shoulder, and kneaded out his frustration into his palm.
By the time the grace fades from Dean’s eyes, he realizes tears are streaming down both their faces. How long had he been leaning against cas’ forehead? His hands remained tightly gripping the toned upper arms.
"Then it's good you’re best friends with the most powerful witch ever to exist.”
In a matter of seconds, Rowena has lit the lock of Dean’s hair on fire, Eileen lights her match on the flame, Sam lights his pile of strange ingredients on fire, Rowena drops the lock of hair into her own ingredient pile at the base of the flammable archway, Eileen tosses the burning match the short distance to the Impala, and the last thing Dean and Adam see before every window becomes a bright flame, is how the arch ignites and becomes a portal to the deepest blackness. The void.
“Alrighty my boys, it’s now or never,” Rowena interrupts. Then, handing two jugs of holy oil to Dean, adds, “I’ll let you do the honor. Just make sure every inch is covered. We’ll need the whole thing enveloped in flame.”
"Uhh, yeah... of course we knew that..." Dean fibs.
"What is it?"
"The breaking of the vessel is known as
The bangs continue as Eileen gives the back of the Impala a healthy spray of fire extinguisher. Before the fire can return there, Dean goes for the handle. The others hover around him, ready to pounce into action.
-'righteous man'- who has been cleansed by experiencing 'descent on behalf of the ascent.' I have no clue what that means, but since there’s no such thing as Hell, my guess is you need to take a dip in a mikvah while being blessed by your favorite rabbi." Aaron points to himself and wiggles his eyebrows at Dean.
"Then aren't we lucky I have the number of a certain expert on Jewish supernatural mythology. Between Aaron and his golem somebody's gotta be able to decipher this for us."
Then, among the multitude of arms grabbing and scratching at the Shadow, one pair climb their way up and out of the goo-covered ground. Grabbing onto the Shadow and other arms, a head is revealed, then a body. Watching the black liquid drip from the newly-emerged figure, Cas shouts, "Dean, let's go!"
"Well I'm sure I'd be just as scarred as you and Sam if John had spent any time around me growing up."
“Nobody’s forgetting Cas,” Dean fires back. “Don’t you think we’ve spent the past month looking for ways to get him out of there? Don’t you think the first thing I did when I got back here was pray to Jack to bring Cas back?” Dean’s voice cracks momentarily. He collects himself when his eyes catch Sam’s sympathetic look. Dean continues, calmer, “We’re trying our best, man, but we’re a skeleton crew here.”
. And it doesn't explicitly say, but based on context I'd assume God used the Shadow as that vessel for his divine spark. One article says the Shadow shrouds and distorts this residual divine light, but can't expel it."
*commercial break*
Billie's arm extends outwards.
He hands the page to Sam. After skimming the article, Sam replied, “Listen to this,
Dean doesn’t watch the blade cleanly slice through the Shadow’s head. He has shut the car door before the head has finished its second roll, spurting pitch black blood. Only Billie sees the Shadow’s eyes fall closed in eternal sleep, to be dissolved entirely into blinding divine light moments later.
“If you’re done having a conversation with your dog, we can get going.” Adam opens the passenger door to the Impala.
Wow I forgot how hard writing is. I'm really taking my time planning out part 2 in a way that makes sense both to the themes and to religious mythology, which is hard when the Empty isn't actually from any culture? So I've gone down a rabbit hole of Hassidic Judaic mysticism, which is always a fun time lol. Thanks for your patience, and as always your feedback/criticisms are appreciated!
https://www.awakeninthedream.com/articles/the-kabbalahs-remarkable-idea
“Nothing seems quite right.”
Instead of dropping his hand from Dean's temple, Cas cups the human's damp cheek and stares deep into his tearful eyes. “Did you see? Did you see how beautiful you really are? Now how can you say you aren’t worth everything. Worth saving, worth fighting for and dying for, worth all the sacrifices we’ve made and all the pain we’ve endured. Worth happiness and peace and honesty…. Worth loving.”
“One more thing,” the witch says as she approaches the righteous man. Bringing a knife to his head, she cuts a lock of his hair. “Burning this is the finalizing step of the linking spell.”
“I thought we agreed on this, Dean. You get Cas, I get Michael, we both defeat the Empty-”
“Woah there, kiddo. What d'ya think you're doin’. This is a solo mission.”
Then Cas was right on top of it, and Dean is blinded by the light, until a glowing hand- Cas’- Reached toward the center and grabbed on. He sees himself- not as a soul, but as a torturer, about to pull a lever to stretch some poor bastard limb from limb. But Cas’ angelic hand was gripping his shoulder, and Cas felt Dean’s soul so intimately. Then they are rocketing off as Cas mends the battered soul and restores his corpse, cell by cell
Tears are steadily flowing down his cheeks. Adam can only watch on with quiet sympathy as Dean screws his eyes shut and grips the top of the steering wheel with white knuckles. The rest of Dean's words are the whispers of a sinner's prayers. "I shoulda said it back… shoulda said a lot of things. And never should have said some other things.  But part of me has to believe that if he says I deserve good things, then it’s gotta be the truth.”
"I'll make you burgers any time you want. And just wait till you try my famous mac ‘n cheese. You've earned it a thousand times over." The half-brothers smile warmly at one another.
"Is there any chance of you explaining  anything you just said?" Dean responds with raised brows.
Adam's face falls as he says, “You're forgetting I’ve seen Michael’s memories. I’ve been in your head, Dean. Every corner of it is at odds with the rest. This is hopeless. Once I start praying loudly enough, Michael will just wake up and he'll know what to do."
A small smile visits Sam’s face. “I know. I just feel like I should be going with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking smug, Adam climbs in the Impala. Dean turns around and finds himself embraced by his younger brother. “I’m proud of you Dean,” he whispers as he releases his older brother. “I know you can do this, but remember to do it fast. You need to say the backwards spell before the holy oil burns out… even if you haven’t done everything you went there to do. Once it burns out, you’ll be trapped there and you’ll have nothing protecting you or Adam from the Empty.”
"Don't listen to him, Aaron. Tell me more about this vessel," the younger Winchester inquires.
“-Of course it’s the truth, Dean,” said a familiar voice from outside the vehicle. With a frantic shout of Cas' name escaping his lips, Dean throws open his door. Taking one step out of the Impala, Dean sees his lost angel a few feet away, covered in a tar-like black substance, trudging toward him. The angel's eyes brim with tears, yet he has the most joyful smile Dean has ever seen. His eyes reflect true, unbridled glee and admiration, without any of the melancholy of the last time Dean saw them. “You deserve the world, Dean. If you could see your soul as I see it, you would never doubt yourself again.”
Then neither hear the others any longer. And the blackness is perceivable even through the blinding flames of the burning oil.
"Dean, you better not be thinking of lighting yourself on fire."
One last (I think?) chapter coming eventually! As always, thank you for reading, your comments are greatly appreciated, and follow me on Tumblr @PeggingMothman :)
Adam's head shoots up from where he had been praying intensely in the passenger’s seat. His eyes fill with the telltale glow of archangel possession as Michael returns to his vessel. "I can't believe you actually did it," one of the two men remarks with their shared voice.
The scene opens with a montage set to “Long Train Runnin” by the Doobie Brothers. We see fragments of daily life. Adam flips through old Men of Letters books, searching for a way to become whole again. Then, Dean sets a tall stack of blueberry pancakes on the table for Sam, Eileen, and Adam. All are smiling, especially Adam who hasn’t had mornings like these since his mom was killed. Next, the group returns from a vacation with tacky souvenir tshirts and sunburns. Adam carves his initials beside the others, a warm smile on his face. Pile after pile of books are scanned and archived. Miracle licks Dean’s face. The camera pans over a framed picture of Sam on one knee proposing to Eileen in front of the Grand Canyon. A map poster of America’s national parks has many locations filled in.
Dean stops chewing to search Adam's face for signs of bitterness, but finds none. Regardless, the familiar pain of guilt seeps further into his bones.
"My pleasure. Keep in touch!“
Then he went on to say how the separation of unity is evil, and the meaning of life is uniting the opposites within ourselves. Which brings me to the kind of… outlandish prologue of the spell."
Now all four sit at the large table. Adam and Dean are searching and scanning books, while Miracle naps under the table. Sam kisses Eileen’s cheek and looks over her shoulder to where she’s researching local wedding venues. The antique engagement ring is visible on her ring finger.
Find me on Tumblr @Peggingmothman if you want to ask me anything! :) Thanks for reading, I may or may not ever actually finish this fic.
“How can I know my subconscious when I don't even know who I am? I’m a walking contradiction. Am I the replica of my dad he trained me up to be? I got the car and the leather jacket and the classic rock all sayin’ yes, but I… That ain’t all I’ve been this last decade. The truth is, I listen to Taylor Swift when nobody’s looking. I wore Rhonda Hurley’s pink satin panties and liked it. I’ve read every book George R. R. Martin ever wrote. I cry at the end of The Notebook every time I watch it, and I think if my dad saw me now he’d put a bullet in my head.” His voice cracks, and tears well in his frightened green eyes. He isn’t afraid of dying, but of knowing himself. “And the one person who knows me better than me, I let die for me. But I don't even know why he'd do that. I’m too angry all the time, and I drink too much, and push folk away because it’s easier. And because I’m too damn scared to strip all those things away. I wish I wasn’t so scared all the time."
Eileen is the first to speak, saying, “You guys? I think we need to thank Jack...”
Suddenly Cas transports a memory into Dean's mind.
Jack faded into invisible omnipresence, leaving the Winchester brothers surrounded by newly rescued humanity. “What do we do now?” Sam asked his brother.
Dean pauses with his eyebrows raised. “Damn, you really are a Winchester. Wait in the car.”
“What the hell, Dean-” Sam starts.
Then everyone stops just as quickly.
SO MUCH LORE I'm so sorry. The entire first half of this chapter is basically a research paper of everything I learned about Jewish magic, Jewish mystical Kabala, and for some reason Carl Jung and an article I read of how he combined psychology with mysticism, which seemed exactly like something the spn writers would make canon.
"So I assume you already know how allegedly the Empty existed before God created the multiverse in the big bang. And how God created the multiverse by pouring some of their divine light into a vessel, then shattering that vessel into infinite pieces to exist throughout each new universe?"
"I do think something is missing here. Something needs to link the righteous man to the Void-"
Dean huffs out a bitter laugh. "Yeah that's probably true.” Gradually his self-deprecating smile drops. He continues, almost to himself, “I spent my childhood always torn between making my dad proud, or hoping I'd never see him again. Split between raising Sammy and trying to have a life of my own. Then constantly sacrificing myself for anyone else and not knowing whether it’s really because I care, or just because dying a hero is a hell of a lot easier than looking in the mirror and seeing a bad guy. All the good folks who’ve died because of me… I got more regrets than things to be proud of. And now I’ve got until this damned car stops burning to tie together every piece of me that’s been pulled in different directions? Where would I even start? I'm too fucked up to be stitched back together.
Eyes still turned upward, Cas mumbles, “It was nice to see you, Jack,” with a proud smile on his chapped lips.
“You might be fine forgetting about Cas, but I won’t abandon Michael. He and I are a package deal.” The sudden fire in Adam’s tone and the determination in his eyes startles Sam.
Aaron sighs in frustration. "Because the Shadow is a creature of disunity and separation. It doesn't mean to be, but the same spark that gives it power and light also causes it anguish and disharmony." He pauses to catch his breath. "At least according to the overly poetic journal entries of some former Men of Letters."
Adam begins silently praying to Michael, his hopes renewed. One last step and Cas stands face to face with his Dean Winchester. Before Dean has a chance to overcome his shock, the angel takes an impulsive risk. One goo-covered hand tenderly rests its fingertips on Dean’s temple, like handling a precious antique vase.
Before closing the burning car door, Dean chances a glance backwards without pausing the spell. The Shadow is no longer screaming. The way it looks up at the sky is almost… peaceful. Shards of it continue to break off and join the glowing sky. As the chunks break away from the Shadow, they light up.
"Hey now, no need to be hostile. I just have to find my inner peace," he said while assuming a meditative stance.
As Dean scans the first page of the bestiary, an unfamiliar knock rings out from the main entrance. The brothers wordlessly grab their weapons and tiptoe up the steps. At the door, Dean bellows, “Who’s there?”
Dean keeps the wheel straight and slams down on the gas pedal. The sudden acceleration lurches Adam against his seat, and he fumbles putting on his seatbelt.
A short chapter, mostly getting things in order for part 2.
As Dean makes his way to the impala, Sam begins exchanging texts with Eileen. Too focused on his phone, Sam doesn’t initially notice Dean open the back seat door and wave Miracle inside. Once again they have saved the world, but at what cost? Dean cranks up the radio volume, hoping to convince himself free will truly is the root of happiness. “Back in Black” is deafening as the boys and their new dog drive off in their father’s car. As Dean’s stomach aches, he thinks how, so far, he doesn’t feel very free.
"Okay, so, um," the rabbi pauses to choose his words. "There used to just be one Shadow, then God overwhelmed it with divine light until the Shadow shattered into infinite pieces, giving every universe its own Shadow, yada yada. But the shards of divine spark within the Shadows, still belong to the godly source despite being contained."
"About that," Sam interjects. "We could use your help making a powerful spell."
"Well, Adam said the Empty will schluff off once I've unified the separations in myself. So I'll just… well it's simple really, I just need to…" He trailed off to think.
Silently, Dean approaches his soon-to-be burning vessel: the black ‘67 Impala his grandfather bought and passed on to John. Something deep within Dean told him it had to be this car: it had always been this car. With certainty, Dean begins pouring the holy oil over the entire shiny black surface.
“It’s good to be back.” As he pulls away, Sam grimaces at the dark residue left on his flannel. His clothes are in better condition than Dean or Cas’, though. Hopefully it comes out in the wash. Dean doesn’t seem to mind, as he takes another look at Cas in the light of day, as if to verify this is all real, and then pulls him in for another long embrace. The others avert their eyes. Something about this moment feels too intimate to be witnessed.
The scene opens on the boys, Eileen, and Miracle entering the bunker with suitcases. It’s been a month since Jack became the almighty. “You know Sammy, all the times we been to Virginia and I think this was the first time I ever went in the ocean. Hell, I got a tan in places that never been tan before!”
Suddenly a cacophony of bangs sound off from within the trunk. Everyone instinctually grabs whatever blades, guns, and knives they have on their person. Miracle growls.
Dean releases Castiel, but one hand remains attached to his arm. Looking only at Cas, Dean replies, “No. Let her burn.”
https://www.inner.org/worlds/atzmut.htm
?’ These are Hebrew phrases, right? And look,” Sam says, pointing to the page header, “This was written by a Hassidic rabbi. He was mentioned once in one of the Men of Letters journals at our bunker.”
The spell was easy enough. They already had all the ingredients in the impala; the rest was just chanting Latin and drawing a sigil on the door with blood.
But there is no time to celebrate. A gargled shriek slices the thin air. A tremor quakes the ground. Black liquid condenses to form the Shadow. Mouth distorted in pain, it screams while slinking forward unnaturally. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!" it screeches deafeningly. A soft ambient light gradually replaces the pitch black sky, reflecting off the endless shallow ocean of rippling black sludge. Startled by the illumination, The Shadow’s skin begins flaking away, the bits flying upward like iron fragments to some greater magnet. "I can hear every creature in this place. They're waking up. They're ALL waking up." The Shadow's inky black hands grasp at its ears, attempting to regain the silence of sleep. The sound of millions of distant whispers grows in a frantic crescendo.
“And the most humble, too,” Dean jokes from behind his burger.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first to speak is Eileen, who has remained awkwardly holding Miracle’s leash a safe distance from the burning Impala. “So… should we douse the flames now?”
Sam and Dean sit in front of the laptop as Aaron's image pops up on ZOOM. Eileen left to collect enough food for the weekend while Adam busies himself with cleaning beddings and dishes.
Castiel took that as accepting the rest to follow. “It’s about Jack. He’s taken it upon himself to help here and maintaining earth both.” Castiel found the hunter searching his eyes. “I want him… to live a life, Dean. More than a few years in the bunker with three confused old men. To go to school. To find more family.” The ex-angel read slow understanding and open empathy in Dean’s eyes. “I know you wouldn’t have put that on him if you had any other way. And he was happy to help. But I thought… maybe if you could stay around the garden and take ownership with me--”
Castiel was moved,  but only briefly.Curiosity came next. “Then where’s Eileen?” Castiel pried.
He was less worried about cloaking himself. There was no shame there, and no cold. The angel seemed to enjoy putting on the bathrobe though, maybe for the idea of sharing something that once belonged to him in life.
Jody tipped her head. “They’re always at it,” she cooperatively grumbled, silencing herself into her own drink.
“At least you know they’ll be in good hands when they’re gone.” Dean pointed out across the table, elbow propped on the back of the booth.
“I’m gonna help Cas keep this place together until you’re ready to come back. Or if you ever are. It’s cool here anyway. Got my car, a bar, everyone I know. But you can go and… I dunno. Find something. Someone.”
“Yeah, you can-- you can say that again,” Dean obliged into the humor, still restrained but able to crack a grin and a laugh.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “It’s been days, Dean.”
“Aw, that’s sweet, are we adopting again?” Dean sassed.
The doors opened, leaving Team Free Will to approach the rowdy bar. The sounds of the jukebox poured through open doors as did clinking glasses and moving bodies.
The regents of heaven dog walked their pet Leviathan through the crowd. It was a sure way to get plenty of room and short cuts through lines, Dean noted.
“What?” Sam squinted. “How does that work?”
“Well, you weren’t in there for long.”
“No! I don’t know! Are we?” Sam looked to Eileen, who shrugged. “We were kind of busy, Dean!”
“Dean, how does one claim a throne?”
“What was that about?”
Castiel popped his brows in confirmation. “And of course figure out who opened the basement.”
“Pretty sure we don’t want whatever kind of Big Bang you guys are gonna get up to.”
“And boy did it.” Sam chuckled from the side.
The new hole in the wall left the two half-robed figures staring down from the back end of the roadhouse’s impromptu second floor, with a spill of people littered around the apiary. “Sorry about that!” Dean called down.
The game owner eyeballed the Leviathan. “Any reason you got that thing here?”
“Locked in the eternal thunderdome, yeah. And then Eve started making monsters.”
"Wow. You really hit it off." Dean chuffed.
Dean swiveled a flashlight over the hollow forest.
Dean tapped the receiver on his end.
Sam nodded that away, before glancing at Dean. Even in spirit he could read his brother like a book, and the older hunter clearly had something to say. Sam took a step back to give berth.
Jack nodded, seeming to internalize that, and sharing a smile of acceptance up at Dean. Dean still saw sadness in his eyes, but that came with any goodbye.
“What do you mean?”
Still no response.
He knew without as much as looking. The corners of his eyes crinkled as he nodded into a small grin, turning to glance back.
He caught Cas’ smug grin as the angel ruffled his hair. The ex-angel could still get Dean hook, line and sinker with his dry humor juxtaposed to old alien ways.
No response. Castiel cautiously reached for the shackles, undoing them.
“Anything goes. Except cheese,” Dean tapped the side of his head. “Chuck really got up in here with that lactose thing.”
It had been beaten into him multiple times.
Monster movies and hiding from phobias laid out jamming to the eye of the tiger in the impala were interspersed with quiet bench conversations.
Sam hesitated. “I mean it’s up to what Eileen wants, really.” He conceded. “If I didn’t forget this… maybe we could avoid losing her in the hunt. Have our kid… grow up with his mom instead of a Nanny. Not that I’m going to.. Nail her down into momming or whatever.”
“Yeah? I mean not on purpose. You dragged me up here but--guess it came from me because you--this you, or whatever,” Dean gestured from bed, propped up on an elbow, “Wasn’t there.”
“Fix? Like curing a demon?”
Dean took a moment to realize… Castiel wasn’t there. His jaw set and his eyes traveled over his thoughts more than the pebbles around him.
“And surviving’s different from living. Bunch of rabid croats out there don't exactly sing honeymoon.”
The longer Dean Was, the longer he understood; he could still feel the road rumbling under his feet. He could still feel the angel’s heat against his neck and on occasion may have uncomfortably shifted with a flustered look. He opted out of considering if his parents had those same moments sitting there among them. He felt the burst of distantly riding some mechanical horse, and the wind in his hair in what ranch he had established next door for himself in the shadow of the mountains.
Dean took in a breath. “Well…” he looked to Castiel. “Where next?”
“...That was different.” Castiel said, sounding relieved.
A whole new perspective for Dean for the battle in the crypt; fields of false-hims executed as flickered distant context, only for the angel's violent refusal. Two sides of a Gas-n-Sip reunion from both pairs of eyes. Dog-Dean and met Waywards.
The family sat amidst ample and fertile greens and floral arrays of all colors, shaded pleasantly by trees of all shapes and sizes and the sun warmly beaming through. The weather was perfect--and always would be.
“Well, if she’s the first monster, and they’re the first monsters,” Dean tipped his head back and forth. “But we killed her.”
Well, that and an extra wallet copy for Dean.
It was distinctly different from the quiet scene Dean had first wandered up towards, given Bobby still seemed planted on his porch stoop with a beer. “Hey kids. Everyone’s been waiting for you.” He nodded the brothers inside and locked his eyes on Castiel. “And half of heaven’s been waiting for you.”
Jack looked curious.
The unerring timeless bar was rich in celebration; remembering grand stories in life in a far more bustling and diverse array. Sam ended up seated at a table with Eileen, who happily signed alongside her speaking. Eileen, Castiel explained, never really perceived sound in the world and it wasn’t a necessary part for her soul to enjoy being. There was nothing wrong with it. She was complete.
“Jack?” both brothers sounded off, raising in sync. Castiel looked over from his mason jars filled with honeyed ambrosia, smiling.
Castiel nestled deeper into his pillow. “We can be everywhere and do anything, Dean. We never have to leave.”
The ex-angel migrated to the dresser, reaching into his trenchcoat and pulling out a standard size photo to slide into the picture frame of their roller coaster moment. He paced the room a few times, collecting smaller fares and settling them on top of the dresser, and went so far as to fix a cat-in-the-hat hat atop the unreactive Leviathan’s head, as if to make a point to Dean.
Dean morbidly nodded through, eyes downward and overanalyzing the table grains his mind had come up with.
“Hey, Jack.” Sam said softly, shoving his hands in his pockets.
“I mean. This. Us. Why are we the way we are.”
“Ooookay?” Dean made clear he wasn’t following.
“Yeah, looks like the new warding alert systems did most of the work for us,” Sam made sure to speak into the active camera clearly, signing halfway along as best he had learned to help clarify.
“I am so sorry. For giving you grief, Dean.” the angel's voice called emerald sights back open to the road.
But the family settled in over blankets and sheets, endless loaves and shares from picnic baskets. Sam and Eileen shared their given mat. John, and Mary theirs. Castiel more often worked with the hives than settling in with Dean, who occasionally drifted in and out to bring drinks. There was a knowing that Dean Junior might be there, or might come; but no one was in any rush for him to make it there. His place was set and ready for the future and whoever he might bring with him.
“Put it
Dean made a cutting gesture to dash it out of the air.
came out of the side room, setting both on alert. Dean stole the trenchcoat in trade for the robe the other wore as a cacophony of noise and confusion came out of the next room.
“What about the inflatable hammer?” Castiel spoke.
“In Purgatory. I heard you. But it wasn’t fair to you. I shouldn’t have stopped you from saying it.”
“Naw! I mean, yeah, but it was open and I thought I could get some wicked barrels of something out of there, but there was just this creepy ass forest with gorilla dogs. Looked like someone else busted the lock before I got there,” Ash flexed. “Doctor Badass took care of it for you.”
Well, apparently there was no getting into the room, so Castiel did the next best thing--disappeared the room.
“Well, okay. How about you convince Donna to come out here and we can take a swing around in the Mustang?”
“They, greatly outmatched in number by the Spartans, still sent even them to historic and shameful defeat.”
“Well that was-- definitely a thing,” Dean commented, glancing back. “I hope that’s easy to clean up.”
Ironically, none of them seemed to notice the company quietly wandering in the back, carrying a crate to the counter.
What to stand for...
When Dean scoffed at the predictability of the ex-angel wanting to be a beekeeper, Castiel had explained to Dean that in some forms of theosophy, the soul was represented by bees. And, with souls being grown in the Garden, the new Occultum and Throne, the young and fresh ones deserved a quiet place to take their first form and work in harmony.
“I mean, if you can call it that. Not a happy one. You were all storm clouds and nihilism,” Dean admitted with an air of burden, rising to stand and finally head over towards the window.
Cas side-eyed him, but couldn’t help but crack a grin. “Dean, generally identities are made in the first few years of life, not the first few universal cycles. But if all it’s known is this, maybe you’re on the right track, we just have to find a better way than dragging it around.”
“Each on their own time.” Castiel explained, “But when the garden calls, we leave the door open for everyone. They’ll always be here when ready. All of them will. Some part is always here, save for when I have to close it now and then.”
Castiel raised his brows. “Well, we haven’t heard about Jack--or Jod--coming back,” Castiel reasoned. “Your brother and Eileen have each other. And they knew to make some safe changes. I think they were ready for this. They’re fine.”
.” Sam spoke up from the back. “Do I get a say in this?”
“Here, everyone can. Like I said. I refurbished the Garden. This is mine.”
“Well, he’s always going to be here. Every human that could ever Be is here. But most of his Being would be on earth. He won’t be able to travel all over like the rest of you, but he could find somewhere to settle down.”
Dean knew better than to say ‘
“I’ve told you, Emptiness is not a thing, or a place any more than the garden or heaven is. The Shadow of the Empty is nothing more than what we hate about ourselves, what we fear. What we don’t want to admit we want, or who we are.”
“It seems like he’s doing a good job.” Eileen nodded vigorously in approval. “It’s great here.”
"That's... kind of badass."
part of the Garden.
“Maybe we can’t take down the wall yet. But I think we can… we can fix the Leviathan.”
The two were pressed so close, bare bodies pressed in the all-encompassing mattress of their upstairs bungalow, that Castiel could only see the question spark in the depths of the hunter’s eyes rather than the creases at the corner of them.
“And as long as you will have me, in any way you need or want me, I will do and be for you.”
Sam side-eyed, lips turning smugly, “Should have known you’d be spending the time with Cas here.”
“Yeah. Definitely different.” Dean repeated. “Okay so what now--Roadhouse?”
Castiel chuckled. “Actually, their heaven is with William. Jo’s father. They’re free to help here as much as they like though.” Castiel looked at his own hand resting on the table before inching his fingers closer to Dean. “That’s actually something I wanted to speak to you about.”
All ends of the line went silent.
“Sure. That’s why.”
“I dunno,” he admitted, groaning as he sat up and finally swung his legs over the bed.
How was it any time the angel opened his mouth--or his mind, in this strange place--he was always affirming him; how did every word always sound like adoration, every thought a declaration of love, even when he didn’t say it so.
