Sherlock places his phone on the table, stopwatch ready to be activated. He picks up the cube.
“That I almost died? Or that I reevaluated everything? Or experienced a trauma?”
Realising that he's absently begun clamping a few of the clamps to the skin of his left palm, Sherlock smiles briefly to himself and considers just letting himself relieve the tension caused by the arousal that seems unwilling to dissipate. But no, that won't do. John might be back soon and either way, he ought to recondition himself a bit in terms of pain and sexual arousal.
“He’s not doing drugs.”
One, two,
John’s question breaks the silence after a few minutes.
Three taps of his bare toes against the floor.
There isn’t a trace of irritation or even sharpness left as his eyes meet Sherlock’s. Surprise. Hesitance. Perhaps even fear. But no sharpness. No room to misinterpret.
John doesn't stop in his track, just lifts his eyebrows a bit as he continues towards his chair, a plate with a sandwich on in his hand.
"Destructive, perverted, obsessive, imposing, stalker."
Inhale. Exhale. Everything inside of Sherlock is giving way for the pressure.
He could change his mind.
“So, Watson, how are you adjusting to the A&E?”
Turning over once again, this time so that he’s facing John’s direction, Sherlock adjusts the thin sheet that he’s using as a blanket in the heat.
With John, what he wanted John to do-- it’s the opposite of that. It’s about giving up control. It’s about experiencing every sensation, his senses heightened and his mind present. It’s about pleasure, because in this context, pain is somehow very close to pleasure.
On "Congenital brain dysfunction";
(Could it be that--)
Now Sherlock doesn’t even know what to do with his hands -
It had already been 2 am when they’d managed to get a room in the dingy little hotel, and its minibar had proved to have little to offer in terms of food. But where it had lacked in solid nutrition, it had provided well in terms of alcoholic fluids.
“You're better at deducing people's… inclinations than their motives for murder.”
“Dull,” he simply says, as Victor passes the cigarette. When their fingers brush, he briefly wonders what it would feel like if something else were to brush against his skin. A press of lips, more skin, the tip of a burning cigarette--
- and starts getting dressed just as he hears John turn on the shower on the other side of the thin wall.
Sherlock; ever the freak. Only, in this he is another kind of freak than the kind Donovan sees.
Even Helena couldn’t always tell the two deficiencies apart at times, which gave him leeway in choosing his strategies to deal with the named one, as it could be seen as a healthy way to deal with the other. She was right -
“Arguable, but beside the point,” Sherlock says as to wave John's words off, then continuing. “Given what you now know about my… inclinations I thought you might find the term ‘freak’ somewhat more fitting than you used to.”
Letting the books fall to the floor, Sherlock stretches out and makes his way to the kitchenette, in dire need of more coffee.
At Baskerville, Sherlock had suddenly been made acutely aware of how John was still very much the soldier, which should have been obvious, but somehow it had managed to pass Sherlock by. That is until John pulled rank like it was something he still did ten times a day.
In the mirror he eyes the pale skin that will burn easily in the sun and turn reddish and flake. No tan lines anywhere - body lotion with sunblock, a lesson learned early in life. His skin is currently painted in different shades of pink from the heat of the water and the rub of the soft towel.
He solved the dreary, uninspired case and at least he got his answers on that. Even if it is an ultimately boring case Sherlock has never been able to bring himself to leave a case until he’s solved it. Even if no one else believes him or if his solution can’t proven he is satisfied with knowing the answer. What happens after that is of less importance.
Wikipedia on "obsessions" (from main article "Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder"):
Order - John is the order to Sherlock's chaos.
It comes out like an accusation - and in a way, it is.
in - every day.
“She probably thought she did. Though I doubt that Sophia is dead.”
The sound is swallowed as John’s mouth hits his. It's a slightly strained angle, with John’s head so much further down, but it works, and there's contact and saliva and warmth. Sherlock leans his head towards John's mouth, and the dual sensation of kissing and having John's fingers now pressing and testing the resistance of the rim of his sphincter makes him forget all about moving his own hand. Then John's fingers leaves him, and instead of pressing against his anus they're now pressed to his lips, breaking the kiss and inserting themselves into Sherlock's mouth. It's strange, until it dawns on Sherlock that he might be expected to... ah. Yes.
And when John comes, it’s with the bitter taste of come already on his tongue, and it feels almost like tasting his own orgasm as he thrusts into his own hand one final time before slumping down, leaning with a hand against the floor.
Not over. Not leaving.
(His senses  are clearly unreliable in such close proximity to another person. Interesting.
Sherlock waits.
The position makes absolutely no sense.
Mycroft -
(Previously, he’s used words to provoke these encounters. During his brief shower, he’s found that he is now at a loss for words. The only ones he can come up with sounds clinical and bereft of all…
Turns out that the only thing worse than living is nearly dying, and as the pain gradually lessens, Sherlock almost wishes it wouldn't, because at least it was enough to keep him from thinking.
Having the sharp edge of a table pressed into his ribs is nothing but dull, mechanical pain, and it overrides every other sensation, almost drowning out even the initial, distasteful sense of betrayal over the fact that his own muscles and neurons decided to allow him to end up--
If he won't be able to forget than neither should John.
Any arousal that had tingled in his body mere moments ago is now gone, leaving him with nothing but a half-hard penis and a sense of missing too much data, of not getting the full picture, not getting enough distance and too many thoughts to see clearly and--
He proceeds to the bathroom across the hall, opening the cabinet to see if there’s anything there.
He doesn't want to be here, and she doesn't want him to be there. Being found once means she could be found again, with uncertain consequences. But for him, this is just another chance to prove he’s right, isn’t it?
“Yes.”
Then, it all goes pear-shaped.
• ordering/arranging/symmetry behaviors/evening-up
“So it’s inconsequential to both of us, it’d seem,” he concludes, stretching his leg and moving over to lie on his side. “So glad that we had this talk.”
(Ifit is, the results so far would indicate that emotional proximity achieved by the sharing of personal information is superior to physical proximity.)
Ten minutes pass and Sherlock is still in his own bed, now with John wrapped partly around him from behind, and Sherlock's willing himself not to focus on how every single fold of the rumpled sheet underneath him seem to be cutting into his skin. John breathes against his scapula. His breaths are even and surprisingly pleasant against Sherlock’s skin. It ought to tickle, but it doesn’t. It might be the heat that does it. Or the humidity. Either way, those breaths are the only thing that feels tolerable at this moment. The only thing that isn’t poking at him and willing him to stir. The pressure behind his sternum is increasing in a way that will soon cause Sherlock to physically trying to ease it.
Taking a deep breath, John places his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, and when Sherlock doesn’t flinch or tries to shake him off, John lets his thumb stroke over a ridiculously high cheekbone. His thumb continues down to the sharp angle of Sherlock’s jaw, tracing the bones beneath the cold skin before moving back up to stroke the cheek again, fingers cupping the side of Sherlock’s face that’s turned away from him, putting a bit of pressure behind it until they’re almost face to face again.
(They’re both using pain as a distraction, it would seem, but in opposite ways. John’s mind supplies him with endogenic pain whenever something stirs up his PTSD, while Sherlock’s supplies him with the impulse to create external pain, anything to distract from what’s happening inside.)
“I'll be on my way then.”
“Is that what you’re… You did this to…” John’s voice raises with increasing frustration.
-John-
me, later. It's quite the thrill, isn't it? Knowing that you're not just someone who follows the sociopathic freak, like people think, but knowing that you are the one who gets to bend him to your will and hold him there, making him want to submit to you.”
what it was?”
Having a strategic plan is vital to any advance into new territory. John knows this better than most. The problem with new territory is that it's unpredictable and there’s an unspoken agreement about not asking for a map.
(There’s a comfort in cause and causality, in facts, in patterns and order and--)
“Right, just let me have my coffee first,” John says, trying to concentrate on finishing his shave without risking any cuts due to any sudden movements from Sherlock. He really shouldn't have to put up with this at this hour, and especially given that--
“Are you saying I made you do something you didn't want to do?”
It takes him several days. He ignores lectures, loses sleep, and manages to upset his stomach more than usual with the tension caused by the problem at hand in addition to the excessive drinking of coffee and smoking of cigarettes.
The mind-body problem. Descartes’ problem, but reversed; How do physical actions relate to the non-physical states?
The conclusion Sherlock's reached requires some thinking, and at the moment John’s loud refusal to shout and have his frustration - as well as so many more interesting things - out in the open is not compatible with thinking, so Sherlock shuts himself into his room as they get home, thinking about the matter at hand.
It will look almost like normalcy.
“Right,” says John, pulling the duvet closer around his waist as he leans over the edge of the bed to scramble for his clothes on the floor. “You might consider showering before we go, though.”
John is absentmindedly rubbing the side of his neck, which is one of his tell-tale signs. His shoulder is bothering him. The cold, of course. His neck will be stiff from the way John compensates in his movements as soon as his shoulder is acting up.
“You don’t have to stay awake with me, you know,” John says from the sofa, apparently recognising Sherlock’s restlessness for what it is - a tell-tale sign of his need to sleep. “Even if it is your fault that I’m awake at this hour.”
“No.”
It's not the pain from before the drugs - no, it's the dull, grey absence of any kind of pleasure.
Sherlock knows he lacks the data to form an opinion on death, but still it seems like a preferable option. He knows what it’s like to live, after all, and that experience has yet to impress him.
Undercompensation, which includes a demand for help, leads to a lack of courage and a fear for life.
His new trousers certainly does a less effective job of showing off his long legs and his behind, but the cut is classic and silently tasteful. When worn with his new shirts, he finds that the combination makes him look less distinguishable, more average and more handsome than…
“And you’re always too late to leave, so please oblige me by not dragging this tedious visit out any longer. Give my best to Mummy when you talk to her. Tell her I’ve enjoyed every single one of the benzodiazepines--”
John hasn’t knocked on his door. John hasn’t come to him with questions. John hasn’t asked him to explain, or to provide assurances that this is  in fact one of Mycroft’s jokes at Sherlock’s expense, and of course the great detective does not need psychotropic drugs in order not to be…
Inhale.
“I believe the word ‘red’ is commonly used in some similar circumstances.”
Sherlock can sense the warmth radiating from John, can feel how John's eyes are travelling all over his body, unable offer John's body and face the same scrutiny.
“What,” John says with a voice that’s both as cold and as steady as an iceberg, “have you taken?”
Focus - focusing, sustaining and shifting attention
A bite almost breaks the skin next to the base of his skull and a breath is held far too long before it’s let out.
When John once again eases the pressure of his knuckles of Sherlock’s breastbone, Sherlock feels himself sag down further against the table, his arms aching from the position and pain radiating from where his elbows support his weight against the hard table.
Against his will, Sherlock feels the muscles of his face tense up into a slight grimace, which John luckily can't see from where he's standing behind Sherlock, his hand…
When Sherlock's hands starts to wander from John's face to John's pectorals and then down to his waist, John finds himself keeping perfectly still, for there's something in Sherlock's tentative movements that make John realise that this is not like the kissing.
And also; that's not the kind of game they play. Sherlock don't ask. John simply gives.
To Sherlock, the relief is palpable even before they reach the crime scene.
He shouldn't assume that there will be a ‘next time’ - they haven't even talked about any of this, and that’s the thing, really, that’s what makes this so--
to be hurt. By hand.”
The heat and the lack of sleep - or the neurotransmitter response to sexual arousal - is slowing Sherlock’s brain. At first he decides that John is talking about the kissing, but then his cognition catches up and he thinks better of it.
“There’s always something to it when it comes to you. And I'm fed up with not knowing whether I should make something out of it or not.”
One glance is enough to tell him that John will not be stalled by unfamiliar terminology.
“Do you want me to--” John starts when Sherlock’s body ceases to push up against his own.
“You should write your own article,” Sherlock says, and he hadn’t intended to say that, but something needed to be said.
“Hang on, let me check.”
“No? Does that mean you're about to start tearing yourself to pieces instead?”
, he thinks before he drifts off.
“You're not a sociopathic freak,” John says slowly, as if having had the air knocked out of him.
“Motivation.”
“To what degree would you say that a person's reaction to a traumatic or otherwise life-altering event can be predicted?”
“Quite a woman, that Irene Adler,” John finally says, looking up at Sherlock before taking another bite of his toast.
hadn’t been enough for the new chaos, no, it just worked for the old, recurring feeling of being
“Am I what?”
“You expect me to somehow make you pay you for what you said?” John asks, and Sherlock flinches slightly, because yes; that’s what would be expected and the discrepancy between the expected and the actual behavior is distressing.
- and if this is going to blow up in their faces, Sherlock would at least like to be dressed.
* * * * *
A rhythmical rapping on the downstairs door, the first two faster than the last one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even more unlikely
Back at the flat, John startles slightly as Sherlock drops a fork while setting the table, and Sherlock pretends not to notice, which is inane, because John knows that Sherlock notices everything - that’s what he does, what John finds him ‘brilliant’ for doing.
“Yes, thanks,” John says, dropping the subject for now.
Sherlock looks at his violin, but before he even begins to move towards it, John interrupts him and tells him that if he is to have any chance of remaining awake for the next hour and a half then Sherlock better bloody not play his violin. Instead, Sherlock settles for making a fire while John turns the telly on, searching through the channels.
It’s John’s move. And John does move after a few seconds, letting his cock press against Sherlock’s mouth until his lips part, and the pressure that’s been building up in his groin is suddenly too intense to hold back. Sherlock fights to keep his eyes open as John pushes deeper into his mouth, not stopping his slow intrusion until Sherlock is gagging around him and John’s balls are pressed against Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock doesn't bother controlling his anger. There are so many more important things to keep under control.
John just looked up at her, and couldn’t help but to smile. Selma smiled back, still far too animated about this subject.
His fear was about something recurrent, something real. He was right to fear it, because there was no doubt that it would end him in a way worse than any knife could. But what if he’d only faced the vacuum once or twice? What if his fear had been based on one experience only, and there was no evidence that things would end up the same again, except for the instinct in his gut? Was it real then? Was it advisable to avoid anything that could possibly lead to that same situation? Or was exposure the only way to reason?
This is what determination looks like in a man who is used to putting his own feelings and reactions aside when the situation demands.
(Sometimes Sherlock finds himself more interested in getting off the battlefield than seeing the battle through to its end.)
And yet he did think about it.
I think what might also happen in this chapter is a sort of shift, where John is now actually paying attention to Sherlock’s motivations, fears and needs. Previously in this story, it’s been a matter of self-protection to read Sherlock’s expressions and understand where he’s coming from in this. Now, John is actually feeling secure enough to look at Sherlock as his friend once more, actually seeing him instead of using all his energy to make sure that Sherlock doesn’t see through him.
The morning train back to London is, thankfully, not as loud and infuriating as the one to Edinburgh was.
. Still, there's something,
and Sherlock doesn’t enjoy talking up his defects, but he certainly enjoys the way it affects Mycroft. Sherlock has always been able to throw him off his game a little, simply by not censoring himself so much for a few minutes.
Around him, cars are seemingly approaching faster than they ought, the speed of objects in motion unpredictable and arbitrary. It's one of the telltale signs of being close to cognitive overload that Sherlock is all too familiar with, and he’s compelled to make his way into one of the tasteful bathrooms inside the club for a few minutes in order to decrease the sensory onslaught before allowing the usher to show him the way to Mycroft.
(Agreeing, affirming,
. Fucking, shitty, arrogant tosser of a…
“Not good?” John asks neutrally, his spine straight and his face turned up, and Sherlock must admire him for doing that; for pretending that it doesn’t move him one bit whatever Sherlock’s answer might be.
“That doesn't work with the kind of situation you’ve been getting us into lately.”
And the gas that's making everything just a bit painful is only a byproduct of a chemical reaction, like so many other things that people consider painful.
He was too drunk and too tired to even fear any vacuum tonight.
“Partially,” Sherlock concedes. “Not only.”
“You wanted to show me that I don’t want this?” John says, now staring at Sherlock with no small amount of disbelief.
It’s taken her long enough to answer. Five hours, thirty-two minutes. She’s getting slow. Or perhaps it’s just one of her ‘Eccentric Researcher Who Couldn’t Care Less’ days. He learned that from her. Learned that you can cover up certain weaknesses by playing up your eccentricity. Though it took him far too long to catch up on that, on part of the reason for her uneven behavior.
(John’s finger on the trigger, his stance practised and his hand perfectly steady. He’s lethal, focused,
, needs to create yet another point of contact where he’s not only palpable, but also visible.
-tingling-
Logic over sensation.
It's unusual, wanting something and not just reaching out to grab it, but instead waiting for it to come to him.
And it is, because he doesn't need more names for the ways in which his brain is dysfunctional. Accepting attempts at diagnostics means that you're open to the possibility that something is faulty. And once you acknowledge that possibility, there can be no more believing you’ve chosen your path for yourself.
“Insecure? Sherlock?” John said with an amused grin, forgetting that he was in fact furious with the man.
It's not even the pain he desperately needs, at this point.
“Want another one?”
In his fantasies, things were never this real.
Beta falls silent, but Sherlock thinks he hears the faint click of nails against keyboard. It could just be in his mind, a silent metronome that makes him move his toes to the non-existent rhythm of the clicking sound.
The unsettling feeling of dissonance over being both instantly impatient and instantly annoyed over John’s poor timing must have shown on Sherlock’s face, because a shadow of hesitation flickers over John’s features for just a brief second before the muscles around his mouth shifts marginally and any visible hesitation is once again absent.
John's expression doesn't shift in the slightest at the mention of the war, of his own ‘first’. And it's only then that it hits Sherlock - was the war John's first trauma? He'd always assumed it was; his deductions had never given him reason to consider otherwise.
Sherlock doesn’t like the sensation that the loss of John’s weight on his torso causes, but he likes the sight he gets of John twisting his way out of his shirt, still straddling Sherlock’s hips. And the sensation as John is once again pressed against his whole body is now different; their position hasn't changed, but the feeling has. Now it's skin shifting against skin, muscles moving under a thin layer of subcutaneous fat tissue and the sensation of humidity and warmth is no longer obscured by the discomfort of seams and buttons pressed into his skin.
“Why don't you practise observing that?” Sherlock says, wavering between challenging and cheeky.
Anyway, what good would it do John to be romantically involved with someone so impaired that he can’t tell reality from delusion? There’s nothing ‘amazing’ in that, and if Sherlock can’t be amazing then he’s nothing - worse than nothing; a psychologically crippled charity case.
There's a slight tension around her mouth as she mentions Sherlock’s words about her, but her otherwise relaxed attitude regarding the evening seems sincere, and John's impressed by her ability to shake things off. He wished he could have some of that ability as well.
Sensation Seeking in this chapter:
Then the game will be on, and after that he’ll have to take it from there.
“I'll just finish this up, then I'll be on my way.”
Visiting crime scenes, solving riddles, catching murderers and finding patterns in the battlefield that is his London, Sherlock is, for the first time in his life, not too bothered by his own mind.
A solider, loyal and with a strong moral principle.
Opening the mirror doors to the first of the two bathroom cabinets -
It is, in short, blissful.
Impulsivity is both a facet of personality as well as a major component of various disorders, including ADHD, substance use disorders, bipolar disorder, antisocial personality disorder, and borderline personality disorder. Impulsiveness may also be a factor in procrastination. Abnormal patterns of impulsivity have also been noted instances of acquired brain injury and neurodegenerative diseases. Neurobiological findings suggest that there are specific brain regions involved in impulsive behavior, although different brain networks may contribute to different manifestations of impulsivity, and that genetics may play a role.
The led pipe misses his temple by only half an inch.
* * * *
When it comes to Selma, I'd say that her compensation is perhaps more visible to others than John's is. In her case, it comes down to managing what she - and a majority of those around her - percieves as a 'disability'. As mentioned in the notes to 'Impulse control', she's more than aware that her behaviour in general makes people think of her as less than professional, but even when she's on her meds, she cannot fully compensate for this. Working really hard to achieve great skill in her profession gives her a certain leeway, something that she has learnt to work with. She practises her skills, takes on the most difficult patients and she is in fact natural when it comes to the social interactions with patients - a not uncommon phenomenon amongst people who are in generally not naturals when it comes to social interactions that fits into the norm but has found a professional role in which they feel comfortable, stimulated and see a purpose and a pattern to the social interactions.
John’s voice, merely establishing a fact. There’s a slight grimness in it, the way it sometimes is when John feels left out.
), and he’s willing to let it do just that, but he needs an external way to organise the internal chaos if he's to stand a chance to stay above the surface of the shapeless dread of--
“Oh.”
“Does what happened to her influence the case? Could it have been purposely done to push her to, well, ‘change her outlook on life’?”
“Sophia.”
“Not. Most. Of. The. Time.”
“Are you alright?”
It's when he's shuffling through the stacks and piles of papers in the low bookcase by the sofa for some notes on kidney damage after ethylene glycol intake that he hears the sound of something other than a book falling to the floor.
Unfortunately, Sherlock is currently unable to process any vital information as long as John is there, radiating the Tyrian purple and all that deep, confident blue.
Perhaps he needs to make that a bit clearer. How would he go about it if there wasn’t a tingling sensation in his palms -
Sherlock only gives the loud, jovial man a raised eyebrow before making his way to John. John feels himself tense up as Sherlock approaches. Sherlock wouldn’t…
[ ] F = Fantasy
Then, just as Sherlock realises that John can watch him, but that John is out of his own field of vision, a hand makes contact with his… hair.
There were fingers against his scalp and Sherlock never knew that a pressing together of lips would feel so foreign; people always said it was like merging and like melting and like belonging, but it hadn’t been, it had just been pressure, and a dragon slain and something even more hateful, something like hope--
The moral principle was often a bit of a bother, but the other two were... an advantage.
(This is a kind of problem Sherlock’s avoided until now. He’s not sure he likes this new kind of problem, but he’s determined to see things through. He will be consistent in this. He will be consistent for John. For himself.)
Action - monitoring and self-regulating actions
It’s been almost two decades since he realised the end of the world was near. He was thirteen years old when he last actually believed that the patterns he saw were leading irreversibly towards the most definitive of all endings, and yet felt constantly compelled to counteract the chaos this pattern brought.
(The “making out”? A plebeian expression that lacks a more acceptable synonym.)
“Anyway, I don't see why you're not simply out looking at the place she disappeared or stealing my files as usual,” Lestrade says, watching him closely.
As usual, I'm only illustrating one or two criterian of many, and one or two criterian doesn't make a diagnosis!
is why caring is not an advantage.)
“Clearly, I don't have any such delusions at this point, and I haven't for two decades. Unfortunately, there are other symptoms that have proven to be slightly more resilient. Hence the… medication.”
. It is strong enough to cancel out everything.
Of everything that Sherlock has just said, of course
Pain.
It's enough to lean on, for now.
Sherlock does not particularly want to venture into further explanations of that statement, but given that John’s facial expression doesn’t change, Sherlock sighs and continues, putting himself out there by a very deliberate choice of words in hope of this verbal offering will even out the balance Sherlock’s managed to upset with his unforeseen little... outburst.
[ ] N/A = not applicable
Turning away from John and starting to pick up the papers by his feet, Sherlock wonders how he’s supposed to do these things, make all these shameful
(Not a physical one, no; something that's far more difficult to defend against.)
John wonders if Sherlock would find the woman attractive. Sherlock is pretty much a solid six on the Kinsey scale, having only ever been attracted to men as far as John knows, but he also knows that Sherlock is someone who isn't in any way blind for aesthetic value or beauty. It ought to be a fairly easy deduction for anyone who's seen his wardrobe or all his old lithographs, really.
“Don’t,” John says, his voice all steel, and the man on the floor loses track of what he was doing for less than a second, but that’s all John needs. Then man is once again whimpering in pain and curling in on himself, and John’s ducking away from the knife that’s now coming at him, using his arm to fend off the attack.
He doesn't.
John suddenly looks amused, but after just a second his expression shifts again. So does his posture; his leg must be bothering him more than Sherlock had initially thought.
- confirms Sherlock’s theory that John’s PTSD is acting up again. The past few nights there’d been the padding down to the kitchen for glasses of water in the darkness, a restlessness that only surfaced during periods of intensified symptoms. The conclusion is simple.
The phone vibrates once again in his pocket as he climbs the stairs -
“It’s prescription medication!” Sherlock exclaims, another thing said without thinking. “I don’t even do depressants.”
First step.
Common factors in these meetings included laboratory setting and unexpected reactions to Sherlock’s persona. Differentiating factors included Sherlock’s grade of experience with interpersonal relationships and his level of self-control. Those two last factors
Twenty minutes later, there's a knock on the door, and John enters without waiting for a reply.
“I’m sorry about that…” John manages, voice strained.
(See the end of the chapter for
John keeps his gaze focused on Sherlock, but something’s shifted, admiration has turned into something more uncertain, and Sherlock is
. It’s worse than he thought, and he’s thought about this moment more than he can justify in front of himself.
but not unpleasant.)
. The means to achieve said goal; yet to be determined.)
(See the end of the chapter for
(Not this
“Paracetamol’s in the box by the microwave.”
What Sherlock wants is irrelevant, because he shouldn't have it, he really shouldn't, but somehow John seems determined to make him aware of just what it is he can't have.
Then comes a bullet and a shattered scapula followed by two different infections, and suddenly John’s alive and back in London, the actions and abilities he used to lean on replaced by a cane.
. For what? There’s just been a case and Sherlock has not done anything really unsettling as far as he’s aware. Sherlock has been acting as normal as possible these last few days and neither of them have initiated anything that could make John… uncomfortable. Sherlock might be observant, but lately he’s begun to suspect that he might be a bit myopic when it comes to John. He’s simply too close to John to be able to read him as clearly as he used to. Therefore Sherlock finds himself without a clear answer as to why John is currently drumming his fingers against the inside of the car door and frowning his brow ever so often.
(The thought comes without any prelude this time, vibrates in his nerves.
Lately, Sherlock has noticed that John seems pleased whenever Sherlock’s is either rude or dismissive.
“I was thirteen. I was on my way home from practise a bit later than usual, with my mate Nate. A couple of older kids approached us, and I think we knew that it wasn’t going to end well. I escaped as they surrounded us, Nate didn’t. I watched from behind a corner as they beat him. Badly.”
We only see Sherlock's POV in this chapter, but it's likely that both of them expect to react in line with previous reactions after physical intimacy. Perhaps they even expect a stronger reaction than before ('blow up in his face') due to the increased intensity of both physical contact and the element of D/s that they're (very unnegotiatedly) expolring. Initially, Sherlock's reaction does follow the previous pattern - shame, negative thoughts of himself and a steadily growing panic that will most likely turn into a major--
“There was a poisoning. I’m still recovering. Look; tremors. I’m still poisoned.” Sherlock holds up his hand, forcing his eyes open too. The fine tremor is clearly visible.
the consequences of what I did (to save you)
He closes his eyes as it begins to feel like the bed is moving ever so slightly beneath him.
“That’d be good, yeah.”
Sherlock is stroking him firmer, his other hand moving over John's iliac crest and over John's hip, holding, rubbing. It's hard to remain still for Sherlock, not to thrust into Sherlock's hand, not to writhe or try to find something to lean back against.
A man is screaming into his phone as if he wants to override the buzz in Sherlock’s mind.
Would she be just as responsive vocally? Gasp and moan and make breathless demands like ‘
He does not move to adjust it, only notes that he can’t stop looking at it with growing unease as he awaits her answer.
Sherlock is an addict, but what's John's real--
. That'd been one of the most arousing things John had ever witnessed.
There’d been a vacuum - an empty place where something vital or necessary should have been - in John for as long as he could remember. It didn’t always surface; he soon became skilled at covering it up with other people and their needs and their reactions, but it never left. When not covered up it began to expand and diffuse into everything around him, and if he didn’t delimit it soon enough it’d lead to… things not good.
. And Sherlock so rarely got to experience that kind of silent lack of reaction, so he'd settled in front of his laptop as soon as he had gotten out of the shower and had seen his brother's text, containing a link to an encrypted forum page, and Sherlock was now reluctant to break that frail balance between
Both Sherlock and John are high sensation seekers in the show (and in this fic). John went to war and he moves in with a stranger who promises him danger. He comes when Sherlock promises dangerous situation and he’s miserable when not faced with something intense. Sherlock takes unnecessary risk as a habit, doing everything in his power to keep himself from getting bored (“boredom susceptibility”). He’s also turned to drugs, which is not uncommon with high sensation seekers.
, given John's reactions.)
When the finger reaches Sherlock’s jaw, the pressure behind it increases until Sherlock’s head is tipped back. He watches intently as John leans in, meeting Sherlock’s eyes as he looms over him, breathing the same air before tilting his head to the side.
Slowly. Shakingly.
“In my case, I was eleven,” Sherlock says, his hands almost steady again, but the images that flood his mind are everything that he's spent two decades training himself not to react to.
Another swipe over the come on Sherlock’s skin, then John’s fingers return to Sherlock’s mouth.
- ironic, absurd. He knows it isn’t a sign, he knows that nothing he does will either prevent or hasten the end of the world.
(It's what John had done.)
He gives Sherlock a few seconds to object.
It’s what makes it possible to continue like this, Sherlock knows, and that’s all there is to it. Or at least, that’s all there ought to be to it.
It's like fumbling through the dark, and he's sure to stumble any minute. He can feel it: the tingling in his palms and the sense of impending disaster in his gut.
People generally observe once single detail and draws conclusions from it without taking other aspects into consideration. Physics, sentiment or the ability to distinguish between different sorts of pain based on the motive behind it. It all becomes simplified in the eyes of others.
He needs to get on with the case. It's the only possibility. He sees patterns, and he used to fear the end of the world, but he can also be brilliant.
Sherlock merely nods, and if there are colors changing around them right now he doesn't notice - doesn't care - because they won't give him any answers anyway.
Oxazepam is not a solution to his problem.
“It’s not the game you fear - it’s being left out of it. You normally don’t mind me being miles ahead of you, because being well behind me is still being miles ahead of everyone else. But when someone else with a decent intellect and a modicum of imagination enters the board... then the importance of each piece in the game changes. The game is suddenly played with new rules, rules you have no access to. And you don’t like that, being reduced to playing the role of the spectator. You’re a man of action, and what you fear isn’t a dangerous game, no; it’s having to watch the game from the sideline. It makes you feel…
like a refraction
“No, about the-- about his plans.”
The current correlation between the two might prove a bit inconvenient if this is to continue for any length of time.
When Sherlock's finished talking - finished answering John's questions, finished watching as John sometimes tries to hide his astonishment and anger over all the things that Sherlock himself is past feeling anything about - he looks John straight in the eye, holding his gaze for a silent moment.
- to follow, but instead Sherlock’s mind is cluttered with images of things that have never happened and connections that don’t exist.
[   ]  = Not Applicable
(See the end of the chapter for
There’s a few seconds of silence, then John finds his words. His word.
With one more look towards doorway which John had just exited, Sherlock grabs a packet of biscuits and goes to find his laptop.
The sunglasses.
It burns.
Sherlock finds himself picking up his pace, his body feeling restless and full of energy.
Activation - organising, prioritising and activating to work
The words, he’s trying them out - it’s a decision he hadn’t given voice to before this.
“That can't be right,” the manager says, her shoulders squaring up as if in defence.
(It’s a choice.)
John is whispering, eagerly, from the doorway of the old office.
And now all these little tells are beginning to fuse into a vaguely familiar pattern. First there was the pulsing, sunset orange radiating -
After taking off his jacket, John slumps down, takes a large draught from the glass and tries not to look too uncomfortable.
The problem had begun at Baskerville.
“How do I…? Because you bloody keep brushing me off, clearly! And because you’re ‘married to your work’ and all that nonsense.”
“But you do?” he asks - words seems faster than inhibitory functions.
John regards him, lowering his fork to his plate.
“Is his kid really going to want to see him?” John asks after they’ve walked in silence for several minutes, the heavy traffic in the street almost drowning out his voice.
“Oh, shut up.”
(Unforeseen even to himself.)
“You’re a chemist. Or, you are on your way to becoming a chemist. And I see that you’re also a proper genius according to the childhood evaluations,” she says, flipping through her notes in a battered pad.
Still.
(It doesn’t matter.)
Sherlock is in the middle of rummaging through the papers on the desk in search of a couple of notes he’s sure he must have put with the others, if he could only recall where--
(Or takes, depending on how Sherlock chooses to define it.
. Is it about being too eager (hardly a problem), about being too dominant (definitely not a problem) or related to some amorphous concern regarding Sherlock's inexperience (the reason that’d be deemed as relevant remains unclear, but Sherlock is aware that some people would consider it important)?
There's a chase and John's blood is pounding in his veins and he’s repeating the number of the cab’s plate to himself. John's not sure if he's chasing the cab or the thrill, but it turns out that it doesn't matter. After the chase they return to the Baker Street flat, and it only takes one look at Sherlock to realise that the rush is just as important as the case itself. And when there's a knock on the door and their laughter is interrupted by John's cane being returned to him, he knows that he won't be needing it any time soon. He’ll lean on having his dinners interrupted and his adrenaline flowing for now.
In Sherlock's brain, synapses are suddenly firing at almost their normal velocity, and another pattern emerges: crimes are not boring, and solving them is potentially dangerous. And Sherlock never feels more alive than he does when he's just one misstep from death.
Sherlock’s voice still a bit unsteady as he redistributes his weight until he’s no longer supporting himself with his hands, but instead half-sitting, half-leaning against the table behind him. With his now free hands, he smoothes out his lapels and adjusts the cuffs of his shirt, and he gets a faint relief of internal tension from the familiar and almost compulsive gestures.
It's just as he's hanging up his coat that Sherlock's phone suddenly goes off, the sound of a woman's moan breaking the silence.
Sherlock had been right. It's about jealousy of sorts. John is nothing if not possessive about certain things, and clearly that extends beyond romantic entanglements, then. When it comes to actual, living people, John wants Sherlock's focus to be on him and not--
Sherlock can’t help staring at John, because of all things he might have expected to come out of this conversation - an outlet for John’s anger after having felt left out yesterday, more poking at Sherlock’s sexuality and perhaps even a scolding for getting drugged (even though that was hardly Sherlock’s fault) - this is not it at all.
“Deptford Green, yes, at 11 am,” he confirms.
The tension hits him instantly.
- and hesitates -
John is perfectly still for a few seconds, furrowing his brow slightly, then looking away a fraction of a second before determinedly meeting Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock thinks of a firm hand around his wrist and insinuating words in a rough, unyielding voice.
The words seem to have the intended effect; John’s mouth falls open for just a second, and then he shuts it again, clearly deeply uncomfortable.
Sherlock is careful not to clench his fist as he thinks about it, instead biting the inside of his cheek to ground himself against the flare of anger that travels through his body.
But he'd been right - there had been others. On his screen, he could read about a woman in Brighton who had left for a week alone in Budapest, and never returned. The police had discovered that she hadn't even boarded her flight. But what had struck him was a comment from the woman's friend - that he'd been greatly surprised to see her Facebook update about leaving for Budapest, since she had been known to object to the current political situation in Hungary and would, according to the friend, never have supported the country by going there on vacation.
I haven’t included much about John’s background in this story, but I think I’ve implied that he’s had a chaotic or abusive upbringing. This is rather common amongst people with identity disturbances, because being in an unstable environment where your actions will cause different reactions from your surroundings on different days makes it much harder to predict others’ reactions and form a sense of identity based on how others’ respond to you.
The symptoms are usually dramatic, happen “overnight and out of the blue,” and can include motor and/or vocal tics, obsessions, and/or compulsions. In addition to these symptoms, children may also become moody or irritable, experience anxiety attacks, or show concerns about separating from parents or loved ones.
Defeated, deflated.
There’s definitely tension in the air, almost as visible as the colors that surround them. But John doesn’t move, doesn’t take a step towards Sherlock, and Sherlock isn’t sure if this is his cue or if he’s been too vague in his invitation a few seconds ago, and John simply doesn’t get it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, should I tell her that?”
With movements that are far too well-coordinated for someone who's voice sounds like he's only just woke up, Sherlock places a half empty coffee cup on the edge of the bathtub and quickly proceeds to pull his t-shirt off before leaning down to wash his face in the basin, bumping into John and forcing him to step aside in the process.
“You’ve managed before. Multiple times, I’ve been informed.”
He seats himself on the edge of the table, resting his feet on the chair in front of him.
“Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock does not lack feelings, but he does lack understanding of them. Popular psychology will tell you what a brain like his does with feelings it cannot comprehend.”
His body has been utilised for sexual pleasures since he was ten years old, although at times during his early youth, these pleasures were mixed with a persistent, burning sense of shame over his own ineluctable urges. The body - his body - is a sexual object, even in his own eyes. There has never been any innocence to lose, as if Sherlock ever believed in innocence in the first place.
“No.”
It feels familiar, safe.
(“You can’t always have it all, Sherlock,” his mother had frequently told him, and Sherlock sometimes wonders if she has any idea of just how many things he learnt early on that he will likely never have.)
encircling his wrists, nylon rope forcing his cuffed arms up against the top of the door frame.
John rubs his hand over his face, his eyes scanning the crowded room for the lanky, histrionic git that John had almost worked up the guts to introduce as his boyfriend in case anyone would ask. No one had asked, and considering how the evening had turned out, that was probably for the best.
And he's been slipping, has been feeling the edge of greyness, has felt the pull of--
) name.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had been a stupid indulgence anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
Seeing Sherlock tense up from the sound of John opening the bottle of lube is nothing but a thrill. John knows thrills; they’re what he’s secretly aspired his whole life. And the thought of putting lubrication on his cock instead of his fingers and letting himself come there is enough to make his stomach make complicated movements of anticipation.
The damage is instant and irreversible.
A minute easing of pressure.
He should have seen this coming. After all, Helena had been one of the first people in his life to recognise the underlying potential of the way he regarded the world and drew his conclusions. With hindsight, Sherlock could see that this was probably the reason she kept seeing him even after he was no longer a pediatric patient and she was no longer allowed to practise medicine. A mutually beneficial bending of the rules.
He’s grown used to his obsessions being merely background noise - something he can drown out when he really needs to - but now they’re no longer in the background; they’re  in the forefront of his mind and he can’t seem to ever really drown them out.
“The point is that you’re a ‘former’ addict who’s taking fucking narcotics.”
Sherlock's own hand is drifting down, pressing over his sternum in passing, the soreness still lingering and so easily evoked.
“Yes, I’m gay,” he says again, attempting to clarify. “I just fail to see how that matters.”
“You said I'm better at deducing inclinations than motives for murder, but I'm still not sure about your motive for wanting… this,” John clarifies, his voice measured and calm.
As Mycroft closes the door behind him Sherlock slumps back down on the bed, his pulse still beating in his ears and the familiar pressure behind his sternum. It’s not a risk - it’s
“What scientific terminology will she use for ‘git’, ‘giant prick’ and ‘muppet’?”
If you're a freak you might as well be a good-looking one, and Sherlock does so like the way he looks now. Additionally, the initial glances and the occasional flirting (that usually end abruptly as soon as Sherlock utters more than a few syllables) that he now recieves from all genders are not entirely… unpleasant.
; John’s pleased when he thinks that Sherlock is acting like…
“You like to think it doesn't bother you. While I applaud your aspirations, I’d rather not risk anything. Your companionship is… valuable to me. And to the work.”
A minute and a half ago, John had breathlessly slumped down onto the mattress, feeling it shift seconds later as Sherlock let go of the headboard and landed on his belly, his knees no longer supporting him.
Their previous physical encounter -
“So how were you made aware of the threat against… ‘Lot’?”
Sherlock's primary emotional reactions have also included shame and guilt (over what he wants and how he wants it and over 'imposing' his sexuality on John), anger (same reason as John, but additional frustration over finding himself in a situation that is seemingly similar to the one with Samuel), self-loathing (there's really a lot of that in this verse) and panic.
“Chemically speaking, there might be similarities.”
) pressure from his own arms around his legs leads to release of oxytocin into his blood. Decreasing stress - or distress? The whole thing’s a biological phenomenon, not an emotional one. There’s pictures in his head that he can’t suppress, but the thoughts are worse. Helena once talked about those thoughts as nightmares. While they might appear in his head they are still not ‘his’. They aren’t dangerous, but they will gnaw on him.
The case had been too easy and the rush never culminated, something which always leaves Sherlock with a grey, dull feeling deep in his gut. John is demonstratively not talking to him, and normally, that’d be annoying, but right now, Sherlock finds that John's anger feels far more genuine (and therefore less disturbing) than the behaviours in which John has engaged himself in over the past few days.
(It doesn't matter -
(unsent message:)
One of John’s hands leaves the curls and shifts down the side of Sherlock’s neck. Just for a second, it flattens out, pressing its palm over his Adam’s apple and trachea before it resumes its path down the sternum. Sherlock takes a sharp intake of breath, and John’s hand leaves his chest to work on the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. Hips are bucking up without his conscious mind's permission, and John will perhaps never know what that seemingly innocent lingering over the trachea does to his friend.
“It’s not just about… this,” Sherlock says, with a gesture that’s meant to  indicate whatever it is that is between them, but probably comes off as more exasperated than informative.
“What?” Sherlock snaps out almost before he's got the door fully open to reveal his brother, standing outside the door to 221B with a bland expression.
John is restless.
Sherlock wonders if this is a conscious decision on John's part, like his own appearance - body newly showered and dressed in fresh pyjama but his hair still a tangled mess, a bit flat on his left temple. Visual reminders, he knows, evokes very vivid memories. And no matter what happened or what he thinks about it, he wants John to be reminded that it had happened.
“No pain?”
One more minute to allow himself to gather some inspiration for when he'll rub one out in the shower later, then John'll be on his way. One more minute to consider whether or not the woman would prefer lying down or if she'd rather be sitting on the edge of the hotel room arm chair, leaning back and watching the man who's on his knees in front of her,
The breath against his neck is picking up. John's words are almost spoken against his pulse, lips not quite touching the skin over his carotid artery.
Flicking his nails more rapidly, he braces himself.
(Parts of it, at any rate.)
It doesn’t start with love, low serotonin or obsessive thoughts. Those are the consequences, not the catalyst. The catalyst, it would seem, is a Rubik's cube.
“Alright. I can see how you would totally try going off them from one day to another, then, any and all medical advice aside. Not that you need to be any fucking faster, but why do I even try arguing with that? So. You have had OCD since you were eleven years old?”
“According to… a researcher,” Sherlock starts, not knowing how else to describe Helena without mentioning things like ‘psychiatric institution’, “there's an off-chance it's not
He feels a bit like an animal - taken from behind while a hand is strokes his cock to keep him from running away. His arse in the air and his face still pressed firmly against the pillow except for when he needs to come up for air, shifting his face slightly to the side to free his nose and mouth.
Sherlock’s voice breaks in, and it takes John a second to catch on. No.
, it’s not--)
Wanting John closer, but not wanting to tip the power balance, Sherlock’s hands simply stroke John’s back without any leading pressure. It’s a frail balance. Too little response and John might find him impassive. Too much of his own initiative and John might think he wants this to be some sort of mutual taking and giving. Sherlock wants no such thing. He wants invasion and he doesn’t want to give anything that John isn’t willing to take from him.
His fingers sore from hours of playing the violin, Sherlock barely feel the keys beneath his fingertips as he types on his laptop.
and he’d almost lost the entirety of his mind.
Sherlock gives up on the article he’d been reading, putting the paper down and forcing himself to meet John’s gaze.
This assumption has since then been replaced with other theories due to numerous research break throughs, and as a result of this changes have been made in the terminology and the naming of the diagnoses.
“Up,” John says insistently, and Sherlock realises that John’s unfastened his trousers and is now pushing at his hips, trying to make him lift them so that John can pull the trousers down.
Sherlock closes his eyes as he waits for the silence to become long enough to be read as the answer it is.
“Really, Sherlock? You decided to discontinue the one aid that’s kept you above the surface of your own mind? And you decided to do so without even consulting Dr Martell?”
- but the tightness around Sherlock’s chest eased within minutes of taking the two pills. It’s not pharmacokinetically possible for the pills to have an effect before they have a chance to dissolve and be taken up into his bloodstream, and even then it will take a while for the chemicals to reach the concentration needed in order to have any significant influence. Yet Sherlock found the effect to be almost instantaneous.
. And
He’d offered John to hurt him. To cause him pain. Make him take it.
Three points of contact.
Sherlock’s words almost falters, because at first, he thinks it’s a determined grip, a way to physically drag him to the door and towards the case, but then the almost tender movement of John’s thumb registers, and Sherlock tries very hard to just keep talking, to ignore it all, because they don’t do
John -
Penny calls insists on calling Helena "the guru of psychiatrically-endorsed nihilism". I insist on finding this rather complimentary.
Sherlock looks at him, his eyes narrowing in concentration. It's a beautiful expression, and catching a glimpse of it here, amongst dirty test tubes and awkward conversations, makes John's stomach flutter.
- nods.
Balance of probability.
“Genius needs an audience, and you are my favored audience since you will find my deductions extraordinary regardless of the situation.”
What we see in the first part of this chapter is Sherlock’s compensation in both the traditional sense (the definition from last chapter) and the broader sense (using different abilities to make up for certain difficulties).
Sherlock waits for another twenty minutes before entering the flat.
Therefore, I wrote 4000 words on this one instead, because that's how things goes when one makes plans.
“A common hypothesis would be that my serotonin levels are below average. At age 11, this resulted in me developing certain fixed ideas.”
“Sandwich. Tuna.”
Cocaine, Sherlock thinks as he returns to the kitchen with the pills, would do wonders for his serotonin levels.
to him, is far too similar to
So much for not thinking about it, then.
“And it’s bothering you? I-- I make you uncomfortable.”
Vibration outside of himself is better than vibration inside his skin, but it's still intrusive and it still forces him to break his train of thought. It’s not really a train, though, it’s more like the paths in the village north of Dhaka where Sherlock once trailed down a drug lord. The heat in addition to the smells and the cacophony of sound and movement provided so many stimuli that he - who can see the road map of London as a mental blueprint when he closes his eyes - got lost.
His own finger is absently pressing against his own lips, and it's an absurd gesture, because his lips won't feel any different after kissing. (Sherlock knows, because he made the same gesture after their first… kiss.).
“Should I order some lunch?”
This has the potential to disrupt things. At the very least, it is likely to cause John to start reflecting on the manner in which he describes Sherlock in that blog of his, but it could also have other, more momentous consequences on their relationship, and on the easy-going, jaunty air between them that Sherlock's even allowed himself to habituate to.
John’s pillow doesn’t smell like John -
Sherlock turns the tap off, picking up one of the clamps - a plastic claw hair clip - and regards it with a frown.
Loyalty. Bravery.
(Doubtless.)
“...right, yeah. I-- Yeah."
His stomach coils and there’s a sudden loss of breath. His eyes are fixed on John and his mind is in a state of slight panic from impact of those six words.
Action over fear.
In the midst of sensations, of bodies pressing against one another and the pain of having the edge of a doorframe pressed into his back, Sherlock loses all conscious focus on the movements of his mouth. The kissing becomes more instinctive as his attention is instead directed toward the sensation of a hand roaming over his back, and then the kissing stops all together as John’s mouth leaves Sherlock’s to trace down Sherlock’s neck, leaving a trail of rapidly cooling saliva behind and causing shivers as teeth scrape lightly against warm skin.
“Yes,” she says, eyes flicking downwards for a second. “I know the risks, but I couldn’t do it any other way. Not allowing them to say goodbye would have been...”
(Such data would be far easier to compare--)
“You’re right; that, what you just said, could be the very definition of self-destructive behavior.”
“That's not-- Christ, Sherlock.”
John’s voice is no longer making sense -
Sherlock shivers at the loss of John’s body on top of his, cold air filling the space where John had just been, but John gets to his feet next to him, and Sherlock scrambles to get his t-shirt and pyjama bottoms off without leaving the sofa, watching John getting his own clothes off as well.
, despite his newly found conviction about the logic behind such action. Instead, he settles for three of his recently purchased Alprazolam, swallowed down with cold tea and self-loathing, letting them mix with the barely contained feeling of impending disaster that has taken up permanent residence in his midriff.
As he starts rummaging frantically through his bag for a clean shirt and wondering if there’s a point in taking a shower beforehand (
His voice holds none of the steadiness such a statement ought to, instead it holds the conflict he feels as he utter the words.
- mind since the beginning of the case.
“I was hoping you’d go deeper,” John says, echoing Sherlock's own words and tone of voice from their first crime scene.
“Sherlock, if you were trying to argue that whatever happened between us was fully consensual, then I think we need to ensure that we’re both have the same--”
(Hunger. Hunger for food is a need Sherlock has control over. This kind of hunger, he never saw the point of controlling. It was always his to indulge. Something must be his to indulge.)
Compensation in this chapter:
“Now?” John says, still confused over seeing Sherlock there, amongst his co-workers in a stale and noisy pub. Sherlock's never come to the clinic when John had worked there, he’d always simply sent a text demanding John’s presence at whatever crime scene he was currently heading to. John reaches for his phone and checks the screen for missed texts, but there are none. He looks back at Sherlock.
no - does not seem like an option. There's nothing to come home to. Just the reminders of his own--
They’re speaking in one-word sentences, not meeting each other’s gaze and Sherlock’s throat is still slightly sore from before. John is scratching his neck the way he only does when he’s trying not to be uncomfortable and while none of this is exactly ‘intimate’, it’s still a shift from the stiff air of remorse and poor impulse control on previous occasions.
Assessing the situation quickly before deciding on his next move, Sherlock gives John a look that manages to stop John in his track just as he’s about to back off both physically and mentally.
? - him to approach something almost foreign but surprisingly familiar. The want.
. Sherlock wonders what John would say if he knew that that used to be a common paraphrase for a homosexual individual. Mycroft has an affinity for old films, and he had frequently used phrases he'd picked up there to mock Sherlock when they were younger. It had taken years for Sherlock to figure out the wherein the “joke” of calling Sherlock
The air is growing more and more compact in 221B, charged with all the things they don’t talk about.
Imagining what they must look like from the outside: like an old, affectionate couple (no, worse; like Sherlock's own parents), Sherlock fights the urge to cringe beneath John's hand.
Lifting the pile of papers, Sherlock can see that he was right. A piece of plastic in two different shades of grey, as big as a lighter is hidden underneath.
Sherlock downs three Oxazepam -
- and it pains him that she’s still able to read him. That he’s predictable, that he follows the doubtful logic that the science of psychology relies on.
It still burns and it isn’t the least bit pleasurable. Not even the thoughts of how this must look like from the outside or the notion of just how much John is invading him, taking him and using him helps.
Mycroft nods, slowly, then nods again before he turns towards the side-table, picking up a manila folder.
[   ]  M = Maybe
(Would it look any different seen through John’s eyes?)
Which, in turn, is more than a bit unsettling.
“Oh, how clever of you,” Selma says, now with a tone in her voice that makes John worry. “Since we’re on the subject of things that people object to having pointed out, have you mentioned to John that the reason that you were in such a hurry to leave the pub was because you were panicking over the whole thing; the conversations, the noise, all the people that John knows that you don’t, and the fear that you might say something wrong in front of them? You don’t like to come off as insecure, but you are, aren’t you? Don’t worry, we all are.”
There’s no perfection or completeness in his conclusions. Helena would arch her eyebrows and look at him the way she did when she wanted to say ‘I really thought you were smarter than that, dear’ for performing these rituals, but Sherlock eventually found that externalising them made them more conscious and less invasive than performing them inside his mind. Externalising them at least left his mind more free to work on other things.
- Sherlock is surprised to find that he is currently both thinking rather coherent thoughts and feeling a hint of something that’s not entirely unpleasant. Unfortunately, John is most likely smiling because he feels an obligation to be kind to the mentally deficient.
It’s hard not to feel just a bit resentful during moments like these, John thinks, adjusting his ruffled hair and trying to get his brain to connect what Sherlock just said to the case they’ve been working on for days.
John groans, drops his hand from his face and absently massages the - psychosomatic - pain in his thigh.
[   ]  = No
and for every
- drunk water -
This… frailty.
So far, this particular come down has been relatively mild, with no sensations of ants crawling under his skin, no arrhythmia nor any immediately overhanging threats of serious repercussions of any sort. In fact, this come down seems almost negligible so far compared to some of the others he’s experienced during his life.
Turning the skull on the mantle, allowing it to face the dim light of their kitchen rather than the more illuminated living room, Sherlock knows that he’s never really freed himself of rituals no matter what he might have been telling himself over the past eight years. He’s only integrated them, made them part of his daily routine. He loathes magical thinking, but he’s rationalised his rituals as routines that will appease the other defect of his neuroanatomy, the one he refuses to let anyone name.
Underneath him Sherlock is tense and John can see his fists clenched in the sheet. He knows that this is uncomfortable in the beginning, knows that from the few women that let him do this. He wants to make it easier, if for no other reason than the fact that he needs very much to move soon. He takes one of his hands from Sherlock’s hip and reaches down to stroke his cock; it’s still wet from precome and the lube that was on John’s hand when he stroked him just minutes ago.
It’s hard to determine which actions are caused by a lack of impulse control and which are just done in deliberate disregard for possible consequences. For me, the ‘regret’ is the decisive factor in this. Therefore it’s hard to tell which of the behaviours in the chapter that’s done out of lack of impulse control, but here’s my thoughts as I wrote it:
All my gratitude for those comments and discussions you've left here for me; it means a lot.
(The unpredictability, the additional sensory stimulation from another’s body, the psychological impact of the awareness that you're being observed, the inclusion of submissive elements, the verbal humiliation…
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
Sarah’s upset, but hiding it behind the strained kind of smile that comes with being a doctor and learning to take even the most annoying patients in her stride. John think that that's part of why he gets on so well with her; she's practical and not overly verbose, and at the end of shifts her humor turns darker as her expression becomes more resolute.
(Sherlock doesn't understand the concept of balance.)
At least this time, he isn't hard. The anger and frustration he'd first experienced had been replaced with a pain, but it had been a pain that was too intense to provoke any kind of... sexual response.
“It's not the same thing!”
John just isn't sure what it makes them.
and when the sun begins to rise, we’ll stay out
. Sherlock needs to focus, but he can hardly think for the mental image that suddenly flashes through his head.
This is a symptom that can be hard to describe, but I made one interpretation in this chapter, using "the vacuum" as a metaphor. I've met many people who describe something similar; a void, something lacking, not feeling whole by oneself, but needing something external to hold it all together. Some theories, including those of Martha Lineham (the mother of Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, which is commonly used with good results in lessening suffering and sometimes "curing" Borderline PD, eg. making so that not enough symptoms apply to grant a diagnosis) suggests that this could be because the person has been invalidated (not confirmed or accepted) in his or her temperament, behaviors and more, due to instability or turbulence around the individual during some of the most intense years of personality development. This, of course, is theory, and the theories also see tendencies to genetical components in this personality disorder, as well as a very high rate of psychiatric comorbidity. Many professionals would also argue that this isn't a disease; it's a uneven development of personality that causes maladaptive behaviors (that were once very useful, but don't work when one grows up) and suffering for the individual. This also means that the 'treatment' must focus on changing patterns of behavior, cognition (like the chronic self-blame one often sees) and emotional regulation, not on medication.
The queasy sensation in his stomach is starting to give way. He moves his legs a bit experimentally.
“Well, if there was anything remotely clever about the disappearance I wouldn't expect the Yard to pick up on it,” Sherlock retorts, feeling the slight movement against his arm that means John's suppressing a snicker.
John just shakes his head before finishing the area above his lip and finally rinsing the razor under the tap, watching Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as he starts to squeeze hair potion into his curls, his long fingers separating individual ringlets with practised precision.
“Then what is the point? You’re bothered by my behaviour. I’m merely addressing the issues.”
-purpose-
My thanks to pagimag, who paused in her own depraved writings to read and brainstorm my depravities, making sure that they were somewhat coherent and also supplied me with a little stack of very interesting scenarios for future reference...
[ ] M = Maybe
, the way John says it.
“Don't do that again. Don't shut me out or run off on me that way,” he whispers into Sherlock's ear. The words possess a certain sharpness.
And it's a fair question, and at the same time it isn't, because you don't have to have practical experience with something to know if it scares you or not.
But right now, something that doesn’t fit into any of these categories must have upset John, because as he and Sherlock are eating their breakfast, John hardly manages to finish half of his toast and his jaws clench and unclench whenever he thinks that Sherlock isn't watching him.
The Tyrian purple recedes, leaving the fading deep green to fight the now increasing khaki once more.
John, in turn, clears his throat.
Sherlock looks up, searching John's face for any underlying meaning.
The fingers are suddenly drawn from his mouth and replaced by John's mouth, and the difference in warmth, wetness and reciprocation is breathtaking. And John takes Sherlock's breath, holding it hostage as a saliva coated finger circles and pushes against his anus once more. But John isn't only taking; he’s also giving back, breathing into Sherlock’s mouth, which shouldn’t be possible, but obviously is, because John is doing it, and John is brilliant and Sherlock’s not so brilliant in this, but he’s more than willing to become.
In psychology, compensation is a strategy whereby one covers up, consciously or unconsciously, weaknesses, frustrations, desires, or feelings of inadequacy or incompetence in one life area through the gratification or (drive towards) excellence in another area. Compensation can cover up either real or imagined deficiencies and personal or physical inferiority. Positive compensations may help one to overcome one's difficulties. On the other hand, negative compensations do not, which results in a reinforced feeling of inferiority. There are two kinds of negative compensation:
. Just two different words for
is obsession, but he needs to hold it together, he needs to keep the obsessions apart, because if he doesn’t--
It could be the heat, the fever that left him just a couple of days ago or a foreboding of what’s to come, but it doesn’t matter; it won’t affect the outcome.
But he’s suddenly a little more aware of breathing  than he was just minutes ago, and Sherlock needs to breathe, so he leaves the room, leaves the dim, distant world of John and heads down the stairs, into the living room with its windows and its space and the worn carpet and he really needs to open a window, just one--
. It was taken -
“What makes you think that I would?”
As an afterthought, Sherlock stops to look at John, taking in his no doubt rumpled appearance, and for a second, a smile ghosts over his lips. Then, Sherlock gives John a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it wink, followed by his voice, still hurried, but now suddenly half an octave lower.
[   ]  = Maybe
It's a strange experience, having your own methods used against you. He’d provided her with all the information needed to reach this conclusion, and yet it’s surprising in a way, because Sherlock’s not used to anyone except Mycroft actually managing to deduce anything meaningful about him.
Sherlock does.
Saying the word that would make John withdraw his fingers is unthinkable, because Sherlock does know a challenge when he's presented with one, whether he understands the point of it or not. Questioning the way John's chosen to go about this isn’t an option either, because that would involve him actual talking, and Sherlock does not want John to think that this is somehow an effective way to get Sherlock to break his occasional spells of silence.
(He wants them to, though. Wants to press against, grind against, rut against--)
His arms folded across his chest, Sherlock leans against the doorframe, raising his eyebrows but trying not to imply he’s invested at a level beyond mild curiosity.
(And it’s nothing antipsychotics will treat. Not for lack of trying, thanks to the psychiatric establishment.)
As Sherlock enters the kitchen John is gathering the rubbish and recycling. He instantly looks up from where he's hunched besides the kitchen sink, chasing a bottle that's escaped the overfull plastic bag. It's odd; Sherlock's never before felt this exposed just because John is looking at him. Now he does. The sensation is  presumably due to the knowledge of what John now (thinks he) knows about Sherlock, but it's still an unexpected reaction which triggers an impulse to turn away from the blue-grey gaze of his friend. Uncomfortable sensations in palms and belly.
It's like dancing, and Sherlock has always found dancing to be the most tolerable of social interactions. It comes with steps and moves you can learn, a skill you can acquire and practice to perfection.
From this moment on, he will not let anything distract him from the task at hand.
“Is Lestrade waiting for us?” John asks as Sherlock comes close enough to hear him without risking that the others at the table will overhear.
Sherlock takes a breath, reviewing his options.
“Oh, that's far less complicated than in your case," Sherlock says, suddenly feeling compelled towards a cheerful honesty.
Of course Sherlock would experiment with touch as well as with everything else. No, what's surprising is
“Yes, there might be a few passages that are moderately outdated in that particular book,” Sherlock distractedly acknowledges.
He’ll just have to wait to find out if it’s possible to survive what they demand of him.
No. He urges himself not to think about that, not to think about pushing his fingers inside, feeling how tight it when he'll--
It's a well-established fact that John finds Sherlock’s grooming habits a bit obsessive, but what Sherlock hasn't been able to establish yet is whether John is “taking the piss” or if it would actually bother him to be involved with someone who might be regarded as…
“It's Sophia Sanders’. I can't access the encrypted messenger through any of her accounts.”
John doesn’t grant Sherlock a single gaze as he grabs his coat and pushes the door open, exiting the morgue with more force than necessary.
Colours grow both more marked and more painfully pale at the same time. Sherlock braces himself, diverting his eyes from the panorama of colours that will undoubtedly shift as he continues to speak.
as clears as if it had been written on his face, and Sherlock finds himself breaking his silence just to snap back at him.
(Dissolving- no;
It will pass shortly, but it's welcome for as long as it lasts.
A breath is let out, a breath is let in. It aches where John fucked into him. A throbbing, dull ache that seems to further decrease the pressure, grounding him in the body that sometimes feel so distant from his mind.
They aren't, however, what John wants, so it isn't how this will happen.
“Busy.”
“I told him nothing he couldn’t have worked out for himself if he weren’t too, let us say, preoccupied. The realisation would have come to him at some point, but it seemed better to force the issue than idle around waiting for disaster. Don’t worry, John, Sherlock is rarely able to stay away from anything he finds intriguing for more than a short amount of time. And I believe that’s all I have to say on the subject, so if you’ll excuse me…”
He will need time. Time to reevaluate so many events and conversations, time to observe the present ones. Assess and categorise and calculate.
He leaves the words there between them, one more tool for John to put to use. John looks at him with a thoughtful expression, then nods.
“I was eleven when it began. When I was seventeen I began taking the tricyclic antidepressants.”
Then, without any prelude, Sherlock feels John almost close enough to touch, and then the light from the fire is obscured by John leaning in in front of him. It’s a struggle not to flinch at the suddenness of it, and it’s not right that he misses the intention and the movement, but John is leaning closer, making Sherlock instinctively move backwards.
Partially covered by papers and folders, the colored plastic looks oddly out of place, and Sherlock shoves the notes aside to fully reveal it.
As he pushes himself up into a sitting position, swaying a bit before his blood pressure readjusts, Sherlock turns to look at John curious about what he might read in his face and unwilling to think about what his own face might look like at this moment.
A clever, not-boring, strategic woman who can take down assassins and who knows how to keep all her options open. She is indeed quite a remarkable person, and Sherlock can’t even be upset that she drugged him. Instead, he'd found himself inspecting the vivid bruises left on his arms by the riding crop as soon as he'd woken up this morning. The bruises sting and throb when he moves, and it’s really rather a fascinating sensation, as pain goes.
into something, a lump in his throat and finally: his half-hard cock.
Casting a glance at John, Sherlock can see that John is struggling to process the implications of this information while simultaneously trying to come up with an answer.
“That is very much not the point here, Sherlock. I don’t know why-- I shouldn’t have said that, I didn’t mean anything. Look, it just slipped out, OK?” John says, voice steady, but something is there just below the surface. Something that suggests that Sherlock should instantly drop the the issue. “Now drop it. Don’t try to change the fucking subject.”
"I never insisted that you explain every time you ran off without a word or ignored me for days. But now. I asked one thing of you. One thing. I need to know if you are taking narcotics.” John’s voice escalates into a near-shout.  “Which I think, considering the fact that you’re a freaking drug addict, is not too much to ask!”
With that, John takes a step closer towards Sherlock, who is forced to angle his head even further backwards in order to keep looking at John.
Turning his head until half his face is pressed against John’s side, Sherlock can still sense the expectant silence as well as the way his muscles want brace for a blow.
It's ludicrous, standing a few feet back from the window, watching John making his way towards the tube station on Baker Street, his steps hurried to make up for having left the flat later than usual.
“Look at me,” John urges, his tone now clear.
His interpretation of the pattern of John’s expressions is proved to be correct a few hours later, when Sherlock finds a Rubik’s cube nestled in between the cushions of the sofa. Another one of John’s attempts at keeping Sherlock’s brain from rotting out of pure boredom, then. It’s part of a game John started a few months ago. Whenever Sherlock’s bored more than a few days, odd little puzzles and riddles show up in different locations in the apartment. Mostly they’re too pedestrian for Sherlock to even consider, and the jigsaw puzzles tend to get him rather obsessive, so John had to get rid of those. Now John’s got him this visual-spatial puzzle. The colors of it are too sharp to Sherlock’s eyes as he holds it up to look at it.
“Your legs, Sherlock. That’s why. Not on.”
John asks him questions about the phone call from Lestrade and Sherlock answers, but his attention is still on the sky outside the cab window. He’s trying to follow the lines of white smoke from the silver bird, but the car roof and the high buildings that surround them are obscuring the view. He can’t see the aeroplane or the smoke pattern, but he’s trying - he’s not avoiding - so it counts. The rational thing to do, according to several studies, is to attempt not to follow the compulsion, but Sherlock can’t afford that kind of exposure right now; not when there’s a case that will need his full attention.
(It's more.)
Laura, who's sitting on John’s leftt side, gives him that look of respect that he’s grown used to the last two weeks. She's the youngest of the doctors on staff and has been following John for a few shifts the past weeks. Her habit of telling him exactly how impressed she is by his precision and speed after each patient he’s treated showed no signs of declining after the first shift and her praises often leave John both delighted and a bit unsure as to how he should answer. John finds himself wondering if that's how Sherlock feels every time John can’t contain his ‘amazing’ after Sherlock's deductions.
Before things has a chance to get even more out of hand, John turns to Selma.
After one more hour has passed, John is bored of everything there is to do online. He doesn't have the concentration required to write up the case - which could probably be written in a way that would make it interesting even if it wasn’t interesting by his and Sherlock’s standards - but is not relaxed enough to watch a movie or just browse the internet. He needs to do something. He needs to act. Being scared is always preferable to being in the silence of the nothingness inside his head.
When John comes, adding to the wetness of their stomachs, Sherlock’s not yet close to coming himself. It’s strange, rutting against John, who’s clearly trying not to sag down too much against Sherlock, but to hold his muscles flexed to offer Sherlock friction and something solid to rub himself against. He tries, for a minute, to get himself close, but it’s not working, he’s too aware and too present and it feels too much like this is about him.
- and this is not how Sherlock holds himself when he's about to tear something apart.
For some reason, it's no longer quite as fine after that.
“I’m sorry- I just wondered why Mr Michaels would assume–”
The conclusion to be drawn is obvious:
Finally; this is perhaps just as much a chapter on denial and projection as on impulse control issues, if you look at John’s thought on his own impulse control...
His random Google searches must have been less random than he thought, given that he's looking at a list of results for ‘non-sexual submission’.
(--but it is, because chemistry doesn’t lie, it just manifests itself through different reactions and this is all it is and--)
John swallows. His cock stirs, reacting to the image presented, and John wants Sherlock just like that. Wants him held down and-- but right now, Sherlock is standing in front of him and John hasn’t got the first idea about what there is in Sherlock’s room that could be used to tie Sherlock up or how he'd even manage to get them into Sherlock’s room. And perhaps he needs this to happen here after all, in their kitchen with the light flooding in through the thin curtains and nothing to obscure.
When he gets home, he locks himself in his room. “Psychiatry To-Day’ seems somewhat promising, until Sherlock opens it and notices that the book was printed in 1952. Thinking that the human brain certainly couldn’t have developed in any significant way in three decades, he continues to read.
(Sherlock is not only stuck, he’s taking John down with him.)
in his voice, and it makes the colors around him paler.
“I got a hunch. It’s just one of those things you notice - or think that you notice - that you can’t really explain, I think. And then there’s the jealousy.” Selma bit her lip and grinned, clearly enjoying this subject way too much.
Sherlock looks at John, at his body, at all the bare skin and imperfections and curious contradictions in front of him, and then John is stepping closer. For a moment, the question of whether Sherlock's expected to take a hint from their relative positions - if he's expected to fellate John here and now - races through his mind, but John leans his head down, and Sherlock's lips instantly come to meet John's, a slow, determined kind of pressure that soon becomes more demanding. Sherlock imagines that, for once, John can feel the internal pressure the same way Sherlock does, because while Sherlock’s brain might be wired wrong, there's nothing biologically freakish about him.
It’s like slaying dragons, all over again, but he’s not being amazing right now, so he feels less entitled to what he want to claim. John deserves someone who can at least see real patterns as well as delusive ones, and right now, Sherlock isn’t sure that he’ll ever will be able to do so.
Empty.
Self-medication according to Wikipedia:
“To gruesome locum work,” she says smiling, her tongue barely visible as she sticks in his direction.
(‘Not gay’. Yes,
“I’m perfectly aware of what I am, and in the event that I wasn’t, I know you’d make sure to instantly remind me of just how you see me. It was always your trump card, wasn’t it? It didn’t matter that I outplayed you every now and then, because at the end of the day I would always be the one whose mind was inherently deficient. Compared to a brother who’d been locked away in a madhouse, you would always be unquestionably sane. How fortunate for you that you could go on with your little quirks without causing any concern.”
“But Sherlock, that's-”
It's tiresome, this whole business of categorising people based on their sexuality.
, and he might as well eat, might as well keep John company and help him stay awake. It will be easier once John leaves for the clinic. It must be. No one to hold himself together for, on one--)
This chapter has warnings in the end note.
It's hateful to be beaten at his own game, but there's also something quite brilliant in being beaten in this particular way.
He rests against the wall in the sliding doors between the morgue and the corridor outside, breathing heavily, his hands clenched into fists. The impulse to smash his fist into the white wall behind him is almost maddening. He won’t, however, because that's not who he is. Not anymore. Instead, he tries desperately to hate Sherlock a bit more.
John tenses up momentarily as he hears Sherlock’s steps hastily approaching the bedroom, and manages to cover himself with the cold, damp sheet before the door is flung open.
“No.”
“Put that aside,” Sherlock instructs, indicating the laptop in John's lap. “I need you to go down to the Yard and pick up someone else’s laptop for me.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock groans, momentarily side-tracking John’s thoughts, causing a shiver down John's spine.
“We could have just walked, you know,” John says as they walk to the cab waiting outside 221B.
He stared at her for a few seconds, noticing that she had started to feel a bit uncomfortable, but not looking away. Sherlock had begun to look away more and more frequently.
His hands are beginning to feel sweaty and John puts his phone aside, surprised to realise he's still holding it.
dirty
“So you are actually letting her do it, then?” John doesn’t even attempt to conceal the surprise in his voice.
“How... How do you know?”
-fist-
The most widely self-medicated substances are over-the-counter drugs and dietary supplements. The psychology of self-medicating with psychoactive drugs is typically within the specific context of using recreational drugs, alcohol, comfort food,and other forms of behavior to alleviate symptoms of mental distress, stress and anxiety, including mental illnesses and/or psychological trauma, is particularly unique and can serve as a serious detriment to physical and mental health if motivated by addictive mechanisms.
92 -  but his posture remaining stoic.
That conversation Sherlock does remember, because John finding the worn copy of Psychiatry To-Day on the shelf next to the window reminded Sherlock to put his other books on the subject away amongst some of the other things he keeps in an old cupboard in his own room. The easiest way to avoid questions you have no particular desire to answer to is not to give rise to them in the first place, after all.
Mycroft’s been thorough, but two Oxy tablets, hidden inside a capsule inside a shampoo bottle, have survived even Mycroft’s scrutiny. Sherlock feels the weight of them on his palm, firmly clutching the only remainder of his stash.
“Do you not want to do this?” John asks after a few seconds of very heavy silence.
“‘Tangelo orange’?”
“Sherlock! I never thought I'd find you here, after all that's happened. How are you?”
Images.
He opens his mouth, about to say something, but nothing emerges, so he settles for another nod before he leaves the kitchen.
He shrugs, as blasé as he can manage when held by the nape and hair by a short flatmate whilst his cock is half-erect.
Sherlock's shirt is pushed off his shoulders, getting stuck between his back and the wall behind it, leaving his arms trapped in the sleeves. John doesn't make a move to help him out of it; instead Sherlock finds his hips pushed back against the wall as he attempts to dislodge himself from the garment. John is breathing heavily against Sherlock's clavicle, and then there are fingers unfastening his trousers, and it's an odd sensation; his arms trapped and his body more and more exposed.
A slight nod, then nothing more.
It’s not John’s fault that Sherlock can’t tell reality from delusion.
- dis
There'd been forms and interviews - mostly with his parents, at first, seeing how Sherlock himself wasn't a particularly willing source of information - and there'd been patterns to the questions asked, patterns which Sherlock observed and pieced together with some help of a textbook on child psychiatry in his school's library after hours.
John's voice is incredulous
- and flipped restlessly on his bed. He also fell into a light slumber until he was woken by the vibration-
“Busy?”
“Why would my son want to see me?” Steven asks, defeated, like all the air’s gone out of him.
“Ta, found them last night, though it took some time,” John says, voice equally neutral. “Figured I’d need them if I was to talk to you.”
Symmetrical response despite lack of symmetrical stimulation.
- outside of himself.
by Bright Eyes -
“No, you didn’t,” John says with a snort, apparently further amused by this. “Nope. I think even my mediocre powers of observation would allow me to notice if you’d somehow fallen asleep mid-conversation. In fact, you sounded rather put out by the whole orange thing.”
Therefore, he knows that John is going to initiate an encounter several hours before it actually happens.
“You don't object to any of the rest of it, then?” Sherlock says, trying not to look too pleased as his words clearly had the intended effect; confirming part of John's motivation and also making John feel a bit... protective on Sherlock's behalf.
“Yeah, ‘oh’ indeed,” John says, letting out yet another sigh, and steps further into the room. “Sorry. That was uncalled for. I know you’re trying. Just. It would have helped to know that it had nothing to do with me, that you just happened to become even more of an arsehole the day after we… well.”
John’s voice is careful, thoughtful.
“No,” Sherlock simply says, but the word comes out sounding more like a question than actual denial.
It’s not the grey skies - no, this is almost sunlight and it cuts right into his retinas, making it impossible to keep his eyes open. Blinking heavily, Sherlock forces himself to squint in order to make his way towards the edge of the pavement, waving for a cab while John follows just a few steps behind.
If his head hadn’t already been pounding, it would probably would have started to do so somewhere around now. Instead Sherlock feels how the fever-like sensation in his skin comes in surges, leaving him with chills. Beside him John is busy with his phone -
The group is soon involved in other subjects which John has a hard time following, as they are discussing former colleagues, recurrent patients and inside jokes. Besides him, Selma joins in with a few words every now and then, but he can feel her restlessness even when he doesn’t look at her.
Met with Sherlock's continued silence and apparent focus on the laptop, John takes a hesitant step into the room. He's seldom been further in than a step or two, as he’s always sensed that Sherlock's bedroom is private in a way few other things between them are. Now he takes another step, and it's hard for Sherlock not to look up, assessing the situation.
It also seems like he won’t be able to either confirm or rule out any of these disorders, as the interpretation of the criteria blatantly fails to take his superior intellect and his lifelong ability to temporarily adjust or mask some of his issues into account.
It will also, Sherlock knows, be far more effective in terms of temporary alteration of brain chemistry if he is mindful of its every sensation.
“Political activism and religion. Demonstrations against segregation and the weapons industry, hiding refugees; that kind of radical. Certainly not something Mum and Dad would approve of, judging by the political groups they have liked on their Facebook.”
Keep walking.
“There you have it. I make a living by observing patterns that others miss, but now you know that I also see patterns that only exist in my own head, and that I have doubts about my ability to tell them apart, and then there’s the additional doubts about everything that I might think I know. Not quite what you had in mind when you decided to make an exception to your--”
Before the lorazepam hits his system, Sherlock's hand falls to his chest, and before he’s embedded in a drug-induced haze, he almost thinks that he can feel his chest expand under his palm.
The thought isn’t in the least tempting, but compared to the thought of being alone with his thoughts, it suddenly doesn’t seem lilke such a bad option. He instinctively wants to be alone, but he knows himself well enough to know that it isn’t a good idea in situations like this. He needs the distraction from himself, otherwise he'll end up starting a fight in some alley or run-down bar just to get it out of his system. With Selma, he’d have to hold himself together.
“Alright.”
His awkward, half-lying position is pushing his ribs against the sharp edge of the table, and while Sherlock can't see John, John must be able to see every flinch on Sherlock's face as pain forces him to clench his jaw to keep from making any sound.
It seems like what they've started has a negative effect on John's ability to endure Sherlock's shifts, causing him to respond with shifts of his own.
With a last cutting remark, Sherlock turns on his heel, picking up his gloves from the table on the way out and shuts the door between him and the now somewhat deflated ego of the uniformed, overconfident muppet calling himself a police.
"I..."
“Oh, yes. Like few others.”
the idea that Sherlock began experiencing an increase in his synesthesia after quitting the Clomipramine was not based on any clinical data or research when I wrote it in to the story over a year ago, but was merely something I put in because it felt like it made sense in order to show the shift of intensity in his perceptions, but recently I read about synesthesia in the (frankly fascinating) book “The Tell-Tale Brain”, and it was actually mentioned that some people experience a decrease or even complete lack of synesthetic manifestations when they start on antidepressants, suggesting that serotonin might in fact be involved in synaesthesia.
, still
“So I repeat my question; have you tried to kill yourself before?”
Certain categories, such as sleeping disorders, eating disorders and anxiety disorders do seem to have some merit, but none of those strike him as what the DSM calls ‘the primary diagnosis’. They are more likely secondary to another disorder, as they in themselves fail to account for most of the areas in which he suspects there might be… issues.
“Alright,” John says. His voice entirely lacks the concealed excitement that would usually be present when they’re on their way out and his gun is tucked into the waistband of his trousers, but he’s not refusing.
[   ]  = I don't know
He's on a case and John is at the clinic, and for once that discrepancy isn't simply a tedious inconvenience.
your footsteps on the tarmac echoing from yet another loss
that will be visible enough for John to follow. The sheer amount of other patterns and obsessions in his head renders every attempt to follow one single thought from beginning to end impossible, and he needs to follow this through, needs to do this one thing to invite--
A weight off his chest, in some ways.
(It helps. Just like cocaine and nicotine and dopamine. Endorphins help.)
Lastly; the way Sherlock used deliberate self-harm as a way to 'regain control' or 'ground himself' might be functional, technically speaking, but there are more aspects to it than that. Dangers, social stigma, the closeness to suicidal behaviour (not in all cases, but statistically speaking), unwillingness to form other strategies to deal with whatever it is one deals with by harming oneself and much more. I've been working with patients with self-harming behaviour for four years, and what my patients have certainly showed me is that it is very much possible to find less harmful ways to deal with what feels unbearable, but also that self-harm per se is very rarely the problem in itself. It's the reasons behind that need adressing.
“Oh, splendid, you remember. Then perhaps you also remember that I’m married to my work, and what interests me about Irene Adler is therefor unlikely to have anything to do with her genitals.”
The sensation is… overwhelming. It releases so much and simultaneously builds up even more tension. There are more sounds escaping him but he’s past caring. The hand withdraws and it’s a struggle not to let some very different sounds escape at that loss.
(See the end of the chapter for
John is no expert on these matters, but he's pretty sure that that's not exactly how this is supposed to work. Still, he doesn't have a better suggestion.
Because while body hair is something that society at large contributes to being male, the removal of said hair is something that’s seen as a decidedly female activity.
John presses his lips harder against Sherlock's and Sherlock returns the pressure. John’s head tilts just a bit, Sherlock's tilts just a bit to the other side. A brush of lips for a brush of lips, a stroke of the hand against his nape for a stroke of Sherlock's hand against John's side.
There are several things Sherlock could say to that, but this is a minefield, because he is aware of the truth behind what is said. And Sherlock can bypass that fact just to argue with his brother, but there's a pressure building up, and there are some things Sherlock is not willing to do in front of Mycroft. One of those things is providing visible proof of just how much a slave to his compulsions Sherlock really is.
“Should I keep my mouth shut about it, or should I ask?” Selma inquires after he’s set down their glasses on the small table in the half-empty pub they’d found down the street.
With a groan, Sherlock comes with the mental image of John - not the lover, but the military man - on his mind.
“I want you to use your hands.”
He lets his hair grow out, letting curls fall artfully onto his forehead, expecting at least a cutting remark but the only thing he receives is an increased amount of appreciative looks, from both men and women.
“I might have been a bit…
“Could you define ‘low to moderate pain’?”
Pale. Ocean green. Khaki. Grey.
He would rather not have a body to care for, because it is a nuisance at times, having to keep it fed and rested and all other things he don't see the point of, but now that he's stuck with this body, he might as well make the best of it. John will occasionally tease him for his ‘extravagant potions’, will poke fun at his well-kept nails  (‘seriously, are you having your nails done?’), but until now, Sherlock had thought that those things might be possible to write off as yet another eccentricity, or perhaps a result of his ‘haphazard pedantry’.
“Beta. She’ll have a look at the laptop if I drop it off at her place.”
“Bring your gun.”
His left hand, however, is resting on the empty space on the seat between them.
It takes determination to make himself look away from the ceiling -
The come down is always a nuisance.
“I should be used to it by now. Clearly, I’m not. Let’s talk about something else. But first; I’m sorry over… well, all of it. I shouldn’t have dragged you along, I didn’t realise that he was in such a nasty mood, or I’d never have asked.”
- weighed against the continued disintegration of his life. It should be an easy choice.
Sherlock looks at John, sitting opposite of him, his sandwich untouched on the side-table next to him, balanced on a stack of paper. A minute frown, then his face is once again unreadable.
Oxazepam - a benzodiazepine (a group of narcotics) known as Serex in UK. Anti anxiety medication with potential for addiction. Sometimes temporarily used to lessen the initial side-effects of starting on antidepressants (which is often increased severity of the original symptoms; anxiety and depressive thoughts). When getting off antidepressants abruptly, the same phenomenon might occur, and often even more intensely.
His own hands. Tactile indulgence. The worn fabric of John's cardigan, the shift of muscles underneath it, the sharp tips of his newly-cut hair, the scapula underneath Sherlock's hand, moving as John's hands move on Sherlock's body. His hands slow down as the kiss does, because there's something awkward in letting your hand rummage restlessly over someone else's body when the movements of your mouths are no longer just as hungry.
Sherlock’s intestines seems to be making very advanced attempts at leaving his body and John seems determined not to pick up on any signals that Sherlock doesn’t want to talk at the moment. Meanwhile, Sherlock’s looking out for more silver birds, but there are none to be seen, which is almost worse than if there had been one -
“That means your worries about me being compromised or in an unfit state to advance this… relationship clearly do not apply.”
“How would you know?”
Sherlock has never been sure how to define anxiety, and therefore he's never been certain of whether or not he's experienced it.
“Don't break your toys. I know it's not intentional, just like it wasn’t that time with the model railway… but you will always ignore the safety instructions.”
“It didn’t make her ‘more charitable’. Whatever it was, it changed her entire outlook on life,” Sherlock absently corrects, because this part is not new. Still, he’s curious about where John’s going with this.
It burns.
in the first glimpse of light in I’ve had in days, and
Sherlock Holmes is a man who lives for solving puzzles and noticing patterns. Anything that jeopardizes that ability needs to be eliminated.
That makes sense in relation to John’s personality, so much so that Sherlock feels appalled at himself not to have thought that through. He nods again, once more attempting to leave the room, but this time he stops himself. It’s against his every impulse, he wants to distance himself from John in order to make up for what he is, but John doesn’t want that, so he ought not to. Instead, he finds some words to say.
Moving about his day, Sherlock occasionally lets his fingers stroke slowly over the tender skin covering his sternum, reawakening the pain that lingers beneath the bruised skin.
she also said, her tone motherly at the time.
Steven looks down at the basket of ketchup and pepper on the table.
It's what people do.
There’s a middle-aged woman who calls herself Marvel who could perhaps be persuaded into attempting to find further connections, and given that his other option is…
John spells out the last two words, makes a point of making them sound almost like the whip had when it hit Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock could say something, because he hadn’t liked the beating one bit, it had been more overt violence than subtle power play, but it hadn’t been boring either and so--
Their eyes meet, and the khaki swallows some of the peaceful pumpkin orange that had surrounded John.
Sherlock scoffs and John smiles, head turned away.
It makes sense, suddenly.
“No. Not in that sense, at least. We seem to be somewhat compatible in this, which is the only reason you know about any of my inclinations.”
“I'm promised Mrs Hudson I'd take her to buy a new cordless today. She didn't trust me to do it on my own, she said. I guess you're not coming?”
“Talking? We just talked, were you not here?” Sherlock looks at John, and as always, John finds it almost impossible to tell how much of the petulance that is just Sherlock’s usual histrionics and how much is actual annoyance.
All the buttons now undone, John's fingers trail from Sherlock's waistband and move slowly up his chest, across his sternum, and ghosting over his pulse point before they stroke his cheek and finally tug at his hair.
And not just the pain.
After all, fields which Sherlock considers as ‘scientific’ are those that have from time to time been able to provide him with some at least moderately useful answers of a fairly definitive and consistent nature.
Pills. Alcohol. And it keeps getting worse.
John clears his throat, and Sherlock takes the hint and backs off just a bit.
“Well, that concludes it,” Selma announces. “John Watson, you no longer have any right to claim not to be addicted to adrenaline.”
, in every sense.)
It's what emerged as I finally began writing.
He’s about to close the bathroom cabinet after having retrieved his toothpaste when the box of Clomipramine on the second shelf catches his eye.
- no; he excelled. Sherlock's highly advanced system for categorizing people's words, tells and body language has not only given him the opportunity to level with them, it makes it possible for him to rise above it all. Usually, that is an advantage that goes to prove that intellectual capacity trumps deficient neurology. Right now, all his structures are in disarray and his reading of others is filtered through a membrane of interrupting patterns and chemical impact. Therefore he doubts that he’ll be objective in his measuring of the damage done in regards to John.
And when it comes to Sherlock’s compensation… well; let it be said that next chapter will be Compensation part II, because there were quite a few things to be said on that subject...
Sherlock had wanted -
John doesn’t wait more than a few seconds for the answer that he must realise won’t come. Instead he sighs, heading into the kitchen. His footsteps are effective -
“One doesn’t have to have experienced every possible compromised state to know the signs.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Now betad by the lovely iriswallpaper!
His thoughts are muddled, his head is pounding and he has a queasy feeling that’s exaggerated by every shift of the train. Things are blurry for a while, but after an hour, he manages to collect himself a bit as the effect of what he’s taken continues to wear off.
The word “paradoxical” also seems to be an apt description of Sherlock’s post-orgasmic reactions.
“Have something you need to say, Sherlock?”
But there’s no tremor in his hands as he closes the bathroom door behind him. There’s no increase in the pressure that had threaten to make him snap, lash out and maladapt just minutes ago. As he turns the lock on the door, Sherlock doesn’t find himself craving a release.
It was a functional way to keep anything else from bleeding out of him, he used to think. A simple matter of utilising the natural chemical reactions in the brain to his advantage.
The scenario she mentioned a few weeks earlier when we talked about this story has taken a slightly new form, but the idea remains the same.
“You should know by now that my brother doesn't know everything, and I certainly thought you'd learned not to pay attention to anything he says.”
The way this shirt doesn’t strain over his chest or accentuate his narrow waist makes him look a bit broader and more toned, giving the illusion of a normal build rather than the sinewy silhouette his usual way of dressing effectively highlights.
“...and it says here that she had no reason to be on that bus. She had been planning to go to another seminar before she went home to her cousin, but the cousin hadn’t heard anything about…”
It hadn’t been the alcoholic sister, nor John’s father, who’d died when John was overseas. No, it had begun earlier, John’s need to compensate. It made sense now, and Sherlock enjoyed this part; scanning through all the interactions between John and other people that Sherlock had found noteworthy and in need of further examination and trying to see in which situations this new knowledge could serve as a key to understanding.
When Sherlock leaves the overheated church hall a while later, he’s at a loss for where to go. All he’d known, as he said goodbye to Sophia while his pulse was hammering in his head, was that he needed to get out, get
For a few seconds, they stay like that. Then John’s grip on Sherlock’s hair shifts until Sherlock’s spine is no longer forced to arch backwards to accommodate, and Sherlock allows himself to fully slump onto the table.
Sherlock manages to hail a cab quickly this time. Left side, left foot, right foot, left foot. Three taps.
(If it had been he who-- would he have--)
“Never mind,” he says after a few seconds, getting ready to put on his coat.
Item on the checklist that’s illustrated; “
“Coming from someone who is ashamed over the fact that she sees herself as a more qualified and competent professional than most of the people she works with; that point about ‘feeling superior’ doesn’t say much. And you blame your failure in social situations on some sort of poorly substantiated diagnosis from childhood of attention deficits, which makes you feel as you are rejected for something that’s out of your control rather than for your actual personality, so yes; I guess it takes one to know one. Now; do shut up.”
Yes. I do. And this is controversial, but here's my reasoning;
“Obviously.”
Because it is a risk. This could make John panic and leave, it could reveal things about himself that he rather not have out in the open, it could-- so many things.
His head pounding slightly from leaning over the side of the bed, Sherlock scrambles for his phone where he spots it halfway under the nightstand. He recalls nothing before the sudden sound of his phone meeting the wooden floor, but he must have reached for it, still half asleep, and accidentally pushed it off the table.
in exchange for permission to run tests on you and write up a psychiatric case study?”
That doesn't mean that he'd like anyone to see it. When it came to doctors, Sherlock had always pretended that he was keen on his integrity, hence refusing to disrobe, and his wishes had been respected, but then there had been a miscalculation, and when you're a junkie nearly dying from an overdose in a too brightly lit hospital, no one will pay you that courtesy.
But there are other battlefields than those of foreign countries.
“Fucking piece of--” John mutters to himself, and whatever he’d been about to say would probably not even rank in the top ten worst things he’s ever called Sherlock, which is pretty impressive considering that they’ve only been sleeping together for two months.
Unfortunately, Sherlock can't tell John this, because doing so would mean revealing the difference in motive between the two. And Sherlock is more than well-aware that others - not even John - find his motives for most anything acceptable, so he tends to keep such things to himself, storing them neatly in the structure of his mind, knowing that they're there and that they're untangled and labelled and understood, if only ever by Sherlock himself.
“Why?”
. He ought to experience the weight of what John now knows and might interpret about his mental abilities like ‘dread’, like the threat of Silver Birds and pale horses. Instead he feels something he can’t (
Sherlock doesn’t believe him. His mind is filled with the possible consequences of this and John’s words can’t override all that tumult.
After several hours of research on his laptop, Sherlock has finally found what seems to be the most likely cause of his problem. The cause is in itself something that Sherlock needed at the time in order to correct certain other problems. While it was indeed necessary at the time, Sherlock now finds that controlling a problem by reducing its negative effects is not the same thing as eliminating the problem. The solution he used to amend the problems actually made his knowledge about the width and the extent of the problems less exact, and Sherlock loathes things that are imprecise. And besides; he is much more equipped to deal with those problems now. He doesn’t need a problem covering up the original problems. The original problems are of an intellectual sort, and there is nothing wrong with his intellect, even if his executive functions seems to be slightly affected, but that is the reason that this elimination of the problem is vital.
Above him, John lets out something that sounds like a hoarse version of chuckle.
“It happened later. For Sophia and the others.”
“It matters what you want, even if you don’t want to want it. It’s still… part of what you– of who you are.”
After three and a half hours of Sherlock not destroying property or seriously insulting John, but instead seemingly pulling himself apart from the inside from the look of it, John has had enough and goes up to his room. He brings his laptop and Sherlock’s headphones with him as he goes.
“It was never my intention to tempt you into some form of addiction, as you are well aware,” Mycroft finally says.
What must it be like, Sherlock wonders with his fingers pressed together beneath his chin, to have your mental state written out in every step you take, your body betraying your mind in the most palpable way?
The scrape of the chair against the floor -
Tracing the scars with his finger, Sherlock attempts to imagine what John sees when he looks at this part of him.
“Thought not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-clear-
His belt is being unfastened, his zipper pulled down, and is Sherlock meant to help with this, show his interest and urgency by disrobing John the way John has mostly disrobed him? But no; John stands a bit too far away, and it seems to be deliberate.
His brain is still adjusting to lacking the additional serotonin from the cocaine and now the receptors all seem to be waiting for some free serotonin to bind to them, but his own production of the neurotransmitter will not return to its usual levels for months, perhaps even longer.
On top of that, John seems to be somewhat unsettled by his and Sherlock's last…
It's two days after the unfortunate discussion of infliction of pain in a sexual context, and John looks up at him from where he’s seated, and Sherlock’s impressed over the way John manages to make it sound almost as casual.
“First. Do you want me to stop?”
Sherlock nods vaguely towards the kitchen counter where the kettle is still warm and three boxes of tea are slumped around it.
He’s 27 years old, busy inventing his own job and he’s finally found his perfect drug.
The most important of the two is a retest of his observations of pair bonding during physical proximity.
In the end, perhaps some things are possible not only to get used to, but also to accept or even embrace.
from the packet in his cabinet and there are 26 left that are yet to be
With that, John turns and walks over to the kitchen, leaving Sherlock to follow him.
Hating Sherlock is too closely related to how he feels about himself, he realises after a few minutes. The urge to smash that white, scuffed hospital wall is now borderline uncontrolable. To force himself out of it, he heads out to the corridor, realising too late that Selma might still be out there.
Not necessarily better, but certainly easier.
. Sherlock doesn’t have to look to know that John has an air of purple around him. Deep, but not saturated.
The morning light floods through the windows and Sherlock wants to close the curtains, to cover his ears, but he does neither.
Three steps are all it takes, then John is
There'd been kissing; fumbling, tender, intense and then downright desperate kissing. Now there is this; the unexpected intimacy of physical proximity without the urgency of kissing.
and if your mind is set on her
“Your brother implied that you--”
“The Clomipramine,” John says slowly.
“Don’t apologize to me, I’m sure it was more uncomfortable to John,” Sherlock says absently, inspecting the soles of the victim's feet.
[ ] N = No
Sherlock can hear the sound of his own heartbeat, but nothing else. It should feel like clarity, but it lacks every edge.
The criminal network had been searching for Lot, and Sophia’s loved ones were pawns to be used against her to make her tell them where Lot could be found. They had done this time and again, after working out who had helped their original target to escape and assume a new identity. Two of Sophia’s colleagues had already been forced to give up information or have their loved ones pay the price. Sophia, along with a few other activists, had chosen to disappear instead. She had given up everything for the sake of a near-stranger who she had once decided to help without knowing what that would cost.
Beside him, John is once again occupied on his phone.
“What’s your area of expertise, then?” Matthew asks, dragging his chair closer to the others around John before reaching out his hand towards John’s company. “I’m Matthew, by the way.”
Horses.
“What about you?”
Fingers running through the curls at his nape and... nothing more. He can't see the hand or the person who's currently causing a shiver in his body and a feeling in his gut that is not completely comfortable. Still. It makes the almost unbearable noise of unanswered questions quiet down just a bit.
[ ] M = Maybe
Sitting down at the table, Sherlock finds this fact to be equally unsettling and distracting. There’s something flizzing slightly in his abdomen as his gaze flicks to John’s lips, and Sherlock has felt that tongue against his own. Has felt that body closer to his own, and knows how the pressure of John’s hands feels against his nape, wonders how it would feel if that hand had pressed harder, more forcefully, if it had--
from him without any pharmacological assistance?”
(Now is not the time to be greedy. It's enough that John's colors are once again right.)
Finding himself bereft of John's mouth for a second, Sherlock has time to panic before John is pushing him back a bit, until his shoulders hit the wall behind him, steadying them both. Then, after a quick meeting of their eyes, the wet-warm pressure is back, and John is pushing into his mouth, fingers pulling slightly at Sherlock's hair and what Sherlock saw in those eyes before the kissing resumed--
(Release of dopamine, testosterone and endorphins. Blood flow redirecting itself to fill up erectile tissue. Activation of the sympathetic nervous system. Understandable, predictable reactions.
Sherlock answers with a single glance, one that hopefully communicates that
“Unusual patterns of speaking or rambling is not uncommon in schizotypal personality disorder.”
“Can you bring my glass?”
And yet.
Trigger warnings for drug use/use of prescription drugs in a way not prescribed; in drug self-medicational purpose. Depressive thoughts.
It’s a dramatic exit, one that Sherlock would usually be at least mildly conciliated by, but right now, all he can think is that perhaps silk dressing gowns are just a bit too…
“...but I reckon you’re not interested in those details. Should I ask Lestrade about the report on the disappearance?”
). It’s dizzying, and while refusing to let Sherlock get what he wants instantly, John is soon pushing himself into that mouth with more force than he’s ever done with anyone before.
It takes self-control not to avert his gaze when John continues to look at him for several seconds. It takes even more self-control not to make a sound as John moves closer, pushing Sherlock’s chair slightly further away from the desk and inserting himself between Sherlock’s knees and the edge of the desk. His head is still tilted back and John’s hands are still steady as his friend towers up in front of him. There’s a question somewhere in this, but Sherlock is not quite sure what the question might be, so he allows himself to remain still and silent as he focuses on holding John’s gaze.
Once he can establish whether the pills have had sufficient effect on his brain chemistry he’ll be facing what he’s been avoiding - coward, child, cracked - and take back some of the control he’s lost.
I didn't manage, in the end, but you will always know I intended to, Penny.
There hasn't been a case for over a week - at least not for John, who was working when Sherlock solved the disappointing five that had at first seemed like a seven - and John is starting to truly despise his job at the clinic for all that it reminds him of just how far from his previous adrenaline-filled use of his skills he's ended up.
John’s psychosomatic limp is slightly better than it was two days ago, but Sherlock can still hear it in the way he moves.
On the three last words, Sherlock’s voice gets a biting edge which doubtlessly makes the air quotes look even more childish.
He makes no sound apart from the enhanced breathing, used from childhood to keep his quiet during these explorations of himself, but the sound of his hand still working in and out of his arsehole, until the overstimulation becomes too much and he finds himself cringing away from it, is still loud enough to fill up the room.
he’s fucking).
(This - the simple act of talking about…
A knock on the door, and Sherlock trades a couple of folded bills for five blister packs. There's a spite in that -
denied a shadow, given truths
Sherlock won’t give him that satisfaction. Instead, Sherlock will give himself away.
Working his way through each and every diagnosis in the categories that he’s deemed ‘possible’, a most annoying pattern emerges.
words - and begin to focus on verbalising what’s happening to you.”
“So; virgin White Russian?” he said, surprised at her answer for several reasons.
The simple statement breaks the silence, and John looks up from his phone, a moment's confusion before his face betrays something far more complex.
Sherlock frowns at his phone, at the dictionaries and their inadequate descriptions of something so common, something many people do - something many people claim to
Positioned cross-legged on his unmade bed, Sherlock massages his temples before giving in to the impulse to silently curse.
And there’s suddenly air between them, suddenly a loosening of the grip on his nape and his hair and he finds himself lead by a grip on his arm.
“When you suggested I come to the other side of the world to meet your old friends, I suppose I thought we had a good thing going, but that was just me reading too much into it, wasn't it?”
(Inviting? Offering?)
And when John begins to move more and more intently - and then lets go of Sherlock’s cock after a few minutes - it does feel alright. The thought about what they’re doing is more arousing than the actual sensation, but Sherlock is used to that feeling by now.
John’s voice is slightly hesitant, bringing up something that he’s not sure that he ought to pay any attention to.
It takes only two and a half seconds, but then John is angling his head and pressing back, into the kiss.
But perhaps Sophia promised herself to something else? Another kind of revelation. Another kind of reaction.
He had a few whiskeys in the dingy little bar before asking the bartender for ‘Emilia’. Drinking them in quick succession, he tried not to feel the others’ eyes on him. He doesn’t belong here, and he’s just as aware of it as the others are. Their loudness was been in stark contrast to his own silence, but inside his head, there’d been enough static and haze to drown out everything else.
“Hands,” John says slowly, clearly refusing to let Sherlock’s objections to repetitiveness stop him from doing this his own way, “are more direct, more personal.”
“Mild to moderate’,” Sherlock automatically corrects, not certain why he's even allowing this discussion to continue, seeing how the previous one had--
Hidden under all the possible implications of John’s words lies a fact that Sherlock’s been long been aware of but that he’s never found relevant to examine more closely; the fact that John is not as straight as he himself would like to believe. It had been a simple deduction, one Sherlock had made within the first few days of their companionship, based on seemingly trivial observations of John’s more or less subconscious behaviours. It doesn't matter, because whether or not John has any bisexual tendencies, it's clear to Sherlock that they are either deeply repressed, subconscious or something he's made a conscious decision not to act upon. It hadn't seemed important at the time, but given recent events, it'll be something that Sherlock will need to take into account.
Here; have some executive dysfunction and some... almost not dysfunctional porn.
“I didn't, but you just confirmed it,” says Sherlock, resting his hands on the back of the chair he's just vacated.
John just stares at him, now in total disbelief.
Case closed and a group of youngsters cleared of any accusations of pulling increasingly dangerous pranks, when it had in fact been a younger relative to their client who had wanted to drive the older man from his home, Sherlock and John are both slightly twitchy from the under stimulating case and the lack of high that usually follows the resolving of a case.
“Still I… tell me if I'm overstepping here but… have you ever wanted to?”
It's impractical to supply people with further ammunition when you're already a walking target.
“Alright. Finally; any limits?”
Some days, he manages not react to the thoughts and images that occasionally flood his mind with all the things he does not want to see. Today is not one of those days.
“I’ll wait outside, the air in here is…” Selma breaks in, waving a hand in front of her face in a way that doesn’t really make the lie more believable. No one comments, and she takes her bag from the floor by the wall and heads for the door.
As he gets up from the tub, wrapping himself in a towel, Sherlock looks at himself in the foggy mirror as he proceeds to shave, put on lotion and fix his hair.
Sherlock doesn’t look up from the body. After a second he continues his inspection of it, mechanical movements and automatic deductions.
(A strange duality; when it comes to the physical manifestations of John's suffering Sherlock finds that he’s often both the cause and the cure.)
John might be able to withstand far more than any sane man ever would in this - whatever this is - but having to watch the man he’s perhaps in some kind of sexual or romantic entanglement with putting on deoderant and brush his teeth is apparently where John draws the line.
His trousers are somewhere around his knees and his erect penis is in John's hand, the hand that’s moving up and down, up and down, slowly, testing. There’s a groan next to his ear, and another erect penis is pressing - no;
Without warning, John forcefully jerks his hand down without letting go of Sherlock’s hair. The sound Sherlock lets out as he’s janked down to his knees is the single most satisfying sound John has heard from him in days. Instinctive, unschooled, raw; pain transcribed by vocal cords.
“Quite,” Sherlock agrees.
Teeth moving down his his neck, scraping skin - alternating the breaking of subcutaneous blood vessels with the almost-breaking of the skin covering his spine.
“But then I wouldn't want it,” Sherlock blurts out in his typical deadpan way. He seems to regret it the second he says it, but he's unable to do anything about it except to attempt to explain. “It's not-- it wouldn't work if you did it out of-”
‘A miscalculation’ or ‘an accident’ is what they call it, and Sherlock never bothers to correct them. Being perceived as imprecise is frustrating, but being seen as mentally unstable is most likely worse.
In real situations, it turns out not to be quite as simple.
(A mirroring of his medicated self. He's still capable of that for short durations of time.)
. This can not. Be happening.
“Lot”, as it turns out, is a twenty-two-year old woman named Tina who has almost completed her rehabilitation programme at Rushfordshire Clinic. She started drinking at age twelve, and by the age of seventeen she’d developed an addiction to several street drugs, the file in clinic’s office had supplied. After the initial hassle of her being terrified by the two strange men who woke her up in the middle of the night, she was eventually convinced - mostly thanks to John's patient explanations, Sherlock admits - that they were not out to reveal her former identity to anyone else.
Wikipedia defines "intrusive thoughts" as follows:
(Enjoyable.)
“You could have just answered, you know. It wouldn't hurt you to say some things instead of waiting for me to figure them out.”
The pressure increases until his body accepts the intrusion and John’s finger enters his body. Sherlock’s done this before, but only to himself. The unpredictability of someone else’s hands adds a thrill that could never be transferred to the act of doing this to himself. He forces himself not to give in to the tension, not to falter in rhythm in his own strokes on John. His own cock is aching, and he might be rutting with his hips into the air when he’s not aware enough to control his own movements.
“Now what?” John asks restlessly as they go out onto the street, finding his keys to their front door.
“You know.
On PANDAS:
“I think she might have had, yes. Not impossible.”
[   ] M = Maybe
John's hands are resting flat against his own thighs, and he can feel the texture of worn denim against his palms.
Unlike war zones in different countries, your own mind isn’t something you can ever leave behind.
“Why do you assume that I have an agenda?”
A gust of air makes him shiver slightly, makes him want to wrap his dressing gown closer around himself. He doesn’t. Instead, he ignores John, at least physically, because acknowledging him might encourage him to continue talking about the subject, and Sherlock wants to do no such thing.
This is not the push-pull or give-take of their mouths and lips that John hadn't even allowed himself to fully consider until just half an hour ago, when their faces had met, slowly, the angle all wrong and the timing strange but sensation soon making all those details peripheral. No, this isn't like that at all.
Sherlock interrupts himself, because there it is; one answer to two questions, one of which he hasn’t even spoken out loud.
“No,” Sherlock breathes, “it wasn't. Don't be an idiot.”
is not something they talk about.
“How did you get all these?” John wonders, clearly ignoring Sherlock’s peevishness. “‘A Beginner’s Guide to Airsports’? And this… ‘Psychiatry To-Day’. I mean, ‘To-Day’? It’s from… 1952!”
For a second, it’s John lying there on the floor.
“So what does this mean?” John calls out after, traces of khaki and lime green mixing with the dark blue and pulsing red -
It's just endorphins, Sherlock knows. It's just the effect of the endorphins that's making his hands just a bit unsteady as he picks up his violin to give himself something to do while he sorts all the new information.
It might not be the best long-term solution to the problem, but as with all these things, it seems Sherlock will simply have to live to see.
“Who?” Selma asks.
Opening his laptop once he’s returned safely to his room, Sherlock sees a notification about a message from Beta.
It’s an offering, but perhaps John reads it as yet another accusation, and once again, it might actually be both in equal measure.
“Sherlock, I’m not talking about s--”
It’s a fierce glow of ember beneath his skin, a tingle traveling up his forearms as his pulse increases and his mind’s eye is flooded with fragments of fantasies of what could be--
“That… is not generally a psychotic disorder,” John says, as if trying the words out, making Sherlock wince.
It wasn't only the details of the current case that had led him to the conclusion that Sophia wasn't missing, but hiding. There had been other cases, cases that hadn't been his but that he'd read about in the papers and routinely stored away in his Mind Palace for reference. But he hadn't been able to access those articles, because entering his Mind Palace meant entering a place where memories were kept, and there were things there that he needed not to remember in too much detail right now. Patterns that could reconnect in his brain once more, replacing what little logic he had left with more delusional obsessions.
“Possibly a schizotypal personality disorder. Judging by the state of her books on the topics of clairvoyance and spirits, these interests are not recent, but date back at least two decades. The older photos on the south wall of the living room suggests that she had somewhat of an unusual personality even as a child, which is consistent with a personality disorder rather than schizophrenia, which typically manifests when someone is in their early twenties.”
Denim against bare skin and tongue muscle against tongue muscle. The dual sensation of being both relaxed from the pressure of someone else’s body on yours and at the same time being tense from the arousal it causes. It’s opposites and contradictions, just like everything about the two of them seems to be.
John blinks, gathering himself.
Regardless of their usefulness in terms of inflicting pain, the associations they might evoke in John, given their more customary use, would not in any way be advantageous.
This is not what Mycroft had intended when he brought Sherlock the pills. A victory of sorts, but it doesn’t quite feel like a feat right now, because Sherlock is wrapping his dressing gown tighter around himself as he curls up on the sofa, the leather bitingly cold against his bare feet, and he’s not counting anything, just registering and moving.
“He did, now, did he? Then tell me, how do you plan to conceal the more striking manifestations of
Borderline personality disorder (BPD) (called emotionally unstable personality disorder, emotional intensity disorder, or borderline type in the ICD-10) is a cluster-B personality disorder, the essential feature of which is a pattern of marked impulsivity and instability of affects, interpersonal relationships and self image. The pattern is present by early adulthood and occurs across a variety of situations and contexts.
This is no caress. It’s an exploration of the physical manifestations of Sherlock’s submission to him.
“I was high.”
John’s masturbated this morning. Sherlock can feel the faint smell of semen as he passes John on his way to the sink, where he reluctantly starts cleaning one the mugs.
It's something he would never ask, something he can never tell--
“Alright, then. I’ll just order. You want anything?”
The rupture keeps expanding, Sherlock thinks, sliding his finger over the four day old welts left by Irene’s riding crop, before absently encircling his own wrist with his other hand. It’s like a ghost of John’s grip three hours earlier, and that is one of the things they do not talk about.
John’s hand doesn’t waver, his focus absolute as he continues to aim at the man who has now backed a few feet away from him. The other man starts to work his way up to his feet while his gun remains pointed at John’s chest.
Irene. Text.
“You were wrong about what you so delicately call my ‘state of obsession’. Regarding both its cause and its nature.’
Closing the lid of his laptop, Sherlock allows his own fingers to continue from the point where John left off.
Sherlock can sense his orgasm as it builds, and it feels just the same as it always does as it coils up inside of him, only this time, the body pressed against his own isn't imaginatory. This time, his orgasm hits him just as he feels an odd wet sensation spreading over his abdomen, and it isn't until he's finished - after frantically grinding up against John's now rather heavy body without any kind of rhythm - that he realises that John must have come too.
Of course he'd heard John come up from behind. There simply wouldn’t be any point in turning around only to confirm what he already know. So he hadn't. But he hadn't known. Hadn't known that John wasn't just gonna address him with some predictable question about food. Hadn't known that a hand on your neck can be both so uncomfortable and light in touch while simultaneously fixing all his focus into one single point of contact.
Leaving the New Scotland Yard to go find one of his own contacts in the retail business to hopefully get some actually useful information about the case, Sherlock finds himself cursing the fact that the case in question had turned out to be merely a five, and not a seven like it had initially seemed like.
All hateful things.
John doesn't really look at him, and keeps pacing beside him as he holds the glasses within Sherlock’s reach. Sherlock returns the favour of not talking by accepting the glasses without a word or any attempt to meet John's eyes. Careful not to let skin touch skin -
As Sherlock closes his bedroom door behind him, there’s no longer a discarded packet of Oxazepam on the floor next to his wardrobe.
“So you took them?”
Somehow, it makes him realise there's a chance he might get to live to regret telling John certain details of his psychopathology. Long enough for them to become something that John will sometimes use to make fun of him when he thinks Sherlock is being more of an arse than usual.
A second too late, Sherlock realises that what he’s said might be possible to interpret in quite different way than he’d meant it. Or, rather; that it might have come out a bit too close to what he’d actually meant.
Sherlock exhales, allowing the pain to fully register before he pushes the plunger, sending the clear liquid into his bloodstream.
Sherlock knows what love is. Chemically.
[   ]  Y = Yes
The look on John’s face as their eyes meet again is almost defiant.
(A pattern that allows for improvisation.)
Having John holding him still while towering over him and invading (there’s no other word, it’s a war of sorts) his mouth is unexpected. Sherlock loves unexpected things. And the way John takes control gives Sherlock almost complete discharge from liability.
John squirms a bit on his seat, feeling himself respond to the thought of long fingers hesitantly pushing her panties aside.
Around him, nothing changes.
“Enough to release endorphins, not enough to cause permanent damage.”
It’s a physiological response, nothing more, nothing less. A combination of lactic acid, hyperventilation and tachycardia, all due to the strain on his muscles and his body’s autonomic response to pain.
Sherlock briefly finds himself wondering if this particular circumstance will in any way affect the direction their current arrangement will take.
(Needing things to be balanced out, needing the imperfect symmetry of their relationship to add up to--)
And this is better, he knows as he lets the water run in the sink for thirteen seconds before filling a glass and taking three slow sips. He can’t make this go away right now, but at the moment he can control how much of it will leak out and become visible.
“So…” Sherlock says after a minute of silence. “I think that a fair conclusion would be that whatever you want to do to me is fine by me unless I say otherwise, and that you only do things to me which you yourself find… enjoyable.”
Sherlock is not sure about the terminology. He’s not even quite sure what he’s asking, and John looks equally confused as he forms his own half-question.
“Why would I do that to him?”
“Do what?” John asks, and Sherlock knows that John has understood what this is all about, but is willfully playing ignorant.
During the first few minutes of silence, Sherlock’s mind is racing with the possibilities, with the implications and the anticipation of knowing - yet not really
Sherlock fervently hopes that they're talking about the silence.
Sherlock's feet are steady on the railing, but one single misstep and there'd be nothing between him and the stream below.
“Psychotherapy?” For a split second, Sherlock can see the surprise on Mycroft’s face, before the mask of determination returns. “And you can’t try that alongside the medication? You have to jeopardize everything you’ve built up these past few years? You might recall what it was like when you were seventeen, but I doubt you remember your early twenties as clearly as I do, given that you were constantly high as a kite. Do you realise what a relapse now could mean?”
“Oh, just one more thing before we leave you to it. Do you happen to have any sunglasses with you? I forgot to bring mine. Just in case we need to go and see…”
The reactions had seemed much more manageable once Sherlock had confirmed the underlying, chemical cause behind them.
. Cortisol must have numbed the pain perception.
He doesn’t get an immediate answer, and while he’s packed what he thought was enough pills in his bag, he’s already taken too many, but he needs to sleep, needs desperately to sleep so that he will not think, and right now he doesn’t care about the consequences of any action that cannot even theoretically hurt anyone but himself and so he grabs his coat and leaves all the mirrors behind to find something that will stop him from reflecting.
Sherlock could point out that recent studies suggest antidepressant withdrawal might in fact be a significantly longer process than previously assumed. He could tell his brother that it might be too early to draw any conclusions about what effect quitting the Clomipramine might have on his cognitive abilities. He could insist that there are other factors to take into consideration as well-- but it would be pointless. This  isn’t about the pharmacology of antidepressants.
PANDAS is short for Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections. A child may be diagnosed with PANDAS when:
Sherlock disguises himself as sexless - and he is, in a way, because there is no (partnered) sex in his life - and John disguises himself as easy-going - which he isn’t, not really, he only happens to have a high threshold for things that are morbid, dangerous or unexpected, and so people assume that he’s a friendly, accepting chap, since he survives both living and working with Sherlock.
When the taxi drops them off outside the seemingly abandoned building, covered with scaffolding, John finally speaks again.
. No; not only that. There’s decisiveness in his look too. And something that reminds Sherlock of how John looks when Sherlock requests his medical opinion on a crime scene after having ignored him since they arrived.
Sherlock’s answer is short and dismissive, and he doesn’t bother looking up from phone as he puts the kettle on, still a bit warm from his shower.
And perhaps it isn’t worth it.
causing the pain.
To reevaluate all the data will take time. Unfortunately, he doesn't have that time right now.
[ ] IDK = I don’t know
“Oversimplification, huh?” John says, bringing his hand up to trail his fingers from below Sherlock's ear down to the V of his shirt.
Theoretically, Sherlock isn't against humiliation under certain… circumstances, but this is not humiliation, it's…
That prospect seems almost palatable at present.
He’s filthy, used, sore, sticky with semen and sweat and saliva and lube and though he doesn’t feel alright, he wouldn’t want it any other way. It’s simply a version of himself that has transitioned from a detailed but diaphanous vision into something that’s unfiltered, palpable and tastes almost bitterly of harsh realism. It has outlines, consequences and it’s not just taking place inside his head.
John had never been with a man before, but Sherlock hadn't been with anyone at all, and that had been far more of a thrill than it had any right to be.
Still he doesn't want to stop it. Not because of what John might think or say, but because Sherlock wants to see this through for his own sake. This is something he's imagined for a long time, and fantasised about. It's not like his fantasies, it's not even good at times, but he wants to know what it's like. It's not because it's expected of him or because John wants it. It's not because of some misguided feeling of having committed to it and now having to see it through because he'd led someone on.
A sudden knock on the door pulls John from his indulgent introspection with a slight startle.
Sherlock lets his finger fall from his lips, instead pressing the palms of his hands together under his chin, exchanging the memory of one pressure for the reality of another, and attempts to focus on what’s happened.
Blinking his eyes open, Sherlock realises that he must have fallen asleep. From the floor above Sherlock can hear how raucous cries are shifting into almost inaudible sobs.
While he’s meticulous in his care of the exterior he uses as a shield to the outside world, Sherlock’s never seen the point of paying much attention to anything that’s hidden beneath his perfectly fitting bespoke clothing. It’s never seemed relevant.
Three taps of his other foot, then Sherlock takes a step towards John, who’s still in his coat, and Sherlock lets his hands find their way to either side of John’s face. John’s lets Sherlock lead, his chin tilted upwards without being prompted by Sherlock’s hold, and Sherlock very much wants to close his eyes, because what he sees in John’s gaze is distracting him from the task at hand.
“Yes.”
(That said, don't ever feel like you have to make it all alone, the way Sherlock did. You don't. Talking about does -despite what one might feel about the concept - help. At least, that is my opinion as a clinican but also that of current ressearch on suicidology.)
John's mouth beneath his, pressing up and moving against Sherlock's.
- his cock, and it's--
(They are taking turns. Recognising patterns and exposing rawness.)
Sherlock never understood the rules of these things -
Devastating, most likely.
Both the known disappearances in London now have a vague connection to each other. Realising that Lestrade will not oblige him in searching for the other vanished individual’s IP-number on the server in question, Sherlock considers his options.
Oxytocin makes you seek eye contact, makes you act in ways that will further promote pair-bonding.
Sherlock's hands are resting on John's hips; John's hands struggling to unbutton the cuffs on Sherlock's shirt. There seems no need for Sherlock to do anything but kiss back, so he does just that, clumsily…
John is aiming at the knife man, and the man on the floor is aiming unsteadily at John.
And we're back to diagnostic criteria. For those who haven't read A Study in Floodgates, the titles including "criteria" means that I am not in any way trying to make an illustration of the entire psychiatric diagnosis, but merely of one or two of the diagnostic criterian, which in itself isn't any ground for a diagnosis. Everyone - diagnosed or not - will meet several different diagnostic criterian for one or more diagnoses, but that is not the same thing as having a diagnosis. The same thing applies here; this chapter is not suggesting that the character in question has Borderline; it's only illustrating how one or more symptoms could appear in someone.
He knows that John isn’t interested in that particular part of him, knows that it’s something that John might utilise but not something he’ll ever be attracted to, and it seems likely that it’s something he might never even get fully comfortable with touching.
Scoffing irritably in reply to John’s query, Sherlock shoulders his bag and resumes walking towards the plane.
John is usually up to date on his medical reading. Sherlock respects competence, and staying current in your field is certainly part of said competence.
John is just about to head into the next room, where the dancefloor is, when he spots someone sitting in the narrow corridor leading to the staff area by the door.
On the screen, a few short comments appear, along with Sophia’s current contact information. It only takes Sherlock a minute to compose an email to the address provided by Beta. In less than ten minutes, he receives a reply.
Behind him, John is taking a seat at the now slightly less cluttered table. Sherlock hears the sound John’s phone makes as the screen is unlocked, and Sherlock pours himself some coffee before he goes to find his laptop, putting it down on the table almost at the corner of the kitchen.
And Sherlock might be an excellent observer, but at times he fails to observe the difference between an imaginary experience and a real one.
Given Sherlock's folded up position on the sofa and his general lack of movement, deducing the answer to that shouldn't be too difficult even for John, and so Sherlock waits for him to reach this conclusion on his own.
The words come from another nurse, Jeanette, and John feels himself almost wince at the words. In the corner of his eye, he sees Selma’s face flush as she averts her eyes to the table, attempting to laugh.
Lestrade had refused to send over the files on the missing woman.
(--Kiss - [verb]:
It’s a childish game, this, but it’s something.
Clearly, sex is not as adverse to higher cognitive functions for Sherlock as it is for John.
Sherlock was frustrated. The endorphins produced by physical stimulation and the orgasm that followed offered a certain level of respite. Endorphins might do the trick for John as well.
What or whom you desire shouldn't define you. Unfortunately, Sherlock knows that in the eye of most people, it does.
Therefore, Sherlock takes advantage of his knowledge of where John's gaze tends to linger a fraction longer than on other places on Sherlock's body by exposing even more of his neck as he's leaning down to adjust the slide on his microscope. John is barefoot, but his footsteps still gave him away as soon as he approached the kitchen doorway.
“I was right.”
- which makes no sense, because why would John need to--
It was not part of a plan.
Summoning John to share the information gained, Sherlock feels almost like himself for the first time in two weeks.
And John will never tell Sherlock that he cares, because doing so would be superfluous.
No. The pressure seems to fluctuate constantly and uncontrollably and it's appalling, because Sherlock knows that this is not real. He should be able to override these patterns and Not Right feelings. This time he's prepared for them, but still they seem to be taking him by surprise.
