It doesn't feel like forgiveness. But it certainly feels like a start. It's...easier to handle than he thought.
You stole my shield
"Iron Man," Hope replies, only a little sardonic. She stands, crosses to his side, and taps the paper. "Read it. Because it wasn't just you and Steve Rogers out there, Mr. Stark. It was the whole world, and you two tore it straight down the middle, no matter who slipped through the cracks."
Kamala snorts indelicately. "Lame."
"Could the current version of the Terrigen mists be coming from her blood?" Hope asks. "If she survived, she's Patient Zero."
"I can stay a few more days," Tony finds himself promising. Barnes' shoulders slump a bit, like a weight has been lifted, and there's a gratefulness in his eyes when he looks at Tony that lands like acid on his skin, burning away at him. He hates this, and he hates himself even more for feeling like this.
It's manipulation that would make Captain America proud and it seems to work. Spider-Man relaxes, doing that weird shaky laugh of his that he tends to do in awkward situations. "Yeah, I mean, of course I can. No biggie. I'm sorry for snapping."
“I was giving you intel in
“Yes, I can see that.” She raised one hand, and the Time Stone floated up out of the case. “Did you think on what I asked you to?”
She’d found this was the easiest way, in the past few years. No histrionics, no outrage, just the plain question. It had cleared a lot of air between them, and when Morgan had come, a lot of Tony’s motivations became a lot more relatable to Pepper. He was all heart, and she was all patience—it had taken hard work, but they understood each other now.
“Of course not. I was only just...but.” He made another helpless gesture.
It was soft on the inside, lined with whatever Tony had fabricated to keep it comfortable and flexible despite the hard outer shell. The arc reactor in the palm flickered with residual energy, but it had been doing that, on and off, since they’d taken the suit off of Tony after the battle. Something about it made his palm itch. But other than that, nothing seemed to happen. He flexed his hand a couple times to no special result, and shrugged. One never knew.
“I’ve noticed,” Steve said dryly. “The giant tower was a tip-off.”
Tony seemed relieved to have the company, at least; he nodded. “Sure. Lead the way.”
“Mrs. Potts can assess the finer logistical points,” Tony replied. Pepper hummed in agreement. Steve could feel the vibration against his shoulder. “I can just tell you that you’re under budget and that the scale’s about right for what we initially envisioned. But in concept? Yeah, I think it’s sound.” Steve heard him extricate himself from the chair and approach, circling around until he was looking past the curve of Pepper’s neck up at Steve. Pepper still had her right hand in Steve’s left.
“Obviously,” Clint said, not opening his eyes. It didn’t come out unkindly, which was good. He hadn’t mean it to be unkind.
Tony laughs. “Nah. Got over that the moment you said ‘hello’ to me the first time.”
“Get him back safely!” Pepper called after him.
Steve took his escape, even as something implacable and warm steadied in his chest.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“G'morning. You’re all in the same place today. That’s convenient.”
“Good thing I kept this house off the grid,” Tony muttered. “And installed an arc reactor for a generator.”
Steve sat up. “Are you—?”
“The suit,” Pepper filled in, her voice small. “Oh.”
Peggy stared at him, searching his face. “You’re older than I remember,” she said. "But not as old as you should be."
“Are you really okay, out here?” he asked suddenly, looking at her. She was now more golden than not, punctuated by an impression of things he knew about her—deep red hair in waves, capable hands, a gun at her waist and in her boot.
“I have another file request,” Steve said, twisting the ball of athletic tape he’d just unwound from his hands.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“That’s not acceptable.”
“Yeah, fine, lead the way,” he says anyway, and can’t help but be pleased by Steve’s delighted grin, and the way Tony’s grip goes hot and tight, pulling him along.
“No,” Tony agreed eventually. “I guess she isn’t. Neither of you are feeling many regrets right now, huh.”
“Surely Coulson had a second in command or something.”
Steve ran until he couldn’t, which meant he ended up crossing state lines before he decided to head back at a slightly slower pace. When he got back to the lake house, he realized it was dark out; no wonder he was tired. He let himself in with a slow turn of the door handle, unsure of the exact time and who would be around and awake.
“And three?” Steve asks, with growing dread.
What’s more puzzling, however, is why he
“Well,” and Steve could hear the smirk even with Tony’s faceplate firmly in place, “That’s what you are, isn’t it? At least for now.”
Tony was perhaps not so unwelcome, however. He’d been, after all, the only reason why Steve hadn’t gone straight from comatose to wreaking havoc on a friendly ship—Steve had been just about ready to bolt until he’d identified the American accent in Tony’s monologue, and then when he’d opened his eyes, the metal suit had proven the potential truth of what Tony said about being in the future. After all, HYDRA might have had weapons that defied modern standards of technology, but their suits had been leather and steel, not the strange, interlocking plates of titanium alloy with which Tony had been adorned.
“Do I need to click my—”
“I hate this,” Rhodes said, sidling up next to where Steve and Pepper were watching the proceedings.
“I’m sorry, fuck, I’m sorry, Pep.” He hands fluttered around her shoulders. She wanted to lean right into his arms and not feel metal, and she knew exactly how horrible it was going to be the moment she put her head on his shoulder and didn’t feel him give.
"You’ll break every radio in a two mile radius, sir.”
“You’re okay,” Helen said, with a shake of her head. “You’re more than okay.”
Tony was referring to. He wasn’t about to ask. He’d never really known where he stood in Tony’s estimations, over the years; he’d mostly assumed the worst, because he’d done Tony the discourtesy of the same plenty of times. Now he might know a bit better, but the shadows of feeling he'd been privy to remained too abstract for him to be sure.
“I knew the owner lived in the building, I just. Uh. Well, I guess you can do what you like. Obviously.”
” he said in a rush, unable to stop himself. “Every time I’ve tried to live normally, it hasn’t lasted more than a few months, and every time it stopped, every time I needed to go back to the fight, I was
Jim shook his head. Smiled, if painfully. “You’re such a dick.”
Steve goes and pushes a broom around on the 42nd Street or something, who knows.
She pinched the bridge of her nose. “This is. I need some time. I was already. I was trying—”
She pressed her cheek against the cool plane of his chest, and rode out the hitch in her breathing until it evened out. “You don’t have to apologize,” she said, when she was able. “You have nothing to apologize for.”
She pressed her lips tightly together. “But you don’t belong here,” she surmised. “You can’t stay.”
“How is that, anyway?” Bruce asked. “You seemed to adapt pretty quickly, but there must be some limitations.”
“Yeah, but we know that everything important from here, will end up over there,” Tony said, gesturing first to himself, then to the Cradle. “And we know it’ll go over in the right order. Those are the two most important things. All the rest’ll be window dressing.”
“Did you even look at the photos you were replacing?” Clint asks. “Because they’re clearly related. Clearly. They have the same chin, and eyes, and–”
Anything without Tony and Natasha felt, however irrationally, like Leipzig. Like things falling apart, like Steve losing sight of himself and losing sight of the world.
Steve hadn’t appreciated how much control Tony had gained over the Extremis fusion in the intervening weeks since his transfer—his features were more defined, and he’d given himself the bare outline of trousers and a long-sleeved shirt, not dissimilar from the undersuit he’d worn for earlier iterations of Iron Man. He still had a metallic sheen to him, like he was a bronze cast of himself, but he moved with ease and lightness, nothing like the lumbering gait with which he’d gone up and down the stairs in the first few days. When he thought about it, Steve didn’t think he ever had seen Tony in quite this form before—he was making an effort. For Pepper.
He huffed. “Yeah. But the gang’s all here.”
But whatever was left on the ground wasn’t moving. There wasn’t a lot of it—not more than a handful of thermometers worth of mercury-looking liquid. The rest of it must have disappeared into the Cradle. The port was bare.
Tony, I need to know what your thinking, not just what’s happening at that one moment—”
And now–well.
“That’s definitely all Rogers,” Steve said, and then blinked, unbalanced. He could feel Tony shrinking back inside him. The transfer out of the Reality Stone had tasted like blood, and now he could feel it coating the back of his throat. He swallowed convulsively.
“Asked her to,” Steve murmured. His hands were moving very fast, and he didn’t know what they were doing, only that it looked kind of graceful, and not at all like him.
“Yes,” Frigga agreed, gaze fathomless. “You had better.”
Tony tilted his head. “You don’t get to decide that, Rogers. Only the person you hurt gets to decide that. Why am I trying to change my own mind about this?”
“Hmm. Unfortunate.”
Bruce raised an eyebrow. “No offense, Cap, but I’ll stop when you do.”
“But they keep…” Steve stopped.
“I’ll never get used to that,” she remarked, grinning. “Being a Missus. I used to have to correct people constantly, and now I don’t have to anymore.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said, and reached up to flatten his palm over the suit’s waist—a smooth, cold band of metal. “I’m just glad you’re here.”
Natasha stilled, her swinging leg falling back into place. “That’s a risky offer, Captain.”
“Well…thanks, then.”
“Tony,” he said, “I know you already knew this, but. Pepper is just...she’s amazing. You got lucky, but I think...I think maybe she got lucky too, finding someone who would help her build things. Isn’t that something?”
“You’d better be sor—
Steve cocked his head, but she didn't elaborate.
“By not actually slowing down,” she said wryly, one eyebrow twitching upward. “Just redirecting his energies. How do you think the power came back on so soon after the Snap?”
“I’m hallucinating,” Steve murmured. “This is my mind just trying to think of more excuses. I’ve been dreaming, and now I’m just—”
“It seems that my predecessor was far more involved with the Avengers than she ever let on,” Stephen Strange said, after coming through a portal directly into the living room. “And I’m not certain why she agreed to such a procedure, in this case.”
Tony says, but his ears are bright red, it looks disconcertingly hilarious. Not once has Steve known Tony to be embarrassed by
He waits for a pause in the drilling, and then knocks as loudly as he can. The singing abruptly cuts off, and is replaced by swearing. There’s a series of clanking and clunking noises, followed by harried steps towards the door. Then the door is thrown open to reveal…oh.
"Doesn't it bother you?" he demands. "Fighting for something without knowing the whole story? Not knowing the real enemy? I did that once, and it turned out I was working for the enemy all along. I'm not surprised by this, Leighton; I always knew Fury was up to something, that's why I came here-"
Tony's hands fall blindly to his sides and he tries to - to count the beats.
“What are teammates for?” Tony quipped, but Steve’s eyes were serious as they took him in. The smile had faded, but never disappeared.
Tony drops down, finding Captain Stacy waiting for him on the ground. "Gwen!" he shouts, taking the girl out of Tony's arms. "Is she alright? Oh God, thank you, thank you!" Tony doesn't stay for it, blasting to the roof.
Bruce looks like Tony has punched him. "Don't you dare lecture me about accidental monsters, Tony."
"Ms. van Dyne," Tony begins, shifting uncomfortably in his chair. Hope shuts him down with one upwards flash of her eyes.
Tony doesn't really have a problem with that, considering he was only eighty five percent sure Scott Lang was the guy's actual name, but he cranes his body so he can look around Hope van Dyne to Vision. "I didn't hear a deal in there, did you, Viz?"
Tony puts his drink down. When he and Steve are finally through talking, barely getting words through their yawns, he stands, leaving it out there, completely forgotten.
He'll be back and Steve will kill him. But tonight, Tony walks away. Tonight, Tony sleeps.
The horn sounded and a ragged cheer rose up from the battlefield as the surviving giants turned their backs on it. Steven himself was quite preoccupied with wrenching his sword out of the great horned beast that had nearly taken his head off with its massive jaws.
"It's not for me," Coulson tells him, just barely irritated. He turns to a man his group, young enough to be a kid, really, and beckons him forward. "Donald, come meet Mr. Stark."
FRIDAY asks.
Rhodes you get me Tony or I will come get him myself. This is it. Clint was trying to help he shouldn't be punished for that. I take full responsibility. Just let me talk to Tony.
"Oh, he's gone to find Rhodey. They're going to blast apart some aliens and bitch. He'll find me later. In fact, between them and Steve, I think the rest of us can take a break from patrolling tonight. So," Jan turned to the group left behind. "Drinks on me at Club Galaxy!"
"A bit-" Steve gasped. "One kills the other!" A mad tyrant, and a soul-killer, that's what Bucky was comparing them to.
"Mr. Khan," Tony says, standing and stepping aside. "I'm Tony Stark. Kamala should be coming around anytime now."
Hope and Natasha are already waiting for them, the former raising an eyebrow at Tony's position on Rhodey's lap, the latter not even fazed. Clint's there, too, seated a bit away from everyone else. "Joining the party, Birdbrain?" Tony asks, careful to keep it light.
Natasha agrees.
"I'm - not him. I know I'm not. But you're not exactly you, so I figure it's okay, a little bit, if I didn't come out alright on my way through. I need to figure out who I am, now. But I'll always be your friend. Til the end of the line. I remember that."
It's all my fault.
The shield crunches through the fiberglass of the arc reactor as Steve twists it hard. Tony hands are above his face, still bracing for a blow, and Steve keeps catching glimpses of wide, terrified, furious brown eyes through the fingers of the gauntlet.
"Kamala cannot stay here forever," Aamir says bluntly. "I know we are waiting for her powers to come under her control, but what happens then? What happens to -" the young man gulps and looks down, something like shame in his face. "I am sorry to admit that I haven't made as much of my life as I should have, Mr. Stark. I know Kamala deserves a normal life, but I don't know how to give it to her. You see, I don't want her growing up in a remote place like this, with no people her own age and constantly surrounded by talks of battles and enemies. I am frightened of what an environment like this might do to her. Not that you are bad people, just that-"
"Tony."
"That...that sounds good, Mr. Stark. Thank you," Peter says softly, looking at the doorway. The door is closed but the kitchen is just beyond, and they both know May Parker is listening on the other side. "I trust you," Peter announces abruptly.
Rhodey is waiting for him at the landing, in a wheelchair today as his physical therapist had started cracking down on him over-working himself. Tony had been torn between wanting the best for his friend and deeply understanding the need to push oneself past one's limits; in the end he'd internally compromised by building Rhodey his own wheelchair, one that could attach a set of braces to his friend's legs with the push of a button so he could stand whenever he wanted. The measure of control helped, and Rhodey had yet to push the button on his rest days.
"I can carry four," Rhodey says. "Let's go, now."
is directly underneath it, in what is most likely Rhodey's scrawl.
Tony may leave him, but he always comes back to him, too.
Tony whirls so fast he trips and stumbles off his stool. Donnie is there in a moment, competing with Dummy on who gets to get Tony to his feet. Donnie wins and hefts Tony up with ice-cold fingers. "I didn't realize - I'll come back later."
" Donnie yells, and Tony can't figure out how this has spiraled so badly out of control. "For me or for everybody else? I've passed all my triggers twice now, but you've never once talked about letting me out of here!"
There was blood on her pearls. It was the first thing he saw when they peeled back the sheet in the morgue, and he had fixated on it. His mother had always been so neat. When they'd handed him the personal effects he spent the whole night cleaning them, then laid them in one of the trays of his mother's jewelry back, all fixed up for when she got back on Monday.
"-think," Barnes says on a controlled exhale. Never let a stumble sit. He looks at Tony head on then, his gaze more alive then it has been this entire time. "I have more questions but I need to..." He trails off and Tony smartly doesn't interrupt this time. "...sort out what they are."
He stepped through the tent, a small smile quirking at his lips at the sight that greeted him. Tony was thronged on all sides by Lady Pepper, Sir James Rhodes, and his own mother, the Princess Maria. Sir Margaret Carter stood behind him, holding him still while the grand Wizard Merlin crouched over him, muttering incantations over his chest and blocking it from Steven’s view.
it does not take a genius to figure out what happened in siberia. turns out all it takes is two super spies. me and tasha are really awesome like that. man let me tell you i do not want to know what it feels like to be disappointed in Captain America ever again. its the fucking worst.
They'd make stories of their own, Steve decided. Where no one ever changed, or left, or died. Where there was no such thing as second soulmates.
He pulls out his phone, brings up the messages from Natasha.
Carol directs that smile over her shoulder at Rhodey and Tony watches his best friend's face light up. "Colonel Rhodes has been on medical leave since Germany," Danvers answers when she turns back to Tony. "But I see that's unnecessary. These prosthetics are amazing, Mr. Stark. Your design, I'm assuming."
He's reprogrammed that memory. He kept the vision but got rid of Wanda. Realistically, his mind still knows she was there but he sleeps better at night when his memories tell him she wasn't. He imagines its the same thing for Donnie.
"He's going home tonight," Natasha says. "I told him he had to test out the shoulder before I'd let him leave. He's fine, Tony, stop worrying."
"You must try," T'Challa says, like he's reading Tony's mind. Or maybe Tony's been rambling out loud, he does that when he's over tired.
It's meant to be a shout, a question, something other than the breathless exhale it is, but Steve hadn't realized until this precise moment that there was a large part of him that had never expected to hear his best friend's voice ever again. His knees go weak and he's going
"That sounds great, Tony," Steve said, overly loud as Tony shot a glare at the Falcon. "You've been working hard and it shows. The Chitauri won't know what hit 'em."
"We need to find out what it is."
It took an hour, in which Steve could feel a stinging numbness begin to take hold at the tips of his fingers. But then the door was squeaking open, the light flicking on, and he had to move very quickly to avoid getting clocked in the face with a paperweight.
“Your life’s at stake, Buck.”
“He’s not going to like the first part, though.” Hell, Steve didn’t like it either.
“And...I don’t know. Feels like I have unfinished business here.”
“That aside,” Fury cut in, “The captain will be staying on SHIELD premises for the immediate future. Rogers, if you need anything, these are the people to ask. We’ll get you set up with a space of your own and some reading.”
“I don’t know. I’ll tell you if I figure it out.”
“Really, this is just another instance in which you’ve made my life very complicated and confusing. It’s not really anything different than usual.”
“Admit it,” Rhodes said, elbowing her, “You like driving it.”
“Hm.”
“Not sure yet,” Tony answered, to his unfinished question. He tilted his head, and even without his eyes visible, the heaviness of his gaze was tangible. “Will you stay to find out?”
“500! That’s what they say, isn’t it?”
“Okay. Do it.”
Natasha sat cross-legged on the grey, cold ground, her hands loosely resting on her ankles. “Hey, Steve.”
“Idiot,” she said, shaking her head.
“It may help to talk to someone,” Fury suggested, after a week. “I know you and Romanov have been getting along, but maybe someone with a little more expertise might be helpful.”
“Here we go, then. Transfer starting...now.”
“Exceedingly rude.” He cocked his head at her. “When did you…?”
The Ancient One, sitting cross-legged on the floor across from him, hummed. “The transfer worked, it seems,” she said. “How do you feel?”
Steve clenched his jaw, and gave a sharp nod. He looked over at Tony, whose face was carefully without expression.
) as it could have been. Still, he hadn’t meant to send it. Or perhaps a small part of him had wanted to, but was too ashamed.
“You know I can’t disclose that.”
“I tried, he’s tied down in Indonesia,” Pepper said with a grimace. “And Strange—”
Just,
“And what did he say?” Pepper said.
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
Hill gave him a flat look. “Tony Stark and ‘helpful’ do not belong in the same sentence.”
“That’s more than I needed to know about Ms. Potts,” Steve pointed out, even as he felt his face go redder. “I’m also surprised you’re still on speaking terms with her.”
Bruce followed his movement and sucked in a breath. “Ah.”
“Whenever you’re ready, then,” Tony says, stepping back slightly. “Or, uh, whenever you feel like it. No pressure. Just…yeah. It’s there.”
“Feelings take longer to change than logic does,” Bucky said now, with a shrug. “Though I guess it’s been longer for you than it has been for me.”
For the anon prompt: "Could you possibly do a little fic where The Avengers are fighting. And like before Tony gets to help Steve Steve gets hurt? "
is this?” Tony asked, careening out of the doorway.
Subject: Re: hi
“Consider it done,” Bucky replies. “Also, enough cotton candy to fill us with regret six hours from now.”
Steve laughs, a little disbelievingly. “I already thought it was a steal when I signed for it.”
“Deal,” Steve said, instantly.
Steve looked at him. Tony was staring out at the water, his expression relaxed and neutral, which Steve suspected wasn’t his natural state. Steve could see a lot of Howard in him, in his features and his bearing, but he was distinctly different also—Steve would never mistake one for the other. It was acutely painful, however, to look at Tony and know that Howard was gone, and had been gone for a long time.
“All of it,” Clint says, “You can stop.”
And that was when Tony had found out that Howard had been a lot more dedicated to a dead soldier from the war than he had ever been to Tony.
"You know me," Steve murmured, a little helplessly. "Can't help myself. I’m...I’m sorry if it’s hurt you. Or Pepper or Morgan. That wasn’t my intention, but. I know that doesn’t really matter, in the end." There. He’d said it.
“Well, yeah. Couldn’t have you ruining my only good pair of trousers.”
The line went dead.
Tony makes a noise of amusement deep in his throat. But a few minutes later, Bucky feels Tony’s muscles go lax, his head falling against Bucky’s temple.
Steve had had a meeting with the director that morning.
He nodded.
“Sorry,” Tony said, shoulders pulling in. Pepper looked like she was going to cry, again. God, he was the worst. It would be better if he was de-aged, or just digital, or
Tony wrinkled his nose. “Only if we don’t have to eat there. I’ll order takeaway or something if you can’t leave.”
“Huh,” Helen said. “That wasn’t in the design.”
He looked at Steve, and his smile was so strange, so...sad?
“I hope for the sake of our eyes that you’ll be moving this outdoors, then,” Pepper said, walking in from the porch with a glass of wine. She raised her glass and inquiring eyebrows to Steve, who nodded acceptance—Pepper’s taste in wine was impeccable.
He turned to find Peggy watching him from the elevator.
“Definitely noticing,” Tony says, doing a quick loop and tilt, nearly dislodging ornamental moulding on the side of a townhouse. “They’ve got a plan, but I haven’t a clue what it is. JARVIS, any ideas?”
“Why are we building them submarines?” Tony had asked at one point, peering at the project outline. “It looks like we’re not even getting paid for anything beyond the product, and we have employees out there.”
Steve grinned. “You know what? I really do.”
“Oh.”
“Only,” Bucky replies, “When they’re evidence that you’ve won. Not when they make me scared for you.”
“We’re as safe as we can be,” Natasha interrupts, and Clint nearly sags in relief. She comes up to stand behind him, and rests an elbow on his shoulder. “You don’t need to buy us, Stark.”
“Molecular binding,” Tony said, with a wince. “Not something we’d calculated for, since we still don’t know the full properties of femto-particles, given we’ve just discovered them. I may or may not still be carrying some of the infinity gem stuff around with me. Also I’m about 30% made of alloyed nano-particles from the suit. Seems that whatever femto-particles made me
They hardly broke from the kiss as Steve continued stretching out Tony’s hole, though Steve did get impossibly more desperate as he started to gently rock his hips the longer he took. But he knew that Tony had to be ready, and the last thing he wanted to do was hurt the man he loved. That was for a better time, when they’d discussed it. So, when Tony was ready, Steve took hardly any time to reach over to his jeans and take out the condom he had in the back pocket, moaning hardly audibly as he put it on and then slowly pushed into Tony. The other man’s mouth silently dropped open and he tightly grabbed onto Steve’s biceps as he lifted his hips up just sightly “Oh my… Fuck, Steve.” He whimpered gently. They’d done this quite a few times, and even before then Tony had been a receiver a couple of times, but each time was so intense for him since he spent his whole time subconsciously on edge and every nerve was practically screaming to tense while also wanting this to carry on because it felt so good. Steve stopped for a second as his hips pressed flush against Tony’s, trailing his hands across Tony’s body; Across his chest and stroking the arc rector, down his shoulders and arms only to go back up, caressing his legs while Tony managed to mutter an almost unintelligible plea for him to stop the touches and “Fucking do me already”. Steve chucked and then took Tony’s right hand in his, lacing their fingers together, as he started to slowly pull his hips back. He gasped out a moan as he sheathed himself fully into Tony again, keeping up the slow pace until Tony was finally fully relaxed and wordlessly begging for Steve to properly fuck him.
“Some people would say it’s the best of you.”
“Steve.” Tony said awkwardly “You’re staring again.” Steve looked him in the eyes and took his hand softly, guiding him over to rest on Steve’s lap.
“A-And you take too long. Fuck, Steve, can’t you just… Oh fuck.” He arched his back just slightly and practically whimpered as the touch to his erection left and one of Steve’s thick fingers, miraculously lubed, entered his body. A low chuckle came from above him, lips pressing against his shoulder and his cheek and wherever Steve could reach without moving, as the finger breached fully into his hole.
“Are you going to fuck me now?” Steve sighed and rolled his eyes before he smiled and kissed Tony gently.
“Tony.” Steve sighed, hardly even audible and only just really a word, but his friend just ignored him with a soft glare at nothing in particular “Tony, can you jus-” But he gave up on the almost pleading and hurt words as a second idea came to his mind.
“You’re working too hard again.” He sighed in almost disappointment “You need a break.” The inventor turned away as he pushed Steve’s hands from his body.
After minimal cleaning themselves up, they lay together and just enjoyed being around each other in silence until Steve spoke “Happy Valentine’s day.” He muttered into Tony’s hair, a small smile on his face. Tony was obviously confused as he isn’t in the habit of taking note of what day it is “It’s Valentine’s day today.” Tony nodded a bit.
Steve was quick to kiss him and then turn so that he lay Tony down on the couch. The little noises of content that Tony made into the kiss as his hands softly trailed across Steve’s arms, brushing through his hair, all just made Steve that bit more desperate to have Tony like this forever. Of course, that was far from his most carnal thought. Especially when Tony slipped his hands into Steve’s back pockets, rolling his hips and all but purring in pleasure. It just destroyed Steve’s resolve and he reached down to undo his jeans, so raring to go that he almost pulled the button off in his desperation. Tony smiled smugly, loving that he could turn the ever patient Captain America into a desperate mess of arousal. While Steve battled with his jeans, Tony just easily slid his loose slacks off his body and pushed them off to the side. He’d gone bare below them, on instinct, so his whole body was exposed as Steve finally managed to get his jeans off and dropped to the side. Tony pulled Steve down to kiss him again, trailing his right hand down Steve’s chest and tracing across the V of his hips “Fuck, I’ve missed you.” The inventor breathed as they moved out of the kiss again, as his hand gripped Steve’s thigh tightly and Steve started to kiss at his neck and his chest both lustfully and gently “I promise I’ll never leave you for this long again, fuck, Steve, I’m sorry. You’re so damn good to me, I’ll never forget it, oh my God.” His little babble was cut off by Steve trailing two fingers up the underside of Tony’s cock before he loosely curled his fingers around it and just let Tony start to roll his hips.
"But they didn't."
"It's fine," Tony cuts him off, suddenly very tired. His chest aches with the tension. "You say you would have fought with Cap, but Steve - he refused to listen. And we can't do that, Bruce, you know we can't. I know I could have done better. He tried to tell me something at the airfield but I was so scared at that point of what was going to happen if I didn't keep us together-"
"Keep wondering. I'm not." Fury shrugs one shoulder and turns back to the screen. "The Avengers are working and will continue to work with ATCU, which means they work with SHIELD, which means they work with me. You get how that works, Captain?"
"Of course you are. Had to dream up something grand for you, didn't I? Although," he frowned, reached out again, but this time his hand never quite touched Steve's face. The skin burned, regardless. "I'd've thought I'd have dreamt you happier." The robo-barkeep placed the water down in front of Tony and he obediently took a few sips.
, Sarah wanted to scream. She didn’t have the luxury of
"And if I don't want to go?" Tony asked under his breath, but Steve caught in nonetheless.
But alas:
Steven’s heart nearly stopped. “What is it? Did Mordred’s fiends get into the camp?”
There are still moments in the day when he utterly loathes her, moments when their eyes meet and it's like two strangers meeting for the first time. Tony and Natasha never really knew each at all, but since the war they are both brand new people, broken open and reassembling.
It would be so easy to heal his grief, his fucking ego, if he made another Steve.
Tony mentally clears his calendar. "I'll get it done. What do you think of it?" He gestures at the new armor.
they were thrown in. Ross is on thin ice, Bruce. You come with me, you not only save this girl's life, but you can help make sure at least one person like me doesn't happen to any more people like you." Tony spreads his arms and smiles self-deprecatingly, taking no joy in the way Bruce suddenly can't meet his eyes. He reaches forward and taps at his phone. "This is my
you. I am sorry to report I never outgrew that habit - pah, no I'm not. Fantastic defense mechanism, and I learned it all from you, pops. I learned a lot from you. I should have told you that. I should have-"
Natasha watches him carefully, something darker than usual in her evergreen eyes. "Tony. Just do it. Get the worst out of the way before Barnes' has to deal with it in person."
"Well isn't this cozy," the archer sneers, looking them over. "The Mighty Avengers. Tell me, how many people died down there while you all dragged your feet?"
"You're welcome," Rocket grumbled, climbing up on Groot's shoulders. He liked to feel tall.
None of them can. But he has another chance, now. Fight, or lay down.
He admires that Steve’s hair is still golden even in the sickly hospital light, he treasures the steady beep of his heartbeat on the monitor, and he smiles when Steve wakes up and those big blue eyes find his.
"They're good, Tony," the kid answers, eyes on the tablet. Vision could do this job just as easily but Tony hates the idea of a mind like Donnie's going to waste. Plus, he's the only other engineer in the building, at least for something actually relevant,
"You guys can go, too," he says on a shaky exhale. "I won't hold it against you."
The bomb was detonated in a park in Brussels and thankfully has so far claimed very few victims; HYDRA isn't that incompetent, so Tony knows that's the point. It's meant to
second soulmates and monsters, both of them. A cautionary tale his mother had told him not long after his father died, when he could still remember the other name Joseph Rogers bore.
Hope. That's the watchword.
“Mama,” he whispered. She took his hand, and didn’t cry, even as the tears stung her eyes. “Am I…?”
"I'm picking something up," Princess Shuri announces, the ever-present tinge of impatience in her tone sharpening. "Mr. Wilson, you are standing in a very inconvenient spot. Move if you like your legs attached to your torso."
It stops short when it catches Iron Man right in front of it, repulsors at the ready, and lets loose another laugh. Tony lets his repulsors whine. "Drop him," he commands, and then rolls his eyes at himself at the opening he just left wide open. "Rhodes-"
, another Tony out there was saying to another Steve, but his Tony didn't look at him like that, not now that Steve knew what to look for. And he wasn't the cold, bitter Tony from the Time Fog either. No, Tony couldn't become him. They wouldn't have to fight a war or hate each other.
She turns towards him, her eyes leaving Clint for the first time in hours. "So what, he should be punished for that? For not choosing your side? Tony, you did this to him." Tony's whole body goes very rigid and he doesn't answer her, choosing to watch Clint remain stubbornly silent. Natasha expels a harsh breath, steps away for a second, and then steps back. "I don't, I didn't mean that. I meant that he wouldn't be here if it weren't for us. For me."
I'm fine. He said he needed my help. We talked about what happened and I won't lie, I'm pretty angry but I think he was trying to do what he thought was right.
"'Right?'" Clint quotes, laughing disbelievingly. "Those people had a right to live, Natasha! A right you denied them by standing by those stupid Accords. Cap told you what would happen and you didn't listen and now people are dead
There were twelve of you, that's not war. More like a street fight in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Now, since we're all here how about you stop dodging the question and tell me what happened."
Fury nods, pulling his phone out and flicking it so the information is projected all around the room. Rogue HYDRA cells, of course, are dropping these bombs all over the place, trying to make more Inhumans and recruit them to the cause. Tony thinks of Donnie, who got through most of his triggers today without much struggle, and Kamala's dead parents, and wants to vomit. Instead he lets Natasha and Rhodey take the lead, promising Fury full cooperation when they get the UN council's go ahead.
"The favor that Ty owes me," he begins slowly. "I'm thinking of countering some bad publicity."
"I knew in there," Tony cuts him off harshly, hoarsely, pointing up. "I didn't know before the fighting."
"Ross is ten minutes out. Basement's locked down and Bruce says Kamala's brain activity is starting to pick up but she's still a day or two out. Aamir Khan's flight gets in tomorrow. Donnie's having a slumber party with Spider-Man. And I'm a little worried about T'Challa."
T'Challa leans back in his chair, not relaxing but Tony has not once ever seen T'Challa fully relax, but slackening somehow. There is a wry smile on his face. "Forgive me. I thought I would try a preemptive strike against any possible anger, but I may have misjudged you."
Brian shrugged. “I did. But Tony theorizes that he’s everyone’s type, and neither one of us are the type to let a hypothesis go untested. I’ll see you later, Lady Widow.”
NATASHA:
“He will soon.”
, Natasha! AIM and those other guys wouldn't know what hit them. The Avengers could actually put the bad guys away for once instead of just beating them back until the next attack."
making fun of somebody else's name?"
-wanda says she's okay not being described with useful. makes her feel like a tool.
Steve carefully untangled the girl’s arms from around his neck to reach back and pull his shield around, handing it to the boy. “Sure is. Want to hold it?”
She takes a long moment to fume before continuing.
"And I put him there!"
But today, Tony hated him. Hated him for being right, hated him for seeing through Tony. Hated the name on his left wrist, just above Tony's own blank one. Whoever Sunset Bain was, she was in for a hell of a future.
"I'll meet you at the car," he tells her, even as he pulls her in to kiss her cheek. "Thank you."
, Cap! This isn’t 1940 anymore!”
"Tony, I know you trust me," T'Challa tells him when Tony finally summons up the courage to meet his eyes. They are darker than his, darker in the shadows of his camera, but warm. "I know you trust the Widow and the Spider and the Machine. Even the Vision. And they know it, too. The only one who doesn't know is you."
“That’s a lot of maybes,” he said quietly.
Steve waited for the fog to settle, then adjusted his shield on his back and began the walk to Stark Tower.
Aw kid. Tell her i miss her too. Second thing.
"He's been through enough," Tony says and there's a flash of memory, light glinting off a metal arm.
the Avengers!" Tony tries to keep his face impassive, hand falling from where it was outstretched for Kamala to take, but her words lands hard in the space between his ribs, making his chest ache all over.
"Worldwide police force. Gonna act the part, gotta pay the dues, I guess. Germany's going to take some convincing," Tony mutters. "Still. Yeah. Good job, T'Challa."
"Great. Keep us posted."
Tony wakes up. Rhodey, who hadn't even stirred when Tony had faceplanted beside him an hour ago, begins to roll over, eyes blinking heavily. He escapes before his friend can fully wake. His chest feels lighter than before, and he doesn't know if that's a good thing.
Are there access codes the DoD gives out to military contractors? Who the hell knows in real life, but there are now in here!
-Seventy years and you still put in your foot in your mouth about dames.
"I should have told you," Steve says. "When you asked. You were worth it, Bucky, all of it. All those times you protected me, it was about time for me to do the same. I just wish you were here now, you jerk. I told the others what happened in Siberia; they aren't too happy with me. I'm not too happy with me either. Honest, Buck, I didn't mean to hurt Tony like that, I just - kinda figured he'd never find out. I know that's not good enough, don't look at me like that."
T'Challa raises an eyebrow. "No," he says slowly, not asking the question he wants to. Tony grins.
If Tony is the one that puts that kind of look on Vision face, then Tony damn well better fix this.
, his mind whispered) him die. Surely they had started out as bright and cheerful and maddening as his own Tony. Something, something horrible, had made them- "Change."
Tony's smiled dropped a little, going a bit desperate at the edges. "I just told you. Enough
Today was Tony's eighth birthday, and his wrists were as bare as ever as he worked in the lab, placing pieces of metal together, carefully soldering here, twining wire there. Howard felt his lip curl as he watched; as always when faced with Tony's brilliance, he was torn between pride in his son and anger that the kid didn't even have the decency to be completely useless. If he'd been an idiot, Howard could've left Tony to his own devices a long time ago and happily ignored him. As it was, Howard couldn't stand to see that kind of potential ruined. He could already see in the curve of his little boy's fingers, the crook of his neck, the diligence in his eyes: Tony was going to be smarter than him someday. Tony was going to build the future. Howard still couldn't decide if it was more irresponsible to impede him, or set loose on the world a boy who'd been broken since he'd been born.
Rhodey always points out smugly, with the good grace not to point out that Tony only got that doctorate after a conversation in which Rhodey successfully managed to confuse him back in '93, because Rhodey is a better person than Tony deserves.
Yep. Spider-Man
learning experience - but T'Challa got real cagey when I asked him if he'd gone with Rogers to Fury's hideyhole. I could call up Rogers, I suppose, but..."
He leaves before she can respond, makes it around the corner, and drops the tray just so he can stare at his hands. They should be shaking, but they aren't, because the serum controls for bursts of adrenaline like that. Instead everything looks sharp and too bright. He wants to get out of this place, get out of his head, go out there and track every one of those sons of bitches down and make them pay.
They could use us to do whatever they wanted. Further someone's agenda. After what happened with SHIELD and HYDRA I couldn't submit to that kind of command again.
The glider retreats back into the building and Tony watches in horror as he emerges with another person, a male in a labcoat. They exchange words before he, too, is dropped, and Tony bursts into action.
"Well, FRIDAY's been up and down all day. I wanted back-ups." Bruce's voice is incredibly, infuriatingly gentle.
"Yep."
"What does that even stand for?" Rhodey demands.
Another ring.
Bruce sighs heavily, and takes off his glasses to rub at his nose. "There's always a but, Tony, you know that." Tony waits patiently for him to explain this one and Bruce rubs harder. "Look, preventing brain activity is not something people normally try to do, outside of nervous disorders like Parkinsons, and this isn't that. The simulation only shows probabilities, you know that. I showed you this one because I want to be honest with you, but I've run just as many that had no drop at all. As near as I can figure out, the sim is showing that preventing the switch might cause such strain on Donnie's brain that it could result in a stroke."
"Bring up the Iron Man schematics, make a new template."
"I can look after myself," Wanda grumbles, but she graces T'Challa with one of her rare smiles. "My magic versus his claws? Who knows, Steve, I may end up looking after him."
Tony just begins to summon a weak laugh when T'Challa surges forward and seizes the hand Tony had splayed out over his tablet. "What the hell, Def Leppard?" But T'Challa merely holds up the captive hand between them and even Tony can see his fingers trembling. Spider-Man goes quiet and Tony wrenches his hand away, glaring at the king. "You're very rude. See if I take you HYDRA-hunting."
The commander lets out a hiss that makes the static fill the entire cabin. "Attacks are from high ground, we cannot pin down a location. There is - a red mist." Everybody freezes at that and beside him Tony can hear T'Challa's claws grind into the vibranium of his suit as the king's hands form into fists. "Bombs. A man in black. There has been no sighting of Iron Man or the other machines, so I am forced to believe you are still in the air. These people are not yours?"
“Maybe he’s trying to find something you’ll like.”
The compound is as busy as it's ever been. Tony put off Ross for as long as he could, but the man is currently flying in from Washington as they watch Clint destroy any chance he has at a good defense.
Tony wakes up to a high-pitched whine escaping him and a loud beeping. He tears his shirt up wildly, running his hands over his chest, but there is nothing but skin and the too-rigid structure of his fake sternum over a frantic, off-kilter heartbeat. His chest is on fire.
"I-" Both Tony and Rhodey whip around to face Peter and he raises his hands in surrender. "Sure. Carry me away, noble steed."
"Truly I am blessed," Rhodey says dryly. He dumps Tony on his bed, flips the covers wholesale over him, and nods at a job well done. "If I hear you banging around before five A.M., you'll be sorry, Tenderfoot."
, Rachel." Her mouth falls open, anger and a little bit of shock in the set of her jaw, and he lets his eyes drift shut, remembering things he'd rather not. "Back in the war, I went on a mission with my best friend that got him killed, and the man responsible was captured, lived a nice happy life, even got to enact some of his super villain plans. I can't stand that. I can't stand that I have to accept that it happened and there's no way to take it back. It isn't right."
"And what do you think King T'Chaka would do now?"
"He's my friend," Steve snapped. "You don't even
"What is happening here, Mr. Stark?"
He gives Kamala space. It's easy, between working with Donnie and readying for Clint's trial. Ross has apparently heard whispers about Tony's plan because Tony now has a very threatening voicemail sitting in his inbox. "Do not push me, Stark," it says. "You won't like how I retaliate."
"It was a remote detonator," Natasha says, even though Tony has already read that bit.
The phone call ends not long after that. Four minutes in total. Steve made him a useless promise once, but it was one Tony had reciprocated, even if he never said it out loud. Steve had called, which mean that Steve needed him. Them. The Avengers. Steve thinks the Avengers need to work together on this, and Tony agrees.
(See the end of the chapter for
DECRYPTING...
." He bursts up to retrieve Donnie and by the time he's back down Spider-Man is free, shaking off clumps of ice.
Rhodey scoffs. "Any good cop isn't gonna care about you exercising your right to free speech, Cage. Anyone who does, let us know. It'll be helpful to know which ones we need to watch out for."
Steve berated him about Ultron and knew the truth and
There are mistakes Tony cannot fix.
"Jesus. Norman Osborn gone, just like that. He used to be a
"No," T'Challa answers, pausing on his path to the door out to the hall where he was presumably headed for some privacy. "Since we have woken him he has remained outside and aware. But he must be closely monitored at all times until the programming is removed from his mind; there are many around him I trust to do so. I rely on their judgment now." With that, he exits the room, leaving Tony alone with his thoughts.
"Did you just meet by bird quip with a bird pun?" he asks incredulously. Natasha merely grins, nearly dancing away towards the door. "Stop hanging out with Peter, Romanov!" She almost makes it to the door when a shrill ring echoes across the lab. Behind them, Vision opens his eyes.
You'll see on the news.
"Truly good men seem to be the only ones who do," she volleys right back, eyeing Tony up and down with no question of if a good man sits in front of her. He removes his hands from the letter just so he doesn't crush it on accident when they ball into fists.
On a dime, he turned again, smiling wide. "Ah, never mind. Let me lie to myself, Rogers, you know how good I am at that. Just look at you. As straight and true and surly as ever. You're a good man. The best. I'm sorry I never told you that."
Big Steve’s hand went to his head, pushing back the cowl as he took a good look around. “So, alternate dimensions, huh? Well, this is a sight better than where I was in my own, but I would like to get back. My friends are in danger,” he added, face darkening for a moment before he looked at Tony. “Will you help me, Tony?”
"Well, I'm a mean person," Tony says lightly, earning him a look from the girl. He sighs and gets off his chair, coming up beside her to pet his first creation. "But seriously, he's a learning bot. A really bad one. 'Dummy' was the first word I ever said to him and it stuck."
Tony led.
"Oh, Tony," Maria sighs, amused. "You loved me so much, sometimes I think you forgot that I was a Stark, too. You think I'm talking about Steve Rogers, or Bucky Barnes, or your father? Anyone who has ever wronged you? I don't care about them. Forgive them, or don't. I may be in your mind but I'm still your
“I was just gonna throw the book at Fury, I have like eighteen lawyers on call, you didn’t have to—“
“My friend, you remain with us yet!” Thor says, leaping off his chair and scattering rice all over the place. “We were awaiting your procedures of the aftermath of battle!”
Steve blinked. “How can a universe gain a reputation? And among who?”
Tony was not prepared for this. He bit his lip, and said, “Okay, last question first—I’m just a guy. Uh. Here, see?” He pulled away from the Captain’s grip and shed the armour in pieces that packed into a neat assemblage in the corner of the room. It left him in jeans and a long sleeve henley that was slightly damp with sweat from the flight. “And as for your colonel, well...um. It took us a while to find you, Cap.”
“To move on?” He stepped forward. He was surprisingly light-footed, the articulation of the nanoparticles apparently even more subdivided in this iteration. “I mean, of course. That’s what you’re supposed to do. Obviously, there is a terrible monster inside of me that wants you to miss me forever, because that’s what I’d do if you were gone, but I didn’t actually want that. Still don’t.”
Deep beneath his sternum, a hot coal began to glow. He sucked in a breath, and it seemed only to get hotter. He was losing feeling in his hands.
“Me? I’m not a key, I don’t open shit,” Tony retorted. “Go back where you came from and tell whoever you’re working for there isn’t any key here.”
That damn dancing monkey, redrawn, because it had been the beginning, sort of.
The air smelled of the sea.
Hill gave a short nod, and a glance to Steve. “If you’ll follow me,” she said, without inflection.
“And how are you sleeping?”
“Steve?” Pepper said, “Oh my god, what happened? Bruce, what—?”
“Yeah,” Steve said quietly. “I guess I do.”
“It’s not often that it serves more than one master,” she said. “You must be very special indeed, Steven Rogers.” Then her mouth twisted. “You too, Anthony Stark.”
The door slammed open and both of them jumped. “Okay, Stark, you’ve had your ogling time, now—“ Fury stopped in the doorway, and then his eyes narrowed. “Captain. You’re awake. We weren’t informed.” He sent a glare in Tony’s direction.
He couldn’t tell whether that made him feel better or worse.
“She’s not speaking to me.” Tony’s lack of affect was more telling than any mechanical gesture could have been. “She’s mad I didn’t tell her sooner.”
Then the lights go on the fritz for a week. Steve contacts the super, and gets a vague response about them working on it.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
Steve had gone into the ice expecting never to see the people he cared about again. This wasn't a welcome alternative.
There were no lights on in the workshop, but a large hologram illuminated the room while Tony stood, totally immersed in his work and thinking about any and all things he could change. He didn’t notice the door opening, too caught up in over-analysing his work and mumbling improvements to JARVIS, and didn’t hear the footsteps coming up behind him. There was a deep sigh and the mug and plate were placed down on the desk beside him “Tony.” Steve said softly “Tony.” The scientist grumbled softly in disagreement to an unasked question, making the blond sigh “C'mon, it’s been eight days, you haven’t eaten or slept properly since you came down here.”
“You bring out the worst in me. ” Tony would have scoffed if he wasn’t busy with something else.
“I’m fine.” He said as Steve forced him to turn so that the supersoldier could look over him. There were deep purple bags under his bloodshot eyes, his face pale with both hidden exhaustion and hunger that he tried to ignore in favour of doing work that he could easily fit between looking after himself if he bothered. He was tense, muscles tight under Steve’s hands as the blond rested his hands on the shorter man’s shoulders.
“I worry about you.” Stark rolled his eyes and signed.
“You talk too much.” He mumbled with a smile, watching his lover desperately try to reign in his desperate need to find release. Tony had his eyes closed just gently, his bottom lip caught between his teeth and breathy moans slipped from his mouth, though muffled.
“That’s because I love you. Every bit.” His fingers traced around the arc reactor gently and Tony frowned, even though he was used to Steve’s intense gaze, before tugging on the short blond locks to force eye contact.
“Just a bit longer.“ The blond managed to mutter and rolled his hips desperately “I’m almost there, just a bit… Oh!” He suppressed the urge to bite down to muffle his final moan, instead burrowing his face into the crook of Tony’s neck. In his haze, he still managed to bring a very desperate Tony over the edge, the brunet all but collapsing against Steve’s chest as they both caught their breaths.
“It’s all about the foreplay, baby.” Steve teased gently, though there was something in his voice that showed he was just trying to torture Tony in the best way possible to make him pay for not caring for himself. As he withdrew his index finger, he pushed one of Tony’s legs gently so that he was more exposed, one leg hanging off the couch while Steve prepared his second finger while kissing Tony gently. The noise that Tony made was just amazing when the two digits entered him, his hands flying to Steve’s head so that he could tangle his fingers in the taller man’s hair tightly.
He stepped closer behind Tony, close enough that he was sure that the soldier’s body heat would be felt for definite. His arms snaked around Tony’s waist and he rested his chin on the other man’s shoulder “Really Steve?” Tony seemed to radiate in anger yet Steve didn’t let up, knowing that his little plan would make Tony eventually see it his way. He turned his head slightly and nuzzled his noise against Tony’s neck gently. Though the latter man made a slight disgruntled noise, he didn’t make a move to push Steve’s head away “I’m busy.” He urged, hoping Steve would miraculously decide against this and go away. Hoping doesn’t mean it ever happened.
“Not really.” His fingers started running soft circles against Tony’s waist, his arms not relaxing their grip. His muscles were starting to relax and loosen slightly, his body becoming slightly more pliant but not enough for him to give in entirely to Steve’s plan “You don’t really stay upstairs when you have one of your ideas. You don’t sleep and when you do, it’s down here. I miss you.” He repeated softly, kissing Tony’s neck gently “I miss talking to you.” Another kiss, and his fingers started messing with the waistband of Tony’s slacks “I miss touching you.” Tony had closed his eyes just slightly, head tilted up just barely as his breathing became more relaxed and his body relaxed ever so gently back into his lover’s arms “Miss kissing you.” His lips just ghosted Tony’s neck this time, a gentle smile crossing his face as he heard the hardly there desperate whimper which showed what he already knew. Tony missed it too, but his mind prioritised work and inventions over his own wants and needs “And I miss having you next to me in bed.” The words seemed, to Tony, to curl and flick in the air and to his ears, trying to entice him to relax. He’s stubborn though, and he refused to be proved wrong so he just forced himself back into his working mind. He missed Steve, but he didn’t want to be proven wrong. It was a spiteful pride thing that he’d picked up from his father probably “I’m so horribly lonely at night, you know. I can only imagine what it’d be like for you.” Steve whispered as one of his hands slipped down into Tony’s slacks and he started to tease the inventor with feather-soft touches and barely there strokes along his dick. But he couldn’t keep it up, wanting too encourage his lover sooner to temporarily abandon his work, and he started to properly work his hand across. Tony let out a soft breath of pleasure as Steve lured the darker-haired man deeper and deeper into arousal, his cock hardening more with each enticing stroke Steve did.
“What he’s suggesting is going to get the fewest people
“Hm. Emotional responses might be somewhere else. Okay, that’s useful, thank you.”
“And Stark’ll–”
Tony is quite certain, however, that if he says that aloud, not only will Thor be offended, but Heimdall or whoever will probably descend from the clouds to smite him for his grievous insult. He knows the guy is Norse, but hell, all gods get down with the smite, don’t they?
Steve was not going to ask.
As it happened, Tony was not quite using the Tony Stark Definition of ‘Fine’ (TM)—a.k.a., close to a mental breakdown but hiding it pretty successfully—but he was coming close.
Steve snorts, and clambers to his feet. “I think I’m not the only one who’s made a friend.”
“About 260% okay?” Tony asked knowingly.
“Thanks,” Steve repeated quietly. He pulled away with difficulty, and followed Coulson back into the elevator, and out onto the street.
“One of several,” Natasha said. “They apparently like my style.”
Tony smiled at her with Steve’s mouth, and it was a gorgeous, old smile.
“I’d have been real offended if you didn’t.”
“Captain?” the Ancient One interrupted. “You’re now on a deadline. The longer you linger, here and elsewhere, the more your soul will begin to degrade.”
“Tony, it is in
“Says who?” Steve shot back. Then he stopped. “Whoa.”
hey, did you get the tablet i sent you
Steve could place why he found it familiar, too: it had been the press against the inside of his ribs, the curl of cool air up his spine, the silent support that had helped him breathe and say goodbye to Peggy without breaking down.
Methodically, he began to take them all down.
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
She led him up to a study that Steve hadn’t been in before; it was closer to a nook than an office, under a dormer that let in a flood of light. The desk in the window was piled with papers that were organized just enough that it was very clear that this was Pepper’s space, not Tony’s.
Fury gave him a look. “We’ll talk about it.”
Stephen watched her. “Can I offer you a drink?” he asked eventually.
Her eyes narrowed. “For an amateur, he is doing very well speaking to you,” she said. “Tell me, Stark, have you ever experienced telepathic connections before?”
“Five with restrictions,” Fury answered. “I’m entrusting you all with this information,” he took a moment to glare at Natasha, who remained unmoved, “For the benefit of Captain Rogers. You are now his resources and connections to the modern world. Be considerate and helpful, to SHIELD standards.”
He belatedly became aware of Pepper watching him over her wine glass. He looked up at her and gave a kind of helpless shrug.
“Oh my god,” Tony said, into the quilt.
Bucky looks at Tony, drinks in the patent leather shoes, sharkskin suit, and patterned shirt that should look ridiculous but mostly looks edible, and decides to go for broke.
“...Ugh.”
“What? We still on?” Tony says hopefully. “I suppose the venison’s pretty good too, and Steve’s already said before that he hasn’t had that. Seriously, the man is incredibly deprived.”
“Tony!”
“I tried—”
“Sure, Rogers. You take care.”
Tony saying
“Yeah. I think so. Either that, or they’ve got something else planned for him. Else, why the hell get out here so fast?”
“What?” Bucky whispered back.
Tony tilts his head. “You look exhausted. Go back to bed, I’ll save the drilling for later.”
Her eyes flickered, and slowly emptied. He laid his palm against her cheek. It was still warm.
“Thank
And that’s that.
“Whatever you want,” Steve said.
On the far wall, one of the glass panes lights up. Tony sucks in a breath.
“I didn’t think you would. For one, it wouldn’t work unless we built another glove, the one Tony used wasn’t even made to hold them, he just—actually, I don’t know how the hell he managed to wear them the way he did. Anyway, you wouldn’t and you can’t. But I get the temptation, I get...wanting to fix things.”
armor. She could've been seriously hurt by a blast like that. What she does wear is a military-grade polymer bodysuit - that
"Let go, Double D," Tony says quietly, and cuts his thrusters as Daredevil does just that. Iron Man catches him around the shoulders and swings him into an open window in the building. "Find any more survivors, get them to the roof. War Machine, you're on extraction. No live rounds in the city. FRIDAY, can you patch me through the police?"
His mother dies of a broken neck. The hand retracts like it was never there.
Tony is back in the car with his mother, a hot morning in New York outside St. Patrick's Cathedral. Obie and his father are once again leaning on the hood of the Cadillac, sharing a cigar and talking about work while they people-watch. His mother is running her fingers down the rosary that Tony lost seven years after her death. He never forgave himself for that. There are so many things for which has never forgiven himself.
Stark chuckled, a bit morosely. "That sounds familiar. What's he done?"
"She would be safe with me, Tony."
He doesn't want that for anyone else. Tony's old and beaten and broken and he's
Cloak takes one glance at the royal siblings, Steve's unimpressed face, and the utter blankness of Fury's, and sighs, stepping back. "I'm good, thank you, King T'Challa."
"What?" Sam demands over his chuckles. "What is it?"
Always that. Always the best Steve could. Bucky has been telling him that his whole life - their friendship is big on catchphrases, Steve's noticed - and the only thing that's changed is what Steve is capable of doing.
's more famous stage tricks off of Wikipedia, and Tony steps forward, shakily reaching out and nudging him on the shoulder. "Come on, don't ruin the surprise. Let's grab our seats."
He was so damn happy to see Steve. Had his Tony ever smiled at him like that? Had he ever called Steve a good man? Right about now, Steve's Tony was probably sitting in his Tower, cursing his name as he tinkered with his next terrifying creation. Widening the gap between them just that little bit more. Suddenly, all Steve wanted was for this Tony to stop talking like this, stop looking at him like this.
Peter is speechless, gaping at both the phone and Tony. "I - I - of course, Mr. Stark - Tony! I mean, you can trust me, I swear!"
They don't even look at each other.
“Then it would have been in good cause. I won’t regret it.” Tony grabbed Steven’s hand and pressing it to his chest. “Feel me, Steven. Feel me breathe. Feel my heart beat. Come now, would I leave you so easily?”
"I can't fit in my skin," he tells Rhodey nonsensically, but Rhodey nods like its perfectly logical.
Natasha was right, this suit is slower than before. The thickness of the chestplate has added at least two miles onto his max speed and Tony doesn't have time. He outstrips War Machine as they race across the countryside, the lights of the outer boroughs appearing on the horizon.
Natasha Romanov is hiding one day. The next she is at their breakfast table, slapping her own copy of the Accords in front of a badly startled Tony.
. Full speed ahead."
By that time he's turning the corner into Bruce's lab, raising his eyebrow at the way Natasha is letting the man physically guide her hands into pouring a solution into a smoking beaker. The result is a mess of flames and more steam and Nat, secret pyromaniac that she is, lights up. Normally she would scoff at letting anybody guide her, but she's apparently finally learned that the best way of getting to Bruce isn't to confront him with awkward truths in uncomfortable situations but to confront him with awkward truths in his lab.
-better now than never or some shit
'There's nothing I can do,' he types woefully, but his thumb hovers over the send button. That can't be the only option, to just turn and face the wall and accept being Fury's pawn. He's done that before and it almost ended the whole damn world. Screw Fury's trust issues, the Avengers, even broken, are still a team.
It becomes a thing after that - a game, if you’re Tony. Healing, maybe, for me. He volunteers, once or twice, starts the game himself. I come up, more than once, and it’s hard to listen to, especially the things I wasn’t around for, the impressions Howard left, but we have an unspoken rule now that we don’t interrupt. These are our terrible things. No one else gets an opinion.
"I think my dad," he breathes. "I think my dad might have done something terrible."
He sucks it up and turns to Rhodey, not knowing quite what to expect, but he really shouldn't be surprised by the understanding he finds there. His friend leans forward to rest his forearms on the table, a smile devoid of happiness but not warmth on his face. "You've got a lot on your plate, Tones. Let me and Vision handle this one."
Tony and Natasha watch through the window as Clint resolutely does not answer any of the lawyers' questions. Well, Natasha watches Clint and Tony watches her worry grow larger and larger.
Tony's expression turned a little pensive. Nervous, one might even call it.
"I wish I could come with you," she says, even though it's her choice to stay here. It's a choice Steve respects, especially after Wanda explained how she'd been under the control of one shadowy organization after another, 'of my own volition,' she'd said with a snarl, and that she would like to understand what a semi-normal life was like. He'll worry about her endlessly, stuck here alone. He even broached the option of going back to the States and working with the Avengers, but Wanda shook her head; it's her choice, in the end. She deserves her choice. They all do.
"Fry," he manages. "Did you wake me up?"
"If you're going to kill Chitauri bring back the heads," Gamora called after her sister. "Drax keeps hitting them into the street, we're running out!" At this, Pepper got to her feet, let the faceplate of her Rescue armor drop, and marched over to the players. Those left behind winced as they heard her begin to lecture; having each of them been on the receiving end of Pepper's wrath they sympathized greatly. Fortunately for them, Tony Stark seemed to bear the brunt of them; unfortunately for Pepper Potts, he seemed to be largely immune.
He makes it to the door before Steve can speak around the lump in his throat. "Sam." Sam pauses, but doesn't turn, one hand on the door frame. His shoulders are tense. "You know I always have your back, too, right?"
, sharply before building back up. "Bruce," Tony breathes. "This - this is incredible, don't get me wrong, buddy, but tell me this data isn't showing a drop that close to
"Oh, no," Jan muttered, because Tony's voice had gained a foreboding warble.
Daredevil's image suddenly flares up in the corner of the HUD. "Oscorp's in flames. Lot of people on the rooftops, this guy must have gone after the bottom floors first. I can see some people on the eighth floor-" Tony dimly wonders how but doesn't interrupt. "I'm going in. I'll get them to the roof but the rest is up to you, Avengers." They can hear Daredevil grunt, then a long whistling sound, then a thud. "I'm in. If I don't check in in five minutes, please come get me. Smoke inhalation is not how I'm going out."
"I could -" For the first time ever, T'Challa stumbles and Tony has to fight a laugh when realizes a man that smart was about to give up the game, even though Tony knows the Panther knows Tony knows.
“You believe me?” Steve asked, a bit surprised by the easy acceptance.
"Really? You, Bruce Banner, the Hulk, you of all people are completely okay with super-powered people going wherever they please, doing whatever they want,
Sam exchanges a tight smile with Diamondback when he arrives. "Nomad," he directs at Steve as he approaches, pushing up his goggles. His new name is hard to get used to, so for a moment Steve just stares. Sam looks exhausted in a way Steve has never seen before and he finds himself mindlessly reaching out and grasping his shoulder, only realizing himself at the last moment and using the motion to reel him in.
"Start talking," Steve commands, signalling up to Cloak to retrieve Dagger and Falcon and bring them inside. "Where are the other bombs?"
, that monster, and how Steve was gonna fix it. He was gonna fix his whole world up just right, who cares if he ruins everyone else's to do it?"
He grabs her signed copy of the Accords and with an exhausting bit of strength, tears it in two. "Don't sign these. Seriously, don't let anyone else know you signed this version, because the UN will take you for all you've got. We've got our own individual contracts lined up. Think about what you do and don't want and talk to legal. Until then, there's about eighty-five bedrooms in this place, knock yourself out."
“Tony-“
, because someone was coming to kill them and you know - you know what it's like, right, to sit there and watch people die and you could have stopped it?"
Tony grins at the consternation in his AI's voice. She's never been particularly fond of this 007 business, preferring to get down and dirty.
There are footsteps outside.
"I was calling to ask the same thing!" She says over the phone. She is clearly watching the same explosions blow out window after window from Oscorp just like he is. "Tony, what's happening?"
Still, it's supposed to be fun, and Rhodey is laughing, and all Tony can think of is how much better both of them were a year ago. He mentions tagging out to Rhodey and flies higher than he has all day, letting the repulsors whine down until he's just drifting.
"You realize what you're doing," Steve says, unable to fully comprehend the man in front of him. "People aren't calculations. You are sending in my teammates, my
working together, Widow," he tells her, voice hard, and her expression shuts down and smooths away. "If Rogers wants to help, he's more than welcome. I'm leaving everything up to your discretion."
"And how many times did you practice that in a mirror?" Her laughter is like tiny bells and Cloak looks over, distracted for a moment, until Diamondback drives a shuriken through his shoulder.
The building sense of awe in the face of an engineering masterpiece instantly deflated, and upon further inspection, his friends could see that the suit was also more than a little quirky, with odd clawed feet, a strangely-shaped faceplate that reminded more than one of a hockey mask, and a bright, ostentatious starburst design around the arc reactor.
"You were."
"No shit, Mr. Stark! I shouldn't get carted off to jail just because I want to help."
Tony panics, but there’s no way to take something like that back. “It’s not just my parents. You didn’t tell me about Zemo, either, until it was too late. You were scared of my reaction, weren’t you?” Steve says nothing, eyes still like saucers and Tony closes his eyes. “I just want to know why. What did I do to make you-”
Tony curses softly and shakes his head, trying to get his brain on straight. "Alright. Alright. You sure you're safe, Pepper?"
. Nobody's owed happiness but surely Steve is owed something other than a chosen suicide and a new century where everyone who loved him is gone. He doesn't accept this, he refuses, and he's been putting up his dukes against the universe for four years now trying to beat this down.  He lives his life like a fight; he doesn't know another way anymore. And it felt like every single expectation he received, every secret he uncovered, every burden of command - STRIKE Team, the Avengers - was the universe fighting back.
Stark looked at him, gaze wondrous. "That's you all over, Sheriff. I bet your Tony doesn't deserve you either. You'd best be careful around him."
innocent people."
He looked down, then looked again, agape. “My name! Oh, it’s here! Oh, what's it say? J...A...M...”
"Ms. Maximoff wasn't breaking any laws at the time," Tony reminds the room at large sharply. "Wakanda and Nigeria have already declined to press charges. If the Avengers Initiative could make a statement about the status of the fugitives, it might ease a lot of worries." And maybe get Wanda and Wilson back earlier than expected. A year's house arrest and probation was nothing compared to what might happen if they were arrested now.
Barnes is quiet for several long moments. Then:
. I can’t afford to be gone right now. I’ve got people counting on me back home.” He sounded so angry and
Steve hesitates, then barrels forward. "Look after them, too. For me."
"It'll go to the international courts," Natasha says lowly, reassuring herself. "He'll be - an accessory. To the crime. He evaded the law-"
Tony's whole body locks up in his chair and he gapes ungracefully at the kid for a moment before he remembers how to breathe. "Thanks, Peter."
- and he were leading the team once more.
Steve tries to talk to him, more than once, but sometimes his conversations start with “Bucky needed me-” or “Bucky had no one-” And all Tony can think, the thing that he eventually screams at Steve is: “
Janet's daughter doesn't smile. "Mr. Stark."
He had just sort of forgotten, at some point, how it felt to have hope for himself. He'd forgotten how to fight for himself. (He thinks, more likely, than he has never seen the point in doing so.)
“You nearly died,” Steve gasps. He can’t catch a breath, he can’t stop looking at Tony’s lips, the color coming back to them, such a relief after the way he had watched them turn gray as Tony died,
