The Commandos had lined up their tents together and already had a fire going. When Tony appeared, most of them cheered and Bucky announced, “Now the gang’s all here!”
Norman’s pen stilled against the paper. He did not raise his head but his gaze shifted up to peer at them. He grinned, almost manically, and asked, “Mary Parker?”
Tony opened his eyes and smirked at Steve. That need he felt earlier returned and he wrapped his arms around the man he'd one day marry. They shared a deep kiss as Steve pressed Tony back into the mattress and then slide his finger inside him.
Peter shook his head and chuckled darkly. His head was bowed so she could not see his face and he quickly wiped his eyes before raising his head. His blue eyes met hers and Peter asked, “Did you return Pops’ dog-tag to me?”
“…No, we can’t,” he replied and drew away from her. She watched him in shock as he sat up and pushed himself against the wall and away from her.
It was left unlocked for them and he pulled it open with a grunt. The rest of the team watched, primed and ready to jump at a moment’s notice to help their friend.
“Steve’s not joining your boy band, Eyepatch!” Tony said, pulling his soulmate up to his feet. “Honeymoon phase is starting, Fury, see you in another three years!”
Peter nodded, unable to verbally answer by the constricted wail in his throat. He knew if he opened his mouth he would start sobbing in earnest again and he could not let that happen. He had to be strong, just like he promised Pops he would be.
He was in the hands of a terrorist group known as the Ten Rings. When they realized who he was, they saved his life but were unable to get all of the shrapnel out. They wanted Tony to build them weapons. Tony refused.
“This is so embarrassing,” Peter groaned and fell back into Wade. He'd been hovering over his shoulder and had seen the text too.
This was the man he was going to spend the rest of his life with…who loved Steve as much as Steve loved him. He was a romantic, that would jump at the chance to woo him even after he’d won him over…Before meeting Tony, he’d never thought this possible…that’d he would be so blessed.
“Maybe they should not spar,” Steve murmured as he paused to watch Natasha catch Peter’s tiny fist in the palm of her hand. Natasha was training Peter how to punch with his non-dominant hand. She had no idea what they planned.
Peter jolted to a stop as soon as he stepped into the living room. Across the room, his parents were in the connected kitchen.
Steve stood tall but, on the inside, he felt hallow. One push and he knew his fragile shell would collapse.
It was warm under his touch and quivered lightly. His heart skipped a beat when the shield reached out to him in turn. Black tentacle-like-cords grew around his hand, wiggling in his direction. His Spidey-senses were still not going off so he watched in fascination as black cords reached out and touched his skin.
Bucky nodded and didn’t even flinch when Tony disconnected it from his shoulder. Tony pulled on his enhancing goggles and did what he could to fix the attaching joint that was fused onto Bucky’s shoulder. He removed all the pieces that were digging into his flesh or did not need to be there and then very carefully shut down the connections to the nerves. Bucky flinched a few times but voiced nothing.
“We need to get you down first!” Steve replied. Thor could fly but that was only because of the explosive force of his hammer, could he float up to Peter? Or did they have to get a ladder?
“Do—,” Steve gritted his teeth as the alarm continued to pain his ears. He gasped in question to the robot, “…Do you think heaven is real? Will my Ma and the real Mary be waiting for me?”
“I’m sorry! I’m just extremely distracted by sexy, younger you and you’re not wearing a shirt. And Stark is wearing less! And Stark is hot too!! Your old pictures don’t do you guys justice! Did I come to a sexy alternative universe and not the past??”
“…But what about Tony?” Howard whispered. “What if, even with these protections, he still gets hurt?”
“I know,” Tony replied. “I just wanted one more kiss.” Because he was so thankful for Steve. He managed to drag Tony out of his grumpy mood. He knew how Tony ticked and how to make him happy again. He’d been doing it ever since they met and would continue to do it for the rest of their lives.
Steve scoffed and gasped, “Oh my God, I remember our clichés. I don’t know if that’s a good or bad thing.”
Steve laughed wetly and did as Tony suggested and kissed him. Tony pushed back into the kiss even though it was probably disgusting because Steve was a weepy mess.
“The wedding photo will tell us if it worked,” Cable stated as if he could read Steve’s frantic thoughts. If it weren’t for Tony laying limply in his arms, he probably would have taken the photo out of his pocket right there. Cable continued, “Let’s get him downstairs and ourselves out of here before he wakes up or Rhodes stumbles upon us!”
“What about you?” Steve asked, breaking their kiss. “I know you had a crush on me for a long time but when did you start thinking about asking me out?” Steve and Tony always told people about their silly misunderstanding when they first asked each other out but they had never dived deeper into it.
What was Tony going to do now? Steve was gone and they did not know when he and Venom would reemerge nor what they will be like. Peter was back but he was not the same boy he was weeks prior. He had gone through so many unspeakable horrors and traumas that Tony had no idea how to help him nonetheless where to begin. Tony was screwed up all on his own and…and Steve would have been the one to know what to do. He was always the one who knew what was right and how to help. Tony did not know what to do without his lead.
“Yeah, we watched it all from the ship,” Tony said, as they all broke apart. He exchanged glances with Steve and revealed, “But we also
“I'm sorry for overly worrying,” Wade sheepishly murmured and he squeezed Peter’s grip. He whispered, “You looked like you were on the brink of death when I first pulled you out and it scared the shit out of me…” Peter could see the fear reflected in Wade's gaze as he relived the moment. Wade closed his eyes and continued, “Especially when..." Wade paused and took a shuddering breath before whispering, "For a while there, I thought you were going to go somewhere I wouldn't be able to follow…I thought you were going to die...”
Peter glanced up to the soldier and saw a small smile on his lips. He was trying to alleviate some of his fears and Peter was surprised to feel it working. If Tony did not tell one of his closest friends about Peter then why would he tell SHIELD?
He and Steve fell into each other as soon as the doors sealed and Happy raised the privacy screen between them.
,” Bucky hissed. He began to pace and wildly grab at nothing and continue to curse, “Fuck, fuck, fuck! What did we fuck up?!”
Brock breathed with him and, after a few breaths, shakily asked, “Can you send me all the readings you have?”
Like at their tower, Osborn had a private elevator that went straight to the living quarters on top of the tower. Steve and Tony followed Harry into the lift.
“You too,” Steve replied. His eyes twinkled for a moment but then suddenly that light went out. Steve looked down in shame and whispered, “Schmidt…his machine…it took a lot out of me. There’s a lot of patches…a lot of things I can’t remember –.”
But he won’t do that…he wanted to deliver his final blow with the brat watching. He wanted him to see that
His mind was in a whirlwind, trying to put the pieces back together. None of it made sense. Why was Steve kissing him this morning and pushing him away right now??
Over the years, Hydra grew and, like a tree root, it found its way into governments or other powerful organizations by meandering its way into cracks.
Norman had no love for them either and none of them had seen one another since the contract he worked on with Tony ended. He had not even attended their wedding when invited, not that Steve minded.
Steve nodded to Pepper and turned back to the super spies. He murmured, “Let’s go into the other room. Do either of you want something to drink or eat?”
“Don't kill him, Tony!” Steve gasped, pushing the Solider back. Steve could hear the whine of his repulsors, he knew Tony had them at full blast and they could be fatal. Steve gasped, “I've got this! I don't want to hurt him!” To the Soldier, Steve gasped, “I'm here for you, Buck!”
The lightening coming off the reactor all clustered together and surged upward. Steve grabbed Tony’s dangling arm and swung him up. Using the inertia, he threw him clear of the blast and let go.
Steve knew he'd eventually bring it up. He thought they'd share in their grief and provide a shoulder for Bucky to cry on.
The world around him was glowing and, for a moment, his first thought was that he was dead and this was heaven. But, after blinking a few times, he realized it was one of Tony’s holograms. The entire city was laid out around him and he was laying in the projection of the Hudson River. A ferry boat floated over his knee and Steve watched it go by in confusion.
Tony carded his fingers over his stomach where some of his scars were and murmured, “You saw all of me the other night. Don’t tell me the reactor distracted you from the rest of me?”
Peering at his feet, Peter stated, “T-That guy…The one the media was calling the Goblin. He was my friend and he – Harry, blamed me for what he became and…it is my fault. My blood did that to him. But anyways, he realized I was Spider-Man and he wanted to get revenge. Harry took Gwen to the top of a clock tower and was going to drop her…” Peter paused, his throat became too tight. He had never voiced this aloud. He had always grieved for Gwen alone. Tony came up to him and gently placed his hand on Peter’s back. He flinched but then leaned into his touch. He whispered, “I caught her and placed her on the walkway and then fought with Harry. Harry’s glider broke away from him and crashed into the walkway. It broke and she fell…”
Tony shook his head with a smile but got to one knee right at the front door and grasped one of Steve’s hands and asked, “Will you marry me, Steven Grant Rogers, mon capitaine of my heart?”
Tony pulled out of the hug and cupped the side of his face. His eyes were wistful as he whispered, “You are brave, Steve.”
“Hmmm, would my alternative self still be this sexy?” Tony mused, biting down on his lip and wiggling his eyebrows suggestively at Steve.
Someone had managed to record the hearing with a hidden camera despite the judge ruling that it would be a closed session. The video was blurry but picked up all the voices that testified…including Tyler’s.
Bucky sat beside him and carded his fingers together slowly, as if he needed the time to calculate the move.
“I didn’t know you had blue eyes,” Peter stated, he wasn’t paying attention before at the wedding. He wrapped his arms behind Wade’s neck, pressing them closer together. Peter made sure to openly stare at Wade to let him see he wasn’t disgusted or wary about his face. This was exactly what Peter wanted. This was Wade. This was the man who had changed everything he thought he knew about himself. He wanted every little bit of Wade, scars and all.
“That hammer’s gotta have something in it,” Tony murmured. Tony paused the video with his eyes focused, not on Thor, but the behemoth he was fighting. He continued, “But enough about that, what about the thing he was fighting? What kind of metal is the robot made of? What’s its power source? How the hell is it held together? It looks
Wade murmured something similar but Peter was too busy frowning at his fellow intern to notice the social nicety. Eddie avoided his gaze.
It was weird at first for Tony. He had grown used to eating whenever he felt the urge but now he had a structured schedule. It was weird…but it was a good weird.
“The render is complete,” Jarvis stated. A golden version of his suit slowly spun on the screen, giving him a full 360 of he new design. Tony returned his attention back to the computer screen and felt his spirits lift when he saw the finished rendering.
Happy was frowning but his upset was only directed at Peter. He asked, “Are you sure you do not want to return to the Tower?”
Jarvis was not allowed to operate the suit if Tony was in it. The only cases in which Tony allowed him to do so was if Tony was unconscious or if he commanded Jarvis to take control. It was something he implemented early on into his life as Iron Man when Jarvis kept overriding control to get Tony out of danger.
! Tony’s implant hadn’t beeped with a restart yet! Steve’s heart was still pumping and Tony had to keep him alive as long as it would take him to heal.
“No, they will not elaborate as well. Fury says we should have answered the call,” Jarvis stated. “They’re landing, Ma’am.”
,” she countered with more emotion. She sat up and cupped his face with both of her hands, forcing him to look at her. She sighed, “I don’t even know if you want to be called James anymore…I know you used to go by Bucky but, either way, I love
Steve paused in his stride and opened the link. As he took in the article, he slowly sat down on the bed and his heart sank as all the good and joyful feelings left him.
you could fuck me?” Tony countered with a slick smile and pulled Steve back to the bed that materialized behind him.
Pepper had left him a message on his phone about going into the office early that morning, so it was just Tony and Bucky alone all day.
“Steve…” Tony sighed, pulling on his hand again. When Steve’s glassy gaze met his, Tony whispered, “Hold me.”
“I don’t know…” Howard whispered. One moment they had been driving to Howard’s new lab and the next they were on the side of the road. Did they blow a tire? Hit an animal?
Steve followed Tony, buoyed by Tony’s hold on him, and he tightened his grip. Tony glanced behind him and saw a smaller more private smile on Steve’s face and it made Tony’s insides bubble excitedly.
Peter would randomly check his phone and the countdown of his hours turned into minutes. Midnight was upon him before he knew it.
He didn’t have a chance to mourn for his father because Wade’s arm snapped around him and he whispered Peter’s name in a low voice. It was with a tone he’d never before heard from the merc and it made Peter pause.
Tony instantly grabbed Bucky’s arm, staying any form of the attack the man might fight back with. Bucky’s muscles were tense beneath Tony’s grip and he was trembling in suppressing himself.
He found additional support from Uncle Bruce who counselled him through the feelings he did not want to talk to Dad about like what he had gone through with Venom.
Schmidt looked like he was holding back his laughter and he stated the final trigger with relish, “Freight car.”
Steve smiled and nearly collapsed within himself with his relief. With a wet voice, he gasped, “You had me at Tony.”
Bucky turned back to the ocean again. He was clearly searching for something, but it was more internal than external.
Tony flushed to himself as he imagined Steve with his lovers. Was he this gentle with them? An image of what he imagined flashed through his mind with Steve and a man with his face cast in shadow. They both were naked and Steve's hands were running over the other’s chest very similarly to what he was doing with Tony.
“Pete, I loved and trusted a man with loose morals and I looked the other way because he was there for me when my father died. Do you know what he did to me in the end?”
He continued like Tony hadn’t said anything (another Pepper quirk that made Tony grin) and Steve said, “I don’t want to come out if I don’t have someone seriously by my side so we need to keep this out of the media.”
Vision nodded, his way of saying you’re welcome and then he rose into the air cradling the orb in both hands. They watched him until he phased through the wall and disappeared. Tony watched the spot for a few extended seconds, just to make sure Vision and his cargo were gone. When the android did not reappear, Tony turned to Steve and asked, “Have you seen any of the
Steve was going to die without knowing another’s affection and it just wasn’t right. Tony stated, “I mean…” He couldn't believe he was doing this and stated, “The feeling is mutual.”
Sitwell haltingly began to review his intel. Sitting beside Natasha, Steve was able to hear him clearly but he glanced in the front to see what Tony was working on. All he saw was code on the laptop screen and he couldn’t make heads or tails of it.
“How…strange,” Steve murmured, thinking back to the first day Tony had entered his life with a world of bright colors to the day he became a self-conscious toddler and Steve saw his soulmate for the first time. Now he was a man in his prime. A CEO, an inventor, and a connoisseur.
Someone was shaking him, but Steve didn’t notice. His life and vision had narrowed to where his hands gripped the cold ground where the love of his life once lay. But now the space was a horrible void just like the empty feeling in his chest.
Tony sat up, breaking their embrace and hissed, “Okay, now I am freaking out. Is Peter dating some supervillain?”
Steve’s head snapped up and his fear overrode whatever fatigue or pain he was feeling. When?! How?! He gasped, “T-Tony??”
Steve fell onto his side next to Tony, huffing as he caught his breath. Tony was also breathing deeply and Steve’s eyes were drawn to his chest to watch how he breathed with the reactor sitting in the middle of it.
“The Captain is in a coma,” the doctor stated, saying the very words echoing ominously in Coulson’s mind. It had been a week since Rogers was brought into the hospital, a week since he was operated on, and a week since he’d been conscious. Captain Rogers was healed and should no longer be unconscious at this point. Yet, the Captain wasn’t stirring. The doctor continued, “I have never seen a coma like it before. It is like he is in a medically induced coma but, we are not the cause of it. For some reason, the Captain will not wake, his heart is beating slower than it should be, and he is showing signs of only minimal brain activity…It is a miracle he survived but, maybe, only his body survived and Steve Rogers gave up.”
He went to the bar and ordered Pepper's drink but then he saw his last conquest, Miss Christine Everhart of Vanity Fair, and she shoved photographs into his hands. Those pictures made Tony's focus narrow onto the images in his hands and Pepper's drink and the Enigma were forgotten.
Steve nodded and added the placard to the pile and then tied the other end of the shirt so it was sealed up.
was the one to fly the plane and crash, not Steve. But whatever Zemo had done to him made it that he survived the crash. He stayed frozen in the ice for over 70 years until…
Steve sighed and reached out to Tony. Tony’s eyes flickered to his outstretched hand then, after a brief pause, took it into his grasp. Steve squeezed his hand and whispered, “Yes, you are a
So the last chapter will most likely take longer to come out as I'm gonna need that sleep! But, no worries, I have already written out the next scene (I couldn't stop after THAT last scene) and will work on it when I have free time! I can't leave y'all hanging for long after what I just did to Tony!
I went back and added a little more to both ch 5 and 6 a few days after posting it! It does not change the story line much, just adds more to Steve's guilt. So those of you who read it when I first posted might want to reread it!
Bucky‘s expression was blank as he ran his fingers through Steve’s hair. His blue eyes studied Steve as if searching for something. He leaned forward and chastely kissed Steve on the lips. Steve was about to murmur a protest but Bucky placed his fingers on his lips, silencing him.
Steve was still holding his shirt up partly so Tony was able to touch his arc reactor in wordless explanation. Steve’s eyes followed his hand and widened when he touched the device that kept him alive.
Steve needed to hold his son right now. He needed to show him that he was alright. He needed to comfort him after losing his favorite uncle. He needed to be there for him.
Ben nodded and said, “Richard told me after a particularly bad mission. He wanted me to know in case he and Mary did not come back…Like now with the years it had been since I last heard from either of them. They’re dead, aren’t they?”
Bruce leaned in curiously as Tony scrolled through all the files pertaining to Project Rebirth. Tony nodded to all the information and asked, “Shall I download it?”
Snow was falling gently but steadily and settled on the robot. It tilted its head to the side and some of the flakes slid off. It murmured, “Hello, brother.”
Nonetheless, he was going to survive this. Venom was not going to hurt his son anymore. They accounted for everything and even had SHIELD as backup this time.
There were a lot of hugs and excited exclamations shared in various languages as the groups intermingled. Steve watched it all with a found smile and overheard the scientists catching up and trading information. Eventually, an Indian man was lead over to him by the Russian’s leader.
“Well you are a very lucky man to be alive,” the man replied gravely. “You were on the brink of death when they brought you in here and…and you healed miraculously fast. I am the camp doctor by the way, I am Sergey, Sergey Pavlov.”
“Yeah, it’s about a time traveler with a big head,” Steve sarcastically retorted in a quiet whisper.
Yet he held back, knowing he’d have a warrant out for his arrest as soon as he crossed the state line. He knew going against his bail agreement and being jailed would look really bad in a trial. The prosecution would paint him as a deviant who doesn’t follow the law. So Steve would stay there…and every person who was hurt or killed as a result would weigh heavily on his conscience for the rest of his life…
He began doing just that, stubbornly walking up the rubble to where they were all going to meetup and assess what to do next. They got out the last of the survivors so all that was left was cleanup, statements to SHIELD, and giving the press a summary of what happened.
Bruce snickered and then replied, “It’s an article on terraforming and we were just debating the principle of the matter. But, soon we might be reading about you in here. Is what Tony said true? You’ve successfully constructed the bioshield?”
Tony threw back his head and laughed. Steve also grinned but it vanished with a whimper as Tony kept massaging the lube onto him from two fronts.
The edges of his vision was darkening and, when the Soldier eventually lowered his gun, Tony couldn't tell if what he was seeing was real or not.
“Shh,” Ben hushed him. He rubbed his back and rocked him gently like Steve would do with Peter. He softly murmured, “He knew how much you cared for him.
Steve’s heart began to beat even faster and the tips of his fingers dug a little deeper into Tony’s jaw. Swallowing down his nervousness, Steve stated with conviction, “You’ll escape. You will both escape and go home.”
Howard’s fingers spasmed on the clipboard he was holding and he fully faced Steve, giving him all of his attention. He gasped, “It can be used as an element in a catalyst converter too. Are you telling me that robot has a catalyst converter in it?? What else is it made of??”
“Minus living in poverty, the acceptable homophobia, and TB?” Tony added with a smirk and gently carded his fingers through Steve’s.
Steve nodded and let himself be pulled in the direction of the bed. Tony crawled on first and Steve followed him and crawled over him as Tony lay down on his back. Steve positioned himself over his soulmate so they were parallel and he gently kissed Tony with no urging. Tony just as gently returned the kiss, lightly caressing his fingers over Steve’s back as he did.
“You’re such a romantic,” Peter drawled sarcastically, wounding his arms behind Wade’s neck to draw him closer.
But because of Tony’s crazy idea to protect him with a “fake” relationship, Steve had never before been so true to himself than ever before now.
Since they had to be quick, they didn't have time to prepare each other but Tony showed him how to stimulate sex by humping each other between slicked up thighs and it was near close enough. They each took turns pounding into each other until they both were sated messes and back to laying on the bed, smiling at each other and their filth.
Norman looked more amused than alarmed. He was completely relaxed in Steve’s hold and asked, “Why, Captain, did I hit a sore spot? I was only respecting an employee’s privacy. This woman isn’t a relation to you. You’re acting like –
Clint’s grin reflected Peter’s and he sent his gift flying across the room with a flick of his wrist. It bounced off the wall, behind the giant rabbit, and landed on top of its head.
“Don’t you fucking dare!” Tony hissed. Steve took another step away and shot him an apologetic look.
Working on it was great. It forced him to focus. To not think about the press, his dad, or anything else.
with the Man of Iron leading us to draw the Red Skull’s attention. One against many would surly falter but a team against the same force will stand stronger. Meanwhile, the Winter Soldier, who knows the layout of the building better than all of us, can go in and save our comrade while we fight.”
The rest of the guests trickled in and Friday announced them like a herald. Those who were used to the AI found it amusing, like Logan or Kitty. His friends from his life as boring old Peter Parker were a
Tony’s hand shot out and grabbed Steve’s arm, he whined, “No, don’t go. I want to post-ejaculate cuddle and then use your smelly lubricant to get some penetrative sex going.”
Natasha instantly drew her pistol and shot at the ceiling. Fire was returned and Clint pushed Steve aside to avoid being hit by the bullets. Natasha did the same for the men in the front and kept firing until she emptied her clip.
“Okay!” Steve said loud enough to stifle Tony’s struggles. If he kept moving like that, God knows what kind of damage the needle of the syringe would do to his throat or what would happen if any of that blue liquid would do if it escaped. He placed his hands on the ground and repeated, “Okay, I will do it.”
“You have a lot of SHIELD agents running around like a chicken with its head cut off,” she observed with a smirk.
They bantered the rest of breakfast until Tony slipped away to start on his “funtime.” Steve cleaned the dishes in the sink, ignoring the dishwasher, and then noted there was some grease on the stove so he took the grills off the burners and started to clean them too.
Tony had obtained her medical files illegally so they could not be used in trial but, with the multiple testimonies, Tyler’s credibility was crumbling. No cameras were allowed in the courtroom but it was still open to courtroom reporters who jotted down every instance of the trial. Every day, the rest of the world indirectly heard their testimony and collected evidence. Social media was discussing it on all the available forums and support for Steve’s case was growing.
Steve’s eyes flickered down and he bit back a groan. It was the most erotic sight he had ever seen. He was fully erect, his penis bright red against honey-licked skin of Tony’s hand. Tony’s fingers were wrapped around the base of his shaft and his face was a hair’s width away from it.
“We will have your bail posted within the hour,” one of the lawyers whispered in his ear as he was being pulled to his feet by the corrections officer.
The black mass trembled but seemed to believe him. It shrunk again, this time returning to its shirt form. He caught Wade as he collapsed onto Peter. Again, Peter held him tightly and tears blurred his vision.
I am going to mark this series as complete but maybe one day I will write another fic with Peter as a part of the Avengers and fighting the Goblin but, as of right now, I do not have any kind of plot for that story... Subscribe to me or this series just in case if you're interested (maybe it will happen or maybe it won't, only the future will tell)! ;)
Steve saw red and surged across the table and picked Norman up by his suit lapels. He lifted him out of his chair and half dragged him across the desk.
“Thank you for that, Wade,” Steve stated sincerely. He looked up from the grill and said, “There was only so much my husband and I could do for Peter and I did not see him open up until he talked about you.”
At first, Steve approached the situation eagerly. This was the first time he’d be able to fight with Tony. He no longer had to wait in their dreams and worry.
Bucky made no move to touch the food so Tony sighed and paused in his work to say, “Dig in, jerk. We got this specifically for you.”
Tony snorted and settle back on to the pillow with a smile on his face. He was starting to settle down but then he could hear the faint sound of music coming from Peter’s room. His smile expanded into a face splitting grin and he proudly whispered, “Peter likes Classic Rock.”
They chuckled under their breaths and Tony picked the towel off the ground and slowly dragged it up Steve's side. Steve stood still as Tony took his time wiping up the moisture from Steve's skin. Tony somehow made drying off alluring with his heated glances and teasing touches. Steve became aroused and Tony, of course, left his cock to dried off last.
Steve hummed in agreement and stood, his towel falling to the ground now too…not that he’ll need it.
His mind reeled from the revelation. Peter had been juggling with his feelings toward Wade and Peter's own sexuality ever since they started dating but now it’d come to fruition.
Wade smiled at the teasing face Peter made toward the blond and Steve’s resulting squawk of indignation.
Steve crumpled in on himself and just screamed. The sound tore at his throat as it displayed all his horror and pain. The scream was continued until there was no more breath left in his lungs and he curled into a ball with a whimper. His entire body felt like a horrible prison, punishing his soul with this burning pain. It took home several large, gasping breaths for Steve to regain control of his body.
Peter smacked a hand over his face just as Steve elbowed Tony and hissed his name with embarrassment.
Steve rubbed his face and groaned, he felt like a teenage girl with her first crush. When he was attracted to Bucky, he never went through these kinds of reactions. Then again, he had known Bucky his entire life and Bucky never used pet names like “Captain Handsome.” He knew what to expect with Bucky but Tony was always an enigma.
Smiling wily, Tony slowly caressed the exposed skin, starting at his shoulder and tracing down to the top of his thigh. Steve was shaking by the time he was done.
However, there was now a downward hunch to his shoulders that was never there before and his gaze was clouded, as if he were not completely there with them. Even his voice had lost its usual tenor. It was like Peter had taken a piece of Bucky with him and Bucky had barely survived the amputation.
Steve stretched forward and kissed his fiancé, pressing him deeper into the mattress. Tony groaned into his mouth and dropped the bottle in favor of  digging all of his fingers into Steve’s scalp. Tony then wrapped one of his legs around his waist and dug his heel into Steve’s backside, pushing their hips together.
Steve stared down at him in a shocked expression making Tony giggle like a madman. Steve smiled and silenced him by claiming his mouth again. Tony’s heart soared and he dug his fingers into Steve’s hair and gasped into his mouth, “
Tony and Bruce went to the “secret” lab and they met up with Coulson in front of the building. Tony had called him in route and told him why they were coming. Unsurprisingly, he did not look too happy.
She had heard it happened to some of the more veteran assassins, especially those who have been in the program since they were young children. She’d already forgotten her real last name but held onto her first name like it was a lifeline.
They ended up needing to gasp for breath again, still getting used to the concept of needing to breathe while kissing. They shared a chuckle and Tony took that moment to slick up his fingers. Steve nodded and lay back. Tony leaned over him and peppered him with kisses as he prepped him, another task that took longer in the real world, but neither really noticed as they worshipped each other.
Peter turned in Wade’s arms so that they were finally facing each other and lay his hand on the side of Wade’s neck, where the mask ended. He replied, “I wanted to see
Peter’s heart still clenched. Wade didn’t seem to understand the depth of Peter and his father’s relationship nor the fragile line they both walked on to keep it. What he said was insensitive to Tony but also cruel to Peter. He didn’t want to be
They settled onto their sides, still periodically kissing, but their bodies began to relax and sleep began to leaden their limbs and eyelids. They ended up falling asleep, their faces nestled together, and their hearts full of their tender love for each other and the equally tender future that awaited them...
“You’re trying to distract me from the fact that you’re about the get the cylinder removed from your chest and bone grafted into the space to strengthen your rib cage.”
The bullets did not bounce off the symbiote’s skin but, as long as it was concentrating, it kept its body liquefied enough to have the projectiles pass through him without causing any damage.
With such tense muscles in his arms, he suddenly felt warm blood begin to ooze down his arm as another stitch popped.
…Th-Then I had to watch that love crumble as Venom consumed him. This is more than guilt, Stark. It’s what you humans call…heartbreak, isn’t it?”
Steve glanced down at his son. Peter’s face and hands were covered in pink syrup from the melted ice cream. His eyes were dancing with joy as he devoured the last of the cold cream.
Tony was not joking when he said he had been walking around in his armor. He must have been talking to Steve through the comm link in his helmet. Tony always put those he loved first before himself. Steve knew with the chips in Tony's arm he could control the armor without saying a word. He probably ordered the armor on Pepper before the missile hit.
Tony would recreate the robots or motherboards he was working on and explain what he was trying to do to Steve. He’d even started to teach Steve how these things worked. Steve was intimidated at first, but, was eventually beginning to understand what Tony was doing.
Tony’s eyes grew large when he saw Steve coming toward him. Steve just barely was able to reach the same bar Tony hung off of.
Tony paused, ran his tongue over his lip, and then bit down on it again. Steve bit the inside of his cheek to muffle a moan.
“So after gaining our trust, deceiving my son so he thought you were his biological mother, and then practically killing him all because a big green fairy tale creature told you to…you suddenly are starting to feel a little remorseful.”
“Master Rogers seems to be having a panic attack but wishes to not bother you or the others until he settles it on his own.”
Tony’s gaze dropped. He had to tell him the truth but he could not look at him while he did it. Steve continued to grip his thigh so Tony placed his hand over Steve’s. He was pleased by the fact he did not pull away and gathered every ounce of courage from it he could...though most of it burned up in the fiery tornado of anxiety churning in his chest.
“With this swelling...this looks like some kind of reaction to an infection, specifically in your veins,” Gabe murmured thoughtfully. He put his medical bag on the table and rummaged through it. He pulled out a small bottle with a clear liquid and then stuck it with a syringe.
Steve did look better. He was standing and that pained glaze from his eyes was gone. Was he really okay now?
“History tells us, Captain Rogers died for his country in the line of duty in 1945, a few months before the end of the war. But I am here to tell you differently.” Tony paused as a murmur rumbled through the room. He cleared his throat and silence fell. He continued, “On Independence Day of this year, I met the man himself.”
“Where are we going?” Steve asked, finally letting his eyes close, hoping it would help with the sick feeling growing within him.
Steve and Tony exchanged smirks and Steve replied, “No, but this winter I am going to marry the love of my life.”
He collected Tony as close as he could to Steve’s broad chest and wrapped himself around his soulmate. The darkness would to go through him first if it wanted his soulmate.
“Sure,” Tony said, already planning on barging in on wherever they were interrogating him. He would get past their security at the front desk and follow his tracker to Steve.
Tony jolted and grabbed his chest as he gasped, “Shit! Buck! Don’t sneak up on me like that! I’ve got a heart condition!”
Tony thought back to the projection of the older version of his father the alternative Jarvis had shown him. What would it had been like with Howard, knowing what he did now? Would they have worked together like they did in the alternative timeline? Would his father smile warmly at him like he was proud like he had in the projection? Would Tony call him “Dad”?
Tony was bleeding badly and struggling to breathe. Steve wanted to be by his side and help him with his wounds but, as soon as he stopped fighting Bucky, he knew the Winter Soldier would attack.
“What the hell is he doing here, Thor?!” Tony hissed, getting to his feet. Peter grasped Tony’s shirt tightly and stared at his father with obvious concern.
A horrified look of desolation fell upon Steve’s husband. Tony took a step back as if to escape Steve’s plea.
“You got your perp walk, I hope you’re both happy!” Tony growled to the detectives. “Now ask your pointless questions and when we leave you better give us the courtesy of leaving out the back door or your department is going to suddenly find itself with a significant budget cut!”
Tony turned back to Bucky and found him staring at him with a broken expression and a white-knuckled grip on his knee.
Tony reached down and grasped Steve’s length too, making Steve hiss into Tony’s mouth. Then Tony held both of their cocks together and began to rub. Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck as he was momentarily overwhelmed with the sensation. Once he got enough of his senses back, he joined his hand with Tony’s and pressed his forehead to Tony’s, so they were staring at each other as they made one another come.
What if he was still sick? What if he wasn’t going to get better? What if he was worse than when he had last saw him?
thrilled. Tony’s dreams were coming true and he had the happiest smile on his face when he came back to the Tower. Steve could not help but share in that joy…and, it seems, he lowered his inhibitions as well…
Peter playfully slipped out of Wade’s arms, taking the flowers with him, and asked, “So what do you want to do tonight?”
Steve opted to run to the nutrition supply truck instead of replying. His heart raced faster than it ever did before and he prayed devoutly to God:
,” Tony growled. “They’re going to post this kind of crap even if they know it’s not true! They’re just doing it to sell the story!”
.” Tony reached over and ran his hand over Steve’s inner thigh, his hand coming within a hair’s width of his crotch.
Steve kept his face passive but he clenched his leg with his fist. They hadn't discussed a background story with Tony! Did he just inadvertently lead Tony into another situation where he'd have to reveal his identity? Steve mentally hit himself in the head. He was supposed to be a master tactician but he'd been tripping over his feet since Tony revealed himself.
I am handing it over. BUT what’s more likely going to happen is that you’ll be poked and prodded and nobody wants that…So the solution’s simple. Let’s get you a new identity.”
One of his voices was chanting [YES!] repeatedly in the background but Wade didn't even notice it as Peter slowly lowered his zipper and then pulled down his jeans and panties together.
“I take this as you being selfish,” Bucky rasped against his flesh. He nibbled on his collarbone, peeking out from behind the neck of his shirt.
when Han and Leia meet Vader at a dinner table. It ended with Leia’s boyfriend being tortured…Not that his dad would do that…Vader and Tony’s motives were
“What do expect when you wake me up so early after keeping me up all night?” Peter sleepily murmured.
Tony was glad to be able to banter with Steve again and glad they can still share in their friendship.
Tony grinned and Steve stopped in front of him with only inches to spare. Still grinning, Tony tilted his head to the side and lightly placed his fingertips on Steve’s chest. This tiny spot of contact electrified him and Steve stood straighter.
Steve stared off into space at nothing in particular. His mind was mercifully devoid of thoughts. He knew he was in shock and he did not care. At least he was no longer thinking about his son’s horrible fate.
Bucky would have. If he was willing to risk it all to save Tony, Bucky would support him. He knew Tony meant the world to Steve. Just as Natasha had meant the world to Bucky...
“That wasn’t the man I interacted with today,” Steve steely stated. “And you would have seen that too if you’d just open your eyes and try to see past your own opinions.”
Peggy was already crouched down and firing at the enemy like a machine made to kill. She didn’t notice him slip from her side. He reached into the trunk of the truck he was living out of and grabbed his own ray gun.
Wade didn’t let go of him and grumbled, “You don’t need to. I didn’t leave the window open in the first place.”
“Buck, snap out of it. It’s me, Steve. Steve Rogers. We were sparring. We used to do as kids and during the War. Remember?”
“Are you sure?” Thor stepped forward and murmured, “According to Heimdall, and the Son of Coul,” he nodded his head to Coulson and continued, “I was instrumental in waking our Captain during his last healing sleep. Will I need to do more?”
Bucky sat back down and Tony went to his side and popped the arm in. He designed it to disconnect and reconnect easily. It’d make it easier for Tony to update or repair. It locked in automatically and Tony watched the process with a proud smile. Bucky was able to move the arm in seconds. He tested the joints and fingers by moving them around in front of him.
Steve had just been himself. He let Tony into the embrace of his big heart and Tony stupidly jumped in blind, not thinking of the consequences…
“Crap…” Tony murmured. The picture was of Steve hyperventilating, his face stark with shock and Tony holding his hands and looking scared as he stared at Steve.
“Nothing yet,” Sam replied. “Natasha, Clint, and Coulson are doing a sweep. If anyone can find him, it’s them.”
Steve raised his shield in time to deflect the blow but it struck the shield with such a force that Tony was blown off his feet and the surrounding area was hit by a shockwave powerful enough to knock over some trees.
“You probably do not remember me…” A woman’s voice said on the other side of the line and Steve relaxed slightly. He was expecting threats or gunfire. He worried one of the Mandarin’s people might have had the gall to go up to Tony’s front door.
Logan glared at him and Wade sighed over dramatically, “Okay, fine, you got me. Something may have been bothering me.” Wade sighed heavily and Logan took a sip out of his beer, waiting on him to continue. “Peter wants to eventually come out to the press…”
Dad fell back into Pops and both men erupted into a fit of uncontrollable giggles. Peter rolled his eyes and murmured, “Real mature, guys…”
Peter smiled widely and then stepped through the holo screen to close the distance between him and Tony as quickly as possible. He embraced his father in a tight hug and whispered into his neck, “Thanks, Dad.”
The armor closed around him and he stood. Pepper scrambled to her feet and hissed, “Tony, you are in no condition to be doing anything but going to the hospital!”
This series might be done but I am not done writing! I already have two more fics in mind: a Steve/Tony Fake Boyfriends AU called The Cover and a Steve/Bucky Soul mate AU called One Soul. Both I came up with while writing Warm! :3
Tony settled against Steve and closed his eyes. Steve was his fiancé, they had a son, and now he was free of the reactor.
It was Tony’s turn to flush as he imagined what Steve proposed and Tony murmured, “I can actually picture that. A dinner date on top of the Tower and then dancing in my lab.”
Tony looked beyond the fire to the sea of dark tents and dead or dying fires like their own. It was so quiet it felt like they were the only ones awake…but Steve was right…someone could see them… They were one of the few things being illuminated by the last of the light.
He stopped and waited for the smoke to clear. Most of the forces he’d been firing at were gone, either scattered or fallen.
Peter didn’t have to ask what he was talking about. He considered it for a moment and then replied, “No, I don’t miss it…I think the risks outweigh the benefits. Venom tried to control me but I am my own person…”
Steve stayed silent, not wanting to interrupt Tony. He adjusted Peter in his hold and darkly wondered who had shot at them.
Steve waited outside Howard’s tent and jumped on the man as soon as he stepped out. Howard raised a finger to his lips, indicating to be quiet. Steve kept his mouth shut in a thin line and followed Howard stiffly as he walked away from the tent.
“C’mere you,” Wade hissed and pulled Peter into his arms. He pressed his face into Peter's chest with a big grin, loving him and that moment. Peter's heart beat frantically just underneath Wade’s cheek and Peter wrapped his arms around Wade's head with a surprised laugh.
“I…I didn’t think it was this serious,” Tony murmured, his voice no longer as jovial as he was reminded of the state of his chest. Tony turned his head to the side and listened to Steve’s faint heartbeat. Tony’s heart twisted as he remembered waking up to that same sound and feeling so happy…how could that already feel like it occurred centuries ago?
Steve just knocked out an inmate, after the man had dragged him into the Tower. But this new voice was filled with so much loathing that Steve turned around with his shield raised, expecting immediate trouble.
??” Bruce clarified. He put down his spoon and paused in eating his oatmeal. “What have you three been doing?”
Steve raised his head to deliver a level look at his boyfriend. He dryly asked, “Is your head not screwed on right? Do I need to call psyche?”
“I know,” Uncle Bucky gritted but he did not stop his pacing or release Peter. Pops once told Peter that Uncle Bucky held Peter as a last line of defense. When Peter was a toddler, and his uncle was just beginning to recover his memories, he held Peter all the time. He used Peter as an anchor and, whenever he felt himself slipping, he grabbed onto Peter.
“Neither of them were ready! I shouldn’t have pushed for this! I should have waited until Dad was used to the idea and I’d been able to tell Wade more of our history!” Peter fell on to the closest couch and gasped, “I messed up!”
Steve started to accept missions from SHIELD again and Tony suddenly found his bed empty most nights.
The train rarely stopped and, the few times it did, the trains were inspected. Steve, however, easily avoided the inspectors at each stop.
“They’re very clean animals,” Tony retorted smartly, rocking Peter a little. He murmured to his son, “I think your dad is teasing me, Peter…”
Tony laughed and wound his arms behind Steve’s head and whispered against his lips, “I love how meticulous you are.”
Tony wanted to love. He wanted Steve by his side for years and years to come but… Tony was cursed. Every relationship he attempted ended in glorious failure. It was a gift that he and Pepper were able to remain friends after their breakup and he attributed to the fact that she was such an amazing woman. All the other woman he dated despised him and he could not risk Steve hating him so in the end.
And even if he did find a replacement core, it still didn’t fix the most basic and problematic failure with the reactor.
He sat on a chair beside the bed as to not disturb him and, once Dum Dum closed the door behind him, Steve let himself slump under the mass of his emotions. Telling Peggy about his death, Tony’s flagging health, and Bucky’s own demise all weighed heavily on him. He still couldn’t believe Bucky was gone. Sometimes he half expected him to barge into the room and demand Steve take care of himself.
Iron Man broke one of the chains holding him up with a blast from his repulsor and caught Steve. He caught him with one arm and they drooped down a few feet. He replied, “Yes, it is! Now let’s get you out of that suit and Rhodey in it.”
Bucky did not like Fury and Tony didn’t want his friend to have to deal with him anymore than he had to, so he had taken the call in the workshop. The walls were soundproof and it wasn’t abnormal for Tony to be in there at any hour of the day so Bucky wouldn’t poke his head in to check on him anytime soon.
Before Steve could fathom his curse, Bucky leaned down and kissed Natasha. Natasha jerked in his hold, the smile falling off her face and her eyes narrowing with fury.
Norman was ready with the exception of one little problem: the robotic clone of Mary Parker was missing. It was the last piece of evidence tying Norman to this dismal failure of an experiment. What’s worse, this evidence could talk.
They kissed with needy abandon. Tony was right. He could wake at any moment and any day now might be his last. They needed to make every moment count because their limited moments were dwindling away faster than falling grains of sand.
The bottle was already open, he had started off the night with a couple of shots, and he took a swig from the bottle. He stumbled back to his workbench and kicked over the bottle of barely touched scotch in the process.
The red he had taken from Dad’s Iron Man armor and it mostly was a reminder to Peter of his Dad’s passion: for life, for his work, and for his family. When his dad set his heart to something, he got it done and he got it done right.
Tony glanced at the Winter Soldier and saw the man was watching Natasha like a predator about to pounce.
Part 3 is going to be coming out much more slowly than Part 2! So sorry!! I have a lot of work to do on top of writing! DX
Tony’s hand suddenly shot out and grasped Steve’s arm tightly and, in a grave, serious voice, he hissed, “Steve!”
Speaking out did not deter the men and women around them but encouraged them. They pressed in tighter and started yelling out more questions, growing more vulgar with every new declaration.
And as he stared at Tony, he realized it was also the first time he looked at another like this. He wasn’t just trying to commit this to memory. Simply looking at Tony made him happy. It made him so happy that he could barely keep his smile off his face.
He slowly put his utensil down and swallowed his food thickly. Without looking at her, he whispered, “I do not have a name.”
“I had it under control,” Steve grumbled, irrationally annoyed by Tony’s save. With Tony there and the fight not distracting him, the conflicting emotions came trickling back. His heart felt like it was being crushed between two large anvils when he looked up to his friend.
The corners of Tony’s eyes crinkled from his smile and he leaned his cheek on top of Peter’s head. Peter was beginning to fall asleep so Tony mouthed the words, ‘I love you.’
“To quote you, everything isn’t so ‘black and white’. Things could go out of control from no fault from you,” Steve replied just as stubbornly.
“Why do I take all leave of rational thought when it comes to that boy?” Mary wondered aloud. The SHIELD agent chose not to reply but she heard him shift uncomfortably on his feet.
Peter crawled up the rest of his body and pressed a kiss into Wade’s mouth. Wade was so surprised that he stared blankly at Peter and didn’t return the kiss. Peter pulled away and assured him, “You are perfect, Wade. I wouldn’t change you at all. It just wasn’t what I was expecting…Though, I’m not too surprised, you don’t have eyebrows after all.”
“Let’s get back inside,” she whispered and his uncle nodded. He carried Peter into the living room and the others followed him. His uncle began to pace and everyone but Aunt Tasha gave him his space.
“Steve and I are coming from two very different situations,” Peter countered. “His identity as Captain America was never really much of a secret.”
“I’ll explain it to her,” Ben promised with a warm smile. He added, “Once both of you get to know each other, you will see, you will be great friends. She was –
Resolved in the matter, Steve closed his eyes to construct a dream girl to help him out in his current predicament. Steve began to stroke himself as he created her. She’d have Peggy’s body, her dark hair, but not her face, she’d have a quirky mouth, always grinning, and her eyes would be lighter –hazel—and encircled by dark, lush eyelashes. Steve imagined his dream girl closing those beautiful eyes, her lashes fanning her cheeks, and Steve kissed those soft lips –.
“Crap,” Steve gasped. It was probably the first time she’d ever heard him curse and she almost laughed from near hysteria.
Steve wound his arms around both of them and murmured, “We’ll be waiting for you. Enjoy your time out.”
“Okay, guys break it up. We got food going cold at the reception,” Bucky murmured, poking both of them in the shoulder.
There was no response…Tony did not expect one. As soon as the power was cut to the suit, so was Jarvis’s connection. His AI would act immediately, of course, and contact SHIELD, the French government, and anyone else that could help save its master.
Steve wore his black SHIELD ops armor which was just like his Captain America garb but it did not have any of its patriotic stars and coloring. He had given up the shield so did not see the point in wearing his Captain America garb. However, he still felt off balanced without his shield, but, if Steve had his way, what he wore to this fight would not matter soon…
Tony loved how soft Steve’s features were as he slept. He rarely got to see it as Tony needed more sleep than Steve because his body exhausted itself faster.
Tony grinned and he wanted to hug Peter for calling him dad but held himself back. He could always hug his son tonight when he stopped by and later when he left. He had a lifetime with him and he was grateful for every precious second.
Howard had no idea how to wake it, but everyone seemed to unconsciously look to him, expecting him to know what to do. Howard rounded the time machine and approached the robot warily.
He had murdered a man for the suit he was wearing, but didn’t feel like using his wallet too. He still carried a few trinkets from the future so he placed one of his pumpkin bombs on his table and activated it.
Wade drew one of his kantanas and the sonic gun from his belt and pointed both at Eddie. He warned, “Not any closer, Dr. Jekyll.”
Cable paused in what he was doing and looked at Steve over his shoulder with his red, glowing eye. He murmured, “I will need help with the Goblin and I know your abilities will be more than enough to assist. But…when I returned to the future and saw how broken you were over Stark…I knew you deserved the chance at revenge as well.” Cable fully turned to him and said, “I can return you to the future and I can handle this if you prefer…”
Steve cracked open his eyes and looked to Tony. He smiled playfully and held his red hands up as he said, “I do not think I could hold the wash cloth for long. Can you help me?”
Peter turned in Wade’s embrace and pressed his face into his neck. There was nothing more he could say. He was with the man he loved and, in his final moments, he wanted to be with him.
“Had you accepted me sooner, they did not have to have died,” Venom stated, making Peter nauseated. Venom soothed, “All is right now. We are one. We will save lives. We will not kill.”
Steve smiled sadly and explained, “I went to the funeral alone and you ran into me on the way back. When we got to my place, I told you I would be fine on my own and you barged in like you owned the place and stayed with me the rest of the night. I was grateful…I had put on a show of being brave but I did not want to be alone. You distracted me and comforted me.”
Steve looked back to Peter and his eyes fell on the Iron Man action figure. He sighed and said, “Thank you.”
Tony snorted, drawing a small smile to Steve’s lips. Tony monotoned, “There’s no way we’d go to that cheap imitation of paradise where kids only go to act stupid and get drunk. I can imagine a nice island in the Caribbean where we can lounge on a beach clear of broken glass and beer cans.”
His instincts screamed with the need to claim her. To press his lips into hers and finally end their dancing around it. She was his soulmate and he wanted her body and soul.
Tony internally groaned – that look in his eyes – Steve was pissed. Tony fucked up. He shouldn’t have done that! Why did he do that?! The last few days had been going so good! Tony was hiding his attraction well!
The book struck the mass and then slowly slipped down, like it was floating down a gentle river as it bobbed and did not seem to be fighting any sort of gravity. The book lightly scraped against the edge of the beaker and fell gently onto the table in front of Eddie, sliding slightly in his direction.
Once the charges were read the judges eyes snapped back to Steve and she said, “Captain Rogers it is your right as a citizen of New York State to have preliminary hearing in which the state will have to submit probable cause before we move on to trial. Do you want one?”
As soon as Bucky stepped out of the room, Tony said, “Jarvis, bring up a live video feed.” Holograms appeared in the middle of the table, above the flowers, showing Natasha standing at the elevator and Bucky cautiously approaching her.
He lightly grasped Steve’s hand and their linked hands rested on Peter as they all fell asleep together.
. He’s not just after you for your body. He cares for you in here,” Bucky said as he pressed his hand over Steve’s heart.
“I'm not following you because of that!” Steve gasped in shock. Tony tweaked an eyebrow and together he and Steve slowly exited the elevator and entered his lab.
“About damn time,” Fury grumbled as soon as they all stepped into the room. Steve didn’t run up to the man and hug him but he smiled widely at his commander and he felt like he was walking on air. Coulson and Fury were alive. How was all of this possible?
What little hope for a reunion with Steve died with the video and it broke his heart all over again as he finally accepted he was dead. A small, sick part of him had wanted Steve to be the Winter Soldier. Because then that would mean he’d have Steve back.
The blast was expanding and it’d soon be coming out of the portal. They needed to shut it before Tony’s sacrifice was all for nothing.
Tony plowed forward and told Friday, “Silence all alarms and notifications on the suit’s condition and my health.”
The Captain hadn’t woken once since he received the mortal injury. The Soldier thought he’d survive with his advanced healing yet…now he wondered if he merely saved a dying man. The burns on his chest were grisly and had a noxious odor.
She looked to her mate and then to where his hand still remained clasped over hers. What they were attempting was dangerous, both of them were disallowed mates, but…Natasha wanted to continue. She would remain in the cage beside her mate and knew she was prepared to peck at any hand that came near them.
Tony smiled to himself and imagined the look on Rhodey’s face when he introduced him to his newest conquest.
Everything around him shook as the new, fragile structure coursed with the unimaginable amounts of energy used to extend the bridge. Heimdall did not flinch in fear like a lesser mortal may have in such a structure but stood strong as he waited for his prince to cross worlds and return to Asgard.
Steve threw back his head and let go the laughter he’d been holding in. Tony kept his brows pinched but was smiling, which turned out to be a very complicated matter. Steve saw his struggle and rounded the table to kiss his brow like he promised.
“Had…had Venom hurt anyone else? Where is it? Did we already throw the last of it in the sun?” Peter remembered most of it but he had to be sure no one else was hurt and the monster he and Eddie had created was gone for good.
“What about Mr. Odinson, when do I get to meet him and welcome him to the club?” Tony asked, tossing the gauntlet back and forth between his hands.
Just a reminder, all my chapter titles are and will be quotes from the Back to the Future Trilogy. So yes, I meant to put DENSITY, not destiny...It would make sense if you saw the movies XD
“I really thought it would work. All the variables fit,” Tony replied in a small voice, smoothing out the sheet over Steve’s chest.
“Will you join me for lunch?” Steve asked. Tony glanced guiltily over to the piece of armor he was working on. Steve reiterated, “Or perhaps I can make us something and we can eat down here?”
Steve chuckled again. It felt good to laugh after the tense battle and he felt the tight muscles in his chest begin to relax because of it.
“No, Venom won’t let him,” Steve stated and he and the symbiote did not break eye contact. To the symbiote, Steve said, “You’re dying. Peter won’t bond with you.”
He quickly flipped through the black and white photos, hoping one of them would spark his memory but none of them did.
They collected their food onto trays with Hydra's symbol. Steve's was unmarked but Tony was delighted to pick up one with a cigar drawn in the skull's mouth and the American flag plaster over its forehead. He presented it to Steve, stating in a serious tone, "God Bless America and her soldiers."
She pulled out a semi-automatic and then held it out to him. He stared at the offered gun speechless.
Rogers froze, his hand stalling in picking up their cups. His eyes widened and he asked, “I’m sorry?”
When they separated, Tony lightly squeezed Steve’s hand but so badly wanted to kiss him in departing instead. Tony went back to the Jeep with Panzer while Steve returned to the Colonel.
“Wow,” he whispered and reached out to touch the reflection. The suit was entirely black with a white spider emblem on the front and white eyes. He gasped, “This is so cool.”
Peter shook his head and raised his gaze to look up at Wade. The shield parted with his mental prod and he murmured, “You’re not dumb, Wade…I was the stupid one to think this whole dinner would work…”
“What’s wrong?” Steve demanded. Tony recognized the tense stance as Steve taking on the posturing of Captain America and readying himself mentally for battle.
Steve stared down at Tony. He’d been with him since he was born. He watched him grow and mold himself into the man he was today. He was not just his soulmate, he was his best friend, and he was the man who held Steve’s heart. Steve had denied it for years to protect Tony but…Tony was staring at him with pleading eyes. Tony had never wanted him to push him away and he still wanted this.
Fully inserted, he paused to let Steve adjust and give himself a moment to breathe. It had been so long...it felt so good, he needed a moment to rein in the sensation so he wouldn't come with the first stroke.
“Probably,” Tony said with a shrug. It was dark in the tent and he could just barely see Steve as he turned to Tony.
Their corridor was like the other two: dark and narrow. Steve led the way, hunched behind his shield on one arm and holding a cocked gun in the other. Tony followed him closely with his hand repulsors glowing with a ready blast to light their way and to attack their unknown enemy.
Steve wildly nodded and Father Michael thoughtfully said, “Now that you mention it…Before the Hydra scandal, I remember reading something about him being in the hospital and Iron Man hasn’t been involved in any of the Hydra stuff so he may still be there…Let me google it – oh – ah – that means to look up the information on my phone, which connects me to the internet and, well, I don’t really understand the internet myself so I’m not sure how to describe it…”
If it wasn’t for the coaching from his dad, Peter would have flushed at the insinuation, but he merely raised an eyebrow and retorted, “And what rumors would those be?”
of July fireworks displays from the last five years going off in my head all at once! Then after that I started to pay attention. I noticed you watching me, saw the looks you gave me when you thought I was not looking. And you liked to touch me more than friends usually touched so I took courage from those gestures and made my move. I was still freaked out that I had constructed the signs in my head and you would reject me though…But you did not,” Tony said with a stupid grin that Steve instantly mirrored.
“Then you have me,” Steve replied, he kept his head lowered, knowing the Red Skull would delight in the submissive action.
He was glad she was distracted by Stark so she did not notice the complexity of emotions that passed through his expression. He looked at her suspiciously, not trusting her…or himself on how to react to the unexpected memory.
Norman chuckled. Never mind. It was perfect now. Stark got the contract and Norman did not. He always looked down on Norman as if he were beneath him. Norman will gladly show him his true place under his foot.
Even though Stark had fired her after finding out she worked for SHIELD, she was still assigned to his case. Fury expected her to keep Stark in line and keep him alive.
“We’re going to go ahead, Steve,” Bruce murmured and Steve nodded. Bruce, the rest of the Avengers, and Pepper went down the hall to where his hearing would be held. Tony wordlessly stayed by his side and they walked over to the lawyers.
“Out of all of the men on this team, you are the only one who has a chance to have a stable relationship,” Natasha stated, almost as if she was scolding him.
“Seventeen,” Schmidt said and the machine’s claws beginning to dig in. He clutched his head and screamed, “
Peter began to grumble about being hungry so, before they left the building, Steve stopped at a snack machine and got him some pretzels.
Tony discovered his husband went mad with what he deemed "honeymoon fever" because he jokingly called him "hubby" and next thing he knew he was arching his body into Steve and moaning deeply into the man's mouth.
Despite his prayers and its making its way across Steve’s limbs, the black mass did not leave Peter. It made its way over the back of his head and encroached on his face from every angle.
Steve looked at his lawyer and the man smiled just a tad. He grabbed a manila folder off the table and got to his feet in a quick rush.
Natasha sighed heavily and sat beside him on the couch. He silently leaned into her side and counted it as a minor victory when she didn’t push him away. She stated, “You understand how much more dangerous this is? What if you’re an American sleeper agent? What if the Academy finds out? They’ll send their top assassins to kill us both.”
“Steve,” Tony moaned with need. It wasn’t a moan of lust however…it was of an actual need, like he couldn’t go on without him. In response, Steve kissed him more deeply to physically show him how much he needed him too. This would be the last time he would kiss Tony, embrace his warmth, or feel his heartbeat. He tried to get as much of it as he could before he was forced to go.
Venom had been thwarted in feeding, first by the Avengers, then by the Goblin, and then by SHIELD. Every time Venom surfaced, the spy organization jumped on him within minutes, saving whoever he was trying to eat and, in turn, trying to capture the symbiote.
He probably shouldn’t say it again, after Tony’s prior reaction, but he needed to utter the words one more time. He had to pull himself out of the kiss and gasp for air before he was able to cup Tony’s jaw and hiss, “I love you, Tony. I wish I coulda had more time with you…”
Steve had grown used to the beard, so he’d forgotten it was there. He touched it and exchanged a glance with Tony.
Tony’s response was to tuck his cold toes against Steve’s shins and Steve pulled his cold fiancé deeper into his obviously warmer embrace.
Steve grasped Bucky’s shoulder and said with a voice loaded with gratitude, “Thanks, Buck. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“It is SHIELD’s final stance on the matter, but I find it suspicious,” Peggy retorted. She paused and then whispered, “A few years ago, the man who built the crucible, the main part to the machine that made Steve Captain America…he died in a house fire.”
Sam was still there. He had a feeling the team were going to work in shifts to keep an eye on him. Tony did not think too deeply on their motives and, at that moment, he pretended the man wasn’t there so he wouldn’t feel too embarrassed about giving in to his grief. Sam was silent and pretended to be to engrossed in his newspaper to notice the few shuddering breaths Tony couldn’t suppress.
“I explained it,” Steve replied. “He didn’t understand what love is so he thought I was taking care you because you were also my son…”
“It’s real,” Steve whispered in assurance. He took one of Tony’s hands and placed it over Steve’s chest, above his heart. Tony could feel the warmth of Steve’s body, the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed, and the strong pulse of his heartbeat. These small details were never there in the dream world unless one of them focused on it.
“So how certifiable is he?” Tony asked, “Is he completely deranged? Hallucinating off mushrooms? Trying to impress some pagan, vegan hippie?”
“Not since the palladium poisoning,” Potts replied. She smiled sadly at Tony and said, “I couldn’t handle the stress of being in a relationship with Iron Man…”
Steve chuckled and then Tony reached out to Steve and carded their fingers together. His ring finger curled and lightly rubbed at Steve’s ring. Steve leaned toward Tony with a warm smile, his joy blossomed starting from his heart and spreading throughout his body.
Steve bumped into Tony on the way out of his bedroom and almost knocked him over. He caught his friend before he fell to the floor and held him so close that Tony’s heart beat against Steve’s where their chests touched.
He forwent the half empty bottle of whiskey and picked up the barely touched vodka. He hefted the bottle up and whispered, “Oh hello, my love.”
“C-Can I call you Dad?” Peter asked. In his mind, the term was already in use and had ingrained itself with ease as if it was always made to be there.
“I can do it! Can anybody copy! I can shut the portal down!” Natasha called over the communicator and Steve’s heart leapt in his chest. This was it!
One image was a colored advertisement of Captain America that he had saved just because he knew Steve would have been embarrassed by it. Tony grinned upon coming across it and he considered making it into a full-blown poster but had decided against it. The colors were off in the image and it would bother him too much having it on the wall. In real life, Steve’s uniform was darker and his skin was tanner and his eyes –.
Tony leaned forward and finally replied, “What’s bothering me right now is all this talking. I want your lips on me right now, Cap.”
He was determined to look into what else was happening as soon as he was out from under the water. He dried off and got dressed quickly but, when he tried to turn on his computer, nothing happened.
He found Tony bent over a platinum gold highchair with red cushions. He had opened the side and was fiddling with the wires on the inside. Dummy was bent over Tony’s hunched form with a fire extinguisher at the ready.
Steve bowed his head until his forehead was pressed to the hand he held and whispered, “I know…but…”
Tony strolled over to the west wall where he had shelves  of books and other items. He looked them over, feeling the weirdest sense of nostalgia. From there he asked her, “How long do you think we’ll be here?”
He sounded so terribly naïve and he felt like a boy, being kissed for the first time by the neighbor girl again. But what Tony was suggesting, by God, it was more that a simple peck.
“You know, as long as you don’t approach Stark or attempt to change history…you are allowed to go out,” Cable stated the next day.
He could’ve been jumping around, trying to learn as much about his future as possible. Instead, he was content to simply kiss Steve and he decided he rather experience their future themselves. From what he learned from time traveling already, the future was limitless and he wanted to experience it all with the man beside him.
Steve went to his husband’s side and lifted the quilt so he could slide underneath it with him. He placed the blanket over his shoulders and nestled into Tony’s side. Up close, the smell of alcohol was stronger but was also coupled with the underlying stench of vomit.
She did not struggle this time and tears were falling from her eyes. She accepted her fate. It would make her death quicker. She reached up and he flinched back, expecting her to claw at his face. Instead, she lightly caressed the side of his jaw and dropped her hand as the light faded from her eyes.
He was grateful to be able to share in Tony’s dreams but…but he still selfishly wished they could have had more.
Steve called out to Tony, knowing he was there, knowing he had to be able to hear him, but he got no reply…
“I was thinking of watching one here in my apartment so if Peter wakes I won’t be too far,” Steve stated.
If he opened his mouth it’d all come spewing out and Tony would probably run for the hills and call off their arrangement. So, he just smiled at the man and they silently made their way back into more crowded areas where neither of them could say or do anything relating to their relationship. His heart slowed down, his blush faded, and the declarations of love stopped threatening to break free.
They traveled all day and left behind the forest to open, bumpy country roads. It was all open fields and some ruins of buildings that looked like they’d been burned down recently. The only people in the area were the 107
Even at that moment, he could feel the AI’s eyes on him. Tony was sitting out in the open, enjoying the warm sunny day and he bet his entire fortune that Jarvis was lurking in the nearby woods, watching him.
Thor was both a morning and night person and was always smiling and loud. He sat on Peter’s other side and joined in their conversation. Asking about the animals and being amused by the description of the little Midgard predators. He was on his third serving of pancakes and had literally soaked them in a combination of original maple syrup and butter pecan syrup, Steve felt sick imagining eating the sugary concoction.
Fire was returned and she twisted her upper body back into the room. She quickly pulled the clip out of her gun to check the level and frowned. She must have been running out and James was the one with the extra ammo.
“After hearing so much about how much better it is than Vaseline, I just assumed you had a stockpile of it,” Steve teased, finding the entire situation hilarious. Tony was still frowning and Steve wrapped his arms around his fiancé and tried to break that frown by suggesting, “Speaking of…do you have any Vaseline at least?”
“Everything will be alright, Pep,” Tony assured her. He and Pepper gave the container a wide berth and he had five of his suits standing between them and Bucky. Steam rose out of the vents as Bucky was rapidly warmed and then the doors opened with a loud hiss.
Before Tony, he had never considered going into a “casual” relationship nonetheless doing so with a man. He didn’t like the idea of having Tony one night and him being free to go to someone else the next night. And, if they were doing this, he did not want it to be merely physical…
They'd just finished the third movie and Tony could no longer wait and had to go help Pepper with the party. It wasn't going to start for another four hours but his dad seemed to think there was a lot more to do…what, Peter didn't want to ask but he and Wade parted from his parents at that point.
Natasha and Coulson were the last to arrive and the last to be invited so they soon lit the three red candles on the cake and Steve stole Peter away from his game to carry him to the cake. Everyone began to sing happy birthday in unison and Peter clapped excitedly. When he saw the cake itself, he still and gasped, “That’s for me??”
,” Tony purred. Steve grinned as that purr vibrated through his body in a thrilling way. Tony played with his pencil and then asked, “Have any plans tonight?”
Steve’s eyes shot back to Bucky. Could it be true? He remembered the pain from Dr. Erskine’s experiment and he couldn’t imagine how much more worse it had to be for Bucky under Dr. Zola.
He brought it out of the closet and sat with it on his bed. He shot a few test pictures and found the images were still blurry. He took it apart to finally figure out what was going on inside.
Natasha rolled the inside of her cheek between her teeth and regarded the Soldier. His stance and expression told her nothing. He probably could kill her in an instant and wouldn't even bat an eye.
Tony nearly smacked himself. Had he had a bite of pancakes in his mouth he probably would have choked. Why did his first complete sentence to Steve have to mention
When Tony was done, he sat up and groaned when his lower back muscles protested the move. He then grabbed a banana and asked Pepper, “Do we still have SHIELD people upstairs?”
The Soldier lay down on the floor to try to dispel the feeling rising up in his chest. It lingered for a while. It was almost as if something was tethered to the center of his chest and pulling at it moderately, not letting go.
relationship, despite how short and unofficial it was,” Steve observed sadly. Steve leaned in and whispered, “But…thank you for telling me. I’m glad to know that there could have been an ‘us’ in another life…”
“I love you, James,” she whispered with as much feeling as the last time she had said it on the day she thought she lost him.
Pepper made no comment of his eccentric behavior. Her eye roll was enough to show what she thought of his spying. She busied herself with phone calls and, at the moment, it sounded like she was scheduling an interview for him with Good Morning America.
Peter licked his lips and focused on the screen before him. A message on the screen stated for them to press “Start” to continue.
Wade glared at him, daring him to repeat himself as the others hastily let go. Vision nodded to him and then pushed the end of the broken cord into Venom’s struggling form.
The desolate shame in his friend’s eyes was answer enough how he felt about this whole situation…but Tony
Tony nodded and Bruce closed the door behind him. Tony drew the curtains across the window looking in on him and Steve, and then he dimmed the lights.
Now...I know what you're thinking, what's going on with Bucky and Nat??? Well this series will have two more parts (maybe three...) so the tension between these two will eventually be resolved!
Steve stared at a space over Tony’s head as his friend needlessly adjusted his collar. His fingers brushed his neck and reminded him of the more intimate touches to the same spots by the same man.
“…Will the bad guys come back?” Peter asked, glancing nervously at them before looking back down at his feet. By the tone of his voice, Steve could tell Peter was trying to sound nonchalant but he was unable to totally mask the fear. Before Steve could react to Peter’s fear, Tony turned off his holograms and went to Peter’s side. He glanced at Steve then sat next to Peter and placed a hand on his back.
“Mjölnir?” Thor peered thoughtfully at his hammer and then his eyes flicked to Tony and he asked, “When did the Captain say this?”
“To soulmates with baggage,” Steve echoed with a small grin, tapping the flask to her martini. They both threw back a shot’s worth and hissed together as it burned its way down.
The suit moved without any warning and Jarvis flew him out of the crumbling helicarrier and away from the area.
“You need to eat, son,” the man countered and pressed the money into Steve’s hand before letting go. “Now go! I’m going to keep driving to throw them off your tail.”
“What was that, baby boy?” Wade teased and breathed onto the puckered nipple. A slight salty taste lingered on Wade’s tongue. He wanted to taste more so he tilted his head and tried the other nipple. Peter shuddered from the sensation and wound his arms around Wade’s neck tightly, pulling him closer.
At first glance, it wasn’t too impressive. They were in what looked like a normal living room. There were a few large couches, a huge, flat screen TV, and large windows that overlooked an open, manicured field with a forest of pine trees in the distance. Tony didn’t recognize any of it but it clearly was not his coastal home.
Steve stopped letting her pull him and came to an immediate halt just outside the tent. He squeaked, “What??”
Sliding on her knees, she dove under him and dodged his initial attack. She kicked up her leg as she was under him, intending to hit him.
Tony could easily imagine a number of things Fury could arrest him for and he always thought the man was waiting for a day when he was in an especially foul mood to tack it all on Tony to make him sit in jail for a day before Tony’s lawyers managed to get him out. But to arrest Steve??
Norman was sitting at his desk, his chair was turned away from them and he was looking out at the city through the expansive windows.
Tony collapsed slightly, like the very mention of their son’s name threatened to break him. Tony pressed the back of Steve’s hand to his face, his hands shaking, as he hunched over their diminutive connection.
Only the Avengers, Pepper, Happy, and May Parker knew about his connection with Peter. To the rest of the world, they were only connected by the Avengers’ Tower. No one knew Peter was his son.
Steve smirked and nuzzled his face into Tony’s hair. Into his scalp, he murmured, “You are so filthy, whatever am I going to do with you?”
Peter snorted and leaned back into Wade. He turned his head and smiled warmly at Wade. He promised, “She’ll love you.”
Peter hummed in agreement, drawing Wade’s mouth closer to his with a simple touch of his fingers. He whispered against his lips, “For the rest of our lives…”
As a man surrounded by technology, Tony was used to immediate results so it was no surprise he was not too happy when all his PIs were able to amass was that Solo and Chewie were good friends and squat buddies that patrolled the city in an uneven pattern.
In his very own orange jumpsuit, Steve navigated the camp, taking in all the small changes of the future.
But the lunch itself renewed Tony's confidence that this was going to work. He and Steve had flirted low key between trading information about their day and where the 107
“If you ask SHIELD for protection, they will give it, no questions asked. You are one of their founding members and if you don’t feel safe then they will help you in that aspect at least. They can’t argue away your safety!”
Steve nodded and bent down to get an arm under Tony’s lax legs. He hefted his light frame into his arms and Tony groaned lightly. Steve murmured to Peggy, “Your medic probably got pulled in to help another…we have a lot of injured…Bucky…Bucky thinks he has a concussion.”
“No, you aren't,” Steve countered. “The only one at fault here is this alien. Tony blamed himself because this happened in his building –
He looked back to Tony’s big, hazel eyes and felt his heart pinch. He didn’t want to see upset in those eyes…Tony was young, too young to know the truth.
Both men had been affectionate towards Peter, like most parents, yet, after Venom they ingrained themselves totally into Peter’s life. They had been there for him for the good times, the bad times, and the times he wished he could never remember…It was with their love, they helped him feel human again.
The suit, however, was overkill. No one was there. Bucky’s cryostasis chamber had been randomly stuffed between a lot of boxes. Tony was shocked by the empty warehouse. Had Fury’s campaign already thrown Hydra into disarray? Or was Bucky forgotten in the years he’d been stored there?
“I—,” Steve began to say then flushed. He closed his eyes, unable to take the intensity of Tony’s dark eyes, and hissed, “I need you to touch me, Tony…”
He couldn’t imagine what was going through Peter’s mind right now and the sound of his voice on the phone – Tony winced. He sounded bad. He was definitely in shock.
Steve pressed his body into Tony’s and his tongue speared itself into his mouth. Tony was so shocked that he didn't respond. Steve broke the kiss and Tony gasped, “I guess that's a yes?”
“Okay,” Steve murmured and the sound of his voice drew Tony’s eyes back to him. He was captured by Steve’s sky blue eyes and drowned in their depths.
Iron Man’s faceplate was blank and emotionless but Steve could not look away from it as the repulsor blasts broke through his body. He couldn’t breathe but he also didn’t feel any pain. He couldn’t physically feel anything. Emotionally, he was all over the place, especially for Tony. He reached out to him but fell before he could touch him.
Steve remained standing and braced his legs as he felt the plane vibrate beneath his feet as the engines were turned on. There was a slight tug as the plane started to roll forward and as the plane blasted forward, going from zero to 160 and higher in less than a second, Steve felt only a slight push on his body. When the plane leveled off in the sky, the sensation disappeared and his ears popped with the altitude change.
Tony’s hand was rhythmically rubbing himself as he stared at him with hooded eyes. Steve held his gaze as he stepped into and lowered himself in the tub, the warm water felt cool against his flush skin.
Tony’s thigh was still pressed into his crotch and he couldn’t really think beyond that. Steve's arms were beginning to shake and he’d barely held himself up for a few minutes. He usually could do hours, no problem, but Tony…Tony made his muscles feel weak and his mind hazy. And then there was also a growing erection Steve could not stop from growing in response to Tony’s leg.
Howard buzzed in his assistant and ordered them refreshments and they spent the rest of the afternoon reminiscing and talking about their present lives. It had been nice to speak with Peggy again. Not many women were comfortable with Howard’s brash ways and she was one of the few that could handle him.
“And what about that Mary was my mother and I was born out of an affair?” Peter asked, pausing in his writing.
Peter’s eyes got bigger and an excited smile split his face. He asked, “I have a birthday?!” Like birthdays were only things that could happen in the cartoons he watched.
Bucky led them down open basement stairs along the foundation of the building. The door at the bottom looked old and the light over it was broken.
! Ow, ow, ow, ow!” Wade dragged out his words as the symbiote dragged him roughly against the pavement. The symbiote was desperate to get away but Wade refused to let go. Its initial attack had knocked off Stark but Wade would withstand any pain for Peter. The alien had to kill him first and death herself still hadn’t found a way to do it so it was going to have an impossible fight on its gooey black hands.
The rest of the team ventured into the room. Everyone looked tired, hungover, and were shuffling their feet with the exception of Thor who was smiling as brightly as he had been the night prior.
Natasha copied him and began to eat one handed too and her mate smiled. It was the first time she had ever seen him do it and, it may have been small and barely noticeable, but it brought a smile to her face too.
The impalement of the betrayal twisted itself a little deeper into Tony’s heart and he gasped to Steve, “
Natasha’s eyes quickly scanned Steve and then she turned back to Bucky and wetly whispered, “James?”
“Steve,” Ben whispered. Steve’s head shot up, tears streaming from his own eyes as he watched Peter silently cry. Peter’s eyes shot open and he too looked to Ben.
Steve paused and stared blankly at the pen in his hand. Eventually, he carefully stated, “It’s something I do not want to talk about.”
Peter instantly hid in the back of his mind and tried to ignore the cop’s cries, the feel of his body being torn by his claws and jaws, and the satisfying warmth as the man’s meat filled his gullet.
“STOP!” Peter screamed and they dropped the mugger. The man ran from them screaming. His black costume rippled with Venom’s agitation.
“You got to be kidding me,” Tony replied. “Jarvis hooked me up with photos from your graduation. I saw you with that blonde, you were all over her! What’s her name? Who is she?”
Tony was standing in the kitchen and excitedly waiting for Steve. The coffee machine was gurgling and he had two matching mugs sitting next to his laptop. He originally went on to see if anything was posted about Steve’s jog but he was quickly riveted on a new article about Tyler and was half way through it but he stopped reading upon his AI’s statement.
The black flesh rippled again and Peter felt it tighten around him and restrict his body’s movements. Venom filled his mind and took back control.
Tony was the face of the Avengers. He was the one the media went to with questions or scandals. Steve would probably be dragged into it through their tie of marriage…
Tony’s insides churned with a bitter hurt that left a sour taste in his mouth. He was torn from being angry at Steve for his betrayal…to wanting to fall into his comforting arms and let his presence take away all his fears about his ailing body.
“No,” Tony breathlessly replied. “No, I have never even seen this…I need to look inside…but I’ll have to remove the reactor and I don’t know what’s wrong so I might pass out so we’ll have to wait until Jarvis gets here so he could take over…”
Steve flushed but, in lieu of covering himself up, he placed his hands on his hips and smirked at Tony as he stared at him with his best “come hither” eyes.
Tony lightly dislodged Steve’s fingers and whispered, “You shouldn’t touch me so intimately anymore…”
The intruder took another step toward him and Howard couldn’t move. He felt trapped. This man had no life in his eyes. What was he capable of? What did he want? What was he doing here??
He had no valuables on him…not even any shoes on his feet, just the thick socks Father Michael had given to him to warm up his feet after his shower. Those socks were filthy now and probably beyond saving. After he stepped out of the bus, he took them off and threw them out into the nearest trash can he found.
“…I’ve been reading up on the New York judicial system,” Bruce murmured from Tony’s side. “If you can poke enough holes in the prosecution’s evidence during the hearing then the trial won’t happen.”
I will fudge with the timeline in regards to Peter’s age because I am a sucker for the super family troupe but otherwise this means we're getting into Endgame territory too. I doubt there is no one reading this who hasn't seen Endgame yet...but if there is a rare bird out there reading this...there's an Endgame spoiler in the very last section of the chapter! Consider this your warning. :)
Tony so desperately wanted to listen in but, at the same time, was worried that if he did Peter would start going off on him again and he did not want to hear that from his son's lips.
“So…what do we do until then?” Steve asked as he lightly touched a spot on the wall that probably had once been a window but was now plastered up bricks.
Tony pushed himself up and his muscles all screamed at the action after being in one position so long but he ignored the pain in favor of action.
Steve leaned into Tony’s touch, loving the feel of his skin and its warmth, attesting to his living. He slurred, “I know…It’s fine, it will grow back.”
Steve was walking to the basement, where the coal was stored, when a familiar hand shot out of the shadows and grabbed him. Steve let his basket fall to the ground and smothered his initial chuckle as he willingly let Tony pull him into his arms.
“Yes,” Steve gasped and claimed his lips again. This was everything he wanted. Tony loved him too and Steve was so happy he couldn’t break his smile even as he kissed the man he loved. He gasped, “Say it again.”
“I just don't want you two to get discovered,” Bucky muttered. His gaze flickered over to Steve and he asked, “Feeling lonely?”
“I’ll see you around, Peter,” Wade promised and lightly traced Peter’s jaw with his thumb. Goosebumps raised along Peter's skin and he stared at Wade almost captivated. Wade grinned one last time and slipped away as soon as his hand left Peter’s face.
It was quiet downstairs and, for one fearful moment Peter thought they hadn’t heard, but then Wade called out, “Who’s up there?”
Norman’s grin twitched as if he was suppressing laughter and replied, “I don’t see any problem with that.”
Tony leaned forward to take the bar of soap from its caddie in the wall. He hovered close to Steve, his breath intermingling with Steve’s as he did. It took all of Steve’s willpower not to kiss him.
Steve closed his newspaper and asked, “What day is our anniversary? When we started ‘fake’ dating or when we told each other we loved each other?”
Steve jerked in surprise and leaned back but did not try to break away from him. He looked questionably at Bucky, waiting to see what was the matter. Had the Soldier seeped through again? Or was there something important he needed to say?
Steve’s eyes were dancing and his smile was still a little sad but was bigger than before and was filled with gratitude and love. Steve leaned in and nuzzled his head back onto Tony’s shoulder. He didn’t feel as heavy this time and it made Tony smile.
“I feel it…” Steve sighed. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony and Tony tucked his head under Steve’s chin as he wound his arms around Steve’s torso. Steve threw logic to the wind and pressed a kiss on top of Tony’s head.
Why hadn’t he had someone, anyone keep checks on that thing?? It was alien and, yeah, they’d been researching alien substances for years, ever since Thor and his brother showed up, but that did not mean they should lessen their security! It was stupid! Hell, lessening security was the premise to most action films! It’d never been good!
Norman’s grin curled as he stared at the symbiote. It was hungry like when Norman last saw him but last time he could only say “Food.” The symbiote was now articulate and could form proper sentences. He also was clearly smart enough to know to come to Norman for help and knew it could get results by threatening his only child.
Tony was shoved down and a beam of blue light shot from the smoke where his head was a moment ago. Tony fell down painfully from the force and looked up to see he’d been pushed by his own suit. His chest flared with pain from the impact and Tony clutched his chest as he groaned, “J! Be careful! We may not be on the same cosmic time level right now but I’m still flesh and blood!”
Peter was staring up at the screen, confused and scared. Thor turned to Steve and demanded, “Is the Man of Iron alright? Are you still in communication with him?”
Steve’s flush could not get any redder but his heart rate picked up enormously. Tony’s hand drew up the rest of Steve’s arm, across his collarbone, over his neck, and then settled on his jaw. Under Tony’s fingertips, the vein in Steve’s neck pulsated rapidly. His skin shivered in the trail of sensation left behind Tony’s touch.
Pepper smiled warmly at him and sat beside him on the bed, gently grasping one of his hands. Tony wordlessly carded his fingers with hers and leveled an annoyed look at Fury. He was probably there when Tony teared up over seeing Pepper…Bastard.
Tony lifted his head and was surprised to see Pepper standing beside him. Her high heels usually echoed loudly off the metal stairs and he should have heard her come up behind him.
“And when we do, we will justly avenge the great Jarvis!” Thor promised, stabbing in steak knife into the table and drawing a grin from Tony.
Tony snorted and then leaned against the locker as Steve dropped his jeans. He stated, “You are one sexy super soldier…”
“Or…” Steve whispered, his voice breathless at his daring. He trailed his hands lower and he ran his fingertips up the sides of his sensitive cock and gasped, “But I think I am dirtiest here. I haven’t touched myself here since you left.”
Tony turned back to the fight on the ground and saw Steve struggling under mountains of sand and fighting just to breathe. Tony blasted to his super soldier without another thought.
Tony promised, “You could never tie me down. Hell, Pepper has been trying to tie me down for years. No one can rein me in! But you…you certainly center me.” Tony pulled back and cupped Steve’s cheek, forcing him to look at him and he continued, “Before you, I was just flying around with no purpose. I was unhappy, but now I am so happy I could burst! ...I want to stay with you because without you I am aimless. Even if you are locked away, not that I believe you will be, I would want to be with you. I love you no matter what. And, that being said, need I remind you that you are Captain America and no one is going to lock you away.
“No matter what we do, they’re going to notice us coming in so we need to give the Red Skull something…a reason to let down his guard,” Clint murmured as he looked for a solution to suddenly appear in the blueprints they had all scoured clean.
“Not until I catch this Mandarin orange,” Tony all but pouted. “But I might be persuaded to leave California if a certain Captain promises to reenact a fantasy of mine and give me an apologetic, lap dance wearing only a star-spangled banana hammock…”
Peter crawled up the wall and murmured, "I have no token to leave fair prince. Accept one last kiss?"
“Will a finger prick suffice?” She asked and Tony nodded. She pressed the boxed needle to her fingertip then pressed the button. The needle shot out then retracted just as quickly. Mary handed it back to Tony as the machine began to hum.
He went back to Peggy first and they finished looking over the map and picked the best route for the troop. Steve expected Tony to randomly show up and start his “wooing” but he never appeared. Even as Steve went about his usual duties, the time traveler never made an appearance.
“…Yeah, um, anyways I think I left the coffee pot on in the lab,” Tony murmured. “We should be heading out, Mary…”
But Steve’s chest was bare, exposing numerous wounds and abrasions. Tony was sickened by the damage. They were hurting him badly and he wasn’t healing. Tony gasped to the hologram, “…
The world seemed the same to Tony. Everything he remembered was still there…Even the old movies he had watched about the Commandos were the same. Steve and Peggy still shard their tragic romance and there wasn’t even the inkling that Steve once had a relationship with a man the last months of his life…
The door was closed and they were left alone in the windowless van but Steve still smiled in the direction the couple had disappeared. They clearly cared deeply for each other. It was going to be interesting seeing them meet and watching their relationship develop.
He wanted to race after his best friend and hold onto him and stop him. He wanted to try to reason with him. He...He wanted to...
Steve bit down on his cheek, is stomach bubbling uneasily. He did not want to leave Peter but he could not take him with him. The President needed added protection and he requested Steve personally. Steve could refuse him but Coulson was right, he was Captain America. It was his job and it was something he could do to help Tony, even if it was something little…
Tony tried to focus his hearing to better hear his AI but, instead noted the other voices in the room. They were loud and frantic and all around him. Apparently, the Calvary had arrived in the meantime. Had he fallen unconscious? Was Coulson standing in front of him right now wearing his usual unhappy frown.
“We will be told once we are in the air,” the man replied. “But it supposedly is in the west, most likely at one of the bases in Nevada.”
He monitored his father as he and his men put the machine back together and tried to understand its mechanics from the sidelines. Jarvis relayed commentary as he recalled what went where when he saw it through Iron Man’s cameras.
Fury strolled over to where Stark lay and bent down. He stared impassively at the expressionless, flat face shield. Fury reached down under the suit’s chin and found the release for the mask. As soon as the face plate rose, Stark snarled, “YOU are so sued and I’m going to make sure you lose your job and are arrested for home invasion, assault, and –.”
At one point in the repair, Bucky grunted in pain and Tony called him a baby. Bucky retorted with another insult and next thing Steve knew, they were throwing insults at each other, each one escalating with fervor and abuse. Steve immediately went to stop it but when he tried to get between them they both yelled at him to leave them alone. So Steve stepped back and waited for any signs of violence to step in again. Instead, they kept up the insults and hate as Tony worked on Bucky’s arm. When he was done, Tony hissed, “Okay, shit for brains try it now.”
“…I do not want to diverge too much information,” Sneaky replied slowly. “My other name will…reveal things about the future. I fear if I reveal too much, the future might change and I like the way the future is right now so I don’t want to do that.”
“…Only one of us will be able to go in and apply the volts,” Bruce stated and directed his gaze to the back of the room.
Iron Man’s eyes glowed brighter and it turned its head to the side to project the scene it had witnessed several decades in the future…
The blue glow was leaking through the loose shirt he’d slept in. Bucky nodded in agreement and Tony motioned to the new bandages Gabe had left on top of one of Howard’s bags. Tony wordlessly took off his shirt and Bucky couldn’t help but stare at the lines webbing across his skin.
Ben pointed to Steve’s image and stated, “Steve Rogers. The people who had you, they used his sperm to impregnate you.”
Because of the demands of life, I won't be able to work on these fics for another month or two... But they will come out...EVENTUALLY!
Mary waved until Ben Parker closed the door to the lab then her hand instantly froze in midair. In her other hand, she held the photo of Steve Rogers and Peter Parker. In front of Ben Parker she had held it with caution but now that he was gone, she crushed it.
Steve’s heart palpitated painfully as he darkly wondered…what if the future wasn’t changing back because of Steve? What if he was the one? Was it because he was still struggling to let Tony go?
“Yes, Sir, such dangerous pastimes can only spell disaster,” Jarvis retorted to the question he had asked himself. “I would suggest professional help.”
“How are the blueprints coming, Stark?” She asked without looking up from her binoculars. She was trying to memorize their grid pattern so they could more easily slip past the patrol and trying not to think of her soulmate’s intentions.
He placed his hand on the door handle and raised his gun. She raised her batons and charged the electrical impulse to max.
“Ah, that is why you tried to run,” his master replied. “I was told by your previous master that the timer on your arm was a fake…apparently, he lied. We’ll have to shorten his retirement…” He monster looked to one of his subordinates. The masked woman nodded and left, to kill James’ prior master most likely.
“Mmm hmm,” Steve replied, his mouth too busy tasting Tony’s skin to form words. He had yet to wash and the grit on his skin was salty and bitter. He pulled back and murmured, “Babe, you need a shower.”
“S-Sorry,” Steve garbled, wiping spittle from his mouth. He blushed deeply as he wondered whose spittle it was. He ran his tongue over the back of his teeth, guiltily enjoying the new taste to his mouth.
“…I hope that when we wake in the morning this all turned out to be a long, horrible dream,” Steve whispered on a heavy but sleepy sigh. Tony buried his face into Steve’s back and blocked his vision.
“Mac was really the one?” Peter whispered with a small voice. He couldn’t help but note that Mac wasn’t there today but Peter still couldn’t believe he’d betray him like that. Mac was the oldest intern and was there on scholarship but he never thought he’d stoop to that…
“The year isn’t your concern. The events of today are not your concern. Not even the clothes on your back are your concern,” Fury stayed. “Your only concern should be returning home and finding a way to not let the events of today affect your decisions in the future.”
His target took the seat Hawkeye vacated and Stark leaned against the wall in the corner of the room. As soon as she touched her chair, he jumped to his feet the best he could and lunged threateningly at her. His shoulder joints ached as he tried to wrench his arms from the makeshift manacles on the floor. Stark twitched but she did not flinch.
In a million years, he would have never guessed it would be the Capsicle himself that sat next to him.
“Of course, like I always say, stay as long as you want!” Steve replied. He handed the action figure to Ben and got to his feet.
Barnes walked off and, Natasha watched him go with a hard expression. She murmured to the group, “We’ll execute the plan in 30…” And then she walked off, following her soulmate.
“Mostly,” Tony shrugged and then carefully inserted another tiny shield panel to the arm’s exoskeleton. Nodding to the box, he asked, “What’s that?”
“…You mean about Mary blaming me,” Steve whispered in reply. He half buried his face into Tony’s chest as his heart slowed down to a sluggish beat as if it was being dragged down by his growing fear.
“Jarvis says you two have been doing tests?” Tony asked as his eyes trailed over the dark spot on Steve’s arm. He had probably grilled Jarvis as soon as he woke and noticed Steve was gone from his side.
They spent the drive over talking about clichés and Steve trying to guess if Tony was pulling his leg or not about the plot of some of the movies he described.
Many were using biology to find a way to fight cancer or other deadly microorganisms, but, barely anyone was using it to defend people from larger, outside attacks. Most relied on mechanical or computer science for that…but, Peter and Eddie, they were going to change all of that.
“Go away!” Steve hissed, wanting to push them away, but unable out of fear of hurting them with his superior strength. His sunglasses had fallen off in the shoving of bodies and he took off his cap to cover Peter’s face so the reporters would not get the picture they were looking for and Peter would not have to see them.
Wade leaned onto the locker beside Peter’s and his massive body blocked Peter’s leaner form easily. Peter quickly changed into his gym shorts and willed Venom into a smaller shirt.
Tony woke with these same thoughts four days in. Steve had crept over to Tony’s side of the bed in their sleep and was sharing his pillow with him. The sheets were tangled at their waists and Tony had unconsciously tugged the majority to his side again. Steve was spooning Tony from behind and Tony silently pressed himself deeper into his lover’s hold. Steve did not wake but his arm shifted tighter across his waist.
“Likewise,” the doctor replied with a coy smile. She shook his hand then said to both of them, “I will give you two some catching up time. I’m going to return to my experiment.”
Steve stepped into the living room to find the boys laying on the ground, their heads side-by-side and touching. Their fingers twitched on their controllers and, above their heads, flew Peter’s fully animated, fighting action figures of Thor and Iron Man.
Steve returned to the community room where Peter played with his toys and Bucky was sitting on the couch, staring at the blank wall. Natasha watched them both, her arms were crossed against her chest and a gun was resting in one of her hands.
Peter gasped, “B-But I was going to save him…” He turned in Aunt Tasha’s arms and looked for the truth in her eyes. When he saw her naked despair, Peter repeated, “
The love of his life was literally disappearing before his eyes and, despite all of Steve’s strengths, he couldn’t do anything to stop it.
“What is that?” Tony asked nervously. Didn’t they take a lot of weird drugs back in the day that they thought were good like cocaine and other hallucinogens?
They remained embraced and silent. Steve did not know how long he stood in Bucky’s arms. It was long enough that Bucky’s metal arm was no longer cold against his flesh but his friend’s form remained ridged. When his mother died, Bucky was warm and loving to Steve now he did not feel it. Bucky was clearly uncomfortable. Steve drew back and whispered, “I’m sorry.
The agents were suffering under the moral dilemma of Eddie’s innocence coupled with the weight of Venom’s danger. What were they going to do with him?
Steve entire body jolted from the shocking statement. He stomach churned nervously as he regarded this powerful beast and he feared for Peter. What if this thing had gotten a hold of him?
Tony stilled but his mind raced with this new information about Steve. Suddenly, Tony’s sexual fantasies were no longer fantasies but possibilities. Tony, a self-proclaimed bisexual man, was sitting astride his gay best friend and they both had boners for each other. All his fears washed away and he smiled confidently at Steve. He no longer felt scared about destroying their friendship, in fact, he had some spectacular ideas on how to vastly improve it.
Steve clutched Tony’s face at the first sign of life as Tony gasped for breath. His hazel eyes frantically looked around them until they settled on Steve. With his eyes boring into Steve’s, he gasped, “Please tell me you kissed me.”
To Steve, just yesterday, his future looked bleak. His best friend had just died and his implant was zeroed out. He thought he was going to be alone. But since he woke not only had the War ended but he now had a soulmate.
“You’re as talkative making love as you are in everyday life,” Steve observed with a smile and Tony grabbed onto Steve’s arms tightly as Steve’s fingers moved over the head of his cock. He pressed his own dick to Tony’s and began to rub them together. Tony gasped, “Yes, and you are clearly more of a
A dark promise but it was one that made him smile. He pressed his forehead to hers and promised, “I won’t leave your side until my dying breath.”
There was a brief silence and Tony imagined both drinking from water bottles. Tony left the dresser and raised his hand to open the door and announce himself.
Rogers had been in a similar situation over 70 years ago. He had received injuries no normal human should have survived just as he did a week ago. And he had also been unconscious as he healed and remained unconscious like he was now.
His company’s law offices rented several rooms in a skyscraper near the Avengers’ Tower. They pulled into the private garage and Tony led the way to the entrance to the building.
Against his flesh, Tony murmured, “I know. I will guide you through it.” Tony kissed the side of his jaw then continued to kiss him along the jaw until he reached Steve’s lips. He planted one, sweet kiss upon his lips then looked up to Steve’s eyes. He slowly began to rock his body against Steve’s and promised with a heated voice, “I’m going to make this amazing for you.”
Tony didn’t know how long he laid there with that thought hanging over his head. The shadows in the room shifted as the sun, hidden behind the blinds, moved. Nurses popped their heads in and openly stared at Tony as he remained cuddled into his side as they checked on Steve. Steve’s breathing was always even and his form was unnaturally still. When they had slept together, Steve always curled around Tony’s form, even when he was sleeping. Eventually, Tony curled Steve’s arm around him just to get a sense of normalcy.
“I’m so glad you’re alright,” Steve professed, burying his face into Peter’s neck. Peter once again ignored his body’s aches and wound his arms around Steve’s large frame to return the much needed embrace.
“Buck? What are you doing?” Steve whined but used none of his superior strength to pull away from his friend. Bucky didn't reply. He just pulled them into the closest empty room. He sealed the door and turned on Steve.
Yet now his son was looking at him as if he were made of fine china and the slightest movement might break him.
The way Peter saw it, the boyfriend and parents not getting along and the media wanting the next big scoop on Peter Parker were bigger problems to him than worrying about the inconclusive experiment with VENOM.
“We did?” Steve asked, his expression pinched with worry and upset. He clearly did not remember and he looked like he was trying to see if the Red Skull was telling the truth or not.
Now Tony’s brows furrowed and he shook Steve away. Steve woke with a hiss and wildly looked around him but relaxed as soon as his eyes focused on Tony.
He grimly watched Kilian’s men add to the pyre beneath him. In no time, the flames were burning wildly with the added fuel. It was warm at first but as the fire grew and so did the heat with it.
Someone snorted off screen, it sounded like Scott. Steve rolled his eyes and murmured something under his breath.
– on the streets to give me a live view of the city to help in the search for him from here…” Tony whispered, “I wanted to be out there but I…I couldn’t leave you…”
Thinking of Tony, guilt coursed through him in a mighty wave. In the span of a few seconds, as he and Bucky kissed, Steve had felt something more than just a kiss from him.
“Romanoffffffff,” Tony groaned, turning to where she stood by Thor as he held her soulmate. “Please give me and Steve five more minutes to be cliché as we reconnect in a lovey dovey manner!”
Since he’d arrived at the Tower, Steve had managed to make him eat some more food and Tony had destroyed Peter’s phone and given him a new one. Friday reassured him that all of his contacts were in it as well as all of his apps with all of his content properly saved. The only difference about this phone was that his number had changed and it had tougher security settings.
He had to keep reminding himself to keep the slump out of his shoulders or to stop dragging his feet. Despite his efforts, he was quick to draw worried glances from all around him. People could tell something was bothering him and it was making them concerned or uneasy.
Natasha wordlessly watched their exchange from Bucky’s side, her hand still resting on his back, and her eyes were calculating. Bucky did not seem to notice and continued his rocking motions.
“…His shield?” Coulson questioned, sounding genuinely perplexed. “Why on Earth would you want his shield?”
Steve smiled sadly at Tony. Mary brought with her a chance to help Peter and Tony was jumping at it. Steve was right. When push comes to shove, Tony would sober up if it meant helping their son.
“Of course, I was happy,” Steve countered. “You were talking about getting married, but you actually didn’t pop the question!”
This notebook was unusually light and he opened it up to find a good amount of the pages missing from the back. He flipped through the pages and felt his eyes widen as he took in the dates his father had scribbled at the top of the pages. This had been one of his notebooks from World War II.
That first night, after Steve put Peter to bed, Ben sat down with Steve and they recollected the old times, they had grown up in nearly the same era. From there they talked into the night about life and the future. Ben listened to his doubts and plans and readily supported and believed in him. He and the older man immediately struck a friendship, having shared the same views and beliefs.
He lowered himself down slowly and groaned as he got the pressure off his legs and stretched his limbs out in the water. He leaned back, letting his head fall back over the rim of the tub. He closed his eyes and let himself relax for a moment.
Bucky’s feet scrapped the rough concrete of the bridge as he turned and Steve lifted his gaze to him. Bucky stared at him with a frown then reached out a single hand to him.
Yet, Tony did not know how to place him. Who was he? Was he keeping an eye on Tony? And why the hell did he
Tony suddenly leaned into his side and his warmth seeped into Steve’s arm. Steve flinched then relaxed and peered questionably at Tony.
He and Peter were going to spend the rest of their lives laughing together and loving each other…it was the perfect, happy life he never thought he’d get…and now he had it with Peter.
. It was weird imagining his dad use it on Steve. Or total strangers use it. “Baby boy” already equated to Wade’s Peter in his mind and…he didn’t know how he felt about that.
Thor was incapacitated and writhing on the floor. Something, a black circular device, was pinned to the center of his chest and electrical currents ran all over his body and randomly shot out of him.
“Help,” Peter gasped. The cop stumbled to a stop and regarded Peter with shock before slipping into a serious, professional demeanor.
The back ramp was slightly dislodged, letting in a few rays of light. Steve pushed on it with a mighty shove and opened it the rest of the way.
“According to the last brain scans, Sir will be unconscious in 2.6 minutes,” Jarvis replied immediately. “Whatever hit Sir had compromised the suit, letting in water, and fractured a few ribs.”
“Hold,” Natasha replied and turned back to the officer. “I need to know everything about this incident and the perpetrator’s last known location.”
She forced herself to calm down then smoothed back her hair. To the doctor, she commented, “He’s is not going to be thrilled.”
Next came the unpleasant part. Steve quickly unzipped his jumpsuit and pulled off his undershirt. Goosebumps rose on his exposed flesh and his muscles seized. He quickly pulled his uniform over his head and then put his undershirt back on. If he had to unzip his jumpsuit then all anyone would see would be his undershirt. He quickly pulled on his jumpsuit but continued to shiver madly. He would probably do so the rest of the day with the cold cloth pressing into his skin.
Steve’s stomach dropped with the realization that he was mated to a man nonetheless one whom he had called incompetent not twenty minutes ago.
Bucky did not think. He just leaned down, closed his eyes, and kissed Natasha. Natasha jerked in his hold and for a moment, he imagined her relaxing into his kiss.
Tony lightly patted him on the chest and unwrapped his arms, leaving Steve’s neck and front cold. Tony murmured, “I knew the blue would look great on you.”
Objective one of two achieved. He was one step closer to killing her. But what was her name? How will he get it out of her?
The elevator opened for him. It was empty so he pressed the button for his floor and then closed his eyes as he imagined being physical with Wade.
“Why don’t I take Peter with me down to my workshop while you talk to him?” Tony suggested. “Pete can build his Pops something awesome while Uncle Tony builds an almost as awesome helmet for his Mark 43.”
Steve pulled Tony toward him through their connected hands and, once he was close enough, cupped his hand behind Tony’s neck. He gently pulled Tony down for a kiss and Tony willingly complied. He opened his mouth to Steve and Steve sighed in relief as Tony moved in to gently claim his lips. There was going to be a long road ahead of them to rebuild their trust and relationship but both of them wanted it and it was more than Steve could ask for.
“I will be there,” Steve promised and let go of Peter’s comforter. The blanket snapped loudly then quickly disappeared, following the wind’s current behind a neighboring skyscraper.
Steve swiftly but quietly stood and stalked over to Bruce before he could wake Tony. Steve whispered, “It’s the only option we have to save Peter right now.”
Wade had taken him to the med team and they quickly put Peter under and that pain went away for a little. In its place, was a timeless darkness where time had no meaning.
finished turning into a black tee as he stated, “Funny story…It sort of is mine…I forgot to tell you…”
“When he kisses me I feel…precious,” Peter replied, flushing a little. It was a little intimate to share, especially with one’s father.
He was disgusting. How could he do this to Tony? And to Bucky? He was stringing them both along and will end up hurting both of them. He thought he got a handle on his feelings and had chosen Tony…Steve rubbed the feeling of Bucky off his lips again and flushed with shame. Guilt was flooding through his system, making him feel nauseated.
“I do not want any more added to this memory, including seeing you two in your current states,” Peter retorted. His Spidey Sense barely flared and he hit the wall, making his dad snort.
Tony smiled sadly and Steve saw the awareness dawn in his eyes. He slid his hand out of Steve’s and whispered, “But that was before Bucky kissed you.”
As they pulled apart, Steve stepped up and Peter hugged his soon to be step-father. He teased, “Congrats,
He felt cleansed getting it all out and he hoped Steve heard it all or…at least, the important part of it.
“You must understand, Mr. Stark has a reputation but he also requires a level or privacy and…” She paused, as if looking for the best way to phrase it, and stated, “I don’t think the world is ready yet to hear that Tony Stark swings both ways. You understand, right?”
Or Peter could go to kindergarten as Mary’s son. No one but a select few knew Mary Parker was Peter’s mother. Steve had even given Peter his mother’s last name so Peter knew himself to be Peter Parker, not Peter Rogers as the media referred to him. Ben and May Parker had been a part of Peter’s life almost as long as Steve and Tony had been. Steve had even Ben named Peter’s godfather. They loved Peter and, if asked, would help them keep Peter’s secret.
Tony was in this to help Steve and mess with the media. He might be attracted to Steve but he did not want to get into a serious relationship. This was all a part of the ploy for the cameras and Steve stupidly let himself believe otherwise.
Tony spun around to face him and Steve’s reflection on the armor’s faceplate glared back at him. Tony replied with Iron Man’s grated voice, “I obviously didn’t mean to. Clint is fine, and if I hadn’t taken out that thing then it would have gone after you!”
She was originally brought in as an orphan with no financial support and, as such, she would have never been able to afford buying an implant of her own. In the Soviet Union, soul implants were rare and only the upper class and wealthy could buy them, the rest of the population had no way of knowing who their mates were.
Tony laughed and Steve rolled his eyes. Tony reopened the photos they just took and paused at the first one they had taken together. Their heads were pressed together and they were both smiling sweetly at the camera. You could tell they were lying in bed but it cut off at their necks so no one would be able to tell they were shirtless nonetheless naked. Tony asked, “Can we post this one online?”
Tony waved to his husband off stage and Steve answered the beckoning a moment later with an amused smile. The audience leapt to their feet again and applauded even louder at Steve’s appearance. He waved joyfully to them and then sat beside Tony on the couch, squishing Tony between him and Peter. Steve automatically put his arm behind him on the couch and Tony leaned into him like they were at home and not being watched live by millions.
“Since I thought the truth was out there, I took a chance and I asked him out. When he did not reply I immediately assumed the worst!” Tony chuckled, grasping Steve’s hand tighter.
With every move of joint or muscle, the metal plates of his arm shifted to accommodate the change like a rippling of water.
Into the stone, Tony whispered, “I love you, Steve. If you could hear anything of this, just know that I love you…”
Steve should have been given the chance to love somebody unconditionally…Tony tried to give him a limited version of it but…in his haste he didn’t consider how he himself would factor into the relationship.
James shoved her into an alcove when a spray of bullets rained down the hall and she couldn’t hold back her chuckle.
Immediately, she berated herself. Schmidt must have seen through their rouse. He must have known they’d go for Steve! They should have taken it into account!! She so foolishly believed Stark's theory that Schmidt would want to go after him to humiliate Steve further! It was on point about that monster's power hungry personality...but he'd
Tony’s changing hormones and his now constant fighting with his father factored a lot into his fluctuating nature with Steve. Some nights he didn’t want to talk to him and others he was reaching out to Steve like nothing had changed between them.
Tony squeezed Steve a little tighter just as the light became too bright for his eyes and they were whisked back to their era.
“I was still flustered when he came to apologize so when he first said what he was sorry for I did not really hear him at first,” Steve added, grasping Tony’s hand with a grin.
“Soooo pissed at you,” Tony moaned in exasperation, but he didn’t let go of his super soldier. He was angry with him but…but he was more scared of losing him.
Steve knelt, holding his shield between himself and the stranger, and lightly touched his waist, checking for weapons.
Wade’s words came back to him. He was right. This wasn't Peter. He didn't want to have this space between him and his father. They had their problems but they could work it out. Tony was already breaching the chasm. It was Peter's turn to reach out.
“Why do you keep looking up?” Steve asked him curiously. The threat of snipers in the trees was very low as the branches were extremely sparse and too thin to bear any real weight. Bucky was trained in looking for them and he was positive his friend would spot any if there was a sniper in the trees.
And on and on the questions went, getting more vulgar and more insulting as he got closer to his destination. By the time they went through the doors and they were sealed behind them Steve was literally shaking with rage and humiliation.
Finally, Bruce’s shoulders slumped in defeat and, without meeting Steve’s eyes, he answered, “Offer yourself to Venom as a willing host."
Since leaving the forest, Tony felt like he was fighting a magnetic pull. His every move was sluggish as he had a constant need to look at or be near Steve.
Natasha elbowed him and admonished, “It’s sweet. Don’t say anything that can ruin all of my hard work.”
Tony smirked at Bucky and then grasped Steve’s shoulder as he said, “I’m going to get some food, I’ll be right back.”
Peter and their past selves all wore suits that connected to Friday so he pulled up the vitals to monitor everyone. They all had elevated heart rates, which came as no surprise in a middle of a fight.
Unfortunately, even with Steve’s intervention, the photo from the future was more faded and hinted at a darker future.
“I...I didn't mean that." Worst lie ever. "I’ve got to go,” Peter whispered and, before Tony could say anything, he charged straight to the elevator.
But Peter, his baby boy, was hurt bad. Venom must have been trying to immobilize him to make its escape easier when it bashed his head in. It probably had done the same the night before…He was just barely conscious and the only signs of consciousness came from the way one of Peter’s hands held onto his arm and whenever he’d randomly whisper his name.
When they parked in the garage under the Tower and far away from the reporters camped out outside, Steve leaned toward him and asked, “Is everything okay?”
Peter snorted and Wade hopped over the remains of Ultron and tugged at the metal warped around Peter.
The Soldier placed his firearm back onto the side table but he circled the room and tried to pinpoint what had woken him. He found nothing and decided to check outside. He picked up his gun and holstered it. He crossed the room and put his right hand on the doorknob but froze upon seeing his soul implant.
Still raw from his nightmare, Steve broke down and sobbed into his shoulder. Tony tucked Steve’s head into the crook of his neck and lightly pet his head with soothing whispers. Steve nuzzled his face into Tony’s flesh and kept whispering, “I’m sorry –
Tony groaned and turned to the other two bots and ordered, “Butterfingers! U! Clean up after Dummy before he tries to himself!” The bots instantly went to action and Tony turned back to Steve. He said, “We could go down to Queens right now and talk to them. It can be just you and me. Peter does not have to go. We can explain the situation to them and ask if they want to meet him. It’s…” Tony pulled out his tablet and looked at the time. He said, “It’s a little after three on a Saturday. They’re probably home. You can’t keep putting this off, it will make you go crazy.”
Tony turned back to his screen and opened Steven’s file again. He did it automatically and he blanked on a reason why he did it for a second as his mind was still reeling from his emotional encounter with Pepper. But then he realized her tone had reminded him of his would-be-savior’s.
Jams were already sitting on the table and Peter snatched up the marmalade and smeared it on his toast.
“Oh, but it is,” Tony countered. “Just like all the confrontations he was involved with us in, he’s treating it like a game. He isn’t serious about it. He is playing house right now, but the man is still insane and can just as easily turn on Peter when he grows bored.”
So we are taking are first steps into the drama now...I will try to get the chapters out on a regular basis but they will come out at a slower pace because of life...
Howard blinked a few times as if clearing his eyes and then stared at him with wide eyes. It was 1970 so Howard had aged since the late 40s but it was no mistaking it was his father.
Steve gripped the strap to his shield tightly as he watched the last of the Hydra soldiers being rounded up. Phillips had already made the call to make camp a mile up the road where they had better cover and the men could more easily search the area. Scouts were already alerting nearby forces of the attack. The Hydra officers were going to be questioned and the rest of the agents were going to be sent to a prison camp with one of their smaller units as escort.
The hologram instantly disappeared and his husband rushed over to him. Tony’s hair was wild, his eyes large, and his face was pale. There were tears in his eyes by the time he reached Steve’s bedside and a hitch in his breath. Tony looked like he wanted to embrace him tightly but instead lightly grasped Steve’s hand in lieu of his injuries.
Tony came with a strangled cry and collapsed beneath him. Steve let his face slip from his fingers and he readjusted his hold on Tony’s hips. Steve clutched his hips tightly and thrust quickly and shallowly to follow his lover and he too collapsed as he came.
“I actually already called Bruce to run and hide. He’s AWOL until this whole mess is settled,” Natasha stated. Tony frowned and Natasha reasoned, “Do you really want to go on the run with the Hulk? How do you think he’ll react in tense situations? We are all safer without him and Bruce agrees.”
All of this worry was what led to Tony debating whether his past dilemma with Peter or his current dilemma with Steve was harder because he liked distractions that made him contemplate and put off things for a really, really long time.
“Or big surprise wedding where you include a few close friends and family and hundreds of strangers,” Peter added on with a smirk.
Mary looked down at her lap and said, “I’ve been here. I locked myself away in Osborn’s tower…Richard, he told you we were in SHIELD?”
Steve rubbed his face one more time and replied, “Yes…" He sighed and his thoughts immediately went to his son. This was the longest he had been away from Peter and not even ten minutes had passed. He murmured, "I’m going to check on Peter.”
Tony thought the metallic covering on his arm was another weird latch, but it did not come off and then Bucky moved it and Tony realized it was his arm. He cursed colorfully under his breath and grabbed it to inspect it closer.
The stranger instantly grasped the sides of Steve’s head with his bare hands and asked, “How much heat can your brain take, super soldier?”
Bucky stood, pushed back his hood, and yelled, “EVERYONE GET OUT OF HERE!” The civilians transferred their looks of shock from Steve to Bucky and a few had took out their phones to take some pictures. Bucky snarled then tore a gun from its hidden holster under his arm and shot the ceiling a few times.
Steve’s chest contracted a little upon the mentioning of Tyler. He slumped into one of the elevator walls and mumbled, “I still don’t even know what she looks like…and I’m being accused of her rape…”
Steve wanted to see Bucky. Despite the fact he had a hand in helping push Tony away, Bucky was still his best friend and the only person he could truss the full impact of his grief with. He had to be strong for the others but not for Bucky, Bucky could be strong for him like he was the night of his mother's funeral.
Finally, Steve rolled his eyes and held out his hand to the jerk that had helped him. He reluctantly said, “Thank you. I didn’t need your help but the extra punches you doled out were helpful.”
Tomorrow would be there before he knew it and he had to face a new reality with Steve. It was going to be near impossible to remain just-friends now. His body figuratively felt a pull toward Steve whenever they were in the same area.
Feeling like a naughty child dipping into the cookie jar, Wade caught Peter's eyes and lightly bit down on his nipple. Peter hissed as his hands tightened on Wade's shoulders, pushing and pulling him in at the same time. Wade grinned and dipped his head, sucking the nipple into his mouth.
It took all of Wade’s power to keep from bursting into happy tears right there but his smile did wobble slightly. With the water from the shower soaking them both, Wade couldn’t be too sure that one or two drops of tears escaped but Peter wouldn’t notice. He cupped Peter’s face and whispered, “I feel the same.”
He was never going to do anything with Tony but…maybe if he imagined it, it would go away. Maybe that was the problem? Maybe he just needed to get it flushed out of his system.
Before he could second guess himself, he turned on the battery and stuck the prod into Venom. Bolts raced across the prod and then into Venom’s body. Wade cringed slightly as some of those bolts hit him and his heart stopped and restarted a few times. Wade held onto the prod though and made sure it was always connected to Venom. The symbiote thrashed on the ground screaming bloody murder. It took only a few seconds for Venom’s shrieks to be joined by another. Peter’s screams mixed in with Venoms and Wade’s grip faltered.
“You –,” Stark hissed. “You see what you’ve done. My son and I’s relationship was perfectly fine before you showed up! And the way you belittle –.”
The screens opened and he saw Steve and Bucky standing in front of him with worried expressions. Tony’s eyes lingered on Steve. He bit down on his lip and then murmured to the other men, “I will need to be in here a while…you guys should make yourselves comfortable in the meantime. We’ll figure out what happened when the suit is done charging.”
“Hello?” Peter said. With the door open, he was better able to see the individuals who rang the doorbell. One was well over six feet, had a burly build, and blond hair. Blondie became his immediate nickname.
Tony grasped Thor’s forearm which held the hammer and stated, “Steve said he woke because of you and this thing. It’s not just you! It’s something about your hammer that woke him last time!”
Steve chuckled and broke away from Tony’s neck to kiss him on the mouth. Tony’s lips parted for him without another word of complaint. When he eventually pulled back they shared mutual grins.
Bucky's lips twitched into the semblance of a smile and then strode the rest of the way into the room and straight to Tony. He carefully embraced Tony and Steve overheard Tony murmur to Bucky, "As soon as I get my new arm in, we need to do an arm wrestling contest."
Tony slipped into the bed and it shifted slightly from his weight. The glow from the reactor gave off enough light for them to see each other. Steve turned to Tony and whispered, “Goodnight.”
She nodded and then spared a pitying glance over his shoulder before stepping out. He looked over his shoulder where her gaze had pointed and saw Tony had woken up. His hands had curled into the bedding and his grip was so tight that his knuckles turned white.
Steve shook his head and said, “I want to…You can’t imagine how badly I want to…” Steve reached out to him, as if to touch him, but he pulled back at the last second and continued, “But we can’t…you said it yourself, even the littlest of things can change the future. I do not want to change the future you laid out to me.”
“It’s adult tickling,” Tony explained with a smirk and Steve bit back a groan. Peter’s brows pinched together and a confounded expression crossed his face.
Tony continued, “Schmidt is doing all of this to humiliate Steve. He made him kiss his boot, he made him say things he did not want to say, he’s degrading him by…by hurting him.” Tony paused as the breath caught in his throat. He gulped to clear it and continued, “He could humiliate Steve more if the Red Skull had the possibility to do the same to me and Steve having no way to stop it…”
Steve shook his head and murmured, “I have no idea how this happened but, I swear to you, there isn’t a force in heaven or earth that would be able to separate us now here or in our dreams.”
Mary nodded curtly and held out her hand. She asked, “I assume you have a syringe or some kind of needle to draw my blood?”
It was just a coincidence that he and Tony shared similar features…and had the same hair color, the same eye color, the same chin, and…
His thoughts instantly turned to Peggy, waiting in that dance hall all alone. Peggy was an old lady now…if she was still alive that is.
“Come here, милая,” Natasha called out to her son. Stepan followed Peter out, leaving the Bartons alone in their splash battle.
Tony huffed but he didn’t complain. Fury was dead. It would have been weird if SHIELD wasn’t a little antsy and hadn’t uped up their security. He stepped out of the suit and his bare feet touched cold tile. He should have put shoes on before he jumped in the suit. He repressed a shiver from the air conditioning hitting his thin shirt and nodded to his suit as he sarcastically asked, “Where shall I hang this-?”
Steve’s eyes widened and his gaze snapped back to the time glove. The glowing circle and the gears inside was almost exactly the same as the ones Tony had created.
He watched as Tony sent the same text and photo to Bucky. It took Bucky less than 30 seconds to call them.
Peter sat next to him with a smile. Playing dumb, he asked, “So how do you know Stark? You fall into his reactor?”
After their honeymoon, they sat Peter down and explained the new changes to their lives. He knew about the adoption and what it meant. They did not want to force the issue about Peter calling Tony “Dad” but now Steve wished they had at least suggested it.
Steve wanted to keep his identity a secret but he also did not want to leave behind his shield and the rest of his uniform. It was all he had left of his old life and the only real proof of who he was.
Steve did but watched the time traveler curiously. Why was Steve laying down? What did he have planned? There was no food so they weren't having a picnic. Did…Did he expect sex? Steve’s heart withered at the thought. He wanted Tony to woo him. He wanted what most other couples’ had before jumping in bed together…
He nodded again and, after a moment’s hesitation, leaned down and lightly kissed her. She kissed him back, threading her hands through his hands, and then pulled back with a bittersweet smile.
Still refusing to let go of Tony, they walked together to the front door and opened it. To Fury, they had come face-to-face mere moments before but to Steve it had been weeks. It felt surreal to Steve to be in this position again. It must’ve been extremely strange to Fury as well because Steve was now bearded.
Wade laughed and grabbed Peter to roll him over onto his mattress. Peter gaily laughed and landed with a huge smile that threatened to split his face. His eyes sparkled with that emotion Wade wasn’t ready to label and he smiled back, pouring all of his love and devotion into it.
He almost left his room but did a quick turnaround as he remembered his cell phone. It was still sitting in his charger from where he left it before he had gone on his run. He picked it up and paused when he saw some missed texts. He had three texts from Tony looking for him earlier and he smiled happily as he read them. Warmth permeated in his chest as he remembered what transpired between them after Tony had found him.
“Ready to go, sir?” Bruce asked with a wily grin, not hearing the exchange between Tony and Steve. He put on an overly exaggerated accent to sound like one of those butlers one sees on TV.
“Or not..? We don’t have to. I just thought you were interested. I mean I am interested. I don’t know how many clues I shot you, more so after you told me you were gay. When it never went further I just assumed you still held something for Bucky. Or maybe you still do? Oh God, you still do don’t you?? I moved too fast! I’m sorry. I read into the hugs and the stares…I could not help it. I mean you’re you! You’re hot, you’re wonderful, you’re…you’re staring at me as if I am insane.”
He fluttered kisses all over Tony’s face, kissing the sides of his mouth, his nose, his cheeks, his eyelids, every square inch of his face. Worshiping him. Loving him. Meanwhile, Tony continued to whisper, “I love you, Steve. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier. I love you so much. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be casual anymore.
They’d adopted Peter when he was orphaned as a baby and both of them fell in love with the boy in less than 24 hours. Steve melted a little internally as he watched Tony with their son.
Cable’s eyes snapped to Steve and then he stomped over to him and then roughly hauled him to his feet. Cable hissed, “Lieutenant Rhodes will be here soon to wake him. We need to move Stark downstairs and set it up so he’ll think he dreamed it all.”
He didn’t know how long they webbed across the city but they eventually made it back to their roof. The flowers were right where Peter left them though were a little wilted.
Their friends chuckled and the wedding photographer went crazy in taking pictures. Tony’s hand settled above his heart and, for those few moments, everything felt perfectly right.
. Vision may not smell ‘right’ to Logan, but at least he didn’t smell ‘bad’. You have to admit that particular feature is a little disconcerting…”
“Guilty!” their kidnapper said, stepping forward with a chuckle. “Now you two stay here! I’ll get Petey! Where is he, TGI Friday?”
Tony looked up at the two nurses and then back to the double doors. He dropped his head and murmured, “Take me back to my room.”
“You put in the chip and I will preoccupy him,” Steve hissed. He charged forward with a determined expression on his face and Tony’s heart went out to him. He couldn’t imagine what was going through Steve’s head right now. What if this was really his long-lost friend?
The soldiers began to disperse and the vehicles were being directed to park. Excited to see Steve again, Tony turned to Panzer and said, “You can park this beast by yourself, right?”
Bucky frowned, not liking this quiet Tony. He wished there was something he could do to change that…he felt useless for both him and Steve…
Tony dropped their hands then leaned heavily into Steve with a pleased grin, melding his body to Steve’s side. Steve instantly relaxed into him and lay his head on top of Tony’s.
The robot’s glowing eyes focused on Steve and stated, “My father told me that you were the most honest and genuine man he had ever met. That you were true to your word, no matter the circumstances and, I was hoping you’d place your trust in me as I will do in you…”
His parents were together when he finally reached the lab. They’d been standing with each other in the middle of a bunch of holograms but Tony shut them all down when he entered.
“Bucky,” Steve gasped. Behind his closed eyes, he was tiny again and they were in their old apartment. The Winter Soldier and Captain America never existed. It was just a skinny Steve Rogers and the short-haired, sane Bucky Barnes, like he always fantasized.
“Does this mean everyone has to start addressing me as Time Lord?” Tony asked. He suddenly inhaled sharply and leapt to his feet. Pointing at Cable he gasped, “HOLY SHIT! You are the legit Terminator, aren’t you?! Did you have orders to come back in time to protect me??
After they got settled in, Steve and Peter spent most of their time in the community room. Steve began to sketch again or played with Peter with his new toys.
A dark figure was hunched over his laundry basket. It must have knocked it over when it slipped in from the window and it was putting the clothes back in it.
Tony snorted and pulled the sweater over his head. It was soft and the arms were too long and Steve's eyes crinkled as Tony pulled up the sleeves.
Once again there were influences from the comic book universe but I have dabbled in it, using my artist license (the Shadow Soldier is my creation for example!).
“No and yes,” Tony replied for Ben. He had read the same records Steve did on Mary Parker. “They served SHIELD as both spies and scientists…scientists mostly according to the files.”
His heart ached and his soul felt tired. He had thought his last struggle with the Red Skull had been hard, what with knowing he was going to die but…but this constant struggle to get back the amazing life he’d only had a taste of…and the constant failings…
He raised his gauntleted hand as the power of the infinity stones burned into him. His entire right side felt like it was on fire. He was shaking. His mortal body was no match for the strength of the stones. But he pressed his middle finger and thumb together and still managed to defiantly hiss to that purple monster, “I am Iron Man.”
Steve smiled that dazzling smile of his and whispered, “Yes, Tony, I will marry you, my ridiculous time traveler.”
Tony’s grin widened and he laughed playfully, “You sound like you are quoting something from a Disney movie!”
Tony pulled on his hand and pulled him into his own apartment. Steve whispered in agreement, “Together.”
Peter took a steadying breath and stated to the nearest camera, “Find Eddie Brock. He helped me make this. He’ll be our best bet in getting it off –.”
He hoped he wasn't alone, that may be in some parallel paradox Bucky and Natasha were living out the rest of their lives.
“No,” Pepper retorted with a smirk. She teased, “If he’s brave enough to fall in love with you then there can’t be much left to mortify him…”
Wade chuckled and, much like what had happened when he hummed, the feeling ran through Peter again. Peter pressed his heels deeper into Wade's back with another heated groan.
But come morning, Tony did not come to breakfast. After the meal, Peter was distracted by Thor as the large man was telling him one of his tales of Asgard. Steve stepped away to ask Jarvis where Tony was only to find out that he was no longer in the Tower, in fact, he was no longer in the state.
The Americans were informed of his “amnesia” and ecstatically told him of their country. The Russians gave him rudimentary knowledge but these people were actual citizens and knew the little things that Steve had been craving to hear. They came from all over the country from the tip of Southern California to the northern part of Maine. They shared stories of their lives growing up and most were humorous and others were miraculous or adventure filled. They loved to boast which was parallel to the American soldiers he had fought with. It made Steve happy. The world may have changed but the American spirit was as strong as ever.
Tony replayed all the moments he interacted with Steve and realized Steve was either unconscious or Tony was in his suit, with his face shield down when they were physically together. They never touched nor make physical eye contact, both indicators needed for the implants. Tony had looked into Steve’s eyes plenty of times through Iron Man’s eyes but never with his own.
. He chastised himself. He quickly rubbed his eyes but it was too late, the damage was done. Peter had felt his tears and knew something was wrong.
“Tony?” Steve whispered and lightly ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony nearly melted into Steve’s gentle touch. He turned back around, pressing his head into Steve’s hand and finally met the super soldier’s sad eyes.
Peter glanced over his shoulder to where Pops was leaning against the counter and smiling happily at Peter. Dad leaned into Pops’ side with an arm draped behind him on his waist. He met Dad’s eyes for a second and his father nodded him on encouragingly.
“Natasha, he told me himself how much he cared for you! He-He does not love me anymore! He fought the mind wipe for you!
The paper with his phone number was crumpled into a ball beside him, forgotten by Bucky. Steve stared at it morosely. Such a simple thing was the precursor to a traitorous act. He gently picked it up, stared at it a moment, and then smoothed out the wrinkled paper. He carefully folded it and slipped out of the bed.
Thor sat up sharply, gasping for breath. He clapped Steve’s shoulder and gasped, “Thank you, my friend. The beast constructed an inhibitor which countered my lightening powers and turned them against me! How fairs the Man of Iron?”
“I reminded Peter of the risks, specifically that the man is a mercenary but, that is all I will do. Peter is his own man and I won’t stop him from loving who he wants,” Steve stated. He cupped Tony’s cheek and whispered, “Love comes in many forms and I won’t deny my son what he wants. If it worries you so much, then talk to him after he’s done at the lab.”
Steve was just wearing his nice buttoned-down shirts and regular slacks. He nervously played with the top button on his throat as he watched Tony.
His phone started to buzz with Stark’s number but Coulson hit the ignore button without a second’s pause.
Tony huffed and sarcastically replied, “Yeah, bet you weren’t expecting this kind of drama when you agreed to come up here.”
Tony nodded and the suit closed around him. He turned to the machine and wobblingly walked up to it.
Hulk charged Venom before he could resume his attack on Steve. Both yelled at each other with all their might as they met in a deadly embrace and knocked over a concrete wall, throwing their fight into the other room.
He was going to create the element needed to fix Tony’s reactor and save his life, even if it were the last thing he did.
Peter glanced at the bags one last time but decided against it. His backpack worked fine and was nondescript. More people owned plain backpacks than camera bags. He answered, “Nah, I’m good.”
Steve would love to go outside. Being cooped up in that tiny apartment with an unsocial Cable for days on end with only the laptop was driving him insane. He could go running again and drink in the rays of the sun and live a little instead of counting down the days.
That got a response and Coulson’s heart flipped as the Captain looked up and peered at him. Rogers monotonously observed, “You were the one who came to the Tower.”
“If it makes our alien story a little more boring, I am more than happy to take the B-rating that goes with it,” Tony said, looking over his shoulder to see his son safe and leaning into Wade’s side.
Behind him, he could hear Tony grumbling darkly under his breath until finally he jumped to his feet and yelled, “That man has no right to say those things about Steve! I was there and he was anything but
He wouldn't have to worry about hiding his uniform under his clothes if his uniform was actively working to hide itself.
The helicarriers were in the air and he and Sam teamed together to get Natasha and Clint into the first helicarrier and then they split to get the other two with their respective partners in tow. Steve was secure in his grip and Coulson was latched tightly to Sam.
Venom’s body had yet to reform and was flailing wildly in tendrils around Peter. Steve ran from the cage, dodged Venom, and knelt next to his son. He was afraid to touch him, nonetheless move him. Peter looked as if his skin was as delicate as tissue paper and his bones as fragile as fine glass.
Tony was right where he left him, dozing away on top of the blankets, unashamed of his body on display. Steve gently put down the tub as his gaze raked over Tony's form. He was so handsome and rugged it made Steve want to crawl back into bed and make love again and again until he didn’t know where Tony’s body began or where Steve’s ended.
Steve did not reply though the man’s words did ring true. He was tempted to hide the implant from Schmidt but did not, to keep him from manipulating him any further.
