“Leave in peace. But don’t tell anyone, or I’ll be back.” She said. Amanda looked between Dean and Casmiria. Dean nodded.
“I’m glad this amuses you.” he said. Dean bit his lip.
The final chapter before the epilogue!
ready.” he hissed, as Dean pressed on his prostate again. Dean’s eyes found his own, and it touched Cas to see the concern there.
“You got what you wanted.” he said. “Let them go.” Casmiria nodded and waved her hand, making the front door fly open.
“Dean, please, I need…” Dean soothes him with soft kisses, pressed to his lips as Dean’s hand wraps around both of their cocks. The teasing from earlier takes its toll, and in minutes they are both gasping out their orgasms together, breathless against each other’s lips.
Gabriel wasn’t one for stiff odds. He preferred situations where he (and his team members) obviously had the advantage. This was not going to be one of those situations. They were going to be at the mercy of a very powerful witch with a grudge against everyone who was going to be there.
“He’s in the shower.” He heard the shower turn off and shouted.
Suddenly, it all stopped. Dean was breathing again and the witch…she was smiling.
“And then, you have the gall to attack my boyfriend!?” Wait, boyfriend? Who was the archangel’s boyfriend? It wasn’t Cas so did that mean…? Gabriel dodged the object she threw at him. Dean didn’t know what it was, it was moving too fast for him to be able to tell, but it made a huge noise as it shattered against the wall. There were objects flying everywhere, and Dean couldn’t see anything but the two most powerful beings in the room locked in combat. It was awe-inspiring. Suddenly, Dean heard a voice behind him.
“No, but there’s a recipe on the container.” Sam tossed the formula towards him, momentarily forgetting that Dean was, in fact, holding a baby. Dean just managed to catch the container in his free hand, glaring at Sam when he had it. Sam handed him a bottle, grinning apologetically, and then left the kitchen. Dean rolled his eyes as Sam walked out.
“The perks of being an Angel, I suppose.” he said, as he opened the door to the hotel room. Andrew and Amanda were sitting at the table, talking; they both looked up when they entered.
“Watching me sleep? Okay, not creepy at all.” Gabriel paused and looked right at Sam, confusion etched into his features.
“Deeeeaaaannn!” he moans out again, and Dean feels Cas’ come paint his hand and stomach. The clenching of Cas’ heat around him is too much, and Dean follows right behind, moaning Cas’ name as he feels the condom. He collapses on top of the angel, still breathing heavily.
Chapter 10: Forgiveness
“It was really far away and I only caught a glimpse. I’m sorry.” Cas reached out and put a hand on her shoulder.
“Dean.” he said. He looked over her shoulder for Cas, and when he didn’t see him, turned his attention back to her. She was exactly the type of girl he would have gone after if he didn’t have Cas. “Can I help you?” he asked, trying not to be rude. She smiled what she probably thought was a seductive smile, but she was too drunk for it to mean much.
“What?” he asked, annoyance leaking through his tone. Sam’s sighed before he answered.
boyfriend that was a toddler. So it was only right that he should have the lead. At least, that was his thinking.
“I don’t think so. It was a trap, Dean! She knew we had been there, that’s why she put up the angel warding! She wanted you to go in without us.” Dean couldn’t listen to Cas’ reasoning, he was too mad at being jerked away. He was so close.
From: Castiel
“Are you alright?” he murmured, leaning down to brush his lips across Dean’s head. The hunter nodded.
“What makes you say that?” Dean asked. Sam shook his head and motioned for Dean to follow him. Dean made sure Cas was coming and then he did. Sam opened up the door to his motel room and gestured to the bed. Dean squinted in the dim light and saw what was clearly Gabriel’s face sleeping.
“She was sad and lonely! Her husband is obviously a deadbeat who would rather drink his life away than stay home with his wife! And then you come up being all nice and…well, she was definitely interested.” Dean made a noise of disgust.
“That Gabriel was your favorite.” Dean almost laughed, but then remembered that no matter how trivial it had seemed to everyone else, Cas had most likely taken it very seriously.
“I have my car.” Amanda said. “And I’ll need it anyway. Since I’m supposed to leave with my daughter.” She said.
“Katie’s in the car. I-I couldn’t just leave without knowing that you…” she paused, swallowing. “That all of you were okay.” she said. Andrew smiled at her knowingly.
“At any rate, it’s too late now to go do anything about it. We should just get a fresh start in the morning.” Dean nodded and clapped his hands together.
“Cas is back to normal.” He said. Gabriel grinned.
“See? Problem solved.” Dean stood up and stretched. Sam sighed, but must have decided that he was right. He shut his laptop and stood up, keeping Gabriel close to his chest.
So basically I just decided to hell with it and I'm just going to post the rest of the story. Enjoy.
“Isn’t everyone?” Dean replied sarcastically. “I still think it would be easier to just hand him over and be done with the whole thing.”
“I’m fine, Cas!” Dean said. He reached and turned the radio up deafeningly loud, effectively cutting off the conversation. Cas looked down at his hands. Dean was so infuriating sometimes. He was so unwilling to talk about what he was feeling, and Cas wasn’t good at human emotions. Dean was obviously upset, so why would he lie to Cas and tell him he wasn’t? It just didn’t make sense. The sooner Cas knew what was wrong, the sooner he could try and fix it.
“It was touch and go for a while, but yes, he’s stable. We gave him Naloxone, and he seems to be responding to it. He should be fine now.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief, his knees almost going weak. Castiel was going to live.
“Do you want me to tie you up?” he asked, moving his hand deftly to his tie and pulling it off slowly. Dean swallowed, and then nodded.
“This isn’t up for discussion, Cas. I said no.” he growled. Gabriel spoke up from the couch, where he was watching the confrontation. (And also eating a candy bar, but when
He didn’t know when he had decided to trust Andrew with something as important as this. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that the witch had just as much, if not more, to lose than they did. And he’d been chasing Casmiria for a lot longer than they had.
At least he could use a toilet. He shuddered to think of having to have someone cleaning up after him.
Though he couldn’t tell you exactly why.
“What the
“Yeah, I am. But not today. Today, I’m getting drunk.”
“Don’t sweat it, man. I know.” He reached out and gripped Dean’s arm briefly before pushing past them and tossing the empty bottle into a conveniently placed garbage can. He heaved a sigh and rubbed his temples, plopping back down on the bench.
“N-no…” Dean moaned as Castiel closed his lips around Dean’s length.
“We found a way to get rid of Casmiria. For good this time.” Dean said. Andrew perked up immediately and wandered over to the table, peeking over Dean’s shoulder at the various substances scattered all over the table.
“Do you think Cas is still in here?” He asked Sam. Cas tried to say ‘yes’ but all that came out was babble that caused Dean to shush him.
took that option away from me. So I’m going with the next best option.” He rolled his eyes and looked out the window. Dean walked towards the door and gestured for the other three to follow him. Castiel got up from the bed and followed them all to the door, still looking a little crestfallen.
“They’ll be okay, sweetie. Come on, now, we have to go.” She nodded at the men and then ushered them out the door. It shut behind them.
Ah, there it went. That ‘love’ word again.
“I’m not ashamed, Gabe. I-I just don’t know how to tell him.” Sam pleaded. He reached out and took Gabriel’s hand. “This is all new to me. I’m just not…ready to tell him.” The archangel sighed. Sam put his hand on the other man’s face and bent down to kiss him. Gabriel responded, stretching up on his toes so Sam didn’t have to reach so far. Sam pulled away, but rested his forehead against Gabriel’s. “Please.” He whispered. Gabriel nodded slowly. Sam kissed him again, harder this time. Gabriel ran his tongue along Sam’s lower lip and Sam opened his mouth and teased Gabriel’s tongue with his own. They kissed for a few minutes, each holding the other tightly. Wordlessly they stopped, and Gabriel led Sam over to the bed. He crawled into the bed and patted the space beside him.
“Cas.” he breathed, and the angel shushed him with a gentle kiss.
Once he had kicked the man (and Bela) out of his house, he’d driven to the nearest bar and started to drink. Of course, once he’d been there someone had mentioned that the strip club down the street, Hell’s Angels, was having a special on Valentine’s day. Half-off drinks. Which, to Dean’s buzzed brain, had sounded great. Get even more drunk on cheap alcohol, surrounded by scantily clad women.
Chapter 11: Here We Go Again
Seriously, Dean, I have to have this finished by nine. CN
They stopped a little ways away from Casmiria’s house, in order to tie Andrew’s hands behind his back. They had decided this would be the easiest way to gain entry without arousing suspicion. Sam showed Andrew a way to easily slip the knot when the time came. While Sam was demonstrating, Dean pulled Cas off to the side.
“You need an hour to pack?” he asked, and Dean shook his head.
“Mine.” Dean huffed out, driving into that spot over again.
Castiel knew that none of his companions were aware that he was back at full power. And he was at the back of the group, so there was no ways of him letting any of them know, either. They were sitting in a zig-zag pattern, with Andrew in front of him, Dean in front of them, Sam and Gabriel were both off to the side. Castiel focused on the rope that held Andrew’s hands together, hoping the man would have the sense to not let be known that he was free. As the rope fell away, Castiel let out a sigh of relief as the other man caught it before it made its way to the floor.
“I know. Dean was being a dick and there was no reason for it.”
“D..De.Dean..” Cas stuttered, rolling his head back and closing his eyes, baring his throat for Dean. Dean hummed in appreciation and began to suck a bruise on Cas’ pulse point. Others be damned, this angel was all his. He kissed down Cas’ chest and dropped to his knees unbuttoning Cas’ pants and letting them drop. He was a mildly irritated by the cloth adorning his angels hips, but the boxers were quickly pulled out of the way. He grinned up at Cas as he leaned forward and licked the precome pearling at Cas’ head.
“So, are we all going to go?” Gabriel asked as they were packing. Sam paused holding a pair of boxers.
Stopping seemed to be the furthest thing from Cas’ mind. He put one hand on the side of Dean’s face and began to stroke the hunter’s cheekbone with his thumb, gently changing the desperate pace of the kiss to something more tender. Dean’s heart swelled at the change, and at the way Cas was touching him. It made him feel loved, worshipped, maybe. Like he was something worth caring about.
“I’m gonna put clothes on.” he said, kissing Castiel once more before walking across the room and started to dig through his bag. “You should, too.” Castiel nodded and suddenly he was dressed, making Dean scowl at him as he put on his clothes.
“Hey, I’m an old man, son. My joints can’t take jumping up and down anymore.”  Bobby interrupted, and Dean cheerfully ignored him to make introductions.
“I doubt that. I know him. He lives that way.” The man pointed the way that they had come from.
Pushing those thoughts away, Castiel poured himself a cup of coffee, added sugar and just a splash of milk, and took a sip. He sighed quietly and sat down, opposite of the jacket to drink it. He could almost imagine that Dean was sitting across from him. He shook his head to rid himself of the image. Even if Dean had stayed the night, he'd have left as soon as they had woken up, leaving Castiel alone in the misery that was his apartment.
“It was a joke, Cassie.” The archangel said patiently.
They laid there until Dean’s bladder couldn’t take it anymore and he had to get up to use the bathroom. By the time he was finished, Castiel was already dressed and sitting on the edge of the bed, waiting for him.
“Dean!” Cas gasped, and Dean felt hands in his hair.  Dean smiled and wrapped one hand around the base of Cas’ dick as he sucked him down slurping happily. He pulled off and licked up and down the shaft, taking particular care with the sensitive underside of his head. He was rewarded with a loud moan from his angelic boyfriend. Dean took Cas in his mouth again and swallowed him down as far as he could without gagging. (He’d gotten much better at not gagging in the past couple of months.) He started to hum lightly as he bobbed his head, pulling almost all the way out and licking Cas’ head before diving down again. Cas started to thrust shallowly into his mouth and Dean allowed it, putting a hand on Cas’ hip to keep him from pushing in too far. He really wasn’t ever going to admit to anyone how much he enjoyed sucking Cas’ dick. The taste, the movements, everything was so fucking addictive. Dean dropped both of his hands from Cas’ and they went straight to his pants, pulling his own dick out. He started to jerk himself off, the sight of Cas being almost enough to make him come right then. The angel looked so beautiful, his head thrown back and his eyes closed in pure ecstasy as he thrust shallowly into Dean’s mouth.
And he couldn’t wait.
“So…I’ll go talk my Winchester down and you can go talk yours down?” he suggests. Castiel sighs.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas’ rough voice was breathless. Dean smiled and stood up, pulling Cas to his feet.
He sat himself on Sam’s lap, playing with a loose string on his button-up. It seemed to be what most of his time had consisted of lately. He swore that he had found every string on every single one of the button-ups Sam owned. (Which was a lot, just to be clear)
Kristy was amazingly helpful. Not only did she tell them everything they would need, but she personally showed them where everything was and helped them guess about how much of everything they would need. They guessed that Cas was around six months old (at least, that’s what they told her). She stayed with them the entire time, giving advice on how to change a diaper or on which brands to buy. When they were finally finished, she stood by them as they checked over the cart.
“Hey, chin up. We’ll get him back.” Sam looked at Dean.
Maybe he was just looking for a fight. Andrew just glanced back at him. The easiest way to describe the way he looked was defeated.
“Didn’t take as long as I thought.” he grinned. Gabriel walked over and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
“Just put them on, Cas.” Okay, Dean may be just a little bit attracted to the angel. Just a little. Possibly. He sighs internally. It’s not like Cas would return any of those affections. For Christ sake’s he’s an angel. He is above such human emotion.
“Hello! Your brother said you might need some help?” she asked. Sam shrugged.
“Umm, Gabe, we have a situation. Kindly report immediately….umm…” Sam paused, “over?” Dean burst out laughing as Gabriel appeared.
Chapter 16: Showdown
Castiel climbed inside, throwing Dean's jacket into the passenger seat as he sat down. He clipped his seatbelt into place and started the car without preamble, backing out of the parking space as soon as the car was in gear. Castiel didn't linger if he could help it. Not to mention, he'd probably be late if he did, given how bad the traffic was. Hell, he might even be late now. It wasn't likely that anyone would notice, not until Castiel was needed. It was an unfortunate part of not being close to any of your co-workers. (Dean being the only and immediate exception)
He heard a noise in the general direction of the bed and glanced over to see Gabriel stretching his tiny toddler body.
“Hey, Cas.” He couldn’t help but smile.
“Fine. At least tell me what I slipped on.” Gabriel looked up at him, deliberating and then smiled.
He knows that he’s being absurd, and that Dean wants, and even though he
and he absolutely did not
Castiel nodded. “My apologies. I didn’t think of it upsetting you.” He looked at Dean, reaching out suddenly to take his arm. “I am going to disappear along with Dean now.” He said, and the next thing Dean knew he and Cas were outside in the Impala.
“I am beyond sure I want Cas back.” Dean was attempting to eat around Cas, who was touching his face. “Jesus fuck Cas, cut it out!” he exclaimed, dodging the baby’s tiny hand. Cas just whined and eagerly reached out towards the burger. Dean blinked and finally understood. “Cas, you don’t have teeth. You can’t chew this. And I am NOT going all momma bird on you. Sorry, buddy.” Cas shook his head.
It’s Valentine’s day, and Dean was at a strip club.
So now he was here, helping Gabriel pee because he was too short to reach the toilet. He was thankful, though, that at least the archangel could use the bathroom for himself, and that he wouldn’t have to change any diapers like Dean did. He would have, of course, but he was still relieved that he didn’t have too.
“I know, but…” He grinned. “It’s just funny. I gave an angel wings.” Castiel smiled.
Okay. I'll leave you alone. Wanna have lunch? ;) DW
“I was still an angel, technically.” he said. “I kept my mind, my memories. Only my grace was…bound, so to speak.”
“Stop thinking.” he whispered, his breath ghosting over Dean’s ear. Dean shivered and tried to follow his instructions, focusing on the feeling of Cas’ hands and body instead of the wave of emotions that rose in his chest and threatened to crush him. Cas slid his hands down Dean’s sides and paused just beneath his ribcage to rub circles into the skin there. “You’re so beautiful, Dean. I wish you could see it.” He leaned down and kissed Dean’s stomach. “I wish you could see yourself through my eyes.” Cas kissed just below his ribcage. “See your strength…” another kiss, just a little higher “…your compassion.” Cas moved and latched his mouth around Dean’s nipple and started sucking lightly. Dean moaned and arched into the heat of Cas’ mouth.
“Well, Dean-o, I think little Cassie’s first word was your name.” Dean glared at Gabriel for a moment but his eyes quickly turned back to Cas.
“So , what you beam me out of there? What about Sam, or Andrew? Leave them to the dogs?” Cas’ blue eyes hardened.
Dean had said he was his fiancé? That was almost more confusing than the tubes and the doctors. Castiel nodded, closing his eyes again. He didn’t want to talk. Luckily, Hannah remained silent. Castiel could hear her flipping through her magazine.
Mostly it was worry that was keeping him from sleeping. In less than two days’ time, he and Sam and Dean and Castiel and Andrew and even Amanda were going to be marching up the steps to that creepy-ass cabin and try to take control of it and kill Casmiria at the same time. And they would be doing it without any of his (or even Castiel’s) powers to help even the odds.
that Gabriel was my favorite when I said that. I was just happy he had brought food.” Dean explained. Cas slowly lifted his head.
“It’s not me you should be apologizing to. I’m used to you; I knew you didn’t mean it, not really.”
“Room 263.” Sam said, and they picked up their bags and headed towards the elevator. While they were waiting, a woman walked up and stood beside Dean. She was tall and shapely, with long black hair. She smiled at him and nodded towards little Cas.
“It sounds like it could possibly be in the realm of our kind of thing.” he said indifferently. Sam rolled his eyes.
It was simple enough, really. Show up at the cabin; safely get Amanda and Katie both out of there; try to subtly destroy Casmiria’s warding; Cas gets his angel mojo back; Casmiria dies; Andrew changes Gabriel back; everyone goes home.
“It’s alright. What’s up?” Dean asked, dropping his voice to a whisper. It wasn’t that he wasn’t happy to see Cas, but he didn’t understand the reasons behind him showing up.
“I love it when you try and distract me.” Sam muttered. Gabriel shrugged, unashamed.
Damn. That word just kept popping up, didn’t it?
It felt domestic, in a way. The way Castiel shrugged off his trench coat and draped it over a chair. The way Dean laid his keys and wallet on the table before taking his own coat off. Sitting on the edge of the bed and taking off his shoes. Not feeling the need to talk to each other as they settled down.
“If you think of anything else, please give us a call.” Dean took a business card out of his wallet and held it out to her. She looked surprised.
Meet me at my car?
” Sam gave Dean his ultimate bitch-face.
Dean could definitely tell a difference. Cas’ dick was bigger than his fingers, and much more solid. Dean bit his lip, forcing himself to relax as Cas slid into place.
“You better have a good reason for knocking on my door at 8:00 in the morning.” He grumbled at Dean.
Dean sat at a table close to the stage, surprised that it was free. This place was packed tonight. He ordered a double shot from the server in the maid’s uniform, watching her walk away. Yes, this was exactly what he needed to get over the shock and hurt of Bela cheating on him. Since he no longer had to pay for a fancy dinner, he had plenty of money to spend on some girl to make him forget. He only had time to get through two drinks before the lights were turning down and an announcer was making his way onto the stage.
“Do you want it now?” he asked. Cas shook his head and snuggled deeper into Dean’s arms.
“Alright, then you and Gabriel chill here, and the rest of us will…”
“Probably 10-15 minutes, depending on how long it takes to cast the circle.” Dean was pacing back and forth, thinking hard about it. He turned towards Andrew.
“Daddy, take me to bed, please.” he moaned, lost in the ecstasy. Dean decided that was close enough. He pushed Cas lightly off of him so he could stand. He quickly climbed out of the bath and grabbed a towel, drying himself off quickly. Cas followed him out and went to grab a towel of his own but Dean stopped him.
“It wasn’t a suicide mission! We could’ve handled it!”
close to Dean for too long then Dean may do something stupid, like closing the distance and covering the angels mouth with his own.
“I’m very familiar with Casmiria’s magic. I could reverse it.” Sam opened his mouth but Andrew held up his hand. “I’d have to be at the Altar it was cast at, and I’d need the castor’s – in this case, Casmiria’s – blood. It’s a common enough reversal spell, but it should work.” Sam’s look of glee fell slightly but he nodded.
There was one room, with a door leading off to the side that Dean presumed led to a bathroom. The holes, which were visible from the outside, were patched, letting in no light other than that from the windows. It was clean, almost too clean – obviously someone was living here. There was food in the cupboards and recent ashes in the fireplace. Yeah, someone was living here alright. Dean started poking around, searching for something, anything, that might give them a clue as to who (what) they were hunting.
“Cas, please. I’m ready.” Dean grunted. He angel stopped for a moment and then looked up at Dean, his expression calculating.
“Can you please stop doing that? Or at least…warn me or something?” She asked in a shaky voice. Her eyes were closed and her face was resting in her hands.
“I did not.” Sam cut the archangel off as he stepped out of the bathroom. Gabriel grinned as Sam rolled his eyes at him. Dean cleared his throat.
He felt like such a girl. Ever since him and Cas had started…well had started whatever it was that they were doing, Dean felt like he had barely seen his angel. He knew that Castiel was busy with finding Metatron and trying to lead his squadron of angels but dammit, a guy had needs.
The questions were whirling around in his head, making it ache. He wanted them to stop. He wanted to stop everything. He twisted the cap off the bottle, glancing down into its contents. There had to be about twenty pills left. Two handfuls, two swallows, and then it wouldn’t hurt anymore. Nothing would. He could just go to sleep.
“Gross. I
Dean made quick work of Castiel's slacks, pulling both them and his underwear down and wasting no time in swallowing Castiel's cock. It had been less than 12 hours since he'd had it, but he still wanted it. He wanted to prove to Castiel that he did want him. It wasn't long before he felt Castiel's hands in his hair, pulling him down as his hips bucked up. Dean relaxed his throat, taking Castiel with ease, even with the slight roughness to Castiel's movements. Dean loved this. He lived for this.
"Share?" He asked, not quite understanding through the shock of the suggestion.
“I woke up, and he was like this. He was still asleep, though…I thought I should go and get you two before I woke him up.” Dean nodded and then reached out, intent on waking Gabriel up. Sam grabbed his arm.
“She hasn’t even been missing for 12 hours yet. How did you…?” She trailed off, raising an eyebrow.
Dean smiled, excitement building his his chest as he willed the elevator to hurry. He wanted to see Castiel. The ride seemed to take forever, but finally he was in the parking deck and making his way towards his car. There weren't many people parked down this way.
and he couldn’t detect any deceit in the younger Winchester. And if it was something Gabriel was good at, it was reading people. Even in this form. Gabriel relaxed into Sam’s hand, and the man adjusted him until he was leaning up against him.
He felt…strange. The witch hadn’t hurt him, and he wasn’t lying when he had told Dean he was okay, but still. He didn’t know how describe how he was feeling. It didn’t hurt. He wasn’t…scared. Or tired. Or anything. He just felt…strange. He heard footsteps and watched Gabriel and Sam approach the car.
“I don’t miss anything.” he said, bluntly. “You have everything I could ever want or need Cas.” Dean said, kissing him. Then angel smiled and pulled him in, kissing his head.
“Gabriel showed you Mean Girls, huh?” he asked, a fond expression coming over his face. Castiel nodded.
“It seems…”he groaned, “I am not yet…back to…full strength.” Cas struggled to say. With a grunt, he deposited Andrew onto the couch. “I cannot carry him.” Gabriel stepped up and pushed Cas to the side.
“She’s helping me. She promised to help me become a witch, too.” She said.
“I don’t think that…” he started
“Dean.” Cas called, hurrying to catch up to the man. He didn’t understand why Dean was acting this way. “Dean, is something wrong?” he asked.
“Oh, so we are allowed to touch now?” Gabriel stood up, brushing Sam’s hand off of his shoulder. It didn’t make much of a difference, really, but Gabriel felt better about standing up. “Seriously, Sam. Are we going to keep this a secret forever? Are you that ashamed of me? I mean, really, I know I’m short but for God’s sake, I’m an archangel.” Gabriel said, jokingly. “I’m one of the only four angels to ever see God’s face. That has got to count for something, right?” Sam shook his head. He knew that through the joking, Gabriel was really hurt.
“You….uhh…had a good reason?” he asked. Casmiria smiled.
is all sorted out, I have a promise to keep to my angel, so we are gonna take our leave now.” Dean winked at Cas, who looked confused for a moment, but then his eyes suddenly widened and then he was beside Dean.
tell me you have lube.” he said into Dean’s ear and the hunter nodded eagerly. Hell yeah, this is exactly what he wanted. He struggled a little with Cas on top of him but managed to reach to the side and pull the small bottle out of his bag. He pressed it into the angel’s hand. Castiel smiled and rolled off, moving so he was beside Dean instead of on top of him. He trailed his hand slowly down Dean’s torso to the top of his underwear.  In one fluid motion, the angel gripped the boxers and pulled them off. Dean thought he heard the sound of fabric ripping but he was
“Please, Cas, move.” he amended. Castiel pulled almost all the way out and then slammed back in. Dean moaned, and Cas set a furious pace, snapping his hips and thrusting deeper and deeper into Dean. The hunter is riding on a high, his nails digging into his lover’s back. Castiel groaned and thrust even harder. He shifted his angle and suddenly hit Dean’s spot, causing Dean to arch against him.
“Did you have to flirt with her, Cas?” Dean asked. The angel looked up, startled.
“If I am not mistaken, she was referencing the bar we passed on our way into town. Her husband is most likely an alcoholic, and the recent disappearance of his daughter has probably made it worse. It sounds as if this has been an issue for some time.” Dean gave a low whistle.
“Likewise. I feel like I know you already.” They both glanced at Dean and he gave them a thumbs up and a smile.
“NO! I don’t want to hear it, especially not from the guy who’s FUCKING MY HUSBAND!!” She screamed. The little old lady looked scandalized, looking from him to Lisa with a disgusted look on her face. “He used to talk about you all the time, you know.” Lisa said. “And when he stopped, I knew something was up. He would always avoid eye contact when I asked about you.” She was crying now, tears falling from her pretty brown eyes.
Traffic was horrible. And I had to drive today since I needed to return your jacket. CN
“Where were you this morning?” Dean asked. Gabriel smiled.
“How about Sammy and I go and find her while you stay here and with baby Cassie?” Gabriel said. Once Cas was quiet again in Dean’s arms, Dean spoke up.
“Have I ever given you a reason to believe that I want someone else? What have I ever done to indicate that you are not enough, Dean? Please, enlighten me. There is no one else, no one in this world that could compare to what I feel for you.” Dean stood stonily under Cas’ barrage until the angel had finished, then he got right up into his face.
That just left Bobby, and for some reason, Dean was the most nervous about him. He wanted Bobby to like Castiel. Dean watched with trepidation as Bobby heaved himself out of the chair as Castiel approached him.
Cas apparently had the same idea. He started with Dean’s mouth, kissing him gently and then he moved on to his cheeks, his jawline and down to his neck. He spent several long minutes there, kissing and licking and sucking at all the little spots that made Dean grind up into him. From there, he moved to his chest, sucking little marks into his sternum and finding each of his nipples in turn, sucking each of them appreciatively into his mouth and rolling his tongue, making Dean whimper pathetically and rut against Cas, desperate for any type of friction. Cas was unyielding, nipping down his chest and licking over the muscles of Dean’s stomach. Dean was almost positive Cas left little marks there, too, but he was so out of his mind with want he couldn’t be sure. Cas experimentally dipped a tongue into his navel, and, seemingly pleased with Dean’s reaction, did it again. His tongue then found its way down Dean’s happy trail, pausing at the towel that he had honestly forgotten was around his waist. Cas gingerly peeled the towel off of Dean and threw it in the floor. He stared for a minute, taking in the sight of Dean’s length before he wrapped a hand around it and started to stroke the man.
“Cas. You can wear what you normally wear, okay? Everyone is gonna be in flannel and blue jeans. Jo might put on lip stick if she’s feeling a little risqué.” He put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, forcing him to meet his eyes. “It’s gonna be fine, Cas. They already like you.”
“Think we should just call it a day?” he asked. Cas shrugged.
time in the past half-hour.
“Listen to me, Dean Winchester. I have lived for a very, very long time. And in all my time, I have never come across anyone, any
“I love you, too, Cas. I know I don’t say it enough and that I’m jealous and a dick and I wonder why you put up with me sometimes.” Dean sighed and buried his face in Cas’ hair. “But I’m glad you do.” he whispered. Cas looked up at him with a smile on his face.
“We could. But I think we should take turns, you know, staying with him.” Sam said.
“Hey, guys.” he said. “Umm, not that I’m mad, but…what am I doing here?”
Even now, the thought ached. It Castiel was stronger, he'd have ended their fling that night. But Castiel, being the weak and jealous creature that he was, had proceeded to text Dean and ask him to come over. He'd then proceeded to fuck Dean into the mattress twice, marking Dean up with his teeth and fingers. He'd left bruises and his hips. It wasn't one of his prouder moments, but Dean still brought up that night, remarking just how much he'd enjoyed how rough Castiel had been.
He was in love with him. He knew that he was. He loved this broken, self-hating hunter, and it was going to kill him, simply because he knows Dean will never return the sentiment. Cas sighed, and then abruptly ran into Sam, who turned to shush him.
Dean knew that this plan was dangerous, especially without the arch-angelic help. Dean was ashamed to admit that they might have become extremely reliant on his powers. Especially when it came to the big fish.
“Yo, Cas! You ready?” Dean called from the living room. Castiel had a last-minute seminar he’d had to attend so they were getting a late start. As it was, they wouldn’t be getting there until late tonight. Castiel appeared from his bedroom door, looking a little frazzled.
Finally Dean pulled away to breathe. He smiled down at Cas, a little embarrassed to have done that in front of their brothers.
“I couldn’t take that risk, Dean.” Cas said, his voice determined calm.
“Fear not, hunter, I don’t wish to harm your angel anymore. I’m just enjoying the view.” She laughed lightly, her eyes running over Cas again. Dean bit the inside of his cheek in an attempt not to say anything. Finally, Casmiria turned her gaze towards Andrew. She addressed the man in a high, cold voice.
“Is that so?” She said, smiling at him. The look on her face pissed Dean off. He squared his shoulders and sat up straighter.
“You want me to do your paperwork so you can go home and have wild sex with your boyfriend.” She glanced up at him with her eyebrow raised. Dean grinned sheepishly and leaned against the desk.
“Dean.” Castiel whimpered, pushing his hips into Dean’s hand. Dean feels his own cock stiffen at the sight of Castiel with his blue eyes half-lidded in lust, his luscious lips shaped in a ‘O’ from the moans pouring out of his mouth. Every time Dean has seen Castiel like this, he falls in love with the angel all over again. Dean can’t help but lean down to kiss Castiel again, swallowing one of the angel’s moans.
“Ah! Fuck!” Dean swore at the sudden heat and tightness that surrounded him. He moved his hands to Cas’ hips and started off at a rough pace. Cas reached down towards his own dick and Dean slapped his hand away.
“Tell me that you are worthy of my love, Dean. Tell me that you’re beautiful, and that you deserve this. Tell me.” Dean swallowed and stared up at Cas, not sure how to react. He wasn’t worthy of Cas’ love, and he definitely didn’t deserve him. He couldn’t say it if he didn’t mean it. He didn’t want to lie to Cas.
They both take a few minutes to gather themselves. Dean finds a few baby wipes to clean them up and then takes Castiel in his arms, holding him close. The silence was comfortable, both of them having exhausted everything that was on their chests.
“Don’t you think we should make the most of what time we have?” Castiel asked, and it threw Dean for a moment. Then he realized what Cas was trying to do, and busted out laughing.
“How are you feeling this morning?” He asked her. She shrugged.
“I had a reason!” Cas leveled a look at Dean.
“It’s ‘White Snake’ you’re thinking of. And you didn’t tell me that.” Dean said, looking at his little brother. Sam raised an eyebrow.
“Do you know what could have caused this?” Dean asked, and Gabriel shook his head.
Finally, Dean was able to put his head on Cas’ chest and throw a leg around his waist. Castiel turned towards him, pulling him in and placing a gentle kiss on the top of his head as he wrapped his arms around Dean. Dean was just drifting off when he heard Cas mutter something.
“Dean, there is no reason for you to be jealous. I’m not interested…” Cas started, but Dean cut him off.
“I like it when you wear that color.” He said quietly, catching Dean off guard. Dean blushed and looked down, mumbling a gruff ‘thank you’ before dragging him out the door.
“What are you doing?” Dean said with a smile in his voice. Castiel pulled away and looked up at Dean, tilting his head in the way that Dean loved.
“You’re beautiful.” Cas whispered reverently, brushing his fingers along Dean’s cheekbone and down to cup his chin. He leaned in for a chaste kiss and then pulled back, popping the cap on the lube and spreading it onto his fingers. Dean wasn’t entirely sure what Cas was doing until he heard a hitch in the angel’s breath. The sound went straight to Dean’s dick when he realized what Cas was doing.
Huh. Maybe that was the alcohol talking again. Either way, Jimmy was fulfilling every fantasy he’d never thought about.
“I don’t like the idea of Gabriel carrying a witch bomb.”
“Fuck, Cas…” Dean moaned out. He could feel himself in the back of Cas’ throat and Cas was swallowing and it was almost too much. Cas hummed and suddenly Dean felt hands on his hips, holding him down. He let out a whine and tried to thrust up, but Cas’ hands held him firm. Cas pulled slowly. He caught Dean’s eye and smiled before lowering himself back down, opening his mouth to swallow Dean again. This time, Dean held eye contact through it all, enthralled by watching his dick slowly disappear into Cas’ mouth. He did that thing again and Dean came suddenly, violently and Cas caught it, making a show of swallowing it all down. Cas grinned at Dean and then moved to kiss Dean. Dean felt Cas’ erection against his thigh and he moved it to brush against him. Cas pushed down against him and moaned. Dean moved his arm down and wrapped his hand around Cas’ member, stroking him fast. Cas ground down into his hand and kissed him messily, his hips canting down into Dean’s hand as stroked him faster.
“That would be welcome, Amanda. Thank you.” Cas said, smiling. She nodded and went into the kitchen. The moment she was out of sight, Cas turned towards Dean.
“Sorry. He’s a little shy.” The girl –Abby, by her name tag – smiled.
He felt Sam’s hand on his back and he looked up, snapping out of his increasingly depressing thoughts. He had been so lost in his own head that he hadn’t noticed that everyone else had left the room.
"Someone is eager." He commented, capturing Castiel's lips as his hands were busy with his tie.
Okay, so maybe not the best plan in the world, but at least it
“It’s alright, Dean. I knew better than to get involved with you in the first place. It was…foolish of me. You can go home to Lisa now. You don’t have to stay with me.”
Dean woke up with a headache the next morning. He knew it was because of the beer/whiskey mixture he had taken to drinking after the fight with Sam.
but whatever the reason, between the two of them, the carrot mush had somehow managed to get all over the little angel. As Dean stood up to throw away the spoon and plate, Cas began to play with in it.
“My…my powers…noooo…I’m human now…” Andrew held the cord over a candle and the end caught fire. It burned quickly, having been soaked in Gasoline before they had brought it here. Finally, the last of the rope was pile of ashes on the carpet. Dean immediately ran to Cas’ side.
Dean’s phone rang loudly, waking him up suddenly. He rolled over and grabbed phone just as it stopped ringing. When the hunter looked at the caller ID he saw ‘Toll Free Caller’. It was 6:30 in the morning. Dean groaned and tossed the phone back onto the table and rolled back over, curling into the warm body of his boyfriend. Cas stirred and nuzzled into Dean’s chest.
“Oh, Katie.” she sobbed, holding her close. Dean took step in front of her.
“Better get cleaned up. Don’t want to be sticky in the morning.” Cas unwrapped his arms and let Dean free. The hunter got up and went into the bathroom and wet a cloth, cleaning himself off and then returning to Cas and wiping him off as well. He threw the cloth in the corner of the room and rejoined the angel on the bed. Cas crawled over to rest his head on Dean’s chest.
“We should never wait that long again.” Dean said, and Castiel chuckled.
At least they don’t have to worry about keeping the bitch, excuse him,
Dean's orgasm took Castiel by suprise. There wasn't any warning before he felt the warm come hit the back of his throat. He almost gagged, but managed to hold it back as he swallowed. It wasn't his favorite thing to do, but even he had to admit that clean-up was much easier if he did. He pulled off, smirking at Dean. He was panting and looked throughly well-fucked. Dean always looked like that after they got off together.
“Man, you have been spending
“Not you in particular. I knew she’d send someone. She never was able to take ‘No’ for an answer.” He put down the ice cream and stood up. “What did she tell you I did?”
“I don’t think we really have a choice.” Dean said darkly. He hated being blindsided almost as much as he hated witches. And the fact that they had just been blindsided by a witch didn’t make matters any better.
“Oh.” Dean said. “Well, I haven’t found anything either. Maybe…” Dean trailed off and glanced at Cas before continuing. “Maybe we should put this on the back burner for a while.” Sam lifted his head slowly and raised his eyebrows.
Dean knocked gently on the bathroom door for what felt like the 100
“We will.” He said, forcing a smile. She glanced at his direction and nodded. With one last look at Cas, she shut the door. Dean turned and started walking towards the Impala.
“Yeah, do that again.” he said, and threw his head back against the pillow when Cas pressed up against his prostate. He was so focused on the pleasure that he barely noticed when Cas fit a third finger into him. Dean groaned and thrust his hips back onto Cas’ hand. “Fuck, Cas.” he panted, fisting his and in the sheets.
“Well, whatever.” Dean said, putting on his shoes and grabbing his coat. He walked out of the motel room and Cas followed with a little smile on his lips.
He started to ease Dean’s shirt up, lovingly placing kisses on all of the newly exposed skin. Gentle, teasing kisses that had Dean writhing under the angel. Cas pulled Dean’s shirt up and off, tossing it to the side before moving to mouth at Dean’s collarbone. Fuck, Dean couldn’t take this. Cas was fucking
“Dean?” he said, his voice even rougher than normal from sleep. It made Dean’s heart clench in a fantastic way.
Chapter 14: Compromise
Dean moved his hands so he could catch himself before falling all of the way on his boyfriend. He kissed Cas, gently pulling the other man up so he could stretch them both out on the queen-sized mattress. Their bodies fit perfect together and they started to slowly grind against each other, the sweetness of their kisses became more demanding the longer they lay there. Dean breaks away from Cas’ lips and begins to kiss his neck, sucking gently on his pulse point. Cas writhed underneath his touches, the gentle licks and kisses that Dean was leaving on his body. When Dean sank his teeth into Cas’ shoulder, the other man arched against him. Cas let go of Dean’s neck and trailed a hand down between them and gripping Dean’s erection.
a natural – she was born with her powers. When we bound them and turned her human, made her mortal. But I think…I think she went back to the old fashioned way of getting her powers.”
“Goodnight, Sam. Gabriel.” he said, and suddenly Dean found himself crashing onto the lumpy bed in their hotel room, with the angel attacking his lips feverishly. Dean moaned low in his throat and brought his hands up to tangle in Cas’ hair.
“I am not a nut.” The guy looked from Dean, who grinned at him, to Castiel who was still giving him a confused look. Dean stepped up and pulled Cas to him.
Hello friends! It's been a while, but here's the next couple of chapters. Things start picking up a bit here, with the plot progression and all. Enjoy!
“Hello, Dean.” the angel looked somewhat nervous, as if he wasn’t sure how he would be received.  “May I come in?” Dean nodded and stepped back, still in a little bit of a daze. He couldn’t believe that Castiel was actually here.  The angel stepped into the room and Dean shut the door. He turned towards Dean.
Although Dean had intended to only stay until Cas fell asleep, his long day caught up with him and Dean fell into a deep, dreamless sleep
“None whatsoever.” Cas looked at Dean. “I suppose we will just have to do what we always do.”
“Dean.” Cas said, his voice low and wrecked. Dean’s dick gave a twitch of interest at his voice and he pulled back to look at Cas. His eyes were black with lust, his lips spit-slicked and parted slightly as he gasped for air. He looked so
Of course, that was before he walked in the door of his own home, to find his girlfriend, Bela, bent over the kitchen counter while an unknown man fucked her from behind.
“Cas? Do you think you could point out the witch that did this to you if you saw her?” Cas thought for a moment and then slowly nodded his head. Dean grinned and turned to the other guys. “See, if we take him he could help us identify the witch.” Cas nodded enthusiastically. He didn’t want to be cooped up in this hotel room the duration of their stay any more than Dean did. He was prepared to go out in public, even if it would be as a baby. Gabriel and Sam both shrugged in defeat.
“What, has your angel been starving you?” Dean asked, as Sam tore into the Chinese food. He rolled his eyes and flipped Dean off, unable to talk past the forkfuls of chicken fried rice he was shoveling into his mouth.
he thought, as the drowsiness pulled at his eyelids. Soon it wouldn’t hurt anymore.
Was there?
“Now, we can pack.”
“Ohhhh, Cas.” Dean moaned, as he was encased in Castiel’s tight, wet heat. Dean bit his lip as he bottomed out, his balls against Cas’ ass. He stayed still for a moment to let Cas get used to him, especially since there had been so little prep time. (Which was Castiel’s own fault-he knew Dean could never refuse the angel in anything.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“There…is something else that…I wished to talk to you about.” He said. Dean leaned away and studied him intently for a moment.
“Okay, but why did you kill them? Just taking them would have been enough.” he said. Casmiria shook her head.
Cas crouched immediately. Dean motioned for Cas to follow him and they scurry around the side of the house. Gabe and Sam take the other side and they meet at the back door. Dean drew his weapon as Sam quickly picked the lock. There was a click, and then Sam opened the door. The man was sitting on his couch in his boxers and a white tank top, eating ice cream and watching some sappy movie. He had dark blonde hair and dark brown eyes.
“What?” he asked breathlessly, his heartbeat quickening at the look.
“It’s later.” he said. Dean groaned but knew that Cas was right. They had a ton of more research to do before tomorrow, otherwise they would be going in blind. They should probably check on Sam, Gabriel, Amanda, and Andrew anyway.
“You had better. Otherwise…” Casmiria stopped laughing suddenly. She looked at Dean and cocked her head.
Sam looked over at the other bed, watching Dean snuggle up next to Cas. He smiled. It was so cute that Cas wouldn’t let anyone else care for him. A sudden idea came to him, and Sam got off the bed and grabbed his phone. He turned off the sound and started to take pictures of Cas and Dean. Ha. This would be great blackmail later. As Sam put his phone away, he noticed Gabriel was still ignoring him. He sighed and walked over to the archangel.
“You expect me to help you, hunter? When your kind has found and killed mine for centuries?” She laughed again.
Castiel was forced out of his train of thought by a horn. The cars in front of him had moved up a fraction and the person behind Castiel obviously thought that the few scant inches would make or break their commute. Tempted as Castiel was to stay where he was, he took his foot off the brake and eased the car forward, hopefully satisfiying the person in the car behind him. He tried to get a look at them, but their windows were tinted so darkly Castiel couldn't see inside. Maybe he should report them for illegal window tints, he thought wryly, inching forward again as the traffic moved. At this rate, he'd never get to work on time.
“You’re going to have to let one of the others hold you. At least until you are finished eating.” Dean told the little angel. Cas shook his head and started to whine, squirming away from the other two men. Gabriel smirked.
“Oh, don’t tell me you’re crying.” Dean said harshly, and immediately regretted it. He swallowed and reached out towards him. “Cas, I…”
“Shut-up.” He growled turning around. The bathroom door opened the moment Dean turned and Cas walked out, still completely and utterly naked. Dean turned around again closing his eyes.
Dean watched her make her rounds, but soon the song was over and Meg was picking up any stray bills (and her clothes) and making her way off the stage as Gabriel was coming onto it. He kissed her hand before turning to address the audience.
“Cas, I didn’t honestly
“Gorgeous.” he said, drawing one hand down the center of Dean’s chest and retaking the hunter into his hand. He jacked the hunter slowly, leaning over to kiss Dean. Dean tangled his hand in Cas’ hair and pressed up against him, suddenly realizing that Cas was still fully clothed. He let out a whine because he suddenly needed to feel Cas’ skin against his own. He pulled at Cas’ shirt and whined again. (No matter what was said, Dean would deny that he had ever whined). Cas gave him another soft smile and pulled his shirt off. He climbed off Dean and pulled his own pants and underwear off and then climbed back on, straddling his thighs again. The angel bent over and kissed Dean once before sitting back and taking both of them into his hand. Dean groaned and twisted his hands in the sheets since he couldn’t reach his angel.
“You know I always make it for you, Ellen.” He said, releasing her. Castiel was lingering in the background, just out of Dean’s peripheral vision, so Dean grabbed his arm and pulled him level with him. “Cas, this Ellen. She’s the woman that raised me into what I am today.”
Three and a half hours later, they still didn’t have anything. Dean was starting to get a headache from reading for so long. He sighed and rubbed his temples, before looking up at his companions.
Cas didn’t put up too much of a struggle.
He focused on Dean’s next, and saw the man stiffen as he felt the power moving his bonds. He glanced over his shoulder quickly and then sighed, slumping down in seat to look defeated. He did, however, give Castiel a thumbs-up that forced Castiel to hold back a smile. After a few moments, Dean’s bonds fell away and, like Andrew, Dean caught them before they hit the floor.
They still had Cas, so they weren’t completely without divine intervention, but still. There was the warding that Casmiria had managed to find and put up on that damn cabin. He knew that Gabe made Sam happy, and all that jazz, and he was probably a horrible person for thinking this, but he always preferred that Gabriel be on the front lines rather than his angel.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean said, raising his brow. Cas swallowed and nodded towards their brothers.
"I didn't say I couldn't lie. Just that it wouldn't be convincing." Castiel retorted, downplaying the remark. He wasn't all that smart. He wouldn't be in postion if he was.
“What is it you want me to do, Dean? I don’t understand.” Castiel asked, running his tongue along Dean’s cock again. Dean groaned. Cas was going to play with him tonight, dammit. He should have known that from the beginning. The angel loved to tease him.
“Sam and Gabe aren’t up yet?” Dean asked, walking up to the table. Andrew shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“With my grace unable to maintain my vessel, it reverted back to its…previous state in order to sustain itself.”
"So do I." Castiel said, the words 'I miss you' playing on the tip of his tongue. Dean probably heard it anyway. Castiel had always been painfully transparent.
“Alright, hunter. I’ll change your angel back. Just know if you double cross me….” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Very manly.” he agreed, kissing Gabriel again.
Dean was faced a dilemma. He didn’t want a lap dance with any of the girls, but he was still on the edge about guys. Sure, he’d fooled around with a few in school, but he’d never really…well, come out about it. But maybe this was what he needed to get over Bela. Not a girl, but a hard-framed, muscled dude. Yes. The more he thought about it, the more his alcohol induced brain decided that doing just that would be a fantastic idea. So, he stayed where he was, watching as most of the other men left and then went to the bar. After about ten minutes, Gabriel came back onto the stage.
“Why can’t we all take turns?” Dean almost pouted, causing the other two to laugh.
“What?” he asked, putting as much venom into the whisper as possible. Cas shook his head.
“Dude, close your mouth.” he said, but straightened up. “Do you remember that time we hunted those witches up in St. Louis?”
To: Castiel
“You may as well have just sold your soul. Hell would be better than what she’s going to do to you when you fail.”
“I love you.” he said, pulling Dean closer to him. The hunter smiled and leaned in to kiss him.
“There.” he said, apparently satisfied. He looked at Gabriel. “Just go home and sleep, and when you wake up, you’ll be back to normal.” He walked away from the altar and goes over to stand beside the pile of ashes that was once his bitterest enemy.
Dean sighed. He had always kind of found guys attractive…that wasn’t weird was it? He still loved women. But there was nothing wrong with being able to admire a pretty face every now and then.
Okay, they hadn’t ever done that before. And not necessarily because Dean was against it. They had just started it with Cas bottoming and then that’s what they did. Cas had never shown any interest in topping before. Sure, Dean had his reservations, but hell, Cas seemed to enjoy it and it couldn’t be that bad. Cas didn’t ask for much in this relationship, not really, and if he was being honest, Dean was curious about it.  In fact, the more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea. The intimacy, the closeness of having Cas inside him sounded exactly like what he wanted right now.
Chapter 6: Jealousy
Castiel was sitting close to Dean at the table, his hand resting on Dean’s knee as he flipped pages. He was quiet, and made no other move towards Dean other than to have his hand resting on him.
Sam! We need to go see if we can stop her, and it doesn’t need to wait!” Dean went to step closer to Sam, but Cas’ hand on his elbow refused to yield. He tried to pull his arm out of Cas’ grip, but the angel held fast. Sam stepped up instead.
All in all, an uneventful day.
“Careful. You don’t really need that anymore, but the doctors want to keep you on it for a while.” A voice came from his left. Castiel opened his eyes, only to see a smiling woman in pink scrubs sitting in a chair beside the bed. He furrowed his brow, confused.
and he was having trouble saying any actual words. He opened his eyes and looked at Sam, catching his eyes and seeing the reverence in them. Sam always looked so amazed when he and Gabe were having sex, like he couldn’t believe he was balls deep in one of the most powerful angels in existence.
“Dean.” He said, too awed and turned on to come up with a fake name on the spot.
“Never gonna get tired of waking up like this.” he says, and feels Cas nod in agreement.
“I mean…uh…Can I?” Dean asked, looking up at Cas. The angel smiled and spread his arms in an invitation. Dean grinned to himself and put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders to push the trench coat off. It fell and pooled around the angel’s feet. Dean smiled up at Castiel, who leaned down to press a kiss to his lips. When Cas went to pull away, Dean followed him and put his hands on the back of the angel’s neck to keep him there. Dean felt the angel smile and, when he was positive the angel would stay he slid his hands down and began to finish what Cas had started.
So Gabriel threw back the blankets and mojo’d himself some clothes on before going to the door and opening it.
Dean and Cas made their way hand in hand to Sam’s room, which was on the other side of the hotel (so nobody heard anyone else’s noises - Dean found out the hard way that hearing his brother get busy with his boyfriend killed the mood when he was trying to get busy with his. It didn’t seem to bother Cas, but Dean couldn’t get over it). Dean wasn’t huge on the whole ‘Public Display of Affection’ thing, but it Cas did, and so Dean sucked it up and held his hand. (He didn’t really mind - Cas was too attractive for his own good, and Dean liked people to know that the dark-haired, blue eyed man was most definitely off limits) Dean knocked three times in quick succession. (He had also learned that he should always knock – seeing his brother and Gabriel in some compromising positions had made him wary to enter any room without tapping on the door first) He heard a shuffling of feet and then the door was pulled open by a sleepy-looking Sam. He didn’t say anything, just stood aside to let them pass before shutting the door behind them. Dean shoved Sam gently
“Maybe I should just start from the beginning.” Dean nodded, raising his eyebrows.
for Dean. He knew the witch (bitch) was taking her sweet time in getting the spell ready, probably just to piss Dean off.
Dean watched silently as Castiel’s hands traveled from his waist, up his stomach and to his chest, taking Dean’s shirt with it. Dean sat up slightly, making it easier for the angel to pull his shirt the rest of the way off. Castiel stared at him, his blue eyes reverent in a way Dean had only seen a few times since they’d been together. The angel moved his hands down Dean’s chest slowly, tracing all of the planes of muscle and the soft edges created by too much road food and not enough exercise.
Dean was awoken roughly six hours later to a warm body snuggling into his side. He looked up and saw Gabriel and Sam standing by his bed.
“I gave you wings.” Dean said, his voice full of amusement. Castiel furrowed his eyebrows.
Best to avoid all temptations. Kissing an angel was not something he wanted to do. Especially since said angel would never, in a million years, return the kiss.
“Right now? Things kinda suck. We don’t know what we are dealing with and it’s still taking people and we aren’t any closer to killing it.” Dean took a deep breath. “Things with Cas are great. I dunno, man. It’s just like…he gets me. Better than anyone I’ve ever known. I don’t know whether it’s because he’s an angel or if it’s just him but…he knows what I need without me having to tell him. It’s…awesome. To have someone taking care of me for once.” Sam smiled. He’d never heard his brother talk about someone like he talked about Cas. It was refreshing. Dean cleared his throat and spoke again.
Both Dean and Castiel were packed and ready to go within 30 minutes. As they transferred their bags out to the car, they saw that Gabriel and Sam were both already waiting.
“Ah, Cas, how the hell did you get yourself into this?” Dean whispered. Cas shrugged and continued to suck down the contents of his bottle. Dean shook his head.
“What is it?” he asked, straightening up and looking over his shoulder.
“Alright. We’re headed back to the hotel to see if we can dig anything more up about the woman.”
Cas seemed unusually quiet to Dean. He didn’t talk much normally, but any attempt Dean made at conversation was met by clipped, one word answers. He spent almost the entire ride staring out the window and ignoring everyone. Dean asked him several times if anything was wrong, but always got the same ‘No, Dean’ each time with increasing annoyance. Dean gave up finally, resolving to ask Cas again once they were alone. The rest of the ride was ridden in silence.
“Do you still want to play in the water?” he asked. Cas nodded, but then yawned and shook his head. Dean got a towel ready and lifted him out of the tub, pulling the plug and allowing the water to drain. The hunter wrapped the towel around the angel and took him from the bathroom. He dried the little angel off and then dressed him. Cas yawned again and cuddled into Dean’s chest, one fist curling over his jacket, the other thumb in his mouth. Dean kicked off his boots and lay on the bed with the baby still on his chest. Dean had only meant to lie down until Cas fell asleep, but before he knew it both him and his little angel were fast asleep.
“The little girl who went missing…Katie? You’re her mother?” Gabriel asked.
“Yeah, I got it.” He looked down and noticed he was still in his tank top and boxers. “Do..uh..do you guys have any clothes I could borrow?” he asked.
“Is that everything?” Gabriel nodded. “Alright then, let’s get out of here.” The trio walked to the front of the store and paid for the items. They had just walked out of the store when Gabriel popped them back into the kitchen. Cas woke up and started to cry again.
It was Castiel.
When Sam looked up he had tears in his eyes, his lower lip trembled, "I'm so sorry. I'm just so sorry. I- I feel like I could have done more. More to help" Sam's voice broke, and Dean flinched, "to help you, Dean."
"Just... watch where you're going."
"Picking on you," Dean let out a breath and his cheeks puffed out with it, he seemed heavy with his thoughts. "I shouldn't have-- it wasn't. Wasn't cool." He looked up again and met Castiel's eyes. "I am sorry."
He wasn't prepared for there to be nobody else in the library except for Castiel.
"Is it so surprising?"
Dean's lip twitched up and he sheepishly looked down, bringing his leg over the bike and coming to stand up in front of Castiel. They were only a couple feet away.
Questions raced around Dean's mind as he scrambled for his phone in the cramped space. He ended up accidentally jabbing himself in the groin and with a hiss, patted his way to his right pocket retrieving the phone.
“Dean. Dean, come back to me. I’m done. You’re alright. Come back, now.”
And Chuck wasn't much better. In fact, Chuck was 200 times worse. His mere presence made the hairs on the back of Castiel's neck stand up, made his fight-or-flight instincts kick in, made bile rise in his throat if he passed too close. Chuck was undeniably the worst person Castiel had ever had the misfortune of meeting.
Castiel pulled away and straightened up, raising a single eyebrow,
His right shoulder was shoved by the taller boy wearing the leather jacket. The boy who had been bullying Castiel since his first day at Lebanon High. The baddest boy of the school, Dean Winchester.
"Please Cas, leave me. I've lived a longer life than I thought, it's okay you can let me go." In the cramped space, Dean's hand tried to touch Castiel's shoulder like he always does when he can't possibly not be touching him anymore but he ended up elbowing himself again.
Castiel pulls back, but Dean can feel the movement of his lips when he says, “Are you alright?”
Dean felt a hand grip his flailing arms, familiar strong hands steadied him. He let out the loudest and most relieved sigh at the realization.
Dean was almost breathless. Here was the most beautiful, intelligent, kind and amazing man he had ever met and they were pressed against each other and he was declaring that he felt something for Dean too? Something so strong, it brought them here to this box, cramped together and having chick-flick moments?
Cas would rather be asleep, honestly. But then he would miss Dean looking like that...
Suddenly, he heard voices and banging outside the box and furrowed his eyebrows.
"Just please-- you know," Castiel said warily, "watch where you're going."
Chuck Shurley might be just a junior but the amount of trouble he causes is enough for a millennia. Dean is the "bad boy" in the school but Chuck is... not to be messed with.
Red and tear streaked. All Dean could see now was how lost and horrible Sam felt about all of this. How utterly tired he was of losing his brother over and over again.
The goodbyes were quick because as Dean said "Men have no feelings." Sam snorted at that but blinked tears away.
What is Dean thinking racing against him?
He didn't know what it meant or even why he went through all that trouble to then give it up completely. And then...
Awkwardly, Dean stepped inside and past Castiel. Castiel closed the door and turned to him.
Dean was as handsome as ever as he took his helmet off, it glittered in the sunlight, and he smiled up at Castiel.
"Wha-what? Me? I w-was... I was on a beer run!"
"You can't possibly not know what I'm talking about, Dean. Look into my eyes and tell me that your purpose, our purpose, in this world is done. Look me in the eyes and promise me that you don't... reciprocate that feeling and I will leave you."
Dean's face felt like it was on fire and he explained he needed a book on Andrew Jackson's presidency. Castiel smiled in a way that made Dean so excited and anxious, he tripped over his feet as he followed Castiel to some shelves at the front of the library.
Now is when the unexpected happened. Dean had stopped walking and was staring at Castiel, dizzy as he knelt on the floor beside his books. He picked everything up around them and put it back together on a pile.
After, it was always peaceful. They kept close to each other, limbs tangled and sweaty bodies sticking to blankets.
The roar of the Impala came to a stop as Dean parked at tonight's motel of choice: The Blue Duck Motel.
"Don't worry about it, alright? You're looking at the best goddamn rider in this town," Dean lightly hit Castiel with his helmet, "There's no way I'm losing to that short bus trying to compensate for his lack of self esteem and superiority complex."
And Castiel meant it.
Dumbass. He knows more about me than I do about him, and I call myself a stalker?
Castiel laughed loudly without knowing and Dean, amused by it, joined him. Dean felt good at that moment and took his chance by saying what had been on his mind that night.
The Blue Duck was only 45 minutes away from the Bunker, which allowed Dean to put on his favorite cassette and time to calm his nerves. Somehow, after all this time, Dean still felt nervous about meeting up with Castiel.
Dean Winchester threw his head back and heartily chuckled to himself, then he pressed his foot down and Castiel lurched backwards from the speed of the bike, his hands held onto Dean tight.
While Castiel talked about Jack and the young Nephilim's latest discovery with a toaster, Dean took a moment to admire the angel. Ever since they met, every little thing about Castiel drove Dean both the good and bad kinds of crazy.
Dean glanced back at him with a smug smirk because he managed to get Castiel to bump into a locker when he shoved him. The little fucker.
The cool night air was picking up as he waited for the race to finish, bringing with it a sense of finality. He wanted to leave before he found out what exactly was ending.
Dean swallowed and cleared his throat. Subtle.
"It's Sam, jerk." Sam murmured.
Dean Winchester was 115% not stalking the cute guy who works at the library.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, so quiet and hushed, Dean has to convince himself he said something. “I’m going to bite you now.”
As the crowd gathered excitedly, a skinny redhead with shorts too short for the early spring weather walked to stand in front of Dean and Chuck and their bikes. She held a bright red scarf.
Once again, Dean noticed the library was empty apart from a couple elderly people reading newspapers and magazines in the corner. He slowly approached Castiel and let the waist high desk separate them.
Within days, he would no longer be a sophomore, but a junior starting the other half of his journey in a school that seemed so unfamiliar only months ago. Now it felt like home.
Dean's cheeks turned pink, "I'm just uh, may- maybe you should go. I mean, I'm going to be racing so yeah. Go. Or not if you can't."
"Dean-" he murmured from his corner, fingers flexing on his arms, "I'm sorry."
"So, um. Just wondering if you've heard of the race that's gonna happen in a couple days. And if you were going."
prepared for the warm, wet slick of his tongue. It licks at his veins like a shy kitten, bringing goosebumps to Dean’s skin.
"Yeah. And um, I think even Cas, but I don't know."
Dean wore his leather jacket, zipped up because of the chilly night air, with ripped at the knee black jeans and his normal boots. For Castiel to say he looked like a damn snack would be an understatement. The girls to his left seemed to agree as they started shouting at Dean's arrival.
Castiel smirked and opened a drawer, pulling out a card and scanning it, "Don't be. Actually, the great view makes up for it."
The pills had taken their effect and he hoped they would keep him under long after he was thrown to the bottom of the ocean.
"Really? Okay. Did Cas say where he was going or if he was... hunting?"
Dean nodded to himself, since Castiel couldn't see, and tried to ignore the fact that he didn't say what it was they were looking for.
Dean made a happy noise when Castiel's hands were back on him, trying to pull his henley up through his head. With Dean's help, all that was left was a thin black T-shirt.
Dean nodded, and Castiel seemed satisfied, "Yeah, he's in my 4th period AP Chem class. I actually walk right behind you two until I get there..."
"Dean Winchester. You really think that after all these years, after I went to Hell to construct you over again piece by piece, after I have given up everything for you and your brother, especially you. You really think that you can, as you would say, "check out" on me? That you can pull a drama queen on all of us and just roll over and die?" Castiel narrowed his eyes. Dean had never payed more attention to a man's lips in his life.
Castiel sucks in a breath, pinching his lips together. And then he shuffles closer, and leans in.
Castiel's stomach fluttered when Dean glanced back at him over his shoulder, before slamming into the wall with a thump.
As he stood back up, Castiel didn't like that his History textbook was under his English binder since he had History first, but he wasn't complaining.
Castiel's hands raised to Dean's shoulders and he pushed his green jacket down. Tilting his head, he deepened the kiss as he shrugged his own trench coat off, along with his suit jacket.
"SAMMY! I'M HOOOOME!" Dean shouted from the door as he slammed it open, creating an echo in the bunker. Sam shook his head and sighed to himself.
"I love you."
Dean shuffled his feet and his smirk faded. The answer was already on the tip of his tongue: sex.
After that day, he started noticing the way Castiel was kind of always around and, they started staring at each other in the hallways when they quickly passed. Dean felt brave one Thursday, raised his hand, and inconspicuously waved at Castiel.
"How ar- hav- have you uh, heard of the other hunters lately?"
Dean shivers a little, eyes shutting tightly, mouth opening to let out an unsteady breath.
They stared at each other until Dean's whole face was lit with his smile and Castiel felt his skin itch.
Their eyes met for the first time that day, mossy green and sky blue colliding in the intensity of unspoken feelings.
Castiel clicked the pen and put it away, a smirk on his face. Dean was about 0.2 seconds from combusting right there and burning every book in that library along with him.
Dean was definitely a sub.
"What is it? Where is it? Is it another book?"
Dean’s hand comes to grasp around Castiel’s wrist. He’s still doozy, so he kisses the inside of his wrist, over his tendon, without thinking much about it.
Dean is very disoriented. He doesn’t want to open his eyes.
Dean tenses up when he feels teeth, sharp and menacing, grazing his neck.
"Come on, Baby don't fail me now." He whispered inside his helmet, the words being left behind him as he went faster, hoping to leave his adversary behind him in the dust.
Getting closer and closer to almost 70 miles per hour, his engine revved protests as he made some very tight curves. Around and around the school they went.
"Me too." Dean blushed.
Dean knew how tired Sam was. He knew how angry and unforgiving he would be once they did this. How alone he would be. But the pounding in his head?
Dean gently rapped his knuckles on the door and shoved his hands in his pockets. His breath caught as a grinning Castiel opened the door.
The bad parts were Castiel's stubbornness (however stubborn Dean was himself) and selflessness which got him in harm's way a lot. His rash decisions never ended well and usually lying about them didn't help either. But with all those troublesome things about his lover, Dean still loved his kindness and patience. Dean loved his lion heart and cleverness. His big doe eyes and his ruffled hair; even his dirty trench coat. Dean loved every single thing about Castiel.
It could never compare to the reliable safety he felt right now. The same feeling as the night of the race, when he kissed him.
Dean momentarily worried if he was making noise, and almost pulled away, but when Castiel's tongue gently made its way into Dean's mouth, he didn't give a rat's ass if he was loud because it felt so good and so right that Dean's hands made their way to wrap around Castiel's neck to bring him even closer.
Dean's chuckle sounded quiet in the middle of the chaos around them, "Yeah. I mean, uh, you didn't seem too eager when I invited you."
"Absolutely." Castiel said from behind Dean now, his voice slightly muffled, the air already fogging inside the helmet from the heat around him. He wrapped his arms around Dean and he swore he could feel him smile.
It's not like he wanted to do this. He had so many things to live for. Sammy, Baby, the other hunters he considered family, pie... Cas. He wanted to live for Castiel too.
The sounds of people yelling, drinking and having fun could be heard as Castiel walked closer to his school.
Dean, noticing he made the moment awkward, cleared his throat and decided to get this done with, "Welp. Okay um, wish me luck. See ya."
Dean hates it when Sam yells. He thinks he sounds too much like John, whose voice got lower and rougher, threatening. It itches it's way into Dean's skin uncomfortably, making his hair stand up and bringing painful memories back. He straightens his back obediently, yes sir on the tip of his tongue.
was a man, but really, did it matter?) And he was pretty sure that broke at least two of the biggest rules in Christianity.
The thought made him shiver with arousal.
Cas sat up suddenly and reached behind him to pull Dean’s fingers out, wincing slightly at the sudden loss. Dean gasped slightly as Cas wrapped Dean’s fingers around his length and stroked quickly, spreading the leftover lube along Dean’s shaft. Cas smiled at Dean and positioned Dean at his entrance. He lingered for a moment and then sank down onto Dean in one go. The angel gasped and stilled, his head falling forward as he took several deep breaths. Dean placed his hands on Cas’ hips and started to run his thumbs along the sharp hipbones there. Cas raised his eyes to Dean’s as he started to rock, his fingers digging into Dean’s chest for purchase. Dean moved with him, pulling Cas down at the same he drove up. All of the sudden, Cas threw his head back with a loud moan and Dean knew he had found his sweet spot. Dean bit his lip and concentrated on his angle, driving into Cas at the same angle so he could hit his prostate on every thrust. Cas groaned and started to grind down harder, his nails digging into Dean’s chest as he rode him.
“That’s great, Cas. Where is he?” Dean asked, unable to stop grinning. Gabriel shot him death glare from his position in the backseat, but Cas seemed immune. He just looked at Dean.
Cas could tell something was really wrong with Dean. He didn’t have much practice reading human emotions but he did have a lot of practice reading Dean. And the speed of which emotions were flashing across the hunter’s face was alarming to the tiny angel. And he had no idea what to do to help him. They had somehow found their way to a park and Dean had sat them down on a bench. It was almost dark, with just a hint of pink at the horizon. Dean sighed and leaned back. He looked down at Cas.
Well. At least that keeps your far out of sight. DW
“Dean….I’m….
“More people may die.” he said as he grabbed Dean’s hand and dragged him from the room. Dean went without too much resistance – Cas was right anyway – Dean knocked on his brothers door idly missing when they used to share a room and he could just yell at Sam from the comfort of his hotel bed. It wasn’t really a longing – he’d take the trade off any day – but his laziness felt for sure that there was some way they could work it out where he wouldn’t have to come to his brother’s room just to talk to him.
"I know I won't see you for a few nights." Castiel explained, his hands making quick work of Dean's shirt. "I want to make sure I get what I can."
“Dean, talk to me.” Cas said, echoing the words Dean had said to him once upon a time. Dean sighed.
Dean paused. This was certainly an unexpected turn of events. He wasn’t supposed to
“Me either.”
“Are you in there, Cas?” Dean asked, and Cas nodded vigorously, happy he that someone finally understood him.
“He was a toddler for twenty-four hours, Dean. You’d be happy, too.” Castiel said, as he zipped the final zipper. Dean reached and took the bag, slinging it over his shoulder.
There was a knock on the door a little while later. Cas groaned.
“Don’t go blaming that on me, kid.” Ellen said, holding out her hand. “Hey, son, I’m Ellen.”
“So…should we do it?” Dean spoke first. Sam shrugged.
“I’m so stressed out, Cas. By everything. What if we don’t find the little girl? What if Andrew is wrong and isn’t Casmiria? What if it is Casmiria and she has somehow gotten her powers back?” Cas let go of Dean’s hand and put his arm around Dean, petting his back. Dean buried his face in his hands.
what that did to him when he called Dean that. He shook his head and replied.
“Dean, what’s wrong? Just tell me. There is no point in you lying, I can tell when you are upset, I just don’t know why.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Is your headache gone?” he reiterated. Dean was momentarily shocked. He had forgotten all about his headache, which answered the question in itself.
“Were you expecting us?” Dean asked, not moving his gun. Andrew just rolled his eyes.
“They can’t what?” Castiel prompted, pumping his hand slightly. “They can’t make you feel like I do?” he muttered, pulling Dean’s dick out.
“Please, Dean. Please.” Dean decided enough was enough, so he withdrew his fingers and slid the condom over his dick. Lube was next, and he quickly spread some on himself before lining up with Cas’ entrance.
Dean is more perceptive than people give him credit for. He notices that something was wrong about halfway into the show. He sets his beer on the bedside table, picking up the remote and pausing the show, then turns towards Castiel.
“We have to go on the assumption it may be. We want to talk to her at any rate. Do you remember anything else about her? The smallest detail may help.” She shook her head.
And he also happened to be completely naked.
“Might as well. Not much more research we can do. I mean, I can only look at so many pictures of family barbeques.” Cas nodded and stood up. Dean stretched before clearing the history before closing the browser. Cas was standing off to the side, waiting for Dean to finish when a woman in her mid-thirties approached him.
And then he remembered.
“Okay so new plan. Gabriel, you go back and look for any more clues. Sam, work your magic on that symbol. See if you can find anything about it.” Gabriel nodded and was gone. Sam immediately went to his laptop and was absorbed within minutes. Dean looked at Cas.
Breakfast was a quiet affair. With going to Casmiria’s cabin looming over their heads, no one had much of an appetite. Still, everyone ate, with the exception of Castiel, of course. Instead, he stood directly behind Dean, a hand on his shoulder, observing everyone quietly. Dean would never admit it, but having Castiel touch him was the only thing keeping him grounded. It was like the angel was giving him the strength to stay calm; and although he couldn’t be sure, Dean was almost positive the feeling was mutual.
“We’re going to end up here anyway and you’re cold.” Castiel said, grabbing Dean’s arm and putting it over his waist as he made himself comfortable on Dean’s chest. After another seconds hesitation, Dean tightened his hold on him and indulged himself in burying his head in Castiel’s hair to breathe him in. Castiel made a pleased noise and settled in, and within moments Dean felt his breath even out.
Dean himself had been early, unable to deal with the sad look on Lisa's face this morning. She'd never came to bed last night, though Dean was sure that had more to do with him than the fact that she didn't wake up. He knew that she knew that something was going on with Dean. He and Castiel had been sleeping together for, what, eight months now? Lisa would have had to be stupid to not know. And she wasn't stupid. It was only a matter of time until she confronted him. Dean pulled out his phone.
“No. But he owes me and I intend to collect. Do this, hunter, and I will turn your angel back.”
“How much have you missed me, Winchester?” the angel growled, sending delicious shivers down Dean’s body. The angel knew that Dean loved it whenever Cas called him by his last name.
“Like you want to rip my clothes off and fuck me into oblivion.”
“I’m sure you did.” Dean muttered under his breath. Sam gave him the bitch-face again and Gabriel winked. There was an awkward silence until Dean cleared his throat.
“Dean!” Cas whispered more urgently. Dean whipped around and looked down at him.
Andrew nodded excitedly. “My thoughts exactly! So I did a little research and…I know how she did it.” He looked blinked. “Or, well she didn’t do it, exactly, it was more of…”
Dean liked to watch the angel sleep. He liked the steady rise and fall of his chest, and the little puffs of air from between Cas’ lips that he could feel on his chest (or neck, depending on the situation). He liked that the confused expression that Cas always seemed to wear was lulled into a peaceful-looking sleep version of it. He liked the way Cas would pull him closer when he tried to move away, clinging to him like he was his lifeline.
“Mrs. Wilson…” Dean started, but she cut him off.
The feeling was exquisite. There was a delicious burn that Dean was slowly coming to love as Castiel slid into him. When the angel pressed a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth, the hunter turned his head and captured his lips.
“No.” Cas said. Gabriel nodded in agreement.
“Yeah, okay.” He bent down and scooped Gabriel up, (carefully) throwing him over his shoulder. As small as Gabriel was, it had always been rather easy to man-handle him and now that he was a toddler, it was even easier. Gabriel squealed again as Sam carried him out of the bathroom. Sam came into the room and stopped at the sight of his brother and Cas, switching Gabriel to his hip. The little archangel grabbed a fistful of his shirt and then hit him.
It felt good to know that.
Mrs. Wilson.
“He is okay.” Dean nodded. “And we’ll get him back, Sammy. I promise.” Sam smiled at Dean, not looking quite as disheartened as he had a few minutes ago.
Amanda was asleep, too. After all the ups and downs of today, she hadn’t wanted to go home, so Sam had offered to let her sleep in his room. She was currently curled up in the middle of the bed, snoring softly.
Only Cas wasn’t a baby anymore. His vessel had been returned to its former glory.
“Dean, I do not understand what is so funny!” Castiel said loudly, sounding upset. Dean stopped laughing and pulled Cas into his arms.
wakes up, we can talk to him. But I’m not making any promises on what I will or will not do. Okay?”
Instead, he turned towards Sam, studying his sleeping face. He looked younger in his sleep, not quite so tense. The almost permanent pinch between his eyebrows was gone, soothed by sleep. Gabriel’s heart pinched, and he reached out to put a hand on Sam’s face.
“I don’t know, Dean. It’s possible…but maybe it’s best if we don’t think about it.” Sam answered, not glancing up from his laptop. Dean shrugged, jostling Cas just a little.
He drove for a few minutes before he looked at Sam in the backseat.
“No, he just burned a
He also was terrified about Castiel dying. He would be powerless until they managed to remove the warding around Casmiria’s cabin. Dean was afraid of dying, but he was more afraid of losing Cas.
Dean stood their dumbfounded. He had known that the disappearances were speeding up, but he had no idea that another person would have vanished so soon. The last girl had only been missing for 6 days, for Christ’s sake! Dean saw Cas scramble out of bed out of the corner of his eye.
“Since when do you get to decide on what risks I take?” he yelled.
He knew that Andrew’s ass was on the line, too. Even knowing that fact, Dean was still left with a bad feeling about the entire situation. If Andrew did decide to turn on them, then he was almost positive that Casmiria would forgive him for turning in the traitors. The only thing that the man really had going for him was the man’s apparent hate for the witch. Hopefully, Andrew’s hatred of Casmiria would overrule his basic instinct of survival.  It was their only chance.
When Castiel woke up the next morning, the first thing he was aware of was Dean’s warmth curled up against his side. Dean’s breathing was slow and deep, his breath blowing gently onto Castiel’s neck. The angel smiled to himself and turned over, slipping an arm around Dean and pulling him in closer, tangling their legs together. Dean snuggled in closer to Castiel, mumbling but not waking up. Castiel smiled to himself. These were his favorite moments.
Hello! Sorry for my mini hiatus, I promise it won't happen again. Here's the next chapter! And warning there's some Sabriel luvins in this chapter so if that's not your thing you might just want to not read the end of it?
“Theirs’ actually.” He jerked his head towards Sam and Gabriel. Her eyes widened in surprise and Dean continued. “I just came along to give them a break. New babies, you know.” Dean grinned at Sam as she turned to look at the two of them. The look Sam gave him was murderous. Gabriel, however, chuckled and wrapped one arm around Sam.
Cas snorted and broke Dean from his trance. Without realizing it, Dean had turned and walked away from the bed. His heart leapt and his stomach dropped when he heard a rough voice.
“Move, Dean. Please.” he begged, rolling his hips just slightly. Dean groaned and pulled back, moving in and out at a slow pace.
Dean covered Cas in a blanket, trying desperately
“Mostly because it would make me a hypocrite.” Dean said scathingly. “But also because…I understand.” Dean sighed. Cas reached and took Dean’s hand, lacing their fingers together.
To: Castiel
“Look, buddy…” Dean started but once again, Cas touched the guys forehead and he crumpled. Dean caught the man this time. He looked up at Cas, who shrugged.
“Yeah, that’s all the mom could remember. Why, have you got something?”
“No, Dean.” Cas turned around and Dean dropped his hand. Cas’ eyes were indeed glinting with tears. “I understand you are angry with me. But I’m not going to apologize for caring about you.” Cas bit his lip, the hurt evident on his face. “And…fuck you. For trying to make me feel bad for caring about what happens to you.” Cas went to the bathroom and slammed the door, leaving Dean feeling like a piece of shit in his wake.
“All these other idjits have already said your name, so I’m not gonna make you repeat it. I’m Bobby. Welcome to the Singer-Harvelle household, son.” Castiel shook his hand and smiled. “Thank you, Mr. Singer, it’s an honor – “
“Say it for me, baby, come on. Tell me what you need.” Dean knew exactly what his boyfriend wanted, but he was determined to wait until Cas said it. He loved to hear his innocent little boyfriend ask. Call it a kink, but Cas asking for Dean to fuck him was one of the sexiest things Dean had ever experienced. Cas pushed back against him again.
“I think Dean was looking for a fight. He’s been stressed ever since this entire
“Fine. When
“So what are we gonna do about him?” he asked, jerking his head towards the bed where Andrew had been unceremoniously dumped just moments before. Dean’s smile faded.
“I don’t know! I just…I-I went to check on him and found him like this! And-and he’s completely human! I don’t know how to take care of a human baby!” Gabriel screamed. The noise was enough to make baby Cas start crying.
He was only five minutes late by the time he pulled into the parking deck at work. He found Dean's car with ease, given the other man's penchant for parking well away from the other cars to minimize the scratches and dings. Castiel parked about six spaces away, next to a new Camry so he wouldn't arouse suspicion. Dean would see Castiel's car when he went to his own, and hopefully remember to grab his jacket as he passed.
“Someone has to!” Cas yelled. “Someone has to care whether you die or not, Dean. Because you don’t, and you don’t ever think about what it would do to the rest of us if you died!” Cas sniffed and turned away. Dean’s brain registered that he may have upset the angel, but he was too mad to care.
“I’ve seen how often you humans have to do it. I can tell I’m going to hate it.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, yeah. Eternal doom, I get the gist.” He strode past her and opened the door. “See ya.” He said, and walked out without looking back. He knew Sam and Gabriel would follow. He made sure he was out of earshot before looking at the angel. “You okay, Cas?” he whispered. The tiny angel just nodded. “Good.” Dean said, and opened the back door of his Impala to start strapping the little guy in.
“Yesterday afternoon.  It was…” Sam swallows again. “…it was a kid, Dean. A little girl. Her name is Katie Wilson.” Dean felt his heart constrict, the way it always did when children were involved. Cas tightened his grip around Dean’s waist.
Dean looked up at him, his smile mischievous. “What’re you thinking, Cas?”
“Why in the world were you tracking Casmiria? We bound her remember?” Dean said hotly.
“We could always get an early start tomorrow.” he hedged hopefully, although he knew full well that it wouldn’t work. Cas smiled knowingly and kissed Dean chastely.
“Casmiria, I bind thee from hurting others!” It all stopped and Casmiria turned slowly to face Andrew. He was holding up the cord with one knot on there. She opened her mouth but nothing came out.
“No?” Castiel said, arching his eyebrow. Dean swallowed
“Is there a way you can get Casmiria off of our backs? Can you kill her?” He asks. Andrew shakes his head. Dean nodded.
“I’m already yours, Dean.” Cas whimpered, spreading his legs. Dean grinned and breached his hole, causing the angel to arch his back and cry out. Dean slowly worked his finger in and out, enjoying every gasp he got from Cas. When Dean pushed a second finger in, Cas almost screamed. Dean put his free hand over the angel’s mouth.
“His vessel is approximately three years of age.” Cas said, moving around to the other side of the bed. Sam looked up at the angel and bit his lip.
“Fuck, Dean.” Cas moaned, and Dean slowly ran his hands up Cas’ thighs to the hem of the angel’s boxers, grabbing them and pulling them off in one fluid motion. Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s hair as the cool air assaulted his member. Dean wasted no time in wrapping his lips around the head and taking the angel partway into his mouth. Cas let out a strangled gasp and gripped Dean’s head with blunt fingernails and pushed himself into Dean’s open mouth. Dean pulled back a little putting his hands on the angel’s hips and holding him down.
“Yeah, Dean-o. This symbol,” Gabriel held up a drawing, “was carved on a tree near Cas’ hiding place. I figured it may be something.” Cas looked at the drawing and started to wiggle, trying desperately to talk. Obviously, he couldn’t form sentences but he may, he just
“Am I in the hospital?” He asked. The woman nodded.
“Because you do, and you cannot see it. Regardless of how often I tell you, you refuse to believe me so I want you to say it. Tell me that you deserve this – me, and I will let you come.” Cas ground down into Dean to prove his point. “Tell me, Dean.”
"Hello, Dean." he said, though he made no move towards him. Dean (after checking to make sure they were alone) leaned in to kiss him on the lips. Just a peck, but it made Dean feel better, and Castiel was actually smiling when he pulled back.
“Well, since you are all too rude to stand up and introduce yourself properly, I guess I’ll do it.”
The next few minutes were a blur. The paramedics took the bottle of pills that he’d taken, but they wouldn’t let Dean ride with him.
Casmiria made a second big mistake when she tied them up. She didn’t have Lindsey search them, so Castiel’s ready-made bottle of Witch Molotov is still tucked into the waistband of his pants. And that meant that the rest of the group still had theirs.
“S’alright, Cas.” he said, kissing the angel. Cas stood back.
“Yeah, and..?”
He was Sam’s. Sam was his. What they looked like didn’t matter. Gabriel looked up at him, smiling, warmth and contentment filling his chest.
Dean and Castiel had come back a couple of hours ago after disappearing to God knows where. (Gabriel is convinced they ran off for a couple of quick blowjobs in the Impala, but what does he know?) And now he’s here, watching all of the ‘grown ups’ (he uses that word sarcastically) interact with each other. Talking about plans and powers and probably fucking homeless people, who knows?
They found the cabin rather easily. It was tucked back into the woods, and looked just about like any other cabin the woods they had ever seen. The porch was half collapsed and from what Dean could see, there were several holes in the walls and tiles missing from the roof. It wasn’t really that bad.
“Are you sure? You seem upset…” Cas asked, worry lacing his tone.
“I love you.” he murmured, testing the way it sounded. He had never said it to him before. At least, not with words. Saying those words was a line that he hadn’t let himself cross, even if he knew he felt it. He was scared of the consequences. What if Sam didn’t feel the same way? Gabriel knew that he wouldn’t be able to bear losing Sam.
“Come on, Dean-0, you guys are sooo cute.” Gabriel smirked.
everything, and that’s just strange. He felt hungry, but didn’t want to say anything, not when they are so close to the man’s house. He stole a glance at Dean and met his eyes. Dean smiled briefly before looking away, and Cas’ heart pinched.
“Round two?” he asked. Castiel laughed and smoothed Dean’s hair back.
“Is that so?” Dean asked, struggling to keep his voice light. Cas’ lips found their way to his ear and he sucked lightly on his earlobe.
“Full moon?”
“I know.” Castiel tells him, and even believes it. He knows that Dean would never lie to him about this.
“I wasn’t really jealous.” he said, his voice muffled by Dean’s hair. Dean looked up at him.
Amanda was the fidgety one in the group. She was nervous, that much was apparent, but Dean knew she wanted to go hurry up and go to the cabin so that she could see her daughter. Andrew was quiet in a contemplative way; he was the only one at the table that didn’t look terrified. Sam and Gabriel were talking quietly to each other; Dean could hear snatches of their conversation but he wasn’t really paying attention.
So really, all they had to do was make sure that Andrew didn’t die in the process of killing Casmiria and everything will be peachy.
“Eager.” he said, as he slipped one finger inside of Dean. Dean groaned and threw his head back, begging for more. Castiel bent over and started to kiss Dean thoroughly as he worked him open. Dean cried out and begged for more until Castiel was three fingers deep.
“Gabriel isn’t a hook-up.” he nodded towards where Cas was standing directly behind Dean. “Glad you finally owned up to what you were feeling.” It was Dean’s turn to be sheepish.
“Good, now that
Cas was slowly waking up, becoming more and more aware of the gnawing hunger in his stomach. He stretched back and poked at Dean’s face. When the hunter looked down at him Cas whined a little. Dean seemed to understand immediately.
“Are you okay, buddy?” Dean asked, immediately concerned.
“All I know is that I checked on him three days ago and he was fine. I go back yesterday and he’s an infant.” Sam nodded.
Dean stepped up and gently covered her with a blanket. He cut the televison off, and then the lamp. He wasn't going to wake her up now. He looked back at her one more time before he climbed the stairs to their bedroom. He was a piece of shit for cheating on her. He knew that. But somehow, knowing that wasn't enough to make him stop. He was already in too deep with Castiel.
“Unofficial, my ass. No one besides family could get on my nerves as bad as you do.” Dean rolled his eyes and leaned closer to Castiel. “She’s serious. You should see her knife collection.” Dean stage whispered, mostly to watch Castiel’s expression. His eyes only widened for a second before he was also shaking her hand.
"Are you hungry?" He asked. The food wouldn't be hot anymore, but it should still be edible. Most of it anyway.
And better than Dean could ever deserve.  Dean sighed, out loud this time, and turned to address the others.
Yeah, Dean isn’t really looking forward to that.
“Goodnight.” Amanda said, watching as Cas stood to join Dean.
“Is he yours?” She asked. Dean shook his head, and then decided to have some fun.
Eventually, Cas managed to convince Dean to go back to the hotel, seeing as they were both tired from the upheaval of the day. Dean knew that he would eventually have to apologize to Sam and Andrew alike, but for the moment all he really wanted to do was go to sleep with Cas curled up in his arms.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“I was bored.” Cas admitted, whispering just as quietly. He moved one of his hands and grabbed Dean’s. “And I missed you.” Dean chuckled quietly.
“Fine. You win.” he said, then pulled Cas close again, putting his lips at Cas’ ear “But I’m gonna fuck the shit out of you when we get back tonight.” Dean promised, and was rewarded with a shiver from the angel.
“I don’t think she swings your way, Charlie.”
Dean thought. He stood up and grabbed for the tissue box on the table beside the door and started to clean himself up. He glanced at Cas with a smile on his face.
“Of course. Your… ‘friend’…” she said the word disgustingly, as if it had left a sour taste in her mouth “had the gall to turn me down before I had even propositioned him.” She laughed again. “Perhaps I acted a little rashly. I can understand why he did now.” Dean’s urge to laugh turned into confusion. The thought of Cas turning the witch down was hilarious, but why did she understand now?
There's everything wrong with your car, Cas. DW
“Goodnight, Sammy.”
Dean didn’t know what to think. He didn’t want to move, but he didn’t really want to go up on stage either. But maybe he should. Maybe having an attractive guy dance all over him would be the perfect thing to make him forget all about Bela. So, he stayed, as Gadreel was replaced by a twink-looking guy who called himself Samandriel. Not at all Dean’s type, but the threw the bills his way anyway. (The guy looked to be about fifteen. Dean couldn’t bring himself to touch him, not sexually anyway. And that included tucking dollar bills into his G-string.)
“Quiet, girl!” Casmiria snapped, and Lindsey jumped. Looking down, she moved back to stand next to the wall. Casmiria walked up to them, running her hands along the backs of the chairs.
“I do not understand what I did, Dean.” Dean just chuckled.
Lisa. Dean's wife. And if the look on her face was anything to go by, she knew exactly who he was, too.
“You know what? Fuck it. I’ve spent too many nights crying over him, wondering why I wasn’t good enough.” She shrugged. “It’s because I don’t have a dick. He’s…he’s always been this way. I was just too delusional to see it.” She squared her shoulders, preparing to walk off until she thought of another thing. “You knew about me, didn’t you?” she asked, and although Castiel didn’t answer, he knew the silence was damning enough. Of course, he had known. The entire time. “You’re the worst kind of person. Didn’t your parents ever teach you not to play with things that weren’t yours?”
He finished his coffee more quickly than he wanted to admit. Caffeine was something that almost always made him feel better, at least for a little while. He poured himself another cup, but he didn't have the time to enjoy it like the first. He carried it with him into the bedroom as he picked out his outfit for the day. The same boring clothes, the same boring routine. He went through his almost every day.
Dean sighed and looked over at the diaper bag and then back at Cas.
"Okay." Castiel said, opening the passenger door and climbing out at the same time Dean did. "I love you, too." he added, almost as an afterthought. It was true, though. And it always gave Dean the most beautiful smile when he said it. This time was no exception.
…the little movements Cas kept making felt great, but Dean knew it wasn’t enough to finish him off. But he also didn’t want to lie just to get what he wanted – Cas didn’t deserve that. This left Dean at an impasse.
“How are we getting there? Driving?” Sam asked. Dean shook his head. “I was hoping we could get Gabe to fly us, since we aren’t sure if Cas can yet.” He glanced back at Cas, who had managed to put the shirt on backwards and was fumbling with it.
“Dean! Cas! Are you coming?” Sam was climbing into the back of the Impala. Dean sighed, both grateful and a little angry about the interruption. He turned back to his angel.
“Lisa…” he began.
“I’m sorry, little brother.” Dean turned pink and Sam busted out laughing, but Cas just cocked his head.
“Come on, Moosey, you need to get some sleep. We gotta go hunt witches tomorrow.” Sam smiled climbed into the bed beside the archangel. He opened his arms and Gabriel laid his head on Sam’s chest. Sam knew that the angel didn’t need sleep but he stayed because Sam liked to hold him while he slept. Sam kissed the top of the archangels head.
"Cas? Baby, you there?" Dean asked, reminding Castiel that Dean was on the other line.
“So how are things with you?” Sam smiled and opened his mouth to answer just as the bathroom door opened and Cas stepped out, stark naked, obviously intending to have some ‘alone time’ with Dean. He saw Sam and instantly blushed crimson.
Dean finally forced himself out of the shower and grabbed a towel, drying himself off and then wrapping it around his waist until he could find him so clothes to put on. He brushed his teeth and opened the bathroom door, glancing at the still-sleeping figure of Castiel before turning to his duffle bag and rummaging around for clothes. He heard a muffled sound behind him and turned to see a sleepy-eyed Castiel blinking at him. He looked at the clock beside the bed. 7:01. Fucking
Castiel knew that Dean wasn’t really hers, otherwise he’d have never wanted Castiel in the first place. But that didn’t make him a better person. Dean took a vow, and Castiel should have known better than to let him break it for the likes of him. Regardless of what they both wanted.
“Well it seems that one of the witches in your coven has cast an age spell on one of my friends.” He said, looking her in the eye. The witch tilted her head, as though she was surprised.
“Please, Cas. Open the door.” Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes, fighting back tears. He was such an idiot. He had managed to get the one person that was always on his side mad at him. He couldn’t even blame Cas for being angry at him. He deserved it. Dean squeezed his eyes shut tighter and balled up his fists. Why did he have to be such a fuck up? Why couldn’t he get one thing right?
The archangel whipped his head up to look at him and Sam held his hand out. Sure, it would be a little bit of a reach for Gabriel but Sam was positive that he was able to hold his hand. It was the most he could do for the moment, until they got out of this store and Sam was able to talk to him properly. Gabriel pursed his lips and pretended to think for a moment before he reached up and grasped Sam’s hand. Sam almost sighed. Now maybe the archangel would be at ease.
Dean wasn’t sure whether it was his own inexperience with feeding babies, or whether it was Cas’ inexperience with eating
“Because she’s funny, smart, pretty and I think we’d have fun together.” Dean laughed a little.
” It was Cas’ turn to roll his eyes.
And guess who they were sniggering at? That’s right. Dean and Cas were still very much spooning. Dean had tucked his head into Cas’ shoulder. Gabriel noticed he was awake and nudged Sam.
“That’s our queue.” He says, and the four of them hurry away, leaving the man on the street.  It takes them roughly 5 minutes to reach the spot where they can fly, and Dean would’ve kept going if Cas hadn’t stopped him. Wordlessly, Cas and Gabriel grabbed their respective brothers and just like that, all five of them were back in the motel room.
Casmiria struck out, using her power to push Castiel back a few feet. Before he could approach her again, she’s across the room and she has Gabriel in her arms.
“Hey, Cas.” he said, for want of anything else to say.
“The British guy?” Dean asks. “What did he say that’s bothering you?”
“Well, look at that. Sleeping Beauty has finally woken up. You must have been a little overzealous, Cassie.” He said. All it takes is this sentence before he remembers everything. The break-in, the fight. But not how he got here. In fact, the last thing he remembers is the guy on the right touching his forehead and then it goes blank.
lose you. I won’t survive it.” He whispered, more to himself than to Cas.  The angel reached out tentatively to touch Dean’s back, and when the hunter didn’t pull away, Cas wrapped his arms around his waist. Dean sagged back against him. “You could do so much better, Cas. I’m just an old broken down hunter that’s living on borrowed time.” Cas pulled away and went to stand in front of Dean.
cool, by the way – I may have started…watching her.” He trailed off and glanced at Dean, his expression a little fearful. “At first, it was just to keep an eye on her, make sure she wasn’t kidnapping children and turning them into soap or something. But then…she slipped me.” He looked down at the floor shamefully. “I was with this girl and she skipped town without me noticing. I tried to follow but she was long gone by the time I got…” he cleared his throat. “Anyway, I had to start all over again and I’ve been tracking her ever since.”
“I was so scared you were going to say no.” he whispered and Cas chuckled.
“I guess I’ll go get another room.” he muttered. “’Night, everyone.”
“This is crazy.” Amanda muttered, and sat down in one of the chairs and put her head in her hands.
Dean gasped as he got it, his eyes wide as he looked at Sam. Who they were dealing with, what the witch had done that had led them to her in the first place. Unconsciously, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and held on tightly, nothing with glee that Cas gripped back just as hard, seeming to need it as bad as Dean did. He walked forward and looked more closely.
“Dean.” he moaned, breathless. Dean smirked and adjusted his hand so he had a better grip on Cas before starting to jack him slowly. The angel let his head fall forward onto Dean’s shoulder, leaving his neck open for Dean to kiss and suck at as he sped his hand up. With the hand not currently jacking his boyfriend off, Dean managed to get his own pants undone and his erection free of its confining prison. He also pushed Castiel’s pants down and with a quick adjustment, was able to take both of their erections into his hand.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean almost sobbed in relief and he instinctively drove his hips up into the angel’s hand. He opened his eyes in time to see Cas’ pink tongue dart out eagerly to catch a bead of the gathered precome at the tip. Cas leaned down further and licked up Dean’s member, sucking the head into his mouth before pulling off and licking up it again. Cas started lap at the base, and then suck lightly as he made his way back to the top. Cas glanced up at him licked his lips before he ducked down and sucked him down in one go.
It took Cas a little bit to find Dean. He had gotten in the Impala and drove off, leaving Cas to find him parked on the side of the road with a beer in his hand. Cas supposed he should be grateful that it isn’t something stronger. He opens the door and slides into the passenger seat. Dean offered him the half-empty bottle and sat it beside his foot.
“These feel nice, Dean.” Cas commented as he pulled on the boxers.  Dean flushed and Gabriel and Sam exchanged smiles.
Moments when he could just lie there and watch Dean, with his full lips and his perfect jawline, without the hunter getting huffy. Where he was able to try and count the light dusting of freckles across Dean’s nose without him turning away and telling Cas to stop creeping. Where Castiel could marvel in the beauty of his hunter and wonder what it was that he did that was so right that he was able to win Dean’s affections.
Cas didn’t wait for Dean to get out of the car before he opened the door and got out, striding up to the room. Dean had the key, but Cas just disappeared inside.
“Bael.” She smiled. “He said he heard about my predicament, and that he could help me get my revenge and my powers back.” Dean bit his tongue to keep quiet. He was about ninety percent sure Bael was a demon, which would very well explain how she got her powers back. It looked like Andrew was right after all.
“You do realize that Gabriel is still Gabriel, right? Even with the toddler-sized body?” Dean said.
“Are you Andrew Williams?” Sam asked, pointing his gun at the man.
“What if we find the witch and get
Sam couldn’t move to help his brother. Literally. His muscles would not obey any command that he gave them. All he could do was stare helplessly as the witch choked the life out of his brother. At first he thought it was the witch that was keeping him still, but out of the corner of his eye he saw Gabriel’s expression and knew instantly that it was him. Gabriel was keeping him from helping Dean. As if Gabriel was reading Sam’s mind (which, knowing the angel he probably was) he archangel shook his head slightly. Logically, Sam knew why Gabriel was keeping him pinned. Sam knew that if he reacted then the witch would kill him, or Dean, or hell, maybe even both of them. Sam saw the defiance on his brother’s face and knew that Dean wasn’t going to give up. A rush of pride went through him but it was short-lived when Dean started to gasp. More than ever Sam wanted to go to the aide of his brother but that God-damned archangel was not going to let him up. He struggled but there was no point. He was powerless against Gabriel.
“Did you just….?” He asked, and the tiny angel whimpered and buried his head in Dean’s jacket in embarrassment. Dean looked up and saw Gabriel grinning. There was a rustle of feathers and suddenly he was alone in the elevator with Cas. Dean shook his head and addressed the angel.
“Gabriel carried you here.” Andrew blinked.
“Shh. I got you. Come for me, Dean.” Castiel’s low voice, sounding so wrecked with their lovemaking was all it took. Dean came in long spurts, painting his and Castiel’s chests. The angel kept pumping, helping the hunter through his orgasm. When Dean’s rhythm stuttered, Cas gripped Dean’s hips and thrust into him once, twice, three times before he was coming, crying out the hunter’s name as he filled the condom. He kept thrusting into Dean until he had completely ridden out his orgasm. Dean lifted up, and gently eased Cas out of him. Cas sighed happily and slipped off the condom, tying it and tossing it into the trashcan beside the bed. He grabbed a tissue from the bedside table and used it to clean them both. The tissue followed the condom and then Castiel pulled the hunter into his arms. Dean sighed and snuggled into the angel’s chest.
No, I normally take the bus. I hate driving in this traffic. CN
” She smiled, but there was no humor behind it. It looked more like a wolf that had just cornered its prey. “As fun as it would be, I don’t I’m going to be the one to enlighten you. You should ask your angelic friend.” She smiled and gestured to Cas. Dean looked up at her.
“That’s alright. Let’s get you some supplies.”
“Hey, guys.” Andrew said, grinning sheepishly and nodding at them. Dean blinked and blurted out the question on everyone’s mind.
He was doing a fabulous job so far. Unable to move his hips, Dean tightened his grip on Cas’ hair, causing the angel to moan and send pleasant shivers along Dean’s dick. The angel sped up, wrapping one hand around the base of Dean’s dick and jacking him off where he couldn’t reach. All too soon, Dean felt that familiar heat pooling his stomach.
“Babe, you got nothing to worry about.” he said, leaning in and kissing the angel. Castiel accepted the kiss.
Chapter 8: Is it time?
he was just going to have to explain, surely Cas would understand, right?
“Shit, Cas…right there, oh fuck.” Dean whimpered, and Castiel thrust into him at the same angle. Dean itched to put his arms around the angel, but the tie was doing it’s job and keeping him in place. Castiel pulled back slightly and reached between them to grasp Dean’s cock, jerking him off in time with each thrust. Dean gave up all precedence of helping and just clung to Cas, his legs around his waist, moving his hips slightly as Castiel pounded into him at a relentless pace, nailing his prostate on every thrust. Dean knew that he wasn’t going to last long like this.
“Cas…if you’re in there, please talk to me. I know I messed up. I didn’t mean it. I love you. Please, Cas.” Dean whispered. “I’m sorry.” If Cas was gone…he didn’t know what he would do. He knew it was his fault, and he wouldn’t blame Cas if he was gone, but…God, he didn’t want him to be. Dean slid his hand away from the door and went to turn away, but then he heard the lock click and the door opened. He turned back around and saw Cas standing there, dry-eyed and with a scowl on his face.
But he still had to do it. He cared about Sam, after all. And he knew Sam would be both angry and depressed after his fight with Dean.
To: Castiel
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, about that. I owe you an apology.” Dean sat the coffee cup down. “I’m so sorry, Cas. I’ve put you through hell, and you didn’t deserve any of it.” He smiled. “You’re the best person I know, Cas. I hate the way I’ve been treating you. You’re so much better than I am.” He took his hand. “I don’t know why you felt you had to do this, Cas, but if it had anything to do with me then I’m so sorry I drove you to this. I should’ve stopped it a long time ago.”
“I haven’t allowed them to heal.” he said. “I-I liked the thought of having…memories from last night.” he confessed, looking at the ground. “Although I certainly did not expect this reaction.” Dean grinned and ducked to kiss him.
“I need an ambulance. My boyfriend is dying. He took a bunch of pills and now he’s not waking up.”
“They didn’t seem to think anything of it. Said it was most likely my subconscious looking for a reason Katie would be missing.” She looked down and sighed. “Hell, I thought it was my imagination.” She looked back up. “Do you really think that it may have something to do with Katie’s disappearance?” Dean cleared his throat.
“Pity. I wanted you to beg, but your hunter’s pride just wouldn’t allow that, now would it?” She said, walking towards him. “Such defiance. I respect that, Dean Winchester, I really do.” She leaned down over Dean and Sam didn’t hear whatever she said to him, but judging by this brother’s expression it wasn’t good. She looked at Dean with an unmistakable lust in her eyes. The woman turned around and walked back to her chair.
“Shh, Cas, it’s alright.” Dean whispered. “I promise I won’t let her hurt you.” Cas struggled and whined. It wasn’t himself he was worried about.
“Fuck off!” Dean yelled as he slammed the bathroom door. Gabriel chuckled and turned to Sam.
It wasn't very long before Dean's mouth undid him. He fell apart with a silent cry, burying himself in Dean's mouth as he came down his throat. Dean worked him through his orgasm, the smug look already in his eyes as he pulled off.
“Demons.” Andrew said. “I think she got her powers back from a demon.”
Dean smiled a little.
“Go away.” he muttered. Dean chuckled and kissed his head.
Waking up next to a toddler had been a shock, to say the least. Sam had had to do a double take. And then he had just known.
Dean’s slumber was interrupted by a hurried, annoying knocking on the door. He glanced at Cas, who rolled over and buried his face in the pillowed.
“For fuck’s sake, Cas,
“De…” he said sleepily. Dean smiled and couldn’t help but pick up him up. Cas yawned and stretched again, nuzzling into Dean’s shirt. The hunter put a soothing hand on the baby’s back. He heard a muffled snort from the other bed and looked over at Sam. His brother was still asleep, and smiling slightly as he snuggled a pillow. Dean almost laughed, seeing his brother’s gigantic form hunched around the tiny pillow. Dean looked around the room and noticed that he didn’t see Gabriel anywhere. Hmm. That was strange.
Gabriel and Sam popped back in and saw Dean fast asleep on the bed, with Cas cradled into his chest. Gabriel shushed Sam and pointed.
“Not yet, Dean.” Cas muttered, kissing Dean’s bellybutton. Dean let go of Cas’ hair and moved his hand to the back of Cas’ head and pulled him up so he could kiss him, not caring that he could taste himself on Cas’ tongue. He was too far gone for that. Cas kissed him back for a moment before he pulled away the bottle of lube in his hand.
By the time they pulled into the hotel, the sun was setting. Dean put his beloved car in park and looked over at Cas.
Now’s the dilemma, though. Sam’s already free, but should he untie Gabriel? As a toddler, Castiel is sure that he would be more of a hindrance than a help, but leaving him tied up just doesn’t sit well with him. Still, of the five people here, four of them are unbound and waiting. Castiel decides to leave Gabriel where he’s at, that way if shit hits the fan, Gabriel can always blame it on Castiel that he couldn’t help.
“Come on, baby. Come for me.” Cas shuddered and suddenly Dean felt the angel’s hot, sticky release coating both of their stomachs. Cas’ hole clenched around him and suddenly Dean was coming, taking both himself and Cas by surprise. He hadn’t known he was that close. Dean pulled out slowly and collapsed on top of Cas, spreading the mess between them. Cas’ hands traced soothing circles on Dean’s back.
“Would it hurt to a least hear him out, Dean-0? I’m sure the bitch –excuse me, witch- isn’t expecting us to return so early. It’s not like she gave us a time limit. We can wait for douche-nozzle to wake up and ask him.” He turned his attention back to the television watching a show. (Which Dean recognized immediately as Dr. Sexy, MD.) Dean sighed. He could sense he was losing this fight.
“No. There is no way in hell that I am changing a dirty diaper.” Dean said indignantly, but less than two minutes later, Dean had Cas down and was attempting to clean him up. Cas hadn’t meant to do it-it had just happened. And he definitely did
Dean was flushed and panting. He loved the way Cas was moving inside him, slowly bringing to him to the brink of utter bliss. Dean could feel his orgasm building slowly, the fire in is belly burning hotter at every thrust of Castiel’s hips.
“That was quite nice. I think I’ll get you jealous more often.” Cas joked. Dean laughed tiredly.
Castiel broke the kiss and moved down to the hunter’s neck. The angel paused at the juncture of Dean’s neck and shoulder and bit down hard. Dean moaned and dug his nails into the soft skin of Cas’ back, causing the angel to moan in return and thrust his hips down to meet Dean’s. The hunter decided to press his luck and quickly returned the thrust. When the angel moaned a louder, Dean was sure that Cas was past the point of caring so he slid his hands down the angel’s body so he could undo his slacks. Once this was accomplished, he slipped one hand inside and started to touch his angel, pleased to find out that Castiel was not, in fact, wearing any underwear. The angel moaned and pressed himself into Dean’s hand.
“Dean…I’m…” he whimpered. He pushed his face into Dean’s neck as he came in long spurts, painting both of their stomachs white. Dean stroked Cas through the aftershocks as the angel kissed his neck. Dean was taken by surprise when Cas suddenly chuckled.
Before he’s aware of moving, he’s across the room and ripping Gabriel out of Casmiria’s arms and pushing her backwards into the wall. The resulting snap is almost sickening, but she slumps to the ground. Castiel heard Sam come up behind him and without a word passes the archangel over, stalking up to Casmiria to finish what he started.
looking at him, and Gabriel, who was grinning at Dean.
“What do you think she is going to have us do?” he whispered, knowing she was still in the house. Gabriel shook his head.
“On foot then.” The four of them start to walk, Gabriel leading, Sam a few steps behind, with Cas and Dean walking together behind them. As much as Dean is trying to deny it, he loved seeing Cas in his clothes.
Chapter 8: Headaches
.” He said it like it was a dirty word. Sam scoffed.
“Marry me.” Dean said. Cas opened his eyes and looked at Dean. “I’m serious. I love you, Cas. And I want to keep you forever. I want the entire world to know that you are mine. Let me keep you. Marry me.” Cas smiled and pulled Dean close to him, kissing him.
(See the end of the chapter for
They moved around, fixing their ties and clothes and switching postions so that Dean was fully in the driver's seat again, and that both of them were buckled up. As Dean started back towards the office, Castiel picked up the grease-stained fast food bag.
“I need the angel to complete the spell. I promise you, Dean Winchester, he will not be harmed.” She said, her hands still outstretched. Dean looked at Sam (who nodded), Gabriel (who shrugged), and finally down at Cas. He wasn’t going to give the angel up unless he had Cas’ say-so.
Castiel stretched up a little so he could kiss Dean. Dean responded enthusiastically, parting his lips and allowing Cas’ tongue to slip past his teeth and tease Dean’s. The angel sighed and slid his hands up Dean’s shirt. The hunter grinned and pulled away slightly, which just caused the angel to move his lips down and begin to kiss Dean’s neck. The hunter sighed and held Cas’ tighter against him.
“Do you, umm… know how to fix a bottle?” Dean asked. Sam chuckled.
“Say what?” Dean managed.
“Yeah, I know.” He said against the back of the angel’s neck. Castiel twisted in the tangle of Dean’s arms until he was facing Dean.
“You have any idea how we are going to get him back to normal?” Dean asked, going to stand beside Cas. The angel shook his head.
“If it was a witch, then we would have to find the exact spell she used and reverse it.” Gabriel said, very matter-of-factly.
“You know, I can’t tell whether Dean is wrapped around your finger, or if you are wrapped around his.” The archangel was almost out of the door before Cas spoke.
“They must have put up warding when they went in. I can’t enter the house. Nor can Gabriel.” Cas shook his head. “I’m sorry.” Dean ran a hand down his face. So it was just him, Sammy, and Andrew, then. They had faced worse odds.
“I’m fine, Dean.” he said, and then suddenly the hunter’s lips were on his. The kiss was brief and chaste, more of a reminder that they were both still alive than anything. Dean broke away and wrapped his arms around him, holding him close. Castiel returned the hug with one arm, the other still propping him up.
Dean watched Cas fight and ultimately lose the battle of sleep. As the tiny angel nodded off his hand curled around Dean’s jacket and his thumb went into his mouth. That seemed to be his preferred way to sleep. It made Dean smile. As he was waiting for the elevator he same lady from earlier approached Dean again. She smiled at him.
Comments and kudos are always welcome :)
He cut that thought off right there. He didn’t want to think about Cas dying.
“Yes. You took a lot of pills, Castiel.” She said. “We’re lucky you’re still alive.”
“I’m sorry it’s been so…” Before the angel could finish getting the words out, Dean cut him off with a needy, desperate kiss. Castiel seemed surprised, but responded enthusiastically, wrapping his arms around the hunter and opening his mouth to receive Dean’s tongue. The hunter pulled away after a moment and sighed, burying his face in Cas’ shoulder.
Comments? Kudos? :D
“Cas…lube.” he panted, lust making his voice rough and low. Cas took one of Dean’s hand and brought it to his own mouth, taking two of Dean’s fingers and sucking on them. He rolled his tongue against them and made sure they were thoroughly coated. It was worth it by the way Dean’s eyes went wide and his breathing sped up. Cas opened his mouth and Dean withdrew his fingers, only to replace them with his tongue as he reached between them and began circling Cas’ entrance. The angel’s breath hitched as Dean pushed one finger inside him and began moving it in and out. Cas broke the kiss and threw his head back into the wall, moaning at the thought that Dean was going to be inside him soon. Dean’s mouth just moved to kiss Cas neck as carefully added a second finger and found his prostate simultaneously , making Cas whimper and push down onto his fingers.
“Your fiancé? Yes. He’s was here. He stepped out to get something to eat. He should be back soon.”
“So, you and Gabriel, huh?” he asked, Sam shrugged, smiling.
“Sam! I…uhh..didn’t expect to see you here.” Dean busted out laughing and Sam matched Cas’ blush.
Dean undresses him slowly, unbuttoning his shirt and kissing every newly revealed patch of skin with reverence. That is different, but it feels incredible so he allows it. Once Dean succeeds in his mission to unbutton Castiel’s shirt, the hunter’s hands move to his shoulders, urging him to sit. The moment he complies he is rewarded with Dean’s lips on his and Dean’s hands pushing his shirt, jacket, and coat all off at once. It was cast aside and Dean was back on him, urging him to lay back against the bed. He reached for Dean, gripping the hem of his shirt and pulling until Dean decided to help him. It joined Castiel’s clothes on the floor.
Dean sat up straighter. This was what he’d come here for. To watch beautiful women pretend that they want him. His eyes were glued to Meg as she started to shake her ass and take off the little bit of clothes she’d put on to come out here. Immediately, though, Dean had to lean away. She looked too much like Bela for him to be completely comfortable with it. But he still tucked a few bills into her g-string when she came closer. She was here to make money, after all. Dean wasn’t going to be one of those people.  “Thanks, sugar.” She said, rolling her body on the pole as she stood up.
“Dean-o…you did research? Oh, be still my heart!” He said, and proceeded to fall to the floor, causing everyone in the room (even Cas) to roll their eyes at him.
They shouldn’t bother him. He knows, he really does, that the Winchester’s don’t think of him that way. But ever since that, the words keep replaying in his head.
“I was trying to be seductive.” he said, shuffling his feet around. “I did not expect for your brother to be in the room. I should have checked.” Dean stood to his feet and walked over to the angel, still chortling. He put his arms around Cas and hugged him.
“Sam. Get cracking.” Gabriel said, thrusting his hips down. Sam smiled at him, so sweetly that Gabriel immediately distrusted the expression. “I’m ready, Sam, come on.” he whined a little. Sam’s little smile grew into a full blown grin as he twisted his fingers and touched the archangel’s prostate again, causing Gabriel’s thoughts to derail back to
“We are the good guys, Amanda. I promise we are going to do everything we can to get you and Katie out of this safely.” She let out a sob and turned, burying her face into Cas’ shoulder. He caught Dean’s eye, his eyes wide with panic. Dean fought the urge to laugh. Sure, he didn’t like that Amanda was all over his angel, but the look on said angel’s face was priceless. Cas gingerly patted her on the shoulder, not knowing what else to do.
He knew the end was coming quicker than he could ever imagine, the way it always did when Cas blew him. Dean didn’t know if it was because of the fact that Cas was an angel or what, but he gave the best blowjobs. Like…ever. Dean tightened his hands in the angel’s hair and thrust up into his mouth. Cas stopped moving and surrendered control over to him, making Dean groan as he thrust faster and faster, fucking himself into the warm, tight heat of Cas’ mouth. The sensation made him moan.
“Is that something you tell yourself so you can sleep at night?” he asked sarcastically.
“What isn’t?” Castiel asked, closing the door behind them.
hurt you on purpose, right Cas?” Dean said, his eyes pleading. The tiny angel looked up at his hunter and nodded. Dean sighed and closed his eyes. He moved the tiny angel slightly and held him in both hands. It felt nice, all this touching. No wonder humans liked to touch each other so much. It felt good.
Then Dean heard the growl of an engine and saw a monster of a Jeep pulling up to the house. It had come from the opposite direction they had, but that still didn’t explain why he hadn’t heard it until it was directly on top of them.
The angel pushed back against Dean, pushing them over until he was able to straddle him. Dean could see that Cas was already hard and leaking against his stomach and all he wanted to do was taste the angel.
“They don’t seem to care that people may be dying.” he said in a suggestive tone, smiling at the look his angel gave him. Apparently, Cas didn’t think that Dean’s statement warranted an answer. Dean reached out to the angel and pulled him closer, kissing him softly. Cas kissed him back for a minute and then pulled away.
“Yeah, Cas, we are going inside now.” Dean started walking towards the house, and everyone else followed. Cas was directly behind him, followed by Gabriel, who was followed by Andrew, and Sam brought up the rear. He was walking rather close to the man in front of him, trying to give the illusion that he was forcing Andrew to be there. The look of fear on the other man’s face was extremely convincing. Dean saw the curtain move and readied himself as he knocked three times on the door. Casmiria answered immediately.
After a few moments of an awkward silence, Dean cleared his throat. “Breakfast?” he asked.
“Hey, bro, let’s go umm…let’s just go.” Gabriel said, taking Cas by the arm and disappearing. Dean looked at Sam.
“Well, then I guess it’s a good thing I have a king-sized bed.”
Jimmy finished his rounds and came back to Dean, but instead of straddling him he sat down, bracing his hands on the chair as he started to grind his ass back onto Dean’s hard cock, making Dean see stars. Over Jimmy’s shoulder, he could see the other man gyrating and could see his cock, barely concealed in the red cotton as he rode him, Dean’s cock falling exactly into the crack of his ass.
“Hey.” she said in a small voice. She looked nervous and kept looking over her shoulder, putting Dean on guard immediately “Can I…umm…Can I come in?” she asked. Dean opened the door just enough for her to get through and then promptly closed it. Dean caught Sam’s surprised expression for just a second before he controlled his expression.
“Uhh, Guys!” Gabe yelled at them from the front of the house. Without making a subconscious decision to do so, Dean tightened his arms around Cas. Both him and Sam took off for the front of the house, Sam in the lead.
“So what are we doing?” He asked. Sam and Gabriel looked at each other. Sam cleared his throat.
Dean didn’t know how or when, but as they walked out of the hotel room that morning, Dean saw something that gave his mood a permanent up-turn.
Granted, he’d only been at it one day, but he still felt accomplished about all the tantrums and shit that he hadn’t thrown today. In all of his existence, he had never been faced with a more difficult task than this one. He found himself suddenly being a thousand percent more sympathetic towards Castiel’s situation. It was hard, trying to control what his body wanted him to do and what his mind was telling him to do.
“Eager, huh?” Dean smiled, when he pulled away for air. Cas nodded, leaning back to took Dean in the eyes.
Unsurprisingly, they found him in the exact (at least according to Sam) place he had been yesterday, right down to the Jack clutched to his chest. Dean felt a pang of sadness go through him as he reached out to gently shake the man awake. Andrew awoke with a start, sitting up and staring wildly around him until he realized who had touched him. He gave them a sheepish smile.
And Dean couldn’t have been happier about that particular turn of events.
Don't you have some type of work you should be doing? CN
“Dean I’m…Cas whimpered, and suddenly Dean felt Cas spilling down his throat. He swallowed best he could, but felt a little dribble onto his chin as Cas pulled himself out of Dean’s mouth. Two strokes later and Dean was coming all over his own hand, while looking up at Cas’ sated and wrecked face. Cas leaned down and kissed him, licking at Dean’s chin and assumingly his own come.
Dean had just finished eating when he saw his jacket move. He smiled slightly, and threw away the trash before slowly making his way over to the tiny angel, at least until Cas started to scream. Dean hurried over to the side of the bed and plucked him up, and cradled him.
“No? Don’t think that’s fair? Hmm…Let’s see…I could always have one of you take his place….” She mused, all but ignoring the three of them. “Or….no…that just seems cruel.” She continued talking to herself muttering different ways she could use them. Sam, Dean, and Gabriel all sat there quietly, stealing glances at one another. Until finally she yelled “Yes! That will work perfectly. Why didn’t I think of it sooner?” She stood up and strode out of the room, her long dress whipping around the corner. Dean glanced over at Sam and Gabriel.
“Gabe.” he called softly.
“What the hell, man? That could have been our last chance to get her!” Dean yelled. Cas didn’t flinch.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel yawned. Dean pulled slightly on his arm.
Some Destiel cuddles :)
“That’s not fair.” Dean complained as they left the room.
“Go back to Gabe, Sammy. We can’t do anything just yet.” Dean said. Sam nodded, recognizing dismissal. He waved to the pair of them and shut the door with a snap. Dean sighed heavily and plopped his head back against Cas’ shoulder.
“If you say so.” Cas said, kissing the hunter again. Dean responded for a moment but then pulled back.
“Dean, the letter says specifically to come Friday. She might not let Amanda and Katie go if we go early.” Sam said, pointing to the note.
“Why not? Just pack some diapers and stuff.” Dean started to direct Sam to pack what they would need.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to hurt you, Dean.” He said, pressing his fingers in again. Dean’s head hit the pillow again.
"I wish we didn't have to go back." Dean said.
“Okay, fine, you hold Cas.” He gave the angel to Sam and immediately he started to scream. Dean smiled triumphantly as Cas was handed right back to him. Sam rolled his eyes and continued to pack.
“Um-hmm.” Cas said, moving to the front of his neck and starting to suck on Dean’s pulse point. Dean couldn’t take it anymore and put his hand on Cas’ chin, pulling him up and kissing him. Cas kissed him back and pulled away, chuckling. “Care to test the theory?” Dean didn’t bother to reply and just kissed Cas again.
“Just the standard witchy garden supplies.”
“Are you sure there isn’t
“See? Problem solved.” he said, moving past him and out the door. Everyone followed and got into their respective cars. Dean smoothed his hands over the Impala’s steering wheel as climbed in.
“D-Dean. S-Someone c-could walk up a-at any mo-moment.” Cas whimpered, quickly losing his self-control as Dean licked patterns all over his neck. “Dean. Stop.” He said, pushing the hunter back. This seemed to break Dean from his jealously-induced trance. He took a deep breath.
Epilogue
“Smmm!” he gasped. Gabriel broke into a smile and clapped his hands together.
Dean stepped inside when Amanda stepped back, allowing them entry into her home. Cas followed and Amanda shut the door with an audible
“That also sounds like someone else I know.” Cas leaned in and bumped Dean’s nose with his own. “Don’t worry about Gabriel. If he opens up to anyone, it’ll be Sam. You know your brother.” Cas grinned again. “He has a habit of making people talk about things they would rather not.” Dean nodded. Cas was right. Sammy had an annoying habit of getting people to talk about what they didn’t want too.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing.” Dean states, climbing back up Castiel’s body and straddling his hips.
“You know I would never,
A doctor came through the door and looked at him. “Are you here for Castiel Novak?” he asked, as Dean jumped up.
“Dean.” he whimpered. “Dean, I’m gonna…” Dean pulled off with a lewd popping noise and grinned up at his boyfriend. He stood up slowly and brought his lips against Cas’. The other man wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled their bodies together, causing their erections to rub together. Dean watched as Cas threw his head back and just thrust, caught in a haze of pleasure.  Dean felt sharp fingernails in his back as Cas pushed his cock against Dean’s again and again. God, Castiel looked so beautiful like this, when he was too far gone to do anything more that ride the wave of pleasure.  Dean trailed his hands down to his boyfriend’s hips and stilled them, breaking Cas from his lust-induced trance. The other man blinked and shook his head, further clearing his mind. He leaned forward and kissed Dean’s mouth once before moving to kiss down his jaw, causing Dean to tilt his head to give Cas’ better access. Castiel kissed down to Dean’s ear and stopped, nipping at Dean’s earlobe as he whispered.
“What about them?” she asked, hiccupping.
The first house on Dean and Cas’ list was Katie’s. Sam had seemed…reluctant to interview the parents of the missing girl, so he had given it to Dean. He wasn’t looking forward to it either.
“Dean.” he said, taking a step back. Dean grinned and threw his hands up in surrender.
“You too, Cas.”
“None of the girls can suck you off like I can.” he said. Dean shook his head frantically.
“Permantantly?” he asked, and Andrew nodded, swallowing hard. His breath was very fast and shallow.
Dean wanted to ask, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to appear so vulnerable in front of the angel.
“Gabe! Come back!” Sam abandoned the cart and chased after him, Dean and Cas hot on his heels. He heard Gabe laugh as he turned a corner into the opposite aisle. When Sam reached said corner he didn’t see Gabriel anywhere. That put him on guard.
“I’m sorry, but…”
“Yeah, I think I do.” he said. Castiel smiled and leaned over to kiss Dean softly as he pinned his arms to the bed. Dean groaned happily when he felt the soft fabric of the tie wrapping around his wrists and securing them to the metal headboard. Dean pulled lightly against the restraints, testing them, and making sure they were secure.
“Caass.” He drawled out. He didn’t want to ask-he
“I don’t want to leave her here alone, though.” Sam said.
“I’m not jealous!” He half-yelled. Cas sighed and continued.
, that made me feel the way you do, human or angel alike.” Cas moved his hands to cup Dean’s face. “And until you force me to leave, I’m going to be here, and I’m going to be yours. I don’t want anyone else, Dean. I never have and I never will. You may be an ‘old, broken down hunter’ but you are my old broken down hunter.” Cas brought his forehead to rest against Dean’s and looked him in the eye. “Believe me when I say I love you, Dean. I love you more than I have ever loved another being. Believe that I would die for you.” Dean smiled slowly, and Cas could swear there were tears in the hunter’s eyes when Cas leaned in to place a short, sweet kiss on Dean’s lips.
Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t like it.
“I do. I do love you.” Dean says, his voice resolute. “And while we’re being honest, I have for a long time.” There’s a thumb on his cheek, moving back and forth as Dean smiles down at him.
“Fucker.” he muttered, moving his hips to try and get Sam in deeper. Sam laughed.
“Gabe, really?” Sam said. He heard a curse and then a thud behind him and turned around to see Cas kneeling beside Dean, who was pulling himself into a sitting position with a stroller on its side beside him.
“I don’t like it.” Gabriel said. Sam blinked out of his thoughts and looked down at his toddler-sized boyfriend.
Friggin’ angels, man.
“Cassie! Dean-o! Nice of you to join us.” Gabriel said. He was in some of the clothes they had bought him yesterday. He was perched on Sam’s lap, playing absently with a string on the man’s shirt.
“Good. Because I believe you owe me an orgasm.” He said, standing straight and throwing a wink over his shoulder. He could only imagine what Jimmy had in store for him.
“Casmiria sent you, didn’t she?”
“Woah.” Andrew said, stepping closer. “I never knew that she learned that spell.” Sam glanced at him.
“What was that?” the hunter asked.
“I guess it’s possible.” Gabriel said.  Dean looked down at the baby, who had fallen asleep snuggled into Dean’s chest with his thumb in his mouth.
how it was supposed to go. He doesn’t even look scared anymore, even though four heavily armed guys had
“What?” He asked. Sam shook his head.
“Who is it?!” Dean called. A familiar voice answered him.
Amanda’s hand jerked, causing her to spill coffee all over herself and the table. The hot coffee dripped off the table and into Sam’s lap, surprising him and making him jump. This unseated Gabriel and he was forced to grab Sam around the neck to keep from falling off. Sam, already being unbalanced from his initial jump, somehow managed to tip the chair over and then with a resounding
“We did stuff!” Dean said, outraged. “At least, we tried to do things. It’s not our fault there wasn’t anything to find.” Sam nodded, and then looked at his watch.
“I…I tried to kill myself.” Castiel said, suddenly remembering. She nodded.
“I can feel you creeping.” Dean muttered, as he buried his face into Cas’ bare shoulder. The angel smiled.
“Have they ever touched you like this, Dean?” he said, bending to kiss him. Dean shook his head.
“I’m so sorry, Cas. I know I say stupid things when I’m mad. I know the only reason you pulled me out of there was to keep me safe.” Dean tightened his arms. “I know I’m reckless. I…can’t help it. I don’t deserve you or Sam.” He took a deep breath. “I can’t promise anything…but I’ll try.” It was the least he could do after all he had put the both of them through. And he knew how he would feel if Cas died.
“Well, Cas, I…” He started, but was interrupted by Sam yelling at them.
“I love you more.” Cas smiled and shook his head, still caught up in the bliss of their activities. He burrowed his head into Dean’s shoulder and kissed his neck.
“So what’s the situation?” Gabriel asked, looking at Dean first but it was apparent that Dean was going to be incapable of speech for the time being. Gabriel turned towards Sam, who sighed.
“Nothing.” Dean growled as he climbed into the driver’s seat. Cas opened the passenger door and got inside. He opened his mouth to ask again but Dean grabbed his phone and dialed. Cas could hear Sam’s voice through the phone.
“Yes. My bag is packed. I just had a momentary freak out. I want to make a good impression.” He said.
“No! No! Don’t, please, I’ll stop don’t take my powers away!” she sounded hysterical. Andrew smiled
broken into his house. Instead, he looked kind of…
“Do you want some baby food?” the hunter asked, placing  his half-finished burger on the table. Cas nodded eagerly and stretched towards the bag he knew was hiding his very own form of nutrition.
“Can I uhh, get a ride?” he asked. Gabriel laughed and stepped forward gripping the other man and was suddenly gone. Dean turned to Sam.
Chapter 8! Warning for use of orgasms to get rid of headaches :)
“More, Dean, faster. Please.” Dean has to swallow before pulling almost all the way out and slamming back in. He changed his angle slightly and found Cas’ prostate, causing a cry to break out from the angel.
“Are you sure there isn’t anything wrong?” he asked him, keeping one hand on his arm so the angel couldn’t walk away. Cas sighed.
“No.” Dean said, walking away from Andrew. Sam rolled his eyes at his brother. He looked at Gabriel, who nodded and was gone, only to be back 30 seconds later, with clothes in hand. Andrew watched all of this with a fascinated horror.
The assistant – Abby – was moderately helpful. It turns out she was more interested in Sam than in helping them with their baby problems. Sam had had to (politely) let her know that he wasn’t available. She had left rather quickly after that.
“To the normal capacity of a three-year-old human child, I would assume.” He said. “Though I only have my own experiences to draw from.” Sam nodded and looked back down at Gabriel. The archangel stirred, yawning and blinking sleepily up at them. He yawned again and took in the three faces above him. He stretched and grinned cheekily up at them (his normal grin, which looked terribly out of place on a three-year-old.)
He knew that Dean would probably feel better if Castiel didn’t go today. But there was no way in Heaven, on Earth, or in Hell that Castiel was letting Sam and Dean go without him, even if Casmiria hadn’t made it mandatory that every member of their little group show up. He had to be there, if there was any chance that he could help them beat this witch.
“Cas.” he said, tugging lightly on his head. The angel pulled off suddenly, leaving Dean gasping and panting on the brink of orgasm. “Fuck.” he whispered, letting his head fall against the pillow. Castiel smiled sweetly and kissed his stomach.
"Why are you still awake? I figured you would be way asleep by now." Dean asked, concern coloring his tone. When Dean spoke like that, Castiel could almost pretend that Dean really wanted him. That he really cared. But if he did, then he would be next to Castiel right now. Not at home with his wife, probably sitting in his car so there wasn't anyway Lisa would overhear him.
“Because, Dean, if we did that, Cas could be stuck as a baby forever.” Gabriel said, sighing.
“No, actually, we did a little research on each of the victims and then interviewed their families.” Gabriel clutched at his chest dramatically.
Freaking witches. Turning him into a freaking toddler guaranteed that he couldn’t go anywhere alone and therefore that greatly diminished his ability to do anything about anything.
“Hi! My name is Kristy. How can I help you?”
Andrew had finally woken up.
I can do?” she said, implications all over her voice. Dean growled and strode over, put his hand on the back of Cas’ head and kissed him hard. Cas seemed surprised, but he kissed him back. After a minute Dean pulled away, glaring at the woman.
“Stupid bitch.” Amanda said, stepping over her body and into the room. Castiel blinked twice and managed to get himself up on one elbow. He watched the woman until he felt a warm presence at his side. He looked up and saw Dean kneeling beside him. He was a little bruised and dirty but otherwise okay. He looked worried.
“Yes, sir. Thank you for letting me gate-crash your Christmas, Bobby. I promise I’ll do my best to help with everything.”
“You just wait.” Gabriel said. “I’ll get you back once I’m big again.” Dean laughed. Being threatened by a toddler (even if said toddler was a powerful archangel) was hilarious.
Dean nodded. “And we have two days to figure out a plan.” Dean looked around the room and then back at Andrew. “Do you have any idea why she gave us until Friday?”
“And I, you.” he whispered. “Now, let’s sleep. We have a busy day tomorrow.” Dean nodded and buried his face into Cas’ chest. He would worry about Casmiria and whether or not they were all going to die tomorrow. For now, he was going to curl up with his angel and catch some sleep.
“Gabe.” Sam said softly, taking the archangel’s face into his hands. Sam’s tone caused Gabriel’s face to crease into a worried frown (which was adorable, not that Dean would ever admit it). “I need you to not freak out on me, okay?” Gabriel looked confused again but he nodded slowly. Sam took a deep breath.
“Everyone ready?” Gabe asked. Cas looks at his feet, which are still barefoot. Gabriel rolled his eyes and popped away, returning in a minute with a pair of boots and socks that match Dean’s. “Here.” He winked at Dean as Cas starts to put on the shoes. Once this is done, Gabe touched them and suddenly they are in Colorado.
Three hours, thirty two minutes and roughly 45 seconds later they were pulling in to another motel, just as seedy as the one they had left. Coincidentally, the
“I’m not sure. But whatever the reason, she may not turn him back until she feels he’s learned whatever lesson she’s teaching.” Cas woke up at that moment and noticed he was alone. He panicked and started to wiggle and cry, causing Dean to immediately get up and go pick him up. He calmed down the moment the hunter’s hands were on him. Dean looked down at Cas as he settled the baby in his arms.
“You need to be more patient.” Dean huffed. He pulled out and pushed back in slowly. Cas was so hot, so tight that it took all Dean had not to just thrust with wild abandon into him. But even if Cas wasn’t worried about Dean hurting him, Dean was. So he forced himself to go slow so his boyfriend could adjust to his girth. Cas tried to pull Dean into him again, but Dean put his hands on his chest and held him down.
“You know…” he said, looking down. “Now that Casmiria’s out of the way, there’s nothing really for me to do anymore.” he gave Amanda a look. “I think I’m gonna hang around here for a while.” The smile she gave him was beautiful.
“The witches are having a ritual tomorrow because of the full moon. They have directions on their website.” He said, turning his computer around to show the other two. “It says that outsiders are welcome to come and observe. We could go and pretend to be interested. We’d have to do it today, though. You have to register to watch.” Gabriel nodded.
“911, what’s your emergency?”
Needs it
The odds finally looked to be in their favor. They were all waiting on some unheard signal, but Castiel knew that they needed to move soon. If Bael was on his way…well, they should be long gone before the demon got there. Otherwise, Castiel didn’t want to think about what would happen to them. And he really didn’t want to know what the demon had planned for them.
“What do you want, baby?” Dean asked, his breath quickly becoming ragged and heavy. Cas threw his head so it was resting on Dean’s shoulder and pushed backwards, rubbing up and down on Dean’s dick. Dean couldn’t stifle the moan that fell from his mouth.
